



EVEN THE GRASS BLEEDS


by


NORBERT L. MERCADO





Also by Norbert L. Mercado

NOVELS

72 Hours in Moscow
After the Summer Rain
Beyond Revolution
The Children of Mars

Chrysanthemum
The Days of an Empire
Even the Grass Bleeds
I Don't Need A Throne

The Last Romanov
One Love, Three Summers
The Protracted War and the Quest for Peace
Some Winds Blow Forever

Three Cornered Sun
Unchained Melody
Windflowers
The Winter is Young

The Korean War
In The Shadow Of The Roman Empire
Farewell Darkness!
The Roman Governor of Judaea


OTHER BOOKS

Asia Health Book 1
Asia Health Book 2
Cambodia's Children of Sorrow
The Future and Your Family
Jerusalem: The City of Destiny
Ronald Reagan: Profile of a President

For more information on Norbert L. Mercado, visit
http://norbertomercado.blogspot.com





EVEN THE GRASS BLEEDS
Norbert L. Mercado

Copyright  2012 Norbert L. Mercado

Norbert L. Mercado has asserted his right
to be identified as the author of this work.

This book is a work of fiction, and except in case of historical fact, any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

This book is sold, subject to the condition that is shall not, by way of trade or otherwise be lent, resold, hired out, or otherwise circulated without the publishers prior consent in any form or binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition, including this condition, being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.

ISBN: 978-1-476-12985-3

Smashwords Abridged Edition, License Notes

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

VERSION: 2014-08-11-1345



TABLE OF CONTENTS
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Last Chapter
Dedication
A Historical Novelist For Peace
You Can Also Connect with Me Online:
Discover Other Titles by Norbert L. Mercado:



 
Back to Table of Contents


CHAPTER 
1


The three pink roses in her hand were as fresh as the flowers newly-plucked by a gardener early in the morning.
Daniel bought them for her in a flower shop near Baguio market.
Will you still give me flowers when we are old? Rose asked, wanting the assurance of a perennial love.
Daniel smiled. He looked at her, and said, Until my last breath
They were seated on the grass, facing each other. Dahlia flowers bloomed near them, witnesses to an unspoiled, young love.
The place was Burnham Park in Baguio City. It was three oclock in the afternoon, the last Friday of June 29, 1990.
What time will you leave for Manila on Thursday? Daniel asked her.
Rose smelled the scent of the flowers after which she was named. At six oclock in the morning. I should be in the airport by two oclock in the afternoon, she replied, referring to the international airport in Manila.
What time is your flight?
Seven oclock. I want to be there early.
Daniel looked at the grass with sadness. He didnt know what to ask next.
Happy graduation in advance, Rose said, smiling. I hope Ill be here by then.
Daniel nodded, still looking at the grass.
But if I cant, just remember that Im happy when youre happy she said, her eyes expressing tenderness of a first love.
Daniel was in his fifth year in Civil Engineering at the University of Baguio. He was scheduled to graduate at the end of the school year.
Rose, a graduate of a secretarial course from the same university, met him when they were both in their first year.
She finished her course after two years, and decided to go to Hong Kong to work as a domestic helper five months after graduation. It was her aunt, Sally Abobo, who had been working in the British Crown Colony since 1984, who looked for an employer for her.
Times move so fast Daniel said, observing a boy riding a bicycle. Ten years ago, I was just like him
Rose glanced at and watched the boy who was enjoying his ride.
Sometimes, I want to be as young as that boy again Daniel said with a wry smile.
Why? Rose asked, surprised.
The world is his. He has no problems.
Rose looked at the face of the young man dearest to her heart.
Is something troubling you? she asked him.
Just feeling the academic pressure And now, you will be leaving, he answered.
It wont take too long. Ill be back in two years time. Remember when I first left for Hong Kong? You were so sad then. I was too. But we quickly overcame the sadness. It wasnt long before I was back with you, Rose said, trying to cheer him up.
Daniel looked at her eyes. He could discern her loneliness through those eyes, though she bravely tried to hide it. Yes But youre leaving me again, he said.
Daniel, I hope I can get a job with a reasonable salary here. But you know I cant. How much does a secretary earn here? From 1,500 to maybe 2,000 pesos. In Hong Kong, we earn HK $2,500 a month  thats more than 7,000 pesos. You know Im the breadwinner in my family. Nanay is sickly. Boy is only in his fourth year in high school. Tina is only in her first year in high school. I wish I could work in Baguio, but even if I could find a job here, the salary would just be enough for me, she said.
Daniel nodded. Yes I understand
Lets be patient. Soon, youll be an engineer and you may no longer need me. By that time, other women might have entered your life, Rose teased him.
You know that wont happen. Kung gusto mo, pakasal tayo agad pagbalik mo. Graduate na ako noon.
(If you want, we could get married as soon as you return. I would have graduated by then.)
Rose smiled again. Talaga? she asked, kidding. Huwag mahirap mapasubo agad. Mahirap magpamilya ngayon.
(Really? No its hard to make immediate commitments. Its difficult to marry and start a family at this time.)
I know, but with Gods help, Im sure we can manage, Daniel said.
Ill ask you a question. Pero wag ka magagalit, Rose said.
(But dont get mad,)
Bakit naman ako magagalit. What is it? Daniel was curious.
(Why would I get mad?)
Suppose, Ill marry you five years from now. Will you agree to it? she asked, smiling.
Daniel was surprised. Hah? Ang tagal naman! Huwag naman! Baka hindi ako makatagal!
(What? That long! Cmon, not that long. I might not be able to wait!)
Rose turned serious. Nangako kasi ako kay itay, bago sya nalagutan ng hininga. Ang sabi ko sa kanya sa ospital, kahit anong mangyari, tutulungan kong makatapos si Boy at si Tina ng college It was a vow. I dont want to fail in my vow to him.
(I made a promise to my father, before he breathed his last. I told him, while we were in the hospital, that no matter what happens, I will help Boy and Tina finish college)
Daniel could not say anything. He just listened to Rose.
Have you ever promised anything to a person who was dying?
Daniel shook his head.
Rose had graduated from the Baguio City High School as valedictorian of her class when her father, Captain Anacleto Afable, PA (Philippine Army), was ambushed in Sagada, Mountain Province, together with his troop, by the New Peoples Army (NPA).

.  .  .

Her father was then travelling in an army jeep from Bontoc to Sagada, together with four army soldiers, when a group of NPAs ambushed them on a narrow curve five kilometers away from Sagada Proper (the main town). The four soldiers who were with her father were killed on the spot.
Captain Afable was wounded in the stomach. When the NPAs approached them, he pretended to be dead.
The communist rebels quickly left the ambush site after they burned the jeep and confiscated the soldiers rifles.
A passenger jeep happened to pass by a few minutes after the rebels left.
Captain Afable shouted for help. He was immediately brought to the Sagada clinic for treatment.
That same day, he was airlifted by an army chopper to Baguio City.
He was operated on in Baguio General Hospital.
It was a struggle for life, even after the bullets were removed from his body. He lost so much blood between the moment of the ambush and the time of his operation.
His family was still able to talk to him in his final hour.
Captain Afable asked his eldest daughter to take care of her mother, brother, and youngest sister.
He asked Rose to help send them to college. Rose nodded, tears falling, her life fading like a flickering light at that moment.
It was her pledge to a dying man.
And it was because of her vow that she decided to just take a two-year secretarial course after high school. She wanted to work immediately so she could send her brother and sister to college.

.  .  .

How deep and pure is your love for me? she waited for Daniels reply.
He could only look at her.
Is your love willing to sacrifice? she asked him as she held his hand. Love, true love, is willing to sacrifice If your love is really pure, and true, and honest, then I can say that I am still fortunate despite my early sorrows. But if the love you offer is selfish, if it cannot give until it bleeds, let it reveal itself now I can drink the tears of misfortune.
He was speechless. He didnt know what to say.
Is it pure? she asked him again.
Daniel slowly nodded. Rose smiled at him. I love you, and I will love you until the last moment of my life she gave him that assurance.
He was her first love. I will always remember you in my loneliness. Next to the Lord, you are my source of inspiration and strength, she said with all the earnestness she could muster.
They had been sweethearts for three years.
She met Daniel when she was in her first year at the University of Baguio.
Daniel was also in his first year in the same university.
She responded to his love after ten months of courtship.
If your love disappears, I will muse over its memory until I meet the Lord face-to-face, she said.
Then she leaned on his shoulder, longing to feel in her soul the tenderness of his love. 



Back to Table of Contents


CHAPTER 
2


Our Bible study today is about the return of the Lord Jesus Christ, Brother Ben Cervantes said, looking at Daniel.
 But before we start this topic, may I request everyone to please introduce themselves for the benefit of a newcomer, he said, referring to Antonio de Guzman. Then, he turned his eyes on Rose. Ill ask Rose to introduce herself first.
Rose smiled. Im Rose Afable. This is my fourth Saturday with this group. It may be my last because Im going back to Hong Kong on Thursday. Im the eldest among three children. I grew up in Baguio. Im a secretarial graduate.
Too bad youll be leaving soon, Brother Ben said. On behalf of the group, let me say that we have enjoyed your company, and we wish you a good and safe trip. We will be praying for you.
Thank you, Brother Ben, Rose said, smiling.
Adela, seated beside Rose, was the second to introduce herself. Im Adela Hurtado, a third year commerce student at the University of Baguio. This is my third time with the group.
Emil was next. Im Emilio Lopez. Im in my fourth year in architecture at St. Louis University. This is my second time with this group.
Others introduced themselves briefly to Antonio: Arturo Bigornia, a third year mechanical engineering student from St. Louis University; Wilfredo Agnir, a fourth year commerce student from the Baguio Colleges Foundation; Florentino Africa, a second year dentistry student at St. Louis University; Mario Vicente, a second year student at the University of the Philippines (U.P.) Baguio, taking up AB English; Grace Guillermo, a third year nursing student at the University of Baguio; Paciencia Pascual, a young business woman; Ernesto Santos, a vendor at the Baguio public market, and Leon Yap, a government employee.
They were fourteen in all that afternoon. The Bible study group had been meeting for two months now in the Christian Fellowship Center, located on the second floor in one of the buildings along Session Road.
Im Antonio de Guzman, a friend of Mr. Daniel Lardizabal. They call me Tony. Im working at the Hyatt Terraces. Daniel has already invited me four times to attend this Bible study, but its only now that I was able to make it.
Tony had been working for two years as a waiter at the Hyatt Terraces. It was his first time to attend a Bible study session.
Tony introduced me already, Daniel smiled. Im in my fifth year in engineering at the University of Baguio.
After everyone had finished introducing themselves, Brother Ben Cervantes spoke.
Welcome to our group, Tony. I hope youll continue to attend our sessions, Brother Ben said. Then, he opened his Bible to the 24th chapter of the Gospel of Matthew. Our study today will center on Matthew 24, from verse 1 to 35.
Everyone opened their Bibles to the Gospel of Matthew, the 24th chapter.
Leon Yap shared his Bible with Tony.
May I request Rose to read aloud verses 1 to 14, and Mario to read verses 23 to 35, Brother Ben said.
Rose began reading the verses assigned to her.

The Destruction of the Temple and Signs of the End Times

1 Jesus left the temple and was walking away when his disciples came up to him to call his attention to its buildings. 2 Do you see all these things? he asked. Truly I tell you, not one stone here will be left on another; every one will be thrown down.
3 As Jesus was sitting on the Mount of Olives, the disciples came to him privately. Tell us, they said, when will this happen, and what will be the sign of your coming and of the end of the age?
4 Jesus answered: Watch out that no one deceives you. 5 For many will come in my name, claiming, I am the Messiah, and will deceive many. 6 You will hear of wars and rumors of wars, but see to it that you are not alarmed. Such things must happen, but the end is still to come. 7 Nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom. There will be famines and earthquakes in various places. 8 All these are the beginning of birth pains.
9 Then you will be handed over to be persecuted and put to death, and you will be hated by all nations because of me. 10 At that time many will turn away from the faith and will betray and hate each other, 11 and many false prophets will appear and deceive many people. 12 Because of the increase of wickedness, the love of most will grow cold, 13 but the one who stands firm to the end will be saved. 14 And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in the whole world as a testimony to all nations, and then the end will come.

Mario Vicente, the second year U.P. student, continued reading the verses on prophecy.

15 So when you see standing in the holy place the abomination that causes desolation, spoken of through the prophet Daniellet the reader understand 16 then let those who are in Judea flee to the mountains. 17 Let no one on the housetop go down to take anything out of the house. 18 Let no one in the field go back to get their cloak. 19 How dreadful it will be in those days for pregnant women and nursing mothers! 20 Pray that your flight will not take place in winter or on the Sabbath. 21 For then there will be great distress, unequaled from the beginning of the world until nowand never to be equaled again.
22 If those days had not been cut short, no one would survive, but for the sake of the elect those days will be shortened. 23 At that time if anyone says to you, Look, here is the Messiah! or, There he is! do not believe it. 24 For false messiahs and false prophets will appear and perform great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect. 25 See, I have told you ahead of time.
26 So if anyone tells you, There he is, out in the wilderness, do not go out; or, Here he is, in the inner rooms, do not believe it. 27 For as lightning that comes from the east is visible even in the west, so will be the coming of the Son of Man. 28 Wherever there is a carcass, there the vultures will gather.
29 Immediately after the distress of those days

the sun will be darkened,
    and the moon will not give its light;
the stars will fall from the sky,
    and the heavenly bodies will be shaken.

30 Then will appear the sign of the Son of Man in heaven. And then all the peoples of the earth will mourn when they see the Son of Man coming on the clouds of heaven, with power and great glory. 31 And he will send his angels with a loud trumpet call, and they will gather his elect from the four winds, from one end of the heavens to the other.
32 Now learn this lesson from the fig tree: As soon as its twigs get tender and its leaves come out, you know that summer is near. 33 Even so, when you see all these things, you know that it is near, right at the door. 34 Truly I tell you, this generation will certainly not pass away until all these things have happened. 35 Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will never pass away.

Brother Ben stressed that peoples unbelief about the second coming of Jesus Christ could not negate or invalidate the eschatological fact that Christ would come again.
He explained the difference between the Rapture and the Second Coming. The Rapture, is the snatching of believers into Heaven by the Lord. It will be in a split-of-a-second, a twinkling-of-an-eye event which will be witnessed only by those who believe in Him. It is the first stage of Christs return. The second stage is the Second Coming. This event will be witnessed by all mankind. People will mourn, but then, it will be too late. The verses you read in Matthew 24 tell us about the second stage of Christs return.
Everyone attentively listened to Brother Ben as he explained the Second Coming.
As the Lord told His disciples, the time before the Second Coming will be characterized by natural and man-made catastrophes. There will be wars, a breakdown of peace and order, and natural calamities specifically earthquakes. There were wars, earthquakes, and other natural and man-made calamities in the past, of course. What the Lord meant in the verses we read was the intensification of human conflict and natural calamities. Wars and earthquakes will increase before the Lords return, and famine will rage throughout the world. Deception of people will also be intensified by false Christs and false teachers. The Lord told us that false Christs would appear before He comes. They will do miracles, so that even the elect will be deceived.
Brother Ben was quick to emphasize that these signs didnt mean that the end of the world had come. He stressed that the Lord referred to these things as the birthpangs, like the pain of a woman in labor before childbirth.
The Gospel of Christ will first be preached throughout all the nations and then the end shall come.
The members of the group continued to attentively listen to Brother Ben.
The Lord Jesus Christ gave us the responsibility to preach the Gospel to all the people of the earth. We should begin where we are, right in our community. These are our Judea and Samaria the places where Jesus and his disciples first ministered to. For us, this could be our homes, our schools, or our offices. And then we go to the different provinces of our country. And from our Judea and Samaria, or our immediate areas of ministry, we preach the Gospel to all the nations of the world where the Lord will send us.
Is anybody exempted from preaching the Gospel of Christ to other nations? Can we just stay in our community and country and preach Christ here? Leon Yap asked.
There was silence in the group as they waited for Brother Bens reply.
Well, let us look at the command of Christ in Matthew chapter 28 from verses 18 to 20. In these verses, the Lord commanded all those who believe in Him to go and make disciples of all the nations, baptizing all believers in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit and teach them all the things that the Lord has commanded us. The Lord promised us that he will be with us even to the end of the world. We are soldiers of Christ. Every believer is. And nobody is exempted from this directive by our Commander-in-Chief, Brother Ben said.
Does that mean that every one of us should be a missionary to other nations? Daniel Lardizabal asked.
Well, if you ask for my view on this command of the Lord, it appears to me that we should all be missionaries to other nations. Of course, there are other views on this command, but thats how I understand it. If I only follow half of the order of my Commander-in-Chief and I would not follow the other half, can you call me a faithful and obedient soldier?
There was silence in the group.
Lets also read Acts chapter 1 verses 7 and 8. Kindly read it Brother Mario.
Mario flipped his Bible to the said passages. He then began to read aloud. 

7 He said to them: It is not for you to know the times or dates the Father has set by his own authority. 8 But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you; and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem, and in all Judea and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth.

Thank you Brother Mario, Brother Ben said. So here in these verses, it is very clear that believers in Christ should preach His gospel to the nations outside of Israel. Not only to the nearby nations, but to the very ends of the earth. The command is clear, very clear, and its not subject to interpretation. Thats why there are many Christians who are obedient to Christs command, who go to the remotest parts of the earth to preach the Gospel. That is my understanding of this command. Now, if some Christians say that others are called to preach the Gospel to other nations, but others are not, maybe they have to show me a verse which supports their claim and I will believe it, Brother Ben said.
So you will become a missionary, Brother Ben? Antonio de Guzman asked.
Yes, and I look forward to this. I should first be a missionary to our countrymen. And then, my desire is to preach the Gospel in the Association of South East Asian Nations. (ASEAN) From ASEAN, my next desire is to preach the Gospel throughout all the nations, but I dont know how to do that, said Brother Ben.
Everybody laughed including him.
Well the Lord will show you, Brother Mario said.
Sure Mario, Brother Ben replied. And not only to me, but He will guide all of us.
When the Gospel is preached throughout all the nations, then the Lord will come back, Emilio Lopez said.
Yes, thats true, Brother Ben replied. That is stated by the Lord Jesus Christ himself. He said, and this Gospel shall be preached throughout all the nations, and then the end shall come.
There is a Korean who claimed that Christ will come back in the year 2000. That will be ten years from now. Do you believe this? Wilfredo Agnir asked.
Hmm. I also read in a magazine that a Korean pastor claimed that Jesus Christ will come back to earth not in the year 2000, but in 1999. So theres a one year difference. Dont believe these claims. Brother Ben said. The Lord specifically stated that nobody knows the exact date of His return. No one knows the date. Anyone who says Christ will come back on such and such a date is not basing his claims on the Bible. Suppose the years 1999 and 2000 came to pass, but Christ did not come back. What would happen then? Critics of Christians would have more reasons to attack our faith. Christians then would also become lazy in proclaiming the Gospel because the Lord had not come yet. Why didnt the Lord tell us the exact date? He must have reasons why. But He didnt tell us so our finite minds can only speculate, Brother Ben replied.
I think, whats most important is for us to prepare ourselves for Christs return, Grace Guillermo said.
Thats true, Brother Ben responded. Thats why it is important for every person to receive the Lord in his heart now. Today is the day of salvation. He wants to come into your heart now. Jesus said in Revelations 3:20, Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears My voice and opens the door, I will come into him, and fellowship with him and he with Me! Today, if you hear His voice, do not harden your heart. Maybe you have been attending church, or have been reading the Bible, but you have not made that act of inviting Him into your heart as your Savior and Lord. Salvation from sins cannot be obtained by going to church of by doing good works. Salvation is a gift of God. As the Apostle Paul wrote in Ephesians 2 verses 8 and 9, For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God not by works, so that no one can boast. Even the act of trusting is a gift from God. Salvation is not a reward for the good we have done, so none of us can take any credit for it.
Brother Ben looked briefly at Tony. Then he told the group that if anyone of them wasnt sure of his salvation, he may simply repeat after him a prayer of acceptance of Christ as ones Savior and Lord.
Lord Jesus, I need you in my life, Brother Ben began the prayer, head bowed and eyes closed. Today, as an act of my will, I invite You in my heart as my Savior and Lord. I admit that Im a sinner, and only by Your grace can I be saved from my sins. Please come into my heart now, O Lord! Cleanse me from all of my sins, and make me Your child Amen.
Tony looked at each of the members of the group. They were all bowed, with their eyes closed.
They may be praying silently, he thought. He wished he could pray the prayer. But something prevented him. Pride? Other unconfessed sins? An unwillingness to forsake a certain lifestyle?
If you prayed that prayer, Brother Ben continued, still with his head bowed, thank God right now that He is faithful to His promise. He will come into your heart, and will make you His child once you willingly receive Him as your Savior and Lord.
After the prayer, Brother Ben and the group sang Thank You Lord For Saving My Soul.
It was almost six oclock in the evening when the Bible study session ended.
Tony, thank you for coming, Brother Ben told him as he shook his hand.
Tony nodded with a forced smile. Day-off ko kasi kapag Saturday. Walang masyadong ginagawa
(Its my day-off on Saturdays. Theres not much to do....)
Kaya dapat, every Saturday kang narito, Daniel told him.
(Thats why you should join us every Saturday.)
Tony smiled. The guys conversed as the girls prepared merienda (refreshments).
After the snack, Tony was the first to bid the group goodbye. Wilfredo Agnir and Florentino Africa followed.
Daniel and Rose were the last to bid Brother Ben goodbye.
Okay! Happy trip ulit sa yo, Rose, Brother Ben said. Sumulat ka ha. Let us know what we can pray for you.
(Okay! Have a happy trip, Rose, And dont forget to write us.)
Thank you, Brother Ben. Ill do that, Rose replied.
Sige, Brother Ben. See you tomorrow and on Saturday, Daniel said.
(Well be going ahead,)
Sige, take care! The two went down the street.
(Go ahead,)
When Brother Ben was already by himself, he went down on his knees and thanked the Lord for those who came to the Bible study. Thank you God, for these people who came here to listen to Your word. Please take care of them and encourage them to grow in their faith. I pray that in Your appointed time, You will send all of them to be Your missionaries to the nations. That is also my request for myself. Help us to obey You in all things. Especially in the preaching of Your Gospel, here in our country, and to other countries in the world. Amen.
As he prayed, he could feel the peace of God in his heart and mind which is beyond human understanding.



Back to Table of Contents


CHAPTER 
3


July 7, 1990, Thursday. It was afternoon in Hong Kong. Rose looked at the scenery from the sala of their flat located in the 36th floor of Tung Sing House in Aplie Chau Estate, Aberdeen. It is near the Jumbo Floating Restaurants.
The scenery was subdued and tranquil: a vast sea, brown mountains, and a retreating sun.
She felt melancholic at the thought of the loved ones she again left behind.
Her mother, her brother, and most especially, her sister Tina. And Daniel how she missed them.
Two days ago, she was still in Baguio. The pine trees. The fresh air. The cool weather. She longed for these. And Daniel

.  .  .

It was at the Pantranco bus station in Baguio, around six oclock last Thursday morning, where Daniel and she parted. 
He wanted to accompany her to Manila, but she refused.
Huwag na ayaw kong ma-miss mo ang mga classes mo. Graduating ka pa naman, she told him.
(Dont bother I dont want you to miss your classes. Youre about to graduate this term,)
Daniel was insistent, but she wouldnt budge. Its not practical, she said. Look, you will be travelling with me for six to seven hours to the airport. Then, you will come back to Baguio in the evening. Thats another six to seven hour ride. You will be too tired. Baka magkasakit ka pa, she said. Just fetch me in the house at five oclock in the morning, and bring me to Pantranco.
(You might even get sick,)
Daniel finally yielded. He was in their house five minutes after four in the morning.
Maaga ka yata, she said.
(Youre early,)
I want to spend some more time with you.
She served him coffee and sliced bread with peanut butter.
Roses mother asked him whether he wanted a full breakfast. She could prepare fried rice, pork and beans, and fried egg.
Huwag na po, Nanay. Tama na po itong kape at tinapay, he said. He already called Roses mother Nanay.
(No need, Mama. This coffee and bread is enough. In the Philippines, if a man was to call his girlfriends mother Mama or Mother, he was already signifying strong intentions of marrying her.)
After they took a light breakfast, Daniel asked Rose if she wanted to have morning devotion together with her family.
Yes, she replied.
It was Daniel who read the 10th  chapter of the Gospel of John, from verse 1 to 15. Jesus said in these verses that He was the Good Shepherd, and He would lay down His life to protect and save His sheep.
He asked them to pray after expounding on the verses.
Lets pray for the Lords protection for Rose as she travels to Hong Kong.
Yes, lets pray for her, Roses mother said.
It was Daniel who prayed first. Our heavenly Father, we ask this morning for your protection for Rose on her way to Manila and in her flight to Hong Kong. You have always been our Protector and we ask You to keep her safe from harm. Thank You for Your assurance, that when we ask anything in line with Your will, You will grant our request. We know that as our heavenly Father, You delight in protecting Your children. For You are merciful and kind. And You are also powerful. You can do anything. Theres no limit to Your power. Please protect her from harms way. Please help her also in her work in Hong Kong. Make her days there fruitful. Make her an effective witness to her peers and to our countrymen there. In Christs Name, we pray, Amen.
Roses mother prayed next. Our heavenly Father, I pray for the safe trip of my daughter to Manila and to Hong Kong. Please bring her safely to her destination. Help her Lord in her work and give her friends who can help and encourage her from day-to-day. Help her to serve her employers well. And give her good health during her stay there. Thank You Lord for being our Guide and Protector every day of our lives. Amen.
It was Roses turn to pray. Lord, I thank You for Your love for us. Thank You for Your promise that You will never leave us nor forsake us. You have always been our Protector and Deliverer and we thank You for Your love. I pray for my mother that You will help her each day. Give her good health Lord, and a long life. I also pray for Daniel, that You will give him good health each day, and protect him always. Help him in everything that he does. And guide him, always. Show him everyday how kind You are. For You are a merciful God who loves us always. I pray this in the name of Jesus Christ, our Savior and Lord, Amen.
Tina prayed for her sister. Lord, please protect Ate Rose in her trip to Hong Kong. Please help her in her work. I pray, in Jesus name, Amen. Boy prayed for his sister too.

.  .  .

After they prayed, Roses mother urged the two to get ready. She took Roses brown travelling bag. Daniel offered to carry it instead.
Ako na po, Nanay. Medyo mabigat yan, he said.
(Let me do it, Mother. Thats quite heavy,)
Roses mother thanked Daniel for his thoughtfulness. 
It was Roses brother, Boy, who saw a taxi coming as they walked to the street. He waved at the taxi driver to stop. Daniel asked the taxi driver to open the trunk so he could place the luggage of Rose.
Dalhin nyo po kami sa Pantranco bus station, Rose told the driver.
(Please bring us to the Pantranco bus station,)
Whie the taxi was rolling on the road, the driver curiously asked them, Saan pong byahe nyo?
(Where are you travelling to?)
It was Rose who replied, Sa Hong Kong po. Ako lang po ang mag-byabyahe.
(To Hong Kong, sir. And Im the only one travelling.)
Ang misis ko po, nandoon din, the driver said.
(My wifes also in Hong Kong.)
Ano pong pangalan ng misis nyo? Rose curiously asked.
(Whats the name of your wife?)
Consuelo Abad po. Ako naman po si Alejandro Abad.
(Consuelo Abad. Im Alejandro Abad.)
Her eyes shone. Si Aling Consuelo, asawa ninyo? Kilala ko po sya! Ka-grupo namin sya!
(Aling Consuelo is your wife? I know her. Shes one of the members of the group Im part of.)
The driver was excited. Ha, paano kayo nag-kakilala ng asawa ko?
(Really? How did you get to know my wife?)
Eh, kasi po, sa Hong Kong, grupo-grupo ang mga Filipino kapag day-off nila. May grupo ng mga Ilokana, Kapampangan, Ilongga, Cebuano, Waray! Ganoon po. May  grupo  po kaming mga taga-Baguio roon! Barkada po namin ang misis nyo, si Aling Consuelo. Mabait po sya!!!
(In Hong Kong, Filipinos stay in groups during their days-off. There are Ilocanas, Kapampangans, Ilonggas, Cebuanos, Warays! Thats how it is. Even we who are from Baguio have our own group! And Aling Consuelo happened to be a member. Thats how I met her. Shes very kind!!!)
The driver smiled. Tingnan mo nga naman, ano? Small world!
(Imagine that. Isnt it a small world?)
Baka may bilin po kayo sa kanya?
(Would you like to relay anything to her?)
Ikumusta nyo na lang po ako. Pakisabi po na okay naman kami. Maayos naman ang mga bata, kaya lang nami-miss namin sya.
(Just give her my best regards. Tell her that I and the kids are okay. We just miss her so much.)
Bayaan po nyot sasabihin ko, Rose said. Ano nga po pala ulit ang pangalan nyo?
(Dont worry, Ill tell her. Sorry, but what was your name again?)
Alejandro po Alejandro Felix Abad, the taxi driver replied. Anding po ang palayaw ko.
(Alejandro Alejandro Felix Abad. Anding is my nickname.)
They reached the Pantranco station after a few minutes. It was 5:51 on Roses watch.
Ito po ang bayad, Rose said, handing him a twenty peso bill.
(Heres the payment,)
Naku, wag na! Okay na yun! the taxi driver refused to accept payment.
(Oh no, please dont! Thats on me!)
Nakakahiya po sa inyo. Sige na po, Rose was insistent.
(Feeling embarrassed, she said Please take it.)
Hindi, okay lang! Wag na. Maliit na halaga lang yon. Nagpapasalamat nga ako sa Diyos at naisakay kita nang maikumusta mo naman kami kay Consuelo.
(No, really, its ok! Please. That was only a small amount. Im even thankful that the Lord allowed you to be my customer so that I could send my greetings to Consuelo.)
Rose was thankful to the driver for his kindness. She assured him that she would talk to Consuelo about the chanced meeting.
Sa Linggo poy magkikita kami ni Aling Consuelo. Siguradong magkakabalitaan po kami, she told the driver, appreciative, her face full of gaiety.
(Ill be able to meet Aling Consuelo on Sunday. Im sure shed be glad to hear about you,)
The driver later drove away, waiving his left hand.
Salamat sa Diyos at nakakuha agad tayo ng taxi, Roses mother said.
(Thank the Lord, we we able to get a taxi immediately,)
Oo nga po, Inay. At kakilala pa ng ate ang asawa nya, Tina said in addition.
(Yes, Mama. And big Sister even got to know the drivers wife is her friend in Hong Kong.)
Ate, mag-iingat ka, ha? Boy reminded her.
(Big Sister, take care, okay?)
Rose nodded, looking at her brother with a glimpse of sadness. Then she turned to her mother.
Inay, mag-iingat po kayo. Yung health nyo po, wag nyong pababayaan.
(Ma, take care of yourself. Dont neglect your health.)
Then, she told her brother and her sister, Boy, Tina, wag nyong pababayaan si Inay, ha! Alagaan nyo syang mabuti.
(Boy, Tina, dont forget to watch over Mama, okay? Take good care of her.)
The two nodded.
Tina reminded her about the Sony Walkman she wanted her to buy.
Oo, bayaan mot ibibili kita, Rose replied. Daniel was content to listen to their conversation. He could understand the feeling of Roses family over her departure, for he felt it too.
(Yes, dont worry, Ill buy that for you.)
Rose turned to him this time. She gave a loving look. Her smile was forced, sad, brave.
Take care, she said.
You, too, Daniel answered.
Write me, will you?
Daniel nodded. Then, he accompanied her into the bus.
After putting her luggage in the compartment above her seat, he bid her good-bye.
Daniel, thanks, she said, looking at his eyes.
He kissed her cheeks, and he immediately walked towards the bus door, not wanting to see her sad look up close.



Back to Table of Contents


CHAPTER 
4


It was two oclock in the afternoon on Sunday when Rose met her group near the Metro Rail Transit (MTR) exit, beside the Prince Building.
She attended the morning service in the International Christian Fellowship in Wan Chai, and had lunch with her friends from the church later.
After lunch, she took a tram from Wan Chai to Central.
Thousands of Filipina workers gather in Central on Sundays.
Kumusta ang bakasyon? Cora Fajardo asked Rose. Cora is from Camp 3, along Kennon Road.
(How was your vacation?)
Okay! Enjoy! Rose replied, her smile overflowing.
(It was okay! I enjoyed it!)
Natural! Nandoon ba naman ang inspiration nya, eh! Cynthia Agunod teased her. Cynthia is also from Baguio City.
(Naturally! She was with her source of inspiration (boyfriend)!)
Siyanga pala, nasaan si Aling Consuelo? Rose wondered.
(By the way, have you seen Aling Consuelo?)
Pumunta sya dyan sa Post Office. May kamag-anak daw siyang taga-Moncada, Tarlac dito sa Hong Kong. Pinuntahan lang nya sandali, Angelina Sto. Tomas replied. Mamaya lang, nandito na ulit yun! At bakit ba? Nandito naman kami. Sya lang ang hinahanap mo. Magseselos kami nyan!
(She went to the Post Office. She has a relative from Moncada, Tarlac who is here in Hong Kong. Shell just meet that person for a few minutes. Id bet shed be back in a short while. And why are you looking for her when we are already here. We might become jealous!)
Kasi yung driver ng taxi na sinakyan namin mula sa Teachers Camp hanggang Pantranco ay asawa nya! Hindi na nga kami siningil sa pamasahe, e. Ang sabi nya, ikumusta ko na lang daw silang mag-ama kay Aling Consuelo.
(The driver of the taxi we took from Teachers Camp to Pantranco was her husband. He didnt even charge us for the fare. He said that his only request was that I give his and his childrens regards to Aling Consuelo.)
Ilan ba ang anak ni Aling Consuelo? Daisy Ambrosio enquired.
(How many children does Aling Consuelo have?)
Apat yata. Grade One na ang bunso, Rose replied.
(About four, I think. The youngest is in the first grade,)
Kumusta naman ang family mo? Antonia Mortiz asked her. Antonia came from Sison, Pangasinan.
(How is your family, Rose?)
Okay naman sila sa awa ng Diyos. Nami-miss ko na nga sila ulit, eh.
(By Gods grace, they are okay. I already miss them.)
Ay! Talagang ganyan! Kaya kung minsan, and hirap ding umuuwi. Mabuti pa yung hindi mo sila nakikita, hindi mo sila nami-miss, Coritha San Juan commented.
(Aw! Lifes really like that! Sometimes, its difficult to go back to the Philippines. It may be better if you dont see your family, that way, you wont miss them,)
Eh, kumusta naman si Tita Cory? Anita Gonzales asked Rose with a bit of sarcasm. She had been critical of the Aquino administration for what she termed as congenital ineptness of President Aquino.
(And how is President Aquino doing?)
Ayun! Marami pa ring problema! Tumatanda na dahil sa problema! Rose replied.
(She still has many problems to deal with. I think the problems are making her age faster!)
Ayaw pa kasing mag-resign, eh! Hindi na nga nya kaya, ipinipilit pa ang sarili! Coritha San Juan stressed.
(And why wont she just resign! She knows she cant handle the responsibilities, and yet she continues to hold on to the position.)
Tuloy, patuloy na naghihirap tayong mga Pilipino dahil sa incompetent sya. Malas talaga ang Aquino administration. Anim na coup d'tat, energy shortage, baha, graft and corruption, drought sa Mindanao, failed ceasefire, halos lahat ng problema ay dumating sa Pilipino mula nang maging Presidente sya. Lindol na lang yata ang hindi pa dumarating ngayon sa Pilipinas! Anita Gonzales remarked.
(Thats why our hardships as Filipinos never cease, because of her incompetence. The Aquino administration seems to be beset with misfortune. Six coup d'tats, energy shortage, floods, graft and corruption, drought in Mindanao, failed ceasefires, almost all kinds of problems have plagued Filipinos since she became President. Seems like the only disaster that the Philippines hasnt experienced recently is an earthquake!)
Hay, naku! Sana namay wag lumindo sa Pilipinas na kagaya ng nangyari sa Iran kamakailan. Kung mangyari sa atin ang lindol, lalong kaawa-awa ang ating bansa.
(Oh! No! I hope that the Philippines doesnt go through an earthquake like what happened to Iran recently. Id hate to see something like that happen in the Philippines making the situation there more miserable.)
Sana namay wag mangyari ang ganun, Rose said.
(I hope nothing like that happens.)
Nakakaawa ang mga biktima ng lindol sa Iran. Mga bata, matatanda May ipinakita pa sa TV na babaeing naputulan ng ulo dahil nabagsakan ng bubungan. Nakakatakot! Coritha San Juan said.
(Yould really feel sorry for the victims of the Iran earthquake. Young and old the television even showed a lady who was decapitated because the roof literally fell on her head. It was really shocking!)
Sana naman, maghanda ang ating gobyerno para sa mga calamities, lalung-lalo nat madalas mangyari ang mga natural calamities sa Pilipinas, Linda Gallego stressed.
(I hope our government prepares for these types of calamities since these occur frequently in the Philippines.)
Hay, naku! Linda, ang Aquino administration, hindi iniisip yan! Anita Gonzales remarked.
(Oh, Linda! The Aquino administration doesnt think about those things!)
Ikaw naman! Masyado mo namang dini-degrade ang Aquino government! Balsy Mendoza commented.
(Oh, cmon! You always degrade the Aquino government!)
Talaga namang incompetent, eh! Basura nga sa Metro Manila, hindi nya ma-solve, mag-prepepare pa sa natural calamities! Coritha sided with Anita. Sumulat ang kapatid kong estudyante sa Far Eastern University (FEU) na grabe na raw ang basura sa Metro Manila. Ang baho raw ng Manila!
(Theyre really incompetent! The garbage problem in Metro Manila is still unsolved until now, and you expect them to be prepared for natural calamities? My younger brother, a student in Far Eastern University, said that theres a tremendous amount of garbage in Metro Manila! He said Manila stinks!)
Hindi naman trabaho ni Presidente Aquino yun, eh! Balsy Mendoza quipped. Trabaho yun ng Metro Manila mayors.
(But thats not part of President Aquinos responsibilities! Thats the job of the mayors in Metro Manila.)
Pero sya ang Pangulo. Karamihan sa mga Metro Manila mayors ngayon ay suportado nya noong local election. Bakit hindi nya gamitin ang leadership nya sa mga mayors? Anita asked.
(But shes the President. She was the one who supported majority of the Metro Manila mayors now holding their positions when they were still running during the local elections. Why doesnt she exhibit her leadership among the mayors?)
Yun na nga ang problema nya! Leadership! Coritha quipped. Incompetent ang leadership nya. Pabasa-basa lang sya ng mga speeches. Pupunta-punta sa ibang bansa para umutang! Coritha remarked.
(Thats the problem! Leadership! She lacks leadership!)
Ayaw pa kasing mag-resign, eh! Pinapaikot-ikot lang sya ng mga political advisers nya. At saka yang reconciliation na matagal na nyang sinasabi  sya ang source ng hindi pagkakasundo. Mapaghiganti sya! Kung katulad sana nya si President Violeta Chamorro ng Nicaragua na pinapatawad nya yung mga pumatay sa asawa nya, kaso, hindi! Higanti rito, higanti roon! Kaya lalong gumugulo sa Pilipinas! Ang pinapatawad nya, yung mga leaders ng mga Komunista na ang daming pinapatay sa atin. Nasaan ngayon si Jose Maria Sison na pinalaya nya? Nasa Netherlands! Nangangalap uli ng salapi upang ipambili ng mga armas na gagamiting ng mga NPA na pang-patay sa mga libu-libo pa nating kababayan! Anita said.
(And she wont resign! Shes being manipulated by her political advisers. And on the on-going issue of reconciliation  shes the reason for the lack of consensus. She wants revenge. I wish she were more like President Violeta Chamorro of Nicaragua, who forgave those who killed her husband, but she isnt. Aquino would rather forgive the communist leaders who have killed many of our Filipino countrymen. Where is Jose Maria Sison whom she pardoned? In the Netherlands, accumulating money for arms that the NPAs will use to kill thousands of our countrymen!)
Mabuti pa si Sison, pinatawad nya. Ilang libo ang pinapatay nyan? Hindi ba, ang sabi ni Victor Corpuz na dating kasamahan nya, si Jose Ma. Sison, at hindi si Marcos, ang nagpa-bomba sa Plaza Miranda? Bakit pinalaya sya ni Cory? Galit sya kay Laurel na Vice-President nya, galit sya kay Honasan, galit sya kay Enrile, galit sya kay Adaza! Eh, kung wala ang mga yon, naging Presidente naman kaya sya? Ayaw nyang makipag-reconcile sa kanila, samantalang sa mga Komunista ay nakikipag-reconcile sya! Anong klaseng Presidente yun? Coritha commented.
(Sison is lucky that she gave him amnesty. Didnt that man ordered thousands to be killed? Didnt Sisons comrade, Victor Corpuz, admit that is was Jose Ma. Sison, and not Marcos, who ordered the bombing of Plaza Miranda. Why did Cory set him free. Shes angry with Laurel, her Vice President, with Honasan, with Enrile, with Adaza! But if it were not for these men, would she have become President? Shed rather reconcile with the communists than with them. What kind of President is that?)
Si Enrile at Laurel naman kasi, kumampi kay Honasan sa coup. Gusto nilang pabagsakin ang gobyerno ni Cory, Balsy reasoned out.
(Enrile and Laurel sided with Honasan during the coup attempt. They wanted the downfall of Corys government.)
At si Sison? Hindi ba sya ang leader ng Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) na gusto ring pabagsakin ang ating gobyerno? Coritha asked Balsy. The latter was speechless.
(And Sison? Is he any different? Isnt he the leader of the Communist Party of the Philippines who also wants the downfall of our government?)
Bakit ba naiinis ka kay Cory? Rose asked.
(Why are you disgusted with Cory?)
At sino naman ang matutuwa sa kanya? Look! Nung nagkakampanya sya noong snap elections, hindi ba sabi nya, she would be the exact opposite of Marcos? Sinabi nya yan. Natatandaan ko yan! Si Marcos daw, kesyo marami syang cronies. Si Marcos daw, he encouraged political nepotism. Ang Marcos regime daw, punong-puno ng graft and corruption. Eh, sya ngayon? Hindi ba ang dami rin nyang cronies  si Jose Concepcion, si Bengzon, si Estanislao, at marami pang iba. Hindi ba ang yayaman ng mga yan ngayong nasa gobyerno sila? Political nepotism? Eh, hindi ba ang mga pamilya nya ngayon ang nasa power? Si Bong Bong at si Imee ay nagkandidato sa local election. Si Cory? Hindi ba ang kapatid nyang si Peping Cojuangco ay Congressman ngayon, at ang hipag nyang si Tessie Aquino-Oreta ay Congresswoman din? Hindi ba Congressman din ang uncle niyang si Francisco Sumulong? At ang bayaw niyang si Boots Aquino ay Senator? Hindi ba very clear na greedy for political power din ang pamilya niya tulad ni Marcos. At graft and corruption? Naku! Napakaraming magnanakaw ngayon sa Aquino administration! Mas marami pa ngayon kaysa noong panahon ni Marcos! Anita was furious.
(You want me to be happy for her with the way things are? Look! When she campaigned during the snap elections, didnt she say she would be the exact opposite of Marcos? She said that. I remember it well! She alleged that Marcos had a lot of cronies, that he encouraged political nepotism, that his regime was full of graft and corruption. How is she any different? Doesnt she have Jose Concepcion, Bengzon, Estanislao and many more fore her cronies. Arent these people becoming rich now that they are in the government? Political Nepotism? Bong Bong and Imee Marcos may have ran for office during the last local elections. But arent many of Aquinos family members currently holding powerful positions in government? Isnt her brother, Peping Cojuangco a congressman, her sister-in-law, Tessie Aquino-Oreta, a congresswoman, her uncle, Francisco Sumulong, a congressman also, and her brother-in-law, Boots Aquino, a senator? Isnt it clear that her family is also greedy for political power like the family of Marcos? And graft and corruption? Cmon. There are more thieves and crooks in Aquinos government than during Marcos time!)
Marcos loyalist ka naman yatang tulad ni Coritha kaya ka naiinis kay Cory, eh! Balsy teased.
(I think youre a Marcos loyalist like Coritha which is why you are disgusted with Cory!)
Hay, Balsy! Hindi ako Marcos loyalist! Katunayan, si Cory ang ibinoto ko noong snap election! revealed Anita.
(Oh, Balsy! Im not a Marcos loyalist! In fact, I voted for Cory during the snap elections!)
Yun naman pala, eh! Bumoto ka naman pala kay Cory! Tapos, ngayon, naiinis ka sa kanya? Balsy quipped.
(If thats the case, then you supported her! Arent you partially responsible for putting her in power? Why should you be offended with her now?)
Kaya nga ako naiinis, dahil naloko nya ako katulad ng iba pa nating kababayan. Nagpadala tayo sa mga pangakong napako! Anita explained.
(Thats the reason why Im offended, because she was able to fool me just like the rest of our countrymen. We were swayed by promises that were broken!)
Hindi naman sya siguro manloloko. Siguro, talagang incompetent lang. Napapaikot sya ng mga political advisers nya. Yung mga yon ang talagang manloloko! Rose remarked.
(She may not be dishonest. Perhaps, just unskilled. Her political advisers can easily manipulate her. Those are the ones who are really dishonest!)
Rose! Dumarating na si Aling Consuelo. May kasama sya! Linda Gallego said.
(Rose! Here comes Aling Consuelo. Theres someone with her!)
Aling Consuelo was excited to see Rose. Rose was the closest to her among the members of the group.
Rose! Aling Consuelo shouted as she ran to her, then hugging ang kissing her like her own daughter. Rose was touched by her warmth and care.
She had been like a mother to her, advising her whenever she had problems.
Kelan ka dumating? Tumaba ka yata? Nawala na ba yung mga problema? Siguro, enjoy ka sa Baguio, ano? Aling Consuelo asked in rapid succession.
(When did you arrive? Youve gained weight, havent you? Have you been able to resolve your problems? Baguio was probably enjoyable, wasnt it?)
Rose could only smile. She didnt know which question to answer first.
Kumusta ka na? Aling Consuelo asked.
(So how are you?)
Rose could finally reply, Mabuti po, Aling Consuelo. Kayo po?
(Im fine, Aling Consuelo. And you?)
Okay naman! Happy as usual! Hindi ko pinapansin yang mga problema at baka lalo akong tumanda! she said, giggling.
(Im okay! Happy as usual! I dont pay too much attention to problems since I might end up getting older!)
Aling Consuelo, na-meet ko po ang asawa nyo, si Mang Alejandro, Rose said.
(Aling Consuelo, I was able to meet your husband, Mang Alejandro,)
Ha! Saan mo sya na-meet? Aling Consuelo was surprised.
(Really! Where did you meet him?)
Sa Baguio po. Yung taxi na sinakyan namin, sya ang nagda-drive.
(In Baguio. He was the driver of the taxi we rode in.)
Kumusta naman sya? Yung mga anak namin?
(How is he? And how are our kids?)
Ayon po sa kanya, okay naman silang lahat. Kaya lang, nami-miss po nila kayo.
(According to him, they are all okay. But they miss you.)
Aling Consuelo suddenly turned sad. After a while, she said: Ako rin, nami-miss ko rin sila. Kung hindi nga lang namin kailangan ang pera, gusto ko na ring umuwi. Gusto ko kasing matapos ang bahay na ipinapagawa namin bago ako magfor-good1.
(I also miss them. If we didnt need the money, Id already go home. But I want the construction of our house to be finished before I return to the Philippines permanently.)
(1 An expression among Filipino workers abroad, meaning to go home permanently.)
Rose was silent. Even though she was single, she could understand the feeling of a mother who had been away from home for four years.
Syanga pala, muntik ko nang malimutang ipakilala and kasama ko, Aling Consuelo told Rose, her face shining again. Sya si Evelyn Marquez, taga-Tarlac. May sasabihin sya sa atin.
(By the way, I almost forgot to introduce my friend, This is Evelyn Marquez, from Tarlac. Theres something shed like to share with us.)
Hi! Im Rose Afable, also from Baguio City like Aling Consuelo.
Hello! Evelyn shook her hand.
Each member of the group introduced herself. Taga-Tarlac ka pala. Kay Cory ka? Anita Gonzales asked.
(So youre from Tarlac. Are you a supporter of Cory (Aquino)?)
Evelyn smiled.
Cory yan! Wag kang magsasalita laban kay Cory ngayon, Anita. Tahimik ka lang Antonia Mortiz kidded.
(I bet she is. So you cant bad-mouth Cory, Anita. You better keep your mouth shut)
Ay! Wag yang politika ang pag-usapan natin, kundi ang kabutihan nating mga overseas workers. May sasabihin sa atin si Evelyn tungkol dyan, Aling Consuelo remarked.
(Hey! Lets talk about something else besides politics. Why not talk about our welfare as overseas workers. Evelyn has something to share with regards to that,)
Ano ba yun? Anita asked.
(Whats it about?)
Tungkol ito sa Overseas Workers Welfare Fund, Evelyn said. Alam ba ninyong bawat Filipino overseas worker ay nagbabayad ng US $125 sa Overseas Workers Welfare Administration (OWWA). Dito sa Hong Kong, merong 50,000 Filipinos ngayon.2 Sa mga Middle East countries  Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Jordan, Iraq, Egypt, Oman at iba pa  ay mahighit na isang milyong Filipino na ang nagtratrabaho roon. Bukod pa rito, marami pang Filipino ang nag-tartrabaho sa Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea at iba pang bansa sa Asya. At gayundin sa Europe, lalung-lalo na sa Italy. Bawat isa sa ating mga overseas workers ay nagbayad ng US $125 bago tayo pinayagang lumabas sa ating bansa. Ang aming layunin ay hilingin sa ating pamahalaan na gugulin ang accumulated Overseas Workers Welfare Fund para sa kapakanan ng mga overseas workers. Hindi naman siguro kaila sa atin ang mahirap na sitwasyon nating mga overseas workers, lalung-lalo na yung mga nati-terminate dito sa Hong Kong.
(Its about the Overseas Workers Welfare Fund, Did you know that each Filipino overseas worker pays US $125 to the Overseas Workers Welfare Administration (OWWA). In Hong Kong, there are currently about 50,000 Filipinos. In the Middle East countries  Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Jordan, Iraq, Egypt, Oman etc.  there are more than a million Filipinos working there. Aside from that, many Filipinos are working in Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea and other countries in Asia. The same goes for Europe, especially in Italy. Each one of us overseas workers paid US $ 125 in order to be allowed to leave our country. Our goal is to ask the government to spend the accumulated Overseas Workers Welfare Fund for the benefit of overseas workers. Youre well acquainted with the difficult situation we overseas workers face, especially those terminated here in Hong Kong.)
(2 64,400 Filipinos as of December 1990)
Magkano ba yang Overseas Workers Welfare Fund na yan? Coritha San Juan asked.
(How much money has accumulated in the Overseas Workers Welfare Fund?)
Ang estimate namin ay may minimum na 700,000,000 pesos ayon na rin sa pakikipag-usap ng aming mga kasamahan sa ating mga consulate officials. Each overseas worker contributed US $125. Ipagpalagay na nating US $1 is equal to 20 pesos, at ang exchange rate na ito ay panahon pa ni Marcos. Kung ganoon, bawat isa sa ating mga overseas workers ay nag-contribute ng 2,500 pesos sa Overseas Workers Welfare Fund, Evelyn said.
(The estimate we have is about 700 million pesos minimum, based on our talks with our colleagues among consulate officials. Each overseas workers contributed U.S. $ 125. Lets assume that U.S. $ 1 is equal to 20 pesos, the exchange rate since the time of Marcos. If so, each of our overseas workers contributed 2,500 pesos in the Overseas Workers' Welfare Fund,)
Saan naman ginagasta ang fund na yan. Ni wala namang naitutulong sa mga domestic helpers (DH) yang OWWA na yan. May mga kilala akong DH na one week pa lang, o one month pa lang, tinerminate na ng employer. Humingi ng tulong sa OWWA, hindi naman tinulungan at karamihan sa mga nati-terminate na DH, sa mga kaibigan na lang nakikitulog. Wala silang pera, Linda Gallego said.
(What are they spending the fund on? OWWA has hardly been able to help domestic helpers. I know domestic helpers who, after a week, or after a month, were terminated by their employer. They asked for assistance from the OWWA, but received none. Many of those terminated had to sleep in the homes of their friends. They had no more money,)
Yung kilala ko nga, inabuso ng amo. Pagkatapos ng ilang buwan, pinalayas. Ala-una pa naman ng gabi pinalayas. Dyan nagpalipas ng gabi sa Star Ferry. Walang matulugan, Antonia Mortiz said.
(I know someone who was abused by her employer. After a few months, she was thrown out into the streets. And that was at 1 a.m. in the morning. She spent the rest of the hours at the Star Ferry. There was no place for her to go, none to sleep at,)
May kaibigan din ako, two weeks pa lang sa employer, pinagmalupitan na. Pinagbintangang nagnakaw ng tissue paper. Tissue paper, ha! Ang sabi nya sa akin, gumasta ako ng 25,000 pesos sa recruitment agency upang makapagtrabaho rito sa Hong Kong. Sisirain ko ba ang record ko dahil lang sa isang tissue paper?3 Oo nga naman! Ganyan kababa ang tingin nila sa ating mga DH sa Hong Kong. Ngayon, nagpatulong sya sa OWWA. Natulungan ba sya? Hindi! Cynthia Agunod said.
(I also have a friend, who has only been with the employer for two weeks, but was being subjected to cruelty. She was accused of stealing tissue paper. For crying out loud, tissue paper! She told me she spent 25,000 pesos as payment in a recruitment agency just to work here in Hong Kong. Would she jeopardize her employment record for a piece of tissue paper? Yes, I think she would! Cmon! Thats how low we domestic helpers are looked down upon here in Hong Kong. She asked for help from the OWWA. Did she receive any help? No, none at all!)
(3 The author was able to inverview the Filipina who was accused of stealing tissue paper. She vehemently denied, in tears, the accusation.)
Baka naman ang perang yan ay kinu-kurakot lang ng kung sinu-sino?
(Perhaps that money is being pocketed by those in power.)
Yung nga po ang dahilan kung kaya kailangang magtulungan tayo upang ang mga contributions na yan ng mga overseas workers ay magamit para sa mga overseas workers ay magamit para sa mga overseas workers talaga, at hindi para sa bulsa at kapritso ng mga nag-mamanage dito, Evelyn said.
(Thats the reason why we need to help each other so that the contributions are really used for overseas workers, and not for the pockets and whims of those who manage it.)
Evelyn explained what she and her group wanted to accomplish.
We should organize a lobby movement! This movement will then write Senators and Congressmen to prod them to pass a law which will authorize Philippine embassies, consulates and delegations to spend the accumulated Overseas Workers Welfare Fund being collected from us for the following purposes: hiring a local law firm that will defend Filipino workers being abused, exploited or oppressed by their employers; renting lodging places where Filipino workers terminated from their jobs can sleep or stay; assisting terminated and distressed Filipino workers financially and granting an accident insurance of at least 200,000 pesos for every Filipino worker abroad. We need this insurance badly. Some workers have only HK $5,000 accident insurance given by their employers, while others dont have any at all. Last year, two Filipina workers were ran over by a bus here in Central. You know that both of them died. We dont know if they had insurance or not. And even if they did have the HK $5,000 given by their employers, what is that amount? Its so little. Baka kulang pang pamburol,4 Evelyn said.
(4 It might not even be enough for the funeral.)
Evelyn dispelled any of the group members doubt as to the nature of their movement.
We are not a communist front. In fact, we condemn communist front organizations exploiting Filipino workers for their propaganda and fund-raising purposes. This project is non-political. It requires self-lessness and sacrifice from those who are involved in it. Last June 3, one of our members ran the distance from Chai Wan to Central, which is approximately 20 kilometers, to attract the Filipinos attention and encourage them to support this cause. We have been spending our own money for this project, but this project will not succeed without the cooperation of the majority of Filipino workers abroad, Evelyn explained.
What can we do to help? Balsy Mendoza asked.
We have printed postcard-letters for all Senators and Congressmen since we dont expect you to be composing letters. We have used our funds for operationa purposes. These postcard-letters are for free. We are not selling them, Evelyn said.
About 50,000 Filipinos are here in Hong Kong. Even if you print only 20,000 post-card letters, you would still end up speding a big amount for these. We want to contribute also because this project is for all Filipino overseas workers, Cynthia Agunod said.
We have agreed not to accept contributions, lest we be misunderstood. If you wish to help in our operational expenses, we are selling cloth butterflies to finance the project. If you buy one, a Certificate of Recognition will be given to you. This certificate is for free, Evelyn said.
Magkano naman iyang butterfly? Cora Fajardo asked.
(How much is one cloth butterfly?)
HK $10 lang, Evelyn replied.
(Only HK $10.)
Very cheap naman pala! Pang-Coke lang yan ni Balsy at Cynthia. Sige, tumulong tayo, Anita Gonzales said.
(Its very cheap! It only as expensive as a bottle of Coke that Balsy and Cynthia usually drink. Okay, lets help out,)
Oo nga naman, Rose responded. Ipakita natin na tayong mga Filipino sa Hong Kong ay mayroon ding pagkakaisa.
(Certainly. Lets show that we Filipinos in Hong Kong have unity.)
Roses group thanked Evelyn and her movement for the concern they have for their fellow Filipino workers.
Wala yun! Evelyn said. Sino pa bang magtutulungan kundi tayong mga Filipino na rin. Eh, kung tayong mga Filipino ay ayaw tumulong sa ating kapwa, wag nating hintayin ang mga Intsik, British, at Arabs na tulungan tayo.
(Dont mention it. Who else will help each other out except us Filipinos. If we cant even help our own countrymen, we cant expect aid from the Chinese, the British or the Arabs.)
Evelyn made her point. The group of Rose was reminded again of a lesson they had often taken for granted, like the rest of us, that no one could love the Filipinos better than the Filipinos themselves.



Back to Table of Contents


CHAPTER 
5


It was 4:05 in the afternoon of July 16, 1990, Monday when Daniel decided to visit Tony. Tony was absent in their Bible Study last Saturday, and Daniel thought it may be good to pay him a visit. After all, it was he who invited Tony to the Bible Study-Fellowship which was being held every Saturday. He ought to show his concern for the latter.
Although Tony had shown interest in the Bible Study sessions, Daniel knew that he had not yet made the decision of inviting Jesus Christ into his heart.

.  .  .

Brother Ben Cervantes was in a Pantranco bus to Manila that Monday afternoon. 
He would attend a seminar on missions sponsored by the Jesus is Lord Christian Fellowship the following day in Philamlife, Quezon City. The seminar would last for three days  Tuesday to Thursday.
After the seminar, he would visit his uncle, Colonel Tirso Martinez, Philippine Air Force (PAF), at Villamor Air Base.
Then, he would go back to Baguio City on Friday afternoon, July 20, for the Saturday Bible Study Fellowship.

.  .  .

Paciencia Pascual, the businesswoman who was a member of Brother Bens Bible Study group, was having a discussion with Ernesto Santos in the latters flower shop at the Baguio public market. They were talking about the possibility of putting up a Christian monthly digest for Baguio residents. This has been my vision for the past two years, at matagal ko nang ipinapanalangin to, she told Ernesto.
(This has been my vision for the past two years, and I have been praying about it for a long time.)
Kung talagang will ng Lord, ituloy mo, Ernesto said.
(If its the Lords will, then go for it.)
Tutulungan mo ba ako? she asked him.
(Are you willing to help me?)
Paano? Ernesto asked.
(How?)
Sa circulation. Malaki ang maitutulong mo sa distribution ng publication, she answered.
(With the digests circulation. You can help a great deal in the distribution of the publication,)
Eh, wala akong experience sa pagtitinda ng mga magazines o digests. Bulaklak ang mga itinitinda ko, Ernesto said.
(But I dont have any experience in selling magazines or digests. I only sell flowers,)
Pareho na rin yon. Marketing din. Kapag willing ka, magagamit ka ng Panginoon, she said.
(Its should be similar. Its still marketing. If you are willing, the Lord can use you.)

.  .  .

Grace Guillermo was still in Dagupan City that Monday afternoon. Dagupan was roughly 50 kilometers South West of Baguio.
She decided to go home last Saturday afternoon to get money from her parents for buying the books she needed in school. She also needs her allowance.
Her father, Mr. Franco Guillermo, had a bicycle shop along Torres Bugallon in Dagupan. He wanted Grace to study in the city so she could help him in the store.
But Grace wanted to study in Baguio so she could concentrate on her lessons. At the same time, she yearned for an environment like Baguios: cool, relatively clean, not so polluted, and beautiful. It was her mother who supported her desire to attain an education there.
Since she had only two classes on Monday, she decided to go back to Baguio at dawn on Tuesday. If she left Dagupan at 5:00 a.m. on Tuesday, she would be in Baguio before 7:30 a.m.

.  .  .

Arturo Bigornia, Emilio Lopez and Florentino Africa, all enrolled at the St. Louis University, had decided to go to Burnham Park for a stroll following their afternoon classes.
Mag-boating tayo! Arturo told his two companions.
(Lets go boating.)
Oo nga, maganda siguro mag-boating ngayon, Emilio said, supporting the recommendation.
(Yeah! Nows a good time to go boating.)
Wag na. Maglakad-lakad na lang tayo. Tingnan nyo ang langit. Madilim. Baka mamaya, biglang umulan, Florentino countered.
(No. Lets just take a stroll. Look at the sky. There are dark clouds. If might rain later on,)
He was right.
About ten minutes later, the rain began. There was a heavy downpour. The three were trapped inside a restaurant in the park.
The torrential shower was reduced to a drizzle at about 4:20 p.m.
Dito muna tayo. Umaambon pa, eh, Arturo said.
(Lets stay here for a while. Its still drizzling.)
Hindi ba nakakahiya. Kanina pa tayo rito, Florentino said.
(Arent we overextending our stay? Weve been here for a long time.)
Hindi naman siguro. Umuulan, eh, Arturo stated.
(I dont think so. Besides, its raining.)
Ang mabuti pa, magkape na lang tayo para walang masabi ang mga waitresses, Emilio said.
(Lets just order coffee so that the waitresses wont think were being rude.)
O, sige, Arturo replied.
(Okay.)
The three ordered coffee and sandwiches for snacks while waiting for the drizzle to completely stop.

.  .  .

Mario Vicente, a second year U.P. Baguio student, another member of the Bible Study Fellowship, was in Cabanatuan City that Monday, a location roughly 110 kilometers South East of Baguio.
Like Grace Guillermo, who was in Dagupan City that Monday afternoon, Mario was also unable to go back to Baguio. 
He went home to Cabanatuan City on July 14, Saturday, to get his allowance.
Unfortunately, he had a fever the following day. The doctor who treated him advised him to rest for two to three days before going back to Baguio.

.  .  .

Wilfredo Agnir was having a cup of brewed coffee in a caf just below the Baguio Cathedral that Monday afternoon.
He was thinking of his exam in a math subject two hours ago when a classmate at the Baguio Colleges Foundation approached him.
Willie! Nandito ka pala.
(Willie! So youre here.)
He turned to the person who just spoke to him. It was Imelda Brillantes, a friend.
Kanina ka pa ba rito? Imelda asked.
(Have you been here a while?)
Hindi naman Halika, join me, Willie said.
(Not really Why dont you join me?)
O, sige, Imelda replied. Pa-bantay lang nitong books ko, ha, at mag-oorder lang ako, Imelda answered.
(Okay. Can you watch my books? Ill just order,)
Okay! Sige, akong bahala sa things mo, Willie assured her.
(Okay! Dont worry about your things.)

.  .  .

At about 4:30 p.m., Daniel was at the lobby of the Hyatt Terraces Hotel.
He walked to the information booth, and asked whether Mr. Antonio de Guzman was in the hotel.
Just a moment, sir. Ill check whether hes around, the lady receptionist replied. She paged for Tony. He was in the hotels miny gym. 
The receptionist gave Daniel instructions on how to get there.
Thank you. I appreciate your help, he said.
Dont mention it, the lady receptionist replied.
It did not take long for Daniel to reach the mini gym. Tony was waiting for him there.
Hello, Daniel! Nice to see you! Tony greeted him.
Daniel smiled back, and warmly shook his hand.
What brings you here? Tony asked.
Just visiting, he shot back.
Im currently assigned in this area every afternoon, Tony said. The management tasked me with supervising the gym.
Good! Now I can come and exercise here, Daniel said.
Sure, youre welcome to pay me a visit, Tony said. By the way, hows the Bible Study group doing?
Fine! Fine! We have missed you! Join us every Saturday.
Ill try to make
Tony would not finish the statement. The building began to tremble.
Earthquake! Tony shouted.
Takbo tayo sa labas, Tony! Daniel exclaimed.
(Lets run outside, Tony!)
Dito na lang! Sa mesa! Sa ilalim ng mesa! Tony was nervous.
(Over here instead! The table! Get under the table!)
They took cover under a nearby table. It was then when the portion of the Hyatt Terraces Hotel, where the gym was located, suddenly crumbled.
There was a nearly simultaneous power outage.
Then, screams and wailings were heard in the darkness.

.  .  .

The driver of the Manila-bound Pantranco bus where Brother Ben Cervantes was in, felt something was wrong. The bus was cruising the MacArthur Highway stretch between Paniqui and Gerona, Tarlac, roughly 85 kilometers South of Baguio City.
Bakit kaya magalaw? he asked himself.
(Why is it shaky?)
Afraid that his bus might hit a passing car, he swerved it to the roadside and brought the bus to a halt.
Brother Cervantes wondered why the driver stopped the bus.
A woman at the rear seat of the bus shouted: Lindol! May lindol!
(Earthquake! Theres an earthquake!)
Oo nga! Gumagalaw ang mga poste ng kuryente! exclaimed the man beside her.
(Youre right! The electric posts are moving!)
Nagka-crack ang highway! Bumubuka ang lupa! another lady was hysterical. Diyos ko! Diyos ko! Tulungan mo po kami! Iligtas mo po kami!
(The highway is cracking! The earth is opening up! My God! My God! Help us! Save us!)
Brother Cervantes bowed his head and prayed for his safety, for that of the rest of the passengers, and for that of his family in Baguio City.
His wife Arlene, and their two-year old daughter Ruth, were left behind in Baguio.

.  .  .

Paciencia Pascual and Ernesto Santos were eating pizza in the latters shop when the earthquake occurred.
Pandemonium broke out in the market. People were running ang screaming, all terrified by the tremors.
Ang lakas! Paciencia told Ernesto.
(This is strong earthquake!)
The first tremor stopped.
There were a few seconds of stillness.
Then the second tremor, stronger this time, began.
Diyos ko! Diyos ko! Maawa ka po sa amin! Tulungan po nyo kami! Iligtas po nyo kami! a woman was on her knees, crying towards heaven.
(My God! My God! Have mercy on us! Help us! Save us!)
Bumagsak ang Baguio Park Hotel! Bumagsak ang Baguio Park Hotel! screamed a terrified man.
(Baguio Park Hotel collapsed! Baguio Park Hotel collapsed!)
Paciencia urged Ernesto to run with her to the street. Sa labas tayo, Ernie! Dali! she shouted.
(Lets move outside, Ernie! Quickly!)
They quickly ran out of the public market building, together with other terrified vendors.
The road was filled with people who came out from the buildings nearby.
Diyos ko! Diyos ko! Wag mo pong gunawin ang mundo! an old woman behind Paciencia and Ernesto said, crying.
(My God! My God! Please do not destroy the world!)
Ernie, manalangin tayo, urged Paciencia. She led him in praying the Lords prayer.
(Ernie, lets pray.)

.  .  .

In Dagupan City, Grace was talking to a buyer in their bicycle shop when her father screamed: Lindol! Lindol!
(Earthquake! Earthquake!)
He shouted for Grace to run to the road.
The buyer followed them, as horrified as they were.
Wala na! Tumigil na! Mr. Guillermo said.
(It has stopped!)
Then, the second tremor began.
Daddy, hayan na naman po! Grace exclaimed.
(Daddy, there it goes again!)
Bumubuka ang lupa! the buyer shouted, aghast.
(The earth is opening up!)
A violent explosion terrified thousands who flocked to the road.
Its the end of the world! Its the end of the world! Lord, forgive us! Lord, forgive us! a lady was crying.
This is Gods judgement! This is Gods judgement! a man kept saying.

.  .  .

Arturo Bigornia, Emilio Lopez and Florentino Africa had just finished their snack in the restaurant at Burnham Park when the earthquake struck.
Lindol! Lindol! a waitress screamed.
(Earthquake! Earthquake!)
The three quickly ran out of the restaurant to an open area.
Fear engulfed them when they saw the Baguio Park Hotel reduced to ruins.
Lets kneel and pray! Arturo urged the other two.
As the three knelt and prayed, they could hear horrifying screams from the people trapped in the rubbles of the Baguio Park Hotel.
Lord, forgive us! Lord, forgive us! Arturo exclaimed in prayer.
Lord, save our country! Please, save our country! Florentino appealed.
Emilio prayed silently. He thought it might be the end of the world.

.  .  .

Mario Vicente, then in Cabanatuan City, still nursing a fever, was shocked when the cabinet in his room crashed.
As their house shook, he realized it was an earthquake.
His mother, then in the kitchen, rushed to his room when she heard the noise created by the fallen cabinet.
Anak ko! she shouted, rushing to him, embracing her son.
(My son!)
Lets pray, Ma! Mario told his mother who was crying.
They had just begun praying when they heard a man shouting that the Christian College of the Philippines1 building collapsed.
(1 The Christian College of the Philippines was formerly known as Liwag College and is located in Cabanatuan City, Nueva Ecija.)
.  .  .

Wilfredo Agnir, then having coffee in a caf along Session Road, quickly rushed out after the first tremor. 
He was already on Session Road when the second tremor struck.
Wilfredo heard the sound made by a collapsing building. There were people crying and screaming on Session Road.
Cars and taxis stopped right on the middle of the road.
Wilfredo wondered if the Rapture had already occurred, and shuddered at the thought that if it had, he was left behind.
He could hear the bells toll. He thought it might be the bell of the Baguio Cathedral.
As the bell tolled, Wilfredo thought that thousands might die due to the earthquake. He bowed his head and prayed.



Back to Table of Contents


CHAPTER 
6


A powerful earthquake of tectonic1 origin measured at intensity 8 on the Richter Scale hit the island of Luzon in the Philippines at about 4:35 p.m. today! the male newscaster of the Far East Broadcasting Company (FEBC) in Hong Kong announced.
(1 According to plate tectonics theory, the surface of the earth consists of about 20 rigid plates that move slowly past one another. The motion of these plates squeezes and stretches rocks at the edges of the plates. If the force becomes too great, the rocks rupture break and shift, causing an earthquake. World Book Encyclopedia)
Rose, who had regularly tuned in to the 6:00 p.m. FEBC news broadcast, stopped slicing the Chinese pechay she needed for the dish she was about to cook, and listened with thirsty ears to the newscaster.
The damage created by the powerful quake is still undetermined, but it is feared that thousands maybe affected either as injured or as casualties. Cities in the Philippines hard-hit by the earthquake include Cabanatuan City, Dagupan City, and Baguio City. Metro Manila only experienced a mild shock, and only one person died as of this hour, the newscaster said.
Rose was worried upon hearing that Baguio was one of the cities hit hard by the earthquake.
In Baghdad, Iraqs President Saddam Hussein accused Kuwait of stealing oil from Iraqs territory. Hussein warned Kuwait of grave consequences if it did not compensate Iraq for the oil the former allegedly stole from the latter. Kuwaits ruler, Sheik Jaber al-Ahmed, on the other hand, denied the Iraqi leaders allegation, saying that Hussein was making up stories to justify his aggressive design in the Arab region.2
(2 Saddam Hussein ordered the invasion of Kuwait on August 2, 1990, fifteen days after the July 16 earthquake)
There were knocks on the door.
Rose turned off the radio and walked to the living room.
Perhaps, its maam, she said to herself, as she opened the door.
It was Patrick Lee, her male employer.
Good afternoon, sir, Rose greeted him.
He nodded.
Maam not yet around? Mr. Lee asked.
Not yet, sir? she replied.
What you doing? he asked in broken English.
Cooking, sir.
Me rest. Sleepy! he said.
Okay, sir. Ill continue cooking.
Mr. Lee nodded and went to his room.
Rose, on the other hand, went back to the kitchen to prepare the ingredients for chopsuey.
She turned on the radio again for the news. But the newscast was over.
The announcer was playing an instrumental piece of the song Love Is A Many Splendoured Thing. She liked the song, and wished that she and Daniel could have chosen it as their theme song. They had none.
The song is the theme of the movie of the same title, based on a novel titled A Many Splendoured Thing written by a Chinese author named Han Suyin. The novel was written during the Korean War. She had already read the novel twice, but she had not seen the movie yet. Her mother, who saw it, told her once that it was a beautiful film shot in Hong Kong. How she had desired to see it.
But that night, even as she listened to the song, that desire was far overshadowed by her concern for her family in Baguio. She knew that Baguio was hit by an earthquake. But that was all she knew at that moment. 
How was her family? Especially her mother?
And Daniel?
She was deep in her thoughts about them when the phone rang.
Hello, maam? she said, thinking that the person on the other end of the line was her mistress, May Lee.
Hello, is this Rose? the caller asked.
Yes! Who is this?
Rose, si Manang Consuelo mo. Nangngeg mo daydiay news? Aling Consuelo asked.
(Rose, this is Manang Consuelo. Did you hear the news?)
Tungkol po sa earthquake?
(About the earthquake?)
Wen! Pati Baguio kano ket heavily hit! Madanagan ak kadagidiay addim ken ni Manong mo.
(Yes! And Baguio City was heavily hit. Im worried about my children and my husband.)
Pati siak, Manang Consuelo. Ni inang masaksakit pay.
(Even I, Manang Consuelo. My mother is even sickly.)
Both of them were anxious.
Consuelo realized, since she was older, that one of them should provide the strength and encouragement.
Agkararag ta ading. Ammo ni Apo Dios nga tulungan dagidiay umawag Kaniana.
(Lets pray. God knows how to help those who call upon Him.)
For the first time in their lives, they prayed together while using the phone. Each one agreed to the prayer of the other.
They both believed that the Immutable, Omniscient, and All-Powerful God answered the petitions of those who had no one to turn to except Him who guides and rules the destinies of men and nations.
He who levels the strong and proud is also the only One who can truly strengthen the weak and the lowly.
And when the contrite in heart turn to Him, everything  worries and cares, present and future, their whole lives  then, the heart of God is touched, and He comes to the aid of those who implore His name.
Rose felt lighter after their intercession. God knew what was best for her family. And she believed He would rescue them.
Manang Consuelo, ipaubaya na lang po natin sa Lord ang lahat.
(Manang Consuelo, lets leave it all to the Lord.)
Yan ang talagang dapat nating gawin, Consuelo stressed.
(Yes, thats what we should do.)
Rose nodded.
O, paano, tatawag na lang uli ako sa yo kapag wala akong ginagawa, Consuelo said.
(So, Ill just call you again in my free time.)
Sige po, Manang Consuelo.
(Okay, Manang Consuelo.)
O kaya, kapag wala kang ginagawa, tumawag ka sa akin. Magbalitaan tayo kapag may nadinig tayong news tungkol sa Pilipinas, Consuelo stated.
(Or you can also call me whenever youre free. Lets exchange information whenever we hear news about the situation in the Philippines,)
Sige po, Rose said.
(Okay.)
Consuelo hung up the phone.
Rose continued what she was doing.
Though she still thought about her family, and Daniel, she was less worried now.
The Lord will take care of them, she said to herself.



Back to Table of Contents


CHAPTER 
7


It was July 18, 1990, Wednesday. Brother Ben Cervantes anxiously tuned to the 7:00 a.m. news of DZAS.
He heard the other day that Baguio City was heavily damaged by the earthquake, and that twenty-one1 buildings, including hotels like the Baguio Park Hotel, Nevada Hotel and Hyatt Terraces Hotel, collapsed.
(1 Later, a total of twenty-six buildings were confirmed to have collapsed. Death Toll May Rise to 1,000. Philippine Star. 1990 Jul 18. p. 1.)
What happened to his wife Arlene and to their two-year old daughter Ruth? Were they safe?
Communication lines to Baguio were completely cut off. He had no way of getting in contact with them.
President Aquino, yesterday, declared a state of emergency for all areas devastated by Mondays killer quake. Placed under the state of calamity were the provinces of Pangasinan, Benguet, and Nueva Ecija, as well as the cities of Dagupan, San Carlos, Baguio, Cabanatuan, San Jose, and Palayan, the lady newscaster said. The President also thanked the United States, Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Switzerland and Israel for their assistance in rescue and relief operations. Fifty U.S. civilian engineers, 50 physicians, and 100 hundred U.S. Air Force personnel were flown from Clark Air Base to the affected areas in Central and Northern Luzon yesterday morning.
Brother Cervantes stirred the cup of coffee as he listened to the newscaster.
Public Works Secretary Fiorello Estuar formed a team headed by Undersecretary Teodoro Encarnacion and Bureau of Design Director Francisco Pascual to find out if anyone can be held liable for the collapse of the Christian College of the Philippines building in Cabanatuan City, where more than one hundred students and teachers are believed trapped in the ruins.
The newscaster continued broadcasting news about the havoc wrought by the killer quake.
In Dagupan City, City Vice Mayor Al Fernandez said potable water, food and medicine supply are running low. Portions of the city, heavily damaged, had sunk by an average of two feet. Hospitals are at peak capacity with the continuous arrival of the injured and the dead. Some hospitals were also damaged by the earthquake. Some portions of Dagupan had fissures from which mud sprang, flooding the streets. Vice Mayor Fernandez had placed the damage on public infrastructure at 600 million pesos and 1 billion pesos on private establishments.
Brother Cervantes increased the volume of the radio when the lady newscaster broadcast the news about Baguio.
Reports from Baguio City said many people have slept outdoors beginning Monday night due to continuous aftershocks.2 Burnham Park has virtually become a tent city. The earthquake cut off telecommunication lines, isolating Baguio City. It also affected the Binga Hydroelectric Plant, disrupting power. Supply is scarce. Food may be enough for now, but residents have been hoarding food and other necessities. As of today, Baguio has 80 dead, the highest in the casualty list. Dagupan City has 34, Cabanatuan City has 33, and Manila has 2 dead. The casualty lists may increase due to the numerous people still trapped in fallen buildings.
(2 Interview with Nick Estrellas who was in Baguio City when the killer earthquake struck.)
Brother Cervantes whispered a prayer upon hearing the news.
Meanwhile, U.S. President George Bush has offered whatever help is needed by the Philippines. The United States has donated an initial amount of 500,000 pesos for the earthquake victims, and fielded at least 9 helicopters and 200 civilian and military personnel for relief and rescue operations. U.S. Ambassador Nicholas Platt said a C-141 cargo plane will soon arrive in Baguio City to bring relief goods to the earthquake victims.
In another development, 30 gold miners were reported killed in a mine which collapsed in Benguet, roughly 30 kilometers northeast of Baguio. It is believed that the miners did not survive because no rescue team has reached the area until now. 

.  .  .

Mario Vicente could only feel pity and sorrow as he watched the girl being taken out from the collapsed Christian College of the Philippines building by a combined team of Filipino and American soldiers, and a few civilian volunteers. 
The girl, one of the students trapped in the collapsed college, was crying due to the pain in her right leg crushed by a portion of a collapsed wall. 
Ang paa ko! Masakit! she cried.
(My leg! It hurts!)
Two American volunteers, one a medic, immediately applied first aid on her bleeding leg before they put her on a stretcher.
Her father, who had been anxiously waiting for her rescue, ran to her crying.
Anak ko! Anak ko! Salamat at nakaligtas ka, the anxious father told her while holding her hand.
(My child! My child! Thank goodness youre safe,)
Itay ang singsing ko, nawawala, she said.
(Father my ring, its missing.)
Hindi bale, anak! Papalitan ko yun. Ang mahalagay ligtas ka.
(Dont worry my child! Ill replace it. Whats important is that youre safe.)
The girls gold ring, given as a gift by her father, was stolen by a civilian volunteer.
After giving her first aid, the Americans brought her to a waiting ambulance.
Right after the ambulance had left, Mario saw a local radio reporter approach a member of the American rescue team, a marine who was in the group of Olongapo City mayor Richard Dick Gordon.
The reporter, without batting an eyelash, asked the marine if the rescue effort being undertaken by Americans was related to the U.S. bases issue.
The marine was stunned at the question. He looked the radio announcer straight in the eyes. The announcer repeated his question.
I want to know whether your rescue effort here is related to the issue of the American bases in the Philippines, he asked rudely.
Aw, cmon, cut the bull----. Whyd you always have to tell us this crap? the marine quipped, his uniform wet with sweat, as his herculean arm held an electronic drill he was using to break up the rubble of the Christian College of the Philippines.
His ego bruised, the radio reported left the scene embarrassed.3
(3 This incident really occurred during the rescue operation of the Christian College of the Philippines.)
Patuloy ang rescue operation dito sa Baguio kahit gumagabi na. Medyo umuulan ngayon at basang-basa ang mga rescue teams namin dito, Marco de Dios, a field reporter of DZRH, stated. He was a few meters away from the collapsed wing of the Baguio Hyatt Terraces Hotel.
(The rescue operations here in Baguio have continued despite nightfall. The rescue teams are drenched because its even raining at this hour,)
Sinu-sino ang mga nariyan? Rey Langit, who was manning the DZRH announcers booth in Makati, asked.
(Who are there?)
Na mga rescue team members? Marco asked, clarifying the question.
(You mean, who are part of the rescue team?)
Roger, Marco! Roger!
Ang mga Igorot miners ang nangunguna. Sila talaga ang mga pumapasok sa mga guho. Parang wala silang takot. Nandito rin ang mga British, Japanese, Americans at Singaporeans.
(Igorot miners are leading the rescue effort. They are the ones entering the collapsed building. It seems they have no fear. The British, Japanese, Americans and Singaporeans are also here.)
Yung mga PMA cadets, nandyan pa ba? Rey Langit asked.
(Are the PMA cadets there? PMA Philippine Military Academy)
Roger, Rey! Roger!
Pwede bang mag-interview ka ng isang member ng rescue team dyan?
(Can you interview one of the members of the rescue team?)
Roger, Rey! Sandali lang at lalapitan ko ang isa, Marco said.
(Let me approach one.)
He approached a member of the British team.
Sir, is it possible to ask a few questions? Marco asked the British.
Go ahead.
Do you think there are still people alive in the rubble?
Yes, I think so.
How long will it take til the rescue teams finish this work in Hyatt?
I dont know. A few days perhaps.
When did you arrive here sir?
Just this morning. We could have arrived yesterday from London, but we were waiting for your governments confirmation that it needed assistance. We were also delayed for eight hours in Manila.
How come? asked Marco.
I dont know
Marco! Marco! Tanungin mo ang pangalan niya, Rey Langit said.
(Ask for his name,)
Sir, may I know your name please?
Hugh MacMillan.
Thank you very much, sir! Marco said.
Youre welcome.
Rey
He would not finish his statement. Another aftershock occurred.
Rey, may aftershock na naman dito!
(Rey, theres another aftershock!)
Malakas ba?! Malakas ba?!
(Is it strong?! Is it strong?!)
Roger, Rey! Medyo malakas!
(Quite strong!)
Palagi ba ang aftershock dyan?
(Are you frequently experiencing aftershocks in that area?)
Roger, Rey! Roger! Ayan tumigil na.
(Finally it stopped.)
Marco, kumain ka na ba?
(Marco, have you eaten?)
Hindi pa. 
(Not yet.)
Mabuti pa, kumain ka muna at pagod ka na rin. Ill contact you later.
(Why dont you eat and take a break since youre fatigued.)
Roger, Rey! Roger!

.  .  .

Darkness.
Complete darkness.
Only the noise created by the electronic drills disturbed the silence and the horror of the rubble.
Daniel and Tony were both wounded when the table they hid under collapsed. The wall nearby crumbled on it. Then, the ceiling fell on them likewise, like the weight of a meteor falling from the sky.
Tony, kumusta ang sugat mo? Daniel asked with difficulty. He had a hard time breathing. His abdomen was hit by the table, which in turn was cut into half by fallen rubble.
(Hows youre wound, Tony?)
Patuloy pa ang dugo he answered. His face and neck wet with blood oozing from his wounded head.
(Blood continues to flow out...)
Kaya mo pa? Daniel asked.
(Can you still make it?)
Tony was skeptical.
Nanghihina ako.
(I feel weak.)
There was silence. A terrifying one.
The possibility of impending death was certainly on their minds.
Tonys tears began to fall.
Daniel, ayaw ko pang mamatay.
(Daniel, I dont want to die yet.)
There was silence again.
Then Daniel spoke. Palakasin mo ang loob mo. May awa ang Panginoon.
(Be strong. The Lord is merciful.)
Daniel, ayaw ko pang mamatay Tony said again. He continued to cry.
(Daniel, I dont want to die yet...)
Tony, ang buhay natin ay nasa Panginoon. Siya ang may hawak nito. Kung gugustuhin niya tayong makaligtas, makaliligtas tayo. Ngunit ang mas mahalaga ay kung handa tayong humarap sa Kanya, Daniel said. Ano ba ang pumipigil sa iyo upang tanggapin mo ang Panginoon?
(Tony, our life is in Gods hands. If it is His will that we survive, we will survive. But what is more important is that we are ready to face Him. What is preventing you from receiving the Lord?)
Tony poured out his feelings.
Daniel, may poot pa sa puso ko hanggang ngayon Hinalay ng aming mayor ang nakababata kong kapatid na babae. Pagkatapos siyang halayin ay pinatay pa siya upang hindi makapagsumbong. Naipangako ko sa kanyang puntod na ipaghihiganti ko ang kanyang kaapihan.
(Daniel, there is hate and bitterness in my heart until now Our mayor raped my youngest sister. After she was raped, she was killed so that she could not talk. I made a promise over her grave to avenge her injustice.)
Daniel was silent for a while. Then he spoke.
Hindi mo ba maipagpaparaya sa Panginoon ang paghihiganti?
(Cant you wait for Gods retribution?)
Tony would not reply
Nakikita ng Panginoon ang mga paghihirap ng mga inaapi Nadidinig Niya ang kanilang mga iyak At sa takdang panahon, ipapataw Niya ang nararapat na parusa sa mga nang-api. Daniel stated.
(The Lord sees the plight of the oppressed He hears their cries and at His appointed time, He exacts just punishment on the oppressors.)
Tony continued to cry.
Hindi mo nga maaaring tanggapin ang Panginoon kung may poot sa puso mo Kung tatanggapin mo ang Panginoon, dapat malinis ang iyong puso Malungkot ang nangyari sa buhay ng kapatid mo sa buhay mo Ngunit mas malungkot pa kung mamamatay ka ng wala si Kristo sa iyong buhay, Daniel said.
(Truly, you cannot receive the Lord if there is hatred in your heart If you ever receive the Lord, your heart should be clean What happened to your sister and to your life it sad But it will be even sadder if you die without the Lord in your life,)
The last sentence brought fear in Tonys heart. He had a feeling that death was not far behind. Anxiously, he asked Daniel if the Lord would forgive him for all his sins.
Oo, kahit ano pang pagkakasala mo ay papatawarin ng Panginoon kapag magsisisi ka at bubuksan mo ang iyong puso sa Kanya. Ang Panginoon ay maawain at mapagpatawad. Lahat tayo ay nangaligaw, kaya ngat bumaba siya at namatay sa krus para sa ating mga kasalanan.
(Yes, no matter what your sins are, the Lord will forgive them all if you will repent and open your heart to Him. The Lord is gracious and forgiving. All of us have gone astray, that is why He came to earth and died on the cross for our redemption.)
Gusto kong magsisi at humingi ng tawad sa Kanya... Paano ko bubuksan ang puso ko sa Panginoon? 
(I want to repent and ask Him for forgiveness... How will I open my heart to Him?)
Sa pamamagitan ng panalangin. Panalangin ng pagtanggap sa Kanya.
(Thru prayer. A prayer of acceptance.)
Daniel, gusto ko Siyang tanggapin sa puso ko ngayon.
(Daniel, I want to receive Him into my heart right now.)
He taught Tony how to receive Christ into his heart, explaining to him Revelations chapter 3 verse 20.
Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears My voice, and opens the door, I will come in to him and dine with him, and he with Me.
Ang pinto ay ang pinto ng iyong puso, ng iyong kaluluwa. Kapag bubuksan mo ang iyong puso sa Kanya, Siya ay papasok sa iyo gaya ng pangako Niya. Lilinisin Niya ang iyong buhay at bibigyan ka Niya ng buhay na walang hanggan.
(The door is the door of your heart. If you open your heart to Him, He will enter your heart as He promised. He will clean your life, and give you eternal life.)
At that very moment, when life was fleeting fast and death was sure, Tony wholeheartedly opened his heart to the Savior. After Tony prayed, repeating the prayer of Daniel, he closed his eyes and went to sleep.
Daniel prayed the Lords prayer.
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name Thy kingdom come Thy will be done on earth, as it is in heaven



Back to Table of Contents


CHAPTER 
8


Rose! Come! Quick! Mrs. Lee, her mistress, called her.
Rose was in the kitchen, cooking food for dinner. 
She quickly walked to the living room where Mrs. Lee was seated on a sofa, watching the 6:30 p.m. Chinese news on television.
Look! Your country! Horrible! Horrible! Mrs. Lee exclaimed.
News footage showed a cargo vehicle half-buried in a big fissure.
Then a collapsed building.
Next was a collapsed hotel.
Rose was horrified. She bit her lip.
The collapsed hotel was very familiar to her.
Maam, thats the Hyatt Terraces Hotel, she nervously said.
A footage also showed the collapsed Baguio Park Hotel.
Footage of a crashed plane was also shown. Then the body of the pilot.1
Whats the newscaster saying, Maam? Rose asked.
Plane crashed. American plane. Pilot killed, and co-pilot seriously wounded, Mrs. Lee replied.
The last footage about the Philippines showed Mrs. Aquino. She was caught laughing on camera after the earthquake.
Your President, right? Mrs. Lee asked.
Yes, maam.
Why is she laughing? Many killed already, but why is your President laughing?2
Rose felt embarrassed at Mrs. Lees question.
I dont know, Maam, was all she could say.
(1 It was a U.S. Marine plane which crashed on July 20, 1990 while on a reconnaissance-mercy mission over quake hit areas in Northern Luzon. The pilot, a certain  Captain Shannon, was killed, and his co-pilot, Captain David Colbert was injured. U.S. Spotter Plane Crashes. Philippine Daily Inquirer. 1990 Jul 21. p. 1.
2 This newsclip was also shown on U.S. television. It was an infamous scene of President Aquino laughing with gusto while relating to Malacaang reporters how she and some Cabinet members and senators docked under a conference table at the height of the temblor. Mischief and Malice in Wake of Disaster. Philippine Daily Inquirer. 1990 Jul 21. p. 4.)
After the news about the earthquake in the Philippines, the Chinese newscaster broadcast news events in other countries: Iraqs President Saddam Husseins threat to send hundreds of thousands of troops and hundreds of tanks to its border with Kuwait; the decision of the Soviet Union and Hungary to accept the North Atlantic Treaty Organizations (NATO) offer to establish diplomatic relations with the alliance; deployment of the United States planned space based missile defense system in 1993, popularly known as Star Wars; the decision of the United States to withdraw recognition of the Cambodian resistances coalition against the Vietnamese-backed government of Hun Sen; and the threat of South Koreas opposition parties to resign from parliament and attempt a merger to challenge President Roh Tae Woos government.
When the newscast was over, Rose asked Mrs. Lee for a favor.
Maam, Im worried about my family in the Philippines, she said. May I make a long distance call to the Philippines tonight?
Mrs. Lee understood her concern.
Go ahead. Call your family.
Thank you, Maam. Ill just finish what Im doing.
Mrs. Lee nodded.
Rose went back to the kitchen to resume cooking.
Calling Marianne Alonzo was what she had in mind, a friend in Baguio whose family had a phone.
After dinner, when Mrs. Lee and her husband were already resting in their room, Rose asked the telephone operator for a long distance call to Baguio City, Philippines. The female operator called up Baguio City. 
Miss, Afable, the line is out.
Kindly make another call, Rose requested.
The female operator dialed the number again.
The line was out again.
Miss Afable, something is wrong with the line to Baguio City. Its out.
There was no way they could call up Baguio City. Communication lines to that area were down at that time. Baguio City had been isolated since the killer quake struck.
Thank you, Maam, Rose said.
She hung up the phone.
Worried and sad, she was on the verge of tears. What woud she do?
She remembered her Aunt Mely, sister of her father.
Her aunt, a widow, had been residing in an apartment in Sampaloc, together with her children. They had a telephone in the house.
Rose called back the telephone operator.
Maam, kindly call up Manila, 721-976. Collect Hong Kong. Our phone number here is 5-836-429.
The operator dialed the Manila number. This time, the line was working.
Long distance call from Hong Kong for Mrs. Mely Nicolas, the operator said.
It was Thea, Aunt Melys eldest daughter, who answered the phone. Si Mommy, tawagin mo, long distance, she told Helen, her younger sister. Soon, Aunt Mely was on the phone.
(Call Mommy, tell her its a long distance call from Hong Kong.)
Auntie, si Rose to, she said, worried. Kumusta kayo dyan?
(Auntie, this is Rose. How are all doing?)
Naku! Ang lakas ng lindol dito. Akala ko, katapusan na ng mundo.
(Oh no! The earthquake here was very strong. I thought it was the end of the world.)
Auntie, tumawag ako dahil makikibalita sana ako tungkol kina inay. Tumatawag po kasi ako sa Baguio, ngunit wala namang sumasagot.
(Auntie, I called because I wanted to find out if you had any news about my mother and siblings. I tried calling Baguio, but I couldnt get through.)
Rose, isolated ang Baguio ngayon! Cut-off ang telephone lines.
(Rose, Baguio is isolated right now! The telephone lines are cut-off!)
Auntie, anong pwede nating gawin? Gusto kong malaman kung ligtas sina inay.
(Auntie, what can we do? I just want to find out if theyre safe.)
Aunt Mely, who had been listening to the marathon broadcasts of DZRH, thought of seeking the help of the radio station.
Bayaan mo. Bukas, pupunta ako sa DZRH. May mga field reporters sila sa Baguio. Hihingi ako ng tulong sa kanila. Nakakatawag ang mga taga-Baguio sa DZRH sa pamamagitan ng kanilang mga field reporters. Patatawagan ko ang inay mo. Kung may balita man sa kanila, tatawagan kita. Ano ba ang telepono nyo dyan sa Hong Kong? her aunt asked.
(Dont worry. Tomorrow, Ill go to DZRH. They have field reporters in Baguio. Ill try to ask for their help. People in Baguio are able to call DZRHs main station through these field reporters. Ill see if we can reach your mother this way. If I obtain any news about them, Ill call you. Whats your number there in Hong Kong?)
5-836-429, Auntie.
Sandalit kukuha ako ng ballpen.
(Wait, let me find a ballpen.)
She was immediately back.
Ano nga yun?
(What was that again?)
5-836-429, Auntie.
5-836-429, her aunt repeated the number as she wrote it.
Opo.
(Yes.)
O sige, Rose, tatawagan kita kung may balita ako tungkol sa inay mot mga kapatid.
(Okay, Rose. Ill call you once I have news about your mother and siblings.)
Please, Auntie, she appealed.
 O, ikaw? Kumusta ka naman dyan?
(What about you? How are you?)
Mabuti naman po. Kayo po, Auntie? Kumusta po kayo dyan?
(Im okay. And you, Auntie? How are you?)
Mabuti naman sa awa ng Panginoon.
(They are doing well by Gods grace.)
Ang mga bata po? Kumusta sila?
(And the kids? How are they?)
Okay naman sila. Ikaw, mag-ingat ka dyan. Wag mong pababayaan ang sarili mo.
(They are fine. You take care of yourself, alright? Dont neglect your health.)
Opo, Auntie, she replied. O, sige po. Pakibalitaan na lang ninyo ako tungkol kina inay.
(Yes, Auntie. Again, if you hear news about mother, dont hesitate to call.)
Sige, her aunt answered.
(Okay,)
Rose hung up the phone.
Her thoughts were on her family in Baguio City.
And on Daniel.



Back to Table of Contents


CHAPTER 
9


July 28, 1990. 
From their house in Sampaloc, Aunt Mely and her eldest daughter Thea took a jeepney to Quiapo after dinner.
They took a bus in front of Quiapo Church to Ayala Avenue.
They got down near Makati Medical Center, and asked a pedestrian where DZRH is.1
Fortunately, the pedestrian knew where the radio station is, and showed them how to go there.
They were at the radio station by 8:45 in the evening.
(1 The author went to DZRH twice, at night time on July 18, and July 23 to make announcements on the relief operations effort of Christian groups coordinated by Christians for the Upliftment of the Poor [CUP].)
Radio station DZRH started a 24-hour daily broadcast immediately after the natural disaster to offer assistance to earthquake victims and to governmental and private organizations helping in the rescue and relief work.
Magandang gabi po. Magpapatulong sana kami kay Mr. Rey Langit, Aunt Mely told the receptionist.
(Good evening. Would it be possible to ask for the assistance of Mr. Rey Langit?)
Tungkol po saan? asked the lady staff.
(Regarding?)
Mananawagan sana kami sa Baguio. Alalang-alala na kami dahil may mga relatives kami doon. Hanggang ngayon, hindi namin alam ang kalagayan nila. Hindi naman kami makatawag, o matawagan, dahil cut-off ang telephone lines. Kaya dito kami pumunta dahil may contact ang DZRH sa mga field reporters nyo sa Baguio.2
(We would like to get in contact with the people in Baguio. We are worried because we have relatives there. Until now, we do not know their status. We could not call them, or wait for their call, since the telephone lines are cut-off. So we went here because DZRH can contact the reporters on the field in Baguio.)
(2 All roads to Baguio City were closed due to landslides)
Doon na lang po kayo sa announcers booth. Sasamahan ko po kayo, the receptionist said. Immediately, she accompanied them to the booth.
(Please wait in the announcers booth. Let me take you there,)
Four women were seated in the booth, while two men, one in his late sixties, were standing, waiting for their turn to make announcements.
Rey Langit was then commenting on people who were taking advantage of relief donations.
Pambihira talaga ang ibang mga kababayan natin. Kahit sa panahon ng kalamidad, hindi pa rin natatakot sa Diyos. Patuloy pa rin ang pagsasamantala sa kapwa Pilipino. Pati ba naman mga blankets at damit na donations sa mga earthquake victims, ipinagbibili sa Fairview, at ang mga donations na itlog galing sa ibang bansa, ipinagbibili dyan sa Pampanga! Ano ba naman iyan? Hindi na ba natin ititigil ang pandurugas? Sa panahong ito ng krisis, sana naman ay pagtulong sa ating mga nakakaawang mga kababayan ang ating isipin, hindi ang pagsasamantala!!! Rey Langit exclaimed.
(Some of our countrymen are really devious. Even in times of disasters, they still fail to fear God. They continue to take advantage of their fellow Filipinos. Imagine, even blankets and clothes that have been donated for the earthquake victims are ending up for sale in Fairview, and eggs that have been donated by other countries, are being sold in Pampanga! What kind of behavior is that? Cant we stop being deceitful? In times of crisis, helping our poor countrymen should be on our minds, not exploitation!!!)
Mr. Langit turned to the women and men in the booth.
May mga panawagan tayo ngayon. Tawagan natin ang isang babae. Ano pong pangalan nyo at tagasaan po kayo?
(We have several people who would like to make an announcement. Lets call on one of the women. Whats your name and where are you from?)
Miss Flordeliza Gabriel po. Taga-Baguio City po kami. Galing po kami sa Baguio ng kapatid ko.
(Im Miss Flordeliza Gabriel. My brother and I are from Baguio. We just came from there.)
Paano po kayo nakababa? Closed pa po ang Naguilian Road hanggang ngayon.
(How were you able to get down from Baguio? Naguilian Road is still closed until now.)
Naglakad po kami pababa. Naglalakad po ang mga taga-Baguio ngayon pababa. Mananawagan sana kami sa tatay at nanay ko, si Mr. & Mrs. Juan Gabriel, na umakyat sa Baguio. Itay, inay, nandito na po kami sa Manila. Naglakad po kami sa Naguilian. Wag na po kayong mag-alala sa amin.
(We had to walk all the way down. People from Baguio are leaving on foot. Id like to call out to my mother and father, Mr. & Mrs. Juan Gabriel who went up to Baguio. Dad, Mom, were already here in Manila. We walked via Naguilian. Dont worry about us.)
Ang ibig mong sabihin Flordeliza, umakyat ang parents mo papuntang Baguio upang makita kayo?
(You mean to say, Flordeliza, that your parents went up to Baguio to search for you?)
Opo. Nagkasalisihan po kami.3
(Yes. And unfortunately, they have already left Manila when we were leaving Baguio, so we missed each other.)
Tsk! Tsk! Tingnan mo nga naman ano. Marami bang naglalakad pababa?
(Tsk! Tsk! Thats regrettable. Were there a lot of people walking on the road down?)
Opo! Crisis po kasi sa pagkain sa Baguio, at palagi po ang aftershocks. Nakakatakot!
(Yes! Theres a food crisis in Baguio. And there were frequent aftershocks. It was scary!)
O, sige. Mayroon pa ba?
(Okay. Is there anything else?)
Wala na po. Yun lang po. Salamat po.
(No. Thats it. Thank you.)
O sige, hija.
(Okay, lass.)
(3 This is a true incident heard by the author over DZRH)
Rey Langit called another woman.
Kayo po, misis, anong panawagan nyo? asked Rey Langit.
(And you, Maam, what would you like say?)
Mananawagan po sana ako sa mister ko at mga anak ko sa Bagabag, Nueva Viscaya.
(Id like to call on my husband and my kids in Bagabag, Nueva Visacaya.)
Anong pangalan po ng mister nyo?
(Whats your husbands name?)
Juanito Afan po?
(Juanito Afan.)
Ang pangalan po ninyo, misis?
(And your name, Maam?)
Arsenia Afan po.
(Arsenia Afan.)
O, sige po, Manawagan na po kayo.
(Okay, go ahead and make your announcement.)
Mrs. Afan was teary-eyed as she spoke.
Juanito, kumusta kayo ryan? Mabuti naman ako rito sa Manila. Uuwi sana ako noong Martes, July 17, ngunit ganito naman ang nangyari  lumindol. Alalang-alala ako sa inyo. Adela, Ramon, Ato! Kumusta kayo ryan mga anak? Gusto kong umuwi ryan sa Bagabag, pero sarado ang Dalton Pass.4 Hindi makadaan ang mga sasakyan. Kayat matatagalan pa ako rito sa Manila. Mag-ingat kayo ryan.
(Juanito, how are you all there? Im safe here in Manila. I was about to go home last Tuesday, July 17, but you know what happened  there was an earthquake. Im worried about you all. Adela, Ramon, Ato! How are you my children? I want to go home to Bagabag, but Dalton Pass is closed. Vehicles cannot pass. I may have to stay here in Manila for some time. Please take care of yourselves.)
Meron pa po, Aling Arsenia? Rey Langit asked.
(Is there anything else, Maam Arsenia?)
Wala na po, Mang Rey. Salamat po, Mrs. Afan replied.
(Thats it, Sir Rey. Thank you.)
(4 Dalton Pass was made totally impassable by landslides. It was reopened to traffic by Defense Secretary Fidel V. Ramos three weeks later.)
Rey Langit called for the third woman.
Misis, ano po ang pangalan nyo?
(And youre Mrs.?)
Miss pa po ako, the woman, in her late fourties replied.
(Mind you, Im still a Miss.)
Rey Langit burst in laughter.
Anong pangalan nyo, Miss?
(Sorry, my mistake. Miss?)
Paquita Soriven, Mang Rey.
(Paguita Soriven, Mr. Rey.)
Taga-saan po kayo, Aling Paquita?
(And where are you from, Miss Paquita?)
Sa Agoo, La Union po.
(Agoo, La Union.)
Oh! Sa Agoo! Di ba bumagsak ang municipal hall nyo roon?
(Oh! Agoo! Didnt your municipal hall collapse?)
Oo nga po.
(Yes.)
Anong panawagan nyo?
(What is your announcement?)
Gusto ko lang pong iparating sa mga magulang ko, sina Mr. & Mrs. Rolando Soriven, na ligtas po kami rito sa Maynila. Tatang, inang, madi kayo nga madanagan kadakami ditoy. Agawid ak inton Miyerkoles dita Agoo. Kung sino man po ang nakikinig na nakakakilala kina Mr. & Mrs. Rolando Soriven sa Agoo, pakisabi lang po sa kanila na ligtas kami rito sa Maynila kaya wag po silang mag-alala. Salamat po.
(I want to reach out to my parents, Mr. & Mrs. Rolando Soriven, and tell them that were safe here in Manila. Papa, Mama, dont worry about us. Im going home to Agoo this coming Wednesday. If anyone listening in Agoo knows Mr. & Mrs. Rolando Soriven, please inform them that we are safe here in Manila and that they should not worry. Thank You)
Okay. Next! said Rey Langit.
Another woman went forward to the microphone to make an announcement.
Ano pong pangalan nyo, Miss o Misis? asked Rey Langit.
(And you are, Miss or Mrs.?)
Misis na po.
(Mrs.)
Misis?
(Mrs.?)
Mrs. Adelina Jose po.
(Mrs. Adelina Jose.)
Taga saan?
(From where?)
Sa Villasis, Pangasinan po.
(Villasis, Pangasinan.)
Malapit po ba kayo sa bumagsak na Carmen Bridge?5
(Do you live near the Carmen Bridge? The one that fell down?)
May isang kilometro po ang layo ng bahay namin.
(Our house is about a kilometer away from that bridge.)
Ano po ang panawagan ninyo, Mrs. Jose?
(What is your message for those listening, Mrs. Jose?)
Gusto ko pong manawagan sa mga magulang ko, sina Mr. & Mrs. Bernardo Mariano, o sa sino mang nakakakilala sa kanila sa Villasis, Pangasinan. Tatang, inang, safe kami ditoy Manila. Kami po ang nag-aalala sa inyo. Kung makakatawag po kayo sa amin, alam po naman nyo ang telephone number namin. Tumawag po kayo para hindi naman kami nag-aalala.
(I want to call on my parents, Mr. & Mrs. Bernardo Mariano, or whoever knows them in Villasis, Pangasinan. Father, mother, were safe here in Manila. We are the ones worried about you. Please call us if you can. You know our telephone number in Manila. Call us so that we can have peace of mind.)
Okay na po, Mrs. Jose?
(Is that it, Mrs. Jose?)
Okay na po. Marami pong salamat, Mang Rey.
(Yes, thats all. Thank you very much, Mr. Rey.)
Wala pong anuman!
(Youre welcome!)
(5 Portions of the Carmen Bridge collapsed during the earthquake, causing the road to Baguio to become impassable. All vehicles had to pass through Camiling, Tarlac.)
Kayo naman po, lolo. Ano pong pangalan ninyo at sino po ang tatawagan ninyo?
(What about you, grandpa? Whats your name and who would you like to reach out to?)
The old man sounded nervous as he spoke.
Ako po si Mr. Alejandro Briones.
(Im Mr. Alejandro Briones.)
Taga-saan po kayo, lolo?
(Where are you from, grandpa?)
Taga-Cabanatuan City po.
(Im from Cabanatuan City.)
Ano pong panawagan ninyo?
(And your message?)
Gusto ko pong manawagan sa anak kong si Amado Briones. Amado, nananalangin kami sa kaligtasan nyo ng asawa at mga anak mo. Ipaalam mo sa amin ang inyong kalagayan dyan sa Cabanatuan.
(I want to reach out to my son, Amado Briones. Amado, we are praying for you, your wife, and your kids safety. Please give us an update of your status in Cabanatuan.)
May mga apo po ba kayo na nag-aaral sa Christian College of the Philippines?
(Do you have a grandchild studying in Christian College of the Philippines?)
Isa po. Elementary pa lang sya?
(I have one. Hes still in elementary.)
Wala pa po ba kayong balita tungkol sa apo nyo, kung kasali sya o hindi sa mga na-trap sa Christian College of the Philippines?
(Dont you have any information, whether or not your grandchild is one of those trapped under the Christian Coleege of the Philippines building?)
Wala pa po he answered with sorrow.
(No, I dont...)
Mayroon pa po ba kayong panawagan?
(Would you like to say anything else?)
Kung sino man po ang nakakakilala kay Mr. & Mrs. Amado Briones dyan sa Cabanatuan City, pakisabi lang po na nag-aalala kami rito sa Manila. Kung maaari ay pakitawagan lang po kami upang malaman namin ang nangyayari sa kanila.
(If anyone knows Mr. & Mrs. Amado Briones who are in Cabanatuan City, please tell them that we are worried about them here in Manila. If possible, please give us a call so that we would know if they are okay.)
Ano pong telephone number ang tatawagan nila, lolo?
(What telephone number could they call, grandpa?)
972-675 po. Telepono po ito ng kapitbahay namin, si Mr. Gil Estrella. Makisuyo na lang po sila sa kanya. Salamat po.
(The can call 972-675. This number belongs to our neighbor, Mr. Gil Estrella. You can reach us through him. Thank you.)
Okay! Kayo naman, Mister
(Okay! And the next one is Mr.)
Ako po si Nardito Impe, taga-Kayapa, Nueva Vizcaya.
(Im Nardito Impe, from Kayapa, Nueva Vizcaya.)
Ano pong panawagan nyo, Mr. Impe?
(Whats the message you would like to broadcast over the radio, Mr. Impe?)
Mananawagan po sana ako he began to cry.
(Im calling on....)
 Mananawagan po ako sa mga kamag-anak ko sa Kayapa na tulungan ang aking mag-ina.
(Im calling on my relatives at Kayapa to please help my wife and kid.)
Rey Langit surmised that the mans family may have been among the victims of the landslide in Kayapa.6
He tried to comfort the man.
Relax lang po kayo. May awa po ang Panginoon.
(Please, just relax. The Lord is merciful.)
Gusto ko po sanang umuwi sa Nueva Vizcaya ngunit sarado pa po ang Dalton Pass.
(I want to go home to Nueva Vizcaya but Dalton Pass is still closed.)
Nasubukan na po ba nyong humingi ng tulong sa Philippine Air Force?7
(Have you tried asking for help from the Philippine Air Force?)
Hindi pa po, Mr. Langit. Hindi ko kasi alam kung paano pumunta roon.
(No, Mr. Langit. I dont know how to approach them.)
Dyan lang po sa Villamor Air Base. Makiusap kayo kay General Tereso Isleta.
(You can try going to Villamor Air Base. Ask for the help of General Tereso Isleta.)
Mr. Langit instructed his assistant to give the telephone number of the Villamor Air Base Relief Operations Center (VABROC).
Marami pong salamat, Mr. Impe said.
(Thank you very much.)
Wala pong anuman, Rey Langit replied.
(Youre welcome.)
(6 More than 130 people were buried in a landslide in Kayapa, Nueva Vizcaya.
7 The Philippine Air Force sent everything which flew to earthquake devastated areas, especially in Baguio City, Dagupan City, La Union, Cabanatuan, and Nueva Vizcaya. It was the biggest rescue-relief mission ever undertaken by the Air Force. The authors set up the Christians Coordinating Center right at Villamor Air Base to assist in the relief operations in cooperation with VABROC.)
It was Aunt Melys turn.
May isa pa tayong panawagan. Misis hali na po kayo, Rey Langit said, calling Aunt Mely forward.
(We still have another announcement. You can go ahead, Maam.)
Ano pong pangalan nyo, at taga-saan?
(What is your name and where are you from?)
Mrs. Mely Nicolas po. Taga-Baguio City po, pero dito na kami sa Sampaloc nakatira.
(Mrs. Mely Nicolas. Im from Baguio City, but I now reside in Sampaloc.)
Ano pong panawagan nyo?
(And your message?)
Gusto ko pong manawagan kay Mrs. Alejandra Afable, at sa kanyang mga anak, si Boy at Tina. Aleja, Boy, Tina, kung nakikinig kayo kay Mr. Langit, pakitawagan nyo ang DZRH sa umaga hanggang alsa onse ng gabi. Palagi kaming nakikinig sa DZRH, kayat malalaman namin ang sitwasyon nyo ryan kung tatawag kayo. Kung sino man po ang nakakakilala kay Mrs. Alejandra Afable, pakisabi na lang po na tumawag dito sa DZRH. Salamat po.
(I want to call on Mrs. Alejandra Afable, and her children, Boy and Tina. Aleja, Boy, Tina, if any of you are listening to Mr. Langit, please call DZRH at time in the morning until 11 p.m. in the evening. We are always listening to DZRH, so we will be informed of your situation once you call. If listening anyone knows Mrs. Alejandra Afable, please tell her to call DZRH. Thank you.)
Okay! Thank you very much din po sa pagtangkilik nyo sa DZRH.
(Okay! And thank you for continually listening to DZRH.)
Rey Langit shifted to news commentary this time.
Tungkol naman dito sa officer ni cashiered Colonel Gringo Honasan na truce8 with the government ngayong panahon ng emergency. Palagay ko, walang masama kung tatanggapin ito ng Pangulong Aquino during this period. After all, Pilipino tayong lahat, at dapat magtulungan sa panahon ng kagipitan.
(In other news, cashiered officer Colonel Gringo Honasan offered the government a truce in this time of emergency. I dont think theres anything wrong if President Aquino will accept this ceasefire offer during this period. After all, we are all Filipinos, and we should help one another in time of need.)
Mr. Langit drank water from his glass to quench his thirst.
Then, he resumed his commentary.
At ang CPP-NPA naman, sana maging sincere sa offer nilang unilateral ceasefire. Sa panahong ito na daan-daan o libo-libo ang na ang namamatay9, huwag na nating dagdagan pa ang paghihirap ng ating mga kapwa Pilipino. Tigilan natin ang away, at tumulong tayo sa mga kaawa-awa nating mga kababayan.10
(And as for the CPP-NPAs, I hope they will be sincere in their offer of a unilateral ceasefire. In a time when hundreds or thousands are dying, lets not add to the difficulty of our fellow countrymen. Lets stop the fighting, and help those of our compatriots in need.)
(8 Colonel Gregorio Gringo Honasan of the rebel Reform the Armed Forces Movement [RAM], later Rebolusyonaryong Alyansang Makabansa, offered a truce with the government during the period of rescue-relief operations for earthquake victims. The offer was spurned by President Aquino.
9 At least 1,621 people killed, more than 3,000 people injured and severe damage, landslides, liquefaction, subsidence, and sandblows in the Baguio-Cabanatuan-Dagupan area. Damage also occurred in Bataan Province and at Manila. Large fissures were observed in the epicentral area. Surface faulting occurred along the Philippine and Digdig faults. Person, Waverly J. 2010 Jan 05. Significant Earthquakes of the World1990. In http://earthquake.usgs.gov. Retrieved August 8, 2012, from http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eqarchives/significant/sig_1990.php.
10 The day the CPP-NPA [Communist Party of the Philippines  New Peoples Army] command declared a unilateral ceasefire, Sparrows in Metro Manila ambushed and killed three Capital Command soldiers in Pasig. Then, a few days later, they ambushed a Vice Mayor in Ifugao who was on his way to a relief area, killing him and the military soldiers with him.)



Back to Table of Contents


CHAPTER 
10


July 29. Thirteen days, long days, had passed since the killer earthquake struck.
Tony is dead. He passed away two days ago.
If you survive, he appealed to Daniel, please tell my family about the Lord.
Yes I promise Daniel replied.
Please tell them that I love them, he said. Mahal ko sila
(I love them)
Tony, kung uuwi ka na, Daniel said, sana wala na ang galit sa puso mo. Ngayong natanggap mo na si Jesus, ipagpa-ubaya mo na ang paghihiganti sa Kanya.
(Tony, if you are going to die, I hope there is no longer any hatred in your heart. Now that you have received Jesus in your life, leave all retribution to Him.)
Tony received the Lord on the 9th day of their ordeal, totally surrendering himself to the will of God.
Daniel led him in a prayer of acceptance of Christ as Savior of his soul, and Lord and God of his life.
Wala na ang galit ko. Ipinapanalangin ko na ang aking mga kaaway sanay matagpuan din nila ang pagpapatawad at kapayapaan na tanging si Jesus lamang ang makakapagbigay.
(Theres no more hatred in me. I have already prayed for my enemies I hope that they, too, will discover the forgiveness and peace that only Jesus can give.)
A few minutes after he said these words, Tony felt cold.
Daniel nanlalamig ako palagay ko, malapit na
(Daniel I feel cold I think my time is near)
Takot ka pa bang mamatay? Daniel asked.
(Are you afraid of death?)
Hindi na Gusto ko na ring magpahinga
(Not anymore I now want to rest...)
Several minutes later, when Daniel tried to talk to him again, he no longer replied.
Lord, please be merciful to his soul.

.  .  .

This time, two days after Tony passed away, Daniel also felt cold.
He sensed that death was coming, and coming fast. The words of the Lord Jesus in John, chapter 11 verse 25, flashed in his mind.

I am the resurrection and the life. He who lives and believes in Me will never die.

Lord, I believe I believe he said
Faith. It matters a lot to a dying man.
At the last moment of ones life, all dreams, all hopes, all cares are but parcels of memories. What is left for the future, which is but a breath away, if faith  faith in the One who has sanctified His blood for the redemption of our sins.
Daniel recited Psalm 23 aloud:

The Lord is my shepherd, I shall lack nothing.
He makes me lie down in green pastures,
He leads me beside quiet waters,
He restores my soul.
He guides me in paths of righteousness for His names sake.
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death,
I will fear no evil,
for You are with me,
Your rod and Your staff, they comfort me.
You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies.
You anoint my head with oil; my cup overflows.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life 
and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.

He felt colder, weaker. He began to lose consciousness.
Ma Pa Rose he said in tears.
(Mother Father Rose...)
These were his last words.



Back to Table of Contents


CHAPTER 
11


August 1, 1990, 11:30 in the morning. The phone in Aunt Melys house rang. It was Judith, the second to the youngest among Aunt Melys children, who answered the phone.
Hello?
Hello, sino to?
(Hello, whos this?)
Si Judith po.
(This is Judith.)
Hello, Judith! Si Auntie Aleja mo ito. Nandito kami sa Villamor Air Base!
(Hello, Judith! This is your aunt Aleja. Were here at Villamor Air Base!)
Sino yan, Judith? Aunt Mely asked.
(Who are you speaking with, Judith?)
Inay, si Auntie Aleja! she replied.
(Mama, its Auntie Aleja!)
Aunt Mely rushed to the phone, relieved and excited.
Aleja, si Mely to! Naku! Salamat sa Diyos at tumawag ka. Alalang-alala kami sa inyo. Nasaan kayo ngayon?
(Aleja, this is Mely! Thank God! You finally called. We were worried about all of you. Where are you now?)
Nandito kami sa Villamor Air Base. Kararating lang namin galing Baguio. Sumakay kami sa eroplano ng Philippine Air Force.1
(Were here at Villamor Air Base. We just arrived from Baguio. We rode one of the planes of the Philippine Air Force.)
Si Boy at Tina, kumusta sila?
(How are Boy and Tina?)
Nandito sila, kasama ko. Mabuti naman sila, sa awa ng Diyos.
(Theyre with me. Theyre okay, by Gods grace.)
Hintayin nyo kami dyan. Susunduin namin kayo, Aunt Mely said.
(Wait for us. Well fetch you.)
Wag na, Mely! May mga buses dito patungong Luneta. Hintayin na lang ninyo kami dyan.
(Theres no need to, Mely! There are buses here going to Luneta. Just wait for us at your place.)
O, sige. Kumain na ba kayo?
(Okay. Have you all eaten?)
Hindi pa.
(Not yet.)
Dito na lang kayo kumain! Ipaghahanda ko kayo.
(Then just eat here! Ill prepare food for you all.)
O sige, Mely. Hintayin ninyo kami ryan.
(Okay, Mely. Wait for us there.)
Mrs. Afable hung up the phone.
Then, she walked with Boy and Tina to a waiting bus in front of the Villamor Air Base Relief Operations Center (VABROC) building, with just bags of clothes on their shoulders.
(1 The C-130 cargo planes which airlifted relief goods to Baguio City from Villamor Air Base were used to evacuate Baguio residents to Manila. The author, based in Villamor Air Base Relief Operation Center, was involved in the evacuating operation)

.  .  .

Mario Vicente grievingly looked at the collapsed Chrisitan College of the Philippines building, now associated with death. The American marines from Clark Air Base who had volunteered for the rescue work had already departed the rescue area.
Only a few Filipino soldiers were left in the area with civilian rescure volunteers, still hoping that one, two, maybe three students trapped under the collapsed edifice were still alive.
Mario saw an old woman sitting on a pavement, her palms covering her face.
Feeling pity for the old woman, he approached her to give comfort.
Lola, talagang ganyan po ang buhay
(Grandma, thats life...)
Ang apo ko Ang apo ko she said with controlled grief.
(My grandchild My grandchild...)
Mario decided to keep silent.
Wala na yata ang apo ko Iniwan na yata ako ng apo ko she continued crying.
(My grandchild is gone My grandchild has left me)
Mario knew that only a miracle could make the old womans grandchild survive. Sixteen days had passed since the killer quake had struck!
Sitting beside her on the pavement, he wanted to say words of comfort, but none came from his mouth.
He didnt know exactly how she felt.
He didnt know what to say.

.  .  .

Pale, filst time nangyali ito sa Dagupan, a Chinese businessman told Mr. Guillermo.
(My friend, this is the first time this tradgedy happened in Dagupan.)
Grace was seated near them, listening to the conversation. She didnt go back to Baguio anymore, for classes in all levels remained suspended.
Sampu taon ko inipon pela pampatayo building ko. Ngayon, sila na building. Collapsed na! the Chinese businessman complained.
(I saved money for ten years to put up my building! Now, my building is gone. It has collapsed!)
Talagang ganyan, pare wala tayong magagawa.
(Sometimes, thats the way things are, my friend We really cant do anything.)
Pale, poble na naman kompale mo. Noon, ako tinda taho pala kita. Ipon ako pela pala sa building ko. Ngayon wala na building, pale Ako tinda na naman taho!
(Buddy, Im poor again. Before, I sold soybean curd to earn money. I saved money for my building. Now my building is gone Ill have to sell soybean curd again!)
Grace didnt know whether she would laught at, or feel pity for the Chinese.
The Chinese businessman reminded her of the story of the man who built his house on the sand.

.  .  .

A Sarao jeepney full of relief goods was going up to Baguio City in Naguilian Road, now open to traffic.
The jeep only had three passengers: the driver, Reverend Orlando Manalang, and Brother Ben Cervantes.
Brother Cervantes felt pity on the thousands of people walking down Naguilian Road, escaping the isolated city.
Ang daming bumababa, Reverend Manalang told Brother Cervantes.
(There are so many people trekking down.)
The latter was anxious for his family. How were they? Where were they?
Brother Cervantes saw a familiar face walking down with a group of students. It was Wilfredo Agnir, one of the members of his Saturday Bible Study-Fellowship. Brother Ben asked the driver to temporarily park on the side of the road.
Willie! Brother Cervantes shouted.
Wille looked at him. Brother Ben!
He walked to the jeep after asking his fellow marchers to wait for him.
Bakit kayo naglalakad? Brother Cervantes asked.
(Why are you on foot?)
Wala kaming masakyan, Brother Ben. Wala ng bus na bumababa.
(There are no public vehicles available, Brother Ben. No buses are travelling down.)
Kumusta ba sa Baguio?
(Hows Baguio?)
Chaotic! Halos wala nang makain, at mabaho! Saka marami pang aftershocks, kaya nag-decide po kaming bumaba na lang kahit kailangang maglakad.
(Chaotic! Food is scarce. It stinks. And there are still frequent aftershocks. Thats why we decided to go down even if we had to walk.)
Brother Cervantes bit his lip. The Baguio City he knew was in ruins.
Wala na po ang Baguio, Brother Ben. Taon ang aabutin bago ito muling makabangon. Willie said.
(Baguio is gone, Brother Ben. It will take years before it can rise from the ruins.)

.  .  .

Matakot naman kayo sa Diyos! Bal Lopez, one of the announcers of DZRH, thundered in his late afternoon program.
(Have you no fear of God?!)
Pati ba naman biscuit at canned goods para sa mga biktima ng lindol, nanakawin pa ninyo? Yang isang mayor sa Pangasinan, hindi ko na babanggitin ang pangalan at nakakahiya. May balita kami from reliable sources na ang mga relief goods para sa kanyang mga kababayan ay ibino-bodega nya. Ano ba naman yan, Mr. Mayor! Mahiya ka naman! At saka yang mga pulitiko dyan, tigil-tigilan muna natin ang pulitika. Yang mga provincial officials dyan sa Nueva Vizcaya. Ang balita namin ay nilalagyan nyo pa ng LOVE CORY2 yang mga relief goods na idini-distribute nyo. Hindi naman galing sa Malacaang ang mga relief goods na yan, kundi sa mga private donors! Ano ba naman! Tigilan muna yang pulitika! Malayo pa ang 1992! Bal Lopez said indignantly.
(You would even steal biscuits and canned goods for the victims of the earthquake? Theres a mayor from Pangasinan, who will not be named because what hes doing is so disgraceful. But we have news from a reliable source that he is keeping relief goods for himself. What kind of behavior is that, Mr. Mayor?! Have you no shame?! And to other politicians, please stop campaigning so early. We have news that some provincial officials in Nueva Vizcaya are placing LOVE CORY stickers on relief goods being distributed. But those relief goods were from private donors, not Malacaang! What kind of behavior is that! Youre already campaigning now, when elections are still at 1992!)
(2 The author was informed about this while he was in Aritao, Nueva Vizcaya during a relief work after the killer earthquake. It was a doctor who actually saw the LOVE CORY labels who informed him.)
Aunt Mely and Roses mother were then in the living room, listening to Bals tirades. Mrs. Afable had a late lunch. Boy and Tina were upstairs, together with Aunt Melys children.
Talagang walang puso ang ibang kababayan natin! Aunt Mely said with disdain.
(Some of our countrymen are really heartless!)
Samantala, narito ang tatlong pinakahuling nahukay mula sa gumuhong Hyatt Hotel sa Baguio City. Isa sa kanila ang buhay! Siyay si Arnulfo Pinga, buhay pa after sixteen days! Himala ito! Ang dalawang patay Antonio de Guzman, isang staff ng Hyatt Hotel, at si Daniel Lardizabal. Si Daniel ay isang fifth year engineering student sa University of Baguio. Ayon sa kanyang identification card, siya ay taga-Urdaneta, Pangasinan! 
(Meanwhile, three more persons were taken out from the rubbles of Hyatt Hotel. One of them is alive  Arnulfo Pinga! Hes alive after sixteen days! Its really a miracle! The two dead Antonio de Guzman, a staff of Hyatt Hotel, and Daniel Lardizabal. Daniel is a fifth year engineering student from the University of Baguio. Based on his I.D. card, he is from Urdaneta, Pangasinan.)
O, Diyos ko! Si Daniel! Mrs. Afable exclaimed.
(Oh, My Lord! Its Daniel!)
Sino yun? Aunt Mely asked.
(Who is that?)
Boyfriend ni Rose. Patay na sya. Mrs. Afable, bit her lip.
(Roses boyfriend. Hes dead.)
Kailangang masabihan si Rose. Tawagan natin siya mamayang gabi, Aunt Mely said.
(We need to tell Rose. Lets call her up later in the evening.)
Mrs. Afable was silent.
She wondered how her daughter would react to the news that the man she loved had gone to be with the Lord.



Back to Table of Contents


LAST 
CHAPTER


She sat on the grass on a lonely hill, as she beheld the retreating sun.
It was called the Hill of Tears, perhaps because it was where the people in Aberdeen poured their sorrows.
The top of the hill can be reached through stairways. It takes quite an effort.
After learning about Daniels death from her mother and Aunt Mely when they called her up last night, emptiness best described her day.
She cried almost the entire night. It was already about four oclock in the morning when she fell asleep.
She slept only for two hours because she had to prepare breakfast for Mr. & Mrs. Lee. Then, she had to do her usual daily tasks.
After that, she took lunch. She fell asleep due to exhaustion. It was already past three oclock in the afternoon when she woke up.
She cooked early for dinner, and after her cooking was done, she went down to Parkn Shop for groceries, taking with her a pen, a notebook, and a pocket radio.
From there, she decided to go up to the Hill of Tears.
It was a bit cold up there, though summer had not passed.
Looking at the islands across Aberdeen, she couldnt help thinking about the sad state of the people living in more than seven thousand islands called the Philippines  her country.
She tuned her radio to an English program for soft music, to console herself.
No music was being played, but the news about the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait caught her attention.
Iraqs President Saddam Hussein justified the invasion of Kuwait by declaring that the tiny oil-rich nation was once an Iraqi territory, and Iraqs act could not be mere invasion but liberation, the newscaster said.
In the United States, U.S. President George Bush condemned Iraqs invasion of Kuwait, saying that it was a shameful act of aggression ordered by a peanut despot. Bush called on Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein to immediately withdraw his troops or face sanction from the international community.
Rose thought of Ida, her high school friend who had been working in Kuwait for two years.
In London, British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher called on the United Nations to rally against Iraq, saying that if nothing was done to repulse Iraqi aggression, Saddam Hussein would be even more emboldened to continue his adventurist acts. She said that Saudi Arabia could be Iraqs next target.
Rose plucked a wild, deep blue flower near her left foot as she listened to the newscasts.
In Tokyo. The Tokyo Stock Market plunged today as a result of the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait. Japan has been heavily dependent on Middle East oil for its industries. In a related development, stock markets in other Asian oil-consuming countries like Singapore, Thailand, South Korea, Taiwan, the Philippines, and including Hong Kong, suffered a nose-dive after todays invasion of Kuwait. It is expected that the economics of oil-consuming nations will suffer as a result of the Iraqi invasion.
Rose took a deep breath after hearing the news.
She thought of the toll of the invasion on the already faltering economy of the Philippines, a country heavily dependent on Middle East oil.
The newscaster then played the song Love Is A Many Splendoured Thing.
It was among Roses favorites.
The song reminded her again of Han Suyin, the Chinese author who lost her beloved in the Korean War. She wrote her story in a book titled A Many Splendoured Thing fourty years ago, in 1950, when North Korea invaded the South.
Roses grandfather, then a major in the Armed Forces of the Philippines, was a member of the Philippine Expeditionary Force to Korea (PEFTOK). The Philippines was one of the countries which contributed to the United Nations forces in Korea during that time of conflict.
Rose bitterly smiled as she imagined a short parallelism of her life with that of Han Suyin. Suyin lost her beloved. And so did she. The former lost him at a time of international conflict. So did she. Suyin was then in Hong Kong. So was she.
The last chapter of the authors autobiography presented herself alone, seated on the grass, looking at the mountains, and the sea, and sorrow, grieving the loss of the man dear to her heart.
Now, by mere circumstance, she was on the Hill of Tears alone, seated on the grass, looking at the mountains, and the sea, and sorrow, grieving the loss of the man dear to her heart.
She couldnt help but start crying again.
Is life a cycle? She wondered.
Is the experience of some, bound to be repeated in the lives of others?
Is sorrow as inseparable, inescapable part of human existence?
Mabuti pa si Aling Consuelo, she told herself.
(Aling Consuelo is better off.)
Aling Consuelo told her on the phone that her whole family was safe, and their house was miraculously spared from the earthquake.
She looked at the grass. They covered the earth.
I am the grass, let me work, wrote the poet.
The grass. They would soon cover the resting place of the man she loved.
She took her pen and wrote an untitled poem on her notebook.
It was addressed to Daniel.

Here I am,
alone on this hill,
sitting on the lowly grass,
suffering the pain,
grieving your loss,
drinking my tears

I wish to grasp your hands,
I want to touch your brow
which I once kissed,
I long to be at your side this very hour,
but Im so far from where you sleep

Here,
on this hill where I suffer the pain,
where I sit on the lowly grass
drinking my salty tears,
I think of you more than you think of me,
I long for you more than you long for me

Do you know what it means 
to really long for you?
Can you take this sorrow 
which is slowly killing me?

Do you feel my pain,
my loneliness, my grief?
No for you are now asleep.
No ill can trouble you now
But the lowly grass 
feels my maddening ache,
for here,
on this hill of tears
where I sit alone and grieve,
even the grass bleeds.

It was a short poem.
But it poignantly summed up how she felt that moment.
She closed her notebook and placed it on the grass. She looked at the mountains, no longer bluish, darkened by the clouds which struggled to hide the setting sun.
Again, she thought of her country, the Philippines. The land her grandfather had served with sweat and tears. The land her father had served with his blood, with his honor, with his life.
Poor land. So rich with Gods bountry. So poor with its leaders, with its people.
Killings. Communist insurgency. Coup d'tat. Crime. Drought in Mindanao. Typhoons in Luzon. Corruption. Nepotism. Cheating in elections. Wanton exploitation of its natural resources. Destruction of its forests. Mismanagement of its economy. Arrogance and ineptitude of its leaders. Then the July 16 killer earthquake. And now, the coming oil crisis.
People speak of fate. Of the sign of the comet in the dark Philippine sky. Perhaps, a disastrous crossing of the stars.
But deep in her thoughts, in her heart, she knew it was sin  the sins of the leaders in both government and private sector, the sins of even those who lead the flock, and the sins of the people who call their nation the only Christian nation in Asia.
Ah! Divine judgement. How pure! How sharp! How terrifying!
Lord, forgive us. Please forgive our people. Please heal our land she said in prayer.
And Lord, take care of him whom I have loved. I know he is happier now with you, for there in your kingdom, he will no longer experience grief, or mans ill-will, or pain. You know I miss him Lord, I love him. Thank you for sending him to my life, even for a brief time.
She wiped her tears with her palms, tears which would soak but could hardly wash away the lucid but painful fragments of the past, the torpid scars of loves happiness and grief.
It was darker now.
Half of the sun was already buried in the sleeping mountains.
She looked at the sea, and envied its calm, the calm which she wished she possessed in her hours of sorrow, amidst lifes tumultuous rage and endless inconsistency.
Then, an afternoon breeze gently blew by her, as if reminding her that Someone above whose compassion for the broken is full, and whose mercy for the downtrodden is rich and overflowing, was watching over her in her sadness, feeling the way she felt, bearing the cross of humanity, bleeding like the lowly grass.


###


Began in Quezon City, Philippines
August 3, 1990
Finished on the Hill of Tears, Aberdeen, Hong Kong
October 22, 1990, 9:44 p.m. 

Authors note: Chapters 1 to 8 of this novel were written in the Philippines, chapter 9 and 10 in Hsinchuang City, Taiwan, and chapters 11 and the last chapter in Hong Kong.






I dedicate this humble work to
Trygve and Borghild Bjorkas
whose commitment to Gods work
and whose compassion for
less fortunate Filipinos are exemplary.


Norbert L. Mercado






I am the grass,
let me work.

A POET



Back to Table of Contents

DEDICATION


Someday, when historians will record the saga of the Filipino, I am most certain that the names of the people who have plundered the economy, exploited our natural resources, ordered the murder of thousands of Filipinos for their political-ideological ends, will be prominently penned in the testimonials of Philippine history.
I doubt if the names of the overseas workers will ever be mentioned  people who have honestly and earnestly toiled with sweat, tears, and sometimes blood in order to channel the much-needed dollars to our economy.
At a time when industry, agriculture, and services are all down due to a series of natural and man-made catastrophes, the Filipino overseas workers have propped up our tattered economy, and saved our nation from total destruction.
But who is the historian who will ever record this?
In the absence of such, let me proudly pen the role of the Filipino overseas workers in rebuilding our economy  they who have been called the economic heroes of the Philippines, but whose names will never be mentioned in our history books. Not even as footnotes.
This is lamentable. But even more rueful, albeit comic, is the fact that the names of murderers, pretenders, exploiters, and highwaymen will prominently decorate the pages of Philippine history. Funny, isnt it?
Since no historian will ever dare to mention the names of overseas workers in their accounts, let me proudly pen in this book some of the names of the millions of Filipinos who have sacrificed safety and comfort for their loved ones, and for their country.
Like myself, they are simple people with smiles, comforts, tears, and encouraging words that can easily move the heart of any writer, especially the one away from his motherland.
I have laughed and cried with them. I have dreamed with them. I understand how they feel being away from their dear ones.
My heart beats for them and for the millions more who have toiled away from home.
I, therefore, humbly dedicate this book to them  the real contemporary heroes of our country  hoping that they would give allowance to what I wasnt able to write.
As they read this novel, I earnestly hope that their hearts will stay tender and hopeful, their voices resonant and brave, and their will to go on with their daily struggles, calm and resolute.
I wish them happiness and good health, especially the Lords blessings, guidance, and protection.
This isnt just my book. This is our book.



Back to Table of Contents

A HISTORICAL NOVELIST FOR PEACE


Dr. Norberto L. Mercado, DD, yearns to help bring peace to his war-torn country, the Philippines, through a unique "water for fire" strategy. The youngest graduate in the history of the National Defense College of the Philippines stresses that the strategy being adopted by the Armed Forces of the Philippines in confronting communist insurgency and Muslim separatism is "heroic", but it is a sure formula of defeat.
"In this age of revolution, the contemporary writer should utilize the pen for the preservation of peace," Norberto L. Mercado, a Filipino author, stressed. This is the reason why all the 13 books he had written in 37 months, an average of one book in three months, as well as the anthologies he has written and published, unapologetically assert the indispensability of peace in a nations progress.
The author has written more novels than any Asian writer has in just a brief period of time. In fact, he has surpassed the number of novels written by world-renowned novelists like Russian author Alexander Solzhenitsyn (winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature, 1970) and American authors Ernest Hemingway (winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature, 1954) and William Faulkner. Solzhenitsyn has four novels to his credit, while Hemingway has eight.
His style of writing is simple and succinct, but poignant and colorful. Hemingways THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA, which won for him the 1954 Nobel Prize in Literature, is as simple as I DONT NEED A THRONE, Norberts novel about the love story of the Princess of Thailand. Said novels are just as simple as Solzhenitsyns ONE DAY IN THE LIFE OF IVAN DESONOVICH. "The simpler the novel, the better," he said.
In line with Japanese Yasunari Kabawatas writings about the Japanese way of life, most of Norberts novels focus mostly on the current situation in his country. Kabawata is the winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1968.
His books present hope to the Filipino, especially to the "economic exiles" in Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan whom he has spent most of his time with, in their daily struggles. But most of all, his novels lucidly show the futility of war and violence in the resolution of political-economic-class conflicts in the Philippines.
"War should not be used as an instrument in resolving political conflicts. Writers who abet wars and revolutions must think of the widows and the fatherless, the chaos, destruction, and suffering of the people whom they claim to be concerned about," he said.
He grieves over the more than 50,000 Filipinos who have fallen victims of the current communist insurgency, and hundreds of thousands who have been wounded or displaced, the more than 30,000 victims of the Mindanao conflict, and the victims of a series of coup d'tat in the Philippines.
"Most of the victims are Filipinos. And even those who are not have as much right to life and peace as anyone else."
Dr. Mercado said that if Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo adopts his simple and unique "water for fire strategy", peace will come to the Philippines within a few years time. He stressed that the strategy being adopted by the Armed Forces of the Philippines is "heroic, but a sure formula of defeat".
What if, like Solzhenitsyn, Hemingway, and Kabawata, he eventually wins the Nobel Prize? What will he do with the US$1,000,000 award?
"I will use the prize for establishing a Peace Foundation that will assist in the formulation of policies which will resolve the current shooting conflicts in the country. Many have died, too many have suffered, too many tears have been shed," he said.
He will take charge of the foundation and personally campaign for a peaceful settlement of the conflicts in the Philippines.
"The insurgency and the secessionist rebellion have foreign supports. A Nobel title will give me the personality to approach the leaders involved in the conflicts," he explained.
Born on March 25,1955, he is the youngest among the children of Mr. and Mrs. Aurelio Mercado, Sr. of San Manuel, Tarlac. He graduated from the University of the Philippines in Diliman, Quezon City, with two degrees, Bachelor of Arts in Journalism and Bachelor of Arts in Broadcast Communication.
Voted Outstanding Campus Journalist in 1974, he was a columnist and associate editor of the Philippine Collegian, the weekly newspaper of the University of the Philippines system.
He has also written articles for various newspapers and magazines in the Philippines, as well as abroad.
He also won the 1981 National Essay Writing Contest sponsored by SIDESTREETS Magazine.
Norbert is a graduate of the National Defense College of the Philippines (NDCP), the topmost armed forces school in the country, where he was conferred a masters degree in National Security Administration (MNSA) and the rank of Lt. Colonel in the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP).
He graduated from the NDCP at the age of 32, the youngest in Class 21 which had already produced several generals in the Armed Forces, and the youngest graduate in the history of the National Defense College of the Philippines. He was elected one of the fifteen directors of Class 21.
He was conferred the degree of Doctor of Divinity (Applied Servanthood), Honoris Causa, for his almost 30 years work in Christian literature. His batch mates include Senator Robert Barbers, Undersecretary of Trade and Industry and Bulletin Columnist Nelly Villafuerte, Actor and Producer Fred Galang, Rev. Peter Vasaya, and the His Royal Highness Sultan of Sulu and Sabah Ishmael Kiram.
A sports lover, he was a rifle marksman in his UP ROTC days, and a winner of the 1988 and 1989 5,000 meter-run sponsored by the National Defense College Alumni Association. His sports include swimming, basketball, volleyball, boxing, karate, cycling, and marathon among others.
A traveler, he has attended various international conferences-trainings in Asia and Europe. His travels have widened his insight not only of places, but also of people he has constantly observed and empathized with.
He is the youngest graduate of the Singapore Haggai Institute for Third World Leaders in 1980 at the age of 24.
"Let us work for peace in our country, in any way we can," Norbert stressed. Jesus said, "Blessed are the peacemakers."

Ria M. Mercado



Back to Table of Contents

DID YOU ENJOY THIS BOOK?
If so, then I encourage you to write a review about at your favorite e-book retailer. Im sure your testimony will be of great help to others searching for their next great read.

YOU CAN ALSO CONNECT WITH ME ONLINE:
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/norberto.mercado.334
Twitter: https://twitter.com/mercadonorbert
My Blog: http://norbertomercado.blogspot.com
Yahoo E-mail: mercadonovels@yahoo.com

Share your thoughts and suggestions on how I can further improve my work. Both positive and negative feedback are welcome as long as it is done constructively.

Once more, thank you for purchasing this book and for your continued support.

Sincerely,

Norbert L. Mercado



Back to Table of Contents

DISCOVER OTHER TITLES BY NORBERT L. MERCADO:










