Buried in Sunshine
By Matthew Fish

Smashwords Edition
Copyright  2012 Matthew Fish
All Rights Reserved

I am fearful.  I look up to a calendar full of pictures of different exotic tropical locations that reads 7/13/2011 and realize that in exactly one month, I will be turning twenty-three.  I am afraid of growing older, growing up, and worst of allgrowing into nothing.   I fear a life that has no purpose.  My name is Emma Hope Corbeau, although I tend to leave out the Hope part for I often find that I have none.  When asked, which is not a seldom occurrence given my self-imposed exile from society, I tend to simply offer up the name EmmaEmma Corbeau.  My last name is often mispronouncedits Coor-bough, not Corbeww, or even Cardboard as people sometimes mockingly say as I correct their mistaken attempts to fumble the pronunciation.  I suppose I could be easier on them; after all, it is only a name and I so easily cast aside Hope.  However, I want it to be known.  I want to be acknowledged.  I want to be someone.  
I suppose that it should be enough that I am still youngor so that is what I am often told.  Just as I am told that I am attractive.  I have wheat blonde hair with bangs that hang just above my cloudy blue eyeseyes that look like an overcast afternoon with faint lines of white that form a wavelike pattern around the black of my iris.  I have a sharp nose that I find imperfect as it has a small bump across the bridge.  I am very keen on finding imperfections in myself.  My lips are a pale pink that is only slightly distinguishable in color from my honey colored skin.  I am skinny, I constantly skip meals.  I am not very tall, short some would say.  In the past people have said that I was very prettythat I was sexy.  I suppose, physically, the curves of my body and its feminine form have not changed muchit is just how I view myself that has changed in spades.  I do not think myself ugly.  I just find nothing appealing about myself.  I am perhaps too ordinary to be any kind of actress or modelplus my fear of speaking or being on display in front of a crowd easily squelches that avenue for success.  Then again, I do not know if that is what I want to be known for.  Despite my lack of hope, I do feel that I have to be here for some purpose.  Does God just make people who are destined for absolute obscurity?  if so, why do they do it?  Why make something that is worthless?  I know that it must seem like I am being rather defeatist.  But, as sad as it sounds, I feel I am being more of a realist.  After all, we cant be the whole anything we want to be we have been told so many times by our parents and people on the televisionhell, I cant even seem to do anything that makes my mother proud of me.  I cannot even function in a way that would allow me to be proud of myself.
My grandfather passed away when I was fifteen.  I felt bad because I spent most of the last year wanting to not exist anymore, when all he wanted was more time.  He wanted to continue to live, and now I so desperately wanted it to end.  I remember something he said once, under heavy medication, that has stuck with my every single day since they fumbled out from his slightly incoherent lipshe said, Emma You live just long enough to see everyone you care about pass away and all you dreams disappear into dust.  Living is a terrible thing but sometimes it is all we can do.
He died the next day at the age of ninety-one.  He had a pretty good run to be quite honest.  I fear that I will never make it to forty.  When I think about what he said that day, I wonder if it is a curse and eventuality afforded only to those who have lived a long life.  If I disappeared tomorrow, none of that speech would apply to me.  Then again, I already care for very little and my dreams seem so unreachable that they might as well be placed upon the moon and Im trying to reach for them atop a precariously positioned stepladder.  
I know that I will fall someday.  I feel as though it is my destiny to fail.  After all, my sister who was two years younger than Ishe killed herself in spring two years ago.   People around me say that I am in recoverythat my life is in a state of stasis because the mental injury of her passing is far too near and dear for me to move on.  I suppose that is a reasonable assumption to make.  Her name was Alexis.  She had blonde hair as well and crystal clear, sparkling blue eyes.  Her eyes always carried a weight of happiness to them.  They were the glittering sun upon a lake to my cloudy overcast eyes.  She always smiled.  I hardly ever smile, especially these days.  
It was my mother who found Alexis.  I was out.  My mother had just returned from clothes shoppingthere was not much in the two bags, although we have moneymom likes to live like we are poor.  She was headed towards her bedroom with two plastic bags in hand as she passed the bathroom and noticed that the door was ajar and the light was on.  She caught a glimpse of something swaying.  As she placed the plastic bags to the floor she slowly opened up the door and saw Alexis hanging from a bit of rope from the shower rod.  Alexis had removed the curtain and wrapped a length of cord around the iron rod.  She had stood at the edge of the claw footed bathtub and simply jumped off.  Alexis was a beautiful girl.  Perhaps, if she weighed a bit more she would have snapped the iron rod.  I would have never thought of going out that way.  I would have suspected that the rod would have broken or the joints holding it into place would have given way and I would have just ended up looking foolish.  Alexis pulled it off.  It could be said that anything she put her mind to would be accomplishedeven this final act.  I think about the reasons a lot, mostly because I did not see it coming.  I must be the worst sister ever.  She was also so driven.  She was going to a four year college for a fine arts degree.  She wanted to be a graphic designer or some kind of commercial artist.  None of that matters now, not anymore.
Sometimes, I rationalize her decision as something genetic.  Everyone in my family has attempted or succeeded suicide.  My great grandfather committed suicide after he found out that his eldest son was stealing from the company they both worked at.  He attempted to shoot himself in the head, he did not quite do it right and ended up dying in the hospital three agonizing days after.  My aunt, in a fit of depression, threatened to leave her family and drive their van into a lake.  The police stopped her before she reached any body of water.  My grandfather died as a result of severe liver damage that he sustained from taking too many painkillers.  It was the most painful way I had ever heard of someone dying.  I remember him just crying out in agonyhe wanted it to be over.  I suppose, he had lived long enough that he felt he needed to take matters into his own hands.  His wife, my grandmother, died nearly thirty years before he passedshe, however, did not commit suicide.  It was cancer that caused her curtain call on the grand boring play that is life. My grandfather never remarried; then again, I suppose it is hard to remarry at sixty.  Even my mother once attempted to drink herself to death after one too many unsuccessful relationships.  Instead, she just ended up sick for a few weeks with a nasty case of alcohol poisoning.  To her credit, she was never a quittershe still drinks and still attempts to have relationships (even if they are mostly of the one night variety these days.)
I do not know if my father ever attempted suicide.  I do not even know if he is alive.  He left us when I was around twelve years old.  Aside from a few pictures of him, I have no concrete idea of what he looks like currently.  I can form images in my mind of him holding my hand as we walk down the sidewalk when I am young.  I can remember him at birthdays, he always smiled.  I wonder if he still smiles.  I do not know why he left.  I always imagine that he is somewhere out there in the world, sometimes I think that he will come back for me and apologize in an attempt to make it up to me in some way.  I half expected to see him at Alexiss funeral.  He did not showof course.  I suppose, I take after my mothers side of the family.  I also suppose, you could say that suicide runs in our family the same way that cancer is hereditary in other families.  
I have not attempted to remove myself from the world.  I cannot promise that it will always be that way.  After all, it seems to strike us at random ageswhether we are twenty-one or ninety, it is probably an eventuality that I will have to face.  I wonder what will drive me to it.  Would it just be random like Alexiss suicide?  Sometimes I picture her waking up that day and looking into the mirror and just seeing something completely different than she had expected.  Like she sees someone looking back at her and she is not happy at all with it.  So she does the only thing she can to fix the issueshe hurries about the house looking for a length of cord (Alexis always did things in a hurry) and hangs herself.  If she could not be happy with the person that she waswhat hope do I possibly have?
I remember sitting outdoors in the large field of trees outside of our house after a few months after her death.  As I sat in the morning sun, thinking about nothing in particulara single newly formed leaf fell from an ash tree overhead.  I watched the leaf as it spiraled down to the ground and finally rested against a fresh growth of spring grass.  It made me think of her.  The leaf that falls in springthat is what Alexis was.  Unlike my grandfather who was a shriveled brown leaf that was loosened by a cold autumn wind, Alexis was a newly formed fresh emerald leaf that had a long existence ahead of her but fell to the earth anyway.  I cannot tell if the comparison is poetic or banal.  I would like to think the former rather than the latter. 
It is a Friday.  My mother, whom I live with, is outshe is always out.  I lie with my back against an old couch, my skinny knees resting against my stomach as I linger in a sunbeam.  I have heard that cats do this most of their days and I can see the appeal.  A filtered beam of light warms against my body.  I am wearing a short pair of cotton tight shorts and a comfortable slim fitting black shirt.  Feeling the hot sun against my body makes me feel closer to those I have lost.  Sometimes I wonder if every soul gets shot out into space and absorbed by the sun.  Although I hardly get out anymore, I find comfort in this spot.
My mind flashes to an image of Alexis dangling from her neck from the iron rod in the bathroom.  Even though I was not there to see it, my mind has reproduced an image so accurately that I can say for certainty that it was exactly how it looked right down to the color of the cord and the pitch of her lifeless sway.
This image constantly haunts me.  It torments me.  It leaves me feeling as though I cannot continue existing.  I want to be one with the sun like the others.  However, I want to leave something behindsome unremarkable lasting thing that states that I once existed.  I suppose I could carve my name in a rock somewhere.   However, I do not feel that it will be enough.  I do not know why I have this urge to be remembered.  After all, Alexis, who had so much talent, did not need this comfort.  How did she find it so easily to leave?
My mind is very random when it comes to thoughts.  I tend to trail off on different tangents for no particular reason and possess no rhyme to my disorder.  It is something that people either find fascinating or terribly frustrating, mostly the latter.  I often find it very easy to admit that I might just not be an all together likeable person.  Ultimately, I am alright with people disliking me.  
I should be comforted that I have something that does not allow me to follow in her Alexiss footsteps.  Without the need to leave something behind, to be rememberedI probably would not be here now.  I do not know how I would go about removing myself from the world of the living.  Everything that I have encountered or heard about in my life has either been too painful, messy, or slow.  I do not like the sight of my own blood.  I do not like the idea of being in pain.  When I was about eighteen or so I had my appendix removed forcibly by some doctors while I was drugged, asleep.  The following six months were the most painful and unpleasant memories I carry in my life.  There were days when I could not get to the bathroom without feeling as though the pain was too overwhelming.  Some days I wish I could have just given up.  I eventually recovered, however a small j-shaped scar now resides upon the flat smooth skin of my stomacha lifelong reminder.
I live in a three story old Victorian style house.  It was the one thing my father left us with, well that, and a rather large savings account.  He was a man who came from money and had purchased the home outright.  He spent his few years in its residence fixing up the place.  My mother says that the house was built sometime in the mid 1800s.  It used to be a farmhouse, until at one point, someone came in and allowed the three acres the house is situated on to be reclaimed by nature.  Now, a tall forest of evergreens and oak and ash surround the house.  From my spot on the third floor, it is a daily occurrence to see some wild deer amongst the leaves or to see a rabbit wander out from the tall brush.  The house has hardwood floors throughout and intricately carved wooden doorways.  Cold brass handles adorn the old creaky doors and a spiraling staircase leads down the three floors.  The top floor, my room, is a small space with one large window that looks out and has an attic like ceiling.  My bed is a simple wooden frame, besides my small couch and a painted white dresser with a cracked mirror, it is the only real furniture I have in my room.  My room is sparsely decorated, it feels empty.  An old bronze lamp that I found in the basement sits on my dresser.  I do not have any posters or paintings or pictures up hanging around.  I find it more comforting to stare at the wooden grain of the wallsometimes I see things.  I read that if you stare at a random pattern long enough that the mind tends to create images within the visual noise.  I have special spots that I have nicknamed angry bear, man sailing, and headless woman having sex.  To an outsider they would appear just natural formations in the wood; however, to me they mean something for I have spent time with them and they have shown me what I want to see.  
The second floor of the house is mainly bedrooms and the special bathroom.  My Mothers roomwhose name is Susan by the way (such an unremarkable name, Ive wondered if it ever bothered her) exists on the second floor along with Alexiss old bedroom.  Neither my mother nor I go in that room anymore.  The door stays shut.  The bathroom Alexis killed herself in remains in use, however, it has a fresh coat of sea-foam colored paint over its wallsI suppose it was an attempt by my mother to fix thingslike sea-foam paint is some kind of emotional band-aid.  There is a third smaller room on the second floor.  This room was to be my fathers office.  It still has his leather brown office chair and desk set up, only after all these long yearsit has become more of a storage room for boxes and bins.  I imagine the chair and desk are sad as they sit in there, buried beneath forgotten or unneeded possessions.  After all, like me and Alexis, they were both abandoned as well.
The first floor contains a kitchen that my father was kind enough to update with all the newest models of appliances (newest eighteen years ago) and new cabinets and marble countertops.  It also contains the dining room which we never eat at anymore; we stopped eating there before I hit my teens.  The family room with the large l-shaped leather couch and shelves of books resides just beyond the door to the spiral staircase.  From the kitchen, a small alcove is situated where one can gain access to the basement.  I do not like the basement.  The basement is a dimly lit dingy expanse that seems to stretch on further than actual house itself.  It is a series of purposeless small rooms and hallways that almost form a small maze.  I suppose in early days of the house it was used for storage of items, maybe farm equipment and grainnow it just sits mostly empty.  There are some old things down there, a rusty silver bicycle, some broken wooden dining chairs, some old clay pots, and a pile of cobwebbed and dirty canning jars.
My mother works every weekday as an office assistant for an insurance agent from around seven in the morning until five at night.  She always pressures me to ride along with her into citywe live approximately fifteen miles from the nearest large city (we are rather rural but not too far to be considered too rural.)  She wants me to see my therapist more.  I know she means well, but I could care less.  I often come up with excuses:  I am not read today.  I do not feel good.  I will go next time...  I do not need to go.  I do not need any help.  Often she just shakes her head and gives up and the conversation ends there.  I am not great at giving excuses, but with her willingness to concede so easily, I am never forced to come up with anything better.  She usually makes it home around five-thirty and after that slips out of her work clothes and into her casual wear.  After making sure I eat something she heads out to the bars.  Sometimes she comes back around midnight and gets some sleep before work.  Sometimes she doesnt make it in until much later.  I stopped caring.  
From two floors below me, I can hear the faint ring of the telephone.  I place my socks against the slick wooden floor, careful not to slip, and press my weight against my sore legs.  I should get more exercise.  I walk to the door in no particular hurry.  I know that by the time I reach the phone the caller will have long since given up.  I hear the last of the ringing as I reach the main floor of the old house.  I stand beside the phone.  We do not have an answering machineI do not even own a cell phone.  Like I mentioned before, mom likes to live like we are poor.  We do not even own at television.  I know that if it is important they will call back and if they do not, I will be making the trek back upstairs to my bedroom.
The phone rings once more.  I pick up.
Hello?  I ask quietly.  I have never been fond of speaking over the phone.  In fact, I hate it.
Yes, we are trying to reach Emma Corbeau.  A female answers on the other end.
This is, I shortly answer.  I have not received a call in months.  
Im really sorry Emma, The voice begins as she switches to a kind and gentle tone.  I I am a nurse at Alchemilla Medical Hospital here in city, your mother was admitted after collapsing at work She didnt She didnt make it.
What? I simply ask as I feel as though the floor beneath me is going to swallow me whole.  What do you mean she didnt make it?
Im so sorry, the nurse speaks, She died.  She just collapsed, she was brought here but it was too latethere was nothing that the doctors could do.
Died?  I mutter in a stupor.
Do you have any family that can bring you into cityis there anyone else that we should notify?  The nurse asks.
Its just me now I dont have the car.
Hold on, the nurse says as I can hear the voice of a man speaking in the background.
Emma, A man says as he takes over the conversation.
Yeah, I whisper, not knowing what more I could state at that moment.
This is Brian MetcalfeIm very sorry that you had to find out this way, The man says as he attempts to speak in a tone which I imagine he would find comforting to me.  The truth is no tone or manner of speaking will bring me back from my sense of complete withdrawal from reality.  I was your mothers bossyou remember me right?  I want you to just stay there and sit and wait.  I will be there as quickly as I can, alright?  Everything is going to be okay.
Sure, I quietly speak as I wrap a bit of the phone cord around my arm.  I hear a click on the other end followed by the familiar drone of the dial tone.  I collapse to the floor as the phone crashes down beside my feet.  I feel as though my world has completely ended.  My mind returns to the idea of ending it all.  After all, I have no one now.  Not my mother, nor Alexis, nor a fatherno family that I am close to remotely, no good friendsat least, not since I withdrew from society after my sister killed herself.  I pushed them all away; one by one they fell away from me like dominoes.  
I look around for some kind of way to end it.  Perhaps, I should go into the kitchen and slit my wriststhen the idea pops into my mind that I will not do it right and that Ill end up like my grandfather, in pain slowly dying in a smelly depressing hospital.  I know that I do not have much time, this Brian Metcalfe guy will be here soonI do not remember him, and I am sure that everything is not going to be okay.  Ill be forced to ride with this stranger to a hospital to see my mothers dead body.  Ill be forced to attend another funeral.  I cant deal with any of this.  Just the thought alone sends my mind spiraling into throes of anxiety.  Despite the overwhelming urges, I find it impossible to remove myself from my spot.  It is almost as though I am glued to the floor with a small length of phone cord wrapped around my arm like so many bracelets.  Moments and moments pass.  I curse my mothers dead name when the door opens without any resistance.  Once again, she has failed to lock the door despite my constant requests that she do so.
With heavy tears flowing down from my eyes, the large old man picks me up in his arms and carries me like a firefighter from a burning buildingonly it is not the building that is on fire, instead it is me.  The rage, desperation, depression, and overwhelming sense of loss are so great that I feel that I might simply explode from all the pressure.  

7/23/2012

It has been a little over a year since my mother passed away.  I went through the motions, despite not feeling as though I had a single ounce of strength to do so.  I attended her funeral.  With the help of Brian Metcalfe, I filed all the paperwork necessary.  I inherited all of her possessions, the car, the house, and the savings account with a little over three-hundred thousand dollars in it.  To an outsider this would seem partially like a blessingall that money, the nice house, the newer caryet, to me it is a curse.  I do not want any of it.  I mean it is great to not be homeless, or poor, but what I want most out of life is to not be alone.  I do not have that comfort.  Instead, all I am left with is depression.  
I am sitting in a waiting room.  The dcor around me is adorned with different sized earthen pots that sit upon the floor.  A dark marble table sits across from a brunneous couch.  Different shades of brown seem to be the major choice of color for the waiting room aside from a large paneled painting of a foggy road that travels through a brilliantly emerald green forest of Elm and Dogwood trees.  
Emma?  My therapist asks as she nudges me from my relapse into memory.  
Julie, I quietly say as I nod and follow her into the office.  
The office is filled with shelves containing numerous books on psychology and its various disorders and supposed treatments of said disorders.  I suppose I am, however, a bit jaded.  More pictures of serene countryside landscapes fill the wooden slatted walls and a tiny waterfall spills over a small pile of polished stones on an end table.  I sit on a different couch that is also brown; however, contains many variations of brown in a crisscross pattern of different shaded lines.  Julie Riley sits in a huge black brown office chair with bronze metal supports for its armrests.  She relaxes in her chair as she thumbs through a small notebook that she holds in her hand.
So today is a very big day for you Julie says as she averts her brown eyes towards me and nods.
Today is the day that my sister killed herself, today three years ago. I respond almost robotically.
And how have you been holding up?
I thought it would feel different todaybut it really doesnt.  I woke up today and drove into city.  It was on my mind all last night.  I was dreading it.  Today though, I feel just emptykind of indifferent.  Is that bad?
There is no good or bad here, Mrs. Riley says as she wheels herself over and adjusts her large frame in the chair.  There is no concrete way on how you should be feeling right this very moment.  If you feel a certain way then that is how it is.  It is what it is.  Every day is going to be a little bit different.  The main thing here is that you are improving.
I do not feel like I have improved much, I say as I think back.  I still mostly stay at homealthough I do get out a little bit more.  I dont go grocery shopping; I get all my food delivered.  However, I attend these sessions three times a week.  I pick up medication to help control my severe depression.  
You have improved a great deal I would say.  Do you remember the depressed girl who would sit for nearly the entire hour without saying a single word?
I doIm still depressed.
But you opened up.  You learned how to talk to me.  All you need to do now is to allow others into your life the same way that you allowed me in.
I dont trust people very easilyand if I dowhat is to say that they just wont die?  I almost feel that it is better for me to be alone even if I hate it.  At least then I dont have to lose anyone.  I say as I look away and attempt to hold back a tear that threatens to trace down the slender features of my face.
Eventually youll come to realize that you have to accept that life and allowing others inis ultimately unpredictable, Mrs. Riley says as she places a hand reassuringly upon my knee.  Just because there is a possibility that the worst could happen does not mean that you should deprive yourself of any happiness.  I know youve been dealt a bad hand.
A series of them
Yes, a series, but you cannot give up.  You have come so far.  You took responsibility for yourself and did what you needed to do in order to survive.  You did not give up on your own life.  Now the next step would be to not give up on other aspects of your life.
Im only here because Ive always been too scared to kill myself, I say honestly as I finally break and allow a single tear to escape which I quickly wipe away with the cuff of my sleeve from my light jacket.  I only do what I have to do to live because I do not want to die a slow or painful death
You said there was more That you wanted to be remembered, that you wanted to matter.
I cannot see any possible way that I could ever matter to anyone.  I see no opportunity to be remembered well, or even cared about when I do finally die, I say sadly.  I regret disclosing that bit of information for I knew that it could be easily used against meeven if that was not the intention.
That will come later, Julie says as she nods, You do small things for yourself and eventually youll be able to overcome the larger tasks that you need to get yourself back on track.  It could be smallyou could go to the beach.
Its not a beach, its more just some sand and a lake, I say out of spite.
Well you have the money to travel, leave Wisconsin for a while and see some of the worldgo and visit a proper beach.
The thought of leaving this area, sometimes even my house, seems impossible.  It is almost as if I get these hooks buried into my skin and they pull me back.  Ive tried to go somewhere elseit just doesnt work.
Then that is another thing you should work on Julie says as she fills out a short list and hands it to me.  You have made great progress in the past six months.  I just want you to work on a few simple tasks.  The first one being: Try getting out more, small steps.  I know its not an ideal beach, but Ive been told that its nearly indistinguishable from the ocean Second: Try and make contact with someoneanyone that could bring you the slightest amount of happiness, and finally: Do something.  Travel, return to college.  Work on something artisticI know you say that you have no ability but perhaps you just havent discovered your talent yet.  This last one you can take all the time you needbut the first twothose are important first steps.  Can you do this for yourself?
I take the list and fold it up and place it in my jacket pocket.  I sit silently for a moment as I bite my bottom lip apprehensively.  Ill give it a try.
Good.
How do I meet someone?  I ask, genuinely confused by this task.  After all, if it were just that easy, wouldnt I already have met someone?  I see people wandering the streets on my way here, or in line waiting for my prescription at the Walgreens.  I see other troubled people in the waiting room as I am leaving.  None of these people seem remotely approachable to me in the slightest bit.  
You could try and volunteer somewherean animal shelter perhaps.  Do you like animals?
Im not particularly fond of them as pets or being around them for that matter I say honestly.  Theyre messy and not as interesting as people make them out to be.
Well then that is perhaps not your avenue, Julie says with a short pause as she attempts to think of something more suitable.  Would you like to get a part time job somewhere?  That could be a great way to meet new people.  From what I tend to know, the easiest places to make friends are either through some kind of volunteer group, work, or school.
So it should be one of those then?
It doesnt have to be specifically, Julie says as she rubs her chin with the top of her silver pen.  You could even take a chance and just approach the first person you find attractive.
I doubt that I could pull that off.
Life will never surprise you unless you give it a chance to.
Did you read that off of a bumper sticker?  I say rather rudely, and then ultimately end up feeling bad for it.
I think in a book actually, Dr. Riley says in reply.  Sometimes I forget that she is used to my snarkiness.  But it is a valid statement.
I think that Im not an interesting person, I finally concede.  I look at myself and I see nothing redeeming.  I am not good at anything.  Im unusually critical of people.  Im even kind of rude.  I dont mean to beit is just that I dont know how to act or respond properly.
Well then we will have to add that as number four on the list: work on yourself and be happy with who you are.
I dont think Ill ever get to a point where Im happy with myself.
That doesnt mean that someone else will see something within you and help you draw it out.
Im not saying I wont try, I whisper as I sigh heavily.  Ill do my best.
Then thats all I am asking for.

*

I pass the beach on my drive home.  I contemplate stopping for a moment.  It is a nice day after all.  The midday sun hangs brightly in the sky and envelopes me through my car windows with the same familiar warmth that reminds me of being a part of those I have lost.  I pull into a parking lot.  I stare for a moment as the glittering water sparkles and the waves gently lap against the tan sanded shore.  For a moment I am overcome with sadness once more for the water reminds me of Alexiss beautiful eyes.  I see her face in my mind.  A terrible flash of a false memory encroaches its way into my headthe image of her hanging lifeless and swaying gently from the cord around her neck.  In tears I drive away.  I head out of city and into the country as I make the short drive home.  I think about swinging by the cemetery.  It seems like something I should dobut mom is there with her.  I dont need to go, I dont want to go.  I arrive back home.  I pull the car, a silver 2010 impala, into the rock driveway and park beneath the shade of a tall oak tree.
A rabbit crosses my path as I walk the short path that leads to my front door.  A red door stands at the top of three weather worn concrete steps with black iron rails on each side.  I place a silver key into the lock and give it a turn.  The door creakily opens.  I keep meaning to oil the door so that it is not so noisy; however, I am constantly forgetting to do so.  It is on a short list of things that either need repaired or replaced in the house, such as the screen on the back door, a window on the second floor doesnt shut all the way, and the basement needs to be swept for spider websbut like I said before, I dislike going down there and will avoid doing so as cleaning the cobwebs ranks very low on my priority list.
I enter the house.  In the warm spring sun I can smell the faint scent of cedar hanging about the air.  I pass the main hallway that once had pictures of my mother and sister upon themI have taken most of them down months ago as I could no longer stand to see them.  A taped up moving box full of family photos now resides in the basement.  I wonder if the pictures miss me, as sometimes I do miss them.
I make my way up the iron spiral staircase, which squeaks with each footfall, and head up to the second floor.  I pause for a moment as I stop and think back to when things in this house werent so quiet.  Now it is just meme and the house.  A house that is far too big for one person.  I have given some thought to moving, but I find that the thought of leaving gives me much more terror than the idea of simply staying.  After all, despite everything that has happened here, it is where I am most comfortable.  My therapist says that I should work on leaving my comfort zones if I want to get better.  I disagree when it comes to this house.
I think of going back into my mothers room.  There is still some paperwork that I have to go through.  I have been tossing old statements and documents over the past few months.  Today I do not feel like it.  Most days I do not feel motivated.  Today I feel depressed.  It could be because that today is the day my sister diedbut it is most likely not, most days I feel like this.  I wish I didnt.  Then again, if wishes were granted so easily then no one would ever want for anything.  I am not nave enough to believe that I am the only one in the world who feels this wayI just wish it werent me.  Then again, I suppose that is the fate of anyone who has depression.  They dont want to feel the way they do.  They envy those who can operate normal lives the same way that I imagine that the dead envy the living.  
I continue up to my room.  I kick off my shoes and peel out of my jeans and kick them beside my bed.  I adjust my pink panties with the little red flowers to be a bit more comfortable against my skin as I lie upon the old couch.  The sun feels warm against my bare legs.  I pull my shirt over my head and remove my bra allowing my bare breasts to be exposed to the sunlight.  I then arch my back and push down my panties, tossing them onto the pile of clothing on the hardwood floor beside me.  I allow the warmth of the sun to cover my naked body like a calming blanket of radiance.  I close my eyeseven with my eyes closed, in the sun, there is never a sense of darkness.  I clear my mind of all thought.  I brush my fingertips against the soft, warm skin of my stomach.  I allow my hand to slide down between my legs and begin to stimulate myself.  I bite my lip to keep all the noises that want to quip out at bay.  I begin to rub my wet fingers more roughly against my body.  I can feel a bead of sweat dripping down from my neck; it both tickles and excites me further.  I let out a short whimper as a hot, pulsating feeling of pleasure overwhelms me as I come.  I let out a contented sigh as my damp hand drops down to the floor.  I curl up into a ball and bury my face against the side of the couch.  The side of my naked body is warmed in the sunlight.  I fall asleep in the ambit of its comforting glow.
That afternoon I have a nightmare.  It is not the first time.  In my dream, the sun descends to earth and comes for me.  A massive glowing ball of white, it blinds me.  It does not blind me with darknessinstead, a forever endless brilliant white.  I can feel hands all over my naked body.  They are not here to comfort; instead they pull me into the flames.  I scream out as I burn alive.  Then, after I burn away to nothing, there is finally peace.  However, that peace does not last long as I find myself blindly trying to make my way down a dark hallway that extends seemingly forever.  Behind me a terrible sound of scratchinglike a thousand nails on chalkboardchases me.  I begin to run, but constantly stumble.  I cannot outrun the strange grinding noises.  I am thrown to the ground as my chin strikes against the floor.  I feel a crushing sensation, like a thousand hands against me squeezing all of the air out of my body.  Eventually I die.  I always die in my dreams.
My heart races as I awaken.  My body is covered in a heavy sweat.  My chest rises and falls quickly as I attempt to regain a sense of calmness.  My body feels hot.  I look to my side and see that my skin has turned slightly red from the sun.  I turn to my other side.  Despite the nightmares, I still feel comforted by the sunlight.  I suppose, in a wayI am disturbed.  I suppose if I werent, I would not be seeing a therapist.  The same sun that terrifies and haunts meallows me to remove myself from my situation in life and give myself some small amount of physical pleasure and peace.  I do not know why I also allow it to bring me pain as I constantly burn from staying too long in its sanctuary.  I suppose I have a kind of skewered relationship with the light.  Almost an abusive relationshipeven I know how messed up that sounds.  This is the one secret that I have kept from my therapist.  My one strange pleasure that I feel would make her think less of me in some way.  I cannot explain it.  Perhaps, in a way, I am crazy.  I certainly feel that way sometimes both crazy and depressed.  
I hear the phone ring from downstairs.  With a healthy amount of hesitation, I get up to my feet and walk naked down the spiral staircase.   By the time I reach the phone and pick up the old corded speaker, all I hear is the constant high pitch of the dial-tone.  I replace the phone onto the cradle against the wall and allow myself to slink down to the ground as I wait.  No one calls me these days unless Ive either missed an appointment or my prescription is ready.  The phone rings once more, I get to my feet and pick it up.
Hello?  I ask.
Breathing can be heard over the line but no response is offered.
Hello I impatiently repeat.  I can hear you.
The sound of some kind of sharp feedback forces the phone away from my ear which begins to ring in response to the high pitched noise.  
Yeah fuck you asshole! I shout into the receiver as I slam the phone down.
Fucking people I mutter as I begin to ascend the staircase.  As I reach the second floor I notice that the bathroom door is slightly ajar a yellow glow from the fluorescent lights escapes past the small opening.  I do not remember leaving the light on.  I pause for a moment.  Cautiously I creep over to the bathroom and place a hand against the rufous colored door and gently nudge it open.  I take a step into the room.  The shower curtain is closed.  My mind starts to believe that someone is perhaps hiding behind it.  I do not know whether it is paranoia, but I swear I can see something moving beneath its plastic surface.  I quickly cover my nude form with a long white towel.  With a trembling hand I reach out and draw the curtain back.  To my horror, I see the image of my sister hanging from her neckher face is twisted and lifeless.  I stumble backwards and hit my head against the sharp edge of the sink.  I can feel a sickening warmth beneath my head as everything goes black.
I Wake up against the cold wooden floor of my room.  Convinced I have had some kind of dream, I slowly get up and open my weary eyes.  I look to where my head lied and find my white towel covered in a haematic dried red crusty pool of blood.  In shock, I reach to the back of my head and find a small wound.  For a moment the light of the sun is blocked as my eyes advert to the window.  I see my sister sitting against my couch.  I am rendered speechless.
Alexis smiles, the light illuminates her hair and traces out her small familiar form in a faded yellow.  She is wearing a white dress, one that I have never seen before.  Her barefoot feet are bunched up beneath her and her bare arms are outstretched against the arm rest.  She looks surprisingly content for someone who is supposed to be dead.
Alexis?  I mutter as I instinctively reach a hand out to her.  Is that really you? It cant be.  This is not happening my mind repeats this thought as though it is a skipping record.  I must be hallucinating.  I must have injured myself.  Are you real?
The glowing form of Alexis smiles as she nods once.  
Are you a ghost?  I ask as I draw in my legs close against my naked body.  Despite the fact that this is my sister, I feel an odd sense of embarrassment at her seeing me nude and sunburned.  Can you talk?
The sun is coming for you, Alexis whispers in such a faint wisp that it is barely audible in the still air.
Alexis begins to approach me and in reflex I back away, crawling to avoid her touch as though she is some kind of monster.  I lock eyes with her, I can feel that she means no harmhowever, I still continue to back away.  I wrap myself up in the blood stained towel just as her hand comes into contact with my arm.   Her fingertips are warm to the touch.
What what do you mean the sun is coming for me?  I ask as I begin to tremble.  What do you want from me?
The sun is coming here, Alexis whispers as she places her heated hand against my shoulder and with her spare she brings me to my feet.  When it comes it will burn away all life all I wanted, is to tell youto warn you of what is to come.
The sun is going to crash into the earth?  I whisper as I attempt to shake away the thought that this is all some kind of hallucination from my head injury.  
Not crash, Alexis whispers as she begins to guide me to the hallway.
What do you mean?  I ask as we pass the bathroom.  As my eyes wander into the sea-foam colored room, I see a flash of blinding light and my head begins to throb in agony.
Its coming for you, Alexis softly speaks in such a calm demeanor it is almost as though she is delivering happy news with muted tones.  But when it comes, you need to be whole again.
I dont understand any of this, I plead as I continue to be guided along the hallway.  I place a hand out and attempt to stop my forward movementonly to find this action futile.  It is as though there is more force than just my sisters propelling me along.  Also, I do not like where we are headed.  For reasons I cannot completely comprehend, I am completely dreading it.
Were almost there
Alexiss room lies before me.  The door that has remained shut for so long, the old wood, the brass knob with a layer of dust upon the top of itI fear it. I do not wish to enter the room.  It is as though some force I do not wish to confront lies on the other side.  Please dont make me go in.  I dont, I cant do it.
Alexis ignores my trepidations and places her hand over mine.  She controls me as though I am nothing more than a puppet.  I try to resist, I pull up whatever strength I can to stop my hand from turning the doorknobhowever, this too is a pointless act.  I am powerless against her will.  The door opens.  
You have seven days, Alexis says as she pushes me into the room.  Starting tomorrowlive your life as you once did before he died.  When the time comes, dont regret your life.
Can I stop it?  I ask as I turn to face Alexis.  
Why would you want to?  Alexis answers as she begins to walk away.  Outside the window, the light of the sun is barely visible.  
I dont want to dieI dont want the world to end, I reply as I attempt to follow, but find that I cannot.  Inside of Alexiss room, it appears some kind of force is keeping me locked in here.
As the sun fades away, so will I, Alexis says as she faces me one final time.  Time is short and I have no answers today.  No more than you do.
Please just tell me what to do
I already did.
I cant live a normal life, I say as I shake my head.  I am having a hard time holding back tears as the emotion of the moment feels as though it will tear me into two.  If I only have seven days until the end how can I even begin?  What is the point?
You wanted the sun, you called out for it.  Part of you wants this.
I dont want it anymore.
Stay in the room, youll feel better, Alexis says as she raises her hand up.  Youll understand.  We will see each other again before the endalthough, we might not be the same people.
Dont go, I plead as reach out a hand towards my sister.  
Without another word, or gestureshe begins to tear apart and fill the air like burnt paper.  Embers of glowing red fly about in the air like streaking fireflies in the darkness of the hallway.  The embers sway about and turn to grey ash as they expend their energy and fall to the floor.  Eventually, there is nothing left of Alexis.
Unable to hold back tears, I allow myself to cry.  I turn my attention back to Alexiss room.  I jump as the door behind me slams shut.  My heart beating like a rabbits in my chest, I take a few steps into the dimly lit room.  I find an old desk-lamp and pull down on the silver chain illuminating the room in a faint yellow glow.  I see Alexiss old bed, her dresser lined with photographs, and her blank and bare walls.  I take a few cautious steps towards the dresser.  One picture stands out amongst all the others.  I pick it up, clearing away a layer of dust with a section of my towel.  In the picture Alexis stands next to a guy, it looks like some kind of danceperhaps a prom.  I find it strange that I cannot remember the moment clearly.
As I look at the guy, he seems like he should be familiar.  There is some kind of connection or fragment of a memory that my mind is having a difficult time piecing together.  My head begins to hurt once more.  What did Alexis mean?  The sun is coming for me?  None of it makes any amount of sense.  Out of the corner of my eye I catch a small flash of light.  I swiftly turn to face a full length mirror that hangs against the wall.  I set down the picture and begin to walk towards my own reflectionsomething is off, something not exactly quite right.
I look at my eyes; they are clear and brilliant blue.  It is not the right color, not at all.  These eyes  These are my sisters eyes.  I reach my hand out and my fingertips come into contact with the mirror.  Another wave of pain comes from my head, this time more fierce than before.  It feels as though something is trying to break out of my head.  Wave after wave of pain overtakes me as I am driven down to the floor and onto my knees.  My towel falls away.  In the mirror I attempt to make out my reflectionit begins to shudder and shake as though it is being shown to me by an out of focus projector during an earthquake.
My mind flashes in pain blindingly as everything grows black.  I fear that I have become blind.  I can feel myself shaking, tremblingI feel as though I am being ripped apart.  Without warning, I suddenly remember everything.
Everything calms.  The darkness remains.  Like my life flashing before my eyes, I can see fragments, parts of my life that I have forgotten well, not forgotten, perhaps, buthidden.  I see myself with the young man from the picture.  We are happy.  It is spring.  We are running along the shoreline.  He is chasing me and we are both laughing.  He catches me and is rewarded with a kiss.  That memory fades and in its place a new one appears.  This one is dark.  The young man, Aaron Chase that was his name, he is jogging with a pair of headphones on.  It is late; at least, I feel that it is late at night.  A pair of blinding headlights appears from behind him belonging to a truck that is driving very erratically.  It does not slow down as it strikes him and sends him flying off of the road.  Everything fades to black.  He reappears against the ground.  His breathing is very ragged.  His body is contorted in a disturbing way; blood covers the grass around him.  He is not whole.  As the memory fades away, Aaron chase stops breathing.  I am alone in the darkness once more.  I feel no sense of self, I can merely watch what unfoldsI barely even have time to react.  I feel an overwhelming sense of sadness.  I begin to understand.
A new memory lightens up the darkness.  I can see myself in bed.  It is daytime.  I look as though I have not slept at all.  I get out of bed and walk over to the full length mirror.  I place both hands against the mirror and stare vacantly at my own reflection.  I then rush out of the room and head down the spiral staircase and into the basement.  I search around the different rooms until I find what I was looking fora length of cord stripped from an old lamp.  In a hurry, I make my way to the upstairs bathroom and balance myself against the edge of the tub, reaching up to the metal bar above me.  I tie a makeshift knot around the cord and place my neck against the cord.  I allow my feet to slip.  The memory fades.  A new one replaces it.  I awake on the floor to my mother helping me up to my feet.  She gets me into the car and rushes me to the hospital.  That memory fades.  
It was me.  It was always me.  
A new memory breaks through the darkness.  I sit at a funeral.  It is not for my sisterbut for Aaron Chase, my love, my boyfriend.  As they lower his body into the ground the darkness follows swiftly behind.  I now see myself living in the attic.  Time speeds up.  I see myself day to day, hardly leaving.  I spend most of my days lying in the sun.  This memory fades as well.  I then see myself at a therapists office.  Then another, and another a series of men, women, I have no memory of them.  They all try and convince me that I did not have a sisterthat my name, the name my mother keeps trying to get me to accept is Emma Alexis Corbeau.  I see myself screaming at my mother, throwing things.  I repeat over and over that my name is Emma Hope Corbeau.  This memory fades.  I find myself once again in the attic.  Days pass by.  People stop trying to convince me.  The door to my old room remains shut.  Time passes and I forget.  I forced myself to forget.  I slip into depression.  I have no motivation.  I begin to describe myself as talentlessnever happy.  I see no joy in life.  I begin to compare myself to a sister I never hadmy former self.  I even trick myself into thinking my eyes are the only difference in our appearance.  They appear cloudy and grey as I look into the mirror.  This is false as well.  
The darkness subsides as I find myself facing the mirror once again.  I look at my own reflection.  I know who I really am now.  I was supposed to be the one that wanted something out of lifethe one that never tried to commit suicide.  This was as far from the truth as the earth to the moon.  I was the girl that used to always be happy.  There was never an Alexisat least, not a sister, or a ghostnothing more than a mere name.
I get to my feet and wrap the towel around my cold body.  Was it all a hallucination?  Was this my minds way of finally telling me the truth?  About what she had said, about the sun coming for methat couldnt have possibly been true, right?  Perhaps it was just part of some psychosis.  It all felt real.  Then again, I had convinced myself so much fallacy was real that I had built the last few years of my life around it.  Who was I now?  
I rushed downstairs to the telephone and dialed a number on a corkboard next to the old fashioned phone.  
Hello?
Dr. Riley?  I ask, although I suspect that it is judging by the familiar voice.
Emma?  The voice says in a rather confused tone.  Sorry Youve never actually called me, is everything alright? I know that today is a tough day for youhave you had any issues?
I didnt have a sister.
I am answered by silence on the other end of the phone.  Moments pass by.  I allow some more time to pass until I add, I am Emma Alexis Corbeau
How did you come to this?  Julie Riley finally whispers as she attempts to compose herself.  Her voice is audibly shaken.
Its a long story, I answer as I attempt to piece together the right words.
Would you like to talk about it?
I think I need to.
If you feel like youd be okay driving at night, Julie says as she pauses to allow me to objectwhen I do not she continues, Id be willing to meet you at the office as soon as you can get here.
I would like that, I reply.  Thank you.
See you soonbe safe Emma.

Day Zero
Chapter 1: Acceptance

Emma walks into the familiar office.  She sets her purse down on the mosaic stone table and rushes into Dr. Julie Rileys open door.  She has an uncertain look upon her face as she greets Emma with a handshake.  Emma notices that the notepad is nowhere to be found, she is somewhat confused by this as it seems as though this would be one of those moments that Dr. Riley would want to document.  Emma plops down onto the couch; she lets out a short sigh and holds her hands out before her as if to ask now what?
So  Dr. Riley begins as she leans forward and places a hand upon her chin.  A dour look is worn upon her face like one of those unhappy masquerade masks.  What happened today?  What triggered
I slipped and fell in the bathroom, Emma says a she places her hand to the spot on the back of her head.
Are you alright?  Dr. Riley asks as she gets to feet and inspects the wound.  She is no doctorat least in the most commonly accepted vernacular.  
I think so, Emma says as she lets out a short laugh.  Julie is no doctorat least in the most commonly accept vernacular.  The irony is not lost on her that a head doctor cannot properly tell if a head wound is something to be concerned about or not.  It doesnt really seem to be bothering me at all, actually
Maybe you should go the ER, at least to have it
I dont do hospitals, Emma interrupts as she sits back down and shakes her head at the very idea.  You should know that.
Of course, Dr. Riley says as she nods once and takes her seat.  She folds her hands in her lap and looks over Emma as though she is attempting to evaluate the situation that she has before her.
So I slipped and fell in the bathroom, Emma repeats as she looks away.  Her eyes wander to the wood grain of a nearby bookshelf.  Through the brunneous and beige patterns she discerns what looks like a slightly abstract symbol of the sunthe kind that you would have drawn as a kid, an imperfect circle with a few swathes of flame extruding from the center.  
Then you just remembered?  Julie quietly says, breaking the uneasy silence.
What?  Emma replies as she is brought back to reality.   Yes I remembered.  I saw myselfI went into my old room, there the memories came back.  It was like watching someone elses dream.  Once it was over, I realized it wasnt Alexiss funeralit was my boyfriends.  It was not Alexiss suicide attempt, it was my own.  I realized that these were my memories.
This is a huge step, Dr. Riley says as she finally allows a smile to cross her wide features.  I dont think you realize how big this is.  I mean, in terms of progress this kind of realization is amazingand youre taking it so well.  Do you even remember that you refuse to go out at night?
And here I am
Yes, Dr. Riley says as she nods reassuringly.  Here you arethe real and whole you.  You must feel some sense of accomplishment.  It has been a very long time since you assumed this older sister role.
I dont feel very accomplished.  After all, that means I was the one that tried to kill myself.  I was always so proud that I was the only one in my family that had not attempted itinstead, I find out that I was just like them, Emma says as she looks away once more.  Also I dont know how I should feel about this.  Its like someone has forced me out of my own mindlike another personality has taken residence in an already crowded apartment.  I have my own memories, and now I have these new memories and feelings.
I imagine that it will take some time for this adjustment to set in, Dr. Riley  says as she places her hand upon Emmas knee in attempt to keep her focus on the conversation.  The main thing that I hope comes from this, is that the old youthe positive parts of the old you.  That girl who went to college for art and design, the one you described as pretty and cheerful; I hope that those aspects of you help you overcome your anxiety and depression.
But what about the person that I have been for two yearswhat happens to her?
You are still you, Dr. Riley says as she squeezes Emmas knee.  You will always be youjust perhaps you will be able to do more.  A life with less fear is a life that is free.  Once you can start overcoming what you used to believe impossible you can do whatever you want.  You already made a step by leaving the house at night.  That is a big step.
It was because he Aaron, Emma says,, the name sounds so familiaryet alien to her.  She knew that she loved him.  However, there was such a sense of detachment that she could not quite comprehend the idea of him.  was killed at night?
Thats what I believe, yes.
How many doctors have I seen before you?  Emma asks as she rubs her temple with her palm as though the thoughts are giving her a mild headache.  That memory is such a blur.
I believe six.
Why so many doctors  Emma asked as she buried her eyes in the palms of her smooth open hands.  Why was I eventually allowed to believe that I had a sister?
You would only stop hurting yourself when people would agree  Dr. Riley replied as she frowned and sat back in her chair.  She let out a heavy sigh as she fingered the brass railing of her leather chair.  It wasnt an easy thing to doyour mother did not want to see you committed.  Even with all of your issues and anxieties, you were calmest when you believed that you were someone else.  As to why so many A lot of psychologists that you were seeing would eventually try to get you to face the truth and you would simply stop going.
So my mother, and youstopped trying?
We just Dr. Riley says as she hesitates as though deeply regretful.  It is not a decision we came to lightly.  We just wanted the best help for you.  I honestly believed that eventually you would come to realize the past.  I figured it was best to treat your issues and hope that everything worked out.
I know that she tried to tell me
She wanted you to be happy again.  That is all that she ever wanted for you.  She came to see me once a weekshe had so many hopes and so much love for you.  She constantly questioned if this was right or wrong, just like I have.  I just want you to know that the decisions and actions that we have made were not decided flippantly.
I understand, Emma whispers as she looks to Julie.  Emma manages a half smile and nods.  Whenever I think about people trying to tell me who I really wasall I can remember is screaming, throwing things.  Its all a hot ember red blur.
This is the first time Ive seen you both laugh and smile in a session
Is this a session?
More of a conversation about a success Id say.
Emma thinks to mention seeing herselfthat sister version of herself that forced her into the doorway.  It is also on the tip of her tongue to mention the strange warning about the seven days until the sun comes for her.  However, she keeps these two secrets tucked away as they only make her feel more insane.  She remembers the evaluation periods she has spent in the hospitals and although they are part of that life that remains a blur she has no pleasant feelings towards them.  So what do you recommend I do now?
I would sleep on it, Dr. Riley says as she pauses.  This is unusual for her as she is usually quick to come up with solutions and advice.  I would see how you feel about everything in the morning and just go from theretry something you are afraid of.  Maybe go out.  Do you remember anything about what you used to enjoy?
I still feel kind of depressed sonot much?
I guess then my advice would be for you to find things that you do enjoy.  Try new thingsgo for walks, listen to music, try running.  Maybe visit some friends.
Do I have any friends?
Whenever you described your sister, she did.
I remember I think I pushed them all away.
Then make new friends, Julie quickly replied.  Or try and contact some of the old ones.  Id like to say that, from experience, they would come back that they would understand what youve gone through and accept you.  However, the truth often is that friends do have a tendency to scatter when things get too serious.  Especially those who have never had an anxiety attack or suffered any kind of mental duress.
Make new friends
I know it sounds hard, Julie says as she gets up from her chair.  If you need anything, anything at allfeel free to give me a call.  I do not care if it is four a.m.  No matter what you need, you just call okay?
Okay.
One last thing
Yes?
Go out and get yourself a cell phone, Julie says with a reassuring smile.  
Sure, Emma says as she nods mindlessly.  She had reasons for not having one, however, they no longer seemed to either exist or matter.  I can do that.

*

As Emma exits the office building she pauses and stares up to the night skysomething she has not done in years.  The atreous canvas of night is spread out before her in its oft overlooked silent beauty.  Tiny stars softly fill in pinholes of light in the palette of shades of deep blue and blacks.  The moon appears as nothing more than a sliver.  The view fills her with a comforting sense of calmness.  As Emma is on the verge of tears, she begins to realizeshe has not seen the stars for two years.  She has no memory of nighttime for the last two years.  It was almost as if when the sun set, so did her consciousness.
Back in her car, as she drove through city, she slowed outside of a bar near a stop sign.  Of course, she has neither desire nor courage to venture indoors, however, she hears the sounds of human lifeconversation, laughter, raised voices over the rhythmic tones of music.  She smells the familiar air of cigarette smoke.  For a moment, part of herthe part of her that she thought long dead, longs for society.  A longing that she would not believe could even exist within her just a day earlier.  
Emma laughs as she clears away another queue of stray tears that escape from her azuline blue eyes.   She feels good, in a sense, to feel sad.  The thought does not make any sense to her, at least not completely.  She imagines that it is like enjoying a sad movieor a sad song.  It is depressing, slightly soul crushing at times, however, it makes you feel.  It then dawns on her that she is feeling.  The essence of human nature that she has unknowingly neglected to acknowledge for three yearsshe feels, she wants, she needs, more than what meager scraps of life she has entertained herself with.
As she exits the city and heads back towards her houseshe does not fear the darkness that surrounds her past the car headlights.  In the rearview mirror the orange glow of the city looms on the horizon.  It does not feel like a difficult distance anymore.  Before she knows it, she is home.  She pulls into the driveway, illuminating the tall pine trees in her front yard.  A raccoon scurries away from the trashcans near the house.  
Inside the house, it feels as though a heavy weight has lifted from the air.  Although she is its only inhabitantthe house seems to welcome her back home.  The lights shine a little brighter than she remembers.  The walls appear a little cleaneras she ascends the spiral staircase to the second floor she stops.  Out of habit she thinks to continue to the topto sleep in her familiar attic room.  However, this is not her room, not really.  It is time that she reclaimed her own bed.  She enters the old room, turning on the dim lamp on the dresser.  She heads to the bed and takes the top cover and takes it out into the hallway.  With determined hands she beats it against the stairwell allowing dust to fall down to the bottom floor.  The mess, she figures will just need to be cleaned in the morning.  Content that the blanket is as dust free as she is capable of making it, she returns to the bedroom.  She strips down to just her panties and digs through a drawer, finding a long shirt.  She slips the shirt over her head, covering her tanned naked chest and looks around the roomthings do not feel as awkward here as she thought it would be.  As she climbs into bed, she reaches over to the nightstand and turns on the radio.  She scans through various channels, mostly music, searching for something to listen to.  She finally settles on a talk radio station and turns the volume down low so the voices sound faint.  It reminds her of the atmosphere outside of the bar and does not make her feel so lonely.
She leaves the light on as she allows herself to get some much deserved sleep.
Her dreams, however, are not so kind.

Day 1
Chapter 2:  Reconstruction

Emma reaches out in the shifting inky blackness that surrounds her.  She lets out a short scream as a hand in the darkness grasps her wrist and squeezes it tightly.  She digs her nails into the arm, pulling them towards her in an attempt to free herself from capture.  A squealing, inhumane, noise responds as the hand recoils back into the darkness.  Emma begins to run blindly, hands outstretched.  She comes into contact with a soft, sickeningly wet warm wall.  She places her hands upon it despite the apprehension she feels with the contact of her skin against the sickly, sticky surface.  Her frantic fingers fumble upon what she believes is some kind of light switch.  She flips it, everything turns to brilliant white.  All around her the hallway is illuminateddisfigured, soot black, human forms struggle to free themselves from the dark blood-stained walls of the hallway.  Half of a head screams out in agony, glowing embers can be seen beneath its blackened flesh.  Hands reach out towards her; she begins to run, dodging hands and eager fingers.  Screaming faces come face to face with her as she passes each corner.  She finally reaches a long stretch of hallway that contains no human terror or blood stained blackness.  She sees a light at the end, although it seems miles and miles away.  Having no choice, Emma runs towards this light.  The screaming grows quieter as her feet carry her closer and closer to the dim light.  Emma pauses to catch her breath, she feels heavyalmost as though she is carrying a great weight upon her back.  A terrible, twisting, screeching of metal on metal comes from behind her.  She looks back and sees a great lighta blinding, painful, burning light.  She begins to run as the hallway erupts into flames.  She heads towards the open end of the hallway as fast as her feet can carry her.  Just as she feels as though she has covered a great distance and has placed a safe amount of space between her and the chasing light, she comes face to face with a familiar figureher sister, orherself.  Knife in hand, the short, blond haired, blue eyed girl lunges at Emma and plunges the knife into her stomach.
Why..?  Emma whispers as collapse against the wall. 
Blood begins to stream down from the silver blade.  The figure simply walks away without response or remorse.  The walls around Emma begin to turn black.  The light is growing closer and closer and the sound is all that Emma can hear.  The twisting, sickening noise fills her ears.  It feels as though her eardrums will explode.  Emma places both hands upon the silver knife in her stomach and pulls out with all of her remaining strength.  Engraved in the knife blade is the single word SOL. Her blood pours out black as she begins to lose her sight.  All that remains is the pain and the warmth.  Soon, she can feel herself set ablaze.  The pain is unbearable.  
Emma jolts awake, her breathing is heavy and her body is covered in sweat.  The sun hovers above her through the familiar attic window.  The sun has streaked a red swath across her stomach; it is painful and feels warm to the touch.  Naked and confused, Emma searches the sun faded couch for her clothing.  She cannot remember how she got here.  Her last memory, aside from the terrible dream, was going to sleep back in her old room.  Had she been sleepwalking?  
Do you not enjoy it as much as you used to?  A soft voice whispers in the quiet morning air.  
Emma jumps back, covering her naked body as best as she can with her hands.  Sitting on her bed is a familiar and unsettling sight, her sisteror is her?  Either way, it is someone that should no longer exist.  What who are you?  What do you want from me?
The form of her sister, covered in the short white, almost transparent, dress, gets up from Emmas old bed and tosses a worn grey gym shirt her way.  
Do you not know who I am?
Emma covers herself up and gets to her feet.  Youre not real.
Thats a terrible thing to say, The form says as her eyes narrow and her lips frown.  Its not terribly polite to go around telling someone that their existence is not real.
If youre real then why do you look just like me?
Why do you look like you?
Because it is how I have always looked?  Emma speaks as she reaches out and attempts to touch the form standing by the bed.  
You sound unsure, The form says as she does not recoil or flinch as Emma approaches her.  For three years you looked in the mirror and saw eyes that were not yours, you didnt see what you truly looked like.
As her fingers come into contact with the bare skin of the forms arm, Emma can feel the warmth of flesh.  She is not a ghostperhaps a hallucination?  Emma places a hand to the figures face, it feels smooth.  Her face feels familiarit is an odd experience, almost like reaching into a mirror and being able to interact with your reflection.  
Are you me?  Emma finally asks, dumbfounded.
Perhaps, the familiar form replies as she begins to pace back and forth around the short length of the bed.  Maybe Im just someone that looks like you?
Do you have a name?
Do you?  The girl asks as she crosses her arms.
Of course, Emma replies.  Its Emma
Elizabeth then
Why Elizabeth?
Why do you call yourself Emma?  Elizabeth asks as she stops pacing and faces Emma.  
Because its my name Emma replies.  She had expected the form to call herself Alexisthat would have made more sense, not that any part of this entire situation makes any sensebut that would have at least made a little sense.  She has not known any Elizabeths in her lifetime, at least as far as she remembers.  There might have been students in the same school, however, no one that she was close to.  
Elizabeth is my name.
Well then, Elizabeth  Emma begins, finally accepting the strange name that her mirror image has chosen.  After all, if she remembers correctly there is a much more pertinent matter at hand that needs to be addressed.  Why are you here?
Im not certainI just kind of showed up today.  I figured that there has to be a purpose. Elizabeth says as she begins to pace back and forth once more.  I suppose I am here to help you in these last daysI was sent, after all.  Although I dont know really why, I guess Im just a messenger?  Perhaps?
Who were you sent by?
The sun of course, Elizabeth says calmly as she stops and points out to the brilliant warm light that floods in from the large window.  Although, Im not sure why it sent me, Ive tried asking itit doesnt answer back.  I also dont know where I go at night.
I Emma begins as she attempts to collect her thoughts as though they have been spilt out of a jar and strewn upon the wooden floor.  So many questions fill her mindhowever, one terrifies her the most; this idea that the sun is coming for her.  I dont want the sun to come for me.  I dont understandyou said you wanted me to live again, like I used to.  You said you are here to help me.  To what end?  I mean because I used to wish to be part of it?  I dont want that anymore.
I do want all that for you, Elizabeth replies as she swiftly closes the distance between the two of them and gives Emma a tight hug.  She then whispers into Emmas ear.  Do you remember when you tried to hang yourself?
A little Emma whispers.  She is put off by the closeness between her and Elizabeth.  There is something strange, something unsettling, about their embrace.  She thinks back to the moment she attempted to kill herself, she only remembers fragments.  
When you placed the cord around your neck and kicked your feet off the edge of the bathtub, there was no stopping what would happen next.
I fell, the bar did not hold.
It was your fate to survive.  However, once you made that leapthere was no turning back.  Elizabeth whispers as she releases her embrace.  It is just like that.
What do I do?
Right now, you have to come with meafter that, breakfast.
Where are we headed?
If I told you, Elizabeth says as she takes Emma by the hand.  You wouldnt want to go.
Emma felt herself being pulled down the staircase.  Just as it was when she entered her old roomshe had no choice.  This being, Elizabeth, is much stronger than her.  Her will much more dominating.  Emma stumbles on the last step and lets out a short cry as she felt herself falling to the ground.  Her hand slips away from Elizabeths.
Stop Elizabeth whispers.
Emma froze in midair; her face was a few inches from striking against the hardwood floor.  She cautiously places her hands against the wooden floor and steadies herself.   She got to her knees as Elizabeth held out a hand to help her up.  How did you?
Im not sure, Elizabeth says as she cocks an eyebrow.  I dont know?
Emma takes Elizabeths hand and is back on her feet.  Thank you
Elizabeth nods in reply; she still has a confused look upon her face as though she is trying to figure out exactly what just happened.  She shakes her head as though to clear away the confusing thoughts and leads Emma towards an old wooden door with a brass flower designed handle.  She then places Emmas hand upon the door.
The basement  Emma whispers as she bites her lip nervously.  Despite her newfound courage, she still is apprehensive about going down into the basementeven when she was morenormal, she still felt strange in the basement.  It was not only due to the fact that she found the cord there to hang herself.  There was simply something more, perhaps it was just a common fear that a lot of other people also haveperhaps there was something more.  Elizabeth bringing her here would point to the latter.
Yes, Elizabeth says as she pats Emmas hand reassuringly.  
Were going down there?
You are going down there, Elizabeth says as she shakes her head.  Not enough lightits not Its not good for me.  Also Im not particularly fond of the place.
What am I looking for?
I dont know, Elizabeth answered as she brought her hand to her chin and began to rub it the same way that Dr. Riley often would during their sessions.  I imagine youll know it when you see it?
Right, Emma says as she takes in a heavy breath for confidence and turns the knob.  The old door creaks on its rusty hinges as the straight staircase is revealed beyond the threshold.  She pulls on a metal chain and the basement is illuminated in a pale yellow glow of old dusty lights.  
The first step is always the worst, Elizabeth speaks as she walked away.
Right Emma adds, although she secretly thinks to herself whatever the fuck that means.  At this point she felt that every moment of this excursion was going to be the worst.  She takes that proverbial, and literal, first step and follows it quickly with a second and third.  She reaches the bottom of the stairs with little incident.  
Now what am I looking for?  Emma mutters as she begins to navigate the labyrinthine basement.  She passes room after room.  Some were filled with boxes, Christmas decorationssome were empty.  She attempts to imagine what purpose all these places had back when this was a working farm.  As she passes one room she shudders as a large slab stone table stands in the center and a drain lays sunken into the ground nearby.   A sink exists in the corner; her mind flashes horrible thoughts of animals being slaughtered upon the cold stone tablethe blood draining down into the hole.  Something about the table makes her feel uneasy.  She continues on, attempting to remove the negative thoughts from her overactive and overly visual mind.
As she reaches the back wall, Emma finally discovers what she believes she is looking for.  Upon the far brick wall, a crude image of the sun has been drawn in white chalk along a section that looks slightly different than the rest.  Emma wonders why she never noticed it before.  Perhaps, it was because she was never really looking.  Even as a child she had a bad feeling about this place.
A metal rod, probably used to hang curtains in the past, rests against the ground nearby.  Emma picks it up and hits it against the regular looking section of the wallthe rod vibrates violently in her hand as a dull thud echoes through the basement.  She then takes the length of metal to the suspicious wall with the drawing of the chalk sun.  She brings both of her hands back as she tightens her grip upon the rod and swings it at the wall.  The loud, resounding thud seems to echo through the wallthe noise is not just confined to the basement, as she suspected, there is something behind the wall.  After all, it was a little obvious, but she had to be sure.
Emma tosses the bar to the ground and makes her way back towards the stairs.  She feels a little better having completed her taskand, at least, this time there was no horrible revelation or series of flashbacks.  Just the revelation of an empty spaceperhaps a secret room behind the far wall.  She hopes there is nothing terrible beyond the bricks and mortar.  Her overly vivid imagination flashes her ideas of a dead body, decomposing over the years.  Or worse, a long dark hallwayone with hands that would grab her and pull at her as the light chased her.  The latter was more a product of her nightmares and seemed less likely.  This truth gave the idea that a decomposing body resided beyond the wall was a much better choice and seemed to disturb her much less when presented with the two options that her imagination posed.
Emma opens up the door; she is relieved to be back on the first floor the house.  She follows the smell of cooked bacon as she rounds the corner and enters into the kitchen.  
Emma?  Elizabeths voice asks as the clatter of plates is heard in the kitchen.
You cooked?  Emma asks as she spots a plate of food set out upon the kitchen table.  A plate of scrambled eggs, bacon, and some toast with butterno jelly, Emma hates jelly in all of its various flavors and forms.  
It felt like the right thing to do at the time, Elizabeth says in a monotone voice as she pauses and looks blankly out the kitchen window.  It appears as though, in some way, she is not always completely in control of her actions.
Thank you?  Emma says, confused at Elizabeths strange actions.  Arent you going to eat?
I dont eat.
Emma places her hand upon the chair and slides it outward.  She sits, all the while keeping her eyes on Elizabeth who seems fixated upon something outdoors.  Do you want to sit with me?
Im fine here.
Emma begins to eat.  It has been a long time since she has had a home-cooked mealeven if the circumstances are rather questionable, she is quite grateful.  The eggs are cooked to perfection, and the bacon is crispy and not fatty.  The toast is buttered, overly buttered, just as she always liked it.  Thank you again Elizabeth.
Huh?  Elizabeth whispers a she turns away and looks to Emma.  Outside the window, a small grouping of clouds is besieging the morning sun.
I found the chalk sun, Emma says as she drinks a glass of orange juice.  It was a little ham-fistedly obvious.  What is on the other side?
I dont feel right, Elizabeth whispers as she places her elbows upon the table and buries her face in her hands.
Emma gets up and rushes to Elizabeth side.  She places her hands upon Elizabeths shoulders.  Youre cold
Elizabeth looks to Emma.  Her blue eyes dark back and forth as her breathing slows.  Who am I?
Youre Elizabeth Emma whispers as she catches Elizabeth as she collapses from the chair.  Emma begins to freak out as her face turns blue.  Her breathing has stopped completely.  She places Elizabeth down to the floor.  She has to get to the phone and call an ambulancedespite the fact how strange this will all seem.
Just as Emma reaches the phone, she looks to Elizabeth and sees her erupt and tear away like dying embers of a fire.  She allows the receiver to fall to the floor as she begins to walk back to the kitchen table.  All that remains of Elizabeth is a small outline of black soot.  The last of the glowing embers rises into the air and disappears with a soft hiss.
Emma covers her mouth and represses a scream.  She does not know why this image fills her with such horrorit is not as though she has not witnessed this transformation before.  However, this time, she felt something.  Emma felt closeness to this creature, this human?  She was not the terrifying ghost she was before; she was vulnerable, and caring.
The light from the kitchen window grows brighter as the clouds retreat and allow the sun to stream back into the kitchen.
With a terrible gurgling gasp for air, Elizabeth reappears upon the floor.  There is no grand entrance, no sign of her returnshe simply exists again.  Elizabeth begins to contort her body in odd ways as she struggles to get back to her feet.  Her breathing is heavy and tormented as though she has just escaped some kind of hell.
Emma watches in disbelief, her feet are glued to the very spot by the shock of it all.  As she allows the fear to wash away, she rushes to Elizabeth and helps her back up to a sitting position on the table.  Are you Are you alright?
Where Elizabeth manages between heavy breaths.  Where did I go?
I dont know.  You were here, and then you just kind of disappearedyou kind of burned away to nothing.  It was terrible.  It was just like the first time we met.
Elizabeth begins to cry.  
Im sorry, Emma says as she places her arms around Elizabeth.  The warmth of her skin has returned.  It is almost as though this is a completely different person than who visited her the first time.  There was no vulnerability in the first visitorshe seemed like a much stronger, resolved presence.  
That first night I kind of remember.  Elizabeth whispers as she attempts to compose herself.  She wipes away the tears with the short sleeve of her white dress.  As the sun isso am I.  I never realized it would hurt so much.
It was the clouds then?  Emma asked as she looked out the window and to the sky beyond.  When the sun set the first night you disappeared.
I feel weak.
You should rest, Emma says as she takes Elizabeth by the hand.  As she leads the girl up the stairs to the second floor she finds it strange that she has come to care so much, so quickly, for someone who has brought her a message of dooma message of her nightmares becoming a stark reality not just for Emma, but for all.  
This is your bed, Elizabeth protests as Emma helps her beneath the covers.  
Just rest, Emma replies.
Youre going into city now.
I planned on it, Emma says as she sits at the edge of the bed and looks to Elizabeth.  There is some kind of connection, despite the obvious, she almost feels sisterly to the being.  I can stay here for a bit though, if you like.
You need to go, Elizabeth weakly replies as she turns away and faces the window, another group of clouds are approaching from the distance.  This is my purpose.
I dont understand, Emma says as she places her hand upon Elizabeths, it is growing cold to the touch.  Why do something if it brings you such pain?
Take Pennsylvania Streetto get to the store, Elizabeth whispers as she watches the sky in apprehensive nervousness.
Do you need anything?
Have a good time.
Is there anything that I can dothis just seemsunfair, Emma says as she begins to head towards the door.  You shouldnt be suffering while Im out.
You shouldnt care so much about me.  Dont forget who sent me.
Did you ever hear the expression dont shoot the messenger?  Emma whispers as she stands by the doorway and looks to the tortured form.  In some strange way and despite the knowledge to the contrary, Emma still partially views Elizabeth as her sister.  
I never have, Elizabeth whispers in reply.  A laptop
You want a laptop?
For you, Elizabeth says as she begins to shudder slightly.  Get internetand whatever else makes you happy.  Get something that makes you happy.
About the basement
That will work itself out, Elizabeth interrupts.  
Right, Emma says as she nods, she lingers for a moment longer.  She does understand the horrible circumstances for which Elizabeth is herehowever, she cannot hate her for it.  Especially after seeing Elizabeth endure such terrible pain, she seemed like a lost soul.  Perhaps the old Emma could be uncaring, however this new version, this more complete person that Emma has becomethis Emma could not be apathetic.
Go

*

As Emma approaches the city she detours from her familiar route and makes her way down Sixth Street so that she would eventually cross Pennsylvania.  As she approaches the road she turns and drives a short distance down the street.  This route is a little out of the wayhowever, she feels that there has to be a reason.  As she passes the second set of traffic lights, she spots the back of a girl walking barefoot on the sidewalk.  She is dressed in the familiar, bright white, short flowing dress and has blond hair.  
Elizabeth?  Emma whispers as she begins to slowly tail the mysterious girl as she walks down the street.  A horn resounds from behind her as a car passes her and the passenger, a non-descript male, gives her the finger.  Emma ignores the gesture and keeps her focus on Elizabeth.  The girl stops in front of a building, and after a brief pause, she enters.  Emma pulls her car over to the closest available spot.  She digs through her purse for some change and feeds the meter a few quarters.  She rushes down the sidewalk and enters the doorwayhowever, to her surprise; the girl is nowhere to be found.  Instead she finds herself in a familiar office.  Realizing where she is, she quickly turns.  However, it is far too late for that.
Emma Corbeau?  A mans voice speaks from behind her.  Is that you?
Im sorry, Emma says as she turns to face Brian Metcalfe.  
No need for apologies, Brian says as he gets up from behind his desk and hurries over to greet Emma.  I havent seen you in a long timeAt least, not under any kind of good circumstance.
I just wanted to come and thank you for all of your help, Emma says as she attempts to come up with a viable excuse for her coming here.  She did intend to thank the tall, large kind manhowever, her former self was always too afraid, too self conscious to actually come here and do so in a proper manner.  I You helped me a lot when I needed it.  I just wanted to let you know that I dont think I could have made it through my mothers funeral, or all the paperwork, or any of thatwithout your help.
Your mother was a great woman, Brian Metcalfe says as he lets out a heavy sign and rests his heavy set frame against an old oak desk.  Not just a great worker, but just wonderful to be aroundalways kind...
She was very kind, Emma agrees.  I had a lot to work out.  I dont know if she told you that I hadissues?
She said you had been through a lotregarding an accident of a friend.  I understand though.  I expected that you might never come here, or see me, with your mothers death--I had imagined that I would just bring back bad memories.
These days I feel better.
That is so good to hear Emma, Brian says as he nodded.  I know it must have taken you a great deal of courage to come to your mothers workplaceit looks like youve really made a lot of good steps.
Yeah, Emma says quietly.  The truth is much farther than Brain can possibly even imagine.  Just being in the spotthe same building even where her mother diedinstantly, brings so much terror to Emma that it takes all she has inside of her to hide her true feelings.  You didnt see anyone come in?  by the way?
Nope, its been a slow day, Brian says as he knocks against the oak desk with his knuckles.  Hopefully it will remain soId like to get out of here early today, the wife has dinner plans for us and they involve driving two hours north.
Sounds like fun, Emma says, despite the fact that she was only half paying attention to anything that he was saying.  I should go
If there is anything else you need, in the future, Brian says as he smiles and nods to Emma.  There was never any need to come and thank me, it was my honor to help in any way that I could.
Of course, Emma whispers as she turns towards the door.  Through the glass she makes out a truck that pulls up right in front of the building.  Emma pauses as a young man steps out of the white construction truck and makes his way towards the office.  He is of average height, his hair is black and slightly messed up from both work and wind, perhaps a bit of neglecthowever, it makes him look slightly edgy.  His skin is dark, most likely from working outdoors.  He is wearing a grey t-shirt and dirty tan cargo pants.  As the young man approaches, Emma can make out his face more clearly.  He has a kind look to his eyesa pale citrine green.  His face is rough, almost as though he has gone a few days without shaving.  As he passes into the building a wide magnificent smile spreads across his face.
Hey dad, the attractive, Emma realizesfor the first time in a long time that yes, she finds someone attractive, the young man says as he passes Emma.  Are we still good for lunch today?
Of course, Brian Metcalfe says as he relieves his weight against the oak table as it creaks quietly almost as a sigh of relief.  I was just talking to Emma here, you met her motherSusan Corbeau.
Right!  The man says as he turns his attention to Emma.  Im Im really sorry for your loss.  I talked to your mother almost every day when Id come in to steal my dad away for lunchshe was, she was really nice.  I saw you at the funeral, I wanted to say somethingbut I couldnt think of anything to say.  So Im sorry we never met, properly.
Thank you, Emma says as she nods and nervously fidgets her fingertips against the seams of the legs of her jeans.  Its fine.
Ethan, The young man says as he wipes away his dirty hand against his already dirty pants and extends a handshake to Emma.  Im sorry I should have mentioned that earlier.
Emma, Emma says as she takes the handshake.  His hand is warm to the touch, Emma beings to wonder why she would even think it would not bethen again given the circumstances, she supposed that anything was possible.
Would you like to join us for lunch?  Brain proposes.
Yeah, Ethan quickly agrees.  We would be glad to have you join us
I would like to, Emma lies.  The prospect of being around the attractive man does sound rather alluring.  However, Brian does bring back too many bad memories.  She is not ready to deal with the both of them, at least, not at the moment. I have to pick up my new cell phone todayI was on my way right now.  I would by the way do you do what kind of construction do you do?
Oh, Ethan says as he reaches in his pocket and pulls out a card.  Its mostly home improvement.
Could you knock down a wall?  Would that be in your capabilities?  Emma asks.  She begins to realize that perhaps there truly was a reason coming here beyond an unpleasant memory and some rather attractive eye candy.
Yes, Ethan says as he looks puzzled for a moment.  That would be a pretty easy task.
Great, Emma says as she begins to head towards the door.  It was great seeing you again BrianIm glad I got a chance to thank you for all the help with my mom.  It was really great meeting you Ethan.  I am definitely going to give you a call, once I get my celland maybe you can come and knock down a wall for me?
Yes, of course, Ethan says as he continues to keep that slightly puzzled look upon his face.  He hands Emma a card for his home improvement business.  Feel free to call me anytime, my days are pretty busy but any evening Im free.  I mean pretty much every evening Im free.
Thanks again, Emma says as she places his card in her pocket and leaves the building in a hurry.
Her cheeks glow a deep red as Emma returns to her car.  She does not know whether she should be angry at Elizabeth for leading her back to that office, or thankful that she had inadvertently introduced her to Ethan.  Or perhaps it wasnt happenstance, but planned.  As Emma drives away, she waves to both Brian and Ethan; who both wave in return.  Her last vision of Ethan is of that wonderful smile, Emma is glad that he no longer appears puzzled.  Perhaps he still isas Emma runs over the conversation in her mind it seems a bit mad.  However, given her newly reacquired social skills, she feels that she fared fairly well.  

*

I dont know, Emma says as she looks at the array of phones that are spread out before her.  An entire buffet of technology that she has not been keeping up on for two years is laid out like some gluttonous feast.  Whats popular?
The latest Iphone is always a popular choice, The representative whose nametag reads Michael says as leads Emma to a small selection of square phones.  The newest one you can ask questions, tell it to set up important dates, and look up directions--all by voice.
So I can talk to it?
You havent seen the commercials?
I havent been keeping up with TV stuff, Emma admits as she picks up the tethered display model.  
Have you ever had an iPod touch?  Michael the salesman asks.
Emma thinks back.  She had something similar two years agoperhaps an earlier version.  She recalls throwing something in a fit of rage and the glass breaking against the end of the kitchen tablethat would account for the small dent that she has noticed over the years.  Yeah I believe I had one of those.
Its just like that, only a phone as well.
So Id be familiar with it, Emma guesses.
Yep, only with the added voice control you can ask it things.
I have enough strange things talking or interacting with me, Emma says as she realizes how absurd and crazy that statement must sound.  She shrugs it off; after all, she is buying a phonenot being psychologically evaluated.  Ill take one that isnt sentient.
Do you want the warranty?  You know, in case anything happens with the phone you can have it replaced for a small feeinstead of paying the full price?
In like six days Emma begins, and then stops herself.  Lets just go with no.

*

Emma tosses the box for her new phone into the backseat of her car.  She powers on the device as she pulls Dr. Rileys phone number from the glove box and punches it into her contacts.  She then digs through her pocket and adds Ethan as well.  There is a sense of familiarity in the whole phone processEmma must have owned one in the past, where it was now, is anyones guess.  She has a faint memory that it was her mother that was technologically simplistic, not Emma.  Bits of a conversation come to mind of Emma attempting to convince her mother to at least go wireless and ditch the antiquated twisted cord wall-phone, to obviously no success.
Emma dials Dr. Rileys numbershe is making her first call in at least two years.  She feels nervous as the phone rings.
Hello?
This is Emma, Emma states simply.
Oh, of course, Dr. Riley responds as her tone lightens.  Is this your new number?
Yep, Emma replies as she attempts to say something more but feels somewhat uncomfortable speaking over the phone.  
Are you still coming in for tomorrows session?
At three oclock?
Yes, thats what I have you down for.
Ill be there, Emma says as she attempts to end the conversation but is cut off.
So how are things going, how are you feeling today?
Im good, Emma answers in a rushed voice.  Going to go and get a few things todaythen going to call someone to have some work done at the house.  I met someone, seems nice, hopefully a good friend at least.
Thats great Emma, Dr. Riley says in a cheerful tone.
Ill see you tomorrow, Emma says as she pauses for a slight moment and then blurts, Goodbye
Goodbye Emma, take care.
Emma presses the end call button on the phone and slips it into her pocket.  She has no idea why she feels so nervous and awkward while speaking over the phone, especially to someone who is already familiar to her.  Maybe it has something to do with the pastreceiving that fateful phone call that her mother had died.  That event was sounexpected and traumatic.  Emma felt regretful that her mother could not be here to see that she had accepted her true self.  She would have liked to talk to her one last time, at least, in her renewed form.  
Emma pushes away the negative thoughts as she puts the car into drive and heads towards the electronics store.  
Once there, she is greeted by a pushy salesman who attempts to talk her into buying something large and flashy.  It is at this point that Emmas experiences in design kicks in.  She knows what is good and what is bad regarding laptopsthe memory of working with them and on them comes in short flashes as the man attempts to recite his pitches on the pros and cons of screen sizes, ram, and processor speeds.  Emma picks out something small, but fast and ultra-portable.  She finds a nice orange purse style case with little red and green flowers imprinted in the fabric.  She ignores most of the salesmans suggestionsshe also does not buy the warranty that he recommends.
On her way to check out, she picks up a wireless router.  She also procures a list of service providers from a much friendlier cashier named Ann who has no ulterior motives and nothing to gain from a sale.  Emma tips the cashier a twenty for being helpful.  
On her way out in the parking lotEmma picks the first internet service provider and calls them.  As quickly as she can, she places an order to for service to be hooked up at her house.  Luckily, she is not too rural to get high speed internet.  An offer of extra money seems to put her on the top of the list and she only has to wait one day instead of the three she was just quoted.  
As Emma begins to slip the phone back into her front pocket, it begins to ring.  She looks at the display and sees a familiar numberher own, from the house.  For a moment she is shaken by the eerie sight, but realizes rather quickly that it must be Elizabeth.  However, how she got this number is a mystery unto itself.
Hello?  Emma answers.
This is Elizabeth, The soft voice speaks over the phone.  
I had a suspicion, Emma says, it seems as though some of her snarky personality remains intact.  Then, remembering the pain that Elizabeth had gone through, she changes her tone to one that is more caring.  How are you feeling?
Bettermuch better, Elizabeth says, although she sounds tired.
I saw you earlieryou could have warned me about where I was going.  I know we needed someone to take care of that basement wall, but did it have to be him?
Just like the basement, if I had told youwould you have gone?
Fair enough, Emma reluctantly accepts.
Also Elizabeth says as she lets out a short cough.  I didnt leave the house today.
I saw you, Emma objects as she shakes her headwhich serves no purpose as Elizabeth cannot see this reaction.
It could have been another.
What do you mean another? another youanother me?
It is possible?  Elizabeth answered, unreassuringly.
Great
Are you having a good day?
I suppose so, Emma says as she pauses for a moment to reflect the events so farshe could have done without being ambushed by Brian Metcalfe, however, his son was nice to look at.  Shopping was fairly boring, but at least she had gotten out.  Should I head home?
Theres a beach a few blocks away from your therapists office, Elizabeth replies.
I should go?
I cannot force you to gohowever; you should go before the weather changes.
Will you be there when I get back?  Emma asks as there is still plenty of daytime left.
Theres a storm coming later, Elizabeth says sadly.  I dont think so.  Ill see you tomorrow.
Im sorry, Emma whispers.  Although, she does not know exactly why she feels sorryshe supposes that it is the horrible way that Elizabeth reacts in the absence of the sun.  
What a silly thing to say, Elizabeth whispers.  Not that I dont appreciate it.
Before Emma can say goodbye, Elizabeth disconnects the call.  

*

Emma reaches the beach a short while later.  Seeing as it is a work day, she easily finds an empty spot.  Seagulls cry as they fly overhead, encircling the sky above the beach.  Emma steps her sneakers into the sand, to her dismay they quickly fill.  She is not prepared for a beach visit.  Cursing to herself, she removes her shoes and tiptoes through the parking lot and tosses them in the trunk of her Impala.  She then sidesteps sticks and manages past dodgy looking items strewn against the pavement until her bare feet are back in the soft beige sand.  
A bead of sweat drips down the back of her neck and is caught by her grey shirt.  She walks a short distance awaynot too far, after all there is still a fair bit of anxiety within her.  She looks at the lake ahead; it appears as real as any ocean.  The calming sounds of meek waves sloshing against the shore make her feel a bit less on edge, and feeling slightly more regretful that she had no peed earlier.
Far upon the horizon, where the deep blue water meets the azure sky, dark clouds loom in a cluster to the east.  This must be the storm that Elizabeth mentioned.  Emma begins to walk towards the water.  As she continues along her trek she notices a large pier lined with elaborate wrought iron lamps.  The pier is empty, save for a little girl with blonde hair and a white dress.  
Must be in style this year, Emma says sarcastically to herself, she then changes direction and heads for the pier.  As she gets closer, she can make out the features of the girl that stares off blankly to the endless expanse of water.  The wind blows her hair about and causes her dress to flail about like a flag against a stiff wind.  She looks to be around twelve or soor at least, she looks just like Emma did when Emma was young.
What are you watching?  Emma asks as she approaches the familiar young girl and places her arms around herself to shield her body from the cold wind coming off of the lake.
The little girl turns to face Emma; she pushes away a long strand of wheat blonde hair from her deep blue eyes and reaches a hand out towards Emma.  Its good to meet you.
Didnt your mother ever tell you to not be so friendly to strangers?
Were not strangers Emma, the little girl adds as she nods and raises her hand up even higher.
Of course we arent, Emma says as she takes the girls warm hand in hers.  How old are you?
Eleven, almost twelve, the girl replies as she smiles, How old are you?
Twenty-four, Emma replies after a short pause to make sure her math is correct.  Ill be twenty-five next well.  I would be turning twenty-four next month.
I would be twelve next month
So what do you call yourself?  Emma asks as she stares off to the water.  There is something hypnotic about the scenethe gentleness of the small waves, the diamond like sunburst sparkles upon the rippled surface, the constant wind, and just the scale of it all.  It made Emma feel small, but not in any bad sort of way.
Hope
That sounds familiar, Emma says as she remembers that she used to believe her middle name was Hope.  It was a strange idea, now that she reflected upon it.  She supposed that in some way, even at her lowest, she had not given up completely.  
You werent using it anymore, Hope says as she leads Emma to the end of the pier and sits down, pulling Emma along with her so that they may sit side by side.
It suits you, Emma says as she looks to the younger version of herself.  She is suddenly filled with a moment of sadnessthis moment, this version of herthis was right before her father left.  She thinks to ask if he has left yet to her, but figures she does not really need t know.  Did I see you earlier today?
I stay here, Hope replies as she shakes her head vigorously.  Mom and dad used to bring us here all the time.
Is that why you stay here?
I dont know.
You could come home, you knowyou dont have to stay here, Emma says.  After all, she is already living with one version of herself, what trouble would one more be?
I dont like it there, Hope says as she releases Emmas hand.  If I come back it would be just to play in the woods again.
That would be fine, Emma adds, hoping that she has not upset the girl.  You dont have to come in if you dont want to.  Is there something wrong with the house?
You ask too many questions, Hope replies as she folds her arms against her chest and pouts.  
Im sorry Hope, Emma says as attempts to take Hope by the hand, Hope refuses.  I did not mean to upset you.  I am just trying to figure out what is happening.  I know that you knowwe dont have much time.
Its okay, Hope concedes, The house is just creepy.
Well you can come and play in the woodsthats something we used to do right?
You dont remember?
Im having a hard time, Emma says as she attempts to piece together her scattered past.  She still has memories of being Emma Hopemixed in with fragments of memories of her life as Emma Alexis.  Its a bit of a mess Im afraid.
One of these days will you play with me in the woods?  Hope asks as she takes Emmas hand back into her own.  It will help you remember.
Of course Hope, anytime
Its going to rain soon, Hope says as she points to the oncoming dark clouds.  You should go.
Are you going to be alright?
It hurts more than it hurts a lot, Hope says as she buries her head between her knees.  It doesnt last long though.
Im sorry hon, Emma says as she places her arms around the small girl and embraces her tightly.  
Its Hope, the girl objects as she pushes Emma away.  Go awayI dont want you to see it happen.
Okay Hope, Emma replies sadly as she gets to her feet and dusts the sand from the pier from her bottom.  Well play together soonjust come and find me when you need me.
I will, just go already!
Emma turns without another word and began to make her way back to the parking lot.  As she neared the houses, she saw a small shop that looked like it was being run out of nothing more than a tiny wooden beach shack near the towering apartments close by.  Curious, Emma met eyes with someone through the small colored glass windows.  She wondered if this person had been watching her.  She rounded the small building and saw a sign that read Celestes Crafts.  A yellow door with a colorful open sign stands before her.  She enters the building, half sure that she would run into another version of herself.
Hello, A young woman replies from behind the counter as Emma enters the tiny shop.
Emma is relieved to find a taller, slender, stick-legged girl with long brown hair and dark green eyes and no familiar shared features other than tanned skin.  She nods to the woman and returns the greeting, Hello
This is all of my art, the young lady says as she gestures about the small room that is filled with many wonderful colors that shine in from the different panes of glass.  I do a little bit of painting, some jewelrymostly glass.  I love colored glass.  Is there anything you are looking for in particular?
I just saw you through the window, Emma admits as she paces around the small building.  Was I alone?
Yes, she replies.  I get bored and that pier has always had a special meaning to meI spend a lot of time watching the waves.  Why do you ask?
I just Emma begins, then attempts to find some kind of more acceptable answer.  I just kind of felt like I wasnt alone when I was there.
Maybe you werent, she says as she reaches over the counter and extends a hand.  The names Justine Justine Celeste.
Emma Corbeau.
Corbeau
Emma let out a short laugh, Most people get it wrong even when I say it firstI think youre the first person to repeat my name without messing it up.
Did you know its a color?
I was not aware of that.
Sorry Justine says as she shakes her head.  Im obsessed a little with colors.
I can tell, Emma says as she looks about the different pieces of art.  Every piece is very well defined in striking colors that one would not expect to be used.  All of the jewelry contains colorful glass squares and intricate designs.  I mean that in the best way possible.  This is amazing really.
Corbeau is a very dark greenat least it was.  Its not really used anymore.
I really like this, Emma says as she finds a brilliant yellow swirling design that resembles the sun on a length of black leather loop with a magnetic clasp.  I mean I know someone who would really appreciate this.
Im asking twenty for itits negotiable.
Twenty is more than fine, Emma says as she gets into her purse and pulls out a small wad of cash.  She then sees a darker painting that sits among the more light colored onesit is of a girl wearing a familiar white dress sitting at the edge of a bed.  She looks sad; the room is dark save for a single window that illuminates her brilliant white wings.  how much for that painting as well?
I could go eighty?  Justine asks meekly.  If thats not too much?
Is there a story behind it?
Hmm  Justine says as she eyes the painting.  I used to bewell still am I suffered a lot from depression and I painted this one day as a way to make me feel better.  One day though I gave up painting and I ended up burning the original all of my original paintings.  Im doing better, much better, and these days so I paint more colorful thingsthis one though, just kind of came back into my mind and I put it back onto canvas.
Ill give you two-hundred for it and the necklace.
Thats too much, Justine protested.
Dont sell yourself shorttake it from someone who has gone throughis going through a very similar journey to your own.
Thank you, Justine says as she pulled the painting from the wall and handed it to Emma.
Charlottes Feathers, Emma says as she reads the title of the painting from the back.
She looks like a Charlotte.
My room is lacking of any artin a fit similar to yours I tore down all of my pictures.  I dont remember it too well, Emma admits as she takes the painting and carefully places it beneath her arm.
I have a box for the necklace, Justine says a she roots through a box behind the counter.  Here it is.
Thank you, Emma says as she takes the boxed necklace in her free hand.
No really, thank you, Justine says with a smile.  If you need any more art you know where to find mealthough I might not be here.  The weather is supposed to get crazy hot after this storm passes.  They say in a few days we will be well over a hundred degrees.  Really unusual given our location
Yeah Emma whispers in a half awake state as the realization washes over her that she is the cause.  Hearing it from someone elsethat this heat, obviously from the sun coming nearer to Earth was entirely her doing, made it all seem suddenly more real.
.you alright there?
Of course, Emma says as she nodded.
Heres my card, Justine says as she hands a light blue business card to Emma and slides it between her fingers and the jewelry box.  I live in an apartment close to hereso if you need any more art, or need someone to talk to about the journeyyoull know where to find me.
Thank you so much, Emma says as she nods once more.  Ill definitely try and be in touch.
Have a good onebetter get to your car before the rain does.
Of course, Emma says as she attempts to smile as she heads out the door.  
Emma makes it to her car and loads up the back just in timea cascade of large raindrops fill the sky as the smell of rain overtakes the humid air.  Emma rushes to the drivers side doorfeebly attempting to shield her body from the rain with outstretched hands.  She pauses for a split second to look to the pierit is empty.  She climbs into her car.  The sound of the rain against her roof is loud and constant, like a frantic drumbeat.
Emma takes out her phone; she uses a dry spot on her soft grey shirt to wipe away the moisture from her screen as she types in Justines contact info.  Three contacts in one daydespite the fact that one of them is her therapist, she still considers it a success.  There was a familiarity to Justinenot in the same way as Elizabeth or Hope, but stillJustine was someone that reminded Emma of herselfboth her old self, and her new self, a kindred spirit so to speak.  Even if she was a bit odd and quirky with her love of colors, she was definitely talented.

*

Emma pulls the car as close to the door as she can manage without risking damage to either the porch or the vehicle.  She tucks the painting beneath her shirt, thankful that she wore an abnormally large one this day.  The sky is completely black overhead and the sound of thunder shakes the ground beneath her feet like an earthquake as she makes a mad rush for the door.  She fumbles for a second with her keys and throws the door open, nearly stumbling upon the slick surface of the hardwood floors.  Luckily, she did not fallthere was no Elizabeth to catch her if she did so this time.  
Anyone home?  Emma loudly shouts.  No reply is offered.  Well was worth a try
Emma sets the painting down at the edge of the spiral staircase and heads to the kitchen.  She finds a folded note on the table that bears her name upon it.  
Whats this now?  Emma says aloud to herself.
Dinner is in the fridgeElizabeth.
Youre kidding right?
Emma opens up the fridge to find a Tupperware container full of lasagna.  Emma did not even realize she had the materials necessary to create such a meal.  A single yellow sticky-note reads 2 minutes, microwave.
Emma laughs as she does as the note instructs.  She sets the jewelry box on the table and patiently waits by the microwave for the food to cookshe is rather hungry after all.  A moment of sadness takes over as she realizes that her mother is not there to yell at her for standing so close to the microwave.  Her mother used to believe that it caused cancerEmma would do it anyway.  It seems rather trivial now.  However, it did not mean she misses those moments any less.
Emma eats her meal accompanied only by the sound of the falling rain hitting heavily against the windows and the occasional low rumble of thunder.  The lasagna is cooked perfectly, soft noodles, not too sweet.  It is almost as though Elizabeth knows exactly what Emma wantsthen again, in a way, Elizabeth is Emma.  Emma attempts to wrap her mind around that concept as she places the plastic container into the sink and runs some water into the bowl so that it does not stain red.  She comes to the conclusion that there is no way that these other versions of her are not real.  Despite the fact that Justine from the shop did not see Hope or that Brian Metcalfe did not see the other onethey still are capable of doing things like cooking meals and interacting with her.  If it they were mere hallucinations then they would probably be not able to touch her or interact with her, they would definitely not be able to cook for her.  At least, Emma figures that is how it has to work.  She is no professional psychologist though, hardly even an amateur one.  It comes to Emmas mind that she should perhaps mention these others; however, she does not know how Dr. Riley would respond to something that even Emma, herself, thinks mad.
After dinner, armed with a hammer and a nail, Emma walks the painting of the woman up to her room and finds a spot beside her bed.  She strikes the large nail into the wall with a few well placed hits.  Emma pulls down against the nail to ensure that it is secure.  She then runs the wire on the back until it rests against the center.  Emma nods with a sense of accomplishment as she steps back and admires the painting.  For a moment her mind flashes to a memory of a wall full of photosa familiar face appears in most of them, that young man, Aaron Chase.  Though the memory is old, it still instills in her heart a large fleeting feeling of loss.  She turns to face the photo on the dresser.  She wonders how this one survived when so many of the others did not.  The memory of photographs burning in a metal drum invades her mind as though it has come to answer her question.
In an attempt to place her mind somewhere else, Emma pulls out her cell and begins to thumb through the three contacts she has added.  She stops on Ethan, she hesitates for a moment, it is a little past eight.  She wonders if he would come and check on the wall if she called.  Her finger hovers over the call button.  She sits down at the edge of her bed.  With a heavy sigh she realizes that she is being silly and finally hits the button.  
After a few rings the Ethan answers, Hello?
Hi, Emma fumbles as though she is unable to keep words from stumbling out of her mouth.  I was wondering if you were busy.  I thought if you had some time tonight you could help me with that wall I wanted knocked down.
Is this Ethan replies, sounding slightly confused.  Emma?
Yes, Emma replies as she places her free hand against her forehead and slaps herself a few times lightly.  Im sorryI just assumed.  I can pay.  I mean, if you can help me out.
Im pretty sure I can at least take a look at any renovations that you want to do, Ethan replies.  
Tonight?
Yeah, Ethan says as though that was implied.  I have to be up early, but I can at least give you an estimate.
Do you have the address?
Still in that large house surrounded by trees on Old Pine Hollow Road, right?
That would be it.
I can be there in about, twenty minutes.
That would be perfect, Emma says as she abruptly hangs up the phone.  She then realizes that it would have been more formal, or less rude, to have said goodbye.  Then again, she remembers that she is still somewhat new to thisshe only hopes that Ethan realizes that as well and that she meant no disrespect.  Her mind begins to over-analyze the situation.  Will he think she is some kind of crazy person?  Does he already?  She meant to correct him that it would not be a renovation, that it would be more of a deconstruction.  
Emma rushes to the bathroom and washes her face.  She checks herself over and fixes her hair a bit.  She looks at the long worn grey gym shirt in disgust and hurries to her attic room and changes into a slimmer pink t-shirt with a yellow sunflower emblem on it.  
Emma hesitates as a knock comes upon her front door.  She knows who it is.  Still, there is that moment of uncertainty.  After all, Ethan was kind of a stranger.  A second knock comes as Emma realizes that it is still raining.  She opens up the door and allows Ethan in.
Sorry about the rain, Emma says as she shuts the door behind Ethan.
If youre in control of it, Ethan begins with a laugh, we could really use more of it this summer.  My lawn has been dead for weeks.
Im not, Emma says flatly and ends up instantly regretting it.  It is not that she did missed the joke, it was just her awkwardness getting in the way again.  I mean, I hear it is going to get worse this year.
All hundreds for the next week, maybe even on after that.
Or hotter, Emma slips, however, it goes unnoticed.
Lets hope not, Ethan says as he wipes his black boots against the doormat.  So what kind of work are you looking at doing herewhich one of these walls are you hoping to knock out?
Do you have a sledgehammer?
Well in the truck, Ethan says as he looks curiously at Emma as though he does not quite understand.  But we cant just go knocking down a wall.  There is a lot of logistics going on, I mean you knock down the wrong wall and it can weaken the foundation of the home.
Can you get it?  Emma asks as she ignores the last bit of what Ethan has said.  Its more for something in the basement.
I can get it, Ethan says as he nods.  He looks even more confused, but he nods none-the-less.
Okay, Emma says as she stands by the door.
Right now?
If you would that would be great, Emma says as she opens the door.
I will be right back then, Ethan says as he heads off into the rain and darkness.  Another loud crash of thunder resounds as the sky is filled with purple streaks of lightening.
Ethan runs back into the house, a large red handled sledgehammer in hand.  He shuts the door behind him and rubs his black boots against the dirty doormat once more.  Okay so basement?
Emma leads the way through the kitchen and to the stairwell.  She pauses as she places her hand on the door.  She swallows hard and opens up the door with a large amount of trepidation.  Could you go down first?
Sure, Ethan says.  Dont like basements?
Never been found of them, Emma replies as she follows Ethan down each step.
I dont do a lot of basement work, Ethan admits.  Mostly I replace cabinets, or countertopsI do some bathroom remodeling.  Ive installed carpetstore out old carpets and worked on hardwood floors.
Sounds like a lot of work, Emma says, not really knowing what to say or how to interact in a more proper manner.
Learned a lot of it from my dad, Ethan says as he leads the way.  I think he did some of the work on this house a little over a decade agofor your mom.  He used to work in home improvement as well before he injured his back and now he sells insurancejust straight ahead?
Yes, Emma says as she looks to the creepy room with the stone slab.  Her mind flashes her false images of animals being slaughters once more, the blood dripping down from the table and flowing into the drain to be carried away.  What work did your dad do on this house?
I believe he totally redid a green house on the property or something like that, Ethan says as he continues onward.  Its like a little maze in here with all these different rooms and twists and turns.  I couldnt imagine growing up here.  I think it would bother me as well.
As they reach the far wall at the very edge of the long basement.  Emma points to the wall with the rude chalk drawing of the sun upon it.  You see the marks?
The marks?
The sun mark here?
Oh, Ethan says as he places his hand against the rough brick wall.  I can kind of see how it looks like a sun.
All at once, Emma realizes that Ethan cannot see the chalk drawingperhaps he is just humoring her, she realizes how crazy the statement must seem to him as an outsider.  Yeah, I mean how it looks different herethe bricks dont quite match and theyre a slightly different color.
I do see that, Ethan says as he nods.  Im surprised you noticedyouve got a good eye.  You think there is something behind it?
Its hollow, Emma replies as she points out a chip in the brick.  I hit it here and it echoed.
It could be nothing, Ethan says as he raises the tip of his sledgehammer and softly strikes it against the brick.  Id hate to make a messbut I could understand the curiosity.
You have my complete permission to make a mess.
Well, lets just make sure, Ethan says as he places an ear against the wall.  He gestures to Emma who places her head against the wall.  Ethan raises the tip of the sledge hammer once more and strikes it a bit harder this time.  The sound of the strike echoes as though some kind of room or hallway exists behind the bricked wall.  Did you hear it?
I did, Emma says with a slight tremble of fear in her voice.  That creeping thought that a blackened hallway, hands outstretched and reaching for her from the walls, lays waiting for her beyond.
Im curious now as well, Ethan says as he reaches into his cargo pants and pulls out a pair of protective goggles and places them over his bright green eyes.  Go ahead and step back  a good distance for me, alright?
Alright, Emma says as she backs away to the far end of the room.
Cover your eyes with your shoulders, like this, Ethan says as he places his shoulders out before him and buries his hands against his sleeves.  Ill let you know when I am through, just stay like that until then, alright?
Alright, Emma repeats once more as she does as she is instructed.
Emma flinches as each loud thud of the sledgehammer resounds through the basement.  With each strike she can hear crushing away of brick as they fall to the floor and scatter and fracture like broken glass.  A few more strikes follow, and then all is finally quiet.
Were through, Ethan says as he wipes away some dust from his face with his sleeve and sets the sledgehammer against the wall.  This is interesting
Emma inches her way closer to the opening as though she has lead feet.  As she gets a view of what lies beyond, terror fills her heart.  She muffles a slight scream of terror that comes out as a strange cross between a squeak and a cough.
Something wrong Emma?  Ethan asks as reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small LED flashlight.
Its a hallway, Emma says as she attempts to keep her voice from trembling as much as her hands are.  Before her, stretching on for what seems like forever is a dark, damp, hallway.  It is similar to the hallways of her recurrent nightmaressimilar enough to make her want to run away screaming.  However, she does not.  
Looks like it goes on for quite a ways, Ethan says as he shines the light down the hallway.
The light does provide a tiny bit of relief for Emma.  There are no tortured souls, or hands outstretched waiting to grab her.  Instead a cinnabar colored brick hallway leads into the darkness.  Water droplets drip from cracks in the concrete ceiling as tiny pools of water form on the rough concrete floor.  
Lets check it out then, Ethan says as he heads into the newly discovered hallway.
Sure, Emma says hesitantly.  She would rather not.
The hallway smells musty and old.  The bricks look aged, cracked and broken in places.  Emma and Ethan walk down a fair distance before the hallway splits into an intersection with two possible ways to go.
What is this place, Ethan says as he shines the flashlight to the passage on the left.  
As the light reaches the passage, a concrete staircase leads up to ceiling.  However, there is no exit.  It simply goes up and into a slab of grey concrete.  
I know what this is, Ethan says as he shines the light to the staircase.  Back when this was a farm, this is probably where they brought down supplies or crops for storage.
Im glad that one of us does, Emma whispers.
Ethan shines his light to the passage on the right.  A large room is spread out before them.  There is nothing of interest, just an empty brick room.  Upon the floor, near the entrance, a pile of broken bricks lies next too what appears to be the remains of a doorframe.
This is strange, Ethan says as he shines the light on the ruined door.  It looks like this had a door on it, but they covered it up with brickkind of like a false door.
Like a room to hide things?  Emma asks as she keeps her distance.  The entire experience, although altogether interesting, is causing a huge spike in her anxiety.
Or to hide people, Ethan says as he steps in and shines the light around the large room.  Youve heard of the underground railroad right?
Of course, Emma says as she steps in reluctantly.  Everyone leans that in schoola system of safe houses and hidden passages fugitive slaves could take to eventually find safetyto be free.
That is the most I believe youve said to me all night, Ethan says as he nods.  I believe that this ispart of that.
I had no idea, Emma says as she looks around the room.  
This is an amazing find, Ethan adds.  This is history.
Where do you think the rest of the hall leads to?  Emma asks as she looks back to the entrance and nervously rubs her elbows with her hands.  
You want to walk the rest of the way down and see?  Ethan asks as he shines the light ahead.
I suppose Emma answers simply.  She still does not know whether to take the comment that she has not said much as an insult or not.  She did not mean to be so short; she just does not know how to be around peopleat least, people that are not clones of her.  I would like to see where it leads.
Alright then, Ethan says as he leads the way.
I do like talking to you, Emma blurts out as a short amount of time passes by in silence.
Ethan lets out a laugh as he turns to Emma and smiles.  Im glad.  Was that comment bothering you?  I didnt mean
Im just not great around people, Emma interrupts.  Ive been very isolated.
I remember, after your mother passed, that my father was worried about you, Ethan says as he turns and continues to travel down the hallway.  Your mother worked with my father for about fifteen years.  He regarded her, and you, as family.
How much do you know about me?  Emma asks, pressing to see if Ethan has any knowledge about her breakdown and subsequent condition where she believed she was someone else.
Just that...you had a lot of bad things happen, Ethan spoke as he walked onward.  That all those bad things eventually led to you cutting off ties with everyoneshortly after your mothers funeral you cut contact with my father.  He always understood why.  I mean I could not imagine losing so much and being around people that reminded me of what Ive lost.
I felt that way, Emma admits. However, she keeps the fact that she still feels that way a secret from Ethan.
Which is totally understandable, Ethan says.  He is just happy that youve come out of ithow did you do it?
It took a lot of time, Emma replies, she leaves out the part where her self-imposed imprisonment was reprieved with force and against her will.  I had been doing better before, it was just slowthen I woke up today and it was much easier to do things.  Its still not easy.  I dont know that it ever will be.
Trying though, Ethan says as he pauses.  Thats the accomplishment.  Just the fact that you did not give up is amazing.  I cant even say that Id be able to be that strong.
Im not strong.
Looks like weve reached the end of it, Ethan says as he places his hand upon an old wooden door.  Lets find out whats at the end of this little adventure?
Yeah, Emma says quietly as she braces herself for anything.  Ethan calls it an adventure, but to Emma it feels more like a nightmareeven though nothing bad has happened.  She does appreciate his company; she just does not like the circumstances.  After all, if Elizabeth led her here it must mean something.  There has to be some horrible truth that exists at the end.
As Ethan opens up the door a staircase is revealed beyond the earthy old door.  This staircase, however, leads somewhere.  Ethan begins to ascend the stairs.  The light from his beam is greeted by a multitude of reflections.  
What is this place?  Ethan asks as the light refracts as though he is shining the beam upon a giant gemstone.
A greenhouse, Emma says as a flash of memory seeps into her mind.  She remembers being little, running through the large forest.  She has stumbled upon this place before.  A large glass greenhouse, its windows stained with dirt, neglected.
Its amazing, Ethan says as he shines the light around the large room.  I wonder if this is the one my dad fixed upalthough it doesnt look so great.
There are no plants in the greenhouse, just piles of stacked empty pots.  A desk sits in the far corner of the room by the large glass doors.  A bed sits at the far side of the wall.  A tree branch has broken through and covers the bed like a makeshift canopy.  Water drips in through cracks in the glass.  
I had forgotten about this place, Emma whispers.
Well you had a lot on your mind, Ethan says as he turns to Emma and smiles.  At least you know it is here now.
Thank you, Emma says as she nods.  She plans on returning, perhaps in the daytime.  Maybe it will bring back more memoriesperhaps Emma will come to understand why Elizabeth wanted her to find this place.
I should be heading back, Ethan says as he shines the flashlight down to his wristwatch.  I have to be at a house Im working on at six tomorrow.
Okay, Emma says simply as she follows Ethan back down the stairs and into the dark hallway.  The return trip goes by much more quickly.  There is no fear.  
As Ethan stands by the door to leave, Emma reaches into her purse and pulls out a wad of cash.  She pulls out three-hundred dollars and attempts to hand it to Ethan.
I cant take your money, Ethan says as he pushes it back into Emmas hands.
You did your job, just like you said, Emma says as she attempts once more to pay Ethan.
It was fun, Ethan says as he smiles.  How about instead of paying meyou meet me for dinner tomorrow night after I get off work?
I Emma says nervously.  She thinks of saying no.  She wants to say no.  However, she realizes that would be rude.  She does not know Ethan that well, but she does possess something of an attraction for him.  He seems kind.  
Its okay if you arent ready, Ethan says, noticing the passage of time without a response.
I want to go, Emma finally says as she twitches her lip nervously as though she has just made a rash decision she was unwilling to make.  I just havent been to a restaurant inforever.
I know a place, Ethan begins.  It doesnt get a lot of traffic if you get there after like eight or so.  If its people youre nervous to be around, then we could go thenif you want?
I think I can handle that, Emma says a bit more confidently.
Ill pick you up around eight then?
Yes.
Have a good night Emma.
Im sorry I didnt say goodbye, Emma blurts as he begins to leave.
Im sorry?  Ethan repeats in confusion.
On the phone, Emma adds.  I wasnt trying to be rude.
Oh, dont even worry about that, Ethan says as he shakes his head and laughs.  I didnt even think about it.
Oh, Emma replies, her cheeks grow red with embarrassment.
Goodnight Emma, Ethan repeats.
Goodnight Ethan.

*

Day 2
Chapter 3: Depression and Sorrow
Emma steps over the threshold and enters the familiar brick hallway that she discovered earlier.  The faint smell of old water fills her nostrils.  A light at the far end illuminates the tunnel that appears to stretch on forever.  Steam rises from the concrete floor.  The air is humid and sticky.  
A noise, the sound of something metallic being dropped onto the concrete floor, comes off from the corner.  
Hello?  Emma quietly asks.  The sound of dripping water and the faint echo of wind through the hallway is the only response she receives.
As Emma reaches the intersection she looks to the staircase that reaches the concrete ceiling.  She shudders as a strange feeling that she is being watched washes over her.  She looks down to the ground and finds the source of the noise earlier.  A silver blade with crimson stains of blood lies against the ground, a small pool of blood around its edge.  Despite her better judgment telling her to leave it alone, Emma picks up the knife.  The handle is intricately carved with a rose at its base.  The blade of the long knife has an etched vine that extends all the way to the tip.  The letters SOL are engraved on the blade close to where it meets the handle.  The knife has a significant weight to it.  It is somehow familiarbesides being the blade that one of her others stabbed her with in a nightmare the day before.
Its mine bitch!  A wretched voice yells from behind her as she is struck down to the floor.  Her head erupts in pain as she is dragged into the large empty room across from the stairs that lead to nowhere.  
Emma attempts to turn, to view her attackerhowever; she is unable to do so.  Another blow to her head sends her face down against the hot concrete floor.  Everything turns black.  Her vision is gone.  She can hear the sounds of people screaming all around her.  
Help Emma whimpers a she attempts to make sense of the situation.
A hand grabs her leg as another restrains her wrist.  They burn her to the touch as she screams out in pain.
Leave me alone!  Emma shouts as she flails about blindly attempting to strike her fists against her attackers.  She kicks away at the hand at her leg until, with a sickening crushing noise, it is cast away.  She gets to her feet, her hand still retrained by burning fingers.  She begins to kick violently at the hand that holds her wrist.  Another scream resounds through the hallway as she is free.  She begins to run, her hands outstretched.  She comes into contact with the brick wall and begins to use it as a guide.
Her eyes slowly attempt to make out a form ahead of her in the darkness.  Her vision is slowly returning.  She continues to run straight ahead as the terrible sounds of screaming is heard all around her.  The air here is so hot that it burns her lungs.  Her bare feet scorch in agony with each footfall.  Her vision completely returns as she runs into Ethan near the end of the hallway.
Ethan  Emma cries as she reaches out for him.  Help me.
A strange grin grows over Ethans usually kind face as he pulls his arms back.  In a split second Emma notices the sledgehammer in his hands.  Everything turns slowpainfully long.  She raises her hands to defend herself from the blow.  However, it is far too late for that.  She takes the full brunt of the blow to the chest and is sent flying back down the hallway.
Everything is turned.  She is not flying back, but falling down.  Blood sprays out from her chest and fills the air around her.  It falls around her and sprays her face like warm rain.  As Emma falls she begins to turn, she faces the wall at the bottom of her descent.  A chalk picture of the sun is drawn on the spot that she will eventually, painfully, land.
Fuck!  Emma shouts as she jumps up.  Her head pounds out in agony.  She reaches for a bottle of water on the nightstand beside her bed and drinks the entire bottle at once.
Its the nightmares, isnt it?  A calm voice asks.
Emma jumps again, startled, as she is faced with a familiar sight.  Sitting at the far edge of her bed is Elizabeth.  She has her arms wrapped around her legs as though she is mimicking the girl in the painting that hands near the bed.  
Yes, Emma says as she takes in a heavy breath and attempts to calm her anxiety.  I always die
Im sorry they bring you so much pain, Elizabeth says as she gets up from the bed and embraces Emma.  Ive never had a nightmareI dont know what happens to me.  I suppose knowing would be worse.  So in that way, I dont envy you.
You would think that I would be used to them by now, Emma says as she calms her breathing.  I guess you never get over dying in your dreams.
There are only six nights left Elizabeth whispers, If that is of any consolation to you.
ItIt really isnt, Emma says as she shakes her head and wipes away the sweat from her forehead.  How are you feelingwas the storm last night painful?
You are such a strange girl, Elizabeth says as she begins to head towards the door then pauses to look at the new paiting.  Does that picture make you happy?
I like it, so yes, Emma replies.
Out of all the colorful things, Elizabeth says as she shakes her head.  You bring back the most depressing one.
You see depressing?  Emma asks.
What do you see?
Something hopeful, Emma says as she turns and looks to the girl in the picture.  Of course she is expressing sadness; however, there is a sense that hope exists as well.
Ill start on breakfast while you have a shower and get dressed, Elizabeth says as she looks to Emma and stares at her blankly.
Why do you do things for me?  Emma asks.  She does not understand this relationship.  Elizabeth was sent here to warn herto show Emma her true self, to ultimately tell Emma that she was responsible for the end of the world, and apparently, to take care of her and feed her.  I dont understand why you help me?
I just feel it is my purpose, Elizabeth says as she begins to leave once more.
Wait
Yes?
Please tell me what you knowyou claim to not know anything, but you know where I should be to meet certain people.  You tell me about thing I need to find, Emma pleads to the figure that continues to face away from her.  Please just tell me what the point of it all is?
I dont know that there is a point, Elizabeth whispers sadly.  She turns to face Emma as a tear begins to fall from her eye.
I didnt mean to upset you.
Do you know how it feels to not understand why you exist?  To know that you were sent to deliver bad news to someone who is kind to you when they should not be?  To not know how to stop  Elizabeth begins as she pauses to allow herself to continue the conversation in a more composed manner.  I only know thingswhen it wants me to.  Take from that what you will.  As, honestly, it is all I have to offer.  I have questionsdo I cease to exist when the sun is not present?  Will I also burn away on that seventh day?  I dont know where I go when Im not here, but I know that I am afraid of it.
Im sorry, Ive been selfish, Emma says as she attempts to hold back tears.  This is entirely my fault.  I have time stillperhaps, maybe I can stop it.  There has to be a way.  
If there is one thing I know with certainty, and I wish I didnt Elizabeth says as she begins to walk away once more.  You cant stop it, you can only face it.

*

Emma turns the water off in the shower as she steps out and wraps a towel around herself.  She eyes the curtain rod, a silver colored length of metal.  It is probably not actually metal; her mother would not replace it with something that Emma could harm herself with again.  A shiver runs down her spine as the memory of choking flashes in her mind.  Emma walks from the bathroom and follows the stairs up to her the attic.  
Through the window the morning sun looks brighter than normal.  Emma wonders if this is just the beginningor is it just coincidence that it is getting hotter, and will be getting even warmer, as the week progresses?  Emma roots through the closet as she removes the damp towel from her naked body.  Her mind set on what to wear, she nonchalantly tosses the towel over the old sofa beneath the window.
Do you mind?  A female voice asks.
Emma grasps the door handle of the closet as she curiously peeks from behind its small sanctuary.  There, against the old fuscous, sun bleached couchsits a young woman in a white dress.  Elizabeth, you nearly scared the shit out of me.
Not Elizabeth, The clone says as she folds her legs and rests her fist against the edge of her chin.
Realizing she is naked, and feeling vulnerable once again, Emma ignores this new visitor as she picks out clothing and quickly dresses.  
Its not like its nothing I havent already seen, the voice replies with a short laugh.
I just Emma says as she inches the door shut and gazes upon the new version of her.  Im not comfortable with being naked in front of anyone in general.
Instead of the sun, right?
That was the old me, Emma says as she shakes her head.  Im not into that anymore.
I am.
Who are you?  Emma asks as she curiously looks at this new girls face.  There is something different about her that Emma cannot quite place.  After a moment she realizes, it is the eyesthis new girl has her old cloudy blue eyes.
Alexis, the girls speaks softly as she stretches her arms out wide and lies against the couch allowing the sunlight to cover her barely clothed form.  
Emma stumbles back at the mention of the name.  Although, she begins to realize that her old self did not merely just disappear.  As odd as this turn of events was, she should have expected it.  At this point, she should expect just about anything odd that could happen.
Youre not happy to see me?  Alexis says as she lays her head against the cushioned armrest.  Im happy to see you.
Its not that at all, Emma objects.  I just didnt expect to see you.
I wont be staying, Alexis says as she looks to the window.  I have a few things to take care of.  Ill probably see you sooner or laterIm sure of it.
Is there any way I can avoid thisend?
Do you believe in fate, or free will?
Im not sure, Emma says as she thinks about it for a moment.  She then concludes, she has never really thought about it.  I would hope life is like a little of both?
Thats such a wonderfully bullshit Forrest Gump answer, Alexis says as she closes her eyes and lets out a heavy sigh.  
If I say free will, Emma says as she attempts to gain more of an answer.  Can I escape it?
No.
Then if it is fate?
Nope, Alexis says as she shakes her head.
Then why do you ask?  Emma asks, frustrated, as she furrows her eyebrows and balls her fists.  What is the point?
Take it easy, Alexis says as she places her hands defensively out in front of her in a mocking manner.  Were all family here.  You keep getting stuck on this whole idea that there is a point to this.
There has to be though right?
Youre guess is as good as mine, Alexis says as she raises her hands up to the window and warms her palms against the hot glass.  Maybe even better.
Realizing that Emma will not gain any insight from this new Alexis, she thinks of someone other than herself and asks something else.  Where do you go?  When youre not here?
What business is it of yours?
Elizabeth says it hurtsshe wants to know.
Elizabeth is weak, Alexis says quietly.  Did you know she cant even leave the house?
Shes not weak, Emma says as she feels herself growing annoyed with Alexis.  Was she really just like this a few days ago?
I guess thats subjective to your definition of weakness, Alexis says as she raps her fingers against the glass.  AnywayIm out.
What are you going to do?
My part, Alexis says shortly.  
Do you have any? Emma begins.  She does not want to ask for any further for help from Alexis because she finds her rude and flippant.  However, as Elizabeth had stated, these other versions of her are messengers.  Instructions for me?
I do, Alexis says as she feigns a yawn.  Then again, you should probably ask yourselfif you really want to stop the end from coming, why are you playing the game?
I just want answers  Emma whispers, she has not given this idea any thought at all.  Can Ijust stop all of this by no longer searching for answers?
Not really, Alexis says as she shakes her head and purses her lips into a thin smile.  I was just curious.
Do you have anything for me or not?
You do have a little bite to you, Alexis says as she gets up to her feet and approaches Emma.
Emma stands her ground.  She has had enough of being toyed with.  To Emmas surprise, Alexis places her arms around her and holds her body tightly against Emmas.  
Theres a lockbox in your mothers room.  Look for the cats eyes.  No rush though, I know you have a busy day.  Alexis whispers.
Cats eyes?  Emma asks, but before her question can be answered Alexis disappears.  She does not burn away like the others.  Instead, she simply vanishes into the morning air.  

*

Your eggs are getting cold, Elizabeth says as Emma enters the kitchen.
Im sorry, Emma says as she sits down upon the table.  She spots the jewelry box that she brought in the night before and reaches over for it.  She pulls out the brilliant yellow sun-shaped glass necklace.  
Whats that?  Elizabeth says as she eyes the glass that shines brightly in the sun that refracts from the kitchen window.  I thought you only bought the depressing painting
Its a gift, Emma says as she holds out the necklace.
For who?
For you, Emma says as she gets up from the table and pushes the necklace into Elizabeths hands.  Its got a magnetic clasp; just pull the ends apart there.
I dont understand
You make me breakfastand last night you made me a wonderful lasagna, Emma says as she smiles and sits back down at the table and begins to dig into her breakfast.  It just seemed like the right thing to do would be to get you something in return.
Thank Elizabeth mutters as she places the clasps around her neck.  The brilliant glass sun falls just above her chest.  Thank you I really didnt.  You didnt have to.
I wanted to.
I thought I understood you, Elizabeth says softly as her eyes refuse to leave the gift shining against her chest.  I was wrong.
Theres another one of us, Emma says as she changes the subject.  Thats why I am lateI figured you would have known.
Where is she?  Elizabeth says as she looks curiously to Emma.  Who is she?
Alexis, Emma mutters as though the name annoys her in some manner.  Shes just like I used to beand she just took off.  She just disappeared.  I didnt know that you guys could do that.
I cant, Elizabeth says as she sits down at the table.  Did she have anything to add?
Something about my mothers room and cats eyes, she wasnt very clearat least not like you are, Emma says as she finishes of a piece of toast.  She seemed like she was toying with me.  That is all the info she would give meI asked her about what happens to her when the sun isnt here but she just ignored me.  She wasnt much help at all actually.
Why would you ask her that?
I thought it would help you, Emma says as she picks up her empty plate and places it into the sink.  At least give you an answer.
Why do you want to help medont you get that you should hate me?
I dont, Emma says as she places a hand upon Elizabeths shoulder.  Its just not in me to hate anyone.  If anything I blame myself.  If you all say that Ive brought this upon all of human existence then, really, everyone should hate me.
You didnt know.
Ignorance does not always equal innocence, Emma says as bites her bottom lip.  The saying reminds her of something she would say years agoit was amazing, the change that Emma had gone through in such a short amount of time.  Amazing, but, ultimately pointlessif only she had realized, become a different person earlier, then perhaps none of this would be happening now.  Then again, Emma also knew well the familiar saying about hindsight.  So do you not have any connection with any of the others?
I think I do.  Its more of an after the fact kind of connection, Elizabeth says as she folds her hands against the table in a ball as though she is attempting to concentrate.  I know partsmaybe like a puzzle?  I know some of the things that you know, but others things are blocked off at times.
What do you know about me?
The hallway, from the nightmaresbut different.?  You found a hallway.
Beneath the spot that you had marked, yes, Emma says as nods.
A greenhouse, a room with a false door
Is any of that important, do you know?  Emma asks as she attempts to piece together the information from Alexis with anything that Elizabeth might know.
All of it I think, Elizabeth says as she closes her eyes.  I think it is all important.
Do you know how?
Someone else knows more about the greenhousethe younger one.
Hope?  Emma asks.
Probably, Elizabeth says as she continues to concentrate on the topic.  False doorsif there is oneits possible, noprobable, that there are others?
I had not thought of that, Emma admits as she sits back down against the chair and runs her hands over the smooth surface of the table.
Thats a lot of leads Emma says as she attempts to figure out which mystery she should chase first. Should I go to the beach and find Hope?
I think shell come for you.
You cant go into the basement?
I prefer not to.
So I guess the first thing we should do is search for this box that Alexis spoke of?
Someones here.  Elizabeth says as she gestures toward the door.
Seconds later a knock resounds down the hallway.  Emma approaches the doorshe is not expecting anyone.  At least, not until lateror that she can remember.  Perhaps it is Hope.  She hesitates as she apprehensively places her hand on the door.  Another loud knock shakes the knob in her hand.  Emma slowly opens the door and peeks out to the bright outdoors.
Im here to hook up the internet?  A man dressed in a grey jumpsuit says in a questioning tone as he carries a giant spool of black cable.  
Of course, Emma says.  She had completely forgotten.  Emma looks back to the kitchen to see if Elizabeth is still there.  To her confusion, she has disappeared.
It shouldnt take long, Ill get you set up in less than an hour or so, the man says as he looks past Emma.  No dogs or anything right?  Is it okay if I come in?
Yes, Emma says shortly, I mean no I dont have any dogs and yes, you can come in.
Thanks, the man says as he enters the cool house.  Its only ten-thirty and its already ninety-eight degrees can you believe it?
I cant, Emma says as she nods.  

*

Emma tears open the box to her new computer.  She discards the foam padding and the cardboard into a little pile on the floor.  
So where did you go then?  Emma asks as she looks up from the laptop to Elizabeth who sits across from her at the kitchen table.  
I was here, Elizabeth says as she shakes her head.  He didnt see me.  I guess he couldnt see me.
I couldnt see you, Emma adds.
I have no response to that, Elizabeth says as she stares blankly at Emma.
Anyway, Emma says as she navigates through the setup screen on her new laptop.  That same familiarity, that sense of dj vu, comes back to her.  Why did I need this?
You can track the weather, Elizabeth says as she tosses that answer out there.  However, she sounds uncertain.  Its not just herethe heat.  Its everywhere.
Emma Googles U.S. drought map, she brings up a page that shows how widespread the drought is.  She goes through a few articles about wildfires in Colorado and the record breaking heat that has finally reached up north.  Yeah, it looks pretty shitty.
There are probably more reasons, Elizabeth admits.
I hope so, Emma says as she clicks on another page showing photos of farmers that have already given up on their crops and have chopped them down to feed their livestock.  All this does is make me feel a whole lot worse.
I am sorry it pains you, Elizabeth says as she looks away.
Anyway, Emma says as she shuts the laptop and pushes herself away from the table. I believe I still have time to attend to a little business in my mothers room before my appointment.
This time, Emma leads the way up the stairs as Elizabeth follows closely behind.  As the pair ascends the staircase Emma thinks back to what Alexis had saidthat Elizabeth was weak.  Out of all the others, she did seem to be the most confused lately.  Maybe Alexis did not mean that she was a weak personality, but that as an entityshe was not as powerful as the others.
Is it true you cant leave the house?  Emma asks.
Who said that I couldnt?
Alexis, Emma replies as she heads down the hallway and stands in front of her mothers bedroom door.
I suppose its true.  I feel like it is anyway.
Havent gone in here in a while, Emma says more to herself than Elizabeth as she places her hand upon the door and gives it a gentle push open.
Spread out before her is the bed covered in papers.  There was so much paperwork to go through after she passed.  She remembered sitting here with Brian Metcalfe as he had her sign documentshe helped her with the funeral paperwork and the payments.  With her help, she understood everything about what it meant to be the sole heir.  It was a shock at first to find out how much money she had.  However, ultimately, it did not really matter to her.  Her depression and anxiety would not allow her to enjoy it.  The only comfort it offered her was a roof over her head, the nice car, and the ability to have groceries delivered to her housesomething her therapist was not particularly fond of.  Other than that, she spent most of her time lost, doing nothingsunbathing and sleeping all the time.  If she could have all that time back, she could do so much.  Instead, nowall she had was five more days after this one.  
Do you miss her?  Elizabeth asks, as she breaks the strange silence of Emma staring blankly at the bed.
Of course I do, Emma says sadly.  She places a hand upon the edge of the bed and feels the soft fabric against her fingertips.  She was my mother.
Why would someone with so much money not own a TV?  Elizabeth asks as she places her hand upon a large row of books.  
She was different, Emma says as she shrugs.  She was a minimalistshe insisted on living poor, even when my father was still here.  He had computers and loved technology, he was well paid, something about a family business.  He came from money, thats what my mom always used to say.  She did not have to work.  I remember, vaguely, I think they used to argue.  She wanted to continue working.  She said it had to do with her lifestyle of enjoying a poorer life.
Why would anyone want to live poor when so many do it without choice?
I dont know, Emma admits as she begins to walk about the room.  She flips the switch on an old lamp.  More papers are stacked on top of the dresser.  Emma begins to thumb through the pilesits mostly just family history things.  Mom was always a big fan of tracking her family tree down all the way back to when the Corbeaus  immigrated to America back sometime in the 1800s.  She was raised poor.
Youd think thatd be reason enough to change things up, Elizabeth adds.
Is there something youre feeling about that?  Emma asks out of curiosity.  There must be a reason that Elizabeth keeps bringing it up.  
Just a strange feeling, Elizabeth says as she opens up the curtains to allow the sunlight in from the filtered yellow curtains.  To me, it doesnt make sense.
Well she always knew that she wasnt poor
Sometimes people who pretend to be something they are not are hiding something?
Like the fact that they tried to kill themselves after the death of a boyfriend?  Emma asks sarcastically.  Then again, I suppose she is hiding somethingor something is hiding here.
Cats eyes
Emma begins to thoroughly search the room.  She pulls out drawers from the nightstand, finding only lip balm and nail clippers.  She goes through drawers finding only clothing and more books.  She even decides to look under the bedto her dismay, it is clear and she can see straight through to the other side. Frustrated, Emma clears away a small spot on the bed and sits.
I would have marked it better.
I know you would have, Emma says as she places a hand over her eyes and attempts to think.  She lowers the hand and stares off blankly.  She begins to think like she used to.  She stares at an old chest of drawers full of clothing that she has already ransacked twice.  Near the center of the chest she can make out a pattern in the grain of the oak wood.  First, they appear as nothing more than random lines and circlesthen, she finally sees what she is looking for.  In the wood, two circles of different shades of brown form the distinct form of a pair of cats eyes.
Emma jumps to her feet and places a hand against the wood.  She feels silly for not realizing it earlier.  She used to spend hours looking at the textures on her walls, naming them after the odd images her mind would make out in them.  I can see them.
Cats eyes, Elizabeth says as she kneels down beside Emma.
Emma grabs a hold of the drawer and pulls on it until it is all the way out.  She begins to tug at it but it will not come out.
Try lifting up, Elizabeth suggests.
Emma pulls up and outward and is knocked down to her butt as the drawer is released.  In the empty recess where the drawer once sat, a long flat dull grey box sits against the wood.  Emma reaches in and pulls the box out.  A key is conveniently taped to the bottom of it.
Well, Emma says as she rips the key off the back and places it into the small silver lock.  Lets see what we have here.
As Emma lifts up on the sheet of metal a large stack of letters is revealed in the container.  Emma fingers through a few of the letters, most of them seem to be addressed to her mother.  Only instead of Sarah Corbeau, they are all addressed to a Sarah Langford.  Langford
Is that name familiar?
Im not sure, Emma replies as she picks up one of the letters and begins to read it.

5/29/1999

My Dear Sarah Langford,

I know that I cannot give you the kind of lifestyle that you have grown accustomed to.   I just want you to know that these last few years of stolen moments and fleeting hours together have been the happiest parts of my life.  I wish only that we had met before you had married.  I know you only want the best for Emma, and that her father has the means to make sure she has a bright future; while I have a family of my own that I must take care of.  I just wish, so desperately, that we met under different circumstances.  That we were both free of the lives that we thought were right.  I hate that you have to live a fake life, but I know it is the only way we can be together in the day.  I just want you to know that if you ever decide to leave him, that I will do the same.  I will leave my wife and son behind to be with you.  You only live once.  I will wait as long as I have to.  

Yours Forever,
Brain Metcalfe

Emma recoils as she reads the name on the love letter.  Fake life
It is impressive what people will endure in order to protect a secret, Elizabeth says as she places a hand upon Emmas shoulder.  Im sorry another discovery is one that brings you pain.  I understand why you hid who you really wereafter all, we learn by example.
These are all love letters, Emma says she races through letter after letter.  They stop in 2001  Thats right after my father
Left you and your mother?
Yeah, Emma says as she places down the box.  I dont understand.  If my father left, then why didnt they run off together like some of these letters say?  Why did my mother keep up the illusion that she enjoyed a poor life?  None of this makes any sense.
Maybe he changed his mind, Elizabeth adds as she picks up the metal box.  Maybe it was some sentimental sense of remorse, perhaps?  People want something that they cannot have, and then when the chance comes to take itthey realize they do not want it anymore.
Then why didnt she quit?  Why didnt she live the way she wanted to?
Im just throwing out guesses, Elizabeth says as she thumbs through some of the letters.  Your mothers dream was to be a professional chef?
I had no idea, Emma replies sadly.  Langford
Your mother changed her name back after your father left, Elizabeth says as though she has just put the thought together or has channeled the information from some mystical source.
I dont even remember my fathers last name?  Emma asks as tears stream down from her eyes.  How fucked up in the head am I?  Really?  Why cant I remember any of these things?
Maybe in time
I cant deal with any of this.  It doesnt make any sense.  None of it does.  If they wanted to be together, why didnt they
Well technically, for years I think they were.
Not like that, Emma says as she shakes her head and wipes away her tears with her short yellow sleeve.  My father abandoned uswhy didnt she just do whatever?
Maybe she held up appearances for you.  Maybe it was something that she planned on following through once you moved out.  Then complications
You mean I went fucking crazy.
I would put it a much nicer way, Elizabeth says as she sets the box down on the bed and places her hand against Emmas head and rubs her hair as though she is some kind of pet.  Maybe she felt that too much change would push you over the edge.
That means I would have had to have problems all the way since I was liketwelve?
Its sad, but altogether possible, Elizabeth says as she returns to the box and retrieves a letter at seemingly random.
It looks like youve had problems in the pasthowever; they did not take you to get help.  At least not until you tried to kill yourself, Elizabeth says, adding evidence to her theory that they kept their affair a secret in order to keep Emmas life more balanced.
Maybe Im crazy now.  Maybe I never stopped being crazy.  I prevented my mother from being happy.  All these years, and I never knew that she had aspirations of being anything other than what she was.  She had an idea of how she wanted her life to be, but because of meshe died unhappyshe never pursued her dreams.
Do not treat yourself so harshly, Elizabeth says as she slides out another letter.  Do not forget that their happiness would have caused pain to another family.
Ethan Emma says as she places her and over eyes.  Her head hurts from the influx of all the new information that her mind attempts to process.  He was just going to walk out on his familylike my dad did.
He would have been in your shoes, Elizabeth says as she nods in agreement.  He would have grown up without a father.
Do you think they were still togetherall the way up until she died?
Only one person would have that answer, Elizabeth says as she replaces the letter in the box and sets it down upon the bed.  You would have to ask him.
I cant do that, Emma protests as she gets to her feet and grabs the metal box from the bed.  I wish I would have never found thiswhat am I supposed to tell Ethan?  How can I face him tonight and not even think about it?  How can I just go in there and face his father and say, hey I found a box of love letters
He is the only one who would have the answers, Elizabeth says as she begins to walk out of the room.
Emma follows behind her, she shuts the doorthe metal box tucked beneath her arm.  I do not think that I can confront him about this.
Well the other girlAlexis, Elizabeth says with a strange touch of jealousy in usually kind voice.  She wanted you to find this.  I believe she expects that you will ultimately confront Brian Metcalfe.
God, I wouldnt even know how to begin, Emma says as she shakes her head.
Just go to the office when it is not busydrop the letters in front of him, Elizabeth says as she begins to descend the spiral staircase.  The rest should just happen.  Hell have an explanation, Im sure.  Lets just hope that its an honest one.  Just start with saying that you will keep it between the two of you.  It is obvious he cares for you.
So I shouldnt tell Ethan?
Exposing this to his family at this point would only bring them pain.
Shouldnt they know the truth, even if it is painful?  Isnt that how youve been treating meall of you?
I suppose then, it is up to you.  Do you bring others pain because you are going through it?  Elizabeth asks as she sits down at the kitchen table and lets out an exhausted sigh.  Your mother is goneI imagine that he has gone through a lot of pain.  Do you feel that he needs to go through more?  Would it make you feel better?
If it were up to me no one would experience pain, Emma says as she notices the visibly tired Elizabeth.  Are you alright?
Just tired, Elizabeth says as she shrugs her shoulders and folds her arms against the table.
You dont seem like the girl that I met that first night, Emma adds, noting the strange change in personalities.  You were much more forceful.
There is a chance it might not have been me, Elizabeth admits.  I know what happened, it feels like they were my words.  I suppose though, in a way, Im connected to all the othersjust like Im connected to you.
Its just that, Emma says softly as she recalls faintly everything that happened that first night she realized who she truly was.  You seem different the more time passes.
I  Elizabeth says as she nods.  I feelless important.  I feel like I dont matter in the grand scheme of things anymore.
Dont say that, Emma objects.  You are important.
I worry that once Im no longer usefulIll just disappear permanently.
I think that you are incredibly useful, Emma says as she reaches across the table and places her hand over Elizabeths; it is not as warm as it used to be.  You are the only one I can talk to freely.
Thank you Elizabeth whispers softly.  I think I need to go and lay down.
Of course, Emma says as she nods.  I have an appointment.
And a date, Elizabeth adds with a weak smile.  
Im not looking forward to either.
Try and enjoy your day regardless, Elizabeth says as she gets to her feet and begins to head towards the staircase.
Is there anything  Emma begins as she grabs her keys from her purse and heads towards the door.  Anything I should doanywhere I should go?
Do whatever you like, Elizabeth says as she heads up the stairs.  It is your life, make the best of it.

*

Emma reaches the city with a bit of time to kill before her appointment with Dr. Riley.  She drives down Pennsylvania Street and pauses outside of Brian Metcalfes insurance office.  She looks to the metal box of letters while attempting to bring up enough courage to actually go in and confront him.  She spots a young woman entering the building and decides against itinstead she heads to her appointment early.
Emma enters the familiar brown waiting room.  She picks up a People magazine from the table and quickly flips through itnothing in it catches her interest.  She stares blankly for a few moments at the paintings of the fog filled green trees that follow the winding black paved road.  She wonders where such a place exists.  It looks nice.  For the first time in a while she feels the urge to travel, to see something new.  She wonders if this is even a possible option.  If those invisible hooks that keep her locked firmly into familiarity have released their panic inducing hold upon her.
As the door opens to Dr. Rileys office, Emma is surprised to be greeting by another familiar face.
Justine?  Emma asks as she gets to her feet and sets the magazine back down upon the mosaic stone table.  
Emmafrom yesterday, Justine says as she nods and reaches out a hand.
I didnt know that you were a patient of Julies, Emma says as she takes Justines hand.
Have been for a few years, Justine says with a small smile.  I guess our journey is on a more similar path than we thought.
I suppose it is, Emma adds as she nods and smiles.  The necklaceit was a great gift.  The person I gave it to loved it.  Oh, and the painting, it looks great on my wall.
Im so pleased, Justine says as she flashes a brighter smile.  Like I said, Ill be aroundwell not at the shop, its well over a hundred today with the humidity.  If you need anything though, you know how to get a hold of me?
I have your number, Emma says as she instinctively pulls out her cell.  Ill give you a call when I get a chance.
Sounds great, Justine says as she heads for the door.  Have a good session.
Emma enters the office and sits down upon the couch.  
So youve met Justine?  Julie Riley asks as she turns her chair to face away from her writing desk.  
I found her shop while visiting the beach yesterday, Emma answers as she rests her arms beneath her and folds her legs.  I bought some art from her.
Thats great, Dr. Riley says as she smiles broadly.  Im glad to hear that went out to the beachand, also made a connection.  Justine is a great person.  She has been through a lotnothing I can talk about, of course.  But, Im sure that you two can find something in common.
I also, Emma begins as she feels herself blushing ever-so-slightly.  I have a date tonight.
All this progress and only the third day of your breakthrough, Dr. Riley says as she nods and widens her eyes.  Soon you wont even need me at this rate.  I am deeply impressed.
Things arent completely Emma begins, however has a hard time finding exactly where she should begin.  perfect.
What is going on that is negative?
Did you know my mother?
Other than the few times we met when she first set up our appointments, Dr. Riley says as she scratches the side of her face with a long red nail.  I do not think that we really talked all that much, other than a plan of action for your careI mean I know very little of her personally.
Do you know Brian Metcalfe?
Owns a small insurance company downtown, your mother worked for him, and he helped you out after she passed, Dr. Riley says as she rattled of the short list.  Other than seeing where he works when I drive bythe only other information I know is from you.
They were having an affairwhile my father was still with my mother.  I found some letters in a box in her old room.  He wanted to leave his family; he wanted my mother to leave my father and run off with him.
Im sorry Emma, Dr. Riley says as she shakes her head.  
The worst part of itwas that my mother always pretended that she enjoyed living this poor kind of simple life, when in truth she was just doing it so that she had an excuse to continue working for him.
Why didnt they follow through with the plans after your father left?
Thats what I keep asking myselfand the only thing that I can come up with is that this last episode wasnt the first time Ive hadissues.
There is no history of treatment up until you turned twenty, Dr. Riley says as she turns back to her table and pulls out the bottom drawer, revealing a large case of files.  She finds Emmas history and thumbs through it.  Yeah There is nothing beyond.  Then again, looking back, I always felt you should have gotten treatment when your boyfriend passed away.  I suppose your mother waiting until the house was completely burning before calling the fire departmentnothing against your mother, of course.
I dont remember him very well, Emma says sadly.
Im so sorry, Dr. Riley says as she quickly files away the paperwork.  I did not mean any of that to be insensitive at all.  I feel so foolish.  Its just that with the paperworkI tend to get impersonal, which, of course, is why I never bring it out during a session.  I just broke my own ruleIm so sorry Emma.
Did you know that my name used to be Langford?
I did not know that, Dr. Riley says she folds her arms and places her clasped fists beneath her chin.
Why cant I remember that my name used to be Langford?
Perhaps, the memory of him leaving was painful.  Whenever someone that we love leaves us unexpectedly, it is impossible to just manage through it. I believe that it always leaves some kind of scarnot the visible kind, but up in here, Dr. Riley says as she knocks against her head with a knuckle.
Do you think he knew about my mother and Brain Metcalfe?
It would have made it easier for him to detach himself, Dr Riley replies.  I could not say for sure.  I mean I do not know the circumstances, but it is entirely possible.
I think I have to confront him, Emma whispers as she feels an uncomfortable twinge of anxiety as she speaks the words.  Eventually, I think I have to find out.  I dont even remember my fathers first name.  I did not know that my mother had this secret lifetheres so much that he knows.  I just hope that he is willing to provide me with answers.
From what youve told me about him in the past, he seems like a reasonable man.
I know, it is just the fear of how he will react, Emma says as she lets out a sigh.
Well, our minds tend to make things play out far worse than they actually will, Dr. Riley says.  I think in the end youll find it a cathartic experience.
I will go, Emma says softly as she looks away to the window.  She can make out the parking lot and a few trees.  The air shimmers in waves from the heat.  When Im readywhen they tell me I should, I guess.
They?
There is one thing, Emma says as she hesitates.  Does she really want to do this?  Dr. Riley has always been kind and understandingbut this whole other versions thing could be a bit too much, even for an experienced therapist.  
Yes?
I dont want to talk about it, Emma says as she attempts to buy more time to convince herself just how bad an idea revealing this would be.  I mean I do
We dont have to talk about anything you dont want to.
Here goes, Emma says as she exhales.  Im seeingversions of myself.  Theyre in my house, and at the beachI see them walking down the street.
And they look just like you do?
Yes, Emma says.  Also, they talk to me.  I dont know how many there are, but I think Ive talked to either three or four of them.
What do they tell you?
They say that they are there to help me regain my memories, to make me whole again, Emma answers, purposefully leaving the part where they warned her that the world is going to end in five more days because she had a worshipping fetish for sunlight.  
This is not completely unheard of, Dr. Riley says as she scratches against her cheeka telltale sign that she is processing information or recalling facts.  Although it is more common in schizophrenia, not to scare youbut you may have a mild form of that.  However, the mind is a very powerful and complex thing.  These other versions of you, they are most likely your mind attempting to process all the changes in a manner that makes the most sense to you.  I believe that they are there to do just that make you whole again and while I can understand how it would seem unsettling, I do not think it should be anything you should be overly concerned about.
Okay  Emma whispers.  
Have there been any instances where youve seen them in the presence of other people?
Yes, Emma replies with a single nod.  There have been a few times when Ive talked to these other versions while people should have been able to see themand they have not.
I can only imagine how scary it must seembut just remember that they are not real.  They are just a way for your mind to cope with all these new changes in your lifestyle.  I believe that once you are in a much more stable routine that youll find that these visions will fade.  How are you doing on your medication by the way?
Im supposed to be on medication?  Emma asks, she thinks backshe remembers having to take pills for anxiety.  However, lately, she has not had the anxiety so she has forgotten completely.
You should really have cut down instead of gone cold turkey, Dr. Riley says as she shakes her head and looks sternly at Emma for a moment, then returns to her smiling demeanor.  I suppose though you are doing finejust next time, if you are on any medication that you feel you dont need any morecut down, do not just stop.
Its strange, Emma says as she nods.  I just forgot.
Well it looks like no harm has been done, Dr. Riley says reassuringly.  Are there any other issues youd like to discuss?  I would say that your improvements outweigh any of the concerns you haveeven if they are sad revelations about your mother.  Im sure that will work out alright.
That picture in the lobby, with the trees and the winding road and fog
Yes?
Where was that taken?
Im not completely sure, Dr. Riley says as she cocks her head sideways and thinks about it for a moment.  When I was younger I saw a lot of roads like that in the rural parts of Missouri.  Theres also a lot of nice wooded road up north near Door County.  Why do you ask?
Id like to go somewhere like that, Emma says as she takes a mental note of the places mentioned.  
So you think you are able to travel?
I have the urge to do so 
Youve got the means to do so, Dr. Riley says as she tilts her head back and forth and smiles.  You really are a new you arent you?
A whole bunch of them, Emma says.
And you still have that off sense of humor.
It seems to be, and hopefully is, the only thing Ive carried over from my time being that depressed girl, Emma says as she stretches her arms out in front of her and lets out a short yawn.  I think I could travel, soon.
I would love to see you do that, Dr. Riley says as she gets to her feet.  Good luck with your date tonight.
Ill give you the details in a few days, Emma says.
Dont stay outdoors too long, Dr. Riley warns as Emma heads out of the room.  Its pretty miserable out there today.

*

As Emma exists the building the oppressive heat is so strong in nearly takes her breath away.  She briskly walks to her car and turns the air conditioning on high.  A lot of What Dr. Riley said made a lot of sensehowever it did not explain this heat.  Perhaps, it is just coincidence?  
Emma starts the car and begins to drive home.  

*

As Emma enters her house she follows the hallway and rounds the corner that leads into the kitchen.  Upon the table, Elizabeth is sittingher head buried in her hands.  
Elizabeth?
Emma?  Elizabeth asks as she attempts to raise her head.
Are you alright?  Emma asks as she comes close to Elizabeth.  Emma places a hand upon Elizabeths shoulder; her skin is clammy to the touch.
Are you alright?  Elizabeth repeats mindlessly.
Whats wrong with you?  Emma asks as she attempts to gain Elizabeths attention.  
Whats wrong with you?  Elizabeth says as she pushes Emma away.
A strange, sickening feeling begins to grow in Emmas stomach.  She feels as though she is about to be ill.  She takes a few steps back as her head grows dizzy and he heart pounds like a relentless drum in her chest.  Sweat drips from her forehead as she attempts to wipe it away with her hand she feels herself foreheadit is burning up.
Emma can feel herself falling backwards to the floor.  Her legs have given out and she is falling to the ground like a displaced house of cards.
Emma Elizabeth whispers as she suddenly turns her attention and reaches a hand out.  Stop
Despite Elizabeths command, Emma does not stop.  She continues her descent to the floor.  She looks up to the ceiling as everything begins to grow dim.  Elizabeth gets to her feet and stands above her, she kneels beside Emma.  
Whats happening to me?  Emma asks.  Elizabeth looks strangealmost as though Emma is viewing the world through a fish-eye lens.
Emma?  Elizabeth asks as she places her hand upon Emmas forehead.  Youre burning.
Emmas vision goes black.  

*

7/25/12
3:45-7:31 p.m.
MISSING TIME

*

Emmas eyes slowly adjust to the soft subdued light of evening.  She reaches up and pulls a cool washcloth from her head.  
Emma?  Elizabeth asks from the edge of the bed.  Are you alright?
Yeah, Emma says as she slowly pulls herself to an upright position.  What happened?
You just kind ofpassed out, Elizabeth says with a tone of relief in her voice as though she has been deeply worried.  I didnt know what to doI couldnt exactly call the ambulance.  I knew youd be alright.  I think I did anywayits not time yet.
What was up with you when I got home?
I dont know, Elizabeth says embarrassedly.  I kind of felt like I was slipping away mentally Until you fell, that snapped me out of it.
Thank you for taking care of me, Emma says as she crawls out of bed.  She looks out the windowthe last rays of sunlight are visible over the tree-line in the distance.  What time is it?
Time for you to get ready for your date, Elizabeth whispers sadly as she looks away from both Emma and the window that serves as her ticking clock.
Im sorry Elizabeth, Emma apologizes.
Do you think Ill be back tomorrow?
I know you will, Emma says reassuringly as she places her arms around Elizabeth.  It is a strange thing, Emma thinks, to be friends with ones own self.  However, in a way, Elizabeth is differentso it kind of makes sense to her.  Ill need you tomorrow.
Im just glad you feel better, Elizabeth says as a painful look washes over her face.  Darkness fills the room as Elizabeth tears away into burning stray ashes.  The final pieces of her glow off into the air and disappear completely into the ether.
Be well, Elizabeth, Emma whispers as she leaves the bedroom.  She wonders if she should still go on this dategiven the situation.  Between passing out without explanation, and the knowledge that Emmas Mother and was having a very long affair with Ethans fatherher apprehension at the idea of dinner seems more like a logical one rather than an irrational fear based decision.  However, she wants to see him.  Despite the fact that it has only been one dayshe misses him.  
Emma stands in front of her closet.  She pulls out a playful short yellow dress with a plunging neckline.  It has been a long time since she has worn a dress, especially one that shows off a bit of her assets.   She strips down and climbs into the dress.  She finds a pair of yellow open toed shoes with daisies painted on the sides and slips them over her bare feet.  Emma then, carefully, descends the stairs and looks at herself in the mirror.  She puts on a bit of pink lipstick.  She pulls her long hair to the side and fixes it in place with a barrette.  
A knock on the door comes from down below.  
Emma rushes down the stairs, careful not to trip in her shoesand opens the door.  
Holy shit, Ethan says as he looks at Emma.  Im sorryI mean good evening.  I just, Ive just seen you in jeans and a t-shirt.
Holy shit to you too, Emma replies playfully.  Ethan looks handsome.  He is wearing a grey button up shirt and tight fitting blue jeans.  It is nice to see him in something that isnt covered in dirt.  His hair is spiked up in the front and his rough face has been cleaned up a bitbut not too much.  Emma likes the rough, ruggedness of his features.

*

Ethan escorts Emma into a dimly lit Chinese restaurant.  The dcor is simple, plain wooden booths line white walls with large-brushstroke paintings of mountains, trees, and plants that are hung above each seating.   A large white beckoning neko sits on a large shelf against the back wall along with a golden Buddha and a small bamboo plant.  Save for Ethan and Emma, the restaurant in completely vacant.
Is this booth good?  Ethan asks as he leads Emma to a small recessed corner.  
This is perfect, Emma says as she sits down against the cushion of unidentifiable origin and crosses her legs so that her toes touch the edge of pole holding the table upsomething she does out of comfort and instinct.  Do you come here often?
Ethan laughs, Thats supposed to be my line isnt it?
Emma looks away as she hides a small embarrassed laugh with her hand.  I didnt mean it like that.
I got ya, Ethan says as he nods.  I like to come here after work.  Life gets terribly noisy sometimes during the week, if you come an hour before they close you have the place all to yourself.  It is quite peaceful really.
Ive never even heard of this place, Emma says as she looks around her.  The only thing that makes her feel slightly uneasy is the lack of windows.
Its pretty small, family owned, Ethan says as he hands a menu to Emma.  Plus its far from the lake so it doesnt get a lot of tourist traffic.
A woman approaches the dimly lit restaurant with a pad of paper in hand.
Ah, Ethanwill you have the usual again tonight?
Emma looks up to the woman and instantly turns away.  The waitress looks exactly like one of her clonesthe blonde hair, the blue eyes, and the familiar features.  She could be any of them by appearance, Elizabeth, Alexisor even a new one.
Yes, Ethan says.  Emma, are you good or do you need a moment.
Vegetable fried rice, Emma quickly spouts out as she continues to look away.  A coke that should be all.  Thanks.
Thank you, the waitress replies as she begins to leave.
Emma turns to watch and sees a woman with dark hair walking away.
Are you alright?  Ethan asks as he looks to Emma with a concerned look upon his face.  Do you know her?
Oh, Emma says as she attempts to concoct a reasonable sounding excuse.  Im just not good with new people.  Or really, I mean, more than one person.  I prefer one on one interaction, anything more than that, and it kind of frazzles me out a bitsorry.
It is what it is, Ethan says as he places his hands together and attempts to change the subject.  Crazy how hot it is, even at nightright?
Its definitely, Emma begins; she pauses as she attempts to make sense of sensory overload that her mind has placed upon itself.  Her mind goes back to her therapistthese visions, these clones, are they not real?  Are they just her mind trying to fix itself?  Could the weather be a coincidence?  None of it made senseif they were not real, who was cooking her meals?  
Unusual?
Unusual, Emma repeats as she snaps back to reality.  She realizes that she is probably making for terrible company.  She hopes that Ethan is not beginning to regret his decision to take her to dinner.  Thats the wordI was looking for.
Its okay, Ethan says as plates are set out in front on him.  The heat makes it hard to think.
Emma looks away for fear that she will see herselfshe knows that she probably would not, after all, it is nighttime.  Instead, she keeps her eyes fixed to table and whispers, Thank you.
Thank you, Ann, Ethan says as the woman walks away.
Im sorry, Emma says sadly as she feels an overwhelming sense of worthlessness inside of her.  For all of her success, it seems as though she is marred with just as much difficulty.  Im probably a terrible date.
Ethan nearly chokes as he takes a sip of his soda.  I didnt know that you actually considered this a dateIm flattered.
Well its Emma begins, and then realizes she has no idea how to finish.  It is if you want it to be.  It was your idea, Emma adds in an almost accusatory tone.
No, Im happy that you even would consider it as such, Ethan says as he smiles.  As for the rest, dont worry about it at allyoure fine.
Im really not.
I mean, Ethan says as he backtracks.  I know what youve been throughI mean, Im sure I dont know everything that there is to know about you, Id like to, I justI know what my father has told me about your life.  I know that it has not been a kind one.
Emma gulps painfully at the mention of father, she thinks back to the love letter addressed to her motherpart of her wants to say something, however, she knows that this would be a very bad idea.  She remembers back to what Elizabeth had said, just because you are in pain does it mean you should bring it to others? 
So how is your father?  Have you seen him?
We meet once a week for lunch and talkother than that he is pretty busy.  Ill come by the house and visit him and my mother, Brenna, every now and then when Im not busy, Ethan says as he pokes at his noodle dish and places a spoonful of it into his mouth.
Ive never met your mother, Emma admits.  She did not remember seeing her at her mothers funeral, or anytime at the office for that matter.    
Ethan swallows his food and allows himself a moment before he says, Shes mostly at home.  Shes actually wheelchair bound, has been that way ever since I was very little.  She was in a car accident a long time ago.
This bit of information makes Emma feel even worse about the affair that her mother and Ethans father was conducting.  Not only did Brian Metcalfe plan on leaving a son, but a disabled wife as wellthis made him seem all the more a monster to her, and the more of a monster he became the more scared Emma was of ultimately confronting him.  Then, her mind flashed back to an early conversationwhen that clone version of herself led her back into his office, he mentioned wanting to leave early because he had dinner plans with his wife two hours north Does she ever get out?
She sits in the gardenmy father made her a beautiful garden.  It has a waterfall and all these amazing climbing ivy plants that cover parts of a concrete walkway that he built himself for her.  Although with the heat, she hasnt been out therebut yeah, that is about the extent of her getting out of the house.  She does not like to travel or be in a car at all.
I can understand the feeling, Emma whispers, as she adds this bit of information to the growing pile of things that she does not understanddoes this mean Ethans father is having another affair?  Was this just who he waswas that why Emmas mother never got together with him.  Perhaps she was just one of many I have spent a lot of time in the house.  When I was depressed, it was all I would do.
She definitely has some depression issues, Ethan says as he set down his fork and placed a hand over his eyes as he let out a heavy sigh.  It wasnt really an accident.  She was driving down south in Illinois, I think to visit friendsshe ended up crossing over the median on the highway and hitting a car head on, killing two peopleshe was drunk at the time.  I dont remember it much, but she went away for a while when I really little.  I dont think shes ever really recoverednot that what she did was something she should forget.  I just, feel bad for her sometimes.
I think  Emma begins; she remembers the flash of memory of erratic lights and her ex-boyfriend being struck from behind as he is jogging.  My ex was killed by a drunk driver.
Im sorry, Ethan says as he shakes his head.  I wanted to just say, accidentI mean always do.  Im always covering for her.  Although, not for her sake.  I guess Im just kind of ashamed.  I didnt mean to bring it up.
Its okay, Emma says as she attempts to shrug off the unpleasant feeling that the memory brings to her.  I mean, it was a little over three years ago.  I dont really remember it much.  I think I have kind of nearly completely blocked it out.
Thats when you stopped going out of the house?  Ethan asks and then pauses.  I mean, if you dont mind me asking.  Is that what caused you to be?
Become what I am now?
I dont mean anything negative.  I think Id just like to understand my mother better, Ethan says as he nods.  I like who you arefrom what I know about you.  I mean I dont know a lot.  However, I like what I do know.
Even with me being kind of crazy?  Emma asks with a laugh.
Youre not crazy, Ethan says.  Everyones just a little unique.
Do you or your father hold anything against your motherfor doing what she did?  Emma asks.  Perhaps this was part of the puzzle for the reason why Ethans father was having an affair, and possibly still is having one.  
She beats herself up enough over it, Ethan says as his lips narrow and he begins to nod his head slowly as though the thought has crossed his mind many times.  Plus with her being wheelchair bound, shell never walk againI know that her actions destroyed two lives, so I dont know that its a fair trade off.  I dont know what fair is really.  I guess the short answer is no, for my part.  My father, he doesnt bring it upever.  He takes care of her though, so there has to be love there, right?  I mean, otherwise he would have left her.
Yeah Emma replies quietly, although; she has information to the contrary.  Brian Metcalfe becomes a little less monster and a little more human in her mindhowever, still overly intimidating.  However, the idea that he would just abandon his son to linger in the burden of his mothers depression is still sickening to Emma.  It was that loss that pushed me into becoming someone else for a whilethen one day I woke up, and I didnt have to be that depressed person anymore.
I dont think shell ever recovershes been punishing herself since 1993.
Some wounds take longer to heal
Are you healed?
Im getting there, Emma says as she smiles confidently and nods once.  I am by no means a normal girl, butIm finding that there are a lot of people like me.  Different circumstances, of course, but a lot of people are I guessdamaged.  I just think that I would worry that no one would accept meor like me because of how different I am.
I would accept you, Ethan quickly replies.  I mean I know how it is; being around my mother so muchand you havent done anything wrong.  So of course Id like you, for being youand different.
Thats really sweet Ethan, Emma says as she feels her cheeks grow red and begins to laugh.  So you go after crazy girls then?
Only ones Ive admired from a distance for a while, Ethan admits.  I saw you standing by my father at your mothers funeral.  He used to tell me stories about how well you were doingjust small things really.  I mean I hate to bring up another bad memory for you, but when I saw you that dayI wanted to get to know you.  I just never was presented with the opportunity.
Until I walked in that day, Emma says as she nervously bites her bottom lip.  
Exactly  Ethan says as he looks to Emma.  I didnt know Id have to wait over a year, but I enjoy your companyI loved our little adventure.  So all in all, Id say it was a worthwhile wait.
The tunnel
Have you been back down there?  Ethan says as he changes the subject as an awkward tone fills his voice.  Really interesting stuff
Not yet, Emma says.  I dont really want to go in alonealthough I do want to go back.
Im free tonight, Ethan volunteers.
Well, Emma begins as she places her hands upon the table and gestures out a tunnel, I was thinkingthat we found the room at that crossroad.
The hidden room?  Ethan asks as he follows Emmas hands against the table with his eyes.
I figured that at one time it just looked like a brick wall, Emma continues.  I thought that, maybe, if there was one room broken down like thatthat there could be one that is still intact.
It is definitely a possibility, Ethan says as he nods.  Im interested.  Ive got all my gear in the truckwould you like to go back to your place?
Isnt that supposed to be my line?  Emma says jokingly as she laughs once more.  And yes, I would like to have you with me on this littleadventure.

*
Back at Emmas house on Old Pine Hollow Road, Emma and Ethan stand beside his truck as he pulls a crowbar from one of the metal compartments.  The night sky is hazy and the sounds of crickets fill the air in an almost obtrusive manner.  The moon is partially blocked by a semi-translucent cloud.  
Do you ever find it creepy?  Ethan asks as he shoves a flashlight into his pocket.  Living out here all alone?
I never really did, Emma replies as she wipes a bead of sweat from the back of her neck.  The air is heavy with humidity and it makes it difficult to breathe.  I mean, Ive always found that the only thing that there really is to be afraid of is people.
Sounds reasonable, Ethan says as he nods.  Like a sauna out herelets head in?
Right, Emma says as she leads the way up the short cement staircase.  She reaches into her purse and retrieves her keys.  After a little resistance, the old door creaks open.
I could fix that, Ethan says as he eyes the rusty hinges of the door as he passes into the house.  
There are a few things I had planned on fixing, Emma says as she remembers the mental list of home improvements she had plannedthat was before she was told that the end was near.  
Planned?
It doesnt seem important anymore, Emma replies.  She then attempts to cover up the fact that she means something entirely different.  I mean, Im not here that muchI dont want to be a shut in.
Got it, Ethan says as he allows the door to creak shut behind him.  It gives the house character anyway.
Emma pauses by the basement door.  She is reluctant to enterreluctant to discover what may lie behind the brick hallway.
Would you like me to lead?  Ethan asks, as he brushes past Emma and places his hand upon the ornate doorknob.  I know you dont necessarily like the basement.
I would, Emma answers as a strange shiver, not unpleasant in any way, rushes over her as she feels the brief contact of their skin.  Id appreciate it.
No problem, Ethan says as he opens the door and heads down the stairs.  
Emma follows behind closely.  They navigate the passageways.  Once more Emma pauses at the stone slab and feels that overwhelming sense of uneasiness within her.  
You alright back there?
Yep, Emma says as she continues on, walking straight into Ethan and almost causing him to fall over.  Shit, sorry.
Ethan laughs as he places his arms on Emmas shoulders and steadies them both.  Something odd about this room isnt there?
I dont like it, Emma says as her smile disappears from her face.  I always think that they slaughtered animals here.  I dont know if thats right.  Its just the stone slab right in the middle of the room and the drain at the bottom.
I hate to say it, Ethan says as he looks around the room.  Youre probably right though.  They probably prepared meat hereif you look on the far wall there it looks like there used to be chains or hooks that would hang on that long beam.
I would rather not.
Im sorry, Ethan says as he shakes his head and lets out an uncomfortable laugh.  Im sometimes prettyoblivious.  I mean, I get stuck on the facts and I dont realize that Im making you uncomfortable.
It is fine, Emma says as she nudges against Ethan to continue onward.  Youre just lucky youre cuteso you can get away with it.
You think Im cute?
I umm  Emma replies, realizing that she has just said something completely out of character.  Of course she thinks he is cuteshe figures any girl would.  She would just have never vocalized such a statement.  Perhaps, this is more of her old self coming back.  I suppose I do.
Thats a wonderful complimentEthan says as he nervously runs his hand through his hair.  I really didnt expect it.  You are absolutely beautiful, by the way.  In case you were curious what I thought.
I dont think so, Emma says as she briefly shakes her headshe doesnt see it.  She used to think Alexis was pretty, she thinks that Elizabeth is pretty; however she has a hard time accepting that she is attractive, even though both Alexis and Elizabeth are reflections of herself.  But I do appreciate it?
I think so, Ethan says reassuringly then follows up with a sarcastic laugh.  Thats all that matters right?
Sure, Emma says as she smiles.
What hack did you hire to do this job?  Ethan says as he points his flashlight to the giant hole in the brick wall.  Id get your money back.
He made a pretty big mess, Emma says as she steps over a few bricks and follows Ethan into the hidden hallway.  Luckily, I never paid.
Good move, Ethan says as a wide grin spreads across his face.
Emma presses her hand against the warm brick as she navigates her way down the dark hall, always just one step behind Ethanher safety blanket.  The hallway was dryall the water from the rain the previous night had evaporated.  The bricks were dry and rough against her hand.  Emma watched intently as Ethan manipulated the flashlight against each passing section of wall.
Id imagine it wouldnt be easy to spot, Ethan says as he pauses and places his hand against the brick.  At least a good room to hide in wouldnt be
Is there any way to tell?
Ethan brings the crowbar up and begins to knock it against the wall.  The sound echoes so loudly down the hallway that it is impossible to distinguish whether or not the walls are hollow or not.  Smart
What is?
If you try and find the false wall by noise alone, the hallway is so long that its echoes would cover up any sign of a hollow wall, Ethan answers as he continues along the cement path.
So its impossible then?
Ethan continues to walk onward, all the while tapping his crowbar against the wall lightly.  With his free hand he searches out any possible imperfections.  Not at all
Did you find something?
I believe so, Ethan says as he points the flashlight down to a small groove in a dark brown brick.  You cant just put a doorknob on this kind of thing, so youd need a way to get it open without being obvious
The room is behind here?  Emma says as she presses up against the wall.
Id imagine some kind of tool would be needed, Ethan says as he nods and slides the flat end of the crowbar into the groove.  With a slight push forward a click sound is heard.  The room opens up with a low grumble and dust fills the air.
This is it, Emma says in astonishment.  Elizabeth was rightthere was a second room.
Now what kind of treasure have we found here?  Ethan asks as he shines the flashlight and attempts to blow the dust away.  
Emma stares into the room intently.  It is much like the first roomlarge and mostly empty.  However, this room is a little different.  A large pile of stone fills the center of the room.  
Well its not exactly a pile of gold or anything, Ethan says, his voice sounding slightly disappointed.  Looks like justbusted up concrete?
Why is it here?
I guess when they were working on the tunnel, maybe making it parts of itthe stored whatever they tore down in here.
So its just broken concrete from construction?  Emma asks, she is rather disappointedshe did not know exactly what she had expected to find here.  However, why would Elizabeth want her to look for something that had no purpose?
Yeah, Ethan says as he places a hand over the rough, large, broken pieces of concrete.  Sorry to disappoint you.
Im not disappointed.  Emma says, hiding the truth from Ethan.
Ethan draws close to Emma.  Not even a little?
Maybe this much?  Emma says as she raises her hand and spaces her pointer and thumb to less than an inch apart.
Ethan reaches his hand around Emmas back and draws her close to him.  He spontaneously places his lips against hers.
Emma is taken aback by the action, however does not hesitate nor draw back.  Instead she allows his lips to linger against hers.  She then places around her arms around his body and begins to kiss him more passionately in return.
I hope this Ethan says as he pauses and looks to Emma.  Makes up for some of that disappointment.
It definitely does, Emma says as she allows herself to fall away.
Im not trying to be too forward, Ethan says softly as he allows his hands to linger against the small of Emmas back.  But, I dont have to be at work until laterI could stay.
Emma has a flashback to the nightmare she had the night before, the sight of Ethan as he waited for her with a sledgehammer in hand.  She shakes her head and she backs away a few steps.
Im sorry, Ethan adds as he shakes his head.  That was way too forward
No, Emma says as she attempts to recompose herself.  She places Ethans hands in hers and smiles.  Im just I dont think Im ready for that.  Its not that I wouldnt want to.  Its been a while actually Emma adds, as she allows her embarrassing speech to trail off into a whisper.
I am completely okay with that, Ethan says as he squeezes Emmas hands in his.  I meanI kind of forgot that we were on our first date.  It just feels like Ive known you longer.  Is that odd?
I dont think it is, Emma says as she nods.  Im just a little bit of a basket case.  Has it really been a year that youve liked me?  I mean you just saw meand heard about me?
I was fascinated, Ethan admits.  I cant quite place why.  I suppose its just one of those thingsout of my control.  Just dont go thinking I am some kind of stalker or something.  I was just drawn to you, but circumstances werebad.
Im flattered, Emma says.  I felt the same way when I saw youI really did want to know what was on the other side of that brick wall, but Id be kind of lying if I were to say that I didnt have another motivation.
Well Im glad were on the same page at least, Ethan says as he lets out a sigh of relief.  I really do have to get up at like five in the morning tomorrowI was just kind of
Hoping to score?
I just really like youand youre really hot in that dress, Ethan says as he laughs.  You cant blame a guy for hopingat least I hope you will not in this case.
So you were lying about not needing to be up early?
Well sleepEthan begins, as he shrugs his shoulders.  Its terribly overrated.  Im sorry though, really.
We should head back up, Emma says as she turns to the door and begins to leave the empty room.  Its getting pretty hot down here.
Right, Ethan says as he follows Emmas lead.

*

Well, thank you again for another adventure, Ethan says as he smiles to Emma and places his hand upon the door.  
So you have to be up at five?
Yeah, Ethan replies as he looks down to his watch.  Its eleven now, so maybe four hours of sleep after a shower.
Sleep is terribly overrated, Emma says as she places her hand into Ethans and tugs him away from the front door.
It is Ethan adds as his eyes widen.  
Without another word, Emma leads Ethan up the spiral staircaseall the way up to the attic room.  She takes Ethans other hand and pulls him to the bed, allowing him to be atop her.  
Are you sure youre okay with this?  Ethan asks as he runs a hand through Emmas long hair and brushes it away from her sparkling blue eyes.
Without a response, Emma gently pushes him away and sits up against the bed.  She pulls up her dress and giggles as it gets caught for a moment against her chin.  She then tugs up on Ethans shirt until it is completely off and tosses it upon the floor.  She runs her hand against his well built chest as she places her lips against his.
Ill take that as a yes, Ethan says as he reaches behind Emmas back and unsnaps her white and yellow flowered bra, revealing two small globes of tanned flesh and small pink nipples.  
Emma shudders as his hands cup her breasts as he lays her down and begins to press his lips against her nipples alternatively.  She lets out a sharp, short little moan as he takes one of them fully into his mouth.  Emma reaches down and fumbles with his belt.  With a little help from Ethan, it is off and she begins to unbutton his jeans.  Ethan slides to the side, keeping his attention on her breasts, to allow his jeans to slide off the side of the bed.  
Emma pulls him against her body.  She can feel the hard form of him through his thin boxers.  She grinds herself against it until she can no longer take it.  She pulls down his boxers with one hand while she violently rips down her matching yellow and white panties with her other.
Completely exposed and on her back, Emma can feel his erection fumbling between her legs, sliding rhythmically against her wetness.  With a heavy, delighted, moan she glides him inside of her with a helping hand.  He responds with a groan as he pushes the length of himself deep inside of her.  
You are so beautiful, Ethan whispers as he begins to kiss her neck as he thrusts himself in and out of her in a slow, full motion.  
Thanks Emma whispers awkwardly, as she lets out another quiet moan of pleasure.  She can feel herself tighten against him as he continues to press himself harder and harder into her.  As Emmas mind slightly wanders to whether or not thanks was a good reply, as she has never been good for regular conversation, let alone sexual conversationshe feels a wave of pleasure that rips her away from her irrational thoughts as she begins to come.
Ethan can sense this oncoming flood of pleasure as he quickens his pace and his groaning.  He thrusts one final time as her body shudders and her back arches as she squeezes down hard against his cock as she comes.  Ethan follows shortly after.  He collapses upon her, his breath heavy and his chest covered in a fine layer of sweat.
Emma lets out one final whisper of a whimper as he slides out of her and rolls to her side on the bed.  An overwhelming sense of pleasure fills herhowever, in the back of her mind, she finds a bit of guilt.  After all, she has been hiding the fact that their parents were having an affairhiding an awful truth about how terrible her father was.  She regrets not saying something.  She does not, however, regret this act.  After all, if the other versions of her were correctshe did not have much time and she was glad that she could spend an intimate moment with someone who cared for her.  After all, life is shortand for her and the rest of the worldpossibly very short.
Are you alright?  Ethan asks as he caresses Emmas cheek with his fingertips.  You look a little sadwas it alright?
Emma smiles as she turns to Ethan and nods.  Im fine.
Im glad, Ethan says as he embraces Emma.  
Dont die, Emma whispers as she returns the embrace tightly.  She does not completely understand where this statement, or command, comes from.  Perhaps, it is a fragment of a memory from her past.  All of sudden she feels sad and guilty once more.  A few uncontrollable tears begin to stream down from her eyes.
Hey Ethan says as he wipes away her wet tears with his hand.  Everythings alright.  Im not going to die.
Emma laughs as she wipes away the tears from her eyes and covers herself up with a blanket.  Im sorry about thatI dont know what that was all about.  Remember, Im a little crazy I think.
Dont be sorry, Ethan says as he smiles.  I like you just the way you are.  Would you like me to stay?
I would rather sleep alone, Emma objects, in all honesty she would not mind the companybut she knows that she will have visitors in the morning.  I mean, I like youa lot.  I really do.  I just feel a bit more comfortable alone right now.  I would love to see you again.
Before I go, Ethan says as he collects his clothing.  Can I ask you out?
I thought you already did?
I mean formally, Ethan adds.  I mean as a youre my girlfriend kind of thing.
Well we already got the sex out of the way and that was pretty great, Emma says a she teases Ethan.  So I suppose, that would be fine.
Ethan laughs as he nods.  Next time, Ill shoot for better than pretty great.
Emma, wrapped up in a blanket, walks Ethan down to the front door.  She kisses him once goodnight as he leaves.  The heat from outside enters the cool house as she shuts the door behind him.  Just another reminder that she only has five more days leftif the other versions of her are correct.
Back in bed, the unfairness of the situation enters her mind.  What is the point of it all?  She is finally happyshe has made a romantic connection.  She is doing what the other versions of herself want her to.  She feels that she is getting better in some regards, but her mind keeps looping back to the idea that it is all for nothing.  There has to be some way to stop this, especially now that she has something worth fighting for.  As she reluctantly drifts off into slumberher mind keeps wandering back to that intimate moment with Ethan.  

Day 3
Chapter 4: Bargaining

Emma finds herself back in the brick hallway.  Only this time, her mind is aware that this is another dream.  She can feel the heat, it is overwhelming.  She wonders if this is how it will be when her time ultimately comes.  She apprehensively approaches the brick wallshe knows the routine by nowthe charred bodies, reaching out for her.  The screams, the burning touch of their hands against her skinworse than any sunburn she has inflicted upon herself all these years.  Emma sits upon the concrete floor.  This time, she simply waits for the end so that she can wake up.  
As Emma waits, a girl rushes past her and runs down the hall.  It is another version of Emma.  The girl looks back once, Emma recognizes the eyes.  She quickly gets to her feet and begins to chase Alexis.  
Stop!  Emma shouts as she feels as though she is running in slow motion.  
She follows Alexis all the way into the greenhouse.  Alexis begins searching through boxes, tossing them aside.
What are you looking for?  Emma asks as she approaches her clone.
Alexis acts as though Emma does not even exist and continues to ransack the large greenhouse.  Alexis rips apart a large wooden storage box finding only books, frustrated; she tosses them aside and kicks the empty box and lets out a scream.
What are you doing?  Emma presses.  However, just as before, Alexis does not acknowledge her.
Where the fuck is it?  Alexis says aloud as she circles the large room.  She eyes the bed and approaches it, she climbs down to her knees and looks beneath the bed.  She then climbs beneath the bed to where only her bare legs are exposed.  After a bit of rustling about, she returns with a large silver knife.
I know that knife, Emma whispers as she nervously looks around the room.  
Alexis looks pleased with her discovery.  She attempts to take a few steps forward and collides with Emma.  What?
Alexis?
What are you doing awake?  Alexis asks as she attempts to hide the blade in the folds of her white dress.
What is thatthat knife, Emma asks.  Ive seen it before.  Ive beenstabbed by it before.
Its not your business.  
What do you mean?  Whose business is it?  Emma asks as she balls her fists in frustration.  
Alexis points upward to the sun that shines brightly through the trees.  Its business
Emma looks up and is blinded by its brilliance.  She shields her eyes with her hands and turns her attention to Alexis who now holds the blade to Emmas chest.
What are you doing?  Emma asks nervously as she can feel the sharp edge of the knife against her skin.  
You shouldnt be awake, Alexis repeats as she presses the knife against Alexis and draws a tiny bead of crimson blood from her flesh.
Im still asleep, Emma protests as she attempts to back away, but finds herself glued to the spot.  It is as though the ground has melted beneath her feet and is keeping her firmly in place.
How are you here?  Alexis asks as she raises the blade to Emmas throat.
Sol  Emma reads from the familiar inscription on the fancy blade.
With one swift motion Alexis slices at Emmas throat.  Emma attempts to talk but only manages to gurgle up an unhealthy amount of blood.  She can feel herself falling down to the floorinstead of a hard surface she is greeted by a soft cushion of earth.  Alexis begins to walk away, wiping the blood stained blade against the edge of her dress.
Emma attempts to cry out for help.  She cannot do so.  She can hardly even breathe.  Like quicksand she feels herself sinking further and further into the earth.  The sunlight blinds her overhead and the light from its all encompassing glow engulfs her.  The ground swallows Emma completely as she is overcome by panic.  
Emma jumps up in bed.  Just as so many mornings before, she is covered in sweat.  She tosses the damp blanket to the ground and attempts to remember why she is naked and in her attic bedroom again.  Then the memory of the time she spent with Ethan returns to her mind as it begins to calm down from the shock of the nightmare.
Sol, A familiar voice says, catching Emma of guard.
Elizabeth Emma whispers as she turns to the girl who sits upon the old sun worn couch.  Emma quickly gets up from the bed and pulls a long pink t-shirt from the closet and covers up her naked form.  
Its Latin for sun, Elizabeth whispers.  
Could you see? Emma begins, as she attempts to comprehend Elizabeths words.  It is far too early and Emma is still groggy.  my dream?
Its strange, Elizabeth says as she raises her knees up to her chin and wraps her arms around her legs.  I have a memory of itwhen I arrived, I had this in my mind.
So is it real?  Emma asks as she sits back down against her sweat soaked bed.
The knife?
I believe it is, Elizabeth says as she nods once.  I think Alexis has it now.
What does it mean?  Emma asks as she attempts to make any sense of the dream.  Why was she so intent on finding it?
I dont know that, Elizabeth says as her eyes narrow and a sad frown forms on her face.  I know that we can keep things
The necklace, Emma says as she notices the familiar, sun shaped, yellow glass necklace around Elizabeths neck.  It went with you?
It did, Elizabeth replies.  I suppose that means that Alexis can take that knife with her.  I dont think she can be trustedeven if she is one of us.
Do you know that?
Its just what I feel, Elizabeth says in a tone that is almost jealous.  Alexis seems to be able to do things I cant.
Elizabeth, Emma whispers.
Yes?
Were friends, right?  Emma asks as she gets up from her bed and places her hands upon Elizabeths shoulders.  I mean I care for youand you take care of me.
I think we are, Elizabeth says as she nods robotically.  When I was sent here, I had this notion that Id hate youor that youd hate me.  Youre not like I thought you would be.
Well I was more like Alexis, Emma whispers as she continues to keep her gaze upon Elizabeth.  Until someone changed that, maybe youbut that doesnt matter.   I dont hate you.
Thank you, Elizabeth whispers.  Though Im not worthy of your friendship.
You are.
Im not as important
Look, you are extremely important to me, Emma says reassuringly.  I need to know, from a friend to a friend, is there anything I can do to stop all of this from happening?
You care about someonea relationship, Elizabeth whispers.
Yes, Emma says as she nods her head emphatically.  So please, if you know anythingeven if you dont think it is important.  Even if it is something youre supposed to keep from me.  As a friend, Im begging you.
Im sorry Emma, Elizabeth says as she hides her eyes and begins to weep softly.  there is nothing that I know that I havent told you.
It is alright Elizabeth, Emma whispers as she places her arms around the fragile girl.  Her body feels tepid to the touch.  She does not understand why this version is sick, or has been growing weakperhaps; it has something to do with Alexis being so powerful.
I fear that this is my last day, Elizabeth says as she continues to cry.
Why would it be?  Emma asks.  You thought you wouldnt be back today, but you are here.
It is just how I feel.
I know you feel that way, but it doesnt have to be that wayjust keep hanging on, Emma says as she squeezes Elizabeths shoulders firmly.  Ill find a way to fix this if I can.  Ill find a way to make you normal, I promise.
I dont deserve it.
Look, I get itEmma says as she takes Elizabeth by hand.  You were sent to tell me something terrible, to keep me playing this game that I have to see through to the endit does not mean that I do not care for you.  You arent like me.  Youre kind.  You may look like me, but you are your own person.
Youre kind as wellyoure too kind to me.
If I have become kind, it is because you have shown me how to be so.
Someones at the door, Elizabeth whispers.  
Right now?
Elizabeth nods.  They wont come in though.  They are just going to wait for you to come down.  
Emma quickly gets dressed, tossing on some tight grey running shorts and pair of mismatched socks.  It must be Hope
Ill have something ready for you for when you come back, Elizabeth says subserviently as she nods.  
Why dont you come with us?  Emma asks as she slips into a pair of worn white sneakers.  Getting out of the house would probably do you a lot of good.
Alexis was right, Elizabeth says sadly as she looks down to the floor.  I cant leave the house.
Im sorry
Dont keep her waiting too long, Elizabeth says as she gestures for Emma to leave.  Little girls can be impatient.
Emma rushes down the spiral staircase and opens the door.  Just as Elizabeth had predicted, a young version of Emma stands in a white dress.  The sun illuminates her light wheat blonde hair causing it to glow in the morning air.  
You said you would play with me if I came, Hope says as she folds her arms impatiently against her chest.  
Its pretty hot outside, Emma says as she can feel the heat in the air seeping in through the open door.  Would you like to come inside for a drink before we go?
I dont drink, Hope replies.  I dont want to come in either.
Alright Hope, Emma says as she nods and steps out of the house and follows Hope down the cement staircase.  Where are we going?
I always liked the woodsI have a favorite place I like to play.  Would you like to see it?
Of course I would, Emma says as she allows the little girl to lead her by hand.
The pair runs through the woods.  A small breeze offers Emma a little comfort from the otherwise oppressive heat.  The sun flashes like a strobe light through the trees as Emma keeps in pace with the energetic girl.  They stop as the woods thicken.  
This way, Hope says as she leads Emma through a tiny opening in the thicket.  Emma has to crawl on her hands and knees to enter.  The small passage leads to a thick, dim, forest.  Trees of all different sizes line the view ahead.  The ground is covered in soft moss.  There is a sense of familiarity, of sanctuary, to this place.  If Hope used to play hereit is likely that Emma often played here.  
Look, Hope whispers as she points off to the distance.  Its a deer.
I used to see them all the time from my window in the attic  Emma says as she ducks down and watches the majestic animal graze upon some low foliage.  Ive never seen a white one before.
I see her all the time.
They like it here because no one but me comes out here anymore.
This is a pretty special place, Emma says as she watches the deer bound off and disappear into the thick brush. Its very pretty.
This isnt the place, Hope says as she takes Emma by the hand once more.
Still, Emma says as she slowly begins to be led away.  This is a pretty nice place.
The place I play is a lot nicerits a secret building.
Emma and Hope walk along through the woods until they reach a glass building with a textured concrete foundation.  The glass building is in perfect shape, it is full of trees and flowers that have overtaken the building.
This isthe greenhouse?  Emma says questioningly.  It cant be the same one.  This one is perfect.
This is where I like to play, Hope whispers as she places her hands against the glass.  Sometimes I leave the door open and the butterflies come in.  You can see in through here.
Emma places her face against the glass, through a clearing of tangled bushes she can make out the familiar greenhouse.  However, there is no tree that has broken its way througha bed sits in the middle of the room surrounded by many different flowers and twisting, overgrown, bushes.  
What is that man doing to mommy?  Hope says in a shocked tone.  Hes attacking her...Help her Emma.
Emma looks down to Hope, as she frustratingly beats her open hands against the low concrete wall.  
I dont see Emma says as she returns her eyes to the bed.  There, naked, she sees her motheronly she is much younger than she remembers.  A man is on top of her, thrusting as beads of sweat drop down from his face and briefly catch the light of the sun as they fall to the bed.  
Look away Hope, Emma whispers as she is horrified by what she is seeing.  This is impossible.  Muffled moans can be heard through the glass.  How is she able to see thiswhy is she seeing this?  Before her confused mind can ask any further questions she catches a glimpse of a mans face on the other side of the greenhouse.  
Dad?  Hope whispers and then takes off running.
Emma follows behind as they round the greenhouse.  The couple in the throes of passion seems completely oblivious to all that is going on just outside the glass walls.  As she rounds the corner she catches the sight of a man running away and back towards the house.
Daddy!  Hope shouts again as she quickly chases after the man.  Help mom!
Emma chases Hope as fast as her feet will carry her.  As they reach a small clearing close to the house, Hope completely disappears.  
Hope?  Emma asks as she stops running and attempts to catch her breath.  Hope!
Emma searches the area, but finds no sign of either the little girl or the man.  Was thather father?  Was that why he left?  Was that the day that he left?  Emma was beginning to understand a little more now.  
Emma runs back to the greenhouse.  Her body covered in sweat she enters the hot building.  Everything is back to how she remembers it from before.  A tree branch has grown through the glass, the bed sits beneath it.  However, something is differentthe room has been trashed.  Boxes are strewn about and books litter the ground.  Emma quickly recalls the dream from earlierAlexis had been here.  Emma retraces Alexiss steps and carefully crawls beneath the bed.  She retrieves an empty box with a small note inside of it.

To my beloved Sarah Olivia Langford:  A gift for when you become that world class chef that I know you will be someday.
You are loved, and always will be,
Brian Metcalfe

Sarah Olivia Langford Emma says aloud.  SO...L
Emma places the note in the small pocket in the backside of her running shorts.  She enters the stairwell and begins her trek back to the house.  Things were making a bit more sense nowperhaps her father had not disappeared after all.  Like a puzzle, things were falling into place.  Her fathers unexpected disappearance, the bricked up wallEthan had mentioned that his father had worked on the house.  Perhaps her fathers body was buried somewhere in the housethat would account for all the hidden broken concrete.  
Elizabeth met Emma at the top of the stairs with a chilled bottle of water.
Did you figure out what you needed to?  Elizabeth asks as she beckons Emma to follow her to the kitchen.
I think that Brian Metcalfe killed my father, Emma says as the reality of it all sinks in.  He was theremy fatherhe saw everything.  Brian must have found out andmurdered him.
What are you going to do?
I need to confront him, Emma says confidently.  For the first time, she is not afraidalthough she feels that she should be.  However, Hope needed her to do this.  She could feel this much.
You should eat first, Elizabeth says as she attempts to bring Emma to the kitchen.
I cant, Emma says as she runs up the stairs and enters her mothers old room and retrieves the metal box of letters.  
Please eat something first, Elizabeth insists once more.
Ill lose my nerve if I dont go now, Emma says as she nods and smiles, Ill be fine Elizabeththank you.
If I dont see you again, Elizabeth whispers.  Please take care of yourself.
Dont talk like thatIll be back, I promise.

*

Emma patiently sits outside of the small insurance building waiting for the old lady who has been chatting up Brian Metcalfe for the past fifteen minutes or so.  Once she exits the building, Emma makes her move.  She jumps out of her car and enters the office.
Emma, Brian says as he smiles.
Emma does not say anything in reply.  She locks the door behind her and closes the shades.
What Brian begins, What are you doing?
I want answers, Emma says as she drops down a pile of love letters onto Brians table.  
With a heavy sigh Brian slithers into his chair and begins to thumb through all of the old letters.  I had no idea that your mother kept these
You were just going to leave Ethan and your wife behind?
You have to understand
I dont have to understand shit, Emma quips sharply as she slams an open fist upon the table.  You and my mother were having an affairyou caused my father to leave.
I did not cause your father to leave Emma
Is that because you possibly murdered him?  Emma asks as she places down the note from the box that used to contain the silver knife.
You know about the knife?
So you did it then?  Emma asks, as she reaches for her phone in her pocket.
Wait, Emma, you dont understand Brian says as he holds his hands out in protest.  Dont make that callplease.  Just give me ten minutes to explain, if you still think I did it then go ahead and call the police.  Justyou know meI could never kill anyone.  I was there to help you.
Guilt?
I loved your mother.  I never meant to hurt your father but you have to understandtheir relationship, your father, Stephenand your motherit meant nothing to her.  He wasnt even your real father.
Wasnt my real father?
Your mom was left by your real father after only one year of marriage.  I would tell you his name, but she never mentioned it.  She had a hard time and I was not able to financially help as I had my own family issuesmy wife was not welland we had to pay a great deal in order to get her help.  So your mother met a rich man and married him so that you would not have to suffer.  There were days when your mother would not eat, so that you could eat.  There were times when you had no power or watermonths when you lived out of a car.  When Stephen Langford came into her life, she did not love him.  She was with him out of necessitybecause she cared for you.
Then why did you kill him?
I did not kill him, Brian says as he reaches for his laptop and types in a few words.  He killed himselfor at least thats what we think happened.
Because he caught you?
Yes, Brian says with a heavy sigh as he buries his large face in his hands.  He then turns the computer to face Emma, Heres the article.
Emma quickly scans the newspaper report stating that Stephen A. Langford set his boat to lake Michigan during a thunderstorm and disappearedwreckage from his boat was recovered a few days later, however, a body was never found.
What about the knife?
You dont know about the knife?  Brian asks as though he is deeply puzzled.
Why would you hide it?
I didnt hide it, Brian says as he folds his hands together against the table.  Your mother never wanted Stephen Langford to find it, so she hid it in our special place.
What about the room with the concrete?
I did that work, I resurfaced the entire greenhouse.  That old place was broken down, cracked floors and broken glassI bricked up the hole in the wall, your mother convinced Stephen that it was a waste of electricity to keep such a drafty long tunnel connected.  I made it so that it was our special place.  I never, in a million years, thought he would ever find itor us, Brian says as he shook his head and looked nearly on the verge of tears.  He was always on his computerhe cared very little for being outdoors, he was never meant to go there.  He never had a reason to.
After my fatherafter Stephen Langford leftwhy didnt you follow through with your plans?
Guilt, Brian says as he wipes away tears from his eyes.  Your mother and I could not follow through after what we had caused.  She never saw me again outside of work.
Why didnt she just quit then?  Emma asked, confused at the idea that they had ended their relationship.
Thats the scar that being in such a desperate situation left her with.  No matter how much money she hadshe always worried that it would never be enough.  Your father had left quite a large inheritance, but she never wanted to touch itshe never wanted you to go through what she had endured.  Despite the fact that I still loved her, and perhaps she still loved meshe never said anything about it after that.
Youre cheating on your wife now again though.
How do you know?
You mentioned dinner plans two hours northI know your wife doesnt leave the house.
Im a depressed man, Brian says as he lets out another heavy sigh and punches himself in the side of his head.  She never leaves.  I never I have no joy in this life.  I live in a house that ever since Ethan left it is full of depression and sadness.
What happened to me?  I know this past few years havent been the first of my issues.
After your father leftwe never told you it was a suicidewe figured it would be too difficult.  You kind of broke down and refused to leave the house for a few years.  You got better on your own.
How do I know that any of this is true?  Emma asks as she attempts to piece together all the pieces in her mind.  She is so confused by the entire situation that she does not know what is true and what is not.  His words seem sincere, but Emma knows that he has kept many secrets.
Please, Emma, Brian pleads once more as he begins to cry.  I am not a killer.  I did cause someone to take their lifeI admit to that, and I will forever carry that burden with me.  It kept me from being with the one I loved.  I now care for my wife who has also caused harm, which is my punishment.  I am not a perfect person; I am not even a good person.  Please do not tell Ethan.  Our relationship is already strained.  If you care about him, which I think that you dohe called me earlier, he cares about youthen please, just keep this from him.
Its all a cycle of lies then isnt it?
It is what we felt we had to do, Brian says as he looks down to the table which is wet from his tears.  It was wrong, but it was love.  Just please, dont tell Ethan about my mistakes.  If he were to ever find out that I was planning on abandoning himI fear hed never talk to me.
Do you ever wonder that you might deserve that?  Emma asks as she places her hands upon the table and narrows her eyes.  She had no idea that she could be so cruel until now.  Dont we all deserve a little truth after all the lies youve told?
Please Emmadont do this.
I wont be a part of your liesIve already kept the letters from him and I feel terrible about it.  I wont do it any further.
It will destroy me.
Like it destroyed my stepfather?
He wasnt a good person
Are you any better?
No, Brian says as he hangs his head down low.  Im begging, Ill give you anything you wantjust dont tell Ethan.
What I want Emma begins as she slams her fists against the table.  She grabs the stack of letters from the table and clutches them against her chest, is to not be a part of this.  Maybe Ethan will forgive you.  Maybe he wont.  I doubt it will destroy youyouve got other women Im sure.  Youve made your bed, lie in it like the dog you are.
Emma
Emma turns and heads towards the door.
Please
She ignores the desperation in Brian Metcalfes voice and unlocks the door.  She turns to look at him one last time in disgust.  Go to hell.
As the door closes she can hear the sounds of the man sobbing.  She returns to her car and sits for a moment, gathering her breath.  The encounter had taken a lot out of herbut she did it.  She had confronted her monster.  
Emma retrieves her cell from her purse and clicks on Ethans number.  It goes to voicemail.  Ethanthis is EmmaI just wanted to give you a call.  I need you to come by as soon as you can.  I need to talk to you.  It is very important.  Just, please come to the house as soon as you can.

*

Emma rushes up the concrete stairs and opens the door to her house.  She pauses before entering and she shields her eyes with her hand and looks up to the midday sunit is unbearably hot.  So hot, that a large black crow lies dead against the gravel of her driveway; a death likely due to heat stroke or lack of water.  The air is so hot that it burns her throat and dries her nostrils with each breath she takes in.  Unable to endure the heat any longer, Emma steps in and closes the door behind her.  
Elizabeth?  Emma asks out to the quiet house.  
I did it, Emma adds.  I confronted him
As Emma enters the kitchen she spots the necklace that she had given to Elizabeth sitting upon a folded piece of paper on the wooden table.  Emma pushes the piece of jewelry aside and unfolds the piece of paper.  It simply reads, Youve changed.
Elizabeth!  Emma shouts as she makes her way from room to room in search of her friend.  You dont understand.  He was responsible for my fathers deathI had to do what I did.
Please Elizabeth Emma whispers as she collapses upon the couch in the living room.  Emma begins to wonder if she handled the situation correctly or not.  There was no doubt in her mind that Brian did not directly kill her stepfather, but he was ultimately responsible.  However, no more so than her own mothershe had not really thought about that.  Elizabeths words came to her mindsomething about leaving his family out of this as it would only cause them pain as well.  Emma buries her face in her hands as she realizes, this was not the way that Elizabeth had wanted Emma to handle it.  As she replays the way she acted towards Brian in her mind, she realizes that she was just as much a monster as he was.  When he begged for kindness, she only offered him cruelty.  Although what he did was terrible, he helped Emma in her worst times.  Did he really deserve everything Emma had said to him?  She felt so conflicted.  Her stepfather was deadthere were secrets, terrible secrets.  He intended to leave his family.  Was it wrong to not want to be a part of his lies?
ElizabethIm sorry, Emma whispers as she begins to cry uncontrollably.  She feels as though she has lost her only close friend.  Elizabeth would have just wanted her to find answers, never threatennever cast out so much hatred.  Had she listened to Elizabeth and paused a moment, had breakfast, and thought it over, Emma probably would have come up with a more civilized plan of action.  
A knock came upon the door.  Emma jumped up from the couch and made her way to the entryway.  She hesitates in as her hand is placed on the door.  It must be Ethan, she figures.  However, she is no longer so resolute in revealing everything that she knows to him.  She has to tell him something, after all, she left quite an urgent message.  Emma lets out a heavy sigh as she opens the door.  To her surprise it is not Ethan, but his father.
Emma attempts to slam the door on the large man as he bursts into the entry.  
What the fuck are you doing here?  Emma shouts as she attempts to flee.
Just stop for a moment, Brian shouts as he tightly grabs a hold of Emmas arm.  Calm down.
Emmas back turned to her assailant; she twists her arm in an attempt to escape his bear-trap like hold upon her.  She strikes blindly at him with her free hand.  He quickly overpowers her and wraps his arm around her body tightly grasping her by her waist.  Her attempts to struggle further are halted as she spots a steel knife against her arm.  I I thought you werent capable of killing anyone.
I have never killed anyone Brain says as he places the blade against Emmas wrist.  You dont understand.  This is for your own good.
Please dont, Emma whispers as she feels a piercing pain as the Brian runs the blade across her wrist.  Her hand feels warm as blood begins to cover it.  He then wipes the handle of the blade and places it in Emmas lap as he gently lowers her to the floor.  Emma feels weak form the blood loss as she attempts to dig out her cell phone from her purse that lies nearby.  Pleasedont leave me like this.
Where was your sense of compassion earlier?  Brian asks as he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a handkerchief, he places it over his hand as he drops the phone from the cradle, allowing it to strike against the floor, and dials a few numbers.  You arent going to die.  I could never do that to youI just wont allow you to destroy my family.
Ill tell them the truth Emma mutters weakly.  When they get here, Ill tell everyone you did this
Who will believe you?  Brian says as he steps over her and heads for the door.  He pauses, and picks up the stack of letters that are resting upon a table by the door.  Im at work, and youre the one with the history of suicide and mental illnessgood luck with that.
You fucking pig, Emma whispers as the door slams shut.  Emma looks down to her wrist, the cut is deep.  A pool of blood has formed on the floor around her.  She attempts to inch her way to her purse.  She manages to make it a short distance before she passes out.  

*

7/26/12
12:45pm-9:02pm
MISSING TIME

*


Emma awakens to the sight of fluorescent white lights above her.  She is lying against her back; an unfamiliar textured ceiling hangs above her.  She groggily looks to her wristit is bandaged up.   Worst of all, she is restrained.  She knows her location by smell alone; it is a familiar, sickening, clean, terrifying hospital.  She turns her head to face the line of three windows on the far end of the room.  It is darkshe has no memory of coming here.  Her last memory was ofBrain Metcalfe.  
Help mesomeone, Emma says as she finds her words difficult to form.  She feels as though she has been heavily sedated.  
A nurse that looks eerie familiar walks into the room.  Youre conscious, thats goodwe were worried for a while there.
No Emma protests as she buries her face from the vision.  Youre not me.
I understand that life can be really hard sometimes, the nurse that bears her resemblance replies as she places a hand upon Emmas shoulder.  You will get betteryoure lucky to be alive.
Is she awake?  A familiar voice asks.
She is not to have visitors, the nurse replies as she attempts to turn the woman away.
Im her therapist, Dr. Riley says as she pushes her way past the woman and places her hand in Emmas.  You can leave now.
If you need anything just press the button.
Just go, Dr. Riley says firmly as she pulls up a chair and sits beside Emma.  Shut the door on your way out.
The nurse does as she is told, although she wears a sour look upon her face as she follows Dr. Rileys orders.  
Emma, Dr. Riley comfortingly says as she squeezes Emmas hand.  What happened?
Emma raises her head form the pillowshe is comforted to see a face that is not her own.  Dr. Riley
Yes hon, Dr. Riley says as she nods.  Can you tell me what happened?
Im not suicidal, Emma says as she attempts to raise herself up a bit, but finds herself unable to do so due to the restraints.
Here, let me help you, Dr. Riley says as she presses a button on the bed and raises it up a bit.  It doesnt look good Emmayou dialed 911 and cut your wrist pretty badly. You had lost a lot of blood by the time the ENTs arrived.  What changed?  They found a note that you had written, one that just said youve changed. What does that mean?
It was Brian Metcalfe Emma protest weakly as she attempts to clear out her muddled head.  I confronted him about my fatherwell stepfatherand he begged me not to tell his son, but I I said would do it.  Then Elizabeth disappeared.  I thought it was Ethan but it wasnt Ethan it was his father.
So you are saying that Brain Metcalfethe one that helped you Dr. Riley said somewhat skeptically as she continued to hold onto Emmas hand.
He said no one would believe me over him because Im crazy, Emma says as she begins to cry out of frustration.  But he was therehe was the reason my stepfather committed suicide.
Do you have any proof of this, Dr. Riley says as she attempts to calm Emma down.  Anything I can take to the policeI do believe you Emma.
You dont, Emma says sadly as she shakes her head.  I dont blame you for it, but you dont.
You do have to understand how this looks Dr. Riley says as she covers her eyes.  I mean you were making such progress, right?  Im not saying its not possible that you believe that this event happenedbut there is a chance that it might not have.
He did it because I confronted himbecause I threatened to expose his affair.
Ill do what I can do, Dr. Riley says as she lets out a heavy sigh.  I promise you, I will have the police look into it.
He took the letters, Emma adds.
Maybe that is something that they can work off of, Dr Riley says as she gets to her feet.  Please just trust me.
I do, Emma says as she fights back tears.  She suspects that Dr. Riley does not believe herhell; she would have a hard time believing her own story given her history.  She could not just let Brian Metcalfe get away with this though.  What is going to happen to me?
Theyll probably keep you here for a few days, Dr. Riley says as she folds her arms and looks down to the tiled floor.  With your historythey will probably want to monitor you for a time.  Ill do the best I can do to get you out of here earlierbut, if this thing with Brian Metcalfe doesnt work, or we cant prove that he was responsibleyou can probably count on being here for three, maybe four days.
I cant be here that long Emma protests.  She only has four days left.  Please believe medont let him get away with it.
Ill do my best, I promise.  Just be patientbe calm.  Do not give them any more reasons to think that you arent okay.  Relax.  I know it is hard right now.  Ill go to the police now.  You just rest.
You promise you will go to the police?
I will go right now.
Promise me.
I promise you, Emma.
Okay  Emma says hesitantly as she looks Julie Riley in the eyes.  Ill be calm.
Just get better, Dr. Riley adds.  Ill see you as soon as I can.  Take care, Emma.
Thank you.
As Dr. Riley leaves Emma begins to cry once more.  She is worried that Brian was rightno one is going to believe someone who has attempted suicide before, and has had such a rich history of mental illness.  The thought of him getting away with this act sickens her.  If only she had gotten a hold of Ethan.  
The nurse returns into the room.  She pushes some medication into Emmas I.V.  What is that?
Just something to keep you calm, the nurse replies.
Im calm
Something to help you sleep
I didnt want it, Emma says as her vision begins to turn blurry.
Youll feel a lot better when you wake up in the morning, the nurse adds as she walks out of the room and turns off the bright overhead lights.  
Fuck you to Emma murmurs, however the nurse is out of earshot.  The room feels like it is spinning.  If this was supposed to make her feel betterit definitely was not reaching its intended effect.  Emma felt nervous and shaky.  However, her eyes felt heavy.  Sleep came shortly after; however it was very forceful and unnatural.  There was no calm lull, no drifting off into the nightinstead; there was only a heavy oppressive feeling of being crammed into the realm of dreams.

Day 4
Chapter 5: Anger

Emmas eyes adjust to the dim light as she comes into consciousness upon a cold cut-stone floor.  She is in a house that is unfamiliar to her.  It is lavishly decorated with abstract paintings hung on deep brown walls.  Emma gets to her feet, her body is sore.  She looks down to her bandaged wrist, it aches painfully as she places her weight upon it.
Emma attempts to gain her bearings in this strange house.  She guides herself down a hallway, her hands pressed against the brown walls for support.  She feels weak and dizzyshe feels drugged.  A door opens behind her, flooding in hallway with bright light that burns her exhausted eyes.  Emma turns to see who has entered the strange house.  She takes a deep breath in and attempts to run as she sees Brian Metcalfe enter the hallway.  He sets a briefcase down upon a marble table next to the door and heads her way.
Leave me alone Emma whimpers as she attempts to flee, but finds running impossible.  It is as though the floor is made of sand and the hallway is tilted.  Emma feels his warmth pass through heras he, shockingly, passes right through her.  He takes no notice of her.  Emmas heavy breathing begins to return normal as she begins to realize she is caught in one of her dreams.  However, she does not understand why this one is so drastically different.  All of her other dreams took place in the hallway beneath her house.
Emma follows as best she can until she rounds a corner.  She finds herself in a large room.  An oak wooden writing desk sits in the center of the room atop a red carpet with an intricate black floral print upon it.  A leather chair resides by the desk, a small golden lamp with a green toplike a bankers lamp, sits atop the table along with a few silver pens.  The room overlooks a magnificent garden.  As Brian sits down upon the writing desk, Emma turns her attention outdoors.  A woman is slumped over in a wheelchair in the sunlight just beyond the sliding glass door.  
Ethans mother?  Emma says aloud as she paces to the window and gazes outward.  The woman looks lifelessher skin is a deep red.  The sight of the woman reminds Emma of that dead black crow in her driveway.  Emma turns to look to Brian as he reaches into his pocket and unlocks a drawer.  He pulls it open and in it he places the letters that he had stolen from Emma.  He is completely oblivious to what has happened just outside.
Emmas attention is turned back to the door as it slides open.  There, smiling a thin and evil little smile is Alexis.  She is holding the sliver knife in her hand.
Brian turns and lets out a sound that comes off as something between a choke and a scream.  Emma How did you get here?
Its Alexis.
Youre in the hospital  Brian says robotically, he cannot make sense of how he is seeing her as he attempts to sink into his chair in fear.  You cant be here.
And yet here I am, Alexis says enthusiastically as she spreads her arms wide and jumps toward Brian who recoils and raises his hands above him to protect himself from any attack that he feels will soon come.
You dont understand 
I understand completely, Alexis says as she inches forward.  She playfully twirls the knife around in her hand.  I believe it is you that understands nothingyou know me right?  Im Alexis.  Im not Emma.
Youre the same person
Cant be though, can we?  Alexis says as she places the knife to her wrist and uses it to point out that there is no injury.  As I, as you can clearly see, am unharmed.
How is this possibleare you a ghost?
Are you implying that Emma is dead?  
No I mean I had no intention of doing so.  She was just getting to close
To the truth, Alexis finished as she brought herself close to Brian.  
What are you going to do to me?
Nothing, Alexis says as she tosses the knife into Brians lap.  Although I did wheel your wife out into the gardenit was a lovely day.  We had a nice talk as we waited for you to get homeI may have left her in the sun a bit too long.
Brian looks out the window and finally spots his wife lying lifeless in her wheelchair.  Brian begins to tremble in a mixture of horror and anger.  You murdered my wife?
In a way she kind of did it to herself, Alexis says as she turns her back to Brian and looks to the woman slumped over in the wheelchair.  I mean she just kind of sat thereits like she didnt want to live anyway.
Brian grabs the knife in his lap and lunges at Alexis.
Stop Alexis says as Brian freezes a few inches from striking Alexiss flesh with the blade.
Like I said, Alexis begins as she forcibly pushes Brian back into his leather chair.  She removes the knife from his hand and places one of the silver pens into it and squeezes his hand so he grips it tightly.  Im not going to do anything to youbut you are going to do a few things for me.
I never meant you any harm, Brian protests as he shakes violently in attempt to free himself of whatever hold Alexis has upon him.  I did what I did to help protect you.
So you only cut the wrists of the ones you care forinteresting way of showing affection.
I protected
Silence, please, Alexis commands as she nods her head and pulls a piece of paper from the drawer and places it in front of Brian.
Brian attempts say something, but he cannot manage any words past his muffled lips.  He picks up the pen and places it to paper.
Write about how you were the one who cut Emmas wristin order to hide your affair from your family, Alexis says as she reaches over and places her hand upon the locked drawer.  With one swift motion she breaks it open, sending letters scattering across the room.  Write about how you just cant go on living with the guilt that you have amassed over all these long yearsfinallywrite about where the body is.
Where the body is?  Emma asks, although no one can neither hear nor see her.  Did this mean that Brian killed her stepfather after all?  Emma felt that she should somehow stop this.  She was slowly beginning to realize that Alexis was forcing Brian to craft his own suicide letter.  
Brian hesitates with the last part.  He attempts once more to break free.  
Write it down, Alexis says as she places her hand on Brians shoulder and squeezes firmly.  
Brian, without any other choice, does as he is told.  Once finished, he sets the pen down and picks up the silver blade.  
Dont do this Alexis!  Emma shouts.
Ironic that you are going to kill yourself with the same knife you gifted to my motherwell, a little, isnt it?  Alexis says as she gestures for Brian to continue.
Emma attempts to reach out and to stop his hand, but finds that she is nothing more than a ghost in this world.  She cannot interactonly watch as the events unfold before her.  Alexisthis is too far.  If you can hear me at all, please stop.  This I dont want any of this.
Brian places the blade sideways against his wrist.  
Youve been watching too many movies, Alexis says as she grasps Brians hand and points the blade parallel to his wrist.  You cut up and down, not across
No! Emma shouts once more as she attempts to grasp unsuccessfully at the knife.  
Brian begins to cut into his own flesh as tears stream down from his eyes.  Blood rushes forth from the wound in a heavy spray.  Alexis jumps atop the table and watches intently as the life slowly fades from Brians eyes.  He slumps back in the chair as his eyes roll back in his head.  
Emma turns towards the red front door as it bursts open.  Ethans voice can be heard down the hall.  DadWeve got to get the hospitalthey say that Emma
Dont hurt him, Emma pleads.
Sleep  Alexis whispers as Ethan falls to the floor, his head striking the stone surface.  Or knock yourself outeither way works for me.
No Emma sobs as she begins to cry.  She looks at the gruesome scene and falls to her knees.  Because of herbecause she refused to keep Brians secret she has wrought an unimaginable pain upon Ethan.
Alexis smiles as she looks upon the chaos she has caused.  She then opens the backdoor and disappears into the sunlight.  
The body, Emma whispers as she wipes away the tears from her eyes and attempts to get to her feet.  So he did murder my stepfatherwhere is the body?
Emma takes a step forward and the whole house begins to shudder.  The stone ground begins to crack beneath her weight like a thin layer of ice on a frozen lake.  Emma reaches her hand out in an attempt to read Brians final letterjust before her fingers come into contact, the entire floor beneath her shatters away like fragile glass.  Emma falls down into an endless darkness.  Her hand still outstretched as though she still holds onto the hope that she could reach that letter.  She feels herself all onto something sharp.  Broken pieces of concrete are lying around her stained in blood.  She attempts to move, but finds that her body is broken.  She takes a deep breath in and holds it as the pain sears through her body.  
Wake up  Emma repeats over and over as though the words will help her free herself from this terrible nightmare.
With a jolt, Emma awakens in her hospital bed.  Her restraints are gone.  A hot breeze blows into the room.  Emma looks to the window and sees Alexis sitting on the open window sill; her dress is stained with blood.
What have you done Alexis?
Ive freed you
Did that really happen?  Emma asks as she attempts to recall every detail of the memory.
I have to give you quite a bit of credit, Alexis says as she smiles.  You really pushed him to desperation.  Without that, I dont think we could have uncovered his dirty little secrets.  Youre not weak after all.
I should have never taken it so far
It was angerit gives us strength.  Lets us do what we need to be done.
Im not like you, Emma protests as she buries her head in her pillow.  I dont want to be like you.
Youre more like me than that weakling Elizabethyoure so much like me youd be amazed.  It felt good, didnt it?  Confronting him, showing him no compassion at allI loved the part where you told him to go to hell.
Where is Elizabeth, Emma asks.
Gone, Alexis replies as she looks out the window.  Youve got me.  You dont need her.
I hate you, Emma whispers.
Alexis laughs as she brushes a hand through her windswept hair.  After everything I have done for you?
Youve turned me into something I never wanted to be.
I turned you into what you have to be, Alexis says in stern tone.  You wanted answersyouve got them.  You want to spend your last days in here?
Im going to stop it.
So nave, Alexis says as she shakes her head.  Even that empty-headed waif Elizabeth knew that there was no stopping it.
Elizabeth is by far a better person than you are.
Ungrateful as always, Alexis says as she throws her hands up dramatically.  Ill see you soonwe still have business.  Anyway, enjoy your freedom.
Emma watches as Alexis jumps out the window and disappears.
Just as Alexis disappears, Dr. Riley enters the room.  Following behind her is Justine Celeste.  Emma is surprised to see her here, she wonders for what reason Dr. Riley had chosen to bring Justine along.
Emma  Dr. Riley says as she places a hand to Emmas forehead and caresses it with her hand.  How are you feeling?
Im betterI noticed Im no longer restrained
I am so sorry that I doubted you for even a moment, Dr. Riley says as she nods.  You were right, you were completely right.
Brian Metcalfe?  Emma asks apprehensively.  She has a feeling she already knows his fate.
He took his own life after leaving a note, Dr. Riley says as she places a comforting hand upon Emmas shoulder.  He terrible about what he didhis hurting you, was the last act of a very guiltydesperate man.
Hes gone, Emma says softly.  She knows for certain now that everything she saw was true.  As impossible, and terrible, as it all wasit was all true.  
Theres something else, Dr. Riley says as she takes in a heavy breath.  Your stepfather wasnt driven off, nor did he commit suicide.  Brian killed him and buried him beneath concrete in a greenhouse a short distance away from your home.
He lied to me, Emma says as a touch of disbelief taints her voice.  Of course he had good reason to.  It was just that, he seemed so sincere.  There was no sense of dishonesty that Emma could find in his defense.  How did he die?
The police are investigating it furtherand the body is in pretty bad shape so I dont think that well know for a while.
Emma?  Justine says as she meekly steps forward.  
Justine  Emma says with a nod.  Its good to see you.
We thought that it would be a bad idea for you to return to your home today, Justine begins as she approaches the bed.  Id like to invite you to stay over tonightand then you could go back tomorrow if you wanted.  Just so that youve have someone to kind of take care of you.
Is that what you want?  Emma asks.
Oh, of course, Justine says as she smiles, I dont really have many friendsany that are I dont really get visitors.  I think I would really like it.
Yeah, Emma says softly as she attempts to sit up in the hospital bed.  I would like that.
Emma, Dr. Riley says as she shakes her head and lets out one of her typical sighs.  Im so sorry.  I should have never doubted you.
Thank you for going to the police.  Thank you for keeping your promise.
It was pretty terrible there, Dr. Riley says as she looks to the open window.  It is way too hot in here for thisits supposed to hit a hundred and fourteen with the heat index today.
What about Ethan?  Emma asks as she remembers him hitting the floor.  Is he alright?
He passed out from the sight of finding his family Dr. Riley begins as she looks saddened.  His mother didnt make itat some point, maybe after finding her husband deadshe wheeled herself out into the yard and allowed herself to die of heat stroke.  Hes probably pretty shaken up.
I wonder if he hates me.
I bet he wonders the exact same thing of you, Dr. Riley says as she pats Emma on the shoulder.  Give him some time.
Can we get out here?  Emma asks as she turns to Justine.
Youre good to go, Justine says as she smiles.  Well just step out and let you get dressed and then well head back to my place.
Sounds good, Emma says as she painfully shifts herself in bed and places her bare feet against the cold tile floor.  Thank youboth of you.
Its good to have help, Dr. Riley says as she turns to Justine.  Weve all been through rough timesits the people that we surround ourselves with that help us get out of the bad times.
Thank you for being here for me, Emma adds.

*

Its not much, Justine says as she opens the door to her apartment.  It is home though.
Emma looks around in enchantment at all the colors.  The walls are painted a pale green; the sofa and matching seat are a combination of sea-foam with bamboo colored lines.  From the windows, different colored panes of glass are hung by wire from the ceiling.  The glass panels cast magnificent reds, yellows and blues against the walls.  Sea shells and clear crystals and gemstones line wooden shelves.  Wooden wind chimes hang above a row of different varieties of violets outside on the deck.  
Its an amazing view, Emma says as she looks to the empty beach and the deep blue lake beyond.  In the distance she can make out the pier that she first met Hope.  She begins to wonder where hope is now.
Thats why I love it, Justine says as she looks out and sighs contently.  Its like an ocean, living here.  I meanI cant tell the difference.
This is my bedroom, Justine says as she leads Emma to a small room with a twin sized bed adorned with a dark blue blanket with fireflies printed upon its surface.  The walls here are white, but so much art hangs from the walls that the white wall is only visible in the small cracks that exist between the paintings.  A TV sits in the corner on a nightstand and a bamboo curtain with different colored beads tied to the slats rests against the rooms single window.
I love the paintings in here, Emma says as she gazes upon the large expanse of artwork that surrounds her.  
These are the ones I cant seem to part with and sell in the store, Justine says as she nods.  Although I am running out of room
Justine then leads Emma to a nearby room.  A large table is folded to the side and pieces of glass and wire are stored in drawers. An air mattress rests upon the ground in the small room.  This is where youll be sleepingunless you want my room.  I realize its pretty small and kind of cramped.  This is usually my workshop.
This will be more than fine, Emma protests.  It is enough that youre willing to let me stay.
Willing?  Justine asks with a laugh.  Im happy to have company.
This is the last part of the tour, Justine says as she shows Emma the bathroom.  The walls are painted different shades of blue and mimic the lake view outside.  White waves mixed in with glitter line the walls like crashing waves against the shore.  A grouping of glass bulbs hang from brown nets in the corner.  Just a bathroom, Ive kind of tried to spruce it up a bitother than that just a shower and a toilet.
Did you paint this?
The walls?  Yeah, I did this a long time ago, Justine says as she runs her hand against the wall.
 Its beautiful, Emma says as she lets out a short laugh.  It is by far the most beautiful bathroom Ive seen.
Thank you, Justine says as she smiles and runs her hands through her brown hair and ties it into a band behind her head.
So youre artist and do jewelry
I dabble in a bit of everything, well I used to do morethese days I keep to art, Justine says as she kicks off her sandals and walks barefoot to the couch.  I used to dance, ballet, not professionally or anythingI havent done that in a good while.  I play guitar occasionally, andI write.  Also, not professionally, Ive finished a few novels but, theyre just sitting on my laptop.
That is impressive, Emma says with a hint of jealousy in her voice as she sits in the seat next to the couch.  Im not good at anything.
Everyones good at something, Justine says as she shakes her head.  They just havent found out what it is yet.
Oh trust me, Emma says as she laughs.  As she begins to say that she never has possessed any talent at all she has a brief flashback to being at the local collegeshe used to be a graphic design major.  It seems like a memory from another life.  I used to want to design websites, like the layout of things.  I guess, I kind of gave up on that dream though when life kind of got messed up.
I gave up on everything, Justine says as she nods and looks around the room uncomfortably.  I gave up on life not too long agoso I know how it feels.  Im sure that given enough time that youll pick it back up again, and if notIm sure youll find something you enjoy to replace it.
Why did you give up on everythingon life?  Emma asks and then instantly feels regretful for doing soit seems like too much of a personal question to ask.  You dont have to answer that if you dont want to.  I sometimesyeahsometimes I just blurt out questions or say thing without thinking them out fully.
No  Justine says as she stops Emma from continuing to feel bad for asking.  The short of it is, I went to a party with my boyfriend and two of his friends.  We were all drinking, and I drank a little too much and got sick.  I went to throw up and when I returned to the campfire they had doused the flame out.  My boyfriend stripped me and he and his friends took turns raping mewhen I tried to resist they beat me.
Im so sorry, Emma says as she lets out a short gasp.  It is amazing that you are doing so well now.
Well, I went through a very strange experience, Justine says as she nods.  A very dark experienceit took a lot of help and a lot of time.  I still have my bad days, but life is better.  Id be lying if I said I wasnt haunted by what happened, but I continue to move onhow about you?  Whats your story?
I dont even know where to begin, Emma says as she places a fist against her chin and bites the bottom of her lip.  I guess it started when my boyfriend was struck by a car and killed, I attempted to commit suicide by hanging myself in my bathroombut the bar snapped and I just ended up falling to the ground.  My mom found me and finally got me help.  I spent about three years believing that I was someone elsethat it was my sister who killed herself successfully and that I survived on.
So you actually lived life as someone else?
Yes, Emma says with a nod.  In that time my mother died, and I was in therapy to help with my severe anxiety issues in the hopes that I would remember.
What caused you to remember?
I fell down and hit my head in the bathroom, Emma says, she is now in territory that she has left out from her sessions with Dr. Riley.  When I woke up my sister was there and she forced me back into my old room.  Once I was in there I realized who I really was and a large part of my anxiety and depression disappearedthat wasabout four days ago.  Since then Ive discovered that my mother was having an affair with a man who eventually killed my father, and attempted to kill meand that my father was not even my real father, just some man my mother married so that she would not have to live poor.
That is a lot to take in, Justine says as she folds her thin legs and raps her fingers against her knee.  Are you angry at your mother?
I think so, Emma says as she gives it a moment.  I mean she was just trying to give me a good lifebut her actions, along with the man who tried to cut my wrist, ended up causing someones death.  I cannot convince myself that my mother did not know what Brian Metcalfe had done to my stepfatherI wish I knew for sure if she had a part in it.  Either way I know that she helped keep it a secret.  So I think for that I kind of hate her.  It erases the sadness I felt when she died, not completely.  I just cant see my mother same way I did when I think about her.
Id imagine that would be very difficult, Justine adds.  I dont talk to my parents anymore.  They didnt even do anything wrong.  I just could not bring myself to tell them what had happened to me.  In a way Ive grown to hate themand they didnt even do anything wrong.  I just cant face them anymore.
That must be terrible, Emma says as she lets out a sigh.  I dont even know what I would do in your position.  Id imagine though that since they havent done anything wrong youd be able to reconnect with them at some point, right?
I think so, Justine says.  I think Im just angry at myself and that it carries over to them.
You shouldnt be angry at yourself, you didnt do anything wrong.
I know, Justine says as she taps her fingertips against her bare knee once more in a silent rhythm.  But, its hard to un-convince yourself of something youve managed to believe.
I know that all too well, Emma says as she pauses and places her head in her hands.  As she emerges moments later, she decides to lay it out thereCan I tell you something, without you thinking that Im completely bat-shit crazy.
Of course Emma, Justine says as she nods.  Were friends, right?
I would definitely like that, Emma says as she takes in heavy breathe of air and exhales.  That night, when I remembered everythingI was warned that I only had seven days left before the sun would come for me.
Come for you how?
Like, come down to the Earth, and basicallytake me?  Burn me away, I suppose.  When I woke up the next day, there was this clone of myselfshe said that the sun had sent her there to prepare me, that I needed to be whole before its arrival, that I needed to face it, butthere was no way of stopping it.  Ive seen these other versions of myself around different places, theyve led me to the truth about my mother and her affairthey led me to this underground tunnel that kept appearing in my nightmares.
And they  Justine begins, and then pauses.  She rubs the side of her narrow face as though she attempting to come up with some kind of response.  Are they really there?  I mean I believe you.
You believe me?
I went through a rough time as well, Justine says as she nods.  There are things about my recovery that I cant explain.  that day that you came to the shop and you asked if I saw you with someone?
I was talking to a young version of myself on the pier, Emma admits as she feels relieved that Justine does not think she is completely mad.  
So theyre helping you work out your issues and revealing the truth about your past?
Yeshowever, there is also that end of the world in seven daysthree days from now actually.  I would not believe this part of the whole situationbut the weather seems to be kind ofcooperating.
Did you know, perhaps, of the weather beforehand and your mind may have slipped it into this whole equation?
My mother feigned a life of simplicityshe didnt keep a television or anything too modern more than a microwave in the house.  I destroyed all of my stuff, laptop, mp3 player, and most of my stuff in general when I kind of lost itI would have had no way of knowing, Emma says as she thinks back.  She does not recall ever caring enough to check the newspapershe cannot figure out where she could have picked up the information.  I had no way of knowing, that is what scares me.
Justine jumps to her feet and heads towards the window.  She begins to pace back and forth with her fingertips against her chin.  This time of yearthere are usually a hundred people out there on the beach at this time of day.
Emma gets up from her chair and looks to the empty beach.  Not a single soul is in sight.  The sky is a cloudless cerulean blue, the lake is calmif it werent for the oppressive heat, it would be the perfect day to be out.  I keep telling myself its just a coincidence.
Its a hell of a coincidence, Justine says as she looks blankly to the open water.  
As Emmas eyes wander to the pier, she spots a short girl sitting at the edge.  Hope! Emma announces, catching Justine off guard.
What?
Ill be right back, Emma says as she points off to the pier.  One of my...well, one of meis out there.
Ill come, Justine says as he places a hand upon Emmas shoulder.
I should go alone, Emma says as she nods with a short smile.  You cant see her, can you?
I cant  Justine says as she nods once.  Just be carefulIll be watching from up here.  Dont stay out in the heat too long.  Remember, youre still on the mend.
I will, Emma says as she heads out the door and turns to Justine.  Thanks.
As Emma exits the apartment door her feet hit the hot sand.  The searing air fills her lungs and instantly makes her feel dizzy.  She begins a slow jog towards the pier.  By the time she reaches the edge, she is covered in sweat.  As she attempts to fan herself with her hand she begins to realize just how terrible the weather has turned.
Hope Emma exhaustedly says as she reaches the short blonde girl dressed in white.  
The girl continues to sit; she does not even turn her head to face Emma.  Why did you send Elizabeth away?
I didnt, Emma objects as she sits down next to her younger self.  She disappeared.
She left, Hope says as wipes away a tear from her eye.
I did not know that you even knew her, Emma says as she feels guilty.  I didnt mean to, I just let my anger get the better of me.  I want her back.  I miss her.
Of course I knew her, Hope says with an offended tone in her usually soft voice.  Were all connected.  You shouldnt have become like her.
Like who?
You know, Hope says as she looks off into the water.  When you act like hershe gets stronger.
What do I need to do?
You need to be strong, Hope says as she looks up to the bright sun and allows it to dry the tears that stain her cheeks.  You need to realize that you are strong.  If you dontshell only get stronger and well become weak.
Emma begins to feel dizzy from all of the heat.  I have to go now
I know, Hope says as she nods.  You have to try though, or Ill disappear too.
I promise I wont let that happen.
Emma gets to her feet as an overwhelming sickness overcomes her.  She wheels forward and uncontrollably collapses into the deep blue water.  She panics as she has attempts to swim upward and back up to the surface.  It feels as though something is pulling her down.  Perhaps she is too weak.  Just as her vision is starting to fade, a ripple of displaced water is seen above her.  She feels herself being pulled back up and onto the pier.
Emma Justine says as she hoists her up and lifts her completely onto the pier.
Im okay
Justine places Emmas arm around her shoulder and begins to carry her back to the apartment.  We need to get you back inside.

*

Emma awakens on an unfamiliar bed.  She has a cool washcloth upon her head.  Her clothes have been changed to a long white and yellow sundress.  Justine sits by the bed; she smiles as Emma regains consciousness.
You really scared me there, Justine says as she hands Emma a cold bottle of water.  Drink
Im sorry, Emma says as she takes the bottle and drinks half of it and then places it on the nightstand next to her.  
Sorry about the dress, I know its a little obnoxious with the giant yellow hibiscus flowersbut its all I had that would fit you.
Its fine, Emma says as she attempts to get up.  Thank you for coming for meI would have drowned otherwise.
Thats what friends are for, Justine says as she nods and places the back of her hand against Emmas forehead.  Did you at least find anything out?
I think I have an idea, Emma says as she attempts to figure out what she is exactly supposed to do.  Im not sure though.  One of the versions of me isits stronger than the others.  Stronger than I am, I think.  I have to level the field, although I dont know how.
Perhaps we should contact Julie, Justine says as she attempts to come up with a helpful suggestion.  She can help in some way, yeah?
I dont think so, Emma says as she shakes her head.  I dont think shed understand.
Well, how can I help?
I need to get something from my house, Emma says as she begins to formulate an idea.  
Do you feel well enough to drive?  Justine asks as she slips into her sandals.  
I think so, Emma says as she shrugs away the dizzy feelings in her head.  
Where are your keys?  Justine asks.  
Purse, Emma answers as she slowly gets up to her feet.  She is still a little bit dizzybut she knows that she has to do something.  She cannot let Alexis get too powerful.  She does not know, or understand, why it matters.  She just feels that she cannot let Hope down.  She already feels incredibly guilty for her part in the death of Ethans parents.  She does not want to become any more like Alexis.  
Ill start the car and get the air going, Justine says as she pulls Emmas keys from her purse and heads out.  Ill be right back.
Alright, Emma says as she sits back down on the bed for a moment to regain her bearings.  Im strong too  Emma whispers, although she does not feel it.  She does not exactly understand what Hopes wants her to doshe felt strong when she was confronting Brian Metcalfe, but that felt wrong.  That felt strong in the same way that Alexis looked strong when she forced Brian to write his own suicide not and slit his own wrist.
Do you need help?  Justine asks as she returns from the parking lot.  
I can manage, Emma says as she gets to her feet once more.  The dizziness is gone and she feels much more stable.  Thank you again.
I didnt have any other plans, what with the world ending heat 
Lets hope thats justme being crazy.
I just want to help you find what you need to, Justine says as she gestures towards the door.  Lets go find what you need.
Emma and Justine rush through the scorching parking lot and enter the sanctuary of the cool car.  Even with the air conditioning on high the car seems to be struggling to keep it from being too terribly hot.  
Just as Emma is about to put the car into drive, a chime announces itself from her purse.  She quickly digs into the purse and retrieves her cell phone.  A small notification on the bottom says that she has received a text.  It is from Ethan.
Emma.  I am so sorry.  I do not know what to do or what to say to fix this.  If you do not want to hear from me any further I completely understand.  I did.  I do care about you.  I am so confused.  Again, I am so sorry for what my father did.
Do you text?  Emma asks as she hands the phone over to Justine.  
Doesnt everyone?  Justine asks as she reads over the message.
Idont know how?
Sorry, Justine says as she unsuccessfully attempts to hide a small chortle of laughter.  I can text for you.
Emma puts the car into drive and sighs heavily.  What should I say?
This is the son of the guy who tried to kill you?
Yes, Emma says begins to drive away from Justines apartment.  Hes also kind of my boyfriend.
Oh, Justine says in a whisper.  That isdifficult isnt itwell it looks like he doesnt hate you.  This is the guy that you and Julie were talking aboutright?
Yes, Emma says a she attempts to think of some kind of response to Ethans message.  I was so sure he was going to hate me.
You didnt do anything wrong though
I confronted his father, I told him that Id tell Ethan about the affairEmma begins as she takes a turn and heads out of the city.  I was angry. I was pretty cruel.  I set him offhe wouldnt have attacked me or committed suicide if I had been a bit more compassionate.
But Justine says as she looks blankly at the phone.  He was a murderer.
He must feel so alone right now, Emma whispers.
If you still care for him, Justine begins as she touches the screen to keep the phone from going into sleep mode.  He probably needs you.
I do Emma says.  I just feel so guilty.
Im writing that youre sorry for what happened and that you care for him as well, Justine says as he quickly thumbs through the on screen text.  
Ask him if he blames me?
Im sure he doesnt, Justine says as she shakes her head.  Ill add it. Is there anything else you would like me to add to this?
Just that I really like him, Emma says as she feels an overwhelming sadness.  That Im sorry for his lossthat should be all.
Sent, Justine says as she hangs onto the phone.
A few minutes later the phone chimes back.
What does it say?
Can I see you?  Justine reads from the screen.
Ask him to come to the house, Emma says as she nods once.  
Right now?  Justine asks as she types in the message.  
Yeah, Emma says softly.  I think I can do something that will prove that Im not crazy, if that makes any sense.  If I can do itthen I want you both to see it.  Maybe with your help, and Ethans help, I can stop this from happening.  I mean, I hate to drag you into this.
Oh well if it means the end of the world, Justine says as she sends the text message.  You can count me outburning to death sounds like a wonderful idea.
Emma lets out a short burst of laughter.  Im serious.
I know, Justine says as she nods and places Emmas phone back into her purse.  Promise me one thing though
Alright.
If this doesnt work out, and you dont find what you wantor expect, Justine says as she changes her demeanor to one of deadly seriousness. That you will come with me and see Dr. Riley.
I promise, Emma says as she nods once.  I thought you believed me though?
I do, Justine says reassuringly.  We just cant rule out that
Its all in my head.
Ive been there, Justine says.  All in your head can be quite a powerful thing.  When you dont know what is real or notwhat I went through when I was recovering felt real.  I dont really have any validation that it wasso you have to be open to the possibility that this is not what you think it is.
I understand, Emma says.  Of course she doubts whether or not this is realbut after everything she has seen she believes.  That would be the hard part though, wouldnt it?  I mean what seems concrete and completely real to her could be just thatonly real to her.  After all, Justine did not see Hope either time at the pier.  I get where youre coming from.  If nothing works hereIll know.
Thats the only condition I ask, Justine says.  Otherwise count me in with my full support.
I appreciate it, Emma says.  It has been longer than she can remember since she last had a friend.  In a way, all these terrible events have left her feeling more alive than they have in forever.  She only wished that there was no strange end of the world scenario attached to this reawakening.  

*
Where is it?  Emma asks as she searches the kitchen.
What are you looking for?
That necklace you sold to methe one that was a gift for a friend, Emma answers as she finds the kitchen table bare.  Perhaps the police took it along with the note.
Its here, Justine says as she pulls up the yellow glass necklace from beneath the leg of one of the kitchen stools and hands to Emma.
Thank you, Emma says as she holds the shimmering glass piece in the sunlight.  
Is this what we are here for?
This is part of it.
A knock on the door brings a feeling of dread to Emma as she hesitates.  The last time she opened up the door she was attacked.
Are you alright?  Justine asks, noticing the look of dread upon Emmas face.
Yeah, Emma whispers.
Ill answer it, Justine says as she heads for the door. She places her hand on the doorknob.
Emma takes in a heavy breath and attempts to calm her nerves as the door opens.  To her relief, although she does not know why she expected something sinisterBrian was dead, Ethan steps into the doorway.  He looks tired, like he has not slept.  
Hello, Ethan says as he curiously looks upon the new face.
Justine, Justine says as steps aside.  Im a friend of Emmas.
Emma
Ethan, Emma says as she nods.  
Ethan rushes over to Emma, taking her by surprise; he places his arms around her and squeezes her tightly against his chest.  Im so sorry about what happenedI was on my way here after I got your message, but then the hospital called and said that you had attempted suicide, you only had four contacts on your phoneso I rushed home to tell my father and
Im so sorry, Emma whispers.  Although she is happy to see Ethan, she feels awkward in his arms.  Im sorry about your mother
I had no idea, I swear, that my father was capable of doing anything like that, Ethan says as he becomes choked up with emotion.  I cant believe he tried to kill you.  I cant believetheyre both gone.
Its my fault, Emma whispers as she backs away.
Dont say that Emma, Ethan says as he attempts to reach for her, but she continues to back away.
I confronted your father about the affairEmma says as she gets it all off of her chest.  He begged me not to tell you.
Of course he did, he did not want to be shown for the murderer he was.
I was not nice, Emma admits sadly.
You should not have been, Ethan says as he shakes his head.  Why do you blame yourself for this?
Were good at it, Justine adds from the corner, and then coughs as though she is attempting to hide the fact that she said anything at all.
Theres something I need you to see, Emma says as she holds up the glass sun necklace.  The idea to tear down the wallthe letters from your fatherI didnt find these things on my own.  Not even the hidden room with the broken concrete.
Who showed you?
There is something happening that I dont understand, Emma begins as she heads toward the spiral staircase.  There is more than one version of me, theyre differentthey have their own personalities.  They are the ones that told me what to look for, what to do.
Different versions of you?  Ethan asks skeptically.  Are you alright Emma?
Thats what were here to find out, Justine adds as she follows behind Emma as they begin to ascend the staircase.  
Ethan shrugs his large shoulders as he reluctantly follows up the stairs.  
Emma leads Ethan and Justine to her old attic room.  The sun shines in brightly through the window and frames the worn couch in a brilliant beam of sunlight.  She paces around the room for a moment.  Is she crazy for thinking that this is even possible?  She fears that ultimately she will end up just looking foolish and that she will have to take Justine up on that offer to go and make a visit to Dr. Rileyperhaps, that is what she really needs.  The idea that she can do something strange, that she can show Ethan and Justine something she, herself, barely believes, seems absurd to her.  Still, she has to try.  
Emma places the necklace upon the couch.  Its yellow glass sun glows brightly and refracts against the wall painting it yellow in wide sun-shaped swathes.  She then gets to her knees.  She does not know exactly what she is doing, but she begins to concentrate.
What are you doing Emma?  Ethan asks.
Shhh Justine whispers as she jabs the tall man in the ribs.  Just let her do this.
Emma does not know if Justine has said this because she believes Emma, or if she just wants to get this over with because she believes even a negative outcome will somehow be of help.  Emma wonders if this is true.  Hope said that he had powerhowever, she gave no direction.  Emma was doing all this just based on the pure assumption that she could.
Elizabeth, Emma whispers.  I need you back.
Emma watches the glass necklace intently.  A few moments pass and the doubt begins to grow even larger within her.  Elizabethif you can hear me, return to mefollow the sound of my voice.  I am so sorry.  I should have done things your way.  Please forgive me and return.
After a while passes and nothing happens, Ethan lowers himself down and whispers to Emma, Who is Elizabeth?
She is someone who looks just like me, Emma whispers, realizing how crazy that statement sounds.  She is the one that helped me to become better.
Where did she go?  Ethan kindly asks as he places his and on Emmas back.
She disappeared, the day that your father
She just disappeared?  Ethan asks.
I know that you probably dont believe that she was real, Emma says as she lets out a frustrated sigh and places her hand upon the sun-faded sofa.  I am not crazyshe was hereI mean I may be crazy, but there is no way that I could have known the things that she did.
Youre not crazy Emma, Ethan says as he rubs her back gently.  I think that with all thats happened, neither of us is going to be the sameI swear I saw my mother last night as I was driving.  When I looked again it was an old guy in a wheelchair.  The mindit can play a lot of cruel tricks on youespecially when youre hurt.
We dont have to go and see Dr. Riley, Justine concedes as she rests against the wall and folds her arms.  I did believe that something was going to happenif it makes you feel any better.
Thank youboth of you, Emma says softly as she runs her hand against the warm surface of the couch.  She runs her hand against the smooth glass of the sun charm and thinks of picking it up and giving up.  However, a thought comes to mind.  Emma remembers nearly falling from the stairs and Elizabeth saying stopthat was enough to keep her suspending in the air.  When Alexis confronted Brian and forced him she used single word commands.  Could it really be that simple?  Could she have the same power?  Emma closes her eyes and places her hand out in front of her.
Return  Emma commands.
As Emma opens her eyes she sees the familiar girl dressed in white.  She begins to cough loudly and shake as though she has just come in from a frigid winter day.
Ethan falls back and lands upon his rear as he quickly backs away in shock.  What the fuck am I seeing?
Its real?  Justine asks from her place in the corner of the room.  Her voice does not carry the same sense of shock as Ethansmerely more of a sense of amazement.
I did it, Emma whispers as she places her hand into Elizabeths.
Where was I?  Elizabeth asks.
It doesnt matter, Emma says as she helps Elizabeth into the direct beam of sunlight overhead.  Youre back now.  I wont let you disappear permanently, I promise.  Im so sorry for being so angry.  I had no idea it would hurt you.
You brought me back?
I had to, Emma says as she smiles happily.
How did you do it?  Elizabeth says as she shakes her head.  How much time is left?
Three daysand I just commanded that you return, and you did.
Am I crazy?  Ethan asks as he watches the two girls that could be twins talk about things that he does not understand at all.
In this room, Justine adds with a little laugh as though she is more amused than troubled by this turn of events.  Were probably all crazybut if youre asking if this is really happening, it is.
Im going to Ethan begins as he places around the room with one of his hands rubbing against the side of his head.  I need to step out of the roomIll just be right outside the door.  I think I may pass out, or wake up.  Who knows at this point?
Ill step out with you, Justine says, I have a feeling that these two have a bit to discuss.
Emma places her arms around Elizabeth and embraces her tightly.  I will never let my anger get the better of me again.
I know what Alexis has done, Elizabeth says as her eyes lower down to the ground and a single tear escapes from one of her sparkling blue eyes.  Shes gotten more powerful.  I didnt understand why you blacked out that daybut I think I do now.  Shes trying to become more dominate than the rest of us.
Did I disappear?  
No, but you went very cold, Elizabeth answers as she lets out a heavy sigh.  The more powerful she is allowed to bethe more likely it is that well disappear--that even you will disappear with the sunset.
How do I stop her?  Emma asks.  The thought that their roles could be reversed terrifies her.  
Remain stronger than she is, Elizabeth says as she looks into Emmas eyes.  You have powerbut it doesnt mean you should use it to hurt her.  Find out what she needs.  
Isnt she our enemy?
Well never be able to stop her from taking over if we consider her to be.
But after what she did to Ethans parents  Emma whispers.  She does not want Ethan to overhear that one of her clones had murdered his parents.  In his already troubled state it would probably drive him over the edge.
You have to forgive her.
I cant forgive her for hurting Ethan like thator the mother, even if Brian Metcalfe was a murderer, his family did not deserve to suffer, Emma whispers as she narrows her eyes into slits as the thought fills her with anger. 
Its this idea that we need to hurt each other in order to get even, to get revenge, that will cause this to not end well.  You could probably destroy her if you wish.  You probably have that kind of powerwill it bring back Ethans mother though?  Will it make his suffering less?  When you went into that office and showed no compassion towards Brian, how long did it make you feel better about yourself?
Not very long, Emma says as she begins to realize that her hatred towards Alexis might be just as well suited for herself.
You have to forgive yourself as well
I dont know how, Emma says as she shakes her head and buries her face against the side of the warm couch.  I dont think Ive ever been able to.
Before the end comes, Elizabeth whispers as she places her hand upon Emmas head and gently runs it through her hair.  You will have to learn to.
What does it all matter though?  Emma says as she keeps her head against the warm cushioning of the couch.  Well all disappear soon.  Why do we have to spend these last days sorting things outis this just some kind of game?  I mean does it matter who has the power when the sun comes to take meto take us all?
Everything has to end, Elizabeth says as she continues to stroke Emmas head.  Its what we do with the last of our time that matters.  You can choose to do nothing, but know thisAlexis is hurting.  Probably more than any of us
Will it change anything though?  My friendsits unfair that they have to die.
Would you sacrifice yourself to save them?
I would
Heal us, Elizabeth whispers as she draws close to Emma.  Help Alexisthe smallest change can alter the course of the future.  I appeared here, hating you and expecting you to hate me as wellbut I had to care for youit was my job.  You changed my opinion about you by becoming myfriend.  You rescued me from that empty darknessthat void of nonexistence and brought me back.  You didnt have to do that.
I did, Emma whispers.  I promised you that I needed you.  I had to keep that promise.
Then I would ask you to truly cast aside your anger and promise me that you will help Alexisshe needs you.  She may try and cast you away.  She may even try and harm you, but although she does not know it, she desperately needs you.
Ill do it for you, Emma says as she slowly raises her head.
Do it for you, Elizabeth says as she smiles.
Youre stronger, Emma says as she notices the change in Elizabeths personality.  You are more confident now.
Anything I am, Elizabeth whispers as she kisses Emma on her cheek.  It is by your grace that I have strength.
Justine pops her head into the room.  I hate to be a bother, but there is something really strange noises coming from downstairs.
Were finished, Elizabeth says as she nods.  
Where can I find Alexis?  
Shes very angryshes going through the same realizations as you are.  I would imagine that you should look where your anger would lead you
Come with me?
This house is my place, Elizabeth says as she looks out the window.  Dont worry about me, Alexis cant hurt menot as long as I remain in this room.
If I pinch one of you, Justine chimes in as she looks at the unusual pair.  Do you both feel it?
Doesnt work like that, Elizabeth says as she shakes her head and widens her eyes as though she is confused by Justines curiosity.  Youre taking this extremely well.
Ive seen stranger, Justine says as she nods.  We wont get into that though.
Be back here on the sixth day, Justine says as she smiles at Emma and places her hand around the glass sun charm.  Bring the others, if you can.
I will, take care.
You too
Emma looks back once and shuts the door to the attic room behind her as she leaves.  
Does this really mean we only have a few days left before the earth is destroyed?  Justine asks as she follows Emma down the stairs.  
Waitwhat?  Ethan adds.
I dont know, Emma responds as she follows the strange grinding noise coming from the bottom of the stairs.  
What the hell is that sound?  Ethan adds.  End of the world?
Its a lot to explain, Emma says as she continues her descent.  Ill fill you in later.
As the three reach the bottom of the stairs, the floor begins to tremble beneath their feet.  To Emma it is like one of her nightmares.  She begins to head for the door; cracks in the wooden floor beneath her appear and spread out like branches of a winter tree.  Ethan trips and stumbles to the ground.
What the fuck is going on here?  Ethan says as he gets back up to his feet and turns to look at the destruction behind him.
The floor is breaking away, Emma says as the group huddles in the hallway by the front door.  The red walls around her begin to crack, pictures of Emma and her mother come crashing down to the ground.  The old phone falls to the floor and breaks into pieces.  
Is this an earthquake?  Justine asks.  
Im going to wake up at some point here right?  Ethan adds.
The rumbling stops and the floor groans one last time as all the pieces have fallen into place.  A makeshift, meandering, staircase made of platforms of broken wood lead down into the basement.  
That is strangely convenient, Justine says as she marvels at the way that each platform is perfectly spread out.  Instant basement access?
A knock on the door catches Emmas attention as she turns away from the strange sight and places her hand upon the door.  She begins to wonder if perhaps it is the police, coming to do some investigation in the houseshe wonders how she will explain what exactly just happened here.  As the second rapping comes at the door, Emma opens it up.
And now theres a little version of you, Justine says as plainly as though she had half expected it.
Hope Emma says as she kneels down and places her arms around the small girl.
Its not time to go down Hope says softly as she places her arms around Emma.  Not yet.
Okay, Emma says as she follows the girl outside.  Justine and Ethan follow closely behind, each dividing their attention on the strange sights both in and out of the house.
Thank you for bringing Elizabeth back, Hope says as she places her hand in Emmas.
I promised I would do it.
I knew that you were nice, Hope says as she leads the group away from the house.  
Is there anything that I can do for you?  Emma asks.
Hope gestures for Emma to come close.  Emma kneels down and allows Hope to whisper something into her ear.
Is that all?
Thats all
Im pretty sure we can do that, Emma says as she smiles and nods.
Emma leads Hope to the back of her car and helps her in.  
You want to follow us? Emma asks as she turns to Ethan who is standing near his truck in a semi-state of shock.
Whatyeah?  Ethan says as he rubs his forehead and climbs into the truck.
Justine climbs into the passenger side as Emma pulls her seatbelt over her chest.  Justine looks to Emma, and then looks over the seat behind her to the small girl seated in the back.  So its like Im sitting beside you, and in front of you.
Are you alright?  Emma asks as she attempts to stifle an uncomfortable fit of laughter.
Im intrigued, Justine says as she looks back to the girl once more.  Is this the one that you see at the pier near my apartment?
I have a name, Hope objects.
Sorry  Justine says as she reaches a hand over the seat.  Im Justine; its nice to finally meet you.
Im Hope, the little girl says as she takes Justines hand and shakes it meekly.
So you are an artist?
That is very astute of you, Justine says as she nods.  That I am.
What does that mean?
Which part?  Justine asks.
Astute?
I dont really remember at this moment because my mind is allfartingit sounds nice though doesnt it?  Justine adds as she shrugs her shoulders.

*

Back at Justines apartment, Justine brings out a small easel and a handful of paint and spreads it across a newspaper covered floor.  
Now brush choice is important, Justine says as she holds out a few different sizes brushes for Hope to pick through.  You dont have to choose just one, but for what you want to paintyou should choose a few that would fit.
So  Ethan says as he nods his head.  So thatsthat.
Im afraid so, Emma says as she bites her bottom lip.  Im going to stop iteveryone tells me that I cant.  I believe that I can though.
So after tonight, Ethan says as he lets out an exhaustive sigh.  This day has definitely taken its toll upon his already distressed mind.  Only two days?
Thats what they say, Emma says with a nod.
Im staying in a hotel, Ethan adds as he places his hand into Emmas.  Would you like to come and stay with me?
Emma looks over to Hope and Justine as they both paint, seated on the floor and laughing.  She thinks about taking up Ethan on his offerspending a night with him.  However, something holds her back.  Although she still cares deeply for Ethan, it no longer feels quite right.  II really cant.  I have to fix things.
Things are different now, Ethan says as he looks saddened.  Things are strange now between us, arent they?
I dont know  Emma says as she looks away.  She feels too many different emotions to pinpoint it to one single onetheres so much guilt, fear, and confusion.  The uncertainty of everything makes her feel hopeless.  Right now they are.
I understand, Ethan says dejectedly.  Can I see you again?
Today is Saturday isnt it?
It is.
Im going back to the house on Mondaythe day beforewell, you know.  I know that youve been through a lot, but I would really like you to be there in the end.  I mean, if you can.  If you dont show up, Ill understand completely.
Ill try, Ethan says as he embraces Emma.  Im sorry that things had to turn out this way.
So am I I really am.
Ill try and be there, Ethan says as he places his hand upon the door.  I dont know if I can watch you dieI dont know if I can stand to see the last person I care about leave.  I suppose Ill be dying as well, butregardless.  I dont know how it will end, I rather face it alone.
I can respect that, Emma says calmly, her voice shakes a little as though she is attempting to hold back a deluge of tears that threaten to break her down.  If I dont see you, then I am happy we met.  Regardless of what happens
Same here, Ethan says as he coldly opens up the door and shuts it behind him.
Emma begins to weep softly as she places her hand upon the door.  Justine notices Emmas state and gets up from the floor.
You just work on that tree for a moment that is an awesome tree.
Thank you, Emma says as Justine approaches her and places her arms around her.  
You could have gone with him, Justine says as she squeezes Emma tightly.  I would have been fine watching the little youits kind of like Im babysitting you.
Emma attempts to hide a laugh but fails due to the absurdity of the statement.  As she wipes away tears from her eyes she replies, I cant I just cant see myself with him anymore.  With everything that has happened, I just do not feel like I belong with him.
Arent you supposed to be forgiving yourself?
I am  Emma says as she looks at Justine curiously.
Well I was closer to the doorJustine says as she realizes she has been caught.  I couldnt help but overhear a few things.sorry.
It is fine, Emma says as she lets out a small laugh once more.  Thank you for letting Hope paint, and hang out here
Its all she wanted?
Yeah, Emma says as she looks to the content little girl painting on the floorlittle stains of color have covered parts of her white dress.  I guess she just didnt want to be alone.
I feel like we should get her some pizza and ice cream at least, Justine says as she looks sadly at the girl.  Maybe a pony
She doesnt eat  Emma adds.  They dont eat.
Well nobody would eat a pony, Justine adds with a grin on her fox-like face.  Thats just terrible.
How can you joke withall this negativity?  Emma asks as she smiles.  I mean, I appreciate itbut, arent you afraid?
Of course Im afraid, Justine says as she watches Hope play.  I just choose to believe in a different endingif Im wrong then Im wrong.  If Im right then there was no sense in worrying to begin with.
Thats a great way to look at it, Emma says as she shrugs her shoulders.  Wish I could be that way.
Im coming by the way
What do you mean?
On Monday, Justine adds as her tone turns serious.  Ill be by your side.
Are you sure you want too?  Emma asks.  I have no idea what will happen that day.  It might be better if
If I just waited it out here and died?  That doesnt sound fun.  I mean, mysterious staircase to the basementclones of yourself all together.  Im coming if you want me to or not.
I appreciate it, Emma says as she playfully slaps Justines shoulder.  Besides, the more crazy we havemaybe the better things will turn out.
Oh I will bring my fair share of crazy.  Justine says as she laughs.  Count on that

*

Shes out like a light, Justine says as she gestures to Hope who is fast asleep upon the seafoam and wood couch.  She shows a lot of potential as an artist.  I guessyou show a lot of potential as an artist.
Emma looks to the window and sees that last light of the sun is fading away into darkness.  Its good that shes asleep
What do you mean?  Justine asks as she places two dishes into the sink and begins to wash them.  
Emma forgets that she has not informed Justine of what happens to her clones when nightfall hitsthe terrible transformation that they make into burning ash, the pain that the endure, and the horrible way it leaves her feeling.  You should just look away
Despite Emmas warning, Justine turns just in time to see Hope turn into a twisting pile of burning ash.  As glowing embers float through the air, she drops a plate into the sink, shattering it.  What happened to her?
I dont know, Emma says as she refuses to watch the terrible sight she has seen too many times before.  They dont know where they gobut it scares them.  They come back in the morning.
Youre right, I should have looked away, Justine says as she stands glued to the spot and watches the final ember disappear into thin air.
I should have warned you earlier, Emma sighs.
Its been a hell of a day, Justine says as she lets out a short yawn.  She then heads to the living room and picks up a painting off the floor.  She brings it into the kitchen and tapes it to the fridge.  Is it strange that I feel like a proud parent?
That is a nice tree
I like that she went with a winter landscape.  Leaves are a pain in the ass to paint.  Although when I asked what all these green dots were, she said fireflies.
Emma laughs as she looks at the painting.  I was a strange kid.
Justine heads into her bedroom and switches on the TV, the local news is on.  
When it gets dark, I dont like the quiet so muchnot that youre too quiet.  I just like background noise, Justine says as she sits on the couch and rests her head against the cushioning and lets out a heavy sigh.  She kicks off her sandals and rubs her bare feet with her hands.  I hate shoesdid I mention that?
I dont believe so.
From the sound of the television Emma can make out the news reporting stating that the excessive heat has already caused sixteen deaths across the cityand that they advise that everyone stay indoors until the oppressive heat wave finally comes to an end.  Emma looks out the window at the blackness beyond.  She cant help but feel responsible.
Maybe a different channel, Justine says as she swiftly gets to her feet and changes the channel to a talk show.  So what is our next movewhat are we doing tomorrow?
I have to find Alexisone of my clonesis that what I should even call them?  I dont even know.
Sounds kind of accurate, Justine says as she sits back down on the couch.  I mean they look like you, they kind of talk like you.  Do they act like you?
Not really, Emma says as she reflects back on each personality.  Elizabeth is the more innocent, kinder onethe meek one.  Hope is the typical child, or at least, how she remembers herself as a child. Alexisshe is a whole other creature unto herself.  A vengeful version of Emma, one who plots and planshas somewhat of a dark streak.  Theyre all different, not all in good ways either.
I would guess that a clone would be just like you, Justine says as she shrugs.  If I had other versions of me running around, I wouldnt know what to call themanyway, where should we look for this one?  Back to the house?
I think I have to go alone, Emma says.  Alexis can beviolent.
All the reason why you shouldnt go alone, Justine protests.
I can defend myself against her though, Emma says.  You saw how I got Elizabeth backI can do things, I think I havent really given it a try, but I have some kind of power.
Ive got a metal baseball bat I keep by the door Justine adds as she points to an umbrella holder in the corner.
I think if I go alone, she wont feel as threatened.
Well, keep in touch with me by phone, Justine concedes as she nods.  If anything at all goes wrong, call me right away.  Do you know where you are headed?
Theres a cemetery past my house on Old Pine Hollow Road, I have a feeling Ill find her there tomorrow.  Ill call you and let you know for sure once I get there, Emma says as she begins to realize that there isnt much left for Alexis to doif shes basing her actions now on anger then there is only one person to really be angry at, their mother.
Ive been there, Justine adds.  Back when I was like nineteen we used to go drinking out there, cops never busted up parties out there.
My mother is buried there.
Im sorry Justine says as she gets a look upon her face as though she just stepped in dog shit.  We were never disrespectful.
It is fine, Emma says as she laughs.  Believe me; I have no great love for my mother at this time.
So you think shes angry and going to be there? Justine asks, as she thinks on the topic.  Doing what?
I have no idea, Emma replies as she folds her arms around her.  When your whole purpose is anger and revenge and you have no one left to take it out onwhat are you left with?
I suppose she could like, pee on the grave?  Justine adds.  Or do they not pee, since they dont eat or drinkI guess peeing would be unnecessary.
I have no clue, Emma says as she flashes a strange look to Emma.  I just have a feelingand I picked up the feeling from Elizabeth that I should be looking there.  So, since I have nothing better to go off of
Cemetery it is, Justine says as she stretches her arms out and lets out another long yawn.  Well, just remember to keep in contact with meconstantly.  I dont want you passing out where I cant be of any help.
Alright, I will.
Well Im headed to bed, Justine adds.  Is there anything you need from me?
I should be okay, Emma says as she smiles.  Goodnight Justine.
Goodnight Em, Justine adds as she heads into her room.  Do you mind if I call you Em?
I dont see why I would mind.
Good, Justine says as she begins to shut the door.  I like it.
Emma shakes her head.  Although Justine is a rather unusual character, she is very appreciative of her company.  After all Justine has been through, Emma is surprised with how well and calmly she handles all these odd situations that are suddenly thrown into her life.  She just hopes that her presence in Justines life does not ultimately cause her pain.  
Emma gets up from the chair and heads to her makeshift bed in the studio room.  She plops down on the air mattress and begins to stare up at the ceiling.  The ceiling has that strange oatmeal texture that Emma has never quite understood the purpose for its existence.  It only takes her a few minutes until she spots a few locations look vaguely like a sailing boat, rabbit eating a carrot (or penis), and a woman eating her own arms.  The last of which kind of terrifies her a bit, so she avoids that spot.  Her thoughts drift to Ethan as her eyes grow heavy.  Was she wrong to turn him away?  In her heart, things just didnt feel right.  She hoped that if everything turned out okay that it would pass.  At least he was still a friend, at leastshe hoped he still was.

Day 5
Chapter 6: Pain

Emma finds herself in front of the broken opening to the dark hallway.  Although she knows that something terrible is going to happenshe is thankful that she is not seeing Alexiss actions while she was out.  Emma beings to walk down the hallway, just as she has done so many times before, she knows the routine.  It is already hot, her bare feet burn in agony against the searing concrete.  She quickens her pace to keep her feet off the floor as much as possible.  The familiar grumble of rusty gears and tearing comes from behind hermaking sure that she will not turn back from her course.  As if she needed more motivation, the hands appear and attempt to grab a hold of her.  Then the screaming comes, the maddening, ugly screaming.  
As Emma reaches the stairs up to the greenhouse the rumbling noise subsides.  Alright, youve led me here  Emma says as she begins to ascend the staircase.  Youre always in charge.
As she reaches the top her eye adjust to the bright light above her.  The greenhouse is in perfect conditionjust like it was when she and Hope saw it.  The only difference is that the bed has been pulled and turned on its side.  In is spot, a giant hole in the concrete has been jack-hammered away revealing the soft earth beneath it.  A shovel sits in a shallow grave.  
Emma quickly hides as she hears a noise from the bottom of the stairs.  She spots the head of both her mother and Brian Metcalfe, as they ascend the stairs backwards Emma sees that they are dragging a body.  
You knew  Emma whispers, this sight confirms her suspicions.  
A silver knife protrudes from the body of her stepfather.  
The concrete is ready, Brian Metcalfe says as they lower his body into the shallow grave.  I just have to wheelbarrow it in.
This is never going to workSarah Langford says as she shakes her head and begins to cry.  Theyre going to figure out what happened.
Stay calm, Brian says as he places his hands around hers.  We will wait a few days and send his boat out early in the morningyoull report him missing that evening when he does not return.  A lot of people disappear on the lake.
The knife  Sarah says as she points to the elaborate silver knife that shines brightly in the sunlight.  We cant just leave it.
We should bury him with it, Brian says as he begins to head out.
Take it out, Sarah objects.
We really should leave it
Please, just take it out and put it back where it wasjust wipe it down.  Sarah says as she is on the verge of tears once more.  I just cant live with the idea of it inside of himits too cruel.
Alright, Brian says as he reluctantly reaches down and grabs a hold of the blade.  He looks away and pulls the knife from the mans stomach.  He holds it away from him and begins to cough and gag at the sight of the blood.
Emma creeps out from her spot.  Mom
When no reply is returned, Emma realizes that just like beforeshe cannot be seen or heard.  Was it you?
Brian returns with a wheelbarrow and begins to shovel it into the grave on the greenhouse floor.  The mans face looks up to the sun blankly.  His mouth is agape, and his eyes unblinkingly look directly into the sunlight. Im sorry  Brian whispers.
Emma watches as a shovel full of concrete covers the mans face.  
Emma can watch no further.  She knows that she is meant to.  However, she is tired of playing by these rules.  She begins to walk down the stairs as the low strange grumble begins to echo through the hallway.  Her feet burn, she pushes her way through burnt hands as she attempts to make her way back to the entrance.  
Who did it!?  Emma shouts as she ignores the burning of her skin and continues to endure like a salmon swimming upstream.  Was it my mother?  What do you want from me?
The melanic arms continue to reach out from the soot black walls.  Emma begins to push back, kicking her way past limb after limb as screams echo in response to her every action.  Her feet are aching, her movement is slowbut she continues onward.  You want meyoure coming for me.  At least show yourself.  Take me!  Why wait?
Im fucking tired of this!  Emma shouts down the hallway.  Stop!
In response to her command the arms retreat.  The floor beneath her feet stops burning and like water, it recedes into cracks along the surface of the old hallway floor.  The grinding noise quiets until silence is all that remains.  A brilliant light can be seen at the end of the hallway.  Emma continues onward.  Her resolve is as strong as steel.
As Emma reaches the blinding ball of shimmering light, she reaches her hands into the ethereal glimmer.  The light is not hot, nor coldshe pauses as she watches in fascination as the light glimmers across her hand and travels up her arm, disappearing beneath her skin.  Her long wheat blonde hair begins to stand up as strands reach to the air; a metallic hum reverberates through the air as takes a deep breath of air in and steps into the light.  As she enters the sanctum of light, she comes face to face with a strange figure.  Like a statue, a version of Emma stands in place.  She wears a golden mask that covers the top half of her face; the mask is covered in amber colored stones and spikes stray from the semi-circular form.  Lines of glowing silver paint spread out like flames against the black eyeliner of the masks eye holes.  The girl has a strange grin on her face.  Apart from the strange mask, she is complete nude.
Speak.  Emma commands the same way that one would to an obedient dog.  
The girl remains motionless, her eyes looking ever forward and her expression unchanging.
MoveReturn  Emma says in an attempt to get the strange version of her to re-animate.  Dosomething.
Emma grows frustrated that she has no power to make this apparition come alive.  She reaches for the mask and slowly begins to pull it away from the girls face.  Another mask, one made of silver with elaborate roses and black line work is revealed.  Emma tosses the sun mask to the ground and places her hands on the silver maskshe pulls away, revealing a smaller black mask with tears of blood that have been painted beneath the eyes.
Who are you?  Emma asks as she allows the silver mask to fall to the floor.
Emma reaches out to place her hands upon the black mask but recoils as her fingertips come in contact with ither hands begin to burn out in pain.  Her skin turns from tan to a terrible sickly red.  Emma looks to her hands in horror as they begin to blacken.  She lets out a scream of pain as the blackness travels up her arms.  Emma falls to the floor as the burning sensation reaches her body.  Like a poison it courses throughout her body, destroying her flesh and turning into ash.  Her mind is set ablaze as she loses her form completely.  The girl watches blankly, the same strange grin rests upon her face as Emma loses consciousness.
Emma awakens to the sound of laughter.  She stares up for a moment at the oatmeal ceiling.  For a moment her mind forms the image of a mask in a cluster against the far corner of the wall.  What does it mean?  Who was that other version of herthe one that was chasing her in her nightmares?  Perhaps it was an even stronger versionstronger than all the ones she knows, including herself, combined.  Could this girl have been the one that everyone refers to as the sun?  It would make more sense, as the sun does not seem to be growing any closerthe news reported that there was a severe heat-wave and drought, not that the sun was on a collision course with the Earth, or course that bit of news would probably cause widespread panic.  
Emma gets out of bed as her bones creak, she still feels tiredshe feels old beyond her age.  Emma climbs into the white dress with the yellow hibiscus flowers upon them and looks into the small mirror next to the dresser in the studio.  She attempts to fix her hair with her handsshe is need of a shower, however, today she does not feel that there will be enough time.  After all, today she has to find Alexis.  Emma enters Justines living room to find her and Hope spending time on the floor, painting and laughing.
Youre up, Justine says as she sets her brush down into a plastic cup full of water. I tried to wake you up earlier, but you were either really tired or really into a dream you were having.
What time is it?  Emma asks as she rubs her still tired eyes.
A little after one, Justine says as she nods.  Its okay thoughyou probably needed the rest.  Besides, Ive had Hope here to keep me company.
I need to get out to the cemetery, Emma says as she picks up her purse from a nearby table.  
I made some grilled cheese sandwiches, Justine says as she heads to the kitchen.  You should have something to eat before you.
Ill be fine, Emma says as she begins to head out.  Thank you.
Remember, Justine adds.  Keep in contact.
Ill call right when I see her, Emma says as she nods.
One more thing, Justine says as she catches Emma before she opens the door.
Hmm?
I saw the news this morningI was up pretty earlyanyway, they say that it is going to storm on Tuesday.  They say a cold front will be coming in and temperatures will reach back down into like the seventies.  Pretty crazyconsidering, Justine says as she smiles hopefully.  I mean theyre always wrong with the weatherbut, maybe they arent?
Lets hope so, Emma says as she returns the smile and heads out the door.
The afternoon heat is unbearable as Emma climbs into her Impala and patiently waits for the air conditioning to cool the vehicle down to a temperature bearable enough so that she can stand to place her hands upon the scorching steering wheel.  It reminds her of placing her hands upon the black mask that girl was wearing, an altogether unpleasant feelingalthough touching the steering wheel does not cause her to burn to death, thankfully.
Emma begins to head out of the city, which appears almost like a ghost town.  She passes about two cars on her way out.  As she passes her house, she decides to head into see if anything has changed.  As she climbs up the staircase and enters the red hall, she is confronted with the platforms that lead down into the basement.  She precariously navigates her way around the edge and begins to ascend the spiral staircase.  Emma reaches the top of the staircase and stands before the shut door to her attic room.
Elizabeth, Emma says as she knocks upon the door with her knuckles.  Its Emma.
Im sorry, Elizabeth whispers beyond the door.  Im not feeling very well.
Can I come in?
Id rather you notIll see you tomorrow.
Something strange happened in the basementwell, I mean the living room and kitchen are now sort ofin the basement.
Thats the path, Elizabeth says softly.
What path?
The path of the sun, Elizabeth says as she lets out a short cough.  Im very weak; I need to sleep for tomorrow.
Can I do anything to help you?
NoIll be fine tomorrow, Elizabeth says.
Emma nods to herself and begins to walk away; she hurries down the staircase and stops just as she reaches the bottom.  She spots her laptop on one of the platforms and climbs down the mess of broken wood and floor and retrieves it.  To her surprise, it is still powered on.  A word document is open on her screena short letter has been typed out addressed to her.

Emma,
How many masks do we wear to hide who we truly are?  When confronted with the truth, would we even recognize ourselves?  If you knew you who you really were, would you choose the right path?
SOL

As Emma finishes reading the letter, the screen on the laptop turns blank.  Was this left for her in response to her actions during her nightmare?  Emma felt that she had a pretty good grasp on who she was at the momentafter all, she had discovered quite a few things.  She learned about her pastthe truth about her mother, her stepfather, and the role that Brian Metcalfe played in it.  Despite learning about her rather terrible past she felt that she had a pretty good grip on her sense of self.  Of course, there were still things she did not remember fullyher life before she became Alexis was still hazy.  Even her own interests and talents were a mystery to Emma.  The more she thought about it, the more distressed she felt.  She did not know what kind of music she liked, or what her favorite movie or book was.  Then more Emma reflected upon it, the more she realizedshe does not know who she is now.  She knows her past, but her present self is very much a mystery.  Emma does not like thinking about this.  
SOL Emma says as she places the laptop back onto the floor and climbs back up to ground level.  Emma remembers Elizabeths explanation, Latin for sun.  However, there is a second one, SOL were also her mothers initialsthat was why it was etched on the silver blade used to kill her stepfather.  The idea that the message was left by either terrifies her more than the fact that she does not truly know herself.
Emma cautiously steps her way to the door and looks down to a picture of Emma and her mother as she reaches the red hallway.  I didnt really know you either  Emma whispers.  She remembers back to a time when she thought all these pictures were of her sister and her mother.  At least, not the real youdid I?
Emma returns to her car.  She begins to drive down Old Pine Hallow Road; she follows it until it curves into a thick forest of tall white oak trees.  The sun shimmers through the makeshift ceiling of emerald leaves as creates a strobe like effect on the window of the car as Emma continues down the magnificent tunnel of trees.  For a moment, Emma thinks back to that painting in Dr. Rileys office.  This place looks similar.  It is strange that Emma has never made the connection before.  Emma pulls off onto a rock road and passes a pair of weather worn steel gates as she enters the old cemetery.  She continues along the rough road that causes her car to rock and buffet against its uneven surface until she reaches the small clearing.  A police car is parked off to the side with its door left ajar.  Emma pulls behind the abandoned vehicle and climbs out.  She reaches for her phone and clicks on Justines number.  After a few rings, she answers.
Emma?
Im here, Emma replies.  
And Alexis?
She is definitely here, Emma says as she spots the girl a short distance away.
Keep me posted, Justine says with a concerned tone.  If you dont call me in an hour Ill send the police out.
Itll be an interesting storyEmma says as she lets out a short laugh.  But I do appreciate your concern.  Ill be in touch soon.
Take care, Justine says as she disconnects.
Emma approaches Alexis who is resting next to her mothers grave.  She is resting against the side of the stone, which looks to be quite damaged.  A sledge hammer rests in Alexiss lap.
Alexis, Emma announces as she stops in front of the grave.  Part of the S in Sarah is missing and broken fragments of the grave marker scatter the brown dead grass around it.  
Not as easy as I thought it would be, Alexis says as she turns to face Emma and shields her eyes from the bright sun.  Would you like to give it a swing?
Im good, Emma says as she nods.  What are we hoping for here?
Erasing her fromhistory?  Alexis says as she shrugs her shoulders.
In two days, Emma adds.  Its all going to be gone anyway right?
Well it makes me feel better, Alexis says with a tone of annoyance in her voice.  What are you doing out here anyway?  I thought you hated me.
I dont hate you, Emma says, although she knows that this is mostly not true.  Is that your car by the way?
Yeah, Emma says with a single nod and a smile.  They left it sitting around at the houseyou should have seen their faces as it just drove off.  They couldnt see me.
I could only imagine, Emma says as she sits down and places her hand against the etched stone name of her mother.  
Alexis gets back to her feet and lets out a heavy sigh and raises the sledge hammer high above her head.
Stop  Emma commands.  
Alexis freezes just as she is about to bring the hammer down, her eyes are narrowed and her face is clenched and muscles in her arms are visible as her hands are embraced upon the handle and ready for impact.  
Its not worth it, Emma whispers into Alexiss ear.  
Alexis breaks free of the command and drops the hammer as a shocked look washes over her once determined face.  You cant do that
Im not here to fight you, Emma says as she takes a few steps away.
Fuck off!  Alexis shouts as Emma is physically lifted into the air and thrown all the way back towards the vehicles.  
Emma painfully attempts to gets up from the ground, she finds little success in the endeavor.  Her head is a mere inches away from having impacted against the police car.  Emma attempts to desperately get up as Alexis quickly closes the distance between themshe is armed with the sledge hammer.
You ungrateful little shit!  Alexis shouts as she brings the sledge hammer high above her head.  Do you know what I have done for you all these years?  Do you know what I have done for you in the past?  
Stop!  Emma shouts as she raises her hands.
Not this time, Alexis says as she is unhindered by Emmas words.  Answer me!
Im sorry  Emma says as she attempts to shield her body from the blow with her arms.  I dont rememberI want to remember Im so sorry Alexis.
Fuck!  Alexis shouts as she brings down the sledge hammer with her full force.  
Emma winces as she waits for the strike.  She can feel the breeze kicked up by the mighty swing on its collision course.  Emmas heart jumps as she hears the crashing and crushing of metal.  Her heart pounding like a frantic drum and her breathing so heavy that she feels as though she is about to hyperventilate, Emma looks up and sees the sledge hammer smashed into the hood of the cop car.
Do you really not remember?  Alexis asks as her tone is now more calm and controlled.  Not at all?
Im sorry  Emma says as she is still unsure as to whether Alexis is going to hurt her or not.  She toys with the idea of fighting backbut she comes to the conclusion that it will only make thing worse.  I know that you took over after I tried to kill myself.  I know that after Aaron Chase was killedyou continued life after I gave up.
Did you know it was not the first time?  Alexis says as she reaches a hand down.
I had no idea, Emma says as she hesitantly takes the hand and is quickly hoisted back up to her feet.  I know I had problems in the pastafter our stepfather left, but I didnt know that you existed before that day I tried to kill myself
You dontremember?
I honestly dont, Emma says as she looks to her arm which is covered in blood from her striking the ground.  Pleasetell me.
Ive been your shield, Alexis says as she lets out a heavy sigh and collapses her body against the car.  Im your angerbut Ive been your shield for things that you could not deal with.
What could I not deal with in the past?
I can show you, Alexis says as she gestures to Emmas car.  
Okay, Emma says as she follows Alexis to the white Impala.  
Alexis climbs into the drivers seat and turns the car on, she turns the air conditioning on full.  Emma attempts to enter the passengers side seat, but Alexis shakes her head and points to the back.  
Emma does as she is instructed.  
Do you trust me?
I do, Emma replies, although she is slightly hesitant.  After all, Alexis does seem rather unstable.  
Im going to put you to sleep, Alexis says as she nods and places a hand to Emmas forehead.
One moment, Emma says as she pulls out her cell.  She dials Justine, who quickly answers.
Im fine, Emma says as she looks to Alexis and looks away as though she feels uncomfortable making eye contact with her clone.  Ill be home as soon as I canjust have a few things to figure out.  I just wanted to let you know that Im okay. Were both okay.
Was thatthat weird girl you made friends with?  Alexis asks as she places her hand back over Emmas forehead.
Yeah, Emma answers simply as she prepares herself for the unknown.  It is not that she does not completely trust Alexisit is more that she fears what Alexis has to show her.  It must be something terrible to account for so much rage.
One thing before I put you under  Alexis asks.  
Sure.
Is there something that you are hiding from the rest of us?  Alexis asks.  Something that only you know but the rest of us dont? 
I dont think sowhy?
Just my paranoid nature, I suppose, Alexis says as she shrugs her shoulders and places her warm hand against Emmas head.  Are you ready?
I am.
Sleep  Alexis commands.  
Emmas eyes grow weary as the world slowly begins to fade away; Emma hears one final word from Alexis remember.  Everything turns to black.  There is a strange hum in the abyss around her.  A light appears in the distance, it travels in strange patterns like a constantly lit firefly as it makes it way to her.  As it approaches closer and closer, it grows larger.  Soon it engulfs her in a flash of light.

*

It was daytime.  Emma sat in her room.  She was smaller, younger.  The memory of seeing the naked man atop her mother was still fresh in her memory.  She still can picture the face of her father as he peeks through the other end of the greenhouse glass.  His eyes were wide, full of anger.  
Her mother does not know.  Emma has not had the courage to tell her.  She still does not completely understand what she sawshe only knows that it was somehow wrong.  Her mother is at work.  She is alone in the house with her father.
Emma sits on her bed.  She looked out through the small view afforded by the tiny slit in her red curtain.  It looked like a nice day outside.  She wanted to go out and play.  Perhaps she could spot the white deer again.  The room is dark save for the tiny beam of light from the window.
Footsteps approached the room.  Emma nervously kicked her feet against the bed.  The door opened.  Her fathers face was illuminated in the dim light.  He looked angry.  He looked upset with Emma.
Your mother did something terrible, her father said as he sat down on the bed next to her.  Do you know that?
I thought she was being attacked.  Emma said as she nervously bit her lip.  She did not want to be in trouble.  
Did you tell her that you saw me?
I didntI didnt say anything at all, Emma protested as her father ran his hand across her back.
Thats good.  Her father said as he reached down and kissed Emmas forehead.  Of courseyou will have to be punished for what your mother did.  Do you understand?
I dont 
Her father pulled down on Emmas shorts.  
Im sorry.  Emma said as she thought that she was going to be spanked.  I didnt know what to do.
Her father stripped her down until she was completely naked.  
Emma attempted to back away.  She felt uncomfortable.  She did not understand what was going on.  Her father reached down and unbuttoned his own pants.  Emma attempted to wriggle her way free but she was unable to do so against the large man.
Just lie still.  Her father said as he forced himself on top of her.
Im sorry.  Emma said again as she felt a great deal of pain.  Emma began to cry.  

*

Emma began to fear the familiar sound of creaking footsteps outside of her door.  Every time she would hide under her covers hoping that the door would not open.  That he would not force himself on top of her and punish her.  No matter how hard she wished the door would not open.  The door always would open.  During her punishment, Emmas mind would go somewhere else.  Eventually, her mind was always somewhere else.  Alexis came into existence.  She never told her motherher father said he would kill her and her mother.  She wondered how long the punishment would last.  Emma returned briefly on the day her father was murdered.  After that, she became Alexis once more.  Though the threat of the monster was gonethe fear and damage remained.  Alexis was angry, quietas she grew older she learned to hate life.  That was, until when she turned fourteen and met a kind boy named Aaron Chase.  Emma returned once again.  

*

Emma slowly opens her eyes; tears are streaming down from them as she sobs uncontrollably.  She now understands why Alexis carries so much anger within herAlexis had been Emmas shield when her stepfather would rape her when she was a child.  ImIm so sorry Alexis.
I thought you knew more than you did, Alexis says from the front seat.  You know what happened that day that he was murdered though, you came back that day.
I saw them bury him in the greenhouse.
Did mother kill him, or did Brian?
I dont rememberI only remember that part from a dream.
I cant see that day, Alexis says as she slaps herself across the face in frustration.  Ive tried so hard to remember that day.  I just cant.
Dont be hard on yourself, Emma whispers as she wipes away her tears with the short sleeve of her dress.  You were so bravefor so long.
Thats why I had him kill himself, Alexis said.  I knew about the affair, and the knife, the room full of concreteI bluffed when I told him to write where the body wasI had no idea it was right under the place I found the knife.
Why did you kill the person that freed us?
Because it was their fault, Alexis says as she begins to weep.  Her tears flow freely as they catch rays of sunshine and glitter like tiny diamonds.  If theyhad just, not had an affair then he would have never punished us for their actions.
You put it all together much quicker than I did, Emma says as she gets up and reaches her hands over the seat and hugs Alexis tightly.  I still believed that he didnt do it after I confronted him.
He allowed it to happen for so long, Alexis says as she reaches over and places her hand on top of Emmas.  He had to be punishedso did mom, but I cant punish her.   I expected that you would remember when I did.  How could we forget something like that?
When did you remember?
When I came back in this new formwhen you remembered who you really were.  Alexis says as she shakes her head.  How could I forget something like that?  I suppose, had I remembered earlier I probably would have done something stupidsomething that they could trace back to uswhen we were all one person.  Wed probably be in prison now.
Its time, Emma says as she nods.  With us, time just erases things that we should remembereven things we would like t remember.  I cant remember anything about Aaronif it werent for the pictures in the bedroom I wouldnt even remember what his face looked like.
Hope doesnt know, Alexis says as she looks out the window.  Shes here because we were someone different before thatmonster got us.  She shouldnt know.
We dont have to tell her.
I thought for sure that you would know after we all appeared, Alexis says as she shakes her head.  Im sorryIve been hard on you because II guess I thought that you didnt care about what I went through.
Im sorry I didnt know, Emma says as she feels both upset and confused.  Why was this kept from her?  She could have stopped Alexis from killing Ethans father and mother long before if someone had just told her what Alexis had been through.  Though they both did wrong, they did not deserve death.  Emma begins to understand now what Brain was trying to sayBrian was trying to protect Emma, her mother, andof course, himselfbut he did not mean to cause this pain.  He could see Alexiss point that he was responsible, but there was no way he could have known what his transgressions would lead to.  Perhaps she could have talked Alexis out of doing what she did, had she only known. Why did you kill Ethans mother though?
Alexis lets out a heavy sigh and buries her face in her hands.  She could see me, only Brian was supposed to be able to see me that daythats how I planned it.  I talked to her; I told her why I was there.  She kept saying that I had wingsshe was crazy.  She asked me to wheel her outside, to release her.  She said she was a caged bird.  I didnt want to leave her out there, I could see her getting sickshe just, wouldnt let me take her back in.  When Brian got back and I finally confronted him, she was long deadI used that to hurt him more.  Am I evil?
Youre not evil Alexis, Emma says as she squeezes her shoulder.  You took the brunt of pain for me for so many years.  When you came here, all you had to latch onto was your anger and it took you on your own journey.  I think though, that journey is over.  Breaking up moms grave isnt going to help anything.  We only have a short timespend it with me, or with my new friend.  Spend it with Hope or Elizabethlive some kind of normal life.
I noticed you brought her back.
She needed to be, Emma responds as he nods.  I know you think she is weakbut she helped me figure out so much.
I understand why you did it, Alexis says as she turns to Emma.  I can feel a callingI know where I have to be tomorrow.  I know that it will be the end of me, Hope, and Elizabeth.  
Im still convinced I can stop this, Emma says as she shrugs her shoulders.  Elizabeth is even starting to believe that the future can be changed.
The future maybe, Alexis says, But not our fate.
Is there anything I can do for you?  Emma asks.  
There is something I wanted, Alexis says meekly as she turns away and looks to the sun that hands low in the late afternoon sky and paints the clouds around it a soft jacinthe orange.  But its too late to ask.
What was it?  
I wanted to stay through the night, Alexis says as stares off sadly at the sun.  
Ill give it to you, Emma says as she places her hand upon the back of Alexiss head and brushes her hair away from her wet cloudy blue eyes.  
You only have two nights left, Alexis says in protest.  I couldnt.
Stay tonight  Emma commands as she closes her eyes and concentrates.  Stay
No  Alexis whispers.  I dont deserve this.
Just promise me a few things, Emma says as she removes her hand, she feels tiredas though she has lost some of her energy.  However, she does not regret her decision.  
Anything, Alexis says softly as a tear streams down.
Forgive our mother, Emma says as she looks to the broken grave in the distance.  Forgive Brain, even if you dont feel he deserves itthere is no reason to hold onto the pain any longer.  Alsoforgive yourself.
I promise Ill try, Alexis whispers as she looks to Emma sadly.  Youll have to go to that other place tonightyou can still take it back.
It is my gift to give to you, Emma says as she gets out of the back seat of the car and opens up the drivers side door.  What do you plan on doing?
Are the fireflies out?
They are, Emma says as she is taken off guard by a large embrace by Alexis.  
Id like to see the moon, Alexis says.  Id like to see the beach at nightthe fireflies in the woods outside the house.  I would just appreciate the comfort of walking around at night, knowing Im not going to disappearI would dream.  Hopefully it would be a good one, as I only get this one.
Im sure it will be, Emma says as she is released from Alexiss hold.  Dont go scaring people too much with your ghost cop car thereand return Ethans sledge hammer.
He left it unlocked.
Just do it, Emma says as she shakes her head and laughs.  
Emma?
Yeah?
Thank you, Alexis whispers as she smiles.  You have no idea how much this means to me.
Just remember to do what I said, Emma says as she climbs into her car.  Ill see you tomorrow.
Ill be there.

*

Its good to see you, Justine says as she opens up the door for Emma.  You had me worried being gone so long.
Did you see Alexis?  Hope asks as she comes running over and hugs Emma.
I did, Emma says as she pats her younger self on the head.  Everything is going to be okay now.
I knew that you were powerful, Hope adds.  You just had to believe it.
Well thank you for letting me know, Emma adds as Hope runs off to the mess of newspaper and paint on the floor.  
Was today okay?  Emma asks quietly as he turns to Justine.  No trouble here?
Nah, Justine says as she shakes her head and a wide smile grows across her face.  I love this kid.  I could hang out with her all daythat seems a little odd doesnt it.
Is there anything about this situation that isnt odd?
Thats a very good and valid point, Justine says as she nods.  So whats the plan from here on out?
I Emma begins.  She knows that in a few hours she will disappearjust as she has seen Elizabeth and Hope disappear.  The thought terrifies her.  She is glad that she could grant Alexiss final wish, she just realizes that it does come with quite a hefty price.  I let Alexis have tonight.  Im going to disappear when the sun goes down.
Why would you do that?  Justine asks loudly as Hope turns to look at the commotion.
It was her last wish, Emma whispers.  I had to do it.
Isnt it horrible though?  Justine whispers in turn.  Painful?
Im okay with it, Emma says halfheartedly.  Alexis has gone through a lot of pain and suffering for years on my behalf.  I can give her one night.
Youll be back in the morning though?
I will, Emma says as she nods.

*

Im tired, Hope says as she curls up into a ball on the couch just as the last rays of sunshine fill Justines colorful apartment.  
You should sleep now, Emma says as she places her arm around the small girl.  Ill see you when you wake up.
Goodnight, Hope says as she yawns and closes her eyes.
Emma stands up and walks to the window.  She feels a sick anticipation in the pit of her stomach as she watches the sun go down.  
Take my hand, Justine says as she reaches for Emmas.
Im a little afraid, Emma says as she takes Justines hand into hers.  She can feel her hand trembling.  Thanks
Youll be okay, Justine adds.
Its time, Emma says as the last beam of sunlight disappears from view.  A burning sensation grows from the pit of her stomach as she feels herself being torn apart.  A searing, scorching sensation fills her lungs as she cannot breathe.  She feels as though she is choking, as though her lungs can no longer take in any aireverything feels hot.  Emma feels her body lifted into the air.  With one final surge of unbearable pain she is completely torn apart in black ash.  She feels strange, like a pile of leaves on a windy day.  Her consciousness grows dim.  She can see glowing embers all around herher last thought is that they are pieces of her.  As the last pieces of glowing flesh disappears into the air, so does Emmas thoughts, existence, and life.

*

Emma finds herself falling in an endless darkness.  She attempts to scream but the words are ripped from her mouth and ushered away into the ether as soon as she forms them.  Emma attempts to make out anything in the darkness.  Her eyes sear in pain from the force of her endless descent.  Her lungs constrict tightly and painfully as she attempts to breathe.  She is bitter cold, colder than she has been on any given winter day.  
Emma spots a strange light off in the distance.  A low grumble noise can be heard, barely audible above the sound of the wind ripping all around her.  The strange sound grows louder and louder as Emma grows closer to the light.
As she approaches the brilliant glow, she feels herself pulled in and twisted as though the ball of light is slowing her descent.  Emma lets out a heavy sigh of relief as her feet softly land upon a strange soft surface.  A low hum of electricity fills the air and causes her hair to rise into the air as she steps forward into the brilliant glow.
This all seems very familiar to herit is just like when she confronted the light that was chasing her in Emmas nightmares.  She reaches the edge of the glowing, swirling sphere and places her hand against it.  That same familiar strange feeling overcomes her as she steps in.  She takes a few steps forward and is met by a familiar masked face.
The face is frozen, the familiar creepy grin spread across its face.  
Is this where the others go?  Emma asks to the naked, glowing form.  She looks strange, Emma had only noticed her face and chest before, but she looks to her arms and notices that she is restrained against some kind of wall with chains by her hands and feet.  She is sticking out forward in an odd position because she is being forced to do so.  Emma attempts to reach back and pull against the strange blue glowing chains.  
Leave them, A voice booms in her head, almost causing her to lose her balance and fall to the ground.
Who is this?  Emma asks as she wheels around and sees that the girl remains motionless.  She returns to the face, the expression and eyes have not changed at all.
I have been called many things, Sol, Amaterasu, Ra, Shum I could spend an eternity listing names given to me.  I believe that you would simply name me Sun.  I suppose this name would be accurate, the voice resounds in Emmas head.  I did not expect to see you this soon.
Where are you?
Im right in front of you, the voice replies causing Emma to wince in pain.  I take your being here as a sign that you have bartered time with one of the others that you refer to as clones?
I gave Alexis tonight, Emma speaks to the frozen statue.  I gave her some comfort.
That was very brave of you, the voice responds in a softer, more bearable tone.  Given that time is so very short.
Can this outcome bebartered?
What can you possibly offer me?
I dont know  Emma whispers sadly.  I just dont wish for the world to endthere are still people I care about.  Im just starting to learn how to live.  I want to live.
There is one way.  However, it is your only option.  
What is it?  Emma asks, grateful to hear that there is something that she can do to stop this from happening after all.
All three of the clones must emerge as the first rays of my light appear on the fated morning.  Amongst the three, one of them shall take my placeto be remained forever chained by their own volition."
And what happens to the other two?
They shall burn away to dust, the voice speaks in a tone that causes Emmas ears to ring violently.  That shall be the only barter to be made.  Otherwise I shall consume Gaia and all that live upon it to end my own suffering.
I care for them, Emma whispers.  Is there no other way?
The voice laughs in a manner that is befitting of its terrible grin.  The three must emerge from the path.  There is no other way.  Be grateful that I even offer you this tribute, as either way, I will be destroyed.  So it matters to me not.
What was the point to all of this?
The same point you tried to make at the end of a rope.  An ending
Why did you let me get close to them, only to take them away?
You mistook their purpose, the voice gently says.  You mistake your own purpose.  I can claim no fault for your actions.  If it is of any consolation, your being here does ensure me that I chose the right one.
Youre cruel, Emma whispers.
Millions of years estranged from my love has made me so, the voice booms in Emmas head causing her to collapse to her knees.  You would be cruel after a few years.
I am sorry, Emma softly replies as she bows.  I did not understand.may I ask who you loved so deeply that it caused you so much pain?
Its name is as many as mine, Luna, Bendis, Tsukuyomi
The moon, Emma whispers.
Such a simple name for someone so elegant, the voice replies in a soft tone.  It is not fitting.
I apologize, Emma says as she nods.  I knew nothing of your pain.  I will do what I have to do.
Do what you feel you must, the voice replies.  It is of no consequence to me.
Can I return now? Emma asks.  Thank you for giving me a choice.
I already grow weary of your presence, the voice resounds in Emmas ears.  
Without warning she is dropped back into the darkness.  Emma looks down as she is shot like a bullet from a gun, she can see the Earth beneath her.  She speeds towards it.  In a strange freefall, Emma looks back up to the dim light that called itself the sunit seems close to the earth.  Perhaps it is not the entirety of the sun itself that is descending upon Earth, but its spirit.  Emma is horrified by what has to be done.  As she reaches the Earths atmosphere she begins to burn once more.  Her body is overwhelmed with pain, but as quickly as it begins she turns to nothing.

Day 6
Chapter 7:  Shock and Denial

Emma gasps for air as she finds herself on the floor next to the window that faces the lake.  The sun is full and warms her cold body.  She finds that her regular clothes have been replaced with one of the bright white dresses that the clones of her wear.  Emma coughs a few times and regains her bearings.  She is back in Justines apartment.  It is just like the others had described, however, there is one glaring differenceshe remembers.
The sound of crying gets Emma to her feet as she rushes to the couch.  Hope is lying curled up in a ball, Emma figures that she must have just materialized as well.  Its alright Hope
I feel sick, Hope whispers.  I always feel sick when it happens.
I know the feeling, Emma says as Hope places a hand upon Emmas thin white dress.  
Ithappened to you too?  Hope asks as she sits up.  Why?
Its okay Hope, Emma says as she places her arms around the small girl.  I know it is scary, but you dont disappear, you just go somewhere else, but you dont remember it.
You remember?
I do, Emma says sadly as she looks to the little girl.  She cannot separate her feelings that this is just an ordinary little girl from that of just being a clone, or a vessel.  To Emma, even if she is just a version of her younger self, this is a personshe has feelings, she has her own personality.  
Youre back, Justine says as she emerges from her bedroom and rushes over to Emma and Hope.  Youre both back.
I know how to stop it, Emma whispers to Justine.
Justine looks to Emma and nods.  How do we do it?
I cant talk about ithere, Emma says as she looks to Hope.  We have to head back to my house now.
Im ready, Justine says as she gets to her feet.

*

As Emma pulls the car into the rock driveway, she is greeted by Alexis who is standing outside of the door.  
Is that  Justine says as she shields her eyes from the sun.  Elizabeth oris that the other one, Alexis?
That would be Alexis, Emma says as she nods.  
She doesnt look as scary as I thought, Hope says from the backseat.  
Shes just like us, Emma says as she exits the car.  
Emma, Alexis says as she nods.  Thank you again for giving me that nightI hope that it wasnt too terrible for you.
I remember  Emma whispers as she passes Alexis and heads into the house.  I remember everything.
I dont want to go in, Hope says as she hesitates by the door.  
I know it is scary in here, Justine says as she looks to the broken floor that leads down to the basement.  But you can be brave for me right?
We need you to be here, Emma says as she smiles comfortingly at Hope, although she feels bad for doing solike leading a lamb to slaughter.
Okay, Hope says as she hangs her head down and pouts.  She reluctantly steps into the house as though she is walking on eggshells.  As the door shuts behind her she looks around the house nervously as though expecting some kind of monster.
What are you afraid of Hope?  Justine asks.
I dont know, Hope replies as she stares down at the floor.  I dont remember.
Its just the creepy old house, Emma says, quickly changing the subject.  She would prefer that Hope never come to realize why she fears the house.  
Im afraid of this place too, with all the spider webs and the floor all wrecked up, Alexis adds as she places a hand on Hopes shoulder and gives her a little shake.  Theres no shame in being afraid.
We need to talk to Elizabeth, Emma says as she heads towards the spiral staircase.  Can you be a really big girl Hope, and wait downstairs by yourself?
I can stay, Justine says.
We need you, Emma adds.  We will only be a few minutes.
Hope nods reluctantly as she sits with her back to the cracked red wall.  Hurry up okay?
Of course, Emma says as she gestures for Justine and Alexis to follow her.
The three ascend the stairs and arrive at the shut attic room door.  Emma knocks softly.  Elizabeth
Elizabeth opens the door and allows the group to enter.
Its almost time, isnt it?  Elizabeth asks as she coughs.  
It is, Emma says as she reaches for Elizabeths hand.  She looks thin and sickly.  Her eyes have dark shadows beneath them and her lips are red and torn.  I know how to stop the end of the worldbut, it comes with a price.
What is it?  Elizabeth asks as she rest back against the bed.
The three versions of me have to go out just as the sun is rising on the last dayonce they are out in the sunlight they will be met by a girl who has been chained to the sun for millions of years.  One of the three must take her place.
And what happens to the other two?  Justine asks, growing very concerned at where this conversation is headed.
They disappear into dust, Emma says sadly.  I didnt want Hope to knowit just
You cant send Hope out there, Justine protests.  Shes just a little girl.
Shes not real, Alexis says.  You have to look at her like she is one of us.
II just cant, Justine says as she shakes her head.  We cant do this.
If we dont do this, Emma says as she lowers her head.  Then we all die.  Everyone, everywhereI met with the one that is coming, and she does not care for our fate either way.  She is allowing herself to fall to the Earth in a final act to end her suffering.
Well it has to be one of us two then, Elizabeth says as she looks to Alexis.
Ill do it, Alexis says without hesitation.
No, Elizabeth softly whispers.  Youve all done your part to be braveyouve all accomplished things.  Let me do my part.  Let me take on this burden.
You are not any less than we are, Alexis says as she places her hand upon Elizabeths.  I am sorry if I made you feel inferior in any way.  You dont have to prove anything.
I want this, Elizabeth says as she withdraws her hand from Alexiss.  I have felt unimportant for days.  I need this.  Let me show that I can accomplish something that means anything.
If you are sure, Alexis says.
I am completely, Elizabeth says as she nods.
I am sorry that any of you have to go, Emma adds as she wipes away a tear from her eye.  I have grown so close to all of you that I wish there could be any other way.  I would take any of your places if I could.
Youll live on, Alexis says as she shakes her head.  Youll live on for the rest of usjust be happy.  You have friends now, you have a relationshipas long as you havent screwed that up, but I think hell still come around if you let him back in.   You have a purpose.  We have a purpose too now.  It may suck, I mean really suckbut like I said before, its our fate.  I mean, it would get annoying after a while, all these versions of you hanging around.
I would never tire of your company, Emma says as she attempts to hold back tears.
Come on, Alexis says as she smiles and playfully punches Emma in the shoulder.  Im trying to make you feel better here.  Dont let some of my final attempts at levity go to waste.
How are we going to tell Hope?  Justine says as she shakes her head.  
We cant, Elizabeth says as she lets out a heavy sigh.  Well just walk out with herand when the time comes Ill take over, and Alexis and Hope will disappear.
That seems so meanand unfair for her, Justine says as she looks away from the group.  Shes just a little girl and shes not going to understand at all.
Thats the point, Alexis says with a matter of fact tone.  Would you rather her be scared?  Once we leave the room that will be the last that we speak of any of this.  I would rather her die happy and oblivious to what is to come.
I understand  Justine whispers as she continues to look away.  I know it is her or the end of the world, I just hate it.
The sun would have drawn me in anyway, Alexis says.  I have a feeling that makes me want to be therelike a magnet that draws me in.  It is what we are meant for.

*

As evening approaches, Justine plays with Hope is Emmas room.  Elizabeth is upstairs sleepingshe seems to be growing weaker the closer it gets to nighttime.  Emma and Alexis are in their mothers room.  
Emma picks up a picture of her mother and looks at it sadly, Are you still angry?
Im better now, Alexis says as she looks to the picture and nods.  That night that you gave meit allowed me a lot of time to think about things.  I realized that there was no point in being angry, not anymore.
Im glad that you reached that point, Emma says as she places the picture back down and looks sadly to Alexis.  You know if I could, I would take your place.
I would want do the same for you if our situations were reversed, Alexis says as she nods.  In a way, Im going homeI guess.  We were never meant to be permanent things.  I realized that is how life is for everyoneonly I know when my end will come.  Im grateful for the time I had.
I wish things could have turned out differently, Emma says as she begins to feel deeply upset.  She tried to barter for a better deal, but the sun would offer nothing else.  I wish we had more time to talk, I hate that we had animosity between us.
Im just full of bad memoriesI would have been a terrible companion, Alexis says as she shakes her head.  Its best that I go.
I hope I can be as brave as you two are, someday.
Be brave, Alexis says as she places her hand against Emmas shoulder.  In life, whenever the opportunity comesbe brave.
I will, Emma whispers.  I promise.
A knock on the door interrupts their sad moment.  Emma rushes out of the room and heads down the stairs, followed by Alexis.  She opens the door; there is no hesitation as there is nothing further to fear.  After all, the worst lies ahead in that tunnel.  
Im here for the end of the world party, Ethan says in a slight drawl.  The smell of alcohol is heavy on his breath as he stumbles in with a few boxes of pizza in one hand and a giant box of canned beer in the other.
Ethan?  Emma says, surprised that he has decided to show up.  The world isnt ending
I would have been here earlier, Ethan says as he sets down the beer on a stable part on the hallway floor.  He looks down into the basement.  Forgot about all that mess anyway would have been here earlier, but my tools were stolen a few days agoI filed a police report and they found my sledgehammer buried in the hood of a cop car that someone abandoned along the side of a road out in the countryknow anything about that?
Nope, Emma whispers.
Not a single thing.  Alexis adds as she looks to Emma and represses a smile.
Did you drive here in your condition?  Emma asks as she grows furious at Ethan for his recklessness.
What does it matter?  Ethan adds as he attempts to make his way to where the kitchen once was and sets the pizza boxes down on the edge of a table that precariously hangs above the series of platforms.  Its all over tomorrow right?
Its not over.  Alexis says.  Not for youor Emma, or Justine.
Well then dont I look like a dick?
Just relax, Emma says as she helps Ethan up the stairs as Alexis follows behind.
Ethan?  Justine asks as she emerges from Emmas room to see the stumbling man attempt to ascent the spiral staircase.  
Hey  Ethan says in an obnoxious tone.  Do you want a beer?  Theyre downstairs.
I dont drink, Justine answers shortly as she returns to the room to be with Hope.
Emma helps Ethan into her room and lays her down against her bed.  Just sober up...how long have you been drinking anyway?
How many hours has it been since lunch?
You mean noon?
Sure, Ethan adds.
About eight and half, Emma says as she shakes her head.  
About eightand a half  Ethan repeats.  Youve got a very comfortable bed.  I like couches though.  Its harder to fall out of a couch.  I like hammocks as well.
Thats really interesting, Alexis says sarcastically.
Is he sick?  Hope asks as she sits on the floor next to Justine.  
Hes just an idiot right now, Alexis says as she shrugs her shoulders.  Itll pass.
The sun shines dimly through the curtains of Emmas room as a single beam of light passes through the small opening.  Particles of dust dance in the beam as everyone, except Ethan, looks to the last ray of sunlight.  
Ill see you tomorrow, Justine says as she places her arms around Hope.
I have to go now  Hope whispers as she looks to Alexis.  
Yep kiddo, Alexis says with a nod.  Here, take my handit wont be so bad.
Ill see you in soon, Emma says as she leans in and gives Alexis a hug, she then reaches down and places her arms around Hopes small form.  Both of you
Elizabeth should be here, Justine says.
Shes sleeping, Alexis says as she looks sadly as the last beam of light fades away turning the room a shade of grey.  Its better to go out that way.
Emma looks away as the painful process begins to unfold.  She remembers how it was for herthe intense burning, the pain.  She only had to endure it one night.  
Justine begins to cry as the final embers disappear into the evening light.  Emma walks over to Justine and places her hand to her back and begins to rub her back reassuringly.  Itll be alright.
Emma looks to Ethan, who has passed out completely.  Well, I was going to offer you this bed.
I dont think I could even sleep, Justine says as she looks to Emma as fresh tears stream down from her eyes.  I know what Hope is.  I just cant help but feel sad.
Hope is who I was when I was happiestor the most innocent, Emma adds.  Terrible things happened to me right around her age, things that I didnt even remember because I had blocked them away.  She helped me remember, both her and Alexis.
All I see is a persona young girl.
I feel the same way, Emma says as she looks to the darkness that is encroaching outside the window.  I feel that way about all of them.  I would keep them safebut the price would be too heavy.
I know  Justine says as she wipes away the tears from her eyes.  Ill still have you though, right?
Of course, Emma says with a laugh.  Were friends.
Youll paint with me?
Id love to learn, Emma says as she leads Justine out of her old room and shuts the door.  If youd want to re-teach me, I would be happy to paint with you.
She paints the strangest things, Justine says as she attempts to break away her sadness with a smile, She painted a dolphinin space.
Like I said, Emma says as she laughs.  I was an odd kid.
Emma opens the door to her attic bedroom and gestures to the bed.  You should try and restI have a feeling were going to be up very early.
Justine nods as she walks over to the bed and plops down allowing a sigh to escape.  What will you do?
Theres something I have to take care of, Emma says as she feels drawn down to the basement.  After that, I will try and rest.
Alright, Justine says as she pulls the blanket up to her knees as she sits up in bed.  Take care of yourself, Ill see you tomorrow.
Take care, Emma says as she nods.  Try and rest.
Emma shuts the attic room door and begins to descend the spiral staircase.  There is something on her mind that has bothered her from the very beginning, that strange room with the stone slabthe one that gives her shivers of fear every time she passes it.  Emma navigates her way down the platforms, careful to not slip and fall.  It is as though someone attempted to make a series of cliffs to climb down, but disregarded to make it safe in the least bit. Bits of broken splintered wood jut out dangerously.  Some of the platforms slope forward; others are covered with protruding nails from the wooden floor.  Emmas feet finally reach concrete as she begins to head down the hallway.  She takes the first turn.  A strange feeling of dread overwhelms her and begs her to return to the safety of the upper floors of the house.  As Emma enters the concrete room with the stone slab on the middle, her anxiety has grown exponentially.  Her pulse is racing.  
What is it about this room?  Emma asks herself aloud as she paces around the stone slab, she runs her fingers across the smooth surface.  Different flashes of memory play in her head, slaughtered pigs being cut aparttheir corpses hanging from hooks in the large wooden beam at the far end of the wall.  Emma was sure this was probably real, but how did it relate to her?  An idea came to Emmas mind as she crawled up and sat against the cold slab of stone.
Well  Emma says as she takes a breath in and attempts to calm her panicking mind.  I suppose there is one way to find out.  
Emma places her back against the smooth surface of the stone.  Through her thin white dress her body shivers against the slab.  Emma rests her head uncomfortably against the completely flat surface.  She brings her hand up her head and whispers a simple command.  Sleep

Day 7
Chapter 8: Re-acceptance

Emma awakens from a fitful night of sleep.  Her mind is confused.  She does not remember what she is doing hereor how she got here.  Panic overcomes her as she realizes that for a moment, she cannot remember who she is.  The only thing she does know, or feel rather, is that she has to get out of the house.  
Emma stands in front of her door; she puts her ear to it as though she anticipates something terrible.  When nothing but silence is heard, Emma feels that it is safe to venture out of the house.  She tiptoes past her fathers office, careful that the floorboard does not creak and give away the fact that she is awake.  She does not understand why she is so fearful.  
Once clear, Emma passes the bathroom and rushes down the spiral staircase as swift as her small feet will carry her.  She runs through the red hallway and opens up the door and slams it behind her.  As she circles the house and begins to run into the woods, she hears the voice of her father as he emerges from the house.
Emma?  The voice booms.  Youre not to leave the house!
Emma senses that she is doing something wrongshe quickens her pace as she hears footsteps in the brush following her.  She runs and runs until she squeezes through her secret passage in the tall brush and enters the thick forest.  
Emma!  The voice booms off in the distance.
Emma stops to rest just outside of the greenhouse filled with plants and flowers.  Catching her breath, she pauses and places her hands upon the warm glass; the sun is reflected through the trees and shines brightly against the panel.  
Emma!  Her fathers voice yells.  He is growing closer.
Emma runs into the greenhouse.  She looks for a hiding place.  She spots the bed in the corner of the room.  She crawls beneath the bed.  Curiously, Emma spots a white box that has been stuffed into an empty spot carved out beneath mattresses and the wooden frame.  Emma takes the box and opens itshe finds a silver knife with the letters SOL engraved on the blade.  
Where are you?  Her fathers voice says as he nears the entrance of the greenhouse.
Emma wraps the knife in her dress and ties it in a knot.  She crawls out just as her father spots her from outside the window.  
Stop!  Her father shouts.
Emma begins to run down the hallway.  Her father follows a distance behind her.  Emma continues to run as fast as she candesperate to not get caught.  As she reaches the end of the hallway she is met with a bricked off wall.  
No  Emma whimpers as she pounds her fists against the wall.  She is boxed in, and her father is swiftly approaching her.  Emma places all of her weight against the wall, it does not budge.  She looks to the right of her and begins to strike her fists against the brickit makes a strange hollow sound.  Emma places her small weight against the brick wall and it gives away, opening up like a door as it squeaks on its hinges.
Emma runs with her hands outstretched in the darkness as she attempts to navigate her way in the hidden hallway that she has found.  Her heart pounds in her chest as she hears footsteps approach.  Emma begins to run blindly, her arms scraping against the rough rock.  Emma charges through another door as she finds herself in the basement of the house.  She attempts to close the false brick door behind her, but finds that there is no handle.  She can hear her father as he rustles his way through the darkened hall.  Emma begins to run, she heads into the closest room she can finda room that has a large stone slab in the center.  She runs into the room and cowers behind it the stone table.
Where are you?  Her father asks as he enters the basement.  You should know better than to disobey me.
He rounds the corner and enters the room.  Youre in here, arent you?
Emma tries to keep as quiet as she possibly can.  The footsteps echo in the room as he approaches closer.  A hand reaches from around the table and grabs her by the collar of her dress.  Her father lifts her up into the air and drops her down onto the table, knocking the air out of her lungs.
You want to play games?  Her father asks as he climbs atop the table and inches closer to Emma.  Is this how you want it?
Emma attempts to back away as her father places his hands upon her dress and begins to pull up.  He does not notice the weight of the blade she has tied up.  His mind is elsewhere.  With one hand her father pins her down against the cold stone slab.  With the other he reaches to Emmas legs and pulls down her panties.  Emmas free hand fumbles with the makeshift knot that she has tied; she manages to undo the knot as the dress and grasps the silver blade.
It didnt have to be this way, her father says as he pushes down against her causing her pinned arm to flare out in pain.  You could have just waited in your room and it would have been overits going to be so much worse because you tried to run.
Just as the man attempts to force his body upon her, Emma grasps the knife tightly and thrusts it with all of her might into her fathers stomach.  Her hand feels warm as the sickening flow of blood begins to cover her hand.  It begins to drip on her bare legs as he collapses to the side against the table.  Emma drops down to the floor.  A trail of crimson blood flows down from the table and begins to seep into a drain on the floor.  She peeks over the edge of the table, her father is shuddering.  His body is shaking.  He attempts to make a noise but only gurgles up more blood.  He attempts to reach the knife that has been completely submerged into his stomach.  Before his fingertips can reach the handle, he stops moving completely.  
Emma backs away slowly as she collapses against the wall.  She sits there, motionless, staring at the body and watching the blood flow down into the drain for hours.  More time passes, Emma loses track.  Her mind begins to wander.  She does not know what her father was doinghowever she somehow knows that this was not the first time.  She does not know why she is aware this day.  She has very little memory of the past few months.
Her mother rushes to Emma.
Ive been looking for you everywhere, Sarah says as she runs over and scoops up Emma in her arms.  Are you hurt? She asks as she searches Emmas body for any cuts.  
What happened to your dress?  Her mother asks as she runs a hand along Emmas leg.  She can see that there is some bruising and that her panties are torn and pulled down. 
Emma points to the dead man on the table.  He was attacking me
Stephen?   Emmas mother whispers as she places a hand over Emmas eyes and enters the room.  Where did you find that knife?
Beneath the bed, Emma answers calmly.  I was hiding.
Has this happened before?  Her mother asks as a tone of horror fills her voice.
I dont remember.
Lets get you cleaned up, her mother says as she carries her away.
Emma  A voice breaks through.  Emmaits time to wake up.
Emmas eyes wearily open as she is faced by Elizabeththe sun necklace hangs around her neck.  She looks a little healthier today; there are no dark circles beneath her eyes.  What time is it?  
Its nearly morning, Alexis says as she places her hand into Emmas and helps her up from the stone slab.  What are you doing down here?
It was me, Emma whispers as she faces Alexis.  She looks around the room and sees no sign of Hope, Justine, or Ethan.  I was the one that killed our stepfather.
Thats why I could never remember that day?  Alexis asks as she continues to help Emma off of the table.  Only you knewyou just didnt remember until now
You have to forgive yourself, Elizabeth says as she places a hand upon Emmas shoulder.  Who knows how long it would have gone on if you hadnt stopped him?
Did you have any memory of that?  Alexis asks as she turns to Elizabeth.
Not until just now, Elizabeth says meekly as she backs away.  Sometimes I can feel things that Emma can.
Why was that something only you knew?  Alexis asks as she looks confused.  Then she begins to piece together the pieces.  YouYou came back to save me that day.  Then you left and let me return.  Why didnt you just stay?
I dont know  Emma whispers.  She is still attempting to come to accept the idea that it was not her mother, nor Brian, but herselfshe was the one that killed Stephen Langford.  I always felt strange about this roomever since I was brought back six days agoI just thought it was that I had found the cord I used down her.  I didnt know it was something else.
You did what you had to do, Alexis says as she nods and places her arm around Emma.  There was no guilt in what you did.
I felt like I did something wrong, Emma says as she shakes her head.  I did not realize what he had done to you so many times
To all of us, Alexis says as she grabs Elizabeths hand and draws her close.  Now we are wholenow we know the truth.  Im ready to leave.
Hey, Ethan says as he and Justine hold hands with Hope as they round the corner.  Sorry about last night.  
Its fine, Emma says as she nods.
I caught him up to speed, Justine says as she looks sadly down to Hope.  
What are we doing?  Hope asks as she looks up to Justine with bright eyes.  
Ill take her from here, Alexis says as she nods to Justine, who looks to be on the verge of tears once more.  She takes Hopes hand and kneels down next to her.  Theres a tunneljust past the wall a little ways from here.  Were going to walk the tunnel until we reach the sunlight.
Were going home, Hope says as she looks to the floor and kicks at a piece of broken concrete with her bare foot.  Arent we?
Justine begins to cry as she can no longer choke back her tears.  You are
Is it ending for everyone?  Hope asks as she turns to Emma.  You promised youd try and stop this
We are the way, Elizabeth says as she kneels down and brushes a stray piece of golden hair away from Hopes eyes.  When we go home, everyone will be safe.
Im happy, Hope says as she frees herself from Alexiss hand and runs over and hugs Justine tightly.  Youre safe now.  Thank you for painting with me.  I was so happy.
I was happier than I have been in a long time, Justine says as she wipes away her tears and smiles at the young girl.  Youre so brave.
Will it hurt?
Of course not, Alexis says as she takes Hopes hand.  Were going to go together.
Walk with us to the hallway?  Elizabeth asks as she looks to the small group.
Of course, Emma says.
Thats why we are here, Justine adds.
Im with you, Ethan says as his eyes narrow sadly as he looks away.  He has not been exactly in the loop with what was going onbut it looks as though the weight of the sacrifice of the three is finally hitting him quite hard.  Of course, Im with you.
In silence the group walks down the corridors of the basement until they reach the hallway.  They carefully step over the broken pieces of brick and enter into the hot red bricked corridor.  Ethan shines his flashlight ahead to lead the way.  
As Emma can make out the faint grey light of the coming dawn, she feels a sense of completion, a strange contentment.  She may not have understood the point of the journey, but she is glad that she has made it.  She is happy that she never gave up and continued to follow the answersto make connections with the other versions of herself.  These past six days may have been difficult, but they made her feel more alive than ever beforethey made her feel truly real.  As they reach close to the end of the tunnel, Alexis turns back to Emma and smiles.  Emma looks to Elizabeth, just as Ethans flashlight shines against the back of her head.  
Wait  Emma says softly as she reaches her hand forward and grabs onto Elizabeths hand.  
What is it? Elizabeth asks, confused.  
Your head  Emma whispers.  You have an injury to the back of your head.
Its healed up, Elizabeth says as she reaches behind her head and touches upon the scabbed up spot that lies just beneath her hair.  
Emma reaches to the back of her own head.  There is no wound, no scarthere is nothing.  It is the same with Alexis.  We have to stop.
We dont have time, Alexis says as she begins to pull Hope along with her.
Just give me a moment, Emma says as she looks to Elizabeth.  Emma closes her eyes.  She has a brief memory of pulling someone up from the bathroom floor.  She remembers forcing someone into the room.  It was Emma, not Elizabeth.  Emmas mind wheels wildly as she attempts to reconnect thoughts of the last six days.  She remembers Hope saying that she had powermaybe she was the most powerful one.  Emma begins to realize, she may not be the real Emma.
Do you remember the first day we met?  Emma asks as she grips Elizabeths hands and prevents her from moving onward.  
Of course, Elizabeth whispers.  
Why did you choose the name Elizabeth?  Emma asks.  
I couldnt really remember who I was.  When I asked your name, you said your name was Emma  Elizabeth says as she pauses as though attempting to remember.  I choseElizabeth because there wassomething I read in the therapists office.  Something about the seven stages of grief, it was written by an ElizabethElizabeth Kubler-Ross
What does this matter?  Alexis asks as she points to the glowing sky at the end of the staircase to the greenhouse.  Were running out of time.
Stay here, Emma says to Elizabeth.
No Elizabeth says as she shakes her head.  Im meant to go
You only believe that because I took overI was strongest.  Im not real.  Im one of the three.  You were real all along; you just convinced yourself that you werent.  You believed you werent real because I believed so fiercely that I was the real one.  I followed your willits youyou are the one that is meant to stay.
Im going, Elizabeth says as she begins to walk away.  Youre not making any senseI was the weakest of all of you.
Youll remember who you are.  Emma says as she releases Elizabeths hand.
Take care of her, Emma says as quickly hugs Justine and then kisses Ethan on the cheek.  Both of youtake care of hershes the real Emma.
I hate to do this to you, Emma says as she places her hand upon Elizabeths back.  Stop
Elizabeth freezes in place. 
I dont understand, Justine pleads as she attempts to run forward to stop Emma from leaving.
Dont Emma whispers as she turns and smiles, although her eyes look saddened.  A single tear falls from her eyes and shines in the dim grey light.  
Emma?  Ethan asks, confused.
Stay  Emma commands with a whisper as she begins to run hand in hand with the others.  
As they reach the staircase.  Emma pauses as the first beam of light shines between the trees and illuminates a golden path set out in front of the three.  
It could have been you, Alexis says as she shakes her head.  You could have stayed.
This is what we were made to dothis is our fate, Emma says as she nods confidently and takes a step onto the golden path.  Were not real.
You certainly had me fooled, Alexis says as she looks back once to the staircase.  Im sorry you didnt know.
Its okay, Emma whispers.  Im ready.
Lets go home, Hope says as she looks up to her companions and smiles.  
Hand in hand the three walk along the golden path as it leads through the woods.  Dark clouds gather, but they dare not stray into the path that leads from the sun.  They form a perfect circle of glowing orange wisps around the sun.  As they walk on they begin to rise into the air.  Emma points down to a pack of white deer running through the trees as Hope giggles at the sight.  As they take one step further, they are spirited away and shot off into the sky.
Darkness fills their view as they enter into the void.  The three fly to the brilliant glowing sphere.  When they land, they are met with the shimmering globe.  
What is this place?  Hope asks as she places a hand curiously against the strange bluish glowing light. 
This is the end, Emma says as she tightens her grip on Hopes hand and steps into the light.  
As they continue into the shimmering light, the electric hum begins to grow in their ears.  Finally, the come face to face with the masked nude girl that bears their resemblance.  She is just as Emma remembersher eyes are unmoving, always gazing off ahead.  Her face in contorted into a strange grin.  She is tilted forward, her arms and legs bound against a wall by chains.  In the dim blue light that waxes and wanes in brightness, Emma steps forward.
Were here, Emma says to the figure.
Who is this?  Alexis asks.
I am the ending, the voice resounds in their heads.  I am SolI am your creator and your destroyer.  I see that you have accepted you who truly arethe one that calls itself Emma.
I have, Emma says aloud.  She still does not understand completely how she came to believe that she was the true Emma.  It does explain a lotwhy she did not have all of the memories.  In some strange way, it made sense that the seemingly weakest of the four would be the real one.
If I had not brought her back?  Emma asks.
Everything would have ended.  The voice answers.
Why did you keep this knowledge from her?  Alexis asks, her voice sounds angry.  
If she did not believe she was realwhat incentive did she have to strive to live?  The voice booms back causing the three great pains.  If there was no reason to try, she would not have completed her task.  Believing that she was the true Emma gave her the courage to unravel the past and bring you all togetherto make you whole.
You tricked her
I understand, Emma says as she stops Alexiss anger.  Thank you for giving me purpose, and life.  What little it was, I do appreciate it.  I am glad that I could help the real Emma become herself again.
What happens now?  Hope asks.
Now is the time that one of you must take my place.  The voice replies in a softer, less painful tone.
Can I ask one last question?  Emma asks as she steps forward and comes face to face with the figure.
I will permit you one last question, the voice softly replies.
Did you intend for this to end this waywas this all part of your plan?  I know you say you care not for life, but you went through such great pains to help someone who felt as lost as you do.
Do you remember that you once called me cruel?
I do  Emma admits.
I am neither cruel nor kindI simply am.
I will takeEmma begins.
I will take your place, Alexis says, cutting of Emma from volunteering her commitment.
I accept, the voice softly replies.  
You dont understand, Emma says as she reaches for Alexiss hand. This isforever.
Youve gotten us this far, Alexis says as she nods.  Let me finish it.  Let me do something important.
I dont understand, Hope says as she watches Alexis reach out to the statuesque form.  Arent we all going home together?
Emma will take care of you home now, Alexis says as her fingertips touch the cold skin of the form.  Goodbye... I will miss you both.  I will remember you bothalways.
Before Emma can react, she feels herself begin to burn.  She watches as the statue form of the girl falls away and Alexis takes her place.  Everything turns dimshe watches in horror as Hope is turned to black dust and glowing ember.  Emma feels her own body being ripped apart.  Soon there is nothing leftno thoughts, no memoryonly and ending.

*

8/16/12

I know that pain can bring you setbacks, Emma. Dr. Riley says as she nods to me.  You had a great week where you were doing fine, but bad things happenedthis does not mean that you are back to square one.  It just means that we have a different place to work from.
I know, I say as I feel the same overwhelming sense of sadness in my heart.  I justI thought that things would be different once I remembered everything.
Its a lot to take in, Dr. Riley says as she rests her hands in her lap.  I mean, given everything that has happened to youwith the attack and finding out your stepfather was murderedI am still surprised you are doing as well as you are.  I hear that you sold the house and moved into an apartment close to Justine.  You and her are getting along quite well still?
Shes a good friend, I say softly.  Shes teaching me how to paintgetting me interested in art again.
That is wonderful, Dr. Riley says with a smile and a nod.  And I know that the relationship is confusing given the circumstances, but you and Ethan are giving it a try?
We are, I reply with a small smile as I feel my cheeks grow red.  Were both trying to work past what happened and just move on.
So at least you have friends that you can count on, Dr. Riley says.
Im working through the depressionIm eating normally again.  I didnt realize that I wasnt eating, I say as bite my lower lip.  
It is not uncommon to forget to do things when we feel overwhelmed, Dr. Riley adds.  And the clonesyou dont see them anymore?
I shake my head as I look down to the floor.  I dont.
I see that brings you a great deal of pain, Dr. Riley says as she sinks back into her leather chair.  I believe that they were your minds way of trying to explain everything to you, without overloading you and causing you to completely relapseonce they served their purpose, they moved on.
I just I say, as I attempt to hold back tears.  I just miss them so much.
They will always be a part of you, Dr. Riley says reassuringly.  
I know, I say.  
Well it was a great session, Dr. Riley says as she gets to her feet and begins to slowly make her way towards the door.  I believe that youve made a lot of progresseven if you feel that there have been quite a few setbacks with your anxiety returning and the depressionjust give it time and keep at it.  Do what makes you happy, whenever you can, and as best as you can.
I will, I say as I get up from the couch and head out to the waiting room.
Justine walks up and takes me by my hand.  Sohow was it going back?
It was alright, I reply.  I miss the others stillI cant believe that they are gone.  I was so sure that I was meant to go.
You remember when you told me that you had memories of being the person you were before they arrived?
I do.
You remember that when you were Alexis for those few yearsyou aspired to do something greatto be remembered.
I remember.
She helped save us all.  I can think of no greater act.
I just wish I knew what part of me the other Emma was, I say as I shake my head and fight back the urge to cry once more.  
She was the strength you needed to live, Justine adds as she smiles.  Cheer upprove to her that she is still with you.  Want to grab a pizza and watch a movie?
Sure, I say.  I always appreciate Justines company.  
Good, because I already called Ethan and hell be at your place in about half an hour, Justine says with a laugh as she wraps her arm around Emmas shoulder.  When are you going to start selling your pieces in my shop?
When they stop looking like shit, I say with a laugh.
I dont know if that will ever stop happening, Justine adds as she playfully jabs Emma in her ribs.  But Ill allow them to hang next to my masterpieces.

Epilogue

Emma awoke.  Her head felt hazy and dizzy from everything she had gone through.  All around her was a complete darkness.  She wondered if this was her final resting place.  The ground felt soft beneath her, almost as though she was lying against a bed of grass.  This was not so terrible.  At least, in some mannershe still existed.  
Emma?  A voice rang out in the darkness a short distance away.
Hope?  Emma asked.  Is that you?
It is  Hope whispered.  Where are we?
I dont know, Emma said as she painfully got up from her cushioned spot of earth.  Im heading over to you.
Im here  Hope spoke as she heard footsteps approaching her.
Emma placed her hand around Hopes as she helped her up to her feet.  Here we goother than the darknessthis place isnt so bad is it?
Theres a light, Hope said as pointed off into the distance.  An act, which held little consequence as Emma could not make out the direction that she was pointing in.
Where?
There, Hope added in a frustrated tone as she pulled Emmas hand and pointed it off to the distance.
The white light grew closer and closer as Emma and Hope huddled close together.  As the light reached them, a form could be seen in the brilliant glow.  
Why are you so sad?  A young mans voice asked as he reached out a hand.  I mean you no harm.  What do you call yourself?
Emma  Emma said as she took the strangers hand.
Aaron, the young man replied.
A rush of memories filled Emmas head.  

*

As everything turns to black, snapshots of Emmas past filled her mind.  She remembered going to schoolmeeting a young boy with dark hair and light hazel eyes.  He always attempted to speak to Emma, who mostly kept to herself.  He would always try and make her laugh.  As they grew older, they grew closer.  Aaron Chasethat was his name, Emma remembered that he had anxiety problems as well.  He was always running.  Emma used to try and keep up, but she never could.  He would laugh as he ran; he would always slow down so that Emma could keep up.  One night he confided in Emma that when he was thirteen he attempted to drown himself in his familys pool.  They were always fighting.  He felt neglected and did it as a way to seek their attention.  It did, although not as he intended.  Their parents divorced shortly after and they bounced him through the therapy system like a rubber ball.   Emma never confided in him her horrible pastfor she did not remember it.  Aaron always said he was never depressed when he was with Emma, although sometimes she could still sense that he was.  They began dating in college.  Aaron was Emmas first love.  Aaron still ranhe said it was his way of keeping depression away permanently.  He died before he could graduate.  

*

Aaron chase released Emmas hand as he stepped back in shock.  He then reached forward and threw his arms around her, embracing her tightly.  Is it really you?
I remember you  Emma whispered.  I finally remember you.
Emma could feel a light of her own begin to glow within her.  Soon, the air was filled with a pair of brilliant white lights.  
And who is this with you, Aaron said as she reached down and extended a hand of friendship.  Dont worry, it wont bite.
This is my sister, Emma said as she placed her hands on Hopes shoulder.
ImHope, she replied as she reluctantly took the hand.  As she did, her own light began to illuminate the area around them.  
There you go, Aaron said as he got back up as a smile spread across his face.  All fixed now.  
Where are we?  Emma asked as she marveled at the sight around her.  Beneath her feet the grass shimmered in the reflection of their combined lights.  Branches of a tree hung overhead, and a rock path existed a short distance away.
Ive only just arrived myself, Aaron said as he shrugs his shoulders.  Not but a an hours ago Id guess.
How is that possible, Emma asked.  You
I know, Aaron said as he nodded.  I dont know how it works.
Im so happy to see you again, Emma said as she placed her arms around Aaron.  It has been a long journey to get back to youto get herewherever this place is.
I dont know where I was before you arrivedbut you brought me back, Aaron said as he kissed Emma.  Thank you for bringing me back.
Where does the path lead?  Hope asked as she began to head for the stone walkway.
A whole townAaron said as he took Emma by hand and began to lead them up a large hill.  I was about to head there until I saw two falling stars off in the distance.
As they crested the tall hill, Emma let out a gasp.  It was beautiful.  Strange flicking lights illuminated a city made of dark stone with flecks of white that glittered like fresh snow in the moonlight.  Large towers and twisted spires loomed high into the air.  A single tree resided at the entrance to the city, a large globe that made a strange electric grinding noise hung from its largest branch.  A series of cables held the globe in place.  The entire town seemed to produce a hum, a blooming sound that would growl and quiet as its luminance faded and exploded brilliantly.  The black stone road twisted in odd places, as though it was set by a madman.  Emma squinted her eyes as she looked into the townshe could make out more lights, only these lights were constant and moving.  There are others
Lets all go, Hope whispered as she was in awe of the beautiful town.  Lets go together.
Of course, Emma said as she looked down to Hope and smiled.  
Your sister really lives up to her name, Aaron said as she took each of the girls by hand as they began to walk to the strange town.
She really does, Emma says as she lets out a laugh.  Although she does not understand where she isshe realizes it does not matter.  She still exists.  Thank you Alexis  Emma muttered so quietly so that no one else could hear.  Thank you for this second chance at lifeI promise Ill watch over hopeandI will never forget you.  
Despite the confusion she felt about her strange new surroundings, Emma felt an overwhelming sense of gratitude.  She thought that there would be nothing left for her at the end.  Instead, she found that this was not an ending after allinstead, this was a new beginning.  This was a chance to reconnect with her lost love.  This was a chance to take care of Hope.  It was full of uncertainty, a little bit of anxiety, a small touch of the fear of the unknown, and it gave her a jittery, nervous feelingbut that is just how life is, isnt it?

The Beginning

***

Other titles by Matthew Fish

A Window in the Earth
A Window in the Darkness
A Window in the Earth: Revisited
Softland
Softland 2
Fireflies in Winter
Charlottes Feathers
In Rust
Without Warning, I Suddenly Feel Everything
Waiting for Fireflies
Einstein and the Nuclear Space Dolphins VS The Terrorist Comet Armageddon
Lilys Dick

Coming Fall 2012:
Free Lives in Transit (At the End of Time)


