ADVENT
A Tale Of Tales Book One
Copyright 2012 by Pthasse Amadeus 
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 by Pthasse Amadeus 
Smashwords Revised Edition
Thank you for downloading this book for your enjoyment. This book may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at www.smashwords.com, or www.lunchtimetales.co.uk, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PREFACE
A TALE OF ONE
A TALE OF A PARADOX
A TALE OF PERCEPTION
A TALE OF AWAKENING
A TALE OF A CHAMPION
RISE OF A CHAMPION


NOTE FROM AUTHOR
A Tale of Tales is a collection of short stories, introducing characters and portraying interconnected events in a universe like ours but quite different. It introduces the reader to the Radiant Order World as recorded by the Witness. Enjoy a tale from a fictional reality much like our own, with somewhat subtle differences. Read about a chronicle of beginnings with a host of characters including, Adam, Shade, Oasis, Ezra, The Travellers, The Orion Confederation and many more. These characters all exist in one World and travel through different paths, eventually all paths cross and a deeper plot emerges. A Tale of Tales contains stories like A Tale of One, New World, Neomen, A Tale of a Champion, A Tale of Awakening and more, neatly packaged as a progressive collection of stories. It is a mix of esoteric ideas with real world problems and social dynamics in a fictional world, tailored to entertain and inspire.
A Tale of Tales Book One, Advent, contains A Tale Of One, A Tale Of A Paradox, A Tale Of Perception, A Tale Of Awakening and A Tale Of A Champion. These stories are bridged by the Watcher, who tells these tales from multiple perspectives. Enter this world as a newborn Traveller and learn what it means to be one... Read about a struggle that transcends space, time and dimensions. 

DISCLAIMER
Some adult language and descriptions of a violent nature are presented, parental guidance is advised. This novella is a fictional work and is not meant to portray any persons alive or dead, any similarities observed are accidental and unintended.


PREFACE 
All those that were complete were given freewill and a right to choose but there are those who seek to pervert it, turning freewill into confusion and it is by such means that Kek seeks to succeed.  Oasis, The First Traveller
Welcome to this realm young one, how was your journey here? Never mind I already know; for I am the eternal watcher, the witness, who recorded all events that were and will be. Where's here you ask? Your soul has awakened and transitioned, you have chosen to serve creation by working with the Travellers in this now, and this is their realm. I have watched the works of these Travellers and I have been asked to aid them by bringing you up to speed on their struggle. Who asked it? Your elder brother of course... I see... It may take sometime for the memories of all Travellers to enter your thoughts, so in the meantime perhaps I should tell you a bit about yourself and what is going on. You are a new born Traveller and Travellers serve creation by helping others and maintaining the balance, keeping the Orion Confederation in check. Oh right, the Orion Confederation is a group of planetary systems governed by the host of dissonance, those which the Travellers call Magets. They continue the work of their father, choosing to serve their own interests by removing all sentient creation from the incarnate realm.
Hold on! One question at a time. Let's see, loosely speaking a Maget is a demon that crosses fabrics and dimensions, and it can manifest itself in many forms. The Confederation do what they do simply because it was what their father did; their father didn't agree with the Father of Beginnings when he created other life and allowed it to continue creating. So their father, Kek, created his own children and they theirs, to populate the Cosmos with their begotten and thus end what is created; so that it may begin anew. The Father of Beginnings then decided to create the Guardians of the Cosmos to help protect creation and he made them eternal and their numbers were many. They made this realm their home and served the balance until their father went to sleep in order to continue the Cosmos. Then Kek, filled with jealousy and hate, attacked with his host and destroyed many Guardians, their cries awoke the Father of Beginnings and he banished Kek and his host to the chaotic realm, where there were things that were not; and the war was over. The Father gave them all laws to help protect creation but the children of Kek united with a host of planetary systems and became the Confederation. The Confederation felt Kek's rage like it was their own, and they thought that the laws took away their choice, their free will, in favour of other sentient creation. The Father of Beginnings decided to allow creation to defend itself and caused your elder brother into being, so that he may live in this realm and gather others around him to keep the balance. The Guardians were tasked with ensuring that Kek did not escape his prison and the Father of Beginnings returned to sleep. So it was that the Travellers came to be in this realm with the birth of your elder brother and it was he who asked me to meet you. 
I expected confusion but it seems the effect of the Confederation's dissonance is worse than I thought, you don't remember your elder brother at all? Yes it's true you have just been born, but Travellers are born with many memories of all their kin... Ok, I will help you by telling you of events as I have recorded them, perhaps they will jog your memory...

A TALE OF ONE 
Within each of us is a seed and that seed is the key to it all, eternal life, transcendence, awakening, everything... -- Dr. Leonardo Wilkinson
A young man walked through the streets and he pondered, considering times past; from times at distant shores to last night in a bar. It was dark at that time, in that region of space known as a Town. His path seemed mostly empty, but more often than not he reaches intersections, only to find his path intercepted by a lone cyclist or a solitary individual. He paused by a park filled with memories of events; some glorious in happiness, others gruesome in cruelty. Lifting his head he gazed at the stars. Three Kings, the wise men of the night looked down and their brethren shimmer in the many-ness of one night. He felt the beauty, mysteriously his gaze was filled with diffraction patterns and rippling waves. He saw the aura of heat and there was something else, a glow he could not understand, closing his eyes he decided to listen to the Town. It was quieter than most but the buzz of electricity was ever present. The occasional vehicle on the road behind purred and still he listened... He heard the song of insects and he smiled. He had only recently discovered through his studies at school that everything in nature was connected. He believed that just as the nucleus was orbited by its own mass-energy states, so also was his yellow Star orbited by its own mass-energy states. The bark of a passing dog roused him from the depths of his mind, and a duo approached; a dark skinned woman wearing blue joggers with her hair tied at the back, swaying with her motion and thick locks of hair dropped down towards her waist. Accompanying her was a fair skinned woman in grey joggers with her hair held back with a band and her hair was a mix of braids, twists and loose hair. The dog was like a Doberman and seemed to revel in the exercise, thoughts seemingly only of play.
He watched them pass him and then he resumed his stroll. He was amazed at how much information his mind accumulated, from a series of shots taken within fractions of time, the speed information is relayed and then processed. Indeed he marveled at the unity of mind and body and his soul seemed to rejoice! He understood his journey, becoming aware of its beginning; only at a beginning can he see an end and he smiled as an unseen force filled him with grace. The absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence, he feels it so he believes it is real and such was his reality. Thus he questioned and he searched, not truly coming to terms with what he searched for, but still he wanted to know, through the lies and mesh of deception, a truth as real as the ground he stood on; he decided that this was the basis of his search. His mind free to drift in the autonomous motion of his legs along his path; autonomous vehicles, he wondered about the vessel and the driving force. He understands the unity of both brings him to be and yet he wondered, what is beyond? Delayed momentarily by pensive mental processes, his mind presented the image of the young tree he passed by. The image the perfect camera that was his eye captured and stored in the quantum banks of memory; turning back, he gazed to imprint the previous reflection. Instantly his mind was drawn to his class on fractals, the natural method of continuity and growth. It was a phenomenon he realised was also in all things, from as tiny as blood vessels to a whole mass of trees.
************
Morning comes and brought with it a feeling of new discovery. He stood in the glory of its light and allowed the energy to feed his being. He shook out his locks and began his morning routine. First he awakened his body with exercise, and then he let his mind roam free as he routinely performed his sets. He steeped out into the garden, the life giving light on his chest and nature at his feet. He felt grounded, connected to a galactic love relationship between his Star and his Planet. He dropped to the ground and began to prepare his mind for meditation. He considered the texts he read after his stroll last night, wondering about the truths that were revealed. He pondered their validity, reassessing his analysis of the information he collected. The passages written by the prophets of one advised him to seek the light, where all is revealed. This confused him; how does one search for light when it is everywhere. Closing his eyes he began the steps to slip into meditation, the sounds of his surroundings penetrated his consciousness. 
He focused inward listening to the flow and exchange within himself, feeling it all with his mind and body. His awareness expanded and it was like he felt the planet, he could feel the cool breeze as it caressed his body. The thump within was his rhythm as he collected himself and relaxed. He was in the world of his mind, walking down the stairway as he proceeded towards the depths of his mind. Like all things in nature, there was rhythm here too and so he went down, but a door representing his uncertainty faced him. With no hesitation he stretched forward his hand, grabbing the handle, he turned the knob and crossed the threshold; witnessing the essence of his being, he accepted his primal nature. The red hue visible was a result of the pure kinetic energy, motivating not just his primal self but also the primal nature of his people, indeed creation as a whole. A phrase leapt out at him 'All is one', this was so; he felt it, so it was real. 
The scene was filled with love and light from the Creator, and this energy raised him. There was a feel of orange-yellow around him and he saw an image of beings creating in their own way, and he saw also a glow around them. The same glow he felt in the environment he was in and then it dawned on him. The realisation that he too took part in the great engine of creation and his consciousness gloried in the truth of its awareness. He accepted his primal role in service to the Infinite One. He ran in joy towards a scene that he thought was his, intuition cautioned him and he stopped. He saw it for what it was, the root of temptation, he accepted, he understood. We can never be truly full of what we don't really want, and so he saw others trapped in this scene, their reality. In an instant he was in a forest full of light, life and love. His being became overwhelmed with love from the Infinite One. He dropped to the ground and cried, and then he laughed; his emotions filled with the feelings of the present scene. He saw visions that increased the intensity of what he felt but it never felt unbearable or undeserved. He let it flow through him, as he spread his arms wide and creatures came to him from the surrounding trees. He felt something; it came from everywhere and from every direction, the air was heavy with it and the ground lifted by it. Logos that was what it was; the very same force he felt in the primal scene. It fuelled the feeling in this green scene with its energy, lifting the ground and him with it. 
The sky was blue and like a faint haze... In the clouds, within the largest of clouds he saw a building and he knew there lay all that his being knew. How did he know? That was a question he often pondered. Something happened at that time, which he had never before witnessed in that mental realm. There was something else within this scene. His mind snapped to fables he read about dimensional beings, he had known there was some truth to the tales; and to him they seemed to materialise from nothing and they spoke.
You see us? 
I do, he replied But how? Why? 
You are aware that we are here, so you do, they replied. He noticed no lips moved as these giant winged beings encircled him. They were beautiful he thought, like nothing ever seen before; beyond description their splendour burst as if from their very being.
But how do I know? How am I aware? he asked.
You have always known, you are aware, they replied.
How do I know?
You ask too many questions; listen, contemplate and you will understand what you have always known. Thus you will raise your awareness, but keep in mind what you know affects what you see and mould yourself into a tool and a receptor of understanding. Through this Logos will give you wisdom; the sight to see. His mind swirled with this idea, a concept, a point of view he had never before considered. We have always been here but never have you seen us, but through your journey you have raised your awareness and now because your being remembers us, and so you can see us.
I know nothing and yet I know it all, truly my journey has just begun, he replied.
You see, you do know.
To him they seemed to vanish as he shifted into his being and he could go no further, same as before. Although, this time he had a lot to think on. He saw himself over looking a cliff with water falling on his left and an expanse of trees divided partially by a broad river. The air was sweet and flying creatures filled the sky, and as he gazed he realised there were other creatures by the lake to his right. He remained for a while and then turned back, stepping through a door to the present time and space, into the conscious physical world. There was always a rhythm and as he started by going down, so he returned by rising up. Even as he reached the surface of his consciousness he felt elated, his heart was lightened from past burdens and he was joyous. He opened his eyes and the sight before him was magnificent. 
The trees looked greener and brighter, as though filled with new life. All around him he could see spheres of different shapes and sizes floating. He looked to the sky and he saw a sight words would struggle to convey, of a manner that never had they been seen before. Finally he looked at his hands, like they were new hands, none can know what he truly saw as he gasped and stood up. Spreading out his arms, he filled his heart with the feelings from his meditation and it was like a song that warmed him. He was awake to the physical world and aware like anyone else but also unlike anyone else. He spread his thoughts and awareness past the boundaries of his home and that of his neighbours, feeling his other-selves as surely as he felt himself. Beyond boundaries of cities and past nations, until he was outside and within his mother planet; Oasis home of his people, pearl of the Andromeda galaxy, overlooking the Milky-way galaxy. He spoke with words but there were no words, reaching far and near, nowhere and everywhere, to everyone and to no one in particular. His words simply spoken were I am one and I am all. We are Oasis and we hear your call.
************
Ah! I see the hint of recollection in your eyes but I suspect that my task is nowhere near complete. Oasis isn't here right now because he is searching for Riva, his kin, she left on a mission of rescue. Perhaps I should tell you of her mission as she witnessed it and as I have recorded...
************


A TALE OF A PARADOX
"Underneath the universe and within all things exists Logos, it is the fundamental driver, fuelling creation and existence. By understanding the word and the flow, Logos can be used to manipulate the environment." -- Riva, The Second Traveller.
I stood and watched from a vantage point beyond a mortals description of reality. From outside time, I looked into it with my brethren. My gaze turned towards the space known as Milky Way and that was when I first noticed highly chaotic anomalies. Usually such did not exist from our point of view... A heavily potentiated chaos and I heard the call. "Help us." It was crystal clear like it was spoken next to my ear. Only those with a great need could be heard by us so clearly and so I moved myself from my environment. Effortlessly passing through time and space, I travelled to the environment the call came from... It was a planet of intelligent life, meaning that it was forbidden to interfere with their free will. This was clearly seen by the webs of Logos surrounding the planet; Terra, that was her name. I felt truth in this as surely as I felt the truth of my existence. She invited me in and directed me to the fabric that caused her pain. Travellers like myself are usually not permitted to visit planets in our natural form, so I had to present myself in a manner suitable to the environment and in this case I had to fragment myself. I could enter the cycle of incarnation and preserve my unified soul but that would take too long. So I made my decision and entered the planet, acquiring mass along the way, as I became the suitable forms. I felt my mortality in flesh as it compounded around myself, my soul fragmented and I heard Terra once again, saying. "Time is short."
************
Sir come with me quickly! I heard my aide call to me hastily and I looked up at him from my desk in the mobile tent. We had left the main camp at the Citadel, as directed by the Empress and I was in a tent that wasn't my usual tent, which looked mostly bare. The long war had changed much, no longer could I enjoy the benefits of my position as the commanding officer of this army. The mobile tent was cubic and made with easily detachable material, built for function rather than looks; it was without doubt the preferred tent for a moving army. Its interior was littered with bureaucratic paper work around the main desk, to think that at a time like this I still had to do paper work, I shook my head at the thought. Around the desk were the essentials, a communication post, a gun rack, a food processor and a bed. Well I guess you could call it a bed, but it wasn't as comfortable as my bed back home in Deazon. We were all far from our homes, at the other side of the forbidden forest...
Master Thalbeon. The time has come, a voice called, and so I got off my seat with great haste; so much so that my seat fell over. I followed him out the tent a few meters, to a clearing signalling the end of the forest. The Sages had told us that one would come to our aid and my Empress directed me, I was blessed to witness it first hand. My men were around me and all heads were turned to the sky.
Messenger! I called and a man came to me.
Announce what goes on here to the Empress, I ordered.
Yes sir, he responded and went to operate the controls of the transmission pedestal, and I returned to the object of my attention. It was a clear blue sky with our two suns invigorating the air, their glare extended and touched a lone cloud in the sky... The glare got brighter becoming a spectacular sight, a primal red flashed at the centre followed by the rumble of thunder. Suddenly the cloud began to glow golden, and then there were flashes of blue, purple and every colour of the rainbow in a sort of geometrical pattern; before my eyes, the colours merged into a singular bright light. The light was so pure that I had to avert my eyes and as I did so, I heard a crack of thunder and felt the rush of the wind, so I shielded my eyes. My gaze returned to the cloud, which was still shining but much dimmer than before, and it seemed something was materialising in the distance, within the cloud. 
The ground beneath my feet began to shake and some warriors fell off their feet. The same patterns began to form on the ground, there were two of them and they shimmered like small suns on opposing sides as two creatures walked out. From the left emerged a black cat the size of a big dog, its coat had short black fur and from the right a spotted cat of the same size, and it too had short fur. Its coat however, was orange with black spots like a leopard; they both had big paws and thick bodies, truly they were majestic cats. I would have assumed them to be leopards but they looked different from any cat I had ever seen. They came together and seemed to greet each other... I looked up again, towards the cloud where a form had now materialised; it was a cloaked man, who seemed to ride the air as he approached us. The big cats let out a call hailing his arrival and I too bid my warriors to salute, and as the rider approached I realised it wasn't a man but a woman. She looked like someone from the east of our world and her bronzed skin glowed in the light. Streaks of silver lined her jet-black hair and her cloak ruffled in the wind revealing a skin tight, light armour underneath. She wore a wide belt on her waist, which held the rest of the cloak to her bosom. She was beautiful to look upon; was she our goddess of war, I wondered. By now she was a stones throw away, riding what looked like a metal board. She jumped off and slowly descended to the ground, while the board changed form, vanishing somewhere in her cloak, and the air was calm as she landed before us. We all watched as the big cats went to her and she greeted them, and in the background I heard the messenger relay the situation to Empress Shade. The goddess walked to us, escorted on both sides by her cats and when she reached speaking distance she simply said, I am Traveller, second of my kin.
************
After the initial awe, these people told me of their problem and it was as I knew, they were indeed in grave danger. They desired to prevent their plight, but, a challenge obstructed their way in the form of a Citadel and an army. Ra and Seth greeted me and thanked me for the food as I strolled past them towards Thalbeon's tent. I heard a buzz, turning my head I could see a type of generator that seemed to provide power to the whole camp. The camp was not small with tents scattered around a central clearing and some soldiers sat by a fire having a meal, while others played dice. A minstrel played a ballad filling the night with a melody; and yet some tents looked occupied as some men chose to spend these moments in solace. It seemed each veered towards their devices to offer themselves comfort. The music changed and dancing began, and then I noticed that they had been drinking. Perhaps its a celebration, to lift their spirits; I entered the tent to see Thalbeon giving orders to his captains. I paused at the entrance, he noticed and signalled his captains goodnight.
Thank you for coming, he said to me, I smiled and nodded in response.
We have little time left, I replied.
I know, I have issued orders for the men to be ready by first light. We will begin our march then. 
How many warriors do you have? 
There are two thousand men here, six thousand at the main camp, with our Empress bombarding the Citadel's defences. There are another two thousand in reserve, hidden in the forest. They have orders to join the attack once the Citadel has fallen. The rest of the army is defending our families at home.
That sounds reasonable. What weapons do you possess? 
The Empress permitted the use of the over-unity device to transmit power for our devices, so a siege can be held near indefinitely. We have twenty powerful vibro-siege engines, ten armoured vessels and one T1 explosive device. The warriors themselves are armed with whatever they can carry. The Sphinx have given us a thousand of their best warriors and they requested to be directly under your command. The Avians have also agreed to join in our endeavour, though their numbers are small.
This power supply, is it the one outside?
No that receives the power transmitted by the power supply.
I see, and I assume the T1 is a very powerful explosive device? I responded and he nodded.
The Empress detests the weapon, had it not been for the Union we would not have one. Personally I would prefer it not to be used and this is why I prayed that you would come.
Hail Thalbeon of Gaia, I will lead the Sphinx warriors to the offending Citadel. Is there anything else you feel to inform me?
The Sphinx warriors are different from us, perhaps you should meet with them tonight.
"I will. Anything else? I replied and he paused uncertain for a moment. 
Are you the goddess of war? I had heard this question before, in the minds of others. It brought laughter from me and I soon realised from the look on his face that my reaction was misunderstood.
Fear not mortal, I am simply Traveller. When I was mortal I served under a great leader and led many into battles wining many wars. Still, I am no god. I turned to leave and stopped, turning to face him. The eternal truth is that there is no goddess of war, but only one eternal being, out of which the tangible comes from the intangible; everything from nothing. I added, before walking out of the tent. 
I took in the view for a moment, watching them dance and make merry under the light of the night sky. A few still remained outside but others had either retired to their tents or kept watch over the camp. I lifted my eyes to the skies and saw a clear view of the stars, already I missed my kin. I moved my thoughts to the task ahead of me, walking away from Thalbeon's tent as I did so; I was certain The Orion Confederation was at work here. These Humans didn't know that Terra herself, the spirit of Gaia called me, to save it from a catastrophe. From their point of view, some rebels had holed themselves in the Citadel preparing to unleash a terrible weapon, capable of unleashing a viral strain that would decimate the population. It was surprising that such an old race as this was yet to evolve beyond violence, still, their cause was thing that I could understand. It was the consequence of incarnation, the primal drives of the flesh, and not experiencing suffering and love was not living. The trick's to never forget that there is a beyond, it does go on. The spirit never dies and there is existence beyond the incarnate. One day we Travellers will ascend to a new realm of understanding and move into a seventh dimension reality, and my heart glowed with the thought. Oasis, the first, said the next stage was absolute wisdom and understanding, its teaching was hard even for him. One day, I thought, after all what was time to such as us. 
I brought my mind back to the present as I left the Human camp, to where the Sphinx lay. I retrieved from my mind memories of what I knew of their race, from our encounters in other realms; those I had met in the past looked fierce with the gentlest of spirits. With the body of a large cat and the most beautiful wings, their form was magnificent and mysterious. They were wise beyond the average mortal shell, were these their kin? I saw a fire in the distance and then I saw a vision different from that of Thalbeon's camp. Their tents were laid out orderly surrounding the centre of the camp and there was a fire where the warriors sat, ate and conversed without words. Some sat by their tents engaged in individual interests, there was an air of melody and it felt serene in its calmness. I had reached their camp and there was little commotion as one thousand Sphinx got into position at full attention; one of them walked to me, now this was a perfect army. As he walked towards me in a decidedly slow pace, I took in the view of the Sphinx warriors before me. They all wore heavy armour and none of their number was shorter than seven feet tall. They were Humanoid but not Human looking, bearing a closer resemblance to cats; seeming to have evolved from an odd combination of canine, feline and avian. There were some with thick long manes and others were bare. Each held a staff with a short blade equipped on the side, better for close-quarter fighting; the staffs looked like an archaic version of the Szrea pulse staff. It was a deep black and seemed to be made of composite parts, and different materials; however, they seemed to be sturdily bound together. It had an open groove at the top and I expected a weapon slid out from there; truly it looked to be a beautifully crafted tool.
Hail Traveller. The Sphinx welcome you.
Hail the Sphinx, I replied.
I am called Gr'vll, he said to me. You speak to all and I speak for all. Telepathy, they were more evolved than the Humans. Gr'vll was the only one of their number with wings, it would seem that they continued development from this stage until the full adult Sphinx I had witnessed in other realms.
I heard that you requested that I lead you into battle? I asked.
Hail Traveller! Glorious warrior of old, our elders told us of you, we would be honoured to follow you.
So be it. When it is light, Ra will bring you to me. This brought a loud cheer in the form of roars from the Sphinx.
Gr'vll, let us speak, I said and we stepped away from the group, and I called Ra and Seth to me.
What do the Sphinx know of the situation? I asked Gr'vll.
The elders say, hasten to redeem your celestial mother. Join your brothers in the fight. Perhaps the elders knew the truth, but then why do they not interfere?
I see. You communicate with your kin through your mind? I asked and he nodded in affirmation.
Just then Ra and Seth appeared. Ra, bring them to me at first light, I asked her through my thoughts. As you wish, I heard her reply. She moved herself and settled down in the centre of the camp. All eyes were on her; she lifted her head and growled teasingly. I bid Gr'vll goodnight and left their camp. I needed to see the situation myself; making sure I was a good distance from the camp, I collected my thoughts and focused my will. I began to weave the air with my fingers, humming the sounds in my mind and I created a small portal, it opened and I passed through finding before me an urgent battle. Disconnected limbs littered the ground, except were long projectiles stood with impaled soldiers and the soil was heavy with blood. Lifting my head to the scene before me, I watched as an enemy soldier had its head half blown off by a rifle. Some of the enemy had heavier armour to defend against rifles and they fought the Humans. I watched as one man frenzied in a blood rage slashed wildly at his enemies, piercing his sonic blade into the eye of one and removing the arm of another. But then I saw the oddest thing, he attacked his own men; his lust was driving him out of control. I yearned to assist, alas I must not, else I would reveal my presence too soon. I gazed at the Citadel, it was immense in size and surprisingly it was not on the ground. Engines underneath it kept it afloat and these engines were also under attack. It seemed futile however, as the engines were heavily armoured. I watched for a few moments then I passed my awareness briefly over the Citadel; I knew it, I thought, as I felt their presence. There were three of the Confederation in the Citadel. Suddenly the situation was much clearer, they used a typical tactic of deception to fool honest men into rebels. This world had need of only one rebellion and that was a rebellion against these rebels. I could see their plan and I knew that I must stop them. My thoughts were interrupted by more death screams coming from my right side. I had seen enough, so I opened the portal and returned to the edge of the camp.
************
Light had returned to this world and I rejoiced in the dance of ages, stretching my muscles and relaxing my mind. My eyes caught a small beauty, in the form of a purple flower with five petals and the ground beneath me was covered in grass, soft and comfortable. There was a warmth about the enclosure where I stretched, surrounded by proud trees, reaching with their limbs towards the light. They stood majestically, with an opening leading into the forest in front of me. The dance of ages had been taught to me by the First, it loosens the flow of Logos within, allowing for an improved experience of incarnation and an increased Logos ability. I felt my mind, as it explored its levels ensuring its balance, I could feel the consciousness of the forest and my muscles moved without my control. My eyes opened to new details as I became aware of the balls of energy floating around the forest. My dance was nearing its end and my awareness told me Ra approached with the Sphinx warriors. I missed Seth, he had gone to escort Thalbeon's army through the hidden ways; they would arrive at the battlefield quickly, under ten minutes. I concluded the dance and faced the entrance of the enclave, and I saw the orange coat with black spots signalling Ra's arrival; I greeted her with my mind and she responded. Facing me were one thousand warriors and they were ready for battle.
Hail Sphinx, great warriors of Gaia! I called.
Hail Traveller! they replied in unison.
Today we fight. Together with our kin we will push back the cloud of calamity. With our firm resolve we will break through the enemies defence and cause confusion from within, I said to them. Hasten to redeem your celestial mother. Those are the words of your elders, truer than you may have thought. Today we fight not just for land or wealth. We fight for the very being that carries us through space. Yes brothers and sisters we fight for Gaia, I paused for a brief moment. All of intelligent creation faces scorn from the Confederation. Even here they plan the most wretched thing. They seek to turn Gaia into a paradox, destroying the reality of this planet! Gaia herself knows and will always know that there is no paradox, but you may not, I continued. There is power in belief, in will and in the words that we speak. The Confederation intends to turn this gift against you, to destroy your reality, split your planet and kill you all. We will fight to prevent this with every breath we have!
Hail Traveller!! they called in unison.
Hail yourselves!! For they will not confuse your belief nor will they pervert your freedom. So I ask you, grasp firmly your will, accept the duality in your unity and your unity in many-ness. Remove from their hands the gift bestowed from above. With the light singing to our souls, attacking the enemy like the straightest arrow, we will prevail! Hail The Creator! I shouted and they repeated in unison. As we speak, Seth leads Thalbeon and his men through the hidden ways to lay siege on the Citadel assisting your comrades. Together we will also walk the hidden ways to join them in this fight. I turned around and I could feel Grvll approaching me.
Traveller, can we really win this war? he asked.
When you face a mountain, do you ask if the mountain will allow you to climb it? Or do you simply climb? So as it is with the mountain, it is with this war, I replied.
I am grateful for your wise words Traveller, but I must ask what.... What if we dont win, what then?
If we let the Confederation prevail, they will succeed in dividing this planet. So that it exists as partial realities in this fabric, the reality for those who believe through logic as a basis of understanding and the reality for those who believe through faith as a basis of understanding. This will be the result of the created paradox, where a truth is true in one, the same truth may not be true in the other, I replied and he was silent. Worry not mortal, we shall face this enemy. Return to your warriors, you will lead the Avians while providing information to us all from above.
Yes Traveller. We will speak it with our minds. 
Now we must begin our march, I said to him as he saluted and walked to his warriors for more inspirational words.
I turned away from them as Ra came to my side. In my heart sang the song of passage, I looked and saw through space our destination. This would be trickier than a one-man portal, I thought. I concentrated and brought my thoughts to focus on the destination. I could feel the wind pick up its pace around me and I caught the strand of connection, between two 'wheres'. I sang the song of passage in my mind, with both arms stretched forward. Wriggling my fingers and moving my hands between gestures, I wove the air around me, joining the material and immaterial. A line appeared, the whitest of white, truly brilliant to the mortal eye. Within this brilliant white, the deepest dark emerged. With a crack and a boom the vertical line expanded, until it was wide enough to allow passage. I guess practice makes perfect, I thought as I admired my doorway to the hidden ways. 
Sphinx, Walk with me through the hidden ways, I called with my mind. I passed through the doorway with Ra at my side and a thousand warriors behind me. I contemplated the idea of a planetary paradox and I wondered how the truth underneath could be so well hidden from view of mortals, perhaps only a few truly sought. Those who sought the truth became confounded in word play losing themselves in their search. Perhaps it was a result of the denial of the truth of the word, or the unity intrinsic of duality. Just as in all there is masculine and feminine, so also in one there is the same truth, a truth not limited to sexual organs. I passed my thoughts over the Sphinx; each seemed to perceive this hidden world differently; indeed the hidden ways were a world of their own. No mortal mind could truly comprehend the sight of the ways and so what was observed was usually down to what they could perceive. Perhaps a great artist could attempt to recreate the feeling of this world. It was a type of chaotic order, crisscrossed by strings of passages transversing reality, within a myriad of geometric patterns and colours. The strings were paths like this one, constantly in motion creating a chaos of possible existences, and it was light and dark, with shades of spaces in time. Better that mortals could not see this, they could not comprehend its entirety. The path glowed in front of us and I saw our exit ahead. 
We are almost there. Stay on the road, I cautioned them. Logos and the Word, its understanding was the secret of the ascent of Travellers. Through its understanding the clarity of existence is visible, though at the beginning, perception and polarity played a role in individual experience... I looked ahead and saw the haze of the Citadel at the other side of the doorway. The battle was on the way and men screamed in pain and glory, fires burnt all around, and the surrounding trees had fallen giving the area a beaten look, and still the battle raged on. With a crack of thunder one thousand Sphinx and myself exited the hidden ways. In the next instant projectiles rained upon us from above, as the Citadel itself put us in its targets. Instinctively I cast a shield, however, in a fragmented state I could not hold it indefinitely. Seth ran to me as Ra began preparing to hold the shield, and I felt comfort knowing that they would help protect us. I quickly took in the current situation; Gr'vll was in the air dodging his way towards the Avians. I saw the war scene from above, gruesome in its beauty; if indeed it could be said that war was beautiful. There was only one engine keeping the Citadel afloat and only three siege engines left, and most of the vanguard had been killed; adding Thalbeon's men I estimated around four thousand remained. The battle was in the enemies favour, for now...
Sphinx hear me, I called in their minds. Seth will stay with the main force and protect the siege engines, I will lead three hundred Sphinx and Ra will lead seven hundred inside, I continued, transmitting ideas and images alongside the words.Three hundred of the seven hundred will clear a way for the main force to enter, tactically striking key defence towers. While the rest split up and cause as much confusion as possible within the walls of the Citadel. Ra will take you through the side of the Citadel and I will go through the front; Ra will let you know when it is time. 
Traveller how do we enter if we can't reach the Citadel? It is in the sky, they asked. 
So it is. I stepped out of the protective bubble feeling the full reality of this war, brothers killing brothers. It hurt me deep inside but now was not the time. I raised myself into the sky collecting energy as I did so. My vessel reappeared, no longer a board but now resonating wings. They vibrated with the energy I collected, beating hard and keeping me afloat. I began to feel myself connect with the planet like I was part of its circuit, its full force flowed within me; it was invigorating. My awareness saw a flash from the Citadel and two large winged metallic creatures emerged. They believed themselves to be a match for me, let them come, I thought with a smile. My cloak ruffled in the wind and it seemed as though the wind itself carried me. I felt my armour turn-on its defence capabilities, long metallic claws came forth from my gloves. They were like long finger nails, five on each hand, and I felt and heard the hum of each sonic blade in unison. The metallic creatures came at me in the air, with a wild slash aimed at my midsection. I moved and ripped out the wings of the first, with my feet firmly pressed on its back, I launched myself at the other, sending the first one to the ground beneath me. I covered the distance quickly, too quickly for the other creature to react; in one swift motion I removed its head. My interface monitor alerted my mind, to the failure in my vessel's systems... I must return to the ground, I thought. This must be the work of a powerful Logos weaver and that meant Tiamat was here. 
As I landed, the vessel went into hibernation to repair itself. I began to run, dodging pockets of battle, and my mind concentrated the energy I had collected and then I saw the winged creature I sent to the ground before me; he was with the enemy attacking Thalbeon's men. I cried out as I raced to him calling three hundred Sphinx to me, with mind and voice. Ra was on the move taking the rest to their entry point, while Seth protected the siege engines from harm, bringing more destruction on the Citadel. They were true companions, indeed they were myself. The Sphinx reached me as I slashed at my enemys head, attempting to distract it from its prey. It dodged and came at me with a strike at my shoulder; I moved my stance and lunged forward. Sending a hand full of blades deep into it, it sparked and fired and then it stopped. The Sphinx fell upon the enemy soldiers, fire in their hearts fuelled by my wrath, greatly raising their morale and ability. The enemy was heavily armed but this fact didn't deter the Sphinx. I watched a pair of Sphinx make short work of a few of the armoured soldiers; with a psychic link their motions were perfectly synchronised. I watched as one used his blade to take a man off his feet and I saw a few more headed towards the bigger machines. They ran in pairs, one pair swung his other towards the machines, while others jumped off their brethren's back; leaping towards their targets and their blades aimed for the cockpits. The men cheered and rejoined the battle. My suit felt tampered...  I look down at my hands to see the claws uncontrollably shifting form and I retracted them.
Sphinx, follow me, I thought to the three hundred warriors. I began to calmly walk toward the Citadel. Your attack will not stop me Tiamat, I thought.
Tiamat!! I called out as I released the concentrated energy through my voice, focusing it on the last remaining engine of the Citadel. The call came out as a roar, forcing the Citadel itself to vibrate. The engine shattered and the whole Citadel descended ungracefully to the ground. A loud cheer filled the area and my senses overwhelmed me with praise... Hail Traveller... I heard whispered. 
Hail yourselves! For through you redemption will come! I transmitted to all their minds fuelling their drive and empowering their bodies with new energy. Then our attack began anew like fresh men were on the field. I walked towards the fallen Citadel as their defence became more frantic but I felt something approach... I moved my head and snatched from the air a slim missile, which was still active. Spinning on my heel I hurled it with all my strength back at the Citadel, I began to run and I could feel the Sphinx behind me. I called to mind a trick my older brother taught me; I followed the song in my head releasing energy into the air, synchronised with the song. My whole body tingled with electrostatic energy; three hundred Sphinx and I ran through a hole in reality unseen by others. The result, the sphinx were concealed from sight, and to the enemy it would seem like it was just me attacking the entrance and that the Sphinx had simply vanished. At that time Ra began her attack, a convenient distraction. The enemy would have to send more men there, thinking I had sent the Sphinx there, while I approached the massive gates. They looked well made but all it took was one well aimed strike. I thought as my fist landed upon the gates, it shuddered and nothing but crumbled pieces remained... With only a moments pause, I continued into the Citadel and quickly disembowelled the two gate attendants. A small force lay in formation ahead of me. 
We were in, I could feel Ra tearing through flesh and hear men screaming in rage and terror. I could feel the Sphinx become visible behind me, as Thalbeon's army attempted to take new ground. I reached into a pocket reality and pulled out my spear. A long staff with a viscous looking blade glimmering in the light. I noticed the surroundings, it was a partly closed courtyard with majestic pillars and a balcony lay above like a half moon, looking down to us. I saw marksmen come out of the shadows, their weapons aimed at us. I swung my head back, looking around and saw that more men had revealed themselves, surrounding us. Behind us our exit was clear but it was a path we would not take. Ra will lead the others to take out Citadel defences, so that Thalbeon could use our would be exit as an entrance. Fire! I heard from within the enemy ranks. I launched myself into the air spinning as I ascended and I created a type of void. It was a force that called to their weapons. Time had slowed down from my perspective and I wove the air into the desired attraction, still spinning as I did so. I felt the flow take hold and dropped to the ground; their weapons left their hands to collect as one large rotating mass above us all. 
As I landed I saw the second line, those holding more projectile weapons, move forward and they prepared to fire. I launched my spear at the man in the middle, running to catch up with it in flight. Fire!! I heard the call again. The Spear landed true sinking into the flesh of the speaker, were it remained as the man fell to the floor. With a thought I bid it to release electricity, shocking the men around it. What remained of the second line decided to aim for me, foolish mortals. I arrived in their midst, taking the nearest two off their feet with a sweeping kick. As I rose, I caught another with an uppercut, sending him high in the air. The two taken off their feet were still in the air, seemingly suspended in time. I brought my left fist around connecting with the body of one of them, sending him flying across the court. With my other hand I reached out and grabbed my spear, wrenching it from its mortal scabbard and I spun with it, spraying blood. The blood trail painted vicious arcs as I dismembered these opponents, until only one remained of the second line. I moved quickly to him, knocking him into the air before he had time to consider my advance. I jumped and caught him by his leg swung him around, and sent him towards the mass of weapons. The force was so great that he not only joined the mass, but also caused the mass to wedge itself into a nearby wall. I landed facing the Sphinx, who had barely moved through all this, sometimes I forget how well Travellers manipulate time; to them I would have seemed to be lighting quick. I smiled as I turned to face our mutual enemy, with my spear in hand. These mortals serve Tiamat only in delaying me, they need no longer die meaninglessly, not by my hand. I stood firm and faced them, retracting the spear's blade, turning it into a harmless looking staff.
Behold! Before you stand Sphinx and Traveller, attack if you dare, I called to all and silence sang their hesitation. 
Traveller, Leave these warriors to us, I heard the Sphinx call to my mind. 
"I will," I thought in reply. I had to face Tiamat, else this would not end well. I heard the Sphinx move into the appropriate formation, like a well-oiled machine, their motions smooth as always. The enemy began to advance on us, armed with all manner of weapons save projectile. 
Fight Sphinx, Fight! Fight to redeem your Mother!! I called with my voice and my mind, and I made my way towards the threshold at the other side of the courtyard. When I approached the enemy mass between me and my goal, I felt energy flow into me and my legs bunched. I launched myself into a flip, cracking the end of the staff on the head of one before me, and then I sent the staff forward, with quick pokes towards their legs. Some got hit while others got out of the way, it seemed that they were getting smarter. I stopped and traced a circle with the staff end on the ground around myself, preventing enemy attack and giving myself space. I allowed the staff to spin as it twisted itself up my body to my rising hands, cracking some men in the jaw. Walking through I spun the staff fast and hard, creating a painful 'v' and I passed through the enemy mass. Stopping the spin, I extended the staff brought it down hard on the face off one man as he collided with others. They gave me room as others left to join the battle behind me. I stopped the spinning with a loud thump on the ground, causing a small shock wave. The wave knocked off balance those that remained around me and I proceed unharmed through the exit, out the courtyard, deeper into the citadel.
I found myself in a huge domed room of immense size. Upon the ceiling were paintings of glorious episodes depicted by a great artist. The room was very imposing and poorly lit with dark corners, creating a mystery about the room; from the darkness came forth two figures, as tall as I am. Nuru and Nahab, identical in every way and they appeared before me in their true form, looking prepared to do battle. Nuru and Nahab approached me slowly, their dark reptilian skin seemed to glimmer in the dark. Their faces had no lips and only slits for noses, and Nuru the male, had smaller eyes than his sister, Nahab. Their eyes were heavy onyx and oblong, larger than normal. Each possessed on both arms an odd looking weapon, which was a shield that extended into a blade. They came at me and I ran at them, and all was silent save the sound of us running. Nuru lunged at me with the blade point at the front of his attack, I parried and ducked only have Nahab come from out of nowhere. She charged me with her shoulder, knocking me to the ground. I rolled with the fall and came up to my feet, to face a full attack and all I could do was defend; I brought my staff up, releasing the blade. With my spear fully formed, I brought it down in a diagonal slash... I can't win, not like this. I have to be careful... Nahab held the blade of my spear to the ground and I looked up to see Nuru bringing his blade to stab at me. Swiftly, I moved the other end of my spear to intercept and his blade pierced the staff, giving me a moment to escape that death trap, but my staff was battered and they had it. 
They stood before me laughing, relishing their anticipated win. I smiled as I reached once again into a pocket reality, unleashing my sword. My blade resonated with a deep hum, cutting off the laughter of the twins and yet they charged me once more, swinging at me in synch. I parried with my blade and slashed at their midsections, they jumped avoiding the attack. I have no other choice but to banish them... They came at me again, Nuru charged me on the ground while Nahab took to the air. As Nahab came at me, I spun on my heel avoiding her, bringing my blade up just in time to deflect most of her attack, while my shoulder bled freely. I mustered force and pushed her away, in time to shift my position, dodging an otherwise lethal blow. Nuru's blade rested in my side, he placed his foot on my chest and kicked me across the room. I landed hard on the ground, further opening the wound and my body ached. I got up smiling, they had given me what I needed to banish them, my blood. With my free hand I took some of my dripping blood and traced symbols on the ground. They knew what I was doing, so they rushed in for the kill; and so it was with great haste that I wrote the sigils on the ground...
Begone, I said, unleashing the banishing spell. A bright light and then darkness, all that remained where their empty bodies. I fell to the ground feeling very drained and my hair was much shorter, which was a sure sign that I had used a lot of my energy... My wounds would take too long to heal, I thought and I had no choice but to tap into the planet's circuit once again. I felt the force flow into me, my feelings expanded beyond and within. A flash of understanding came to me, I knew where I was and I knew what Tiamat planned and how she wanted to accomplish it. It was a machine and it was here, in this mirror of dimensions and the vision before me hazed and changed. Then I saw it, it was big with many parts and it stood vertically seeming to extend into the very centre of the planet. How is she fuelling such a machine, certainly not conventionally. More to the point, where is she?
I did not think thou wilt come, I heard Tiamat say as she appeared beside the machine. It was clear where the dragon myths came from; her body was long and she stood well over ten feet tall. Her leathery wings spread wide lazily, seeming to envelope the entire room. A veil covered her face and her skin covered was in thick dark scales.
Tiamat, self styled Mistress of Chaos. I recognised your work, I called to her. She had disrupted my link to the planetary circuit, prematurely halting my regeneration.
Ah! A fan, and yet this is thy work, Tiamat replied with a laugh. My work... What does she mean? The chaos thou hath unleashed drives my machine, she added and the room reverberating with her laughter. No it can't be true... Did she plan all this from the start, predicting my actions but how did she know? It is rumoured that she holds the book of destiny, perhaps there is some truth to this...
Why Tiamat! Why have you forsaken our Creator, our Father? I cried out, as I felt an unseen force hold me in place... This is a trap...
Thine father not mine, Tiamat began. Behold! Your cage, ye who scorn my father. Verily I say unto you, destruction shall fall upon thine kin, indeed it shall fall upon many that thou dost protect, she added as flames rose all around me. It cannot end like this...
Ra! Seth! I called. Get the T1 and everyone out of the area!! I asked and I felt their response. The room was filled with fire but it didn't burn and I felt something grab me, slowly creeping its way up my legs, within my body.
So you choose to destroy a Planet! I shouted. I have to do something... Maybe I could overwhelm her. I struggled to collect my thoughts, so I could concentrate the energy I needed. Confusion began to creep into me, distracting my thoughts and I knew that I was running out of time; a funny thought for a Traveller to consider.
Alas, it will come to pass that Gaia is split asunder, causing great pain to the spirit Terra and her children. Thine allies themselves shall unleash destruction upon thy treasured rock and this will sadden thy kin greatly. Thus we shall come to conquer and destroy them, the worthless meat sacks. Tiamat continued, while I mumbled words slowly releasing the Logos that I had collected, attempting to tear the veil of this dimensional trap.  Futile are thy trials for we pass between the ground and the heavens, between worlds of chaotic realities. My power not thine holds true in this place. Now I bid you, reveal your true form to thine allies... The image before me changed and I saw us in the skies above the Citadel, where the battle was still being fought. I saw Seth and despaired knowing her presence meant that they were unable to escape. Our bodies grew in size and I returned to my mortal form, the blood of giants strong in my mortal shell. I could feel my vessel and myself becoming one... 
People of Gaia! Behold!! Your Traveller. I heard Tiamat call. The battle came to a rest as all eyes turned towards us, unreal creatures of immense proportions floating above them. This has to stop now...
Be... I started to say as I noticed a haze around Tiamat, and she exited the trap as I uttered ...gone. The energy dissipated, wasted. 
Farewell, Tiamat called with a cruel laugh as she vanished. I felt Ra and Seth come into me and reunite my essence, and then an explosion came from below. The force was great, shaking the foundations of this fabric. There seemed to be no end to the blast as it grew eating at everything in its path. No it can't be... Gaia, forgive me, tears poured freely from my eyes. My body arched as I felt the pain of the planet, scorching fires on its every surface. All the memories were mine and then the fire died out suddenly. A new force came into play, it seemed to be pulling the planet into itself and stretching it at the same time, my bones racked in pain. Slowly Gaia was sucked in and I witnessed the destruction of a planet and the death of many. My eyes were dazzled by the light and when my sight returned I could see nothing. I was whole and remembered but where am I? Terra! I called with my mind but I heard no reply. Brothers... Sisters... My thoughts went out in every direction, sending out my call. Alas my brethren, I failed. 
************
Yes, it is a sad thing that she endures. Even now she is lost in ebb and flow of the Cosmos, contained with a limited pocket reality. No, even I do not know where she is... The dissonance conceals her presence from me. I feel a lot of sorrow for Oasis, he cares for his other a great deal and he has so far been searching the Cosmos along with other Travellers, to free their sister and to face the Confederation on other planets. No, Oasis does not want you to join the search; he wants you to remain here with the few that stayed behind, to prevent the confederation from destroying the pillars on Earth and winning this war. Right now, the Confederation has turned a great deal of attention on Humanity and your task is to help them. Be warned the enemy is very capable and their numbers far exceed that of the Travellers; also they do not follow the law that the Travellers and all other creation must abide. Yes, you are right. Humanity will rise up against any enemy, in fact I have recorded many of such accounts but one in particular comes to mind...
************


A TALE OF PERCEPTION
I am probably here and probably not, but my will to exist here and now makes it so... Do you attempt to challenge that will?  Adam
My breathing was steady even though I was running in pursuit of my target down an empty street. Had that been him or one of his thugs? What is this all about? I tried to consider all that I knew of my mission, then I turned into a littered street and I was greeted by silence; I had lost my target. I walked back towards my truck, black and gold the colours of my order, The Brethren, a growing African group charged with the honour of protecting the motherland. Highly trained and recognised by international states, we carried out missions as directed by our leaders; they called us peace soldiers and therein lay the paradox. I laughed to myself as I reached my truck, sitting in the drivers seat, I radioed the control tower...
Tower this is Bravo 252, I identified myself. Target has escaped, what does control recommend?
Bravo 252 this is Control, return to Base. 
I am pretty far from the Base and it would be a long journey back. I looked through the windshield towards the sky, the moon shone clear in the sky and it made my mind wonder My mission was to recapture an escapee, but I was sure other agents were in pursuit... To think that the world was once again in a state of crisis, with terror attacks increasing, nature raging against humanity with its fury and unexplained occurrences becoming everyday events. Without us our brethren would perish, this was why I couldn't understand why my target would be against us. He tried to destroy our base! Damn mad man, we've lost enough Brethren operatives as it is... These fanatics refuse to see reason My thoughts were interrupted by a phone call. Glancing at my mobile, I saw it displaying 'Unknown', and I answered the call with my hands free.
You give up too easily, a deep voice came from the other end and it wasnt a voice that I recognised.
Who is this? I asked and he laughed.
Turn right at the next intersection and continue until you see a warehouse, he said simply and then the line went dead. 
That wasnt my target, was it? My training suggests that I proceed with extreme caution, so I followed the directions and turned into what seemed like private land. After a few minutes of driving I entered the tree cover, until my truck could go no more. I stopped for a moment and considered alerting the base but I quickly disregard the thought. I turned off the engine and jumped out the car, my boots crushed nearby undergrowth; the road had merged into a footpath leading into the trees. I walked to the side of the truck and opened it, revealing why we were called soldiers of peace. I selected two pistols and secured them on my hips, I glanced momentarily at the experimental rifle. I grabbed it and started walking down the path through the trees, knowing my body armour would provide enough protection; it too was an experimental design. I will capture this target and General Tani will be pleased. Finally I saw it and the warehouse was imposing, it was a large metallic structure in a clearing surrounded by trees. I glanced down at my rifle and saw that the red LED was 'off', meaning that the pulse was armed. It would take too long too scope the entire perimeter first, so I proceeded through the threshold, into the building. There were a few lights high up in the ceiling and the warehouse looked cluttered... 
Your pulse rifle will not work here, I heard as a shadow passed across in the distance. I tried to shoot and the rifle sparked, I looked to the indicator and saw that the red LED was now 'on', so I tossed it aside and whipped out my pistols. That light was definitely 'off' when I checked last time. I heard him laugh, crazy fanatic. 
Show yourself! I called.
Showing my self is a tall order, besides youll only shoot at me, he replied.
Damn right! I shouted back. You just tried to kill the general and destroy the base!! 
Yes. I did, he replied, while I searched for where his voice was coming from.
Monsters like you is why I exist, I stated as I readied my pistols.
From your current point of view I guess you are right and I am a monster, but allow me to expand your understanding, he said as he stepped into view. He was a tall man and he was cloaked, his head and body were concealed; the sight of him seemed to twitch and I gripped my pistols tighter. 
You wish to fight me, he said simply. 
With my left hand I lifted my pistol and aimed, deliberately pulling the trigger. He moved too fast for my eyes and was already half the distance between us. I swung my right pistol, adding its rounds to the left, trying to track and predict his now zigzag approach. Before I knew it, he passed me and moments passed as his body breezed past mine, but before passing he tapped his finger on my forehead. Mad man, he's just trying to tease me. I swung the pistols round as he passed and he blocked my arm on the right and parried on the left, responding with an open palm at my chest. I twisted and spun on my heel bringing the butt of my pistol towards his head and he ducked but when he came back up, he faced the barrel of my pistol. For a moment it was silent and I felt a tingle at the back of my neck. I squeezed the trigger and two shots rang in quick succession, but he moved... He was so quick; he had knocked my arm away before I realised that I had missed. He grabbed my shoulder and planted his feet on my chest, pushing himself into the air, sending me hard to the ground a few feet away. The majority of force was deflected by the suit but still I hurt bad. I got up to see him standing within speaking distance from me. I held my guns limply at my side, they were useless against him, I couldn't kill him. I wouldn't even call this a fight, it seemed that I was outmatched. 
You can kill me anytime you want, why are you toying with me? I asked him and his image twitched again, instinctively I lifted my pistol.
I am probably here and probably not but my will to exist here and now makes it so, he started Do you attempt to challenge that will?  He offered. What the hell! This loony psycho is going off on one. I thought and raised my pistol, slightly.
Why did you attack the Base? Who are you? I asked.
Who I am is another tall order, let me simply say he replied, adding a short nod in acknowledgement. I am Traveller but you may call me Adam." The way he says it! Like it should mean something to me. It should, after all we have already met, not to mention the fact that your very genes know me. Did he just pick that from my mind? I exist outside of space-time, your mortal thoughts may not hide from me, Adam answered.
Stop that! What the hell is wrong with you, you maniac?! Why did you attack us? I screamed. Now I was getting really vexed. Whoa My head felt light for a moment... Maybe I should calm down.
Relax, in a few moments all will be revealed. Adam's voice trailed off, while my head felt like it was swimming... Suddenly I was on a rooftop garden, dressed casually with a sombrero on my head. It's a breathtaking scene but how did I get here? 
I brought you here to explain things to a calmer you, I heard Adam's voice as an image of him appeared. We are inside your mind with our mental selves, he explained, taking a seat beside me and picking up a margarita. Pretty sure that wasnt there a minute ago.
Thats your problem, you confine too tightly your limits of reality. What is real and what is unreal in a world of endless possibilities... Adam answered to my thoughts yet again.
Be that as it may, you still havent told me why you attacked us, I said and he looked at me with his odd eyes seeming to penetrate into me deeply. 
Your leader isnt who you think he is..." Adam began. At first he may have started with good intentions, but your kin are hated by The Orion Confederation. One of them has taken complete control of your leader and plans to bring about Armageddon, He added.
Hold on there mister. Are you trying to tell me you are the good guy and my leader is the bad guy? And you expect me to believe you?! I interrupted him.
The line that divides such sides is not so clearly drawn, he replied. What do you see? he asked me pointing at a lake that had just come into existence. 
A lake, I answered him.
What is around it? he asked and I looked.
Nothing just the lake. 
Are you sure there isnt a forest? he asked and I looked again certain that there wasn't, but it had changed and now there was a forest! In your mind I can't change what is, but always I see all there is, he added. At least your distortion of perception is balanced. I am now going to show you visions from the Akashic records of truths. You may think of it as a recording of your general but open your perceptions to all realities; now that you know what you see may not be all there is to be seen. Look now and see... he added as he stood gazing at clouds that began to collect together. 
Eventually I began to see images, it was General Tani and he was in his office handling paper work, nothing unusual here. Look deeper, the thought I felt seemed to say. I looked at the images again, which had now progressed through time and it was now darker, later in the day and that was when I first saw it. It was a beautiful being, its body shone like the purest crystal and it was segmented like an insect. Its clear crystal shone with colours that shifted between red, gold, blue and the faintest of green... I watched as days passed on video and always was that being present, apparently unnoticed by General Tani. 
The scene was now one of the conference hall at night. There were four guards, the general, the being and a representative from the New World Order. They seemed to be performing some kind of ritual and I saw colour from the being flow like a soft breeze towards General Tani; he levitated as the colour from the being seemed to fill him. His body began to spasm and he passed out. The guards quickly rushed to their General's side, neglecting the NWO representative. 
The crystal being walked to the NWO representative and calmly thrust its fist into the mans chest and he dropped instantly. The guards finally noticed and readied their guns. Too little, too late; the being slaughtered them like a deranged carnivore. When General Tani woke he saw the scene before him and quickly escaped, severing all connections of that night to himself. Around him was an aura I hadnt seen before, it was gold with a tinge of red and it sometimes changed colour like the being that followed him. 
The days that passed were the same, the murders grew in number and the general changed, I began to understand why some usual things had happened on the base. I also understood why it seemed that we had lost more operatives than were accounted for; it was so bad we had to recruit twice last season. Adam speaks the truth and with that thought, the video stopped and the sky cleared.
I believe you but what do you want from me? I asked.
I have given your being knowledge, a knowledge that will reveal itself to you with understanding and as time goes by you will know your role in service, but first you must stop General Tani, Adam replied.
Any ideas? 
Loads but the quickest way to put it would be, stop him at all costs.
Very helpful... How much time do I have? 
Not very long, he plans on using HARRP technology to destroy North America in an attack against the NWO, the deaths and blood will give him enough energy to open a large enough dimensional gateway for an invasion, Adam explained. No more than half an hour from now. 
What the hell?! I replied. "You're just telling me this now! And what did you mean by knowledge and service anyway? 
When the time is right you will know, however, if you seek you will find. 
Your armour is a good design but it is lacking in some areas, I have modified it to improve your chances of survival. When you wake you will find your rifle and pistols missing, their elements have been merged and forged into an indispensable blade. You will need it for your mission. I have given you my knowledge of martial arts to add to your own, among your kin your skills are now beyond remarkable, Adam informed.
There is a cloak by a door near where you will wake, cover yourself with it before you pass through the door. If you do not, you will surely die. The door will lead you through the hidden ways, I have plotted your path so you only have to stay on the road but be cautious and do not wander off the path. It will take but moments of your time to reach your destination but it will be instantaneous in this continuum. Any questions? 
So... How much time do I have left? 
That depends, time is relative, Adam answered with a laugh In the realm of the discarnate time doesnt pass as you would understand. Any more questions?" 
Why are you doing this? I asked and he smiled as the vision began to fade. 
There was a bright light and suddenly I was back at the warehouse and I was sitting with my back to a crate. On my left side was the door Adam spoke about with a cloak on the ground beside it. On my right was a blade in a scabbard; I got up, picked it up and unsheathed it, revealing the blade. It looked like no other blade on Earth and I noticed its odd curves on the reverse. There were also five markers, which glowed a dull red. It was silver with a shinny blade and there was a groove on the hilt like a trigger. Scabbard in one hand, I raised the blade and held it vertically, its point in the air; I pulled the trigger and it roared. I felt a wave wash over me and I noticed the blue shimmer of the blade and the red glow of one of the markers. I brought the blade down in a true arc across the crate and for a moment nothing happened Then the groan of the wood was heard as the top half slid to the ground. 
Sharp blade, I thought, as I walked towards the door. I wore the cloak and strapped my new weapon, facing the very normal looking door with a golden handle, considering my new mission. I believed in its truth and I believed it was right. I had felt a nagging before which had now ceased, now that I knew the truth. I guess I always knew, maybe I never truly believed in this new anti-NWO Brethren. Adam would probably say 'it is all about perception, your perspective, my perspective', and with that thought, I turned the knob and opened the door. It was utterly dark and the little light given off by the path before me was all but eaten by the darkness. There was nothing to do but walk and so I walked, but as I followed the path I thought... I had always believed in my purpose and myself, everything else was just a condition, this was the reality that I believed. After the short walk, I saw another door, my exit. This place felt uncomfortable, like creatures watched me from beyond and I was grateful to leave. 
I turned the knob, crossed the threshold and found myself inside a building. I squatted behind a crater and scoped the area. I knew where I was and it was definitely not Africa, I thought, as I saw snow falling on the other side of the window. Was this Section Twelve? A new project, a building for implementing and maintaining Brethren cells, but as far as I knew it was still under construction.
There was a work station ahead of me but there were military men everywhere and then I saw General Tani. If he is here, then here is where the problem will be solved. I continued to scope the room and I noticed another access point not far from my current position. Quickly, while maintaining cover, I made my way and retrieved information on the building and its occupants. I confirmed what I had thought, this was Section Twelve and the console for the launch of the HARRP systems was in this building, on the top floor. My plan was simple, head to the console and nullify the threat, then arrest General Tani for interrogation. 
I could see the service elevator not far from here, well let us put the Traveller's talk of reality to the test. I believed I was invisible and I strolled in plain view towards the elevator. Maybe it worked, maybe it didnt, whatever the case I wasnt seen and so I continued up the building towards the console. I got there to find the being waiting for me. It stood in all its glamour in front of the console and I would have to get through it, but without knowing how, I knew a truth. It was half itself so half its strength. It may have heard my thoughts the way it laughed and it approached me calmly, as I had seen it do to others. I could no longer control my rage towards it, this thing that killed my brethren. 
Stand aside or die, I said to it as I drew my blade. I saw its face make a gasp and then it smiled as it continued its approach. I pulled the trigger, the blade roared and the being shrieked. I ran at it and I slashed upwards, it dodged, so I moved with the motion of the blade into a lunging attack, which pierced what seemed like mist and the being dispersed. I found myself beside the console and the being reappeared at the other side of the room. It was going to try to distract me, so I had to be quick. With my free hand I keyed in commands, knowing General Tani would be making his way up here soon. The being approached again as calmly as before, chuckling this time. I hit enter on the keyboard after finishing a string of commands DENIED. Damn it. I could hear General Tani coming down the hall. Hell, the way I see it if he cant use the console, he cant launch. With that thought I brought my blade down on the console destroying the system, and just then General Tani opened the door. 
Shade, what are you doing here? When did you get to Greenland? General Tani asked. 
I know what you are up to, your plans are ruined give yourself up, I replied ignoring his question and he smiled.
Yes you may have destroyed a part of the plan but North America will still fall. I have in my hand the detonator for the HARRP systems, with that region in their sights. All I need to do is tell it when to engage and boom! General Tani answered with a cruel laugh.
What happened to you? You used to have a dream to protect our people I started to say but then I saw the truth, the being controlled him completely and he had little choice. He was already dead, may his soul rest in peace. Meanwhile, Ill prepare his body to follow.
Humanity calls and cries for help Help me, oh help me... I am so weak... But still they murder the very being that carries them through space-time. They are like parasites, take, take, take, that is all a human knows. Well I have a solution, I kill two thirds of the population to ease the land and subdue your people with an overwhelming invasion. That way, well be right here to help you General Tani trailed off into maniacal laughter. Pompous shit.
We are not parasites, we try to work with our planet. You however, are the definition of a parasite; using another's body to do your will, today you will die, I said dryly as I walked towards him.
Death is meaningless to me, I will be reborn. Come at me, General Tani said, materialising a blade out of thin air and then he charged.
He attacked me, I parried and he returned with a stab to the midsection. I blocked and sent a left hook at his face, but he jumped out of the way. We circled for a few moments and then he charged me with his blade firmly pointed at me, but I flipped over him. The instant I landed, I moved to slash  with my blade but he parried, spun and punched me hard in the back; it sent me across the room, into the bookshelf. My blade lay between us and my body felt broken, but then I felt a feeling wash over me, like there was new energy flowing through me. What was once General Tani walked towards me and yet I felt like I could do anything, run across the country, swim against the strongest currents He stood right there, in front of me and lifted me off my feet. I could do anything, even defeat this being, I believed it and so it was real. I felt something different in my body armour like a vibration, a running engine. The flow I had felt before but much stronger and he glared at me, so I grabbed his head and pulled it in for a head butt, which took him by surprise. I pulled my legs together as I fell and released a double kick on his midsection, sending him a few steps back, then I got up and faced him. We approached each other, he swung a right hook that I blocked and returned, aiming for his face but he slapped it down with his free hand. He swung again with his right, I ducked and landed my right squarely in his side, he brought his elbow to my head knocking me off balance. He is coming at me, I can feel him... I thought as I regained my balance and blocked a kick to the head, followed by one to the side. I blocked the latter with my leg, spinning with it into a round house that he ducked. I felt my body move faster than ever, light as air, firm as stone. He lunged with a punch and I sidestepped catching him in the jaw; we swapped sides. He kicked at my legs but I moved and spotted a roundhouse sneakily following his kick. I dropped into a sweep and took him off his feet but before he could land, I mustered all my force into my right hand and landed a punch on him midair. The force sent him across the room, through tables and chairs leaving a bloody trail. I walked toward him picking up my blade on the way. I was bloodied, bruised and drained, the rush of energy I felt seemed to have all but vanished and I felt like I had been used to break furniture.  He rose and moved to stand by the grand window. I saw the spectre of the being join the body, leaving its previous position as spectator. Even through all the blood he was still smiling; is this the face of evil? 
You will not stop me," General Tani screamed as he jumped out the window and sprouted wings, holding the detonator in his hand. I couldn't let him use HARRP, and without a second thought, I ran, screaming as I jumped out the window giving chase. I pulled the trigger of the sword like a maniac, slashing in every direction. Blood and pieces of flesh filled my vision, until I heard the being scream no more; but then I realised that I was falling. I must die for the world to be saved, is this really how it ends? At least I will pass knowing I accomplished my mission and saved my brethren, then I felt a thought in my head that wasnt my own.
Death is a perspective young lady, Adam said.
Is this what you had planned for me? For me to end here? I asked.
To this time-space you will seem to die but your mission isnt over yet, I will send you to a place, and you will be known as the Golden Warrior, a title befitting your new form. 
I don't understand... I interrupted.
Seek out one named Ayotola Johnson. The ground was fast approaching... Well this is it... Goodbye beautiful world, thanks for having me. I hit the ground but I continued to fall, I was nowhere and then suddenly I was standing in the middle of a field. I gazed at my hands in shock, my skin had become golden.

************
Adam has begun recruiting a team on the planet to face the attack of the Confederation but alas most of Humanity is oblivious to what is going on and as always the Law of One limits his actions. Shade went on to become a legend in many worlds and she was known by them as the Golden Warrior; and as Empress she was at the siege of the Citadel on Gaia and even visited the world of Aleia but that is an account for another time. General Tani was possessed by a Maget, a junior less-known member of the Orion Confederation, he is the begotten of the daughter of Nuru. Hold on too many questions at once! All will be clear in time, do not rush it, your memories will be replenished with time. Since, time depends on perception to Travellers and all who abide in this realm, time is on your side, so be patient. As I was saying, the Human Traveller went on to recruit others and he went to a particular Human male that caught his attention but as usual his actions were limited...
************


A TALE OF AWAKENING
"What is real and what is unreal in a world of endless possibilities is pointless." -- Adam
Finally my transport reached its destination, oddly enough our destinations didn't coincide. This was but a half way point and I wondered how long I would have to wait until the next transport.
Midway station, all change please, came a call from the driver, as the bus rolled to a halt. After a few moments negotiating my way, I disembarked. I walked a little distance to an open area. There were others there, enjoying the warm air this morning. Dragging my little case behind me, I joined the group a little distance away from the majority congregation. I parked my case and unbound my locks, letting my hair drop freely from my head, they had grown and looked a little unkept; a testimony of my time in solitude on the island. I thought back to the last few months... The nature island of Dominica was a relatively untouched beauty among the buzz of civilisation. I almost spat the words out but held my tongue. I am not a rebel, neither am I against the status quo. I am simply very aware of the alternative, still I will be judged by my words and my actions. No man could ever see into my heart and so they will never know my true intentions. I guess in the truest sense, it is only there that we are truly alone. I had once heard a quote ' a man can never be an island unto himself...'. I guess a man even in his most disconnected was always connected to the all; but a man surrounded could also be alone and a man alone could also be surrounded. The previous events were the final straw that broke the camel's back, spawning my decision of entering into solitude. With that I contacted the high commission and arranged my journey. 
I requested and acquired a small residence on a cliff side at the edge of the island, able to see the open sea and the beautiful island, all within a three sixty degree perspective. The lodging itself was very conservative, a design by a man called Fresco. It reminded me of other designs I had witnessed in some metropolitan areas, in attempt to consolidate space and resources. This however was in a league of its own; it had ample space, yet a very conservative and practical design. I was told there were a few other designs around the island and I saw them all but this was by far the most well suited for my needs... My mind was jerked to the present when I received a phone call...
Hello, I heard my Godfather say.
Hello, I replied.
Where the hell have you been?! Don't you know your parents were killed!! The authorities have been looking for you!! my Godfather screamed down the phone. I had almost forgotten. Two of the founders of Olympus, my Mum and Dad are gone and those fools think I had something to do with it... I've had to cover for you, the share holders are itching to share your spoils! It's chaos here. Where are you? I'll... He was interrupted by my finger ending the call. Vultures... Truly all that is in this world is vanity. My parents death was a result of vanity and now that vile ego of the culprits seeks to finish the job. I know Olympus is involved but I don't know how or why, not yet any way... I had considered it while in solitude. I remembered a day, the most memorable of all my days throughout my solitary experience. It was the day I first met him and my mind drifted... 
I looked around me, noticing first the Moon low in the sky. Its time was over, turning east I could see the glare from a Sun that had not yet crested. It was a pretty sky and I walked towards the only seats in this open area. They were tall seats like you would find in a bar and most seats were vacant so I chose one, particularly because of its neighbour. I sat and gazed yonder but only for a moment...
Excuse me, could you please pass me the paper? a female voice asked me. I looked to my left and grabbed the metropolitan paper and passed it her way, not without noticing and imprinting the image of a close friend. The paper read, ' arrested for obstruction of justice...' That will be a big blow to his corporation... Although my moments recognition was just that, a moment, she noticed. Do you know him? 
Yes, he is the son of one of the founders of the Olympus programme and my friend. I replied.
My apologies, I am sure he will be found innocent, she offered, with a smile.
Thank you, I replied I am Tola.
Sheena, she replied offering her hand. I took it softly, brushing her soft smooth skin. Ouch!! she screamed as she jerked back her hand.
Static charge, I said with a smile. She had a slight frown, as if convinced I had played a bad joke. She was pretty and I couldn't quite place her origins; she had reddish hair, but it also looked brown and her eyes held my gaze as I absorbed its beauty. Sorry about that, it happens with me from time to time. I have been learning to control it for the past few months, I said trying to offer and explanation.
Not so well, obviously. Sheena replied pointedly. 
So where have you travelled from? I asked attempting to change the conversation.
Just a little north, Sheena replied simply. Yourself?
Dominica. 
That's a long way from here! What were you doing out there?! 
I guess I was like the Australian Aboriginals would say, collecting my stories,
Oooh, a writer! I like stories!! Sheena said excitedly. Since we are going to be here for a while, you could tell me a story.
Well I could tell you a most remarkable story, a true story. In fact, it is something that happened very recently, I don't have a name for it, but would you like to hear it? I offered.
Alright, go on. 
I spent the last three months in solitude for a variety of reasons. One morning while I was going through my morning ritual, stretching and renewing my body. I followed through routines taught to me by my Father years ago. Then I noticed there was a man unlike any other watching me. He stood on the right of the house, but not close enough for me to make out his features. He slowly walked towards me, leaning every so often on the stout cane he carried. He was completely bald and was dressed in an unusual manner. It didn't seem like he came from civilisation.
I thought this was a story, c'mon get to the good stuff, Sheena interrupted.
Patience, it'll come in good time, I answered. It was a hot day and I was bare save a pair of Kente shorts. He wore a sleeveless short cotton coat about knee length and it was buttoned to the side. The same material was used for his baggy pants and on his feet were the simplest sandals. Like I said, I was in solitude and the venue was the most remote I could find, meaning I wasn't expecting company. Now my parents had only recently been killed...
What?! Did they catch the killer? I am really sorry to hear that... Sheena interrupted.
It's ok, the case is still under investigation. I am sure now you can see why I did what I did next. I was worried that he was sent to kill me, so I grabbed the axe I had driven into the tree stump nearby and walked briskly to intercept this intruder. Thinking about it now that really wasn't the best action. As we approached each other I began to hear him chuckle, when I was close enough I threw the axe at him and ran after it... I heard him shout, asking me if I really wanted to fight just as the axe missed him. The next was a blur and all I remember was laying on the ground, watching the sky above. 
He kicked your ass! 
Yes he did, but oddly enough he didn't kill me. Instead he offered me a hand and helped me up. He told me he had been searching for me and that he had teachings to give to me. I was still sceptical, however, if he wanted me dead I would be, so I gave him some time. He guided me towards the cliff, sat me down and he told me some things that astounded me. He sympathised with my loss and added that he was most worried about my well-being and then he asked about the headaches and the static discharge. I told him, what began next was weeks of concentrated training. Mind, body and soul he said, must always remain aligned in harmonious unity. He spoke to me of Logos, the life force, the word and the flow. He told me of cases of electromagnetic radiation released form individuals that influenced matter, I had heard of them before in conspiracy theories and they were called Neomen. He also told me of other phenomena around the world and explained that my case was not so different. My training ended and he was gone.
Is that it? That's a horrible story! 
Well the story isn't done yet, I completed my training and returned to civilisation. Now I am here talking to a rather attractive woman. 
Don't even try, Sheena said with a smile Wow, so you're a real life Neoman? What can you do? 
I will tell but first, tell me a little about you. 
Not much to tell, I am from Trinidad, I studied Linguistics and Philosophy. Oh and I practice Shaolin.
You are more interesting than you let off. You must have quite an inquiring mind... I started to say but my statement was interrupted by a ring tone. I reached for my phone as she reached for hers, it seemed we both had calls. My screen displayed 'unknown'. 
Hello, I said down the phone.
I hope you haven't forgotten your training, I heard a voice and instantly I recognised it for my mystery tutor.
No, I practice every day. 
When the wind howls the mountains remain unmoved, however, if the wind is precise and persistent it will wear down the mountain, he said ending the call. My mind mused over the idea that he had proposed. I looked over to Sheena, she had also ended her call.
Wrong number? She asked.
It was him, I replied a little dazed, where had he been for the past six weeks. I spent some time with him but still I didn't know who or what he really was. Besides that didn't sound like his usual jovial self, something is wrong...
Who? The man you just told me about? 
When the wind howls the mountains remain unmoved, however, if the wind is precise and persistent it will wear down the mountain. Does this mean anything to you? 
Hmm... Sheena said, as she repeated the phrase under her breath thinking it over and finally she declared that it was a warning. Think about it, the wind is a force, a kinetic. The mountain is at rest and a potential. A single effort of the wind will not change the mountain but persistence will wear it down, erode it. 
I see, so the message is to stand ground and disperse the force. But what is the force? 
Well you did say you were worried someone was after you. Sheena said, just then I saw a few suits come into view. Shit! This is what he warned me about. Well Im ready for them this time, he taught me many tricks. Especially if you are a wanted man Sheena added. I didn't tell her I was wanted, I turned to face her and found myself facing the barrel of a gun. 
Damn... She's an agent and she was so cute. I should have realised... Without another thought I vaulted myself over the chairs, no doubt discharging some static onto the metal bar along the way. Heads turned to see the commotion and screams soon followed upon recognition of Sheena's gun. I pushed the chairs down increasing Sheena's clumsiness in the commotion. The suits managed to catch up as I made my way, away from Sheena. They approached and had me surrounded... 'When the wind howls the mountains remain unmoved, however, if the wind is precise and persistent it will wear down the mountain...', then I will load the wind with everything I have... I stood my ground keeping equal attention on all my assailants. I reached into my pockets and pulled out the shock gloves I purchased on my way here. They had a powerful charge, even more so when added to my freakish discharges. I clenched both fists releasing charge in a warning. They surrounded me with the sound of retractable batons. So their orders were to bring me in alive that was always good to know. I quietened my mind and began to enter the state taught to me by my mystery tutor. He called it a resonant state that unifies mind, body and spirit. Making my fighting technique less like a technique and more like instantaneous reactions. They advanced slowly and I stood to my full height, fists held up at the ready. 
Two came at me from opposite sides... I stepped back and dodged an attack from the left, countering by twisting him towards the line of attack of the other assailant. I followed with a kick sending them both to the ground. They came again, this time four attacked but three came first and I blocked the first attack from my right, unbalancing him. I sent him to the ground with an open palm, spinning to present the attacker from behind with the same fate. He collided with another, leaving one more swinging wildly at me and with his baton in his right hand, he swung a downward diagonal aimed for my head, which I parried with my right fist. Then I brought my left fist into his side with full force, releasing some static charge in the process. In a smooth motion, I brought my right fist to follow, focusing my natural static charge as I did so and my fist contacted his face. The burst of combined charge charred his face and the force of the resultant blow sent him flying into his comrades. They were a little hesitant now, the commotion was clearing and they all approached slowly but surely. I bent and picked up two metal batons, they would be charged as a result of contact. A mighty wind that howls at me the mountain, and I will face them. 
There were twenty of them, well nineteen now, with their charged brother twitching on the ground a short distance from me; he isn't dead but he would be in hospital for a while. They circled me and I ran at them and they at me. I flipped, bringing my heel down hard on the head of one, leaving him unconscious. I swung to the right and took another off his feet, spinning with the motion I brought my left fist down on his stomach. I carried the motion and caught another with the full force of my fist in his stomach, I lifted him and threw him at two others. Five down... a few more came at me, I sharply rapped the batons across their faces sending them down quickly. Seven left... They too carried two batons, seeking to have equal ground. They made a rough circle around me and approached cautiously. I ran at one and they all came at me at a more hurried pace. I chucked a charged baton at my target, following it with a knee to his face. I propelled myself into the air, launching myself on top of another, while I chucked the other baton, which connected firmly with a head. I ran at the only one left who now blocked my exit as the others got up and followed, then I heard the shot of gunfire and I ducked, tucked and rolled. I came up with an upper cut knocking out my would be warden at the exit.
Tola stop!! I heard Sheena shout. Another shot rang out and I felt a pinch in my thigh and I dropped to the ground in a clumsy tumble. Serves me right bringing gloves to a gunfight. I placed my hand over the wound, my mystery tutor would say ' matter is energy, energy is matter. It's all a matter of perspective, all interacts with one and consciousness prevails...' or something like that. It took all my will to control the flow within me and I tried to use it to force the bullet out so that my body could heal. He had told me that this was an ancient technique used by masters, it took effort but it worked, even if it was a little too late... They had me surrounded and subdued, I guess I needed more training.
************
I felt myself more than I saw myself. I was real and intangible, the world around me was a smoky haze. Beyond this haze I could see the Cosmos and all was present. Where am I? I thought and then I heard a call and felt a presence. Tola... I heard the voice call out to me. 
My mystery tutor, is that you? Where am I? I asked.
I see you didn't get my message, He replied, and the brief telephone conversation we had flashed to mind while the memory of the rest of the events that transpired followed.
Am I dead? I asked, oddly uncaring about the answer.
No but your thoughts and words are one and the same here. We are in your mind. Then where is my body I wondered. Your body is chained to a bed, inside a van, on its way to a holding cell. I felt the stir of a familiar emotion. My message was simple, know when to run and know when to fight. You fought on when you should have ran. As he spoke, I recalled the moment he spoke of: I had just punched one of my attackers into his friends and my exit was clear, but I chose to stay and fight, was that why I was captured? Well why didn't he just tell me that? You had to discover for yourself the perfection and necessity of balance between the two but in this case you must fight to run so you can fight, He added sounding a little amused. I can only guide you, you must make your own choices. Anyway your chains have been weakened, the rest is up to you, He concluded after taking his time to regain composure.
Slowly I returned to awareness, I felt the world in motion and there was a deep rumble, with my eyes closed I considered what I remembered. I am Dominican, I finished my solitude and then I met Sheena. She and her friends captured me... My brain felt a little murky, they must have drugged me. I extended my senses listening and feeling; I was in a van and I sensed that there were other vans because of the chatter I heard on the radio. Four people guarded my body but I felt no tension in the atmosphere, it could be because I am not expected to be awake. Good, I have the element of surprise, that's always handy. I felt another deep rumble, it was definitely something heavy; maybe a passing train, we might be near train lines. I brought my attention inwards and considered myself. My gloves were missing, well I guess I will have to make do. I felt a little odd but I could still feel my flow. It was like my own body sang to me in its own rhythm and I knew the drug was leaving my system as surely as I knew my name. It is time...
Release me!!! I roared as I snapped free of the rusty chains like flimsy paper. I could see shock in their eyes and remorse. Too late. Without hesitating I lunged at the one facing me, knocking his head hard on the side of the van and I grabbed his pistol. Promptly starting a mostly one-sided gunfight in the van; I just noticed a shot, which missed me and shattered the window behind, the shooter was quiet after that... All four silent in death. The front of the van however was in chaos and there was a barricade of sorts separating me from them. They panicked, driving recklessly as a result, and the van holding me was dangerously close to the car in front... They are going to crash, I have to get out of here. I climbed through the shattered window and jumped. I leapt clear just as the van previously holding me flipped and collided with the vehicle in front, finishing with a blast. I stood on the bridge for a moment contemplating my actions. I have mixed feelings about this. I turned to see the rest of the convoy arriving with haste, swerving carelessly as men jumped out. I see, they want to play again, well I don't feel like playing right now. From the corner of my eye I caught the glimmer of the clasp securing my case and I could also see a train approaching. I'll have to leave the case, it doesn't have anything important anyway. I thought to myself as I ran towards the side of the bridge. It helps at least that I know they don't want me dead but I can't fight them all, not this time. I vaulted myself over the protective barrier and I heard sounds rushing to me. The train was the loudest and approaching fast but I could hear my pursuers screaming as they ran at me. For a moment it seemed time itself was still and I was suspended in the air, falling into the open coal carriage of the train passing underneath. I landed on it and was quickly carried away from my pursuers. 
In the early hours of a new morning, I lay down in an open field overlooking a large lake. My head propped up by the roots of a big tree at the inner edge of an enclosing forest. I had escaped with my life and freedom... The sounds of the surroundings filled my ears, from the critters that curiously approach, to the birds overhead... All seemed to enjoy living... But what am I to do? I needed to return to my fathers house but the Brethren will definitely be guarding it. I am surely now branded as a terrorist, I can't go to the company since they'd expect that... I have killed many... What will I do...? My thoughts trailed off and I saw an odd sight. Electrical discharge... no this is different, and it seemed to come from nowhere. It concentrated into a ball of electric fire, brighter than the Sun in its light, with hints of patterns and colours. A dark vertical line appeared and opened revealing what looked like a doorway. A figure came from it and crashed into the lake and soon after, the patterned light vanished into the nothing it came from. Without thinking I rose to my feet, making my way to the lake just as a figure walked out. The figure was gold and black, and  shone like a precious stone, as it approached I realised it was a golden woman. Her black hair shone in the light, her skin was golden and she wore a suited armour of a Brethren; stranger still that I felt unafraid. She was armed like she was entering battle with a hilt extending above her shoulder. Two pistols on her hip and two large daggers on her waist, and she also carried a backpack. Beads of water rolled off her body as she walked angrily towards me, muttering under her breath. 
He did it again didn't he, didn't he?!  she screamed angrily at the sky and then her eyes snapped to me, just as quickly as her left hand snapped to its pistol; and with the pistol still in its holster she approached me with a fixed gaze. Who are you? What is this place?
Err, you're not going to pull that are you? I asked, she rolled her eyes and snapped the pistol to aim directly at me.
Answer my question, she commanded.
Well if you must know,  I am Tola and we are in South America, I think, I replied. You're Brethren? 
A long time ago, perhaps. Tola, as in Ayotola Johnson? she asked after a long pause and I nodded in reply wondering how she knew my name. I see, I am Shade, she introduced while putting her pistol to bed. She walked towards my tree and dropped heavily to the ground by the roots. I stood motionless taking in this very unusual experience. 
Shade, I called as I walked towards her lounging by the tree. She seemed to be unconcerned about the whole thing, definitely not as volatile as before and her gaze was towards the skies. How do you know me? Where did you come from? I asked. What are you? 
Shade sighed and motioned for me to sit by her with her hand.  She looked to be a paradox more so than a thorny rose; beauty, grace, poise, belligerence, strength and death, all these ideas she portrayed in that one simple action. 
You are my reason for being here, now, Shade replied. My journey all began in the age of Aquarius, 21st December 2055 to be exact. I'll never forget that day. It was the day I met him, she spat out the last sentence with an odd mixture of disgust and admiration. I also killed my possessed General that day and I never saw either of them again. Since, then I have passed through many worlds and experienced many things. Over time, I have come to see the reason for my experience; there are things that exist that you wouldn't believe. Still, sometimes I wonder, am I nothing more than a pawn, in some elaborate chess piece? 
So you are human? I asked. Shade burst out laughing like I made the best of jokes.
Very much so. Never mind my appearance it's all part of my experience. My turn, what is the date? 
It's the 2nd of April 2056. I replied. Shade burst out laughing even harder, as tears rolled down her eyes.
What is so funny? I asked getting a little irritated.
Oh... It's nothing... I am finally home and it seems that I have been gone for only a handful of months, if only... Shade trailed off now more solemn in thought.
Why... How did you come to be here? 
You ask lot of questions don't you, well I guess it can't be helped, Shade replied I actually don't know, it always sort of unfolds with time, maybe my journey has finally ended and I am home. Somehow I don't feel that is the case, last thing I remember was in a different world. I was in a battle leading my allies against our enemy, bodies littered the ground and then I am here, swimming in that lake, she added pointing to the lake in front of us. Her story is remarkable, I wondered forgetting my own troubles. Why are you here, Ayotola? she asked, interrupting my drifting mind, and wrenching it back to reality.
Me, I am on the run from some serious trouble. Your people are among those who are after me, I am most likely on the most wanted list. My family even now fights over my dead parent's wealth... I don't know what to do... I answered The only thing keeping my alive is this freakish static! I added with rage, releasing a ball off light as I brought my hands together. Whoa, weird, I said as I stared at my hands, it had never done that before.
Curious. You are able to use Logos, Shade said, intensely looking at me. I see...
What?! I exclaimed What do you see? I asked, rising to my feet as I did so.
Calm down, there are things I can't speak of yet, however, believe me when I say there are things that exist beyond the comprehension of our current civilisation, or what you would call reality, Shade said as she rose to her feet and reached into her backpack.
I looked away and considered her words, and when I returned my attention to her, I was taken back, Shade had concealed her battle gear with a cloak that looked like an all-weather poncho. She had the hood up and all that was visible was her golden face. She reached back into her bag as she continued: There are strings and there are wheels and you are caught in between but your destiny awaits you. When I look at you, I feel it and I know that I am here to help you, she said as she painted her face giving it a bronzer, more human look and then she concealed her nose and mouth. She looked nothing like the creature that walked out of the lake, I was speechless, as I saw this transformation before my eyes; the truth was completely concealed.
So where shall we go? Shade asked.
I don't know, I replied flatly.
What don't you know? Shade asked, persistently.
What on Earth is going on?! I don't know why they are really after me. 'Cos if it was just the money I would be dead by now... I answered, feeling overwhelmed by the enormity of my plight.
Would you like to know? 
And so we began our journey to know... We crossed the waters into the North American Union, seat of the New World Order, no one looked at Shade any more than they would have looked at any other person. We were on board a high-speed train towards Olympus, a city and a mega-corporation. If it exists, I will find evidence of the truth there. I know that they'll be waiting, but now I have a friend. Shade sat by me resting her eyes, it was a wonder we hadn't been spotted and attacked yet. The train stopped at Olympus city and as we walked into the main hall, I glanced at the screens. With each second that passed I wondered if I would see my face on the screen and it made me nervous. I felt reassured as I remembered that I had a very well seasoned soldier as a friend, and together we walked the hallway, passing through the unguarded exit. I wonder what happened to Tim Sinclair, last I saw of him was in the papers and he was in trouble with the law like me.
Something is wrong, Shade whispered to me.
It's fine we made it here didn't we? I need to grab a paper from that store, can you call us a cab? I replied. Shade nodded and walked towards the main doors, while I took a right through a short tunnel to the shops. I walked to the newspaper vending machine, deposited a coin and grabbed a paper. I glanced at it... 'What has Sinclair got to declare' the front page read. I turned around and slowly lifted my head to see two big men wearing shades facing me.
Ok... I trailed off. They looked at each other and I looked around finding others closing in on me. Not again!! The two in front reached for me, I ducked and dove between them rolling the paper into a tube along the way. I got up and sharply kicked one to fall clumsily on the other but now I needed to bail. I started to make my way to the right, a short cut to the exit. 
Damn... Was all I could say as I saw that most of the people at the station were coming at me. What the hell?! Are they all agents or am I in a really bad zombie film. I turned and bolted the other way; I don't know and I don't want to know. An enemy stood in my path, I stabbed at him with my newspaper, smashing his shades... His eyes were missing, just empty eye sockets. No freaking way?! They are...
Drones! I screamed as I ran. No way they were sending these mindless H-type Drones after me. This technology is way beyond illegal. I exited the tunnel and found surrounding me a mass of these creatures. Ok, I guess I need to fight my way out... I centred myself, took a stance and observed. Those I had knocked down got back up, slowly but seemingly unaffected. I heard a commotion to my right towards the main exit. Then I saw her, fully covered in her black cloak wielding a metal pole, she leapt into the air throwing a few of those things off her. I ran to help her swinging and poking repeatedly with my newspaper, until we were back to back. We need a plan. I looked at the now tattered paper... Well I guess I'll never know what Sinclair had to declare... the thought brought a smirk to my face. Newspapers and their slogans, at least I know now they can be a pretty good weapon but I had a better weapon. I dropped the paper and lifted my fists. It's time to believe, I need my gift to save my life. 
Tola these creatures are not human, Shade observed.
Excellent observation! I replied. They are laboratory cultured beings, you can think of them as drones, executing specific commands.
That is one side of the coin, Shade replied There are thin filaments reaching out from them, it reminds me of my General. Either ways we can't fight them all. 
Another great observation, I replied as I blocked incoming attacks. I placed my palm on the chest of one attacker, centre... release. I saw a flicker of light and I felt a powerful force propel my victim into those behind him. They really were clumsy and that gave me an idea. I looked over to Shade and found her fighting off the creatures easily with nothing but grace and a metal pole. I fought my way towards her new position and then I saw the flashing red and blue outside the main entrance. Shade and I found ourselves back to back once again.
Shade, the cops are outside maybe we should introduce them to our friends, I said to her By the way, is it just me or are they not as big as before? I added, as I looked around and observed our attackers.
And faster, Shade answered keeping her eyes on her enemy, holding steady her beaten and bent pole. I think with less mass its controllers can move it more freely, we definitely need to get out of here.
I need your help. First we have to get a little closer, just round the corner. So its a straight line, I told her. Then I need a bit of time. 
Shade turned her head to look at me, I could tell that she was smiling because her eyes smiled. The enemy began another attack and we fought hard, as they got faster and remarkably stronger. I surrounded my fist with my static and my legs felt light with it, my movements were sure, precise and swift. Each attack a knockdown, giving myself space to inch round the corner. I knew Shade played her part, I wouldn't have survived this long if she wasn't here. It's time... That was when I heard a metallic sound cut through the room. I looked up to see Shade wielding her large daggers. 
Hurry they are getting much stronger, She said and her voice carried to me. A huge mass of them stood between us and the main doors. I stood and centred myself, feeling the rhythm within, the pulse of my mind. I let it fall into resonance with the pulse of my body. My whole being resonated and I felt tingles all around me, I could feel the rhythm and flow of Shade's attackers as well as I could feel hers. I felt something else, something malicious, quickly and without thinking I surrounded myself with my static, pulling light to myself; instinctively protecting myself from the dark force. I regained control and stopped filling myself with this mysterious energy, this static of mine. I knew I had now within me, a lot of that energy. I stepped forward with one foot as I lifted both arms and pushed out from my chest, with that motion came a flicker of light-like discharge from my hands and an immense force. Shade jumped out of the line of fire with good time to spare and the wave of force hit the creatures carrying them through the main doors. The sonic boom that followed was almost deafening.
Let's Go!!!! I screamed as I ran towards the exit I had made.
I felt drained and it seemed that my previous action had taken a lot from me but I knew I was not safe in the midst of these drones. So Shade and I ran through the path I had just created, drones behind and cops in front; it seemed I had to leave one mess for another. I pushed the thought from my mind and focused simply on my survival. I began to hear the sounds of police vessels floating outside almost as clearly as I heard screams of rage behind me. Shade and I jumped and cleared the threshold, the drones following closely behind us and as our feet touched the ground the cops opened fire.
Time seemed to slow as Shade and I stood facing our fate, and I welcomed it, even though I had questions I still needed answered my death would grant me peace. Then I realised that time had indeed slowed and come to a stop and the projectiles remained suspended mid air. Suddenly the scene changed, like we had teleported and around us was a green meadow with a solitary tree ahead.
What's going on? I asked Shade, hoping she had some explanation and I was disappointed to see her shake her head. She had put away her daggers and now held an odd looking blade in her hands, looking cautiously at her new surroundings. Then I saw a figure walking towards us from behind the tree, dressed in a black suit. I looked to Shade to find her gaze fixed on the newcomer. As the figure approached I recognised him, it was Tim, my old friend. I motioned to welcome him but I was stopped by Shade's outstretched arm. I brushed it aside and smiled as I said:
Tim long time! What are you doing here? I asked, hoping to get some sort of explanation.
Tola, it has been sometime, Tim replied with a smile. I saw what you were going through on the CCTV, so I used an experimental technology to bring you here.
I see, well, thanks, I replied. 
You see, I've been meaning to arrange a meeting with you... Tim began.
Cut the crap Maget, I know what you are, Shade said with disgust in her voice and her blade raised.
Shade... I started.
He is not your friend, not anymore, She interrupted. This is the same aura that was controlling those drones and the same that possessed my General. Tim smiled and casually strolled closer.
My, my, aren't you miss know it all, Tim said to Shade and she removed her black cloak revealing her black body armour and golden skin, I saw recognition in Tim's eyes.
You, Tim said turning completely serious.
What's going on here? I asked.
Your friend Tim has been possessed by a being from the Orion Confederation. He is no longer the person you remembered, Shade replied. 
Orion Confederation? I asked.
They are sixth dimensional beings, jealous of creation and of humanity, they are vile and disruptive, and that is why we call them Magets, Shade explained.
Haha, do not let your ego deceive you, we simply wish to help you, Tim replied.
That's right, by wiping us out in every fabric of existence and destroying our planet? Shade retorted.
Precisely, Tim replied with a smile. It is the best help the we can offer, he added then looking to me he said: I am Nuru, ferryman to the underworld, but I am still the Tim Sinclair that you remember. Do not resist my friend Tola, this is for your own good. 
Tola, don't let him enter your mind, fight it! Shade said to me and I realised that I was unable to move and I suspected the same was true for Shade. They can be defeated I have done it before with the help of a Traveller, the same Traveller that sent me to find you, Shade continued. You must be a real danger for them to play their hand the way that they have and I have no doubt they killed your parents. Fight it! You have a destiny, I can see it even if I don't understand it but I'm sure they do, so don't let them take control of you, Shade added and Nuru waved his hand and instantly Shade dropped to the ground. So this is the cause of all this... My folks, everything and now they want to possess me... I fought the mental violation clearing and centring my thoughts. I forced my static throughout my body, knowing it would purge Nuru's influence, but I didn't know how I knew. 
I felt the restraint release, even as we both stumbled back and I could feel the energy surging through my body. I looked around and I saw the illusion for what it was; we had never left Olympus, we had just shifted into some kind of pocket reality. I began to understand where my abilities came from, who my teacher really was... I looked to Shade and knew what Nuru had done, and I also knew how to correct it, and with just the thought I felt her returning to consciousness. As she rose she looked at me in a way that she had never before, the energy began to flow more hurriedly. I could feel it rushing as my awareness began to expand, I saw through the fabric and I saw the universal truth. I am one and I am all...
Fool! I will not let you awaken!! I heard Nuru shout and I saw him launch a bolt of energy at me. As it hit me I felt a searing pain, even as this new energy mingled with mine, my immediate surroundings became a distant dream and my being felt so much pain. The energy that flow through me from within persisted, but it felt like Nuru had tried to plug the fount from where the energy came and it caused me a lot of pain.
************
I watched as Tola went through some kind of transformation and I felt my blood boil when I saw Nuru attack him. I could feel the engines of my suit, the suit Adam had modified engage and adrenaline rushed through my blood. I lifted my blade, another gift from Adam, high above my head. I pulled the trigger and the sword roared, surrounding itself with an aura of energy, while its vibrating blade hummed. The roar of the blade caught Nuru's attention and he turned his eyes towards me and I charged him. Even as he tried to keep his distance from me I closed the gap, pulling the trigger once again to charge the blade's energy. He rose into the air, throwing bolts of energy as he floated above me. I dodged and pulled the trigger one more time, while my legs bunched and I launched myself into the air after Nuru.
In less than a moment, a hole of darkness appeared beside Nuru in the air and in a flash he reached through and pulled out a ghastly looking blade. Just as swiftly he brought the blade to defend himself and our weapons collided; the ringing was deafening and the force of the blow propelled us both. I tumbled in the air and landed gracefully then quickly broke into a second charge at Nuru, pulling the trigger of the sword again as I ran. As my sword roared, I heard screams, which stopped me dead in my tracks and I turned to face were Nuru was looking. We had returned to where we were, at Olympus; the Police and the crowd were still there, the drones however, were nowhere in sight. I heard people screaming orders and I turned to see Tola levitating with his arms on his head, surrounded by a bright fire. This is bad, very bad. I heard another piercing scream and I snapped my head to see Nuru, telekinetically lift many of the bystanders. Promptly the police opened fire, Nuru waved his other hand and they exploded; their guns, their cars, themselves... Bastard. He had made a charred perimeter around us but still held the civilians in his grip. I returned my attention to this Maget, this demon.
Release them you coward! I screamed at Nuru who merely laughed and started killing them one by one. I felt rage consume me and my suit's engine allowed me to tap into my own Logos. I charged at him again and this time he responded by creating the illusion of greater distance; no matter how hard I ran, I never seemed to approach him and the killing continued with the cries for help. I will enjoy killing you Nuru. I stretched my arm forward and summoned a small portal, the only thing I could manifest with my Logos. Swiftly, I cleared the threshold of the portal and appeared right beside Nuru. Catching him off-guard, he discarded his hostages and materialised his blade to parry my blow.
No more games Nuru! I shouted and slashed at him again, but to my surprise the blade simply passed through him and he became like a mist. I pulled my blade back and in quick successions pulled the trigger and brought it down on his head but again it passed through him. I held the blade at the ready wondering what was going on. In a flash his arm caught me in the chin and sent me back a distance. I dropped my blade in the air and drew my pistols and I rained slugs on Nuru. It was a short while until my ammo ran out, and the civilians were clear so Nuru could take no more hostages, but I had no idea how to defeat him. I heard the sounds of helicopters and watched in amazement as giant bipedal machines were dropped from the sky. When they touched the ground they promptly opened fire on Nuru, who raised a shield. It wouldn't kill him but at least it will keep him busy. As I pulled out my daggers ready to charge Nuru once again, but I felt a hand on my shoulder. I looked and saw Tola, or rather what used to be Tola...
You're... I started to say.
Yes, I am Adam, the very same one you encountered. The same one who trained Ayotola Johnson, Adam said.
But... How? I asked.
Another time Shade, now I must deal with Nuru, Adam replied, walking calmly towards the Maget. Nuru released an unearthly scream and I heard his rage within it, he must have realised that Adam was here. Suddenly Nuru released a wave of force that knocked the bipedal machines into the air. I watched as Adam looked towards them and a portal appeared and they vanished through it, again Nuru screamed. Your cries will not be heard you vile creature. You and your confederation have committed a serious crime against my kin and I. It ends now. 
Fools! All you Travellers do is sit on the sidelines, you cannot stop us. You are the Magets, like a wraith on Humanity and all other creation, we deny your existence! Nuru raged.
Abomination! How dare you! Do you forget that I know the truth of your existence and that of your mother, Tiamat and that of her father, Kek. You who exist solely for your own gain, you disgust me, Adam replied.
Say what you will Traveller but you are bound by your foolish rules and I am not, you will not defeat me, Nuru replied, raising his hands and the skies began to darken. I will destroy this city and then the next and I will not stop until I have crushed civilisation and if that doesn't work I'll try again, until the scourge of creation is removed from our Cosmos. When our father is free and returns, there will be nothing you or your fellow Travellers can do. We will take this realm and enter your domain, where we will shred your essence and remove you from reality! Nuru said trailing off into a maniacal laughter. He hadn't noticed that Adam had woven a web of energy behind him, until the web came to life in a bright fire.
Hold you tongue Maget. I don't hear you, all I hear are the screams from the souls of my kin that you have violated with your touch, Adam said and deliberately wounded himself, and with the blood on his fingers he wrote certain sigils in the air and a trail of light followed his fingers. Begone, Adam added simply and there was a rushing sound, the darkness dispersed and the winds calmed; it seemed space itself swallowed Nuru whole and he was gone. After the bright light dimmed and my eyes had adapted, I saw the lifeless body of Tim Sinclair, Ayotola's friend, drop to the floor.
Tola... Adam, what just happened? I asked.
I banished him to the realm of the Confederation to face his mistress and mother, Adam replied. I guess I need to explain a few other things to you, he added and I nodded, his image didn't twitched like it did all those years ago. It will be hard because of your perception of time but I will try, you do deserve an explanation given all the hardship that you have endured to honour my request, he continued as he walked to me and touched my forehead like he did once before, in an instant we were in the realm of the psyche. Each Traveller is a collective being made of other personalities among his species, the birth of a being capable of becoming a Traveller is natural but becoming a Traveller is a choice. I was born as a necessity to fight Tiamat, a viscous being who now has the book of destiny, but I knew Tiamat would know this and that she would send someone to interrupt the awakening, so that I was never born and as a result would never have done what I will do in this fabric. This would have turned the tides in their favour and we couldn't allow it to happen, the fate of Humanity depended on the timing of my awakening. So I sought a soul tempered enough to bear the trails on a journey towards finding my incarnate form in this realm, but like Nuru said we have rules. I could not simply bring you here and though it is unfortunate you went through what you did, you have greatly helped our cause.
I... I don't know what to say? But you didn't even give me a choice! I said. "You took me away from everything, I had ever known and used me like a pawn! All that I experienced, everything... It's all your fault!!" 
Shade, you were never a pawn, I chose you because I felt in you a very strong desire to make things better. It is not our way to act in that manner, but given what the Confederation had done we gave certain allowances to our rules, so that we could preserve the balance. I gave you a way to face your commanding officer and his possessor but that choice led to strife and for that I am sorry, Adam replied. This is why it pains me to say that I still need your help. We Travellers are bound by rules and if humanity will not fight for itself, then there is little that we can do, but I have a plan to help our people Shade and I need your help for it to succeed, he added and silence hung about for a spell as I considered his words, I hadn't expected him to apologise.
I have been to many different worlds, I have seen things I didn't even dream were possible before now. I believe what you said to Nuru because I have faced those Magets before, as you already know. I will help you, what do you need? I replied.
I need you to find a man called Eli Jean-Luc and keep him safe, another has been sent to help you, Adam replied and his image began to twitched. "My time here is short, and I must soon leave this realm."
I will protect him like I protected you but how will I get there, wherever there is? I asked.
Your experience has tempered your body and you no longer have need for the cloak; this is the reason for your golden appearance. Gather your weapons and follow the path I will make for you, Adam said, opening a Gateway. I did as he said and crossed the threshold to a new world.
************
So do you remember who you are, young Traveller? I see, well give it time it will come to you, perhaps the dissonance the Confederation caused is the reason for your forgetting. Yes that's right Tola's static was really Logos, you do remember Logos right? Yes, yes, the female Traveller is trapped in an unrealised actuality and must be found because as she is right now, her being is draining the Logos of the Travellers. It is an obvious ploy by Tiamat to divide and conquer, but notwithstanding she must be found and I am sure Oasis will find her. Well then let me continue, there is another whose path may help you remember who you are...
************


A TALE OF A CHAMPION
"Magi and Drell, hear me! We are of the same bloodline and the essence of Vampyre is strong in our veins. Descendants and kin are we all and yet we still seek to destroy each other..." -- Asychis, King of the Magi
In the land of Aleia all is calm and serene as the life giving star sets beyond the horizon, nocturnal creatures of all manner of being began to stir. The song of the Fae filled the night as they lulled the star to sleep and coaxed the night sky to emerge. A long roar escaped the mouth of a male Lyrex, signifying his readiness to mate. The plains rolled over hills and down into valleys, and over the mountains past the enchanted forests to the city of Pyre, where Aleia's dominant beings reside. Pyre is an imposing sight, it had towering walls that shielded the circumference of the city. Defence armaments were placed equidistant to defend the city from any incursions. The gates that signalled an entrance to the city were massive and heavy, they were made of materials devised by the city's sages; capable of withstanding great amounts of force. Truly the city of Pyre was known by all to be the impenetrable city of the Magi. 
A fleet of H.I.V.E twelve strong flew quickly and with purpose within the city, and yet sadly on this day Pyre's walls had been breached. The chaos within the walls was in sharp contrast with the serenity outside. The scene of the glorious city of the Magi was indeed one of devastation. The H.I.V.E fleet seemed to be the last drones in action and their numbers were quickly falling, the sound of projectiles and magical bolts had died down, and the battle had turned into a sword and fist fight, and any weapon a warrior could use that didn't require ammunition. Dead bodies littered the courtyard where pockets of warriors on both sides fought for victory. In the midst of this all, a glorious sight is seen; the King's champion waged battle against a dozen men on his own. Even as he savagely defended his wife and daughter, he cut down his assailants with mighty, swift, strokes of his long blade. As one enemy warrior fell two more came in his place, inevitable the attacking force overwhelmed him and his kin were felled maliciously. 
The champion paused for a moment transfixed in disbelief, as the culprit smiled a wicked smile. With a cry of rage, pain and sadness, the champion lunged at the culprit without regard to his own safety and buried his long blade into his body, through his heart and out his upper back. The dead mans body grips the blade as he fell, even as the other assailants closed in to avenge their brethren. The champion ignored his lost blade and unsheathed his twin short blades, three fell before they knew he was upon them; truly they could not withstand his anger. However, the number of defenders were dwindling and the overwhelming number of the enemy gained even more ground. Tears ran down the champion's eyes as he absently hacked his victims and thought of his love and their begotten. His arms began to tire as they should after fighting for five days, even his prodigious strength had its limits. All around lay bodies in piles of the enemy and further attempts to attack him were hesitant. He welcomed this as a chance to catch his breath, even as he struggled to keep his blades raised in warning. The enemy had encircled him but now they made a path and a man in unusual armour walked through.
"Why do you still fight Ezra?" the newcomer asked. "Your King is dead, your family is dead, your city has fallen," he continued as he strolled dangerously close to Ezra, champion to the King of the Magi. 
"The time of the Magi has come to an end and we will take back what is ours," the newcomer added with a smile. Ezra said nothing but looked at his enemy viciously imagining how he would kill him.
"Hahahaha, silent as ever. Well then come at me if you dare and when you are defeated you will watch as I execute your brethren, and take your King's throne," The newcomer said as he drew his claymore and discarded his rifle. With nothing but silence Ezra advanced his new enemy, their blades clashed and the ring of metal filled the courtyard as these two titans battled. The newcomer laughed as he silently drew Logos into himself and he cast a spell; a concussive blast hit Ezra with full force and he fell to the ground. The grip on his blades loosened as his strength left him, sapped by the newcomers attack. Ezra gazed at the sky wishing he had more power to keep fighting, to kill the enemy, every last one... Even as he wished this he realised he could not, he had no strength left to lift his blades and stand, let alone draw Logos, and so he lay there. The battle was over and the enemy was victorious. 
"Remember me Ezra? I am Kane your Lord and Master, and it was I who brought this destruction on your people," the newcomer said. "Ready the captives!" he added in command to the enemy warriors. Looking back to Ezra he said, "Now you will watch as I make your race extinct." Ezra was lifted and secured, and then he was brought to bear witness as his brothers and sisters cried for mercy. 
"No mercy," Kane said as he signalled his men to begin the execution. Tears rolled down Ezra's eyes as his heart filled with hate for Kane and his race of Drell, and then he was grabbed and taken to a holding capsule as ordered by Kane. Now contained in the holding capsule, he was carried by the warriors led by Kane, crossing the courtyard and making their way within the holdings; headed towards the throne room. Suddenly two mages appeared beside Ezra and they released concussive blasts and chaos ensued once more. One mage looked at Ezra through the glass and said words he could not hear. They began to collect Logos even as the enemy readied a counter attack. Kane could be seen screaming orders to his warriors; suddenly there was a flash of light and all was darkness. 
************
Alas, young Traveller, your journey of recollection has come to a pause and now I must leave for a short while. While I am away consider my words and if you want to know more, you may view the Akashic Records, they contain all that is Humanity that I have witnessed. Yes, well, Tiamat has stolen one of my records, The Book of Destinies, this account is not meant for the incarnate world and it cannot remain in the hands of the Confederation. So I must find her and remove it from her grasp, before she causes any more damage. I suspect that it is by this means she has created much dissonance in the fabrics. No, things will not simply return to normal once I have retrieved the book. What is done is done, it has already happened and will remain actualised unless it is by some other means unrealised. However, I suspect the fabrics will shear and a previously unrealised reality will be become a realised actuality and that reality will continue into its future as others will do. However, her control in that reality is such that she may cause other realities to be unrealised... Yes the situation is very complex... Suffice it to say, I must retrieve that book as soon as possible. I'll tell you more about Ezra later, but now I must be on my way. Be at peace Traveller.
###

 
You have now reached the end of the first installation of A Tale of Tales and I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. You can visit my website to contact me, read more of my work or follow the link to my FaceBook page. You can also find updates on the second installation of A Tale of Tales on my website. Now let me present to you a poem, which highlights a portion from one story within the second book of A Tale of Tales, enjoy!


RISE OF A CHAMPION 
In this tale before my tale,
I tell of how I did prevail, 
In this place, called Doam,
Demons did stretch an arm.

They shriek and rage, as I scale,
Up the face and down the trail,
Free of my tormented cage,
Never again, such a wage.

Lo demons and spirits conspire,
And nature unleashed its rage,
More energy did I acquire,
And thus escape my cage.

I played my part, feigning fright,
Much to the Drell's delight,
But as the Drell rest in sleep,
With their blade did I cut deep.

Once a slave but now free,
I sought shelter in a tree,
It hid me from prying eyes,
As the Drell circled like flies.

Vengeance burning down below,
But without direction it has no goal.
Wondering, wanderer, wandered I,
Find my kin, the great Magi.



ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
I would like to thank my maker, my folks and family who guided and supported me throughout my journey. I would also like to thank my other half, who encouraged me to put my words on paper. Special thanks to the Opuss community, you have all inspired me to keep writing. Last but by no means least, I would like to thank my friends, my fans and all those who supported and encouraged me to create this story.
-- Pthasse Amadeus
