Charleston with a Clever Cougar:
A Dance with Danger Mystery #6

by Sara M. Barton

Published by Sara M. Barton at Smashwords

Copyright Sara M. Barton 2012

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is dedicated to all the people out there like Cady, Doc, Daisy, and Carole, who are in the right place at the wrong time and the wrong place at the right time. Real love is a great healer, but sometimes taking that leap of faith is terrifying. Sometimes you have to push yourself into action, even when courage fails you. Thats how real heroes are made.

And for all the men and women of our military, who, like Doc, put their lives on the line in faraway lands because they believe in freedom. Thank you for your service.

Chapter One --

How long has this coffee been sitting in that pot -- a week?
Excuse me? I turned away from the counter where I was rolling pie crust and looked at the disgruntled gnome glaring at me from behind thick glasses.
Bitter, too acidic, undrinkable, he declared. You left it on the burner too long.
How about I get you a fresh cup? I offered, keeping an eye on the countertop convection oven, where I had a batch of blueberry muffins due to come out. On the house.
Only if its a fresh pot.
You drive a hard bargain, I told him. Just give me one moment.
He muttered something to himself as he turned away and went back to his table by the window, trailed by his oversized London Fog raincoat. It looked like it had seen better days. I glanced over at Daisy, my part-time employee. As usual, she had her earbuds in her ears as she was unloading the dishwasher. I looked over at the coffee machine. She had left the coffee in the pot, instead of pouring it into the thermal carafe.
Daisy, whats the rule about coffee? I asked, as I brushed past her. Your customer complained.
Oh, I forgot. I had a big line of customers and I never got back to it, she explained, pulling out her earbuds. She was good at forgetting.
Please make a fresh pot and bring a cup to the guy over in the corner. I turned back to my pie crust, fully intending to finish crimping the edges in the pie tins, but I saw another customer enter the bakery, so I whirled around to notify my assistant.
No! I cried, horrified as I watched her pour the dregs of the offensive coffee into the thermal carafe.What are you doing?
Geez, Cady, take a chill pill! She glared at me, thermal carafe in hand. Ill dump it.
Daisy, I said, softening my tone for the teenager, our reputation depends on the quality of our coffee and baked goods. You cant dump old coffee into the carafe. The coffee is supposed to be kept airtight, so that it stays fresh. Customers know when its bitter and they dont like it. Its really important that you respect the coffee.
How about you respect me as much as you respect your coffee! she snapped, in a little burst of temper.
Young lady! It was the gnome in the thick glasses, hunched over at the counter. Wheres my coffee?
Coming up. Ill bring it right over, I promised. Daisy gave me a roll of her eyes and emptied the carafe before pouring in the contents of the fresh pot of organic Sumatra blend, the roast of the day. While she screwed on the lid, I grabbed the muffins from the oven and set them on the counter. I plopped one on a plate, grabbed a couple of packets of butter, and reached for a clean coffee mug, just as Daisy was about to pour coffee into the returned mug.
Stop, I commanded. Ive got this.
Whatever! She flounced away into the back room, but not before sticking the earbuds back into her ear canals. I made a mental note to have a short, but firm chat with her about what was expected of her, preferably when the shop was empty.
With the fresh cup of coffee in one hand and the plated blueberry muffin in the other, I crossed the shop floor to the little table by the window.
Whats that? the gnome asked as I put the offering in front of him.
I thought you might enjoy a freshly baked blueberry muffin, I said, giving him a bright smile.
Im not paying for that! he snarled. Its not my fault the coffee was bad!
I dont expect you to pay. Its a peace offering. I am trying to apologize for my inexperienced employee. Obviously, youre a man who knows his coffee, and Im in the business of making good coffee. Please, try the Sumatra.
He looked up at me through those high school science nerd glasses with suspicion. I waited as he sipped, oddly wanting him to approve the taste of the fresh coffee. What did I care if the guy liked it?
Mmm...better. Who are you? he wanted to know. The manager?
Actually, Im Cady, owner of Cadys Cakes. Im the baker and the coffee roaster. I smoothed my cotton candy pink apron.
You roasted the coffee? I saw interest in those green eyes. You went a little heavy on the Arabica beans. Thats why there was too much acid in the blend. You should have gone more mellow.
Yes, but I wasnt looking for a dark roast flavor, I told him. I wanted something more medium in body.
Im just saying you could have knocked back some of the acid with some dry-processed Harar, he replied. I looked at the man sitting in the seat with fresh eyes.
A man who knows about Ethiopian beans? You must be a coffee connoisseur. No wonder you tasted the acid notes, I replied.
I like good coffee. I spent some time in Africa and the Middle East. It spoiled my taste buds.
Ah, I nodded. Interesting. Well, your coffee is getting cold. I hope its drinkable.
Itll do. When he smiled, I saw a mouth full of white, carefully tended teeth, and I found myself oddly disconcerted. It seemed to contradict the ratty raincoat and tattered jeans. Thanks.
Youre welcome, I called over my shoulder as I headed back to the kitchen. Daisy was texting as she stood watch at the cash register. Put it away, Daze. You know the rules.
Its an emergency, she insisted.
Oh? Whats the emergency?
Vickis upset.
About what? I was busy cutting lemons for the iced tea.
Her and Bobby got caught making out behind the tennis courts during assembly and they got detention for a week. Its her third detention in less than a month, so her dad said she cant use the car. And now I dont have anyone to drive me to school. That means I have to take the bus, she said with great emphasis. The bus.
Youll survive. She and Bobby will survive. Put that away. I dont pay you to play with your cell phone. Go and refill the sugar and sweetener compartments, please.
Youre mean, Daisy decided.
And youre here to work for me. No work, no pay.
Daisy lived in the condo unit next to mine with her mother and little brother Dylan. Carole was one of my dearest friends and undergoing treatment for breast cancer. It was taking a lot out of her. She didnt really have the energy to handle a wayward teenager, so I took it upon myself to mentor Daisy. Letting her work in the shop allowed me the chance to know what was going on in her life, to steer her, guide her in a healthy direction. She made a big point of rebelling, but most of it was bluster. The truth was she was terrified that her mother was dying, and some days I thought she might be right. Thats why I did everything I could to help Daisy have as normal a teenage life as possible.
If you think Im tooting my own horn, save yourself. The truth is I was doing for Daisy what my Aunt Pinkie did for me. I once stood in those teenage boots, and even more than twenty years later, I can still remember the terror that welled up in me as the life ebbed out of my mother. It was Aunt Pinkie who kept my head above the tears, who taught me to swim through the ache even as my heart was breaking. She got me through the unthinkable and convinced me to go on when I wanted to give up. Daisy and I were both the daughters of single women who battled cancer. Aunt Pinkie said children should always be able to count on the adults around them, even the adults who werent related. I owed it to her memory to help Daisy. Its what Aunt Pinkie would want me to do.
Time to take out the trash, Daze, I prompted the teenager. We were getting ready to close for the day.
Boy, it seems like all I ever do around here is take out the trash, she grumbled. I never get to do any of the fun stuff.
Such as?
Decorating the cakes. Im really good at calligraphy.
Food for thought. I let that roll around in my head for a bit, as I started shutting down the equipment and cleaning it. Daisy wiped down the tables, straightened out the chairs, and swept the floor, working around the lone customer while he nursed his coffee and muffin, hunched over his book. When she finished, I offered her a carrot.
How would you like to help with the Henslacker wedding later in the week?
You mean the cake?
No, no, I said quickly, dashing her hopes. I couldnt afford to let a teenager decorate a cake with a price tag of more than five hundred dollars. Any mistakes would ruin my reputation. But I did have the perfect job for her. I want you to decorate the wedding cookies. Theyre favors for the guests. Youll write the names of the bride and groom on each.
Cool. Can I at least watch you decorate the cake? Daisy had an artistic streak that hungered to be let loose on the world. I well understood that passion. I came by it naturally.
A war widow, my mother raised me on her own, refusing to move home to Mississippi to live with her parents after my father was killed. She was feisty, proud of her independence, and wanted to stay in Connecticut. We moved off the Groton Navy base and into civilian housing. She got a job as an interior decorator with a small design firm, often traveling between Connecticut and Rhode Island, doing everything from stately mansions to museums. She even did hotels along the shoreline from time to time. She always encouraged me in all my creative endeavors. Daisy and I had that in common and more.
Over time, my mother started going out again, dating one of my dads friends. They spent a lot of time together, in between Rogers deployments as a nuclear sub commander. They fell into a nice routine and he was really good to her. He was good to me, too. He treated me like an adopted daughter, taking an interest in my life. We went to ballgames and sailing cruises along the New England coast, right up until the day my mother broke it off with him.
It came out of left field. Roger and I were both baffled when she suddenly announced the romance was over. We had no idea that she was terminally ill. He and I stayed in touch, and when I finally found out the truth, I told Roger as soon as I could, He had just started a year-long deployment in the Bering Sea, but he managed to get a two-week leave just a month before she died, and they spent it together, in her hospital room. He moved heaven and earth to make those last two weeks memorable for her. Every morning, he wheeled her down the hospital corridor, to the day room, where she sat in the sunlight dozing. He read to her in the afternoon, or sometimes just held her. At night, he broke all the rules, crawling into her bed and wrapping her frail body in his arms. The night nurses turned a blind eye to the hospital regulations, because they knew Roger had to return to his submarine and this would be the last time he ever saw my mother, ever held her.
Aunt Pinkie was my moms best friend from childhood. Never married, she was in love with a man who persistently and consistently unavailable-- better known as a married man. All they ever had were stolen moments snatched whenever possible, usually in the middle of the week. Never on weekends. Weekends were reserved for Allens family -- for his wife, the Newport socialite Romy Klinghoffer, and his kids. Romys father was Rheinold Klinghoffer, the king of German plumbing fixtures. Allen used to tell people his wife was flush with cash. He got a big kick out of that. He also got a big kick out of Aunt Pinkie, said he couldnt live without her. In the end, he had to, when she up and died on him.
It wasnt a quick death or even a kind one. She was crossing Newbury Street in Boston one icy winter day, on her way to a banking convention four years ago, when a sedan hit a slick patch and slid into her. She struck her head on the curb as she went down and suffered major brain trauma. Allen was at her side for much of the time she lingered. For a while, it looked like she might pull through, but in the end, her body just gave up the fight.
That accident led to Allens embarrassing public downfall, exposing the decades-long romance to the rest of the world. Allen finally admitted he loved Aunt Pinkie and didnt care who knew it. Instead of sneaking around to meet her here and there, he parked himself at Massachusetts General as he waited for her to mend. His wife had him ousted from the company just short of his golden parachute inflating. He crashed and burned, figuratively, on his sixtieth birthday, when Romy served him with divorce papers, the board of directors of Klinghoffer Plumbing booted him out, and his luggage was delivered to Aunt Pinkies hospital room. His lawyers told him they wanted the cash up front before they would represent him in the divorce because he was such a bad credit risk. In the end, Romy succeeded in breaking him. As soon as Aunt Pinkies body was in the ground, headstone carved, Allen crawled back to the family manse on his hands and knees. He told me, tearfully, that he wasnt a proud man or a strong one, that as much as he had loved Pinkie, he needed the security of his old life. It was true. I could see that. I even understood it. But I didnt respect it. Thats because I chose to be with Aunt Pinkie. I knew how much I mattered to her and how much she loved me.
Both sets of grandparents were willing to raise me after my mother died, and would have done a fine job, but I knew Aunt Pinkie needed me. Without me, she would have been stuck with Allen. Does that sound strange? I think in some ways, I was Aunt Pinkies lifeline as much as she was mine. When I moved into her tiny little house in Old Saybrook, I filled a void in her life that cut deep. Aunt Pinkie, as my legal guardian, made sure that I was well-educated, well-fed, and well-nurtured, and as her adoptive daughter, I made sure she knew how much it was appreciated.
Over the years, as I grew older, I often thought about all the years Aunt Pinkie sacrificed for Allen. She never found another man to marry, nor did she have kids of her own. She always settled for someone elses. She spoiled me rotten -- not with material goods. Heaven knows she never made a lot of money as the assistant bank manager for Livingston Trust. But those weekends, while Allen was out sailing and skiing with Romy and the kids, I was spirited all over the East Coast, feasting on Maine seafood, hitting the shows in New York and Boston, learning to hike and bike in Vermont, and even visiting Cape May with Aunt Pinkie. She knew by then that Allen would never leave his wife. She never complained, never berated Allen. I sometimes resented the fact that she went without. Aunt Pinkie was a good person. She deserved better. She should have had a Roger in her life. Long after my mothers funeral, he remained a part of my life, helping to keep me on an even keel.
Hey! A voice broke through my ruminations of the past. It was the little gnome, standing at the counter, trying to attract my attention. I shook myself back to reality and put on a chipper smile.
How was that second cup? Any better than the first?
Passable. What did you put in the muffins? It sounded like an accusation of sorts.
What do you mean?
That spice. Subtle, but nice.
Cardamom.
Works with the coffee. He nodded thoughtfully. Most people use cinnamon.
I like to shake things up once in a while, perk up your taste buds, get your attention.
Well, it worked, he said. Those eyes met mine head on and locked in, with an intensity and fierceness that was disconcerting. I suddenly found myself blushing. Good muffin.
With that, he turned and headed out the door.
Thanks! I called after him.

Chapter Two --

Daisy had become my shadow at work several months earlier, when her mother contracted the flu during chemotherapy. Caroles weakened immune system failed her, and she hovered between life and death, frightening Daisy. Dylan was packed off to his grandparents in Westerly, Rhode Island, where he was able to resume some semblance of life as a child, in between sporadic visits to his mother. He thought he was on vacation because Mary and Phil kept him busy with activities and toys. Daisy, on the other hand, refused to leave Caroles side. She was adamant about it. She instinctively knew how sick her mother really was.
This rat is not deserting the ship, she insisted, despite a plea from her grandparents to move in with them. I have to look after her, Cady. Im all shes got to keep her going.
Thats not true, Daze, I reminded her. Your mom has good friends and family who love her. Were all going to help her get through this. Tonight, youre coming home with me. You can sleep in my spare room.
That was the first time Daisy stayed with me in my two-bedroom Old Saybrook condo. Over the next six months, Carole had to be hospitalized a few more times, and each time, Daisy brought her bags to my place. She often hung out in her own home by day, retreating to my spare bedroom each night. I kept an eye out for her, making sure she ate well, talking to her about her mothers treatments at the Smilow Cancer Center down at Yale, and driving her to visit her mother. When Jason Siegelmann invited her to his junior prom, I took her dress shopping down in New Haven, so that Carole could be a part of the decision-making process. Daisy and I bounced from store to store, and I photographed her in all the dresses. We rushed back to show Carole our finds. The three of us huddled in the hospital room, pouring over the choices, and we were delighted when Carole gave the final vote to the royal blue off-the-shoulder taffeta choice.
I wasnt a substitute mother for the teenager, because Carole was the real deal, but I played the role of adopted aunt. As an only child, I missed out on having siblings, and as a single, unmarried woman, I never got around to having kids of my own. We just seemed to fall into the arrangement because it worked for all of us.
After the last round of chemotherapy, Carole had begun to rally. She was finally getting back on her feet and taking an interest in living again. Dylan was home again, happily ensconced in his second-grader life, playing soccer and building imaginary space adventures with his Legos. Carole had begun to work again as a freelance editor for a couple of publishers. But she still wasnt quite ready to handle Daisys teenage anxieties and woes, so I figured the best option was to keep her on at Cadys Cakes. As much as she fought against the requirements of the job, she always pulled through for me in the end, probably because she knew at some point she would need to lean on me when things went bad for Carole.
I guessed something had changed over the last week for Daisy and it was only a matter of time before she would spill the coffee beans. It popped up when we were getting ready to close at six.
My father called me last night, she announced. He wants Dylan and me to come live with him in Bowie, Maryland.
I took a sharp, involuntary breath. The bastard. Didnt he know how desperately Carole needed her kids? Didnt he understand they were her reason for living, for existing? Hadnt all that already been settled during the custody battle?
Oh? I said that one word as calmly and kindly as I could, trying to hide the fact that I wanted to take a big chunk out of Doug Walchuk. That son of a bitch had some nerve pulling a Sir Galahad at this point in time. Where was he for the first few years of Caroles cancer treatment? Having an affair. Now he had his brand-spanking-new trophy wife and the triplets, a new career as an up-and-coming assistant school superintendent in a good school district in Maryland, and a fading memory of what he left behind in Connecticut -- that disastrous public scandal over his affair with Mimi, the woman on the Board of Education who backed his school improvement plan. According to Doug at the time, he and Mimi had to get together frequently for meetings to discuss educational issues. Back then, he was just the principal of Miller Elementary, not some hot shot assistant school superintendent. Mimi was the ballot-busting, go-getting educational reformer out to transform Old Saybrooks school system. Only trouble was those meetings were held in bed or in the back of Dougs Town and Country van, with the seats removed. Was Doug now so desperate to make his new life look as respectable as possible, he was willing to destroy Carole and the kids?
I told him I wanted to stay here.
Hmm.... I uttered in my most neutral tone. I didnt want to insert my own opinion into the conversation. Let Daisy tell it her own way. Let the details come out.
He said that hes going to ask for custody of Dylan. There it was.
Bite your tongue. Hes still her father, I reminded myself. I clenched my jaw, fighting the urge to speak my mind.
After the scandal broke, Mimi had moved to Maryland, gotten a job as town solicitor near Bowie, and started lobbying to get Doug the assistant superintendent job. After the divorce, he joined his co-conspirator and they married in less than six months. They reinvented themselves as a Maryland wannabe power couple. She was now also a corporate attorney for Lockright, padlock specialists. She made a big point of letting everyone know she was now a busy mother of three, having given birth to the triplets through a surrogate. Doug and Mimi spent a small fortune to create the replacement family. Why was he now trying to change Dylans custody? Winner take all?
Doug must have been keeping tabs on Caroles cancer treatment, and smelled opportunity after she spent three weeks in the hospital with a serious infection a few months back. If there was one thing that stuck in Dougs craw, it was that Carole still looked like the wronged wife. Thats because she was.
Are you thinking that after all my years with Aunt Pinkie I should have sympathy for Mimi? Let me tell you the difference between the woman who became my adoptive mother and the woman who married Doug. Aunt Pinkie was a good soul, a woman who always put others first, even when she probably should have kept something for herself. She was kind, gentle, and generous in her affection and her protection. Mimi, on the other hand, is a vulture, pure and simple. Not only did she insist that Doug leave Carole in the middle of her first chemotherapy round, she told him that it was better to get out before things got worse.
Why am I talking about Carole and Dougs marriage? Maybe its my own status as the proverbial spinster. Never married. I admit that. I came close a few times, but in the end, I never saw the kind of commitment I know I need from a man. But it was more than that. Carole had no warning that Doug and Mimi were having an affair, other than the fact that her husband was staying out later and longer. When a politically rabid neighbor spotted Doug going at it hot and heavy with the head of the Board of Education on Barn Island, he snapped a photo, which was then circulated to Mimis opponent. It became a very ugly situation, especially after Caroles cancer treatment, also leaked to the opponent, became public knowledge. Instead of honoring his marriage vows and supporting his wife during her illness, Doug took the low road, attached his wagon to Mimis political star, and give up his family to start anew. Id be lying if I said I didnt often hope that Mimi would find karma biting a big chunk out of her selfish ass.
Cady, what am I going to do? Its not like when Dylan went to live with Grandma and Grandpa.
No, its not, I agreed.
The shop door was locked for the day, the open sign flipped. We were almost ready to go. Thats when Daisy often found the courage to share her worries.
Should I tell Mom?
I thought for a moment, not wanting Daisy to see how much I wanted to throttle her father. The truth was divorced couples had custody battles all the time, even without cancer.
This is a tough one. What does your gut tell you to do? That was the thing about Aunt Pinkie. She always challenged me to think for myself, to examine every detail and make a rational decision when I was faced with a quandary.
I think my mom needs to know.
Good plan. You know, Daze, it may just be that your dad wants to adjust the custody agreement, maybe have more opportunities for visitation with you and Dylan. He is still your father. It killed me to remind her of that, but looking into the crystal ball of Caroles future, things looked murky. We had no way of knowing whether Carole would manage the cancer for a decade or succumb within a year. If she did die, those kids were going to need their father, abysmal as he was.
He sounded like he missed us, she decided. He asked me if I wanted him to drive me to colleges and help me apply.
Well, you certainly could use the help with that, couldnt you? At least the bastard wasnt completely useless. He could pick up that tab, or at least help Daisy find scholarship money.
Yeah, she replied. When I go off to college, whats going to happen to Dylan? Mom isnt really able to take care of him herself, especially when she has chemo.
Hopefully, she wont continue to need chemo, I told her. She may go into remission, in which case your mom could live for years with the cancer. Dylan would have a very normal childhood.
But she could also get sick again, Daisy pointed out.
It is possible, I admitted. Its hard to predict how it all will turn out for your mom. Thats why you should let her know about your dads plan.
Lord, I hate it when the snakes, rats, and weasels of the world get the chance to save their bacon through fate, not by redeeming their own lacking souls. Its just not fair, is it?
Come on. I put away my disinfectant spray, washed the sponge and nuked it for a minute, and then headed for the office. Ill drive you home. And you tell your mom Ill be around if she needs to vent.
Thanks, Cady.
You bet, kid.
Can I drive? I looked at that hopeful little face, eager and attentive. Who was I to crush that spirit? Carole, sidelined by neuropathy as a result of her chemotherapy, couldnt drive, let alone teach her daughter the fundamentals of being behind the wheel. Would it kill me to give the kid some road time? What was the point of having a learners permit if she couldnt practice her driving skills?
No texting. No radio. No chatter. You focus on the road, on the other drivers, on what is in front of you and what is behind you. Is that clear?
Wow, you would have made a great drill sergeant, Daisy decided.
Coulda, shoulda, woulda. I guess I missed my calling. Instead, Im spending my days baking cakes and making coffee. Are we good with the rules?
I guess. Does that mean we can go home on the highway?
Good lord, no! I responded emphatically. Not in my trusty van!
As a baker, I often had to buy supplies, and that vehicle was my lifeline. I couldnt afford to have it in the repair shop. How else would I be able to schlep the bags of sugar and flour, the dozens of eggs, the butter, vegetable oil, or milk? All I needed was a fender bender. And yet, I understood the hopes and dreams of a normal life for Daisy, and I was determined to make sure she got it, even if it meant taking a big, fat chance with my van. We just werent going to overdo it.
Once I had turned the key and rattled the knob to be sure the back door of the shop was locked up tight, I tossed Daisy the keys and we crossed the parking lot. The air was crisp on this soon-to-be-spring day, and when the wind came in from the Sound, it seemed to go right through me. I longed for spring, for the first warm days to roll in on a southern breeze. I couldnt wait to get home, change into my sweats, and curl up on my sofa with a bowl of hot beef barley soup, some crackers, and a good book. It had been a long day and I was bushed. In a way, I rather enjoyed being chauffeured home, stretching my legs in the passenger seat. Daisy made a valiant effort to do it all right -- checking the rearview mirror, adjusting the seat to accommodate her much shorter legs, and then finally finagling with the side mirrors. I let her find her own comfort zone. When she was ready, she put the key in the ignition, turned it, and engaged the stick shift, backing out at about three miles an hour. It was all I could do not to smile.
With the left blinker clicking, she waited for all the cars to pass before she moved forward in a slow roll. Her little body hovered above the steering wheel, the child in her still in awe of her new skills. I had to turn away briefly, so she wouldnt see me chuckle.
We traveled down the Boston Post Road, heading west, in light traffic. When Daisy got to Sandy Point Road, she turned on the indicator and waited for a line of cars to pass by. With care, she began to turn, and thats when it happened. From out of nowhere, a car rear-ended us, slamming us so hard that I bit my lip. Luckily, no one was coming the other way, because Daisys terrified foot lifted off the brake on impact, and we crossed into the oncoming lane. 
Stop! I screamed, use the brakes! The command didnt register with the teenager for those few critical seconds. I braced myself against the dashboard just as we went flying into a very solid mailbox post.
Ouch! Daisy was rubbing her cheek where the airbag struck. The van was still in drive.
Put...the van in...park, I managed to say.
Cady, youre hurt! The young driver started to cry.
Now, I insisted. Park.
She followed my instruction with shaking hands as I sat back, still feeling the full wallop of my own airbag, not to mention the pain that resulted from the jolt my outstretched arms took when they were sent packing from the dashboard with a very rude thrust. I knew I was going to be in a world of hurt before long, so I tried to concentrate with the little energy I had in reserve.
Are you okay? I asked her.
Im so, so, so sorry! Tears tumbled down those cheeks. Please dont die!

Chapter Three --

Im not dying, I assured Daisy, even though I felt like I had gotten drop-kicked in an attempt to get me through the goalposts of heaven.
My passenger door opened with a sudden whoosh, and a face popped in. I saw a pair of green eyes behind nerd glasses.
Everybody okay in here? said the gnome in the tattered raincoat.
Cadys hurt bad!
No, Im not, I disagreed with more forcefulness than necessary. Im just banged up.
I trained as a medic, said that serious face. Two tours of Afghanistan, one tour of Iraq. Ive seen it all. Now, what hurts?
My shoulder.
Can you wiggle your fingers very gently? He was now kind, reassuring, asking me to check this body part or that. There wasnt any of the acidity in his voice that I heard at the shop earlier. It was as if he were a different person, totally focused on helping. I could see people all around the car. A buzz seemed to fill the air as people compared notes on what they had seen.
He hit them and then took off! said a man.
What a terrible thing to do! a woman responded.
I think it was deliberate. He had to know there were injuries! How could he not know, I wondered.
Did anyone get the license plate? That was a good question, I thought. Forget about that pain. Push it away. Think of the car insurance and car registration. In the glove compartment. Your drivers license. Thats in your wallet in your pocketbook.
Its okay, the experienced medic promised me. Just rest. Well get you to the hospital and the doctors will patch you up.
The van! I groaned with dismay. I had the Henslacker wedding on Saturday. How am I going to bake my cakes?
Im so sorry, Daisy sobbed.
Why? There it was, that sharp tone again. The man leaned past me and focused on the young girl. Dont you know it wasnt your fault? That driver sped up before he struck you from behind. I saw the whole thing. You did nothing wrong.
Really? I could hear the hope in her voice.
Really. Here come the EMTs.
Three hours later, I was driven home from the emergency room by Walter Jackson, my morning guy, the man who came in to Cadys Cakes at five every morning to get things going at the shop. Daisy had insisted on staying with me, and now she wanted to fuss over me. I just wanted to go to bed and let my head stop spinning. The doctor had prescribed a muscle relaxant and at the moment, all my bones had melted, leaving only a Gumby-like structure to hold up my aching body.
I might be a little late, I warned Walter, but Ill be at work tomorrow.
Boss, I can handle it with Darlene. Why dont you take some time to rest?
Too much to do, I insisted. I was thinking about the special orders that needed to be filled.
Maybe you could come in later in the day, after you get some rest.
Maybe. At the moment, the pain was about to drop me to my knees, and I had only gotten as far as the bottom step of the front entry. I gritted my teeth, took a deep breath, and started climbing. Carole joined us just as Daisy produced my keys from her pocket and opened the door. I couldnt wait to sink down on my sofa and just forget about everything. But that was not to be. Walter and Daisy accompanied me up the stairs to the second floor.
We should get you to bed, Carole insisted. Daisy, find Cady a nightgown. I think we can take it from here, Walter.
You sure?
Positive, she responded, sounding quite confident.
Dont you worry about the shop, Cady. Ill take care of everything until youre back on your feet.
Oh, Ill be fine in the morning. The doctor said it was only bruises and contusions.
I caught the three of them exchanging glances. Walter patted my hand on the way out.
Trust me, boss. I can handle it. We wont embarrass you.
We?
Im going to help him, Daisy announced.
Its a school day, I pointed out. And you cant afford to miss any time. Your education comes first.
I only have half a day tomorrow. School assembly. Im not missing anything important. Besides, you need my help.
How about if I handle the cash register from eight to eleven? Carole offered. I just have to pour coffee and bag muffins, right? I can handle that, especially if Darlene will be there. Daisy can take over when she gets out of school.
I cant ask you to work for me, I told Carole, shaking my head. Youve got to conserve your energy.
Im fine. Besides, its about time I was able to do something good for you, after all the help youve given me and my kids. I wont take no for an answer.
I looked at that face and instantly recognized her expression. She was no longer Cancer Carole. She was a woman on a mission, to help me keep my business afloat. That purpose gave her strength she hadnt shown in a long time. Maybe it wasnt such a bad thing after all.
Only if Darlene is there, too. And Daisy cant miss any classes. I dont want to be responsible for her not going to college!
You let me worry about my kid and your shop, Carole smiled. You just focus on feeling better.
Ill be good in the morning. Ill get to the shop as soon as I can.
How are you going to get there? Carole wondered, a gentle smile on her lips. Dont you remember what happened to your van?
Oh, criminy! How bad is it?
Walter says it will be in the shop for a while. Your insurance company will get you a rental, Im sure.
I have to call them, I muttered groggily, beginning to fade.
First thing in the morning, Cady. Youll have all day to take care of that. Now, just go to sleep.
Carol sent Daisy home to watch after Dylan. She stayed in my guest room, checking on me from time to time. Even though she was still on the thin side after the last round of chemotherapy, her energy didnt seem to flag. If anything, she seemed energized by the chance to play Florence Nightingale.
I spent much of the night tossing and turning, trying to find a comfortable position. My muscles really hurt. Thats the trouble with bracing yourself for a crash. I would have been better off not seeing that mailbox coming at me. 
Just after seven, I opened my eyes and lay there for a few minutes, watching the changing sunlight play upon my bedroom wall. So many thoughts flooded my head, but the one thing that stood out for me was the green-eyed gnome. He was so different in responding to the emergency, showing genuine compassion, but that gruffness seemed to turn on and off with the ease of a light switch.
After fixing me some toast, yogurt, and coffee, Carole headed home to shower and get to the shop by eight. Lonnie, our neighbor at Soundings, had offered to drop her off on his way to work. Daisy ran into him on the sidewalk, roping him in as taxi driver for her mother. She was becoming a very resourceful young woman.
Darlene always started her shift at seven, opening Cadys Cakes for the day, greeting the first customers as they trickled through the door in search of a coffee and pastry. She was an experienced hand, so I knew she could keep things copacetic with Carole, her enthusiastic, but untrained volunteer. Even if my friend only greeted people, she would be helpful. I just didnt want Carole overdoing it.
Daisy stopped by on her way to school. She poured me a second cup of coffee.
Im really sorry about your van, she repeated for the tenth time.
You know what? Im really sorry, too, Daisy. But its still not your fault. You did everything right. Im glad you werent hurt.
You dont look so hot, Cady, she announced as she watched me make my way to the sofa. Youre walking like my great-grandma.
Gee, is it that bad? Gloria was going on eighty-five and was scheduled for hip replacement.
It really is. Hey, Cady, she continued, that guy was pretty nice last night. I mean, he seemed kind of cranky when he came into the shop for coffee, but he was different when he was helping us.
He was, I agreed.
You should go out with him.
What? That came out of left field and caught me unaware. What are you talking about?
I think he likes you. You guys should date.
He used to be a medic, Daze. Thats like being an EMT in the military. His job was to take care of injured people
Oh. I saw her process the information. But then she surprised me again. I still think he likes you. He was looking at you like he cared.
Maybe he just likes blueberry muffins, I suggested.
Maybe he just likes you. Besides, its about time you started dating. Stephens not coming back, is he? Thank goodness. That guy was a loser. And stupid, too.
Dont you have to get to school? I asked, wagging my finger at her. She tossed her head back and laughed.
Im going, Im going. See you. She closed the door behind her, making sure it was locked.
Stephen. I hadnt thought about him in weeks. Or was it days? I was finally at the point where I couldnt remember. I must be healing. I must be almost over him.
As a man, he was attractive. Tall, with a mop of well-coiffed, slightly graying hair, he had the good looks of a classically rugged Hollywood heartthrob. His usual attire was a plaid shirt, jeans, and boat shoes. In the summer, the shirt was cotton madras. In the winter, it was cotton flannel. It made him look like he stepped out of a Ralph Lauren ad. To complete the image last summer, Stephen replaced his ancient Mercedes with a 2010 Lincoln MKX. 
As a human being, he was lacking in significant ways, something I learned over the six years we were together. Too many women found him charming. He used to hold court at Pages and Puzzles, his bookstore over on Main Street. As an independent bookseller, he was constantly competing with the big chains, so he expanded the shop in 2008 to include puzzles and collectible board games for sale. There was always a jade chess set sitting by the cashiers desk, and several regulars stopped by to challenge him weekdays. Saturdays, he hosted a chess competition that brought players from as far away as New York.
He was also rather a savvy marketer, knowing his buyers and their preferences. Thats how he drew the ladies in, by offering cooking demonstrations with nationally known chefs and holding book talks with the divas of romance. 
Just six months ago, he had invited Rachel Honeycutt to a Sunday gathering. The red-haired author of Flaming Passions, Burning Desires talked about how she set about to get what she wanted by never taking no for an answer. She followed that up by hitting on Stephen. He quickly succumbed, following her to New Mexico, leaving his assistant in charge of the bookstore. I guess thats the benefit of inheriting a boatload of money from your uncle -- you can pursue your passions and indulge your whims without having to worry about your wallet or what youre leaving behind. Once his uncles will passed through probate court, Stephen went from being a respected bookstore owner to being a dabbler in life. He threw together a charity, set himself as the administrator, formed a board of advisors, and then began to fund a variety of arts programs, which got a lot of free publicity for Paper and Puzzles. That only seemed to increase the number of women buzzing around him like flies on honey.
Id come to the conclusion that Stephen really never was all that interested in me as a person. He liked the idea that I owned my own business, that I was a respectable member of the community, and that I didnt demand that he give up his freedom. Looking back, it wasnt that I didnt want him all to myself. I just really wanted him to want me that way. And when Rachel came along, with her sexy book talk and her demands for physical pleasure, I realized that all Stephen was looking for was a comfortable bed and someone in it who wouldnt tax his spirit by asking for anything other than sex.
Ironically, Stephen didnt own a place of his own in Old Saybrook. He lived aboard his 42 Meridian yacht at the marina in the warmer months, and when the chill of winter rolled around, he sailed his boat down to the Florida Keys for some deep sea fishing and a little scuba diving. He would periodically come back to town to attend to his shop, moving in with me on those visits. Lucky me. Every spring, as soon as the weather cleared and the last of the snow was gone, he brought the Wretched Wench back to Long Island Sound.
But things changed when Rachel Honeycutt came to Old Saybrook. She wasnt looking for commitment. She was looking for pleasure, pure and simple. After he left for Taos in late autumn, in pursuit of the apparently irresistible redhead, I waited for him to come to his senses. His boat remained tied up at the dock until he hired a crew to move it down to Florida, where no doubt he and Rachel used it for their sex-capades. I, meanwhile, crawled back into my little hidey hole, dragging my wounded heart with me. I may have gotten back to my everyday life, but no longer saw romance in the cards for me. Six years of my life had been wasted on a man incapable of having any kind of deep commitment. The irony of Stephens soulful journey to discover his true self wasnt lost on me. You cant squeeze blood from a stone. You cant squeeze much of anything from a stone. It is what it is, and in the end, Stephen was what he was, a man who could embrace big popular concepts and intellectualize just about everything on the planet, but was incapable of committing to a real relationship. He was surprisingly vacuous. When it came to self-reflection or appreciating what was good in his fellow humans, he was unable to see the details, living life in a fog of easy generalizations and vague ennui.
Stephens unceremonious dumping of me after six years for the racy novelist managed to turn me off romance, probably for good. That door was shut and locked tight. I wasnt about to let some guy, even one with a passion for coffee, get me to open it again. Besides, the medic didnt strike me as a man who trusted, let alone liked, women. Too gruff, too intense, too...tough. Impenetrable, with a heart that sat behind a set of heavy iron doors that barred the entry of a fortress. That way he had of speaking plainly hardly encouraged romantic thought. I certainly wasnt in any danger of being swept off my feet. The only time he seemed to show a human side was when people were injured and in pain. Once the emergency was over, he seemed to transform back into his gnarly self. Gnomes are like hermits, arent they? They live by themselves, sometimes under a troll bridge, and they shut the world out of the forest, sauntering out only for the occasional cup of coffee and blueberry muffin. Those were my thoughts as I sat there, cradling the notion that I had locked onto the truth about the man with the oversized raincoat and tattered jeans. Who knew I could be so wrong, or that before long, old wounds would reopen, wounds I thought had long ago healed. And it was all because Daisy was on someones hit list.

Chapter Four --

By ten, I was almost feeling human again. My shoulder hurt like hell and it was hard to raise it up to my chest, but I had the Henslacker wedding on Saturday. That cake wasnt going to bake itself. I tried to figure out how I was going to manage the decorations on that cake. We were supposed to have one hundred tiny honeybees on that cake, along with an assortment of fondant flowers. I had made the little bees last week and stored them. I hadnt started the edible blossoms. Maybe I could substitute gumpaste flowers from a supplier. That meant I only had to bake the cake and cover it with the fondant. If we adjusted the pattern of the icing, Walter and I could still provide the Henslackers with a cake that wouldnt disappoint. I turned on my laptop, and with my left index finger, tapped in an order for what I would need from Sugar Art. I doubled the number of flower sprays, thinking that if any broke, I still would have enough to be able to finish the cake without any gaping holes in the design. The leftover sprays could be used on someone elses cake, so it wouldnt be a loss for me. I paid extra for the expedited shipping, but it was worth it to know they would arrive within two days.
Tara and her mother had also ordered my celebration cookie bags as guest favors. We would need to bake and decorate ten dozen white chocolate-covered, wedding bell-shaped almond shortbread cookies. I was fairly confident that Walter and Darlene could prepare the dough and do the cutouts for that. Daisy was actually pretty adept with icing, despite her youth, so I would give her the opportunity as calligrapher on the project, as promised. With my injured arms, I might be able to manage the white chocolate bath for each cookie, but I didnt think I was up to much more. At least we had a reasonable plan that I thought we could use, so I wrote down my notes, ingredients, and recipes, to share with the baking team.
Once that was done, I picked up the phone to call Mary Sue Therkauf, my insurance agent. She promised to get me fixed up with a rental, have the damaged van examined and appraised, and to arrange for the repairs to be made. About twenty minutes after I hung up, she phoned me back.
The police will be in touch with you later today to get your statement. There were plenty of witnesses, who all said Daisy was not at fault. They still havent identified the driver. I heard you two really got hit hard.
You did? I was surprised that news traveled that fast. Then again, this was Old Saybrook.
You were lucky. According to what folks told the cops, that guy came out of nowhere, Cady. Several people said it almost looked like he was aiming at your van. Any disgruntled boyfriends lurking in the shadows? Customers who didnt like the cake you baked?
Not to my knowledge, I laughed nervously.
Must have been a freak thing, then.
Must have been.
Officer Renquist stopped by at eleven-thirty to ask me some questions and take down my statement. She wrote it out for me, since I was in no shape to do it myself, but insisted I sign the statement. Groaning at the effort, I complied.
You were lucky, she told me. There were a lot of witnesses. We got a couple of descriptions of the driver and a partial license plate. We might get lucky and catch the guy.
Might?
The chances are decent. The funny thing is all the witnesses insist the driver seemed to hit the van deliberately. Do you have an ex with a grudge?
My ex is in Taos, with the new love interest. And before you ask, he dumped me.
Oh. For a moment, I saw doubt in her serious brown eyes.
No, its not like that. The torch was extinguished the moment the guy decided the grass was greener on the other side of the pasture. Hes just not worth it. I dont want him back. She can have him.
I hear you, said Officer Renquist, with a knowing nod and a wink. Men. Cant live with em and cant chain em to the dog house when theyre bad. You just have to move on.
Who needs that kind of heartache at my age? I asked her. Its just too much work for too little reward.
You got that right, sister, she laughed. I escorted her to the front door and saw her out.
The phone rang at quarter to twelve. It was Carole, reporting in.
Were fine here, Cady. Its been a decent morning. Im calling to see if you plan to come in and if so, arrange for someone to pick you up.
I would like to come in, I agreed. Im feeling a little better and I have to get ready for that wedding on Saturday.
Okay, said Carole. Im sending someone over to pick you up.
Oh, but I dont want to take anyone away from the shop, I told her. Were usually really busy at noontime.
Not to worry. Daisys here, making coffee, Darlenes handling the baked goods, and Im on the cash register.
You cant afford to lose Walter in the kitchen, I insisted.
Im not sending Walter. One of the customers is going to pick you up. Hes been pitching in all morning.
I couldnt imagine which one of Cadys Cakes regulars that might be. I was about to ask when Carole cut me off.
Oops! Customers. Got to go. See you when you get here! she called out cheerfully as she hung up on me.
I decided to get dressed, not wanting to be caught unaware by my volunteer driver. I slipped on a pair of my black exercise leggings, knowing they were easy to pull on and off. Even if they were cropped just below the knee, they were functional and I needed that more than I needed to look like a million bucks. I threw on an oversized black-and-red striped top over the leggings, cinched it at the waist with a black belt, and then added a pair of red ankle socks rolled down at the top and a pair of my chef clogs. All that I needed was my hair in braids and I could pass for Pippi Longstocking. Either that or some deranged Glee wannabe.
Once I was presentable, I grabbed up my pocketbook, my tablet, and my house keys and put them on the coffee table in the living room, ready to go. As I waited, I dug my makeup bag out of my purse and took a seat at the kitchen counter. I pulled out my compact mirror and propped it against the side of my antique cookie jar, so I wouldnt have to hold it. Reaching into the bag, I found my eye shadow and flipped it open. I picked up the little stick with the foam pad and leaned in towards my makeshift makeup table. Carefully swiping my eyelids with color as I followed my progress in the tiny mirror, I then sat up and looked for my eyeliner. I started to follow the shape of my lower lid. Thats when the doorbell rang. With the speed of Mrs. Wiggins in an old Carol Burnett skit, I crossed the room to greet my driver. 
Morning. It was the gnome with the green eyes. He had traded in his oversized raincoat for a down vest, which he wore over a black turtleneck, a fishermans sweater, and a pair of faded jeans. On his feet, he wore a pair of black hiking boots. Looking at him, I couldnt help thinking that he was the real-life version of the outdoor man in Ralph Lauren ads.
You! What are you doing here? Even I heard the accusatory note in my voice and flinched.
Does that mean youre happy to see me? he wanted to know, one eyebrow lifted in curiosity.
Im sorry. I was expecting someone else. Anyone else. Even Mrs. Pritchard, Old Saybrooks most notorious driver. She never went faster than twenty-five miles an hour, even on Route 9. The cops gave up pulling her over with warnings about traveling too slowly.
Disappointed? He tilted his head, watching me with intense eyes that burned slow and hot, giving off steady heat.
No, I insisted, suddenly feeling shy. I reached for a more gracious tone. No. I was waiting for my ride to the shop. What are you doing here?
Im your ride to the shop, he announced matter-of-factly, with what seemed to be some healthy measure of satisfaction.
Oh. I was stunned.
You have a mark on your face, he told me, striding across the living room and taking a tissue from the box on the end table. Let me get that.
Thats not necessary. I can do it. Leaning over the mirror again, I could see the black line, but when I started to raise my right hand to wipe it away, the pain was excruciating.
Ready to say uncle yet? He stood three feet from me, tissue waving like a white flag. I promise not to bite your head off.
I always do my own makeup, I tried to explain.
Well, if you want makeup done right, youll have to accept my help. Either that, or go without.
Without makeup? The thought was impalpable. But turning over my eyeliner to a stranger was equally daunting.
Pretend Im a surgeon and Im going to fix you up, he told me. Reluctantly, I handed him the crayon. He gently drew the lines above and below my lids before handing it back and picking up the mirror to show me his handiwork. Hows that? Okay? Now what?
Mascara. I pointed to the tube on the counter. I usually just do the tips. And I hate clumps.
He carefully stroked the tips of the lashes, used a finger to blot a clump of black goo, and then used the brush to fluff them up, All said and done, he did a decent job on my eyes. I wouldnt be a walking ad for a zombie when I got to the shop.
Lipstick?
Lip gloss, I corrected him. There was a tube of Maybelline Misty Pink in my makeup bag.
Ive always wanted to know the difference between lipstick and lip gloss, he told me. I could see the tiny hairs on his masculine hand as he swiped my lips with the wand.
I have no clue. I only know that my lips dont get chapped when I use lip gloss. Shall we go? I asked him, as he put the makeup back into its sack, put it in my pocketbook, and picked up the tablet and the keys. Can you please put the tablet into the side pocket?
Handy. What about a coat?
Oh, I groaned. Putting on the big shirt had been painful, and the thought of slipping my arms into a coat was almost more than I could bear.
Wheres your closet? he demanded. Spying a door to the left of the entry, he quickly opened it and began digging through the hanging items. He examined a couple of choices before pulling out an old swing coat in raspberry wool.
Hows this? You can wear it as a cape, so you dont have to put your arms through the sleeves.
But its pink! I made a face.
Whats more important, being color-coordinated or being comfortable? When I hesitated to answer, he shook his head and shrugged his shoulders. Okay. Suffer if you must.
Three coats later, I settled on my tan microfiber parka, which he draped around my shoulders. I started towards the front door when I heard him address me in that rough tone again.
You have your prescription?
What? Turning, I looked at those fierce eyes, unsettled by what I saw.
Your pills. Do you have them with you?
Oh, no. Theyre in the bedroom.
Ill get them. Before I could protest, he had gone up the staircase, returning triumphantly a moment later, bottle in hand.
How did you know I had a prescription? I wondered.
I was a medic, remember? That rigid look came back to his face. I used to have to give these to guys who were injured all the time. You dont want to skip a dose. Itll create problems for you. What are you supposed to take for the swelling?
Advil.
Where is that? he asked.
Powder room, on the sink.
Once again he headed down the hall, reemerging a moment later with the bottle. Everything was tucked into my pocketbook, which he shouldered, and then he escorted me out of the condo, locking the door behind us.
I dont even know your name, I told him.
You can call me Doc.
Doc?
Thats my nickname.
Whats your real name?
I stopped using that a long time ago, he acknowledged.
Why? That slipped out before I could stop myself. I heard him draw a breath before he answered.
Dermot Ayotte.
Wow. Thats a mouthful, I commiserated.
I left that life behind when I went into the Army. Now Im Doc. Any more questions? The tone warned me off, so I dropped it. But it made me wonder who Doc really was and what he was like before the Army claimed him.
He led me across the parking lot of the Soundings to an old, beat-up green van. When he opened the door, I stuck my head in, wondering what I was getting myself into by accepting a ride from this stranger. There were two bucket seats up front and an empty cargo space in the back. I could see a couple of duffle bags, a sleeping bag, an inflatable twin mattress, and what looked like a tent sack. Doc was a camper. Even though the outside was showing wear and tear, the interior of the van was neat and tidy, the seats clean and uncluttered, the cup holders empty.
Let me give you a hand up, he insisted, as I studied the step I would have to navigate to climb in. Without warning, his hands took hold of my waist and I could feel his breath on my cheek. Okay. Duck your head and step up. Ive got you.
Once I was in the van, he reached across me and pulled my seat belt into place, clicking the metal fastener into its receptacle. Then he carefully closed my door and disappeared momentarily. I waited, somewhat nervously. I wasnt used to letting strangers take over my life like this. I hoped he was as careful with his driving as he was with his van. It didnt really matter how friendly he was. I just wanted to get to the shop in one piece.

Chapter Five --

Cady, baby! Darlene threw her arms around me, gently hugging me. Oh, kid! You look like crapola!
How sweet, I replied wryly. You sure know how to make a girl feel welcome.
You should have stayed home to rest, she chastised me, her tone motherly. Youll be back on your feet sooner if you take care of yourself.
Cant afford it. Weve got the Henslacker wedding on Saturday.
But this is Tuesday. Theres plenty of time.
Not really, I told her. I have to shop for the ingredients and then we have to make the cake and the cookies.
The lunch bunch was coming through for coffee, snacks, and our ready-to-go sandwiches. Normally, we did three daily choices on the bread of the day, threw in a pickle and a bag of chips into the biodegradable containers made from sugar pulp fiber. We also did a soup of the day and a soup/sandwich combo. Our turkey and Havarti was usually a big seller, as was our curried egg salad. On days when the soup choice was chili con carne, we were out of it by twelve-thirty, because folks started coming in for lunch at 11:30. Todays choices were chicken salad, fresh mozzarella with basil and sliced tomatoes, and ham with Swiss for sandwiches, and minestrone for soup. I looked through the glass door of the refrigerator and saw very few pre-wrapped choices left.
Were almost out of sandwiches, I announced. Its not even quarter to one! 
I shrugged myself out of my coat, prepared to hit the line to make some more, when Daisy came around the corner with a tray laden with a fresh supply.
Relax, Cady. Ive got this, she told me confidently.
Oh.
Doc thought it might be less confusing if I prepped the sandwiches out back, so Mom and Darlene would have more room to move.
Yes, Darlene nodded. That was a good idea.
Weve actually sold more than seventy-five sandwiches, Carole announced gleefully. Isnt that great?
Normally, we were lucky if we sold fifty, but thats because the sandwiches were really just a way to promote our breads.
Yeah, Daisy said, busy putting the sandwiches into the containers and handing them to Carole to mark. We went through the sourdough and had to switch over to the hearty multigrain.
Looks like you folks did just fine without me, I decided. I wasnt sure how I felt about that, especially considering they changed the usual routine, with great success. I guess youve got all this covered for now, so Ill just get started on the shopping list.
I headed into the back, where I had a proper kitchen with big ovens, a walk-in, and storage shelves, my pocketbook gripped tightly in my hands, so as to not jar my sore muscles. I passed the stainless steel prep table where Walter was punching down down dough in a big bowl and went into my little cubicle of an office. Sinking into my swivel desk chair, I pulled out my tablet and turned it on. I thought I could do a click and pull order for BJs Wholesale Club in Waterford, if I could get my list ready before five. Id just have to find someone to pick it up tomorrow. I knew I needed flour for the cake and the cookies. Tara Henslacker and her husband-to-be, Todd Gump, wanted a very untraditional cake. They settled on the death-by-chocolate version, which was a rich, moist cake I make with Dutch-processed cocoa and strong, hot coffee. Each tier would be sliced into four thin layers, with chocolate mousse between, and once I covered it with fudge frosting, I would smother it in white chocolate ganache and then white fondant, before adding details in icing and decorations. Lucky for me, they had requested the simple stacked round version, which meant four graduated layers on a cake stand. Nothing fancy or complicated. I was bent over the tablet, typing notes, when I sensed a presence. Looking up, a figure stood in the doorway.
What do you need me to do? Doc asked.
Do?
You need help. What do you want me to do? Those green eyes were on me. And dont insult my intelligence by suggesting you can do whatever youre doing by yourself. I dont take rejection well.
What did that mean? I was afraid to ask. I took a moment before answering. I realized I was actually considering his offer. What I really needed to do was to take inventory of what I had on hand, what I would need by Thursday, and then I would double it, just in case anything went wrong. In the warmer months, I didnt use this strategy, but when there was a risk of a late winter storm, I learned it was best to be prepared. When I did the Rorchak wedding three years ago, Marnie wanted a winter wonderland theme and she got it, with a big-time, traffic-paralyzing blizzard. Unfortunately, it resulted in a power failure two days before the wedding, while the cake was baking in the oven. I had to scramble to buy the ingredients to make another, wait for the power to be turned back on, and then I was up all night putting it all together. Ever since, I made a point of making sure I had enough to redo any disasters. That way, if the weather was inclement, I could still be ready for Saturday, even if I had to walk in the snow to get to the shop.
If youre sure you want to do this....
I wouldnt offer if I wasnt prepared to see it through, he replied gruffly. Bring it on, sister.
Okay. Lets go into the kitchen. I have to check supplies. I slipped past him, all too aware of how close he was. Only a few inches taller than me, it was hard to escape those eyes. They seemed to follow me everywhere I went. Can you please give me an estimate of how much flour I have, third shelf up. Same with the sugar, the confectioners sugar, the baking powder, the baking....
What kind of estimate?
Half a bag, quarter of a bag....
A hour later, Doc and I were in his van, on our way to shop at BJs Club. He had offered after Id consumed some soup, a muscle relaxant, some Advil, and coffee. While I was seated at one of the shops little tables, Daisy informed me that Doc made the coffee for the shop, that he even knew how to operate the bean grinder. She was very impressed. Carole sat with me for a few minutes while I finished my coffee, telling me he had arrived at the shop a little after seven to ask Walter how I was and he ended up staying to pitch in when the shop was flooded with customers. And now he was to be my chauffeur for the afternoon.
I should pay you for your time, I told Doc as we crossed the bridge into Old Lyme, barreling along I-95.
Not necessary. Happy to do it, was all he said, his eyes on the road.
Well, I guess Ill have to pay you in free coffee, I smiled.
That depends, he replied. I only want to drink coffee I enjoy. None of that stale stuff.
Oh, I laughed lightly, so thats the way its going to be, is it?
Throw in the blueberry muffins and youve got a deal.
You should try my banana muffins. Those are pretty good, too. And my peach cobbler muffins....
Ill think about it. For a moment, I almost thought I saw a smile forming on his face, but then it was gone and he changed the subject. How are you going to do all this baking for the wedding? You cant really do any heavy lifting.
Well, I was going to ask Walter to help me mix the cake and bake it. And we have to bake the cookies, too. I thought I could ask Daisy to help me on that.
When do you normally do your baking for weddings? he asked. The question surprised me.
When do I normally do the baking? Why?
Walter starts early, at four in the morning, right? He does all the bread, because the dough has to rise for a couple of hours before baking. From ten to two, you folks deal with the lunch bunch. Doesnt that mean the cake and cookies get baked between two and six, when you close? Doc glanced over at me, his heavy glasses obscuring his eyes.
True. Where are you going with this?
Even if you keep Walter until two, thats a long shift for him, isnt it?
And? I had no idea what his point was.
Let me be your hands, Doc said. You can tell me everything you want me to do and Ill do it.
Why would you want to do that? I asked, confused. Dont you have something better to do? Dont you have a job?
At the moment, no. Im on leave.
Leave? Youre still in the Army?
No, Im taking a break, sorting things out for myself before I start a new job.
For a moment, I wondered if there even was a job. Maybe Doc was one of those soldiers, back from the war, who have trouble re-adjusting to civilian life.
I start on the fifteenth at an insurance company just outside of Springfield, as a claims adjuster, he explained. I decided to just spend a couple of weeks wandering around until I have to report for work.
And you want to waste your time helping me?
Hey, forget I asked. You dont want my help, you dont want it. That wall popped up between us yet again and a dark cloud seemed to hover above Docs head. The horizon looked like it was about to get stormy.
That wasnt what I meant, Doc. Youll have to forgive me. Im not used to people being so nice to me, and to be honest, Im not really good at needing people. That popped out unexpectedly. I had no intention of explaining myself to this stranger. After all, I wasnt even sure I could trust him. What if he was lying to me? What if he was dangerous?
Used to being in control? he shot back.
Actually, I guess I am. It seems like every time I give it up, I get screwed, I admitted.
I know the feeling.
Look, if you really want to help me, youre going to have to let me pay you somehow, so I dont feel obligated to you. And please dont get mad at me. Its just the way I am, I confessed. I like balance in my life. You want money? Free meals? What can I give you in exchange for your help, which I actually need?
There was a long silence from Docs side of the van. His eyes never strayed from the road. I knew he wasnt ignoring me. He seemed to be thinking. At last, he cleared his throat.
Okay, heres how you can repay me. Teach me to roast coffee.
What?
Thats what I want from you. I want to learn how to roast my own coffee and I want to play around with the beans, mix my own blends.
As I sat there, I was stunned, thinking that this was almost too good to be true. Here I was, in need of a helpful pair of hands, and the guy only wanted to learn how to roast coffee? And I just happened to need to roast some beans tomorrow. What was the catch? Was he planning to open his own coffee shop? Is that why he wandered into Cadys Cakes? Was I about to get screwed by a devilish competitor? He seemed to read my mind.
I really do have a job with an insurance company, he assured me. And as to why I want to learn how to roast my own coffee, I was in a coffee house in Tanzania one time, a long time ago, and I had the best damned cup of coffee I ever had. Ive been to a lot of coffee places since then, but Ive never had anything quite like it. I keep thinking that if I have a chance to play around with the beans, I can make the same blend.
Why not just ask the owner of the coffee house? I wondered.
I tried that, Doc admitted. The guy told me it was a secret recipe.
Did you try his competitors coffee?
Totally different from his. I just know he did something different with his beans. I even went so far as to ask the guy if I could buy some of his beans, but he refused. Doc sounded disgusted. Its just coffee! Its not like its the formula for rocket fuel!
And you dont like anyone telling you you cant have what you want, is that it?
Doc glared at me, looking through those thick lenses, before shaking his head. And then he growled.
Are you calling me stubborn, Cady?
Are you? I inquired.
Well, I might be, he grumbled. But thats not necessarily a bad thing.
I didnt say it was, Doc. As for the coffeemaker, my best guess is he knew he had a winning formula. So, when you finally hit on your own version of it, youll probably want to keep it to yourself as well.
Does that mean youll teach me?
It does. Ill even go one better for you. You pinpoint where you were in Tanzania and Ill try to guess what the basic formula for the region is, using the local beans and what the roasters generally add. And I can order whatever green beans you think you might need from my supplier. If youre any good at creating blends, maybe well offer it up to customers at the shop.
Deal, Doc said, satisfaction written all over his face.

Chapter Six --

Cady, how many more of these am I making? Darlene wiped her wet hands on her apron on the following afternoon. She had rolled out another three dozen of the shortbread wedding bells, carefully placing them on the parchment-lined baking sheets. She had agreed to stay on until four to help us with the wedding prep. It was already quarter to four, and I wanted to give her enough time to clean up her area.
That should be enough for today, I told her. She seemed relieved. Darlene was pushing sixty, had a husband who got home at three-thirty from the garage, and she was used to doing the early shift. I didnt want to overwork her or disrupt her normal routine.
It had been a really long day for all of us. Carole had been a brick, coming in again to help. I noticed a couple of times through the day that some of our male customers had wanted to chat with her. Wouldnt it be nice for her to be someone other than Daisy and Dylans mom, just for a change? Heaven knows Carole was an attractive woman. The short haircut she sported made her look like a young Audrey Hepburn, especially now that she had some color in her cheeks. I thought it was good that she had had a chance to get out in public, rubbing elbows with the coffee crowd. Maybe working at home was a little too isolating for her. She really did need to meet new people, especially after that ex-husband managed to be such a louse. She told me she could stay if we needed her to handle the cash register, but Dylan was still too young to be a latch key kid and he would soon get off the bus.
Doc had also made himself useful, filling in here and there, doing the heavy lifting, cleaning, and even managed to reorganize the baking supplies.
At quarter to five, Daisy bagged the trash in the shop and hauled it out the back door, heading for the waste bin shared by the tenants in the strip mall. She was gone quite a long time. Too long. What should have taken her two minutes seemed to take forever. Doc noticed my eyes on the back door.
Something wrong? He preparing to mix another batch of cookie dough, his ingredients spread out across the stainless steel prep table.
Daisy took out the trash. She hasnt come back yet.
Maybe shes calling a friend. You know how teenagers are, Cady. I could tell he was trying to reassure me. The only problem was the temperature outside was chilly, too cold for Daisy to hang around while chatting or texting, especially since she didnt bother to put on a coat.
I dont know. Something wasnt right. Dont ask me how I knew that, but I did.
Want me to go look? Doc peered at me through those glasses, saw the concern on my face, and didnt bother to wait for my answer. I led him to the back door, planning to point him in the direction of the Dumpster. The buildings spotlights cut through the growing darkness and cast a sharp beam across the parking lot, where two figures wrestled in its glow. We both saw the scene at the same time.
Damn! Doc uttered between clenched teeth. I saw red. Something in me just seemed to explode and I was in motion instantly.
Get off her, you bastard! I ran out into the parking lot, slipping and sliding across the black ice forming as the early spring night turned chilly. You let her go right now!
The masked man turned towards me, his hands around Daisys throat. I could see pale circles of his skin in the cutouts of the mask. He was probably a head taller than me, but I didnt care. I was ready to launch myself through the air and yank him off that teenage girl when Doc flew past me. It took only three or four seconds for the masked assailant to realize his plan was futile. He let go of Daisy, who dropped to the ground, clutching her neck, and then took off, hotly pursued by a man who could, it seems, run very fast. Doc probably would have caught the bastard if it hadnt been for the dark pickup truck that came squealing across the parking lot, its high beams blinding him. The masked man jumped into the bed of the truck and the driver sped off.
Daisy! I threw my arms around the shivering teenager, ignoring the pain as my aching muscles protested. Oh, are you okay?
Why? she cried. He tried to choke me! Cady, why did he do that?
I couldnt see the plate, Doc announced, frustrated. They put tape over it!
For the second time in three days, I went to the emergency room with Daisy, only this time she was the patient. Doc and I sat with her while we waited for Lonnie to bring Carole to the Shoreline Medical Center. There were dark bruises on the teenagers neck, and a couple of police officers wanted to take her statement.
Could you two please excuse us for a few minutes? We have to photograph the bruises, a male officer told us. And wed like to ask you a few questions when were done, so stick around.
Doc and I waited out in the hallway, pacing as the minutes passed. It wasnt a particularly busy night, thank heaven. We saw Carole at the admitting desk, looking worried as she sought information on her daughter. We led her to the exam room and then resumed our vigil in the hallway.
I have a question, Cady, said Doc in a low voice. You kind of went off half-cocked in that parking lot. What did you think you were going to do when you caught up with Daisys assailant?
I shrugged. How could I explain what drove me to do something that bold? It was pure adrenaline and sheer terror. It was my own demons spurring me into action.
You seemed very determined to stop the attack. That was a big risk to take. You must have a reason for reacting that way.
I looked at the man beside me. He didnt make eye contact, and I got the impression all of his energy was focused on listening to me. With a deep breath inflating my lungs, I slowly let it all out. I hesitated, not really sure I wanted to tell Doc what drove me to be so reckless earlier this evening. But in the end, I felt like I owed him an explanation.
When my mom was dying in the hospital, I went to visit her one night with Aunt Pinkie. Just before visiting hours were over, my mom and Pinkie wanted to talk privately. She...she wasnt doing well and it was becoming apparent that she didnt have long to live. Mom wanted to talk about her funeral. Aunt Pinkie told me to wait in the lobby, but I was too upset. I stepped outside, trying to compose myself. I could still remember the attack -- the terror that filled every cell of my body, the feel of the knife blade against my neck, the smell of his breath. Even now, my heart beat faster at the memory. All these years later, I rushed through the details, trying to pretend it no longer mattered. It was over in less than five minutes and it changed my life forever. As soon as he was done, someone found me. I spent years wondering why that woman couldnt have just walked my way sooner. Why me? Why did it have to happen?
That explains a lot, Doc said softly.
Does it? I wiped away a tear, thinking about how similar Daisys situation was to mine. For years, I suffered from panic attacks. Everyone chalked it up to unresolved grief over my mothers death. She died the next day. The truth was that I was terrified he would come back, that somehow he would find me. I was already prepared to say goodbye to my mother. I wasnt prepared to be raped.
That makes sense, Cady. Rape is a traumatic experience. Coming just before your mothers death must have made it all so much harder.
It did. Poor Aunt Pinkie felt so guilty, like she had let me down by not being there, even though she was trying to help my mother.
And at the time she was supposed to help you the most, she couldnt prevent someone else from causing you grievous harm.
Oh, I sighed. I wonder if Ill have nightmares again. You know Carole has cancer? I sort of took Daisy under my wing the way Aunt Pinkie took care of me.
Theres a way to work through the nightmares, you know. You rehearse what you would do if the same thing ever happened to you again. Its a way of empowering yourself. Its not a do-over, but a do-better. Its a way to cope with the pain. The less vulnerable you feel, the better able you are to react in similar circumstances.
I nodded in response, thinking thats what I did, long after the pain dissipated, when the fear remained. I played and replayed that attack in my head over and over again. At first, I hated myself for my bad timing. For a while, I was almost mad at my mother and Aunt Pinkie for sending me away when I was feeling so much grief at the prospect of losing my mother. And then I was really mad at the man who took away my trust in humanity.
What made you think something was wrong, that Daisy was in danger tonight? Doc wanted to know. I couldnt really put it into words, so I shrugged.
I just did.
No. You knew she should have been back. You knew how long it should take her to put the trash into the bin and walk back. Something made you worry.
My insurance agent asked me this morning if I had an ex-boyfriend or a customer with a grudge, because the witnesses said that car came after us deliberately. What if Daisy is the target? I turned and looked at Doc, hoping he would tell me I was overreacting. Instead, I found his gaze was steady, unwavering.
What would the motive be?
I dont know. But it feels like its there, hiding in the shadows, waiting for me to see it. I crossed my arms, trying to comfort myself, and then remembered why it was a bad idea. Ouch!
Walk with me, Doc said.
Why? Where are we going?
Humor me. He led me down the hallway, to the waiting room, where we found a quiet corner. Tell me about Daisys life. Boyfriends. School. Family. I take it Carole is a single mom.
It took me a few minutes to tell him about Doug Walchuks hot affair with Mimi, as well as the plan to change the custody agreement. When I got done, Doc stood up.
We should head back. We took our time walking back to the exam room.
What are we going to do? I wondered.
Not much to do, Cady. We cant really connect anyone to the hit-and-run or the attack tonight. At least the cops know. They have the resources and manpower to investigate any leads.
I suppose. I feel like I should watch out for Daisy. What if those people try again?
Well both look out for her. You need to pay attention to your gut, though. If something doesnt feel right, its probably due to the fact that you noticed something, and you didnt realize what you were seeing.
I dont understand.
I learned the hard way that sometimes your brain takes in information, but doesnt process it right. Your body knows theres danger, but you just cant figure out what you missed. Instead of dismissing it, work with it. That little dip in the road might be a buried IED. That sudden scattering of people in the square might indicate an ambush.
In that instant, an image suddenly floated up from the past. There was a shadow that night, just behind the shrub by the front entrance to the hospital, and it moved when I trudged along the sidewalk, sobbing my heart out. I only walked a hundred yards, but it was enough. The street light was out. There was no one around to hear me scream, not until that woman walked by. My attacker stalked me. He followed me from the hospital, waiting until it was dark enough to grab me.
You okay? He touched my arm, freeing me from the remembering.
I never realized that he stalked me that night. He planned the whole thing. He was lying in wait.
The assault at the hospital? Why does this surprise you?
I always thought he attacked me because I wandered off. I walked away from the safety of the hospital. But he actually followed me from the front door. I studied the floor, still recalling the sights and sounds of that night. And the smells. I didnt wander into his territory. He was already in mine.
The Big Bad Wolf was a predator. He saw Little Red Riding Hood on her way to Grannys house, so he stalked her. Its what predators do.
Carole must still be in with Daisy, the doctor, and the cops. The exam room door was closed. We took up positions along the hallway wall to wait.
Doc, maybe those guys have been watching the shop. Both times, they went after Daisy after she left Cadys Cakes -- the first time when we were done for the day, the second when she dumped the trash. They must be hanging around.
He stood there, leaning, silent, staring at a painting of a lily pond on the opposite wall. His fingers formed a church steeple, and he rested them against his lips. Finally, he spoke.
Yes, he agreed. They had eyes on the place. What was different about Daisys day before the crash?
Nothing. We locked up at the normal time. I usually drive her home.
What about today, Cady?
On a normal day, it would just be Daisy and me closing up the shop at six.
Would she take the trash out? Is that one of her jobs? Doc inquired, his mouth tightening.
Yes. Why?
Maybe they have a reason for not going after her when shes home. Maybe its supposed to look like a random thing.
So, what does that mean?
Bad guys almost always have a tell.
Like in poker, Doc? I asked. He nodded, biting his lip as he thought.
If its related to the custody thing, these guys are hired, and theyve been given instructions to keep it away from the family. That means shes in more danger when shes away from home. It also means theyre stalking her when shes out and about, looking for that opportunity. Suddenly Doc had a smile on his face.
Why are you smiling? I demanded. How is that a good thing shes being stalked?
If we know theyre following her, we can follow them. And its even better if they dont know we know, because we can catch them in the act.

Chapter Seven -- 

We can?
No. Youre hardly up to taking on bad guys. Ive got some buddies with the right skills.
You do? There was something about the way he said that which sent a little drop of hope into my veins. Maybe this would level out the playing field and keep Daisy safe.
I do. And these guys owe me. Im calling in my chips. Doc gently brushed my cheek with his fingers, wiping away the last remnants of the tears spilled earlier. Dont worry, Cady. Well make sure no one gets to Daisy or anyone else in the family.
Promise?
You let me do my thing, okay? Doc squeezed my fingers in his. Ill do the worrying. You concentrate on that wedding.
Oh! I groaned. The wedding!
Youll get it done, Cady. Take a breath and focus on the mission.
Right. Easier said than done. 
The door to the exam room opened and the cops came out. Daisy and Carole were still waiting for the final discharge instructions. Doc and I spent five minutes with a pair of detectives, giving them our version of events. They were very interested in the fact that the license plate was taped over and unreadable. 
The emergency room physician released Daisy just before seven, with instructions to take it easy for the next few days. Carole was shaken, but Doc managed to convince her that Daisy would be safe, without giving her any of the details on how that would get done. He also didnt want to share with her the potential that her ex-husbands custody suit was somehow involved. We all drove back in Docs two-seater van. Daisy and I huddled in the back, on the air mattress Doc had inflated, his sleeping bag on top. We talked softly. I told her just a little of my own experience because I wanted her to understand that I had walked in those shoes and survived it, and if she needed to vent, I would be her shoulder to cry on. Daisy had already considered me a confidant when things got rough with Caroles cancer, so I felt sure she would seek me out when she needed to talk.
Dylan had stayed with Lonnie and his wife, Karen, so we stopped by to pick him up before proceeding to the Walchuks unit.
You call me if you need anything, I told Carole once the family was settled in for the night.
We will, she agreed, her arm around her daughter.
What time do you leave for school? Doc asked Daisy.
I have to go to school tomorrow? There was dismay in the teenagers voice.
Sure. How else will your friends hear about your ordeal? Besides, do you really want the bad guys to think they have you beat?
But.... Daisy started to protest.
Do you want to spend the rest of your life hiding? he demanded.
I guess not, she decided reluctantly.
What time do you want me to pick you up? Docs behavior was bordering on pushy, but I realized what he was doing. If we were going to catch the bad guys stalking the teenager, she had to get out in public.
Quarter to eight. Does this mean Im going to work, too?
Absolutely. Any reason you shouldnt? I watched Daisys reaction as she stood talking to Doc. She seemed to relax a little at the thought that life would go on and she would resume doing the things she normally did. There was something about him, gruffness and all, that seemed to instill confidence. It had been a long time since Doug had been a regular member of the Walchuk family, and that masculine energy was clearly missing from the family dynamics. She needed a male role model, someone protective and strong. For all her teenage angst and attitude, she was really just a scared little girl underneath it all. Caroles cancer had shaken her faith and forced her out of her comfortable life. Coming on the heels of the divorce, it created instability for Daisy at a time she needed stability most.
Call me if you need me, Doc told Carole, day or night. Let me give you my number.
As Carole took out her cell phone to add it to her contacts list, Daisy pulled me aside.
Cady, Im scared. What if those guys come back? What if they break in and hurt me, Mom and Dylan?
Honey, its hard to let go of the fear. But you have to make the effort. You make sure the doors and windows are locked. Sometimes it helps to leave on a light or two. You can call me, even if you just need to talk because youre afraid. Well help you get through this. One day at a time.
What if its three in the morning? Can I call you?
Even if its three in the morning, I assured her.
Carole saw us to the door, thanking us. Doc saw the unspoken question in her worried eyes.
It will be okay, he said firmly, as if he could will it. She responded with a tentative smile. She needed the support almost as much as her daughter did. Make sure you lock up.
Once outside, Doc escorted me to my place. He waited while I dug out my keys and opened the front door.
Are you hungry? I could make us some eggs, I offered.
I have a better idea.
You do?
Let me do the cooking.
You can cook? I gave him a grin, thinking what a handy guy he was to have around.
Sure. Omelets are my specialty.
Half an hour later, we had finished eating and were sitting on my sofa, watching a sitcom. I was in my sweats, my slipper socks keeping my toes warm. Doc took the afghan off the back of the sofa and tucked it around my legs without saying a word.
Thanks, I replied, thinking it was sweet that he did that. I still didnt have a handle on him. There was a lot of kindness in Doc, but he was still a tough nut to crack. It was as if he always held me at arms length.
Youre still healing, he reminded me. You dont want to catch a chill.
Where are you staying? I asked. I assumed he was at one of the local motels.
My van.
Your van? Isnt it cold at night? I responded. Doc started to laugh. I took umbridge. Why is that funny?
Cady, Ive done three tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan. Between the blazing heat, the bitter cold, and everything in between, Ive handled a lot worse than this.
Youre welcome to use my spare room. That came out before I realized what I was saying. It bothered me that Doc wasnt sleeping in a bed in a nice, warm house.
Thats a great offer, but Ill have to pass.
Where will you go tonight? 
Where will I go? Im not going anywhere. Ill be right outside. Im keeping an eye on Daisy and her family. And you, too, he added.
Oh, that actually makes sense, I replied. Youll be right there if we need you.
Exactly.
Come for breakfast. I wont take no for an answer, Doc.
I wont give it. And Ill use your shower. Ive been staying at my buddys house over in Chalker Beach, and my stuff is over there, but I have a change of clothes in the van.
So, does that mean youre not homeless? That slipped out before I could bite my tongue. Maybe it was seeing that sleeping bag and air mattress in the back of the van where seats should be. Docs eyebrows shot up and he shook his head.
Cady, not every vet is broken and in need of fixing. Some of us just need some time to get back into the swing of things. Trauma does that to you. Its a matter of working it out.
Of course. Its just that I thought because of the air mattress....
Doc threw his head back and roared. Those thick glasses came off and he wiped his eyes. I felt like pummeling him with my good arm, but even my good arm still hurt. And forget about the one that was badly injured. I still couldnt raise it above my chest.
Good Lord, woman! I have that there because I just went camping for two weeks in the White Mountains. A group of dedicated ice fishermen in the wilds of New Hampshire, roughing it.
Well, I officially feel like an idiot, I acknowledged.
As well you should, Doc agreed. You just earned the title.
At ten, I set Doc up with a pot of coffee. He poured it into one of my thermal carafes and went out into the cool night air with a smiley face mug.
See you, he called over his shoulder. I watched him open the van and climb in the back. Once he set down the carafe and the mug, he slid the van door shut. What a shame it was that he seemed to need that emotional distance from his fellow man, I thought. It made me wonder what he had endured in war. That brusque manner seemed to come and go. As time went on, he seemed less inclined to snap, although I suspected that was just a part of his normal personality. Doc called it like he saw it, and there was no way he would tolerate foolishness. Such a difference from Stephen, who lived on his comfortable yacht with all the amenities. I couldnt remember Stephen ever taking care of me. In the few short hours I had known Doc, he had done more than just attend to my bruises and contusions. He had also patched up my soul, helping me to put more perspective to my buried past.
It was hard to sleep. I lay in bed in my sweats, my comforter on top of me, but my body just wouldnt relax. The muscles ached and my mind raced. Why would Doug hire thugs to hurt his own daughter, Daisy? Something didnt make sense. And yet, I couldnt deny what had happened to the teenager. First came the hit-and-run, and then came the assault in the parking lot. Why? It wasnt like Daisy was particularly sullen or uncooperative. I knew that, despite the trouble her parents had with staying married, she did still want her father in her life, even now, even after his remarriage. Was Doug that cruel a man? I didnt think so.
What if Daisy was a target for another reason? Almost grown up, she would soon be making the rounds of colleges and universities before starting the admissions process. In another few years, Daisy would be off on her own. Would that have been a problem for someone?
I thought I could rule out a teenage stalker. After all, those men were adults. But I still didnt understand what they wanted with a teenage girl.
The divorce itself had fraught with tension. Carole and Doug both wanted custody of the kids, and Doug pressed hard on the cancer card. But in the end, her oncologist provided her with the winning chip. The stress of the divorce and custody battle was taking a toll on Carole, and it was critical that she be relieved of this burden as quickly as possible. When the court mediator heard this, he called both parties to the table and set down the rules. Caroles medical needs came first and losing her children would put too great a strain on her compromised health. As long as Carole could show that she had a support team that would help her meet the needs of Daisy and Dylan, the children would remain with their mother. Doug agreed about Dylan, by that time feeling guilty about having left his wife in the lurch in favor of his mistress. Mimi was down in Maryland, setting up her new political life, and away from her, Doug seemed more like his old pre-Mimi self. He suggested that Daisy be given a choice of where she wanted to live. When the teenager arrived at the custody session, she told the mediator she wanted to stay with her mother, not only because Carole needed the help, but also because Daisy had no desire to change schools so close to her graduation. She didnt want to leave her friends. At last, said the mediator, a voice of reason. The rest of the settlement was fairly standard, and Doug was soon able to return to his new life, albeit without his kids. As I recalled, he seemed to accept the custody arrangement willingly once the mediation was over. But Daisy had said he called recently to tell her he wanted to get custody of Dylan. Something had happened. Did he have a change of heart?
As an assistant school superintendent, Doug was supposed to be an educator. Shouldnt he of all people understand that the protracted tug-of-war between parents was harmful to the kids? I just couldnt buy that Doug planned to go back on his word to let Daisy stay in Old Saybrook. He was never a mean man, in my experience, even though I still hated him for what he did to my friend. And I couldnt see him hiring a couple of goons to menace his daughter in some wacky plot to get her to move down to Maryland.
So far, it didnt look like Dylan was a target, any more than it looked like Carole was. Maybe we were missing the whole point of the terrifying events. If Daisy was the target, there was something about her that was making someone angry. If it wasnt something she did, could there be another reason why those men tried to harm her? And if it wasnt Doug, who else had a motive?

Chapter Eight --

I thought about Mimi, the former member of the Board of Ed. She had been forced to resign after the affair became fodder for local gossip. The public backlash over the shabby treatment Carole received from her husband and his mistress didnt die down as quickly as Mimi hoped. When she left for her new job as a corporate lawyer and town solicitor, it was clear she expected to re-launch her political career. Those triplets were almost ready to walk and talk. Maybe Mimi felt this was the time to put herself back into the public spotlight. What if this was her effort to somehow make Carole look like an unfit mother?
That doesnt make any sense, I said into the darkness, hearing my own voice break the stillness. It has to be something else.
Between the constant, dull ache of my shoulder and the nagging worry that Daisy was in grave danger, I tossed and turned until three, when I got up, thinking I would watch something on TV downstairs. As I padded into the living room, I found myself wondering if Doc was still awake. Pulling the drapes apart a scant six inches or so, I peered out. Docs van was gone, and in its place was a dark pickup truck, not unlike the one that carted away Daisys fleeing assailant. For a moment, my heart stopped. I saw a slight movement in the front seat, and then a man got out. I clung to the shadows, glad that I hadnt turned on the lamp. I watched as he headed towards the Walchuk unit.
The rush up to the bedroom to retrieve my cell phone took a lot out of me. I was moaning and groaning by the time I finally wrapped my trembling fingers around the case and went through my contacts list to find Docs number. I hit call and waited. Seconds later, it went to voicemail. When it beeped, I left a breathy message.
Doc, theres a guy heading for Caroles condo. He got out of a dark pickup truck. I think it might be the guy from the other night. As soon as I hung up, I dialed Caroles cell. She answered on the third ring. Theres a man heading to your house and Docs gone!
Its okay, Cady, she told me, her voice calm. Doc took us to a safe place. He and his friends are waiting inside the house.
Oh. Relief flooded over me, knowing that Carole and the kids were elsewhere. I was glad Doc was careful enough to remove them, but I wished he had shared that with me. I wondered what would happen next. When I asked, Carole told me Doc had been rather vague about the plan.
Call me when its over, I told her, before I terminated the call and stumbled back to the window. The truck was still parked in its spot, but its driver was nowhere to be seen. I pulled the ottoman over to the window and sat down, wondering, waiting. Listening. The minutes ticked on. A glance at the living room clock told me it was quarter past three. Another fifteen minutes crawled by before I saw a giant black spider sprint across the sidewalk, like something out of a horror film. As I looked closer, I saw it was really four men, all dressed in black, restraining a fifth man. The man from the pickup truck. The man who assaulted Daisy. He was tossed in the bed of the truck, accompanied by two of his guards, while a third got behind the wheel. The fourth man passed in front of my living room window before disappearing. It was Doc. A minute later, Docs van pulled beside the pickup truck. In the faint light, I observed the pickup truck driver sliding over on the front seat. Suddenly his head was out the window. There seemed to be a conversation going on between Doc and the driver. It ended quickly. Doc backed his van out of the space and rolled about fifty feet forward. The lights on the truck went on, the engine started up, and the truck slowly backed out of the parking spot. Taking its place behind Docs van, the pickup truck followed dutifully, and the two vehicles left the parking lot of the Soundings. The tail lights glowed deep red as they wound their way out to Sandy Point Road.
Ten minutes later, I was back in bed, propped up on a pile of pillows in the hope of getting comfortable. No longer worried about Daisys fate, I drifted off to a dreamless sleep.
Just after seven, I awoke to a banging on my front door. Hurrying down the stairs, I wrapped my robe around my sore shoulder, peeked out the sidelight, and recognized the medic on my doorstep.
Doc!
Cady, he nodded noncommittally.
Come on in, I urged him, throwing open the door. Doc seemed secretive, almost guarded. How did it go last night?
Fine. No explanation.
So, you got the guy? I had to know.
Yup.
What did you do with him? Docs eyes seemed guarded, unwilling to meet mine. He brushed past me as I stood in the doorway, his overnight bag in hand.
We took care of the problem. He wont be bothering Daisy or anyone else anymore.
Was he arrested? Persistent, I couldnt let it go.
Hey, if we dont get a move on, were going to be late, and youve got to get that cake to the wedding on time, he reminded me. Ill take a quick shower and then make some breakfast for us.
With that, Doc disappeared up the stairs, and a few moments later, I heard the shower running. I hauled my aching body back up the stairs, made my bed using my good arm, and laid out my clothes for the day. I picked a big shirt with buttons, a colorful scarf to use as a belt, and another pair of leggings that were easy to put on, easy to take off. I would look like a hippie who escaped from a seventies love-in, but at least I would be comfortable.
Doc paused at my bedroom door on his way downstairs.
One egg or two? he asked.
One, please.
One piece of toast or two?
One, please.
Juice?
Please. Doc, what did you do with the guy?
Nothing you have to worry about, Cady.
But I do. I saw you and your friends last night.
Did you? Docs eyes got narrow. I nodded. And now you want to know where we buried the body?
I gasped as Doc uttered those words and they made their way into my brain. It hadnt occurred to me that they murdered the man who assaulted Daisy.
You killed him? My heart was pounding as I stood in my bedroom, feeling very vulnerable. I was facing a dangerous man. Would I be his next victim now that he had confessed his crime to me? Those green eyes bore a hole right through my forehead.
Well, isnt that what youre afraid of, Cady? That we offed the guy, all because we didnt haul his bad ass self to the police department?
I stood there, stunned, not really sure how to answer. All I knew was that there was a stranger in my bedroom. Glancing around, I wondered where I would go to escape him. Had he wormed his way into my life because he was a cold-blooded killer or because hed had some kind of psychological breakdown? What had I let myself in for when I let down my guard?
Relax, Cady. The guys alive and well and kicking up his heels far, far away by now. Yes, we snatched him. Yes, we took him to what we in the Army like to call an undisclosed location. We questioned him, scared the hell out of him, and then a couple of the guys drove his lowlife ass up to the Canadian border, warned him not to come back to Old Saybrook anytime soon, and then left him there. He was alive and well.
Really? I hadnt realized I was holding my breath until I heard those words and the air escaped from my lips in a whoosh. Doc was shaking his head, but his lips curled up into a slight smile.
You sure do have trust issues, dont you? he chuckled. Its a wonder you ever had a boyfriend.
Im not that bad, I responded defensively.
Not that bad? Good God, woman! Every time I do something, you assume the worst. Its like you cant help yourself. Doc paused on his way out of the bedroom. Shake a leg. That wedding cake isnt going to bake itself, Fanny Farmer.
When I came down, dressed and ready for work, Doc was at the fry pan.
Over easy or sunny side up?
Put a little sunshine in my life, Doc, I found myself saying. He glanced at me with a look of surprise before giving me a grin.
Youve got it. As he set down the plate in front of me, I realized that something had changed between us. I had never realized how much I mistrusted men. Not just some men. All men. Doc was the only man who ever called me on it. And he wasnt afraid to poke at the scab.
We got to the shop a little before nine. Carole was sitting at the cash register, talking to Karl Schindler about the upcoming book talk at the library, featuring Mona Dubiel, author of Thunder in the Valley. If I didnt know better, Id think he had the hots for my friend. And judging from the rosy cheeks on Carole, it might be mutual. Darlene was icing pastries at the counter behind her and she gave me a little smirk as she nodded at the pair of them. I hid my own mirth as I passed by on my way to my tiny cubicle of an office. Tossing down my pocketbook, I slipped my coat off my shoulders and went through the mail. Walter was busy in the kitchen and Doc went to help him. I could hear them talking as they worked. I noticed that Doc treated Walter with respect, asking questions about why he did certain things that way. The experienced baker explained the processes to the novice, and even as I listened, I found myself learning a thing or two. There was more to Walter than just a reliable employee who always showed up for his shift.
What branch? I heard Doc ask.
Air Force. I was stationed at Phan Rang for a while, later Korat in Thailand. Air traffic controller. They chatted about how stressful the job was of monitoring the comings and goings of the larger aircraft on the base, and how there were many close calls back during the Vietnam War. You?
Iraq, Afghanistan. Medic.
Brutal, Walter responded. Those IEDs are bitch. We didnt have to deal with that crap in my day.
Youve got that right, buddy. You had other stuff thrown at you, though.
Yeah, we did.
The men worked side by side as the morning went on. I paid the bills, put in supply orders, and by noon, I was ready to roast coffee to replace our dwindling supply of beans.
Doc, can I get some help with this? I asked, my hand on the roaster.
No problem. Whats the plan?
I went over all the details of how the machine worked and what to watch for, and then I gave him a formula for the two-pound batches we would roast over the next several hours. He would add the green coffee beans in the proportions I gave him and each batch would go through an eighteen-minute process. If we did it continually for the next four hours, wed end up with about twelve pounds of beans, enough to last about two days at Cadys Cakes.
You know, you could sell your coffee in little bags, probably make some decent money, he told me after he complete three rounds with the roasting machine.
Enjoying the process, Doc? I had to laugh. I could see he was getting into it. No doubt he was still in search of that perfect cup of coffee. By the time we had the Henslacker wedding cake in the oven, baking, Doc was even more enthusiastic.
You could sell the beans, Cady, in little bags with your store logo. You could probably turn a good profit on it.
The coffee is really just a sideline for me, I explained. Im really a baker, Doc.
But still....
We had our back-up cakes ready to go into the freezer by two-thirty. Normally, I didnt ever freeze my cakes, but I needed to hedge my bets for the wedding, just in case we faced another disaster. If I didnt need them, I would frost them and sell them as individual cakes or slices in the shop after the wedding. Tomorrow, we would bake the actual wedding cake I would use, frost it, and come Saturday morning, it would be decorated and delivered to the Saybrook Point Inn.
Daisy, how are you? I heard Mrs. Ruttinger call out from the front of the shop. I heard what happened. Im so sorry you had that terrible experience, dear.
The elderly ladys kind voice floated through the air like a warm hug and soon several other voices were raised in agreement. It seemed to bring comfort to the teenage girl that so many town folk commiserated with her plight. I poked my head out in time to see the group conversing at the little table where Dorothy Ruttiger sat with her afternoon cup of English tea, a weekday ritual at Cadys Cakes. I went back to the kitchen, knowing that Daisy would find me soon enough.
I was showing Doc how to run the commercial dishwasher when I felt a hand on my good shoulder.
Guess what. Rowan McGowen asked me if I wanted to be in his study group for biology. Daisy had a satisfied smile on her face. The handsome boy was constantly being chased by the majority of girls at the high school.
Thats good, I told her, returning the smile.
It gets better. Jacinda Olav got really mad at him for inviting me.
And thats good because.... I wasnt sure where she was going with that.
He told her to stop being such a bitch and thats when she tried to slap him!
By now Doc was leaning back against the counter, fascinated by the teenage tales of high school angst. Walter had to work around him. Doc didnt seem to care. He was focused on the girl.
Please tell me he wasnt dumb enough to hit her back, Doc wanted to know.
Oh, she didnt even get to hit him. Rowan grabbed her hand, but Mrs. Pazzo saw the whole thing and now Jacinda has detention for two whole weeks! It was hard to ignore the glee in Daisys voice. She had finally been vindicated. The teen queen who ruled the halls with an iron fist had gotten her comeuppance. And shes out of the study group!
Leave it to the young to bounce back. I realized how different my experience was as a teenager compared with what Daisy had gone through. All around her were adults who looked out for her and protected her. We were not going to let her suffer, no matter what the purpose of the attack, be it an assailant at night in the parking lot behind the shop or a teenage bully who wanted to get rid of her competition for the teenage heartthrob in biology class. A little part of me suddenly felt a pang of jealousy. Why not me? Why couldnt I have been the lucky one, instead of being the girl brutalized by the man with the bad breath and cruel hands? Why did I have to carry this shame with me everywhere I went? Because I earned it. Because I didnt fight hard enough. I didnt run fast enough. Because I failed to get away. As soon as I felt those feelings, I pushed back, trying desperately to keep them at bay. There was a world of difference between what happened last night and what happened all those years ago. Daisy didnt deserve what happened to her last night. She was just a kid taking out the trash. But then, neither did I all those years ago. I was just a kid saying goodbye to my dying mother. I was just waiting for Aunt Pinkie to take me home with her. Not my own home. Her home. A place I never really ever felt I belonged. I should have been with my mother, but she got sick and died. I should have been with my father, but he was killed in the war. So many reasons for heartache -- that assault was just the rotten cherry on a horrible sundae. All I had ever wanted as a kid was to have a real family, my real family, even before I was touched that night by a man who left his indelible mark on my soul. It was one moment in time, but it had forever wrenched me out of line and cut me loose from the pack. I was destined to drift through life, unable to anchor my heart to any other. I didnt even want to have kids, for fear of somehow causing them the same kind of pain I had experienced. Would I always be alone?
Looking back on the events of that night, I could see it wasnt a lack of trying on the part of Aunt Pinkie, my mother or even Roger. Aunt Pinkie was trying to comfort my mother as she lay dying that night. Roger was thousands of miles away, on his submarine, unable to come home and be with us. And I was aching for what I knew was to come, my mothers final breath. My assailant took pleasure in adding to my burden of pain, using the cover of darkness for his evil act, but it was because he saw me in the light that I became his target. Coming out of the hospital, a girl alone and crying. What kind of monster attacks such a wretched soul?
You okay? It was Doc, speaking softly into my ear. A little flashback?

Chapter Nine --

Mmm.... I didnt trust myself to speak. Instead, I surreptitiously wiped away a stray tear. Time to pick myself up with my bootstraps, before I completely crumbled under the weight of the past. I headed back into the office cubicle to compose myself. It must have been the trip to the emergency room last night that triggered all these memories. I still could remember Aunt Pinkie and the hospital security guards escorting me into the brightly lit room, the doctor gently checking me over for injuries, giving me a shot, probably penicillin. He was kind, apologetic. All the adults were. They kept telling me it wasnt my fault. But if it wasnt my fault, whose was it? Someone had to be responsible. Someone let that man do horrible things to me.
Only child? Doc was watching me from the doorway and his voice startled me.
Whats that got to do with anything? I wanted to know.
Not much in the way of family after your mother died. Not much in the way of support.
I did okay. Aunt Pinkie was a great comfort. She took very good care of me, I said defensively.
Of course she did. But she was only one person, Cady.
Whats your point, Doc? I snapped, feeling like I was under the microscope.
Youre not used to people helping you. Youre not used to having anyone really do for you. I saw that look on your face. I just want you to know that what happened back when you were a kid was terrible. It shouldnt have happened, but it did. It wont ever completely disappear. But what you learned was real. Thats what drove you to the door last night, to check on Daisy. You prevented her from having her childhood snatched away from her. You did a good thing.
Sure. I put a hand up to my brow, trying to keep Doc from looking into my eyes.
The pain of a traumatic event never really goes away, Cady, until you confront what happened to you, you mourn it, and you make your peace.
Like you? I snapped. Did Doc really know so much about the subject? He was acting like he was an expert. I just wasnt sure I wanted a lecture from someone who had never walked the walk. Its hard to explain how hard it is to get the stink of an assault off of you, no matter how much soap you use or how long you stay under the water. Long after the sweat of my assailant was washed down the drain, I could still smell him on me every once in awhile, like when I showed up at the hospital emergency room twice in a week. I felt like I was reliving the horror of those days, and most of all, that hole in my heart because my mother was gone and I was alone.
Its the only way you can go on living. Otherwise, youre just going through the motions. My last tour of duty, I lost twenty guys. I just couldnt save them from their catastrophic wounds. I couldnt patch up their broken bodies. Two of them bled out on me as I stitched them up. I took me awhile to understand that their injuries were bigger than my skills. Even a team of surgeons wouldnt have been able to save those boys. Doesnt mean Im okay with it.
But dont you ever get mad that it happened? I searched those green eyes for answers. 
I learned a long time ago that life isnt fair, Cady. You do the best you can with what youve got. In a perfect world, every kid would have a shiny bike and ice cream coming out the ying yang and two parents who adore her. But thats not always what life turns out to be, is it? When you look back, you have to look not only at the bad, Cady, but at the good. Those experiences make you the person you are, even as horrible as they are. The answers arent always pretty, but if we cant find ourselves in what we do as people, were just disconnected from what makes us human. That guy took something precious from you when he attacked you, but he probably wasnt even thinking about that. He was in search of someone to hurt because he felt justified in hurting another human being. It doesnt necessarily matter why he did what he did. Its enough that he did it. But when you look back, see what really made you vulnerable. And when you do, maybe, just maybe, youll stop being angry with yourself for not preventing it. Maybe, just maybe, you didnt have the skills to save yourself.
What? Stunned, I sat back in my chair.
Youve spent decades beating the young Cady up for not being smart enough or fast enough to get away. Now no one ever gets close enough to you to actually hurt you because you think thats what will keep you safe. You have a sweet candy shell around a soft middle, but that shell is pretty hard and pretty thick. That middle is the one place no one ever really goes, isnt it? Youre kind, youre good, but youre alone, and you like it that way.
How...how dare you! I sputtered, wanting to push Doc into the street, maybe even under a bus. Here was a man who just showed up one day, and before I knew it, he was baking my cakes and roasting my coffee beans and saving Daisy from a man who wanted to do her harm.
How dare I? I dare because Im the pot calling the kettle black. Takes one to know one. And Im still working it out. And with that, Doc turned around and went back to the kitchen, leaving me dumbstruck in my office chair.
By six, the kitchen was all cleaned up and ready for Walter when he arrived in the wee hours of Friday morning. The coffee beans were in their airtight containers, ready to be ground up. Daisy had decorated the wedding bell cookies and they were in their own boxes, waiting to be bagged for Saturday. And Doc was nowhere to be seen.
How are we going to get home? I wondered aloud to the only other person in the shop.
He said we should chill out, hed be back.
Oh.
Did he say where he was going, Daze?
Nope. She was busy texting her friend. Vicki says hi.
Tell Vicki I said hi back, I told her, peering out the front window. There were a few people on foot. There was a light rain coming down, leaving the night shrouded in mist. The day had been warm and now the temperature was dropping. Across the way, the lights went out in Ben Johnsons accounting office. I watched him lock up before he strode down the street to his car, his tweed fedora keeping his head dry.
At ten after six, I considered calling a local cab, but decided to give Doc a few more minutes. It was just as well. At six-fifteen, he was banging at the front door, a large package in his arms.
Sorry, he told me, squeezing past me as he came in. I had some trouble picking it up at the UPS office.
What is that? I wondered.
The flowers for the wedding cake. The UPS guy was late last night, so he left the slip on the front door.
I had completely forgotten about the package with the gumpaste decorations. How had that happened? Daisy had been attacked.
Thank you, Doc, I told him.
Dont thank me, Cady. It was Walter who pointed it out to me. He found the slip when he got here this morning. I made a mental note to thank my baker tomorrow. Where do you want these?
We took them into the kitchen to inspect them, on the off chance I would have to order more if we had a box of broken decorations. I was pleasantly surprised. All of the delicate flower sprays looked fabulous. The Henslacker cake was sure to be a hit.
Shall we pick up pizzas on the way home? Doc asked.
My mom made dinner already, Daisy sighed. Fish. Ugh. Boy, pizza would be really good tonight.
Well do it another time, was Docs reply. Well have a little party after we deliver the wedding cake to the bride and groom. But we should get going before the roads ice up. The weather report is calling for more freezing rain.
Daisy sat on the air mattress in the back of the van on the way back to the Soundings. I sat up front, next to the determined driver. The windshield wipers kicked out a steady rhythm as they cleaned away the tiny sprinkles that hit the glass surface. Doc hit a couple of patches of black ice. I knew because I saw how tightly he gripped the wheel and steered into the skid.
Am I going with you on Saturday to deliver the cake? the teenager asked.
Why? Did you want to go?
Are you kidding? Its the Saybrook Point Inn. That place is gorgeous!
Well, I...we could use your help, I told her. Doc took his eyes off the road long enough to give me a wink. Besides, dont forget we have to bag all those cookies and tie them with the gold ribbon.
Are you going to be able to do the royal icing, Cady? That cake is supposed to look like lace, remember.
Well see. It depends on how my shoulder feels.
Doc pulled into a parking space in front of my unit. Daisy popped out of the back, text books in hand, and slid the van door shut. See you guys tomorrow.
Tomorrow, Doc replied.
Good night, Daisy, I called after her. She threw a hand up in the air as she practically skipped down the sidewalk. What did you tell her about the man you grabbed last night?
Doc looked at me, standing a few feet away. And then he shrugged.
I told her we delivered a message, that he was to stay away from Daisy and her family or my buddies and I would hunt him down.
And she didnt want to know why you didnt take him to the cops?
Nope. Doc pulled his raincoat closed. Raindrops fogged up his glasses as we stood there.
Doc, why didnt you?
You want to go out for a bite? he asked. Its either that or we get inside, before one of us catches a chill.
I unlocked the front door, flicked on the living room lights, and felt Docs hands carefully removing the coat from my shoulders. He hung it up in the hall closet, along with his oversized raincoat.
You want to know why we didnt bring that guy down to the local police department? I nodded. He sat me down on the sofa and plunked down beside me. It has to do with what the bastard told us before we took him for that little drive up north. We caught him peeking in the windows. He was there to do surveillance. It seems Daisys stepmother hired his buddy to kill her.
What? One look at Doc told me he was telling the truth. Mimi hired a couple of guys to kill Daisy. But why?
The bastard said they didnt know. His buddy got three thousand bucks upfront, and he was supposed to get ten thousand more when they delivered the proof Daisy was dead.
You have got to be kidding me! My hands felt cold and clammy on my lap. I couldnt fathom why anyone would want to kill that poor girl. But Mimi? Why? She got Doug. She had her triplets. She even had her career as an attorney. If anything, she had it all. Why would she want to kill a teenager? And why not Dylan and Carole, while she was at it?
Cady? Doc was looking at me with concern. You okay?
I just dont understand it.
Were going to get to the bottom of it, believe me. Theres a sting in the works. You remember I told you we took the driver of the pickup for a ride? Thats because he flipped on his pal. We got the second guy and dragged him...er, convinced him to accompany us to the police station and make a confession, because he was the one who did the actual assault and collected the retainer for the hit. He confirmed his buddy was just along for the ride.
So, what happens now?
We give Mimi a new hitman to hire to finish the job. She doesnt know the first one got caught. Were going to lure her to Connecticut, so the local cops have jurisdiction. Well record everything.
We? You mean youre going to pretend to be a hitman?
I was a medic on a special forces team, Cady. I have the chops to be a really scary guy. Besides, the local cops are all well-known, and Mimi used to be on the Board of Ed. She might reach out to her contacts and ask around. That would blow the whole deal. We dont want to let her off the hook.
True, I agreed. But what if she doesnt take the bait?
Oh, shell take the bait, he insisted. By the time Im done, shell even ask me to whack the rest of the family.
What?
For another five grand, Ill be happy to take out Carole and Dylan.

Chapter Ten --

You wouldnt dare! I cried.
Cady, for Gods sake! Doc frowned at me. Im not really going to kill anyone!
Oh. Right. For a moment, I could imagine Doc actually doing the dirty deed and the thought chilled me to the bone.
Seriously, you have to get a grip on yourself.
I knew Doc was right. The strain of the last few days was catching up to me. All these emotional triggers were compromising my good judgment.
Why dont you let me take you out for a pasta dinner, Cady? Well kick back over some chianti and talk about pleasant things. I owe you for your hospitality.
What if we stayed in and had something here? I made some sauce last week. Its in the freezer. And I have some rustic bread we could toast. There are salad fixings in the fridge....
Is that your way of saying no?
The weather outside is turning nasty, Doc, I reminded him. And its been a long day.
And youre not comfortable having me pick up the tab, because then the teeter totter has tipped in my favor, is that it?
Well, I smiled, you could go to the liquor store and find us a nice wine that goes with a red sauce.
Youre a funny duck, Cady. Ive never met a woman as complicated as you.
Takes one to know one, I replied. Ill start the pasta if you can put the pot on the burner for me.
Doc filled a kettle with water and carried it over to the top of the range. I turned the burner knob, started up the vent, and pulled the container of spaghetti sauce out of the freezer. He was putting his coat and hat on when I stopped him at the door.
Hey, Doc, since youre going to the liquor store, can you make another stop?
Sure, he told me, keys in hand.
Pick up some ice cream for dessert. I dont know about you, but this kid needs a treat. He threw back his head and chuckled.
Right. Any particular flavor?
Surprise me. Anything but licorice.
Youve got it.
Twenty minutes later, he was back with a hand-packed pint of peach ice cream and a bottle of chianti classico. I had everything ready. I used tongs to shake the water off of strands of pasta before putting it into the sauce to simmer. Doc worked around me, taking the big pot off the stove when I was done and dumping the water. As he started to wash the pot, I stopped him.
You have to use hot water on a hot pan or youll buckle the bottom and it wont distribute the heat evenly anymore.
I did not know that, he said, turning on the hot water.
I ruined an expensive set of cookware learning that lesson the hard way.
I set the table, using cloth napkins and big pasta bowls. I put out some Parmesan cheese in a dish and then the tossed salad in smaller bowls. The buttered bread came out of the oven in its foil packet and I placed it in a wicker basket that I set upon the table. Doc and I ate in between companionable conversation, occasionally throwing out comments on everything ranging from politics to art.
Have you ever been to the Florence Griswold Museum over in Old Lyme? It has some great American Impressionist works in the collection. Nice spot along the river, too. In the summer, you can see the osprey nesting on the wooden platforms, I told Doc. Roger Tory Peterson, who wrote all those field guides to birding, lived in Old Lyme. His house was called The Cedars. We used to see him occasionally at the A&P with his wife when I was young.
Where did you grow up? Doc wanted to know.
I spent my early years near the sub base. Groton, Mystic, New London. Aunt Pinkie originally worked at Shoreline Savings and Loan. When that was bought up by Livingston Trust, she was offered a position as assistant bank manager. The job was down in New Haven, but the love of her life was up in Newport with his wife, so she moved to Old Saybrook. It was kind of a halfway point for her. I went to high school here. Bought my school clothes at Thurstons every August. Walked to school, walked to the shops. It was a nice life.
Pinkie never married? Doc wanted to know.
Allen never quite got around to leaving the queen of plumbing fixtures.
She should have flushed the rat down the toilet, Doc scowled. No woman should waste her time on a guy who cant make up his mind where he should be.
Oh, I sighed sadly, I think Allen did make up his mind. He had his cake on the side and his dinner at home. He once told me he just couldnt survive without his wifes fortune. He was telling the truth.
Your aunt deserved better.
Yes, she did. But I think she told herself she had invested so much time and energy into Allen that to quit the relationship meant she had made a bad decision that cost her too many years. It would have been proof she failed as a woman. She never could quite make that admission, to herself or anyone else.
My mother was in love with a married man after my father passed away. I was fifteen when they got together. He strung her along for years, kept her from finding someone else. He rented a house for her and convinced her to quit her job. He promised to take care of her. And in the end, when he died suddenly of a heart attack, she was left out in the cold. When his widow found out about the arrangement, that all came to a end. You cant really blame her.
What did your mother do? I wondered.
Fifty four years old. What could she do? She became a house mother at a fraternity. She cooked and cleaned for the college boys until she retired. Her first trip to Florida, she met a widower named Frank. He was really good to her. They spent the next six years traveling.
When did she pass away? 
Annie? Oh, shes still alive and kicking. Still with Frank, too. Married now. They spend half the year up in Avon, the rest of the year in Boca Raton. Youll like them. Theyre good people, he told me. I wondered if I ever would actually meet them. It would be interesting to get to know Docs mother and stepfather.
Brothers and sisters? I tossed the question out as I helped myself to more bread. Doc poured me some more chianti.
An older brother, Dennis. Chiropractor up in Hartford. Divorced. Three kids in college.
Ouch. That must cost a bundle.
True. But I never married. I dont have any kids of my own. I started a trust fund for the niece and nephews when they were kids. I put in three thousand bucks each year. Dennis used to ride me for being such a stickler. Told me I should use the money to take a trip, buy a house, take a wife. For years I listened to him tell me he had college covered, that there was no reason to keep putting money into the account. And then he got divorced. Wound up living in a little one-bedroom after they sold the Farmington McMansion. That money helped pay for those kids go to school, even when their parents were duking it out over who got the big screen television and who got the ski chalet in Vermont. Uncle Doc turned out to be a good guy after all.
It doesnt sound like you two are all that close, I commented.
Dennis has a different outlook on life. Hes all about making a name for himself, being a big shot. Me? Im still the baby brother.
Too bad, I said, sipping my wine. You never wanted kids, Doc?
Never got around to it. Figured Id do that when I got out of the Army.
And now?
Well, I took that job with the insurance company, so maybe Ill get around to it, he mused, one of these days.
Forgive me for saying this, Doc, but you dont really sound like your heart is in this insurance thing. Those green eyes gazed over at me. It doesnt really sound like a job you would enjoy.
Have to pay the bills, Cady. Cant sit around hoping the perfect job will just drop into my lap.
But dont you have a passion for something? Anything?
Besides coffee? He laughed. I spent so many years patching up broken bodies and bruised spirits, its really all I know, but Ive had enough. Im ready for a change. Im ready to hang up my spurs and start the next chapter of my life.
My cell phone buzzed in my pocket. Reaching in with my good hand, I pulled it out, reading the screen.
Caroles calling. I pushed the button and put the phone up to my ear. Hi there. Whats up?
Youre not going to believe this, she told me. Mimis coming for a visit. She wants to take Daisy out to dinner tomorrow night.
I hit the speaker button and put a finger to my lips, locking eyes with Doc.
That sounds like short notice. Why does Mimi want to take Daisy out to dinner? I asked, playing dumb.
I dont know. Its out of the blue, Cady. Should I be worried? 
Doc was shaking his head, providing my cues. I went along with his direction.
No, Carole. Im sure she just wants to see for herself that Daisys okay, I said reassuringly.
But I didnt tell Doug about the incident at the shop. Neither did Daisy. It doesnt make a lot of sense, Cady. As she spoke, Doc moved his chair closer to me, leaning on the back of my chair, whispering comments in my ear.
She has a lot of friends in the area, Carole. Maybe one of her political friends contacted her.
Maybe. Carole seemed to consider the possibility. Im sure youre right. Its nothing. Its just that Daisy said her father wants to change the custody. Im not sure I can afford another legal battle, Cady.
Perhaps it wont come to that, I suggested gently. The mediator said you needed your kids with you.
I know. I thought this was all settled. Why would Doug want to change things now?
What does Daisy want to do?
She says shell go, but shed rather not have to see Mimi.
Theres your answer.
Mimi wont take no for an answer, Cady. She told me she must insist on it, because what happens to Daisy affects her life, too. Docs eyebrows shot up when he heard that. I thought it was a little aggressive on the part of Dougs wife. Even as the stepmother, she still acted like she needed to throw her weight around. This wasnt a woman interested in building a relationship with Dougs children. But she seemed to be up to something specific for Friday night. I was suddenly relieved that Doc was right beside me, especially since I knew what Carole did not, that Mimi was willing to murder her stepdaughter.
In what way is Mimi affected? Carole pressed on. If you ask me, Mimis got everything she wanted. I think theyre having money problems. Maybe Doug thinks if he has the kids with him, it will save him money, especially now that they have the triplets. But thats just too damn bad. They have two incomes, Cady. And Doug chose to leave me. He chose to marry Mimi. They hired the surrogate to carry the triplets. Its not like theyve been swamped by bad luck.
I heard the unspoken truth hanging in the air. If anyone had had bad luck, it was Carole. She wanted desperately to be cured of her cancer. And she would have been quite content to stay married to Doug, to keep her family intact. Thats not how it worked out for her. I could understand her bitterness and disappointment. Doug had made some really bad decisions, climbing into that hole of his own accord. He squandered the decisions he made without thought for the people damaged by the result, while Caroles choices were much more limited. Live or die. Fight or give up. Life really wasnt fair, was it?
You know were all here for you, I repeated into the phone, all too aware of Docs mouth right by my ear. Whatever happens, you can count on us.
Thanks, she said softly. There was a long pause and I thought I heard a sniff on the other end. Or it could have been a sob.
You okay?
Sure. Im probably worrying about nothing. You might not understand this, but my kids are everything to me, Cady. I dont know what I would do if I lost them.
I do understand the importance of family. You wont lose them, Carole. I promise you that. Daisy wants to be with you and shes old enough to choose that for herself. Those were my words. Doc leaned back and nodded approvingly. And as for Dylan, he needs to be with his mother and grandparents. If Doug hadnt hooked up with Mimi and moved so far away, the kids could have had their dad involved in their lives. If Doug was smart, hed move back here and be available for his kids.
He changed so much since he met Mimi. There was a wistful note in her voice that was hard to ignore. I thought about what she was saying. It was true. He really had gone from being Mr. Reliable to being a selfish jerk. It was as if Mimi brought out the worst in him. She was so determined to be a politician -- the Board of Ed was her first stepping stone. Having a husband who was an assistant superintendent of schools was a lot more impressive than having a husband who was the principal of Miller Elementary. I wondered if Mimis ambitions ever overwhelmed Doug. It just makes me so sad. I never thought I would wind up like this.
I know, babe.
Its just so unfair.
Well, it is what it is. Maybe its time to build a new life for Carole, and leave Doug to wallow in the bed he made for himself. If I might just change the subject for a moment, whats with you and Karl Schindler? He seems to have the hots for you.
Nonsense. Youre just trying to make me forget about Doug. I heard the doubt in Caroles voice and burst out laughing.
Oh, my God! You didnt notice how he looked at you?
No way, she scoffed.
Carole, if you dont believe me, ask Darlene. And by the way, you need to get out and about more. Karl wasnt the only guy checking you out at the shop.
You mean that dishy Ross Gelber?
Ross Gelber? No, he wasnt one of the guys I was thinking of, but since you mention it, I think Ive made my point. Youre selling yourself short. Men cant find you attractive if they cant find you. That last sentence was Docs, and even as I said it, I got the point. Carole and I had a lot more in common than I realized. We both hid ourselves away to avoid letting any man break through the barriers that protected our hearts.
Thanks, Cady. Youre a good friend. And speaking of men, have you seen the way Doc looks at you? The man is smitten, if you ask me. Doc leaned back in his chair as I scrambled to silence the speaker phone function, but I wasnt in time. You should make a play for him. Hes pretty hot.
On that note, I groaned, rolling my eyes, Ill say good night. Call me if you need me.
Oh, I get it, laughed Carole, hes there with you now, isnt he? Daisy said he followed you home. Well, well, well!
Good night, Carole.
Good night, Cady. Dont do anything I wouldnt do.
Oh, lordy!

Chapter Eleven --

Docs arms were crossed as he sat there, observing my discomfort. Discombobulated by his attention, I rose and got busy collecting the remains of our dinner. He didnt say anything as I started to clear the table -- he just kept on watching my every move. I was surprised he didnt get up to help me, but then I realized I was doing just fine on my own. I loaded the dishes into the sink to scrape the food down the disposal and rinse them before putting them into the five-year-old, less-than-efficient dishwasher. Finally, he made his move and his point.
Why is the idea of dating me such a repellent idea? he growled from across the room.
Im sorry? I looked up at him from the kitchen sink. He got up out of his chair and took a seat at the counter opposite where I stood. Arms crossed defiantly, determined to have it out with me, he started pushing all my buttons, trying to locate one that would yield to him.
You were pretty quick to shoot down the idea of us dating. Why? Am I too hideous for you? That gnome face was set into a grim scowl.
When did I shoot the idea down? I asked. And Ill point out that you werent the one making the comment that we should date, Carole was.
So, if I asked you out, you would go? Why did I feel like a zookeeper who was about to get thrown in with the wild cats? Hungry wild cats. Ravenous, in fact. Wild cats in a cage, ready to tear me to pieces. I had to tread carefully.
Are you asking me out?
Should I? There was that snarl again.
We dont know each other very well, I countered, trying to figure out how to tame the beast that roared. Doc looked at me like I was the doe in his sights and he was getting ready to spring for the kill.
Is that a yes or a no? Doc was angry. There was no escaping that reality. The longer he sat, the more steam seemed to build up in that pressure cooker mind of his.
Youre asking me to make a decision? I finished loading the plates in and started on the glasses, dragging my feet as I tried to analyze the situation.
Which is it? There was something in his tone that really disturbed me. I thought I heard an ultimatum. And the second I looked up at him, I recognized it in his eyes. There was no turning back.
Right this minute? I turned off the faucet.
Yes. And stop stalling. Make a decision or Ill make it for you. For one millisecond, I hesitated. I tried to wrap my brain around the idea of Doc as a lover, not just a friend. Dare I risk it? What if it didnt work out? There was definitely something about him that I found appealing. He made me feel safe when he was around, like wed work out any problem that popped up in our way. I was getting used to having him in my life and I liked it. He challenged me in ways no one had before. I felt like I could be myself, warts and all. But at the same time, he was a difficult man. He did not suffer fools easily. He was pricklier than a porcupine. He was argumentative, even cantankerous. But in his own way, Doc was a healer; he wasnt afraid to cauterize a wound, especially an infected one. In the short time I had been spent with him, I had confronted a very difficult past with new eyes, new insight.
Times up, he announced, shoving his counter stool back quickly as he stood. Its been great knowing you, Cady. Have a nice life. In six strides he was at the hall closet by the front door.
Doc, wait! Panic filled my brain and I hurried after him. He was already pulling on his coat. Doc, please!
What? he responded gruffly.
Its not what you think, I answered. How did I explain this?
Oh? Im not the most hideous creature on the planet?
I...I dont want to lose you as a friend...if it doesnt work out. You...you get me, Doc. The real me. Not the one I show to the world. I started crying. Dont ask me why. Im not really sure. Im not normally given to a display of tears. But at that very moment, there was a big ball of pain lodged in my throat, and all I could think of was that if I let him walk out the door without telling him why I hesitated, I would never see him again. And suddenly I knew I couldnt bear that. If...if we date and for some reason it doesnt work out, it would...it would...break my heart.
For the first time in my life, I admitted my need for a man, my real need. Not for a partner in bed. Not for someone to waltz into my life with flowers and candy. For a man who was as imperfect as the day was long, who cut to the chase because it was the fastest way to get to where he was going. I was filled with doubts, about me, about Doc, about us, but I knew I couldnt risk losing him.
Please, Doc.
He stood there, swamped by his oversized raincoat, those dark-framed glasses perched on his nose. Hardly the epitome of the swashbuckling hero. Hardly a Hollywood heartthrob. I had never wanted a man more.
So, youre saying yes? He just wasnt going to let it go. He was going to make me say it, commit to it. As I struggled to answer, I knew that. All I had to do was say yes and he would be happy. But if I said yes, what would happen to me? His hand reached for the door in exasperation.
Yes! It was out in a short burst of air, draining my lungs so quickly, I gulped for more oxygen as my knees went weak.
Well, now that we have that established, Ill say good night, Cady. Pick you up tomorrow, bright and early. Before I could say a word, he leaned over, kissed me hard on the mouth, and went out the door without another word, leaving me spent on the threshold, wet tears still on my cheeks.
For the first time in several nights, I slept soundly. And when I awoke, my first thought was of Doc. I wondered what it would feel like to have his hands on me. To feel him touching every part of me. Would his lovemaking be as abrupt and rough as his conversations? Would it be a never-ending challenge? He certainly wasnt the kind of guy to swamp me with gifts or sweep me off my feet with prose. Doc was too straightforward for that. But maybe that was exactly what I needed. I thought back to Stephen. He was the antithesis of Doc, full of flowing conversation about everything under the sun, on the constant prowl for the next great gourmet find, embracing the luxuries of life with real gusto, even when that meant bouncing from bed to bed. Doc was such a measured guy, who inserted himself so totally into the equation that there was no way to ignore his presence. He was what he was and he wasnt going to apologize for it or beg for the opportunity. Thats what made him so appealing. It was his strength. Stephen couldnt commit to anything other than himself if his life depended on it. Doc was all about his word as bond. Stephen was the yacht that set sail without a final destination in mind, letting tide and current steer the course. Doc was the rescuing lifeboat that cut through choppy storm waters and aimed for shore with a determination to overcome the odds. Stephen was the nonchalant bon vivant who wanted to experience lifes excitement, who put a lot of time and energy into the act of seduction. The who was less important than the what, the where, the when and the how. Doc was the healer, the shaman who saw through the mask of bravado and went right to the heart of the matter. He wanted what he wanted. It was all about people, but Docs standards were pretty high, as were his expectations. Two very different men. Stephen had been a pleasure trip, nothing more. I always knew we would eventually part. I even counted on it. When the party was over, both of us would move on. But Doc was a commitment. He wasnt afraid to do battle. He wouldnt try to charm me or win me over with sweet nothings uttered in my ear. He would push and poke and prod me on my way, but he would be there by my side on the entire journey, come hell or high water.
I rolled over, tossing the covers off me as I sat up. My shoulder was still tender, but I was able to raise it higher, high enough that I might, after a hot shower, be able to wear my normal work apparel. I considered the choices in my closet, finally settling on a blue cotton scoop neck top and a pair of blue-and-white paisley stretch jeans. I had just made my bed and laid out my clothes when there was a heavy pounding on my front door. I headed downstairs.
Morning, sunshine. It was Doc, overnight case in hand. He gave me a peck on the cheek and snaked past me up the stairs. Ill be in the shower.
With that, I was left in the lurch, so I got busy, making coffee and mixing up a batch of buttermilk pancakes. By the time he was down fifteen minutes later, clean-shaven and ready for work, breakfast was warming in the oven, juice was on the table, and I had read the front section of the newspaper.
Flapjacks -- my favorite. Doc helped himself to four, buttered each one, and then doused them all in syrup. He grabbed the sports section and buried his nose in it. He barely noticed that I left the table five minutes later.
The shower did help me relax. I could feel the ache melting away as I stood under the flowing water. My body was still black and blue here and there, but most of the bruises had begun to fade to purple. It was easier to shampoo my hair today.
By quarter of eight, I was dressed. I threw my hair back into a ponytail, added a blue scrunchie, and put on my makeup before heading downstairs. Doc was on the phone.
Right. Right. Okay then. Sure. He nodded several times, his expression intense. Got it. Will do.
He had already done the washing up. The dishes were in the dishwasher. The griddle was clean and back on the range. The newspaper was stacked into a neat pile on the table. I finished the regional news while I waited.
Youre going to love this, he told me as he hung up. Mimi got a call from her hired hitman, telling her that the cops were onto him, so he couldnt do the job. But he had a guy who could do it. His buddy, the guy he already had helping out at Cadys Cakes.
You?
Explains what Im doing at the shop, right? he chuckled. Shell buy it because the guy told her he hired me to get information on Daisys movements, and since the assault took place in the parking lot, Mimi thinks this is now a done deal. She didnt even balk at my fee of ten thousand dollars. The only hitch is that she wants it done tomorrow, right after her plane leaves, and she wants it to look like an accident, so no one will suspect her. Im going to meet her at the train station in Clinton at 1:30.
Doc, do you think youll be able to get a confession? The thought of Mimi getting away with attempted murder was more than I could handle. If she was able to blow it all off, what would that do to Carole and the kids? How would Daisy feel, knowing her stepmother wanted her dead? Would she ever feel safe?
I still couldnt understand how Mimi, a mother of three, could even contemplate killing an innocent girl like Daisy. Doc had a theory about it.
For some reason, Mimi has it in her head that Daisy stands in her way of achieving a goal. Shes got to get rid of her. You said that Doug wants to change Dylans custody.
I did.
Mind if I just do a quick search? Doc went over to my computer and woke it up with a swish of the mouse. Mimi Walchuk. Ah, here she is. Miriam Bithous Walchuk.
I read over Docs shoulder as he scanned through the stories about her. She was clearly pressing forth with her effort to launch a political career. She was recently named as candidate for the State Board of Education. All she needed was the approval of the governor and the state senators and she would have a four-year term. Maryland Today, the regional magazine, did a feature piece on her at home and at work, touting her as an up-and-coming superstar. There were photos of her with the triplets and with Doug, but the reporter also slipped in the references to Carole and the kids, the messy divorce, and how Doug and Mimi had to move to get away from the stink of their affair. There were other articles on her charity work, donations made to charter school programs, and special educational events.
It looks like shes throwing a lot of money at her future, Doc decided. You would have thought triplets would put a damper on their finances, but Mimi must make a chunk of money.
Well, shes a lawyer. But wait, I said, reaching over Doc to point at the screen. Click on that.
What, this? It was an article written four months ago, about how Mimi decided to quit her job as a corporate attorney to concentrate on her three babies, giving up the live-in nanny in favor of a couple of daily helpers.
If theyre paying for help with the triplets, thats got to be taking a bite out of the budget. How much can Doug be making as an assistant superintendent?
We did a search of the salary for Dougs position, listed in the Maryland educational budget. Not nearly enough to pay for daily assistance with the triplets as well as Dougs share of child support.
And Daisys off to college shortly, I pointed out.
Dougs paying for three babies, all in diapers, and two kids from his first marriage. And his current wife quits her job and dumps the live-in nanny. Doc rolled that one around in his head for awhile. Know what Im thinking?
What?
Im thinking that Mimis been spreading the wealth around to all her pet projects and theres not enough left in the pot to send Daisy to college.
But theres a college fund, Doc. That was part of the custody agreement. Doug and Carole would each contribute to it.
That was before Mimi quit her job, right? Before she gave up that corporate salary. How much can she be bringing in as a town solicitor? She would have been better off staying at her job and keeping the nanny.
But if she did that, Doc, shed come off looking like a calculating politician, and people dont like that much ambition in their educators.
True. You said Doug wants to change the custody.
Yes, he wants Dylan to live with him.
Maybe he cant afford all the child support payments.

Chapter Twelve -- 

When Carole made the agreement, she was in the middle of treatment, so she had no real steady income. She was too sick from the chemo. Shes only just now getting back on her feet.
Its amazing that Mimi didnt take out a hit on Carole, Doc decided. But that wouldnt really solve her money problems, would it? No way she could buy a decent life insurance policy on the ex-wife, even for the benefit of the kids.
Maybe she bought one on Daisy, I suggested.
No, that wouldnt make any sense.
What about Daisys college fund? Its been untouchable up until now. If she dies, what happens to it? Surely there was a lot of money in it, given that Doug and Carole had faithfully stocked it over the years. And I know both sets of grandparents also have contributed to it.
Four kids is a lot less expensive than four kids and a teenager heading off to college. If Mimi kills Daisy, she might not just assume she gets a break on the child support, but maybe she gets her hands on the money set aside for Daisys future. Doc let go of the mouse.
Thats horrible.
More than you know, Cady. This meetings going to be a lulu. We should get going.
The morning went smoothly after that. When we got to the shop, Doc and I got busy on the wedding cake. With less pain, I was able to do more of the actual work, but I left it to Doc to carry the batter-filled pans to the ovens. By noon, we had all of the cakes baked and ready to be frosted. Doc brought out the cake board, I dabbed a good size dollop of frosting on the surface, and he carefully centered the largest layer on top of it. Once it was covered in buttercream, we rolled out the fondant, slipped it on top of the cake. The smooth surface was ready for the next layer. When we got to the fourth layer, we stood back, to make sure it was all level and even.
A masterpiece, Doc declared it.
It does look pretty good, I agreed.
By one, Doc was ready to head for the train station and I had my pastry bag in hand, ready to apply the lacy details to the cake.
Ill be back, he said, brushing past me as he squeezed my hand, the gesture hidden from Walter and Darlene.
Be careful, I warned him.
Why does Doc have to be careful? Darlene came around the corner with her bowl of melted white chocolate, ready to dip all of the almond shortbread wedding bells.
Hes got a meeting with a real tough customer.
Oh. Doc looks like he can handle himself in a rumble, Darlene decided. Hes my kind of man.
He is? I must have looked incredulous, because Darlene burst out laughing.
You dont think Doc is a catch? Cady, you really need to get out more.
You might be right, I smiled, thinking about our secret relationship. Once I had agreed to that date, it was like a weight had lifted off my shoulders. Time to get busy on the Henslacker cake. Wish me luck.
I spent the next two and a half hours putting the painstaking details onto the cake. With a close-up of the lace on Taras wedding gown in hand, I mimicked the pattern all over the surface of the cake, dotting on the icing, until it looked as if the cake had been draped in lace.
Beautiful, Darlene said on her way out of the kitchen before packing it in for the day. Walter gave his approval, too. Carole came in when there was a lull in customer traffic. She wanted to know the next steps.
Id love for my Daisy to learn how to do that. I think shed be really good at it, Cady.
Well, shes pretty good now at the calligraphy part of it. Shes going to put the names of the bride and groom on the cookies, and then shell packaged them in the special bags that the wedding guests will receive tomorrow.
Shes very excited that youre letting her help with that. Shes rather nervous about Mimis visit.
Can you blame her?
Not really. Carole shook her head. I just have a bad feeling about this whole thing. This past week has been a nightmare. First you, then Daisy. It feels like something terrible will happen.
Now, now. You have to have some faith, I told her. Sometimes the good guys win.
I hope so. I havent felt like a winner since Doug up and left me for that floozy!
Mimis not a floozy, I corrected her. A floozy is just a woman out for fun, right? Mimis more of a predator. She takes what she wants regardless of who she hurts in the process. What kind of woman breaks up a marriage with two kids involved?
What kind of idiot lets her?
Right. Doug was an idiot. I refilled my pastry bag with icing, changing the plain tip to a closed star, for some of the more elaborate markings on the cake that mimicked the Brussels lace flounce on the bottom of the dress.
Not Doug, she said softly. I looked up at her on the other side of the stainless steel work table. Her eyes were sad, as filled with tears as they were with unspoken regrets. I shouldnt have let him walk away, Cady. I should have fought for him.
Carole, you cant think that way. You were undergoing cancer treatment. You were in real peril. You had enough on your plate.
Still.... Her voice trailed off. Even after all this time, she still wanted the jerk back. It wasnt enough that he deserted her in her time of need. She thought it was her fault he left.
Carol, youre forgetting something. Those big brown eyes rose up, framed by auburn curls just now growing back after months of a bald pate. Am I?
Doug was a big boy and he made a big boy choice. It was a bad choice and it meant he left his family. Now he has a new family. Three new kids to take care of, not to mention a wife.
He was better off with us, she insisted. He should have stayed here.
But he didnt. Carole, there are some things you can change and some things that just are what they are. You cant make Doug want you. You cant make him appreciate you. If its not in him, its not in him.
I keep dreaming about him, Cady. I keep thinking hes miserable.
And yet, hes got his new life down in Maryland. You have to start thinking of you. If you spend the rest of your life hoping Doug will come to his senses, youre missing the bigger picture. If, and I say if, he wants to come back to you, its not that simple. Hell have to go through yet another expensive divorce, more child custody battles, job changes -- its much more complicated than just waking up one morning and deciding he wants to come back to you.
I dont know what Im going to do without him. Caroles mouth trembled as the tears welled up. I dont know what Im going to do.
Oh, dear. I put down the pastry bag and led her to my office. I led her to my chair and sat her down. Youre going to do what you have to do as a parent, to get Daisy ready for college. And youre going to keep Dylan engaged in his school work and his sports. And youre going to get yourself out of the house and back into your social circle. Youll do it one step at a time, one foot in front of the other. Youll survive this. You may not like the way it is, Carole. You may miss the hell out of Doug. But youll live through this horrible time.
The shop bell tinkled and I knew someone had entered, so I patted her hand before leaving to attend to customers. Five minutes later, I was back. Her eyes were red and she was blowing her nose.
Carole, I said as soothingly as possible, know what I think? I think you were so sick with the cancer and the chemo, you never properly ended your marriage. Is that possible?
What do you mean?
Everything kind of got shoved to the side because you were so nauseated and weak. You just didnt have it in you to handle the divorce, other than in little bits and pieces. Maybe its all catching up to you now because this is the first time in almost two and a half years that youre finally feeling better. There was a look in her eyes that suggested I hit a nerve.
I never cried when Doug left me. I just rolled over and went back to sleep. Thats all I wanted to do.
And now you have men paying attention to you again. They think youre attractive. Maybe theres a part of you that thinks you could have kept Doug if you hadnt had that cancer.
Maybe. I know he didnt like the scars.
Dont ask me why I said it. As soon as I did, I thought it was an idiotic thing to say to someone looking for that little piece of straw to cling to, that fleeting sense of hope.
Maybe it wasnt that Doug didnt like the scars, Carole. Maybe he was scared about what they really meant. Oh, I was so mad at myself for giving that rat an excuse for leaving my friend. But I didnt want her to think that the loss of her sex appeal was what drove that jerk away. I wanted her to think it was the bigger issue of cancer. That he might lose you.
So, what are you saying? He went out and replaced me before I died? There was a sharpness in Caroles tone as she took exception to my remark. We both gazed at each other like sisters, united in our fight against masculine stupidity. Oh, my God! Thats exactly what he did. That bastard got out while the getting was good. He couldnt stand the thought of me lingering, so he reinvented his life!
Watching her, I knew she had finally hit the nail on the head. And because her aim was so accurate, she managed to fix what really ailed her. The why of Dougs leaving. In that moment of clarity, my friend realized there was nothing she could have done differently. Doug would have left anyway. It was all about his inability to handle his own fears.
All this time.... A sense of wonder crept into her voice. Ive been beating myself up. Ive been thinking that I drove him away, my scars drove him away.
Real men dont leave, I told her. It was true. Roger didnt leave my mother. He was dedicated to her to the end. But Allen left Aunt Pinkie in the lurch over and over again. He faltered because he just couldnt quite commit to her whole-heartedly. Thats really what love was all about, wasnt it? You signed on for the duration, and when the going got tough, you worked harder to find the solutions. You didnt quit. You didnt go out and have an affair. You didnt leave your dying wife or your kids in search of a better life for yourself. Doc would never do that, any more than he would tolerate a lover who would. Doc was genuine. There was no guessing about how he felt. He was blunt, but he knew how he felt and he knew he was willing to do battle for what he believed in. Doug walked away from a good woman and two good kids, not because they did anything wrong, but because he put himself first. Carole finally saw the light. Maybe it was the last stage of really healing from all the hurt. Maybe it was the part where she could finally forgive herself for so vulnerable. So human.
Carole leaned back in my desk chair. There was new resolve behind the eyes. It was as if she had finally come to her senses and cast off that heavy weight. What was the point of surviving cancer, of doing the battle against a powerful foe, if you were going to go under because your ex-husband was a jerk?
You okay? I asked, already knowing the answer.
Karl asked me out on a date. Im going to go.
Really?
Really. A little smile tickled Caroles lips into curling up at the ends. She smoothed the pattern on her skirt, put a hand up to touch her earring, and then she pushed herself away from my desk and stood up.
I might even buy myself a new outfit.
Lovely. Just dont fall head over heels for the guy. Make him earn it.
I will. And now, if you will excuse me, I shall return to the cash register. She flounced out of the office with a new purpose in her stride. Good for her. Carole got her groove back.
Minutes later, Daisy arrived. She was followed into the shop by Doc, who gave me a little nod towards the kitchen. I left the teenager telling her mother all about her school day and let Doc lead the way out into the parking lot.
Youre not going to believe this. Mimi wants me to come down to Maryland after I get rid of Daisy and off Doug.
What?
Yes. And she wants me to set up Carole as the one who hired a hitman, so she can collect on the life insurance policy she just bought for Doug, because hes the chief breadwinner now.
Youve got to be kidding me.
And yet, Im not. I think its been the plan all along. Daisys death is supposed to look like anything but a hit, only those two clowns screwed up.
Thank God for that.
Of course, he agreed. But I think shes been planning to kill Doug all along. If all shes waited for is that job with the the State Board of Ed, shell be able to live a nice life, Cady, with Daisy and Doug gone, especially if Carole looks like she hired someone to kill her ex-husband. Mimi will get control of Dylan and all that trust money.
Unconscionable. What are you going to do about it? I wondered. He took my hands in his, gently, tenderly. At his touch, I found myself melting, fighting the urge to just drape my aching arms around his strong neck and be done with all this nonsense. I longed to just forget about the hitman and Mimi, about Doug being such a jerk, even about the Henslacker wedding. I wanted to get on with my own life, to get the chance to know Doc. The few brief, sweet kisses wed shared were like drops of nectar on the tongue of a woman stranded on a desert island -- they left me hungry for more. And all the while, as my body came alive at the thought of the nearness of him, I looked into those green eyes behind the thick glasses. Focus, Cady. There are more important things than love at this moment in time. Put that aside and concentrate on saving Daisy.
We got a good recording of all the planning she did, and the cops think they have enough for a pretty good prosecution, but this thing about hiring me to also kill Doug makes jurisdiction complicated. Thats crossing state lines, so now federal laws kick in. It might take a little while longer to really wrap this up.
Oh. I was disappointed. I admit that. I wanted Mimi in jail. I wanted Carole and the kids safe. I wanted Doug to know what he had gotten himself into because he was selfish. But I also wanted Doc free and clear of this mess, because I was ready to move on.
Not to worry. Well get through this. He leaned in and gently kissed my cheek, just brushing past my waiting lips.
I hope so, I sighed, wanting to give myself up to the tingling that effervesced in my blood.
I know so.

Chapter Thirteen --

At half past five, Doc drove Daisy home to get ready for her dinner with Mimi. He returned in time to carry the lacy cake into the walk-in refrigerator. All that was left to do was add the flower sprays and bees. We would do that first thing in the morning. And then we would make the ten-minute drive to the reception site, where we would deliver the decorated cake to the display table, for all the guests to ooh and aah.
At six, I locked up the shop and hopped into Docs waiting van at the curb. Just up the street, we stopped at Alforno Trattoria. The host seated us at a small table with bentwood chairs. The usual Friday crowd was chowing down on pizza and pasta. Doc and I took our time deciding what to have. Our server brought us a bottle of pinot grigio. We ordered calamari, lightly fried and served with aioli and tomato sauce, to share as a starter. I loved Docs way of digging in and enjoying every morsel. He kept urging me to eat, even as he stuck his fork in another tender piece. I ordered the pasta with littleneck clams in white sauce while Doc had the flounder Livornese. While we waited for our dishes to arrive, we had the house salads, served up with warm artisan bread. We talked about Italian food and wine, the Uffizi Gallery, Pompeii, and even the best ways to enjoy Italy on a budget. Doc had spent time on the Amalfi Coast as well as in Venice and Naples, and he regaled me with the highlights of his travels. I shared my opinions on the techniques of baking rustic breads and how I had always wanted to go to Lake Como. By the time we got around to dessert, Doc suggested we split a flourless chocolate ganache torte. I took a few nibbles in between sips of coffee, savoring the deep, dark chocolate on my tongue. We were just finishing up when my cell phone rang.
Its Carole, I told Doc. I hate to do this, but in case theres an emergency, I should answer it.
Not a problem, he reassured me.
Carole, whats up? Before my words were out of my mouth, she started talking.
Cady, Doug called me. He wanted to talk. Youre not going to believe this. He took the triplets and moved out of the house.
What? When?
Tonight. He said he was finished with Mimi. He caught her with another guy last week. They were making it in a car at the Metro station just outside Bowie. Cady, he was crying, saying that he totally screwed things up. He wants to move back to Connecticut with the babies.
This is very, very important, I said as calmly as I could. Does Mimi know that hes moved out?
Yes. He said he called her this afternoon to tell her. She was really mad, but he said it didnt matter. He wasnt going to put up with any more of her nonsense. Do you believe it -- she didnt tell him she was coming to Old Saybrook to see Daisy.
Hold on, I told her, muting the phone, so I could share the news with Doc. When I got done, he instructed me to find out where Mimi and Daisy were having dinner.
I dont know, Carole admitted. Daisy said shed leave her phone on, in case I needed her. Does that help?
Did she say what time Mimi was bringing her back?
No.
Well, its interesting about Doug, Ill give you that. What do you think youll do?
Honestly, Cady? I dont have a clue. I dont know how I feel at the moment.
Thats a healthy reaction. All the more reason to take a little time and think things through. Talk to you later.
Bye. Even as Carole signed off, Docs phone rang.
Yeah? His face went dark as he listened to his caller. Right. Right. It has to be tonight? Well, Im in the middle of something. Thats a change in plan. No, thatll cost you another ten grand.
Our server brought the check, dropping it off with a smile and a nod, while Doug was on the phone. As I reached for the folio, he slapped my hand away, wagging his finger at me as he frowned. Then he went back to his caller.
Hey, you dont want to pay? No problem. Find somebody else to do it. Your choice. No, no. Thats my fee. Take it or leave it. Non-negotiable. With that, he hung up. A moment later, the phone buzzed again. What? Is that right? You have the cash tonight or the deal is off.
Doc hung up again, looked over the bill, pulled out a credit card, and signaled our server. Before she had managed to cross the dining room to retrieve it, Docs phone rang again.
Now what? he growled. Fine. Where are you right now? Because I want to know. If I have to set this up for tonight, I want the advantage. Where is that? Okay, dont go anywhere. Ill be there in about twenty minutes.
After he hung up, he shook his head. That woman is horrible. Im supposed to kill Daisy tonight.
Six minutes later, Doc dropped me off with instructions to stay with Carole and Dylan until he got back. He waited until the door of the Walchuk condo opened and I was safely inside. He wouldnt explain why he wanted me there, but I could tell it was important to him. I didnt argue. I just watched him drive away with a little prayer that it would all go according to plan. I wanted Doc to bring Daisy home in one piece.
Dylan wanted to play crazy eights, so we sat around the kitchen table, flipping cards down, getting silly as the game progressed. Carole seemed relatively calm, considering her ex-husband had thrown her for a loop with his news. Each time he won, Dylan did his victory dance around the table, waving his arms and legs, making his mother and me chuckle. Carole settled for an over-the-head, arms-raised, cheer each time she threw down the winning card. I kept my celebratory movements low-key, given my sore shoulder, but I managed to hoot, for Dylans benefit.
By nine oclock, I was starting to get worried. Carole got Dylan off to bed and then suggested we move ourselves to the sofa, to watch a little TV. I noticed her eyes straying to the mantel clock as the minutes ticked on.
I hope theyll be home at a reasonable hour, she said to me. Daisys looking forward to that wedding tomorrow. I dont want her to be too tired to do a good job.
Im sure they wont be too much longer, I offered. I was wrong. By ten, Carole was nervous. She tried Daisys cell phone three times. It kept going to voicemail.
Maybe theres been an accident. Should we call the hospital?
No, lets give them a little more time. Another fifteen minutes. The minutes seemed to crawl by, and when there were just three to go, my cell phone went bing. It was a text from Doc. I glanced down at it.
Doug called Mimi. Said FBI called him -- children & ex-wife in danger. Warned her not do anything foolish. Took off with Daisy. Still trying to locate them. Dont tell Carole.
I didnt do a very good job of keeping a poker face. Carole knew something was wrong, so I tried to distract her.
Doc. We had a little tiff earlier. Hes mad at me. I threw in some of the lines from my very real fight with Doc about the date, figuring I could use the afternoons drama to keep Carole from thinking about her missing daughter. She tried to give me advice about Doc, telling me to give him a chance. I let her talk me into going out on a date with him. When I got done playing my part, I got up to use the powder room.
The doorbell rang while I was washing my hands. I couldnt hear who was at the door because of the overhead fan, so I sacrificed light for the opportunity to listen to the conversation just outside the door. I was hoping it was Doc and Daisy, but it didnt sound like it. Caroles voice had an edge to it. And then I could hear panic mixed in with the anger.
What are you going to do to us? Those were ominous words. In the dark, I stood frozen. Mimi had brought Daisy home at gunpoint.
My fingers fumbled on the phone as I dialed Doc. I didnt trust myself to text him. I needed to hear his voice.
Theyre here, I whispered. What do I do? She has a gun!
Ill call the local police. You stay where you are.
I could hear Mimi in the living room. She was forcing Daisy to duct tape Caroles hands and feet. The teenager was sobbing, begging her mother to forgive her. Carole was almost eerily calm. As Mimis voice rose in pitch and volume, Caroles grew softer.
Dont worry, Daisy. I know its not your fault. Youre a good daughter.
I dont want to die, sobbed the terrified teenager. Please!
Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! the frazzled stepmother screamed.
Once Carole was restrained, Mimi wanted Daisy to do the same thing to her little brother, and that meant going upstairs to retrieve the sleeping boy. This was too much for a girl on the verge of womanhood. Daisy begged her stepmother not to hurt the family. Mimi ignored the pleas.
Hurry up! she shouted. Get the little brat now or Ill shoot you in the knees. You wont die right away. The pain will be excruciating. 
Why go to the trouble of taping their arms and legs together? Why wake up a second-grader from his pleasant dreams and force him downstairs, where he would know only the sheer terror as he faced his death? Why force Daisy to do her dirty work? Power. Revenge. Mimi had come to Old Saybrook, first to eliminate Dougs daughter, and then, when the plan imploded in her face, to extract revenge on the innocent for ruining it for her. She wanted her victims to feel helpless as she killed them, one by one. Doug would have to live with the horror of knowing his family was murdered because he made Mimi mad.
I heard them go up the stairs, Daisy wailing as she went, Mimi screaming at her to be quiet. I could even hear them moving around as Daisy woke her little brother up. Taking advantage of the moment, I ran to the front door, my hands fumbling with the knob. A patrol car was just arriving. I stumbled out to meet the cops, leaving the door open as I fled.
Wait in the car! commanded one cop over his shoulder, passing me. Three cops made their way up to the front door cautiously. I was too scared to get in the car. I hovered behind it, watching, listening, praying. I could see the police moving silently, carefully into the condo. Slipping inside, they scattered. One went into the powder room. One ducked into the kitchen. The third disappeared in the direction of the living room.
Still upstairs, the sounds of Daisy sobbing cut through the night.
No, please! she cried. Ill carry him! Dont hurt him! 
A moment later, I saw feet on the stairs. The teenager appeared with her younger brother enfolded in her arms. 
What the hell? Mimi came down the stairs behind her, her gun in Daisys back. Why is that door open?
Reassured that Carole was still on the sofa and still restrained, Mimi dragged Dylan and Daisy into the front hall at gunpoint, so she could close the door. The last thing she expected was three cops pointing their weapons at the back of her head, especially when Dylan and Daisy, forewarned, dropped straight to the floor, leaving Mimi without her hostages.
Hands up! bellowed one cop.
Show me your hands! screamed another. 
I watched it all through the open doorway as I leaned against the patrol car, my knees weak, my heart pounding. The night exploded in a kaleidoscope of blue and red flashing lights as more police cars pulled up and cops rushed the house. The look of surprise on Mimis face was frozen in place, like some twisted death mask. With a howl of anguish, Mimi complied as uniformed officers moved in on her. The stepmother from hell gave up the fight. Just in time, too. As the local cops were cuffing her, a cavalcade of federal law enforcement vehicles converged on the condo complex. Agents poured out of their vehicles en masse. The next thing we knew, the Walchuk home was crowded with law enforcement people. For more than an hour, they came and went. Even the press showed up, wanting to interview Carole and Daisy, who declined. I was positioned at the front door as gatekeeper. When Doc arrived, he grabbed me and held me tight.
Im glad youre okay, babe, he whispered in my ear.
Is it finally over? I wondered. It still seemed unreal. 
Doc made his way through the law enforcement gauntlet surrounding the family and gave Daisy a big bear hug, telling her it was all going to be okay. The tearful teenager clung to him, as if she were a drowning swimmer washing up on the rocks. When she finally let go, Doc made his way over to the remaining Walchuks as they sat on the sofa. Mussing up Dylans hair with a friendly hand as the boy clung to his mother, Doc greeted Carole.
You okay?
I think so. Its been a hell of a night.
It has, he agreed. It can only get better from this point on.
I hope youre right, Doc. She gave him a weak little smile, pulling her children closer.
Doug showed up, babies in tow, forty minutes later. He seemed stunned, not only because his current wife was under arrest for attempted murder, but because he nearly lost his ex-wife and children. He was a man out of his depth, overwhelmed by his bad choices and dumb decisions. One of these days, his selfish impulses were going to be called into account, but at the moment, he had his arms around Carole and he was profusely apologizing. Doc and I had taken the babies from him, so he could embrace his first family. Doc settled himself into the big recliner, a baby in each arm. The little creature wiggling in my embrace gurgled happily, feet kicking, as I leaned against the arm of the chair. It was a relief to know Mimi was in custody. Everyone was safe.
By one oclock, Doc had helped Doug set up a playpen on the floor of my spare bedroom, where one of the babies would sleep next to the experienced medic. A second baby would sleep in a pop-up travel crib. The third would sleep in another travel crib in my bedroom, with me as babysitter. We child-proofed the rooms quickly, making sure there were no hazards. Once Doug was certain the babies were safe, he was in a hurry to get back to Carole, Daisy and Dylan. Doc and I had all three babies in my bedroom as we got them ready for bed.
That mans made a real mess of his life, Doc commented, as he changed the third diaper, and then swaddled the youngster in a set of footed cotton pajamas. He wont be digging himself out of that hole any time soon.

Chapter Fourteen --

It was true. I saw it first hand for myself. In the morning, Doug arrived to get Alana, Alexia, and Alicia ready for the day with Docs help. As they wrestled the twelve wriggling limbs that resisted yet another diaper change, I left the men to it and popped over to the Walchuck house. It was a relief to escape the chaos of three busy babies, but the silence that met me when I entered was unsettling. Dylan was sucking his thumb, reluctant to leave his mothers embrace. Daisy, too, just wanted to cuddle with her mother on the sofa. The three faces looked up at me with great trepidation. They had had a terrible shock. The rug had been yanked out from under their emotional feet. I took a page from Docs handbook.
How about I make us all some breakfast? I offered. Its nearly eight. Daisy, well have to leave for the shop by eight-thirty.
I cant go, she told me. Im too upset.
Caroles eyes pleaded with me silently. Do something. Say something. Make sense of all this madness.
Look, I know what Mimi did was horrible, Daisy. I wont deny that. But if we let her intimidate us, she wins. She tried to ruin your lives. She failed. You saved your little brother last night. I saw you drop to the floor at just the right moment. You did a good thing. Youre stronger than you think you are. Youre smarter, too, I insisted. And now its time for you to help me make some French toast. Come on.
With my hand outstretched, I reached for the reluctant teenager as Carole gave me a faint smile.
What about him? She pointed to her little brother.
The difference between you and Dylan is that hes still a little kid, Daze. He isnt capable of understanding just how crazy and dumb some adults can be, I told her as we headed for the kitchen. You, on the other hand, are almost a college student. You can see how things get out of hand when adults make bad decisions.
Cady? Daisy stopped me as I took a carton of eggs and a jug of milk from the refrigerator. Why did Mimi hate me that much?
Hate you?
She hired those guys to kill me. And then she tried to kill me herself last night. She was going to shoot me.
I dont think she hated you at all, Cady. I think she wanted your money.
I have money?
Your parents have put aside money for your college tuition and expenses. Mimi wasnt thinking clearly. It was all about her, about her desires. I think she told herself that if she could get her hands on your money, she could get herself out of trouble. She gave herself permission to kill you so as to solve her problems. Thats never the right way to do things.
I never saw my dad cry before, she confided, pulling down plates from the cabinet shelf as I heated up the fry pan. It was kind of weird.
He seems overwhelmed with all his responsibilities, Daze.
Those babies are a handful.
Yes, even more so now that Mimis going to jail.
Whats he going to do?
I assume hell do the right thing, for those babies, for you, Dylan, and your mom, and for himself. Its a royal mess and he needs to get it solved.
Do you think he and Mom will get back together again?
At the moment, Daze, things are too complicated. Your mom needs to figure out what she needs. And you cant wish away the fact that your dad made some really bad decisions that hurt the people he loves. Its going to take some time to get it all sorted out. It wont happen overnight. Life isnt a romantic fairy tale, with a magic wand to wave away the pain. It takes hard work to fix things. It takes real effort. But its worth it in the end. When everything is put right and people have what they truly need, theyre stronger for it, better for it.
In other words, I shouldnt wish that Dad could move in here with us, even if it means putting up with the babies?
It means that you have to be patient and be willing to respect what both your parents need. Your dad is still your dad, and hes going to need help with those babies. Its his job to figure that out. Your mom has to do what is right for her. Those arent her babies, Daze. She may not want the responsibility of helping your dad.
Mimi really was a terrible person, wasnt she?
She was, but it always takes two to tango, as they say. I think when your mom got cancer, it scared your dad so much, he just abandoned his good sense. He got busy making a new life, instead of living the one he had with your mom. The trouble is he didnt look hard enough at the real Mimi, because he wanted in that make-believe fairy tale.
He just wanted the fun, without the hard work. Out of the mouth of babes. I stacked the pieces of French toast on a piece of aluminum foil, wrapped them up, and put them in the warm oven before starting the next batch.
Sometimes people dont want to believe the truth about someone they care for, Daze, because it means theyll have to deal with the problem, whether its cancer or utter selfishness.
Im still mad that Dad left us, Daisy admitted. I could see it bothered her that she could have such mixed emotions about someone she loved. He should have thought more about us, instead of that witch.
He should have. That was a big part of the problem. He didnt think.
Mimi tried to kill me, Daisy said again. I knew it would take time for the horror of all that to fade enough for Daisy to grasp its reality and process it. That wasnt fair.
I dont think it was even about you. You werent a person to her, with feelings, hopes, dreams. You stood in the way of her having the lifestyle she wanted. She told herself that if you werent around, shed have a better life, so she went ahead and made plans to get rid of you.
That was mean.
It was self-absorbed. Mimi saw herself as more important than everyone else, more entitled. No one ever said no to her or stood up to her bullying.
Thats why she bossed Dad around all the time and told him what to do.
Maybe the cancer scared him so much, he didnt want to think for himself, and since Mimi was willing to do his thinking for him, he surrendered control. He didnt want to be responsible for doing the right thing, so he picked a woman who didnt have a conscience. What she didnt realize, Daisy, is how much you matter to us. Your mom, your dad, Dylan -- they need you. I need you. And even Doc needs you. Were not willing to stand around and let someone like Mimi take you away from us. You know what really made Mimi the maddest?
I looked over at the young girl standing with me in Caroles kitchen. I saw the almost adult intellect trying to win out over the little girl emotions.
Your dad tried to stop her. He told Mimi not to hurt you. He drove up here to be here for you as soon as he found out what she was doing. Even as I said those words, I realized they were true. Doug really had finally taken a stand against the devious Mimi. Almost too little too late.
Dad really does love us?
Daisy, your dad never stopped loving you. Im not even sure he ever stopped loving your mom. He wanted the happy times without the sad times. Thats not how life works.
Dad broke up the family. He left us. Doug walked out on them, whatever the reason. She was beginning to accept that reality as something she didnt cause to happen, and that was part of the healing process.
I think he regrets it deeply. But its not always that easy to fix a broken heart, Daisy, or to learn to trust again after your lifes been turned upside down. You cant pretend everything is okay. It has to be made right again, and thats a process that happens over time.
The next thing I knew, Daisy was leaning against me, her head on my bad shoulder. Even as I winced, I gave her a reassuring pat.
Thanks, Cady. For being there.
My pleasure. Go call folks to the table. Its time to eat.
We had a pleasant enough breakfast, under the circumstances. Dylan started to cheer up when his father arrived with Doc and some very hungry babies. Again, Doc and I took the triplets, to give Doug a chance to comfort his son. Carole watched her ex-husband carefully, as if she was trying to figure out what she wanted to do. I didnt envy her the decision. As much as I knew Doug was hurting, I also knew he couldnt just walk away from his second family. They were his responsibility now. And there was still the uncertainty of Caroles cancer. She seemed to realize that Doug was not the man she married so long ago. Life wasnt simple or clear cut. There were more complications standing in their way now than had been at the divorce. It really was going to take a much greater effort to sort it all out. Maybe Carole just wasnt up to it. Maybe she just didnt want to have to deal with all that stuff. Life was too short to waste, time too precious to waste. 
After Daisy and I got the kitchen all cleaned up, Doc brought the van around. Carole bid us farewell from the door, Baby Alexia in her arms, as we headed off to the shop to finish decorating the cake and pack it for its final journey.
Two and a half hours later, we arrived at Saybrook Point Inn. The wedding reception would soon begin. Doc waited in the van while Daisy and I made our way into the hotel. His buddy, Rick, was going to help him carry in the cake, but first we needed to know the location of the cake table. The wedding coordinator met us in the Soundview Ballroom to show us.
Ooh! Daisys eyes lit up when she saw the decorated room. There were roses in mirror-finish silver vases on all the tables and twinkling fairy lights tucked into floral swags around the doorways. The sweetheart table for the bride and groom was set up in front of the long display table, festooned with more romantic bunting. The staff was just beginning to light the wicks on the candles, moving from the tiny tea lights on each table to the taller, elegant candelabras. This looked like it was going to be a lovely reception. Daisys face was a study in longing.
Okay, kid, I poked her in the side gently. Time for us to go get your wedding cookies and the cake.
Wow, Cady, she said with awe in her voice, reluctant to leave, even temporarily, is every wedding this beautiful?
Its nice, isnt it? Just dont get carried away with the magic of one day, Daze. A marriage is hard work. There are always ups and downs. This moment is the icing on the cake of life, but you still have to make dinner.
If you marry Doc, Cady, can I be a bridesmaid?
You think I should marry Doc? I found myself laughing as I pointed her out the door.
Yes. You guys would make a good couple.
We would?
I think so. Then you could come here for your wedding.
First we have to fall in love. Then we have to go out for a while. And then he has to ask me. Maybe Doc doesnt want to get married.
Trust me, said Daisy. Hes already got that planned.
And how would you know that? I asked, suddenly curious. There was something in Daisys tone that alerted me. But she just fobbed me off with a sly smile and a wave of her hand.
Once we got outside, we found Doc waiting behind his van with a tall, good-looking guy with a ready smile.
Cady, Daze, this is my buddy, Rick Rollins. We greeted him and exchanged pleasantries. I was grateful for the assistance because there was no way I could perform my normal cake baker duty of carrying in the wedding cake. I stepped back as each of them grabbed a side of the cake box and held my breath until the men made it safely into the ballroom, marched the cake across the floor, and gingerly eased it onto its table. Daisys face lit up as she saw it in its place of honor, under the spotlight. The shimmering little bees buzzed around the artful gumpaste flowers as if performing some magical dance in a garden.
Beautiful, Rick announced. You do nice work. Well have to hire you when Jen and I get married in June.
A summer wedding, I smiled. Ill do something special for the pair of you.
Great. Ill tell Jen. Doc, stop by the house tomorrow for dinner before you head to Springfield. Feel free to bring a date. Rick glanced quickly at me before looking away. Doc caught the movement and smirked.
Well be there.
Cookies, I reminded Daisy. I showed her where we were to put them on the display table. Lets go get them and set them up.
Three trips later, Doc and Daisy had brought in all of the beribboned bags, safely ensconced in their protective travel boxes, and we unpacked them. As soon as the last bag was on the table, Doc picked up the boxes to go back into the van. Daisy lingered until she heard Doc beckoned us.
Come see this! Hurry up!
What is it, Doc?
Dont want to spoil the magic. Take a look for yourselves. I have to move the van.

Chapter Fifteen -- 

Daisy and I stepped outside, moving past the excited guests just as Doc drove down the way about a hundred yards and pulled over to wait for us. The clop-clop of horse hooves on the pavement signaled the arrival of the bride and groom by white carriage.
Oh, how lovely, I sighed.
Can we watch? Please? Daisy begged me. I just want to see her dress.
Another five minutes wont kill us, I told her. And then I thought about how close she had come to death last night. For this moment, she wasnt thinking about the despicable thing Mimi tried to do to her last night. The hopes and dreams of a teenage girl hadnt been completely stomped out of her. She would have those moments of remembering the terror she felt at the hands of her assailant at the shop and the feel of Mimis gun at the back of her head. But for now, there was a little joy in the air and Daisy drank it all in.
If I was honest with you, I would admit that I took heart from the sight of Tara Henslacker and her new husband. They were a nice young couple. I knew that the first time I met them at the shop. Today, they looked at each other with such trust, I wanted to believe it would all work out. I knew they would be tested throughout their marriage and they would have to make decisions that would either strengthen that bond or tear it apart. I wished them the wisdom to do the right thing. 
The groom jumped to the pavement as the cameras came out and the flashes popped off. Tara glowed as she stepped down from the carriage and into Todds waiting arms. The lace gown hugged every curve of Taras ample body. Her hair was swept up in a cascade of curls held back with an elaborate crown woven of the same flowers I had ordered in gumpaste for the cake. Impressive indeed. The grooms mother and father arrived, looking pleased as punch. They were followed by the brides mother and father. Billie Henslacker held tightly to Hanks arm, as if she were sleepwalking in a dream, not quite believing the big day had finally arrived. She seemed to scream silently, Pinch me. The guests trailed after them, heading for the Soundview Ballroom.
As soon as the the lovebirds disappeared from view, the carriage driver in the crimson uniform steered the wagon away from the hotel entrance and the spell was broken. Doc swung the van around and picked us up.
That was awesome! Daisy announced. You guys should do the carriage when you get married.
I took a deep breath and shook my head. Ah, impetuous youth.
What? Im not good enough to marry? I can carry your cake but I cant eat it, too? Doc gave me a wink as he turned down College Street.
Hey, Doc, Daisy leaned over his seat, kneeling on the floor of the van, you should get new glasses. Youre a good-looking guy, and those things look like something from the sixties.
Is that right?
Yes. They dont do anything for you. Youre a handsome guy.
Am I? Well then, youll be happy to know that these are an old spare pair because I sat on my good ones last week. Theyre being repaired.
Are they nerdy?
Rimless, with a titanium frame.
Cool. Leave it to Daisy to ferret out the real truth behind Docs eyeglasses. I found myself wondering what he looked like with his rimless, titanium-framed pair. Those green eyes were probably even more intense.
Three minutes later, we turned left off Main Street and onto the Boston Post Road. Doc parked the van behind the shop and we went in the back way.
Mary and Lisa, the weekend helpers at Cadys Cakes, were doing just fine up front. Daisy was already describing the wedding to them in great detail. I could hear the eager chatter of three girls enraptured by the idea of romantic love.
In the kitchen, Walter was finishing up his Saturday baking before taking off for a bowling tournament. Hed be back for the usual Tuesday routine. I thanked him for all his cooperation over the last several days.
My pleasure, Cady. Im glad it all worked out.
Now what? Doc wanted to know, looking at me expectantly.
Were done for the day. The girls will lock up.
Great. Finally a little R & R. We should probably take a drive, somewhere quiet. If we go back to your place, well have to deal with squealing babies. I have a proposal I want to discuss with you.
Proposal? A part of me hit the panic button, sending out an alarm. A proposal. The word hit me hard. I wasnt ready for that. What would I say? I couldnt possibly agree to marry Doc. I didnt know him well enough. And even though I really liked him, I didnt know I was completely, utterly committed to him. I didnt want to lose him, but I also didnt want to be pressured into making a decision we both knew I couldnt take back.
Lets go grab a bite to eat, Doc suggested. I felt his arm on my waist as we left through the back door. The keys seemed to slip through my fingers as I fumbled to find the right one for the lock. 
The spring sunshine was a delightful sensation on my cheeks as I walked to Docs van and I welcomed it as a sign of the end of a very long, very cold winter. Climbing in, I shut the door and fastened my seatbelt, all too aware of the man beside me. We drove to Pats Kountry Kitchen for turkey club sandwiches. Doc ordered a chocolate milkshake, sipping at his straw like an exuberant teenage boy.
I havent had one of these in years, Doc said, enjoying the indulgence. Babies and toddlers dining with their families gurgled, cooed, and once in awhile let out an ear-splitting scream, but for the most part, it was a pleasant lunch crowd. The friendly wait staff chatted with customers and each other, bantering back and forth as the food came out of the kitchen and the empty plates, silverware, and glasses went back. There was a constant flux of customers through the foyer -- big, little, young, old, and everything in between. Families. I suddenly realized I still held the dream in my heart. I wanted to belong. I longed to be a part of a family again, to have people who cared about me, people I loved. I ached for that.
Meanwhile, I was dreading the conversation to come, not sure how I would navigate that mine field. I couldnt imagine how Doc would introduce the subject. He didnt seem to be in any hurry. At last the topic seemed to turn in that direction.
Those triplets are a handful. I prefer my babies one at a time, the normal way, Doc admitted, munching on a french fry.
Do you? I kept my answer as noncommittal as I could. Was he telling me he wanted children? I had never really imagined myself as a mother. Too much work. Too much heartache.
Dougs really going to have to man-up on this mess. Carole told me the surrogate mother donated the eggs, so technically, the babies arent even Mimis. Hes definitely the father, though, and hed better get his act together. Hes starting to fall apart.
Like he did when Carole got cancer, I added. Maybe thats just Doug.
You know, when youre in combat situations, theres nothing worse than a guy who gets the willies on you. You cant trust him with your life, because you dont know which way hes going to swing. You cant count on him in a crisis.
What do you do with a guy like that? I wondered.
Honestly? You put the bastard into the washer and dryer to get all the dumb off him. You keep putting him through the wringer until he comes to his senses or loses them. The truth is having a weak guy on the team can get everyone else killed. Somewhere along the way, Doug got lost. He started taking the easy way, looking out for Doug. He forgot about his team. Team is everything.
Im just afraid Carole will take him back too soon, I confessed. I know shes tempted. I just want her to be happy. Maybe knowing those babies arent really Mimis biologically will help. I saw her holding one of the triplets when we left.
She seems to like the idea of being needed by Doug, of being able to give back. When she got cancer, that probably threw the balance of their relationship out of whack, Doc decided. Who knows? Maybe those triplets will be the glue that makes them a family again. Especially if they can get Mimi to sever her legal claims. It shouldnt be that hard. Shes a real danger to Doug and all the kids.
Ugh, the trial. Thats going to be ugly, I groaned.
Maybe shell take a plea deal.
Maybe. It would be nice if Carole and the kids didnt have to relive the horror of their experiences.
Theyll be doing that for awhile, Cady. Thats one of the problems with traumatic experiences. Long after the physical scars heal, you still have to deal with the fear. And the only cure for that is to face up to it, look it square in the eye, and understand how to do it better the next time it smacks into you, Doc told me. As I returned his gaze, I began to understand his gruffness. Hed seen a lot as a medic. Almost too much for any human to handle. Theres no way around the cure. You cant keep running forever and you cant spend the rest of your life slap bandages on a gaping wound. Things happen, terrible things. Its important we find our way out of the darkness.
Not always easy to do, Doc.
Whenever I come back from a tour of duty, I take the time to restore my faith in my fellow human beings. Usually, its not as dramatic as all this. I find some folks in need and hang around for a bit, to understand the human spirit. Its my way of reconnecting. Its a reminder that there are people out there who are still good, still decent. That helps me to finish the emotional journey of coming home.
Its not enough to arrive at the airport?
No. I have to know I belong here, and that I have something to contribute. Last time I left Afghanistan, I came back and joined a program to benefit senior citizens. I spent three weeks helping to renovate an elderly couples house with a volunteer crew. We put in a ramp, painted and patched the place up, even installed grab bars in the bathroom. They really appreciated the work we did, but they also gave back to us. They fed us, fussed over us, and shared bits and pieces of their lives. It turns out he was at Anzio during WW II. She was a nurse at a VA hospital, caring for the wounded. Thats the kind of stuff that helps put my experiences into perspective, Cady. It makes me understand that Im not the only guy going through tough times. When I came back from Iraq, I signed on for a month as a medic for a group of volunteer firefighters battling wild fires out west. They needed my skills and I needed to see that I could save lives outside a war zone. This time around, you and Daisy needed me.
So, thats why you jumped in and rescued us after the van was hit, why you were so willing to help out at Cadys Cakes. That makes sense. Im really glad you were there, Doc, in more ways than one. I smiled at him as he sat across the table, feeling like that daunting wall between us had lowered a little and I was seeing the real man. He smiled back before digging into a big piece of apple pie a la mode. 
Good pie. I like pie. He got a mischievous twinkle in his eye. I dont suppose youre any good with pie....
Ive had my share of compliments on my peach pie, I responded. And I won blue ribbons for my deep dish apple pie with oatmeal streusel topping.
As I sat watching Doc eat with gusto, I thought about how Daisys peril echoed my own from so long ago, and how all my own hurt had resurfaced as the danger grew for her. And yet, even as it did, I began to see it all in a new light. I was not the same person as that inexperienced teenager of long ago, saying goodbye to a dying mother. The world could still be as cruel, but I was resourceful, I was determined, and I was even courageous when it counted. And what I learned about myself had benefited Daisy. Maybe even helped to save her.
Lets change the subject, Doc suggested, as he put down his fork. He studied me carefully, as if to gauge whether his proposal would be successful. I found myself growing nervous under his scrutiny, my hands shaking in my lap, out of sight under the table as I waited to see what he would do. Down on one knee in a crowded restaurant? I hoped not. You know how you really are a baker at heart?
So far, so good. He wanted to talk cake, and I was good at talking cake.
Yes. I gazed into those green eyes, past the temporary nerd glasses. I thought I saw a twinkle.
Youre not really all that hot on the coffee roasting, are you?
Why? I was instantly curious. I couldnt understand how coffee roasting fit into a promise of betrothal.
Well, what Id like to do is rent space from you to start my own coffee company, Docs Brew. Ill start the business slowly, developing it as I go. I can roast the beans for your shop and for retail. What about selling packaged coffee, for folks who want to enjoy it at home? Id like to create a few new blends. And Id like to do an online website. In a year or so, if it looks like theres a market for it, Ill quit my job at the insurance company and expand. Maybe Ill hire a couple of vets, get a distribution plan going, and market the coffee to specialty and gift shops. Ill invest in a bigger coffee roaster once theres a demand for the product.
This is your proposal? I was flabbergasted. You want to roast coffee?
Sure.
Oh, I replied dully. For a moment, I almost felt disappointed. Then I reminded myself I wasnt ready to commit myself to Doc forever.
What kind of proposal did you think I had in mind -- marriage? Come on, Cady. Its a little soon for that! he scoffed. Maybe down the road a bit. But right now? Were still getting to know each other. And Im just getting back into the swing of life back in America. Remember, Ive spent several years in the Army. Ive got some adjusting to do. I still start sometimes when I hear a car backfire. Its too soon.
No, no. That wasnt what I meant, Doc, I stammered, trying to explain. Once again, I had put the cart before the horse, and the horse was rearing up on its hind legs in protest.
Besides, weve only had one date and that was interrupted by a killer, so we cant technically call it a date, Cady.
We cant call our trip to Alfornos a date? What was it then?
Practice, Doc grinned at me.
Meaning what? We start again?
Why not? he shrugged. Well take our time and really get to know each other. Ill drive down to see you, and youll come up to see me.
Youre still taking that job? My heart sunk at the thought of saying goodbye to Doc. I had enjoyed having him around.
Have to. Have to pay the bills, Cady. Have to have money to invest in the coffee business.
Oh. Right.
It will give us the time to get used to being with each other, make sure its what we really want, he pointed out. As soon as Doc said that, I realized I already knew it was what I wanted. But there was also a part of me that was looking forward to the excitement of the mating ritual. I wanted to take my time and learn all there was to know about Doc. I wanted to have the chance to miss him, so I would know for sure that I needed him. And I really wanted him to need me for me. 
Who knows? Maybe a year from now, well be planning our own wedding and practicing our dance moves.
Meaning you want a big wedding? I looked across the table at the man sitting there. I knew he was teasing me. I suspected that he already had a plan in the works, as Daisy said.
Absolutely. I want to shake my booty. I want to carry on like nobodys fool. But I want to do it when I know Ive got the right girl by my side.
Does that mean Im a contender? I grinned, reaching across the table and taking his hand in mine. He gave it a playful squeeze.
Definitely.

Other Dance with Danger Mysteries by Sara M. Barton:

Square Dance with a Scandalous Skunk #1
Paso Doble with a Passionate Python #2
Foxtrot with a Furtive Fox #3
Bossa Nova with a Belligerent Bear #4
Mambo with a Maniacal Mako #5
Charleston with a Clever Cougar #6
No Hiding Behind the Potted Palms! -- Anthology #7

Bodacious Baby Boomer Escapades by Sara M. Barton:

Where Theres Smoke, Theres Prometheus #1 
The Deadly Secret of Dr. Arcanum Locks Evolutionary Spirit Project #2
It Will Be Our Little Secret #3

Practical Caregiver Capers by Sara M. Barton

Murder on the High Seas #1
The Passion Beach Psycho Strikes at Midnight #2
The Inscrutable Case of the Nobbled Netsuke #3
Who Snatched Aunt Marion #4
Murder at the Mountain Vale Inn #5
Having a Killer Time, Wish You Were Here! -- Anthology #6
