
HENRI VILLE
M. Chris Benner
Copyright 2012 Matthew Christopher Benner
Smashwords Edition
mchrisbenner.com


*	*	*


to Luanne Smith,
for daring me to write this


*	*	*


CONTENTS:
1. The Darkness Sky
2. Battle of Warminster
3. The Catlight Infinite
4. Property of J. Harker
5. An Army for the End of the World
6. How to Destroy Angels
7. Epilogue




THE DARKNESS SKY
I
Coulson and his friend Nashua sat in side-by-side wood chairs, Nashua with the rifle and Coulson drinking heartily from a long, unmarked glass jug. The glass had been blown by an acquaintance named Emerson, who lived in the city and worked for the mill. The jug had been passed to Coulson in exchange for deer meat a couple years back. He had kept it and, when he distilled enough drab, he'd fill up the jars and save just enough for his long, brown, unmarked jug; filling it past the top so he could lick the outer edge of the rim and feel the sting of alcohol on the sensitive tissue between his lip and tongue.
Nashua caressed a cavalry rifle resting across his lap. The gun had been handed down to him by his father when he passed on the year before. His father hadn't said much about the rifle but Nashua knew it meant something to him, as his father wasn't a man of words but idiosyncratic actions - and his father polished that rifle every night. He didn't even polish his Colt that often, and his father always had that Colt loaded up against his hip.
Coulson passed the bottle to Nashua, who took a large sip, keeping the tips of his left-hand fingers on the wood butt of the rifle as if it would disappear if he let go. The drab was beginning to dwindle, as were the two men. It was early afternoon and the men had consumed a jar full before their "hunt" had even begun. So far, they had seen neither hide nor hare.
They slouched in their wood chairs, shifting occasionally.
Silence.
A cough to clear a throat.
More silence.
A noise in the distance brought their attention together. There was a rustle against the ground atop the white leaves and brush fallen from the hawthorn trees. The forest had a far sight visibility as the trees were long and thin, stretched up and only a bit outward with white blossoms. The pat-pat sound was approaching their spot but they still couldn't make out the source.
Something bluish in the...
Nashua raised his rifle to eye level and waited.
"It's a woman," Coulson said in disbelief.
It was, in fact, a woman, and she was approaching.
There were many details the men could have noticed first, including her thin, curvy body or the dirt-strewn hair (straw-like and corn-colored) poking out from beneath the cusp of a gray woolen cap. As she moved closer, the threads of her blonde hair soaked-in and reflected the brief, scattered rays of sunlight that filtered through the trees. Her blue and white plaid, button-up fit tight against her chest. The top buttons were undone and there was a dirt-smeared white shirt underneath. Her sweat-covered bust was visible through a tear down the neckline. The men noticed none of this and instead stared gawking at her face. The woman had a bandana tied around her head and it covered the lower half of her face in a tan cloth with bright, hand-drawn red lips across the area atop her actual mouth, as if the cloth were substituting for the bottom half of her face. She had an air of menace - narrowed, tired eyes, downturned head - and the bandana tied across her face gave the initial impression of a bank robber, but she was ultimately seen as nonthreatening and it was solely due to the quaint, warm smile on the crudely painted lips (if you looked close you would see that the chin line had also been shadowed, the neck defined, and even the tan of the bandana matched her skin tone). The expression on the cloth was gentle and good natured, almost comical.
Nashua dropped the aim but kept it toward her general area.
The woman's pace was steady towards the two drunken, seated men.
The men talked about her as if she weren't within earshot, even after she arrived.
"What'n you think a woman's doing back there?" Coulson asked Nashua.
"No bother with that, what's she got 'round her face? She done looks like half a cartoon," Nashua answered Coulson.
The woman loudly groaned at the two men. She was standing over them.
"Well you look like an idiot," she snapped, half-heartedly. Her exhaustion was audible.
Nashua looked over at Coulson with half-open, slovenly eyes before nodding in agreement that Coulson did, in fact, look like an idiot.
Coulson took an extra sip of drab, unfettered.
Nashua continued to stroke the butt of his gun.
She let out an exasperated sigh.
"Where's the nearest saloon? Where's that shit-hole..." Henri Ville's dour voice was low through the bandana mask. She paused trying to remember the name of a dank, pitiless pub in the center of the nearby town. She had been there a few times before, always in search of the same thing.
Neither man responded.
Coulson's eyes migrated south to Henri's tight blue jeans. He'd never seen such a thing. It fit and accentuated the curvature of her hips and legs - but just as he began to admire the craftsmanship, a red/black smudge caught him. It looked like half a dirty, bloody handprint, one that had clawed at her backside from the ground. 
Nashua had his eyes on her two leather belts, each lined with crisp, sparkly bullets. On her left hip was a .38 Smith & Wesson - this caught his attention more than the Colt on her right hip (one similar to his father's, except hers had a one-piece leather grip): That particular model .38 Smith & Wesson was used by the Sheriffs in the town over, called Saintstown. Nashua knew this because he had been booted from the saloon during a particularly rapacious speech about how he had been cheated and robbed while playing poker (though he had sat out most of the hands that night) and two of the deputies escorted him from the town. As the two men walked behind and Nashua stumbled along in front, Nashua became pleasant once more, asking questions about the location of the store in which they bought their .38s, the ammo they used, and so on. The two men could barely understand the drunken, front-wards spoken words, and answered only, "Sheriff says we're to use these S&W and these are all he ever stocks up. Says they shoot straight."
"Ma'am, you got some blood on your britches there?" Coulson said while, at the same time, Nashua spoke, "Where'd you get that revolver, ma'am?"
The men had not answered her question so thoroughly that she momentarily questioned whether they heard her at all, so she repeated it, followed by, "I'm lookin' for a man named Anson Sharpe-"
At that, both men lit up.
"Anson, yeah, he's a character," Coulson recollected fondly.
"Yeah, yer a safe bet to find'im in Coopers," Nashua nodded.
"Prolly getting' drunk."
"Yeah," scoffed Nashua, "he's always gettin' drunk."
Coulson and Nashua laughed.
Nashua sipped off the bottle and passed it.
The cloth blew out over her mouth as she spoke.
"Coopers," Henri exhaled. It had been nagging on her, the name of that shadowy bar Anson always ran to. As she went to move on, there was a hesitation, and she found herself saying something so familiar that the words were automatic:
"If I were you two, I'd leave this area."
The men craned their necks and stared at her.
They were silent.
Nobody moved.
"Didn't think so," Henri mumbled, heading in the direction of town.
No one ever listened.


II
The short stretch of town was empty.
The boardwalk led down either side of the only road in, dead-ending in a cul-de-sac like an open-ended rectangle. The dirt was a thin brown powder and she could see that it had been kicked up recently, as if a large group of men on horseback had only just let out. The road was one lane wide, more narrow than most, and the wood creaked as she walked on, the boards weak in the center and upward bent on the outer edges. The wind in the air was dry and still, kindred to the vacant town. The saloon was at the end, in the far right corner. Stores lined either side, none any more necessary than the next. (And if those men that let out on horseback returned soon, all of the stores would probably end up decimated anyway.)
Henri pushed in past the wooden slats of the saloon doorway at a quarter past noon and found Anson Sharpe's hang-dog face looming over an empty mug. There wasn't nobody else in there but him and a barmaid in the back, cleaning broken glass on the floor.
Henri could hear his faint muttering.
"And then we?what do we-what day is it?"
His voice was low like his face. His skin was a slight shade darker than average, as Anson's mother had been a Hindu from India; lucky for him, his father had been American, giving his features an average appearance and his skin an odd shade of brown, one like sun-bleached leather. He appeared American and could blend easy even though he had been raised in a palace in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. His voice was casual and without accent, if a bit nerdy and high-pitched.
Henri crossed and was behind him well before he heard the doorway slats swooshing shut. When he turned to look, the lower half of his face cowering behind his shoulder, his eyes lit up and glared.
"Heard you was a town over?" he grumbled into the rumpled, stained pit of his tee-shirt.
"Get up. We need to go."
The harsh pitch caught Anson in a startling static jolt. Henri's voice was stern and had grown less feminine since their abandonment in the west. Her eyes had a glaze to them that they didn't use to, one that made them simultaneously passionless and intense.
His full face emerged and Anson's lips moved as if about to say something.
There was a pause.
A look crossed his face, something like grief.
"Take off that stupid bandana," he said.
There was a moment's pause before she did as he asked.
Beneath the bandana colored to mimic a beautiful, smiling mouth, Henri's real mouth was rougher, unsmiling, her frowning lips a subtle rouge.
"How much time?" asked Anson, the hint of emergency in his voice.
"Fifteen minutes. Maybe back sooner."
"Back door?" he asked, hopeful.
"Got a horse back there?" Henri asked, also hopeful.
They both knew the disappointing answers.
"Plus," Henri nodded her head toward the barmaid cleaning in back, the one bent and scrubbing the same piece of floor pretending not to listen.
Anson's wobbly head shook a moment.
Henri leaned in with an acute stare into Anson's eyes. He stared back, inquisitively. Her right hand, which had been lifeless at her side, suddenly lifted up and out, crossing the front of Anson's face in a hard smack. He recovered quickly and she continued her edged stare into his eyes, slapping him right-ways again for good measure. He recovered the second time. She studied him as one might poor handwriting on a note.
"Sober?" inquired Henri.
"Yer eyes are'a beautiful blue," answered Anson and, while his lips moved, his left eye half-shut in a drunken salute. Then his eyes were open.
She'd have to settle for him in this condition.
There was a ruckus outside the saloon, the sound of thud-thud-thud as horse feet trampled the narrow passage into town, maybe a dozen horses in all.
"Goddamnit."
Henri's single word caused a terror in Anson.
"Get your-" she started but Anson was already standing.
"I got it up in my room," he acknowledged, sadly.
"Center to left," she reminded him as he stumbled on the first stair on his way up to the second floor rooms that lined the upstairs front wall. "And don't hit me," she called as he disappeared.
The barmaid had stood with the sound of approaching horses. Her eyes found Henri directly for the first time since she entered. The barmaid had known of her presence and heard her speaking, but had been uneasy and nervous to meet Henri's gaze. There was a moment where their eyes met. Henri's narrowed in displeasure before nodding in the direction that the barmaid should run, which was out the back door. The barmaid gently tossed onto a nearby table the towel she had been using to clean, then passed Henri on her way out the front door. There was ire in her glare.
Henri shook her head.
Once the woman was on the other side of the front doorway, her call could be heard:
"She's in the saloon! Buck-Buck, she's in the saloon!"
Horses cried out as their riders pulled hard and dismounted.
Henri took an extra moment to sit alone at the bar, peaceful. It was quiet. No hassle, not just yet. So she sat on, taking the final swallow from Anson's mug. It was warm and so awful that she couldn't be sure if it was beer or whiskey, but it didn't matter and she winced nonetheless. One more second in the silence was all that she wanted?then she wrapped the bandana back around her face, arranging the luscious smile over her own rigid frown.
And then Henri walked out the front door.


III
There were a dozen men dismounting, some reaching under their saddle bags for their rifles; all of them had a six-gun strapped to their sides. They had been hurrying until, as a group, they heard the call and saw Henri exit through the front of the saloon. The men's movements became more labored and cautious as she walked off the boardwalk and into the center of the inlet, facing the men. The men had their guns and were forming a line in two rows, more gunslingers than there was room to stand side-by-side in the single lane of the inlet.
"Ma'am, could you remove the bandana?" the man at the head asked.
Henri had returned the bandana to the front of her face.
"You don't want me to do that," she answered.
"Ma'am, I will shoot you where you stand if you do not remove it," he called back.
She let a moment pass.
Against her better judgment, Henri Ville removed the bandana from around her face entirely - her beautiful features were clear to the air. It felt good as she so seldom showed her full face to the light of day, allowing the dry air to graze her cheeks and feel the warmth of the sun on her skin.
"Missus, you come from Saintstown?" the leader asked, calling from a distance of 10 meters. They had been tying the horses to posts at the sheriff's but only some had finished, leaving a few horses to mull around. The man who spoke, in dark pants and a dark vest with a fine Italian shirt beneath, was not the sheriff. The sheriff stood some ways out to the side, a rifle clutched to his chest and the barrel pointed up into the sky. The man speaking had a darkness to him. The skin of his face was mostly hidden by black stubble and longer, straight black greasy hair. He had a rotund belly protruding from under the vest and shirt at the nexus of his bellybutton with enough skin visible to see that it, too, was coated in dark hair. The clothes had obviously been purchased when the man was skinnier.
"Yes," Henri called back. Her eyes weren't only searching the men but the sky beyond the town. It was an open day, one inconspicuous cloud in an otherwise clear blue sky.
The men had yet to point their guns at her but, with this news, they held their rifles a bit tighter, steadied their hands a bit nearer their holstered weapons?
"There's a massacre back there, ma'am."
Henri nodded.
"What'n you know about it?" he called back, his voice severe, his words like chucked rocks.
"I know that them men should've listened to me. Now, we don't have to do this?" And at that, the dark-haired man lifted his hand and positioned it over his firearm. Henri did the same, her right hand over the .38 Smith and Wesson while her left hand hung over the Colt. "?but you need to hear me when I say?" her voice was measured, "?that this town is going to be destroyed. If y'all got young'uns, better head off and keep 'em outta town and safe. Anyone still here in the next few minutes is gonna-"
The dark-haired man drew at what he thought was the beginning of a threat and not a warning. The resulting firefight was short. Some of the men tried to run. There was a hail of fire from above, along with Henri's own torrent of blaze. She hit the dark-haired man first, with the .38; drew on him as quick as he drew on her but for a heartless quarter-second faster. His shot fired wildly as he fell back into the rain of lead erupting from out the second floor window of the saloon. Staccato clacks were echoing from inside the room, exactly fifty tiny pings as empty shell casings flicked off everything from the window frame to the floor. Henri's remaining shots, from both guns now raised and pointed to the group, joined the onslaught, and their destinations were lost amid the chaos, aimed center-to-right. An eruption of dust, mingling and swirling in its' wickshire dance above the men now fallen and nothing else moved. Most of the men fell in place while a few nearly made it to cover but they too, ended up limp on the ground. Two of the mulling horses had been wounded. One half-laid on its front knees. The other ran off with a wound in its side and his full gallop played on for an extra moment in the silence after the gunfire, a short farewell as it disappeared into the distance. Next came the sound of empty shells hitting the dirt and pieces of metal bouncing off one another as Henri reloaded. From the saloon's second story window came a heavy, mechanical click noise, another similar sound, and then the unmistakable unlock-and-lock of a slide bolt pulling back on a very thick-sounding rifle.
Henri finished stuffing the empty chambers of her revolver with fresh bullets while she spoke, her voice, eyes, and chin pointing toward the faces in the surrounding windows, many of them now widows and father-less children.
"You all need to VACATE this town?" she yelled out, emphasizing the one word, "?or my friends and I are gonna come into every STORE and BEDROOM and we're going to SHOOT every one of YOU. Out of town, you have FIVE MINUTES."
She hated plan two, the one where she had to scare everyone out of the town. It only worked half the time anyway and even then the stubborn ones stayed and fought, most people didn't listen, no matter the tactic. Hers was Cassandra's burden, the inability for anyone to take her "predictions" seriously (even when they were posed as threats).
As if the Earth heard her warning and decided time was up, a foreign, ominous wind began to stir a dustbowl outside the town. The stir of wind and dirt spun up, higher and higher, begging up from the ground and funneling toward the sky in the vacant plot just outside the town. The scattered forest from which she'd come was away from this vacant land, off to the far right distance from the inlet. To the left horizon appeared the entrance of a vast, open flatland, long and suffering under the heat of the sun. But in the vacant plot just outside the town, for all to see, a windstorm was taking shape.
"I can't-" Henri choked, grief-stricken.
A tear formed in the edge of her eye.
"You ASSHOLE!" she finally screamed out, but this was different than her early heeding. Aside from the added infliction of anger - a passionate cross between outright frustration and pain in her voice - her words this time seemed to be directed at the sky, at the gathering clouds, at the darkening blue. This was neither warning nor threat to the town's people but an outright condemnation of God, it seemed.
Anson was behind her. He had come out with his gear, a knapsack and a long, stained guitar case that weighed heavily on his shoulder. She turned behind her to glance at the guitar case and then back at the growing wall of dust forming just outside the town.
"There's...there's nothing we can do."
Anson's voice had the same choke of angst as Henri's.
"What about the horses?" she asked, then turned quickly, pushing Anson out of the way for a good look at the front to the saloon. She pointed, her finger remaining in the air an extra second while her body had already began a sprint to the horses tied at the sheriff's post.
"I'm not riding into that-" Anson began but Henri cut him off.
"Neither am I. We're going through the saloon."
She untied the reins to free a brown quarter horse, which reluctantly turned its' head in Henri's direction. She pulled; it refused a step in any direction. There were other horses, several growing panicked from the growing dark of the sky and the loud swish of the gathering storm.
"Law of Unintended Consequence, sweetie. You're wasting your time?" Anson hollered to be heard over the air as it filled with the sound of rushing wind. She could hear him but, when she called back with an unapologetically graphic act for the man to commit with himself, her words were torn into 1,000 bits of noise and tossed and strewn in every direction.
Anson didn't hear her but could assume the words based on her expression.
Clouds had formed and the sun was gone from sight. The sky had gone blue to grey, and now the grey was worsening, rotting to a rancid black. The single cloud had spread out to a dark blanket, shaking as if filled with anger. That familiar shiver ran down Henri's back, the chill of approaching death. Anson had already retreated back into the saloon, running at full speed. Henri screamed at the quarter horse, then the other horses. As she backed away from the futility, the frustration, she continued screaming obscenities: she screamed at the sky, her face upward and her mouth clearly defined in the curses she spat; then, lower, to the people in the windows, not of curses but with unheard pleading, with promises that fell to naught. The people watched from their windows and Henri, as she finally succumbed to retreat by foot, stopped just shy of the entrance to the saloon. In an upstairs window of Cooper's Saloon, two over from Anson's earlier firing position, there stood a young boy watching helplessly. Tears streaked his face, and even through the darkness and the wind and the glass, she saw a boy in pain.
There were but a few short seconds between Henri's notice of the boy and her mad, rabid dash through the front slats and up the stairs to the locked door where the boy hid only a few feet behind. She kicked the handle twice and it popped off, the lock undone and the door swinging open.
From out of the room burst a child as if expelled from a fiery womb. The top of his matted brown hair stood two feet lower than her chin. His arms flailed wildly, attacking her, trying to hurt her, maim her, kill her, his furious grunts and whispers incomprehensible.
He was no older than nine.
The attack came as a surprise and, after a good swipe by the kid to her cheekbone, she let his second attempt miss, his fist passing her face by the length of a nose, and Henri's reflexes kicked in. Her fist connected with his jaw in a close jab, as the boy was nearly up against her. His body tilted back and she tried to steady him but he was already unconscious. She picked the boy up, expecting gravitas but finding the child to be emaciated, light.
With the boy in her arms, she returned to the first floor.
Before exiting behind the bar, Henri's eyes turned toward the window a moment to find the opposite end of town disintegrating against the enraged storm that had, only moments before, been preparing itself on the outskirts like a bull winding its feet before the charge. Now, the storm was nearly full in its force and only gaining momentum with each passing moment. People had finally emerged from their hiding places, scurrying every which way in every which form?old men and young women and even children hung clutched to the chests of the parents that were to protect them, but there was no protection against this force. Debris was raining and swinging in hunks and jagged blocks, each with enough weight to crush a dozen men and enough force to knock through walls.
It was a massive tornado, and she would get her revenge.
As she ran against the weight of the child in her arms, behind the bar and through the only door leading to the back, a piece of sturdy timber the length and size of two full-grown adults blew in through the upstairs walls and straight through the bedrooms as if they were built of saltines. Henri and the boy were through the door behind the bar but it didn't lead outside, it led to a short corridor with two dark rooms on either side, left and right, while at the end there was an exit, one in the form of a hanging screen door knocked nearly off its hinges by someone in a rush. In the distance, through the screen and in the gap of its sideways slant, Anson could be seen running toward the tree line some thirty paces ahead, running the same path from which Henri had just come - toward Coulson and Nashua.
Goddamn I wish I didn't need him?
More timber crashed in and down, through the front face of Cooper's Saloon, through the bedrooms, tearing out the other side of the upstairs wall as though it were as thin as paper, then driving downward into the center of the bar. There was a thunderous explosion of wood and glass as the timber landed and continued unimpeded, obliterating everything - tables, chairs, foundation beams, the bottom half of the stairs next to the bar, and the entire bar - rolling through the room as if it were twigs against an impetuous oak. The beam thrust back up after its first landing, bouncing into the air and down, into the air and down, into the air and down, a square tire of annihilation.
Henri had nearly crossed the short corridor and its dark rooms as the ceiling began to fall and cave, and she reached the screen as the timber hit, bounced, hit, and chased rampantly after her, tearing into the corridor.
At the screen door she dove with fierce determination, using the added strain of the child as an anchor, and together they fell face first into a patch of yellowing weeds, under the darkness sky, her face down and her body over the child, hugging him, praying for safety, praying?
Let me save just one. Please! Or you take us both.
Utter darkness as her face kept down and braced for the crushing impact while a deafening crunch sound followed her out, hounding her as the building began to crumple and collapse from an infrastructure that was all but decimated. It's going to fall and it's going to fall back and it's going to crush us just let it be quick-GET UP! Stop pitying yourself; you work for your vengeance! Earn it! She lifted her head growling, a feral creature with undying nerve. The back half of Cooper's Saloon did fall, but it fell into itself, slowing the rolling timber to a stop mid-way through the second pair of parallel doors in the corridor.
And then the run began again, though a bit slower as her ankle had taken a nasty turn in the dive through the screen door. She could still move, and quickly, but the dull ache had only begun and she knew the exquisite pain that would follow once the adrenaline subsided. The town was a hurtling mess behind her as she retraced the same boot tracks that had led her there, only in reverse. The town's faade - the exterior facing the forest on one side, the open flatland on the other, and the dead-end back to the saloon and neighboring store - had faired against the weather for some time but now found itself floundering, imploding, bits taken from the whole and jostled, then tossed back at something else or lifted right up into the sky. The front inlet had vanished in the shield of dust.


IV
The boy woke - groggy, dehydrated, and just as near death as he had been mere minutes earlier, when he had been locked in the saloon bedroom screaming blood at the window for the life of his father while his father, the man he loved, the only man he had in his life, was gunned down in the street by a woman and a mysterious shooter two rooms over. His eyes flittered. His first thought was death, that the convulsions and the weightlessness of his body was his ascension to the heavens, hallelujah; as his eyes focused, the image he took in didn't convince him otherwise. His father's shop was being chopped into a thousand sharp pieces. There was a tunnel leading into the sky, one whose start on Earth was tiny (A horse could fit in there, he thought with childish naivet) but whose end seemed to span the height of the sky, past the clouds whose swirling summit was the length and width of his town three times over, at least.
The final remnants of the town, the saloon and back-end stores were engulfed completely by the time the boy had wiped blood from his eyes. There was a gash on his eyebrow (from landing face-first on the hard ground) but he didn't acknowledge that it hadn't been there before; it didn't yet sting, though his jaw had an excruciating throbbing at the hinge near his left ear, one his mind chose not to focus on just yet. Nope, there was no pain because the boy was busy carefully observing the whirlwind of God, witnessing God as he reached down to take his father up to heaven.
"No?" he half-mumbled, beginning a whine that turned to a whimper and finally a desperate cry, "?no?lemme?lemme go?I have-I have to go back?" and he began to move his limbs individually, only now realizing he wasn't weightless, he wasn't convulsing or dead, he was being carried, carried by a woman. Her hair tickled his face as he arched his back to look at her face. Terror filled him as he recognized the face of the woman that had murdered his father in cold blood only moments before. The boy began an awful struggle in her arms. She held him tight against her, refusing to relax her hold even slightly; but, with thrashing and a bite to her bicep, the boy landed hard on the ground. She bent over him, first to pick him back up but mainly to keep him from running back to the tornado.
"Get off-my daddy's gone to heaven. GEE'OFF! He's gon' leave me!" the boy screamed, crying.
She couldn't get a solid hold of him.
The mile-high whirlwind had finished with the town and, like an insatiable giant, continued its roaming. Remains from the town - signs, doors, tubs, clothes - hurtled up and out, projectiles shot far and wide. The boy struggled harder against the woman's outstretched arms until her fist clenched and her arm dipped back?
And then a flash of light like a star.


V
When the boy woke, the woman that had carried him from town - murderer of his father, one and the same - had her shirt off. There was an odd brassier around her chest, one that hugged and accentuated her breasts, bringing them together. His eyes, upon this discovery, did no further wander, his dry mouth hanging open, his eyes glossy - could have been thirty seconds or thirty minutes, the boy was unsure. The woman hadn't noticed yet. She had a shred of white clothe in her left hand, wetting the tip in water that simmered in a small pot over a small fire. She dabbed the steaming clothe to a flesh wound on her arm. It was a bite mark from the boy.
"Don't get no ideas," a male voice informed the young boy.
The boy would have jumped out of his skin if it weren't for the fact that his arms were tied to a tree behind him. This he realized in tandem with the several pains burning in his body: there was a nagging ache in his jaw, a pounding in the back of his head, and an awful stinging above his eye. As he grew frantic against the ropes binding him, his breathing swallowed to gasps.
The woman turned to him, an initial look of interest.
The boy's face flushed beat red, then purple; his gasps became short, shallow puffs that sounded like choking.
"Jesus, cut him loose," she ordered the man sitting nearby.
They both crowded the boy as his eyes rolled into the back of his now blue face.
"He's got asthma or something," the man said with equal parts certainty and horror.
Once the ropes were off, the woman pushed the boy forward from the tree and got down behind him, curling her legs around him. She lifted his shirt with one hand (his back was covered in long, semi-healed lacerations) while she removed her brassier with the other hand, gently hugging him against her so that the skin of his back was against the skin of her front.
"Breathe with me?breathe with me?breathe?breathe?"
The woman's voice was soft; it was gentle, caring. The man seemed taken aback more from the gentleness of her tone than the emergence of her bare breasts. She continued saying the same thing, combinations of "breathe" and "breath" and "air" and "feel" until the boy's choking sound stopped and a tiny bit of blue drained from his face. "Feel my skin?feel my heartbeat?feel my heartbeat?breathe?" She caressed his hair with one hand, the other placed under his shirt and over his heart.
The boy slowed, calmed, and drifted off to sleep as Henri sang in dulcet, mournful tones:

I can promise you
You'll stay as beautiful
With dark hair
And soft skin...forever
Forever

Make up your mind
Make up your mind
And I'll promise you
I will treat you well
My sweet angel
So help me, Jesus


VI
"I have?just so many questions-"
"Just ask already."
"?so why'd you take off your shirt? With the boy. Just felt like a moment to be free or?"
"The touch of skin-on-skin contact is soothing to children. The physiological effect was to-"
"I've never seen you care for someone like that. So?maternal. So caring?and the song! When'd you start singing?"
"?fuck off?"
?
"You lose your?" he nodded to the guitar case against a nearby tree.
"Destroyed."
"Uh huh." Anson was disappointed, as he had put a lot of work into the contents of her guitar case. "And what happened in Saintstown that got everyone killed there?"
"I acted when I shouldn't have."
?
"Any more to the story?"
"No."
"Got it."
"It's?" Henri sighed, a look at the kid, "?it's impossible not to act sometimes."
?
"I don't make it this time."
"Sharpe?don't start with that again. I can't-I just can't. Please."
Anson Sharpe was careful around Henri because, unlike most people (usually men but women as well), Henri Ville had a tendency to surprise him. She was often times capable of cold-blooded precision, and she was gifted with the uncanny ability to perform an instant and calculated triage on any situation to survive - after so many years of being cornered, there was nary a situation she couldn't escape. If it weren't for his specific skill set and his specialties (of which there were many), Henri would have long ago left him and/or shot him point blank, especially if he stood in her way. As it was, she had left him once before. He was glad to be rid of her for a while, long enough for him to avoid the wrath of the winds and enjoy his accumulated wealth?though, with free time and all the booze his liver could withstand, he still somehow found his time spent thinking of her. And now, with this boy, watching her act gently, motherly, actually sharing a genuinely tender moment with her?well, she had once again surprised him.
Henri laid the boy on a blanket Anson spread out. The ground was softer in this particular area of the forest, the grass thick, vibrant green, and flourishing beneath the branches. The boy curled into the fetal position and tucked his hands between his knees. She watched him an extra moment, her eyes scanning him with the same focus they had had when she scanned Anson for his sobriety.
He'll live, she decided firmly enough to move on.
There was an awkward cough and peculiar expression as Anson looked at the grass, then at the fire, at the boy, back to the fire, and again down to the grass.
Henri was standing bare-chested.
"You can look, asshole - I know you want to. They're just breasts. And it's not like you haven't seen 'em before."
Anson welcomed the sight of Henri's naked body, soaking in as much detail as possible, but winced at the extensive damage. Crouching by the fire beside the boiling water, Henri resumed dipping the white cloth that was once her undershirt into the hot water. She dabbed her many wounds: an older gash that ran down her neck to her shoulder, the child's bite marks, and a dozen other scrapes and cuts. Her body looked as though it had been beaten, as well. There was a large bruise that followed the curve of her ribcage and, as she turned, Anson saw several purple splotches on her back. He had seen her naked before, seen every inch of her bare body many times, but it had never looked so trampled. The worse he had seen was this one time where she fell ill while fighting a life-threatening infection. He had tried to nurse her back to health but, like everything else to Henri, it was a battle she wanted to face alone.
"I'm going to need antiseptic. He bit deep," she said, checking the wound on her arm in the light of the fire.
Dusk had arrived in the time between the boy's fit and his move to the blanket but the dark wrap of nightfall was still forty-five minutes out.
"Stitches?" Anson asked.
Henri squeezed the wound, turning it to her face.
"No but I'm sure that kid's mouth is worse than a garbage pile."
Anson reached into his knapsack and removed a tiny ball of pink knit fabric - unfurling the thick, long material revealed that it was an overly large sock stuffed with something sloshing. He stuck his hand inside and pulled a corked bottle from the center of the pouch.
"Pour this on it," he assured her, passing the bottle.
"Any good?" she asked, uncorking it and sniffing; her eyes didn't hint at any reaction to the scent.
"Um?" he squinted at the bottle, then shook his head and returned to the knapsack, removing yet another tiny bundle of fabric, unfurling it, and this time pulling out a pint-sized, transparent glass bottle. The liquid inside was clear. He uncorked it and took a little sip, then gasped as if his throat were gone.
"Here?" was the only hoarse word he could stifle out, motioning to switch the bottles before Henri could pour any on her arm. She remained motionless watching Anson, the bottle in her hand.
For a brief flicker in the firelight, he saw the hint of a smile cross her lips.
Then it was gone.
After an exchange of the bottles, Henri smelled the clear liquid and her expression relaxed a small, almost immeasurable amount. Anson noticed her easing slightly; he was accustomed to her nuance, her idiosyncrasies and all the other things she denied whenever he brought them up. Like how she would sometimes contradict herself first thing (literally the very first thing) in the morning, as if her brain were working things out and her mouth lagged behind.
Henri poured the clear liquid on the shirt, then wiped it over her throat and arm wounds, feeling the burn deep in her muscles, from bicep to chest to face and even around to her mid-back; but, as always, Henri made no noise and brought no attention to the pain. With a nodding motion like the one Anson had just made (he nodded in agreement, smiling), they exchanged bottles once more - and this time she took a strong drink of the liquid.
Anson stood up, his knife in one hand and his pistol drawn in the other.
"How's it taste?" he asked, curious.
Time stopped a moment while he looked down at her.
Another of her quirks (and the hardest for her to outright deny) was that she winced after every shot of hard alcohol; on occasion, she'd even shutter a bit. Pain, death, murder - none of it made her flinch, only alcohol. In the light of the fire, Anson caught Henri's eyes as she drank - and she stared back up, right back up into Anson's brown eyes knowing full well he was looking, watching, waiting for that wince. Two gulps in, the bottle lowered from her lips as both eyes half-closed, her lips taking the form of something tart having just passed between them, and she breathed out deeply.
That was all the answer he needed.
Anson never stopped smiling as he left to hunt before darkness set in.


VII
Dinner was quail and two rabbits.
Returning to camp, approaching under the cover of night, the voices were distinct at twenty paces and Anson could clearly see the boy was again tied to the tree. Henri had put her blue and white plaid shirt back on but without an undershirt or bra, her chest beating its way out against the top buttons; even at twenty paces, Anson could tell the buttons were losing the fight.
Kid's gonna have another Goddamn asthma attack.
"You killed my papa!" the boy was angry. His tone was venomous without yelling, a subtle, controlled rage in his inflection. Obviously distraught, the boy seemed to have become less fearful, less violent, more weary, more restrained.
"I'm sorry."
Henri's calm, unrequited tone further angered the boy.
"But wwwwwwhy?" the boy moaned, his rage gone, and all that remained in him was grief-stricken. "Why did you have?" sob, snivel, "?why'd you have to kill my papa? Why couldn't you have left him?" sob, sob, "?just left him alone, the rest?"
His remorse, his profound hurt was shattering, worse than the wounds.
She was leaning in near him (careful to stay away from his teeth), having just finished retying him to the tree. Anson continued his silent approach, same as he did hunting, and was just beyond the nearest trees. About to speak up, something prevented him. Crouched back on her heels, facing the young boy from beside the fire, Henri's eyes conveyed regret more than her mild apology, more than any words passing through her harsh lips.
"What's your name?" Henri finally asked.
Anson decided this was his best time to enter, and he did so careful not to alarm Henri; however, as he rejoined the camp, she gave him a look as if she knew he had been paused behind the trees the entire time.
"Jonathon!" he spat, proud. "Jonathon William Beckett the third! Like my papa and my papa's papa. They's good folk?" And the passion fled once more, resolved to sorrow and a short, hidden sniffle - he was trying to hide it as they didn't deserve to hear him sound weak; it served to only make him look that much more pitiful, tears and a runny nose without the ability to wipe them.
Henri gathered one of the shreds from her white tee-shirt. The boy flinched excitedly in an attempt to flee her as she pushed in but he gave in near immediately, letting her caress away the tears and hold the cloth for him to blow his nose, which he did quite loudly.
"Holy moley, kid. You got an elephant up there?" Anson chuckled from the other side of the fire. He was skinning the first rabbit, sure to keep himself visible to the kid, at least while he was tied to the tree. He sneaked a glimpse at the boy using his peripherals. The boy named Jonathon William Beckett the third cracked no smile and showed no sign of good humor, instead glaring irately from Henri, across the fire, to Anson. No further tears were coming, that was for sure.
"My name's Anson Sharpe, kid. I'll shake your hand when we can untie you. And that," he looked to Henri, who had been outside the kid's bite range but was now receding to her spot next to the fire, "is Henrietta Sofia Villanova." He returned his attention to skinning the rabbit. "I used to call her Saida?Arabic for unfortunate one." He chuckled. "That was uh?well, before?" Struggling to pull the hide from the meat, there came a sickening squish noise later and then he was successful. He looked up, one hand covered in blood and the other holding the rabbit's pelt. "Guess that was before we really knew what unfortunate was, huh, Saida?"
"Don't call me that," she scolded.
"Which?" Anson asked back, knowing that she hated the name Saida a fair amount more than she hated her full birth name, which she shed shortly after their abandonment in the west.
There was no answer.
"Just call her Henri. Henri Ville!" he proclaimed. "Sounds westerny, American. Strong, sturdy. Henry Ville, queen of the western frontier."
Henri moved toward Anson - who had gutted the second rabbit and was in the process of skinning it - and she leaned over the small pile of intestines and guts on the ground to whisper, intently, "If you ever mock me again, I'll break your finger. Not your trigger finger, none too important. But I don't appreciate being mocked."
She stood up and looked from the man to the boy.
"We eat. We sleep. Tomorrow we rise before dawn and we head southwest."
"Southwest? Into open land?" Anson asked, shocked.
"We're missing someone," she answered.
"Oh, God! Would you get over it already? There's no going back. You need to get over it."
"Southwest is Injun territory," the boy spoke low, almost as if it were disobedient to speak.
"I didn't ask. Listen here," she spoke, her teeth gritted as if to stop a flood of verbal abuse from spewing past her lips. "We head southwest tomorrow. Indians or no Indians. Home or no home. We eat. We sleep. And we leave before dawn. Get over it." She repeated the words Anson had just used, words he used often under pressure, words she absolutely hated - she wasn't going to get over it, she was going to go straight-Goddamn-through it.
She stomped over to the boy, an accusatory finger pointed at his nose. He flinched, not out of anger but with the anticipation of being hit.
"You better get yourself straight 'cause we're travelin' as a happy family unit. Should save us some hassle."
The boy scoffed, disbelieving her sincerity in the plan-her hand was across his face before he had time to flinch, and she waited for him to recover before continuing.
"Your daddy locked you in a room and went off to do dangerous things with dangerous men and death ain't modest for no man, father or not. I may have left your medicine back in that room but you was worse off, weren't you? Ain't have no water in there, did you?" She pointed aggressively; the boy cowered. "Did you?"
"No?"
"No what?" she hissed.
"No, I ain't have no water in the room."
"You address me as 'ma'am' from now on, after everything you say. Got it? 'Yes, ma'am.' 'No ma'am.' Understand?" No answer; raised backhand. "Understand?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"You practically drank a gallon of water in the time you've been out. Dehydrated, emaciated-was there food in your room?"
"I?I don't rememb-"
"Was there food in your room? Did your wonderful daddy leave you food? Huh? Did dear ole' dad leave you so much as a sandwich, a-a-a cracker? Anything, when he locked you in a bedroom for who knows how long?"
"No?ma'am."
"Yeah. You're emaciated kid. Malnourished. Iron deficiency. Means you gonna stay small unless you start eating. Prolly die from your ailment. Surprised you ain't dead already."
The boy's eyes had been fearful to look into Henri's penetrating, intense gaze; as a sign of defiance, he glared up with a downturned chin, eyes as evil as a man awaiting the gallows, ferocious and without impress.
While joint, eyes locked, Henri continued in a solemn, haunting tone:
"How often he whip you? Use a belt, did he?" The boy didn't say anything, his eyes full of so much hate. "Yeah?did it mainly when he drank, right? Get that whiskey in him, beat on you 'cause you were weak. Hell, breathing issues - you're probably small for your age, aren't-"
"That's enough."
Anson had stood up, both hands at his side, a knife clasped in his right and both dripping blood. The muscles in his body were tense. There was a silence broken only by the crackling of the fire. Henri and the young boy continued their stare. The boy's face was drenched in as much hate as Anson's hands were blood. Henri gave a snort of detest and broke the stare, twisting to head toward the trees.
"Start cooking that meat. We got an early morning," she said, unzipping her pants as she strolled past the light of the fire and into the darkness.


VIII
The sound of an idiot woke her.
"Who you think these people are?" Coulson asked.
"Ask'em," Nashua answered.
The men were standing just outside the perimeter of the camp.
"Look'it, they tied that boy up to the tree."
"Hey!" the boy called to them. "Help me! Untie me! Get me out of here! She kilt my papa!"
Henri shot upright. Her bed had been too comfortable, the ground too soft, too cushioned?it was already past dawn. Anson wasn't anywhere to be found. And the boy wouldn't shut up from his makeshift bed against the tree. She stood and faced the two men.
"My son," she sighed, "I don't know why he keeps doing this to us. Lying, making up dirty lies. And my husband's gone off, I don't know where he went."
"What'n you say, boy?" Nashua asked, skeptical of both people.
The boy told an abbreviated version of the true story.
Coulson looked dumbfounded, scratching the top of his head where there was still a small tuft of hair that hadn't disappeared with the rest. Nashua had the cavalry rifle but had yet pointed it anywhere other than the ground. Both men studied the boy, then the female, then the boy again, their heads moving together.
"Just take a seat," she said, rationally. "My husband's out hunting an' he'll be back any minute and we can all have breakfast."
"Thought you ain't know where yer husband was?" Coulson asked.
Nashua lazily lifted the rifle to point at Henri's chest.
"This ain't yer real mama, boy?" he asked.
"No! God no!" the boy answered, pleading. "Help me! Untie me! Please!"
"I'm gon' ask you to remove them gun belts-slowly," Nashua told her.
Disappointment washed over Henri face.
"Gentlemen, you're making a mistake?" Henri said, trying her best to sound vulnerable as she undid the belts around her waist. They fell to the floor with a heavy thud while her hands remained on her waist band, holding her pants up.
"Keep them hands up," Coulson added with a snicker.
Henri raised her palms into the air.
Both men let out a disapproving sigh when her pants didn't fall down.
"You sure this here ain'tcher momma?" Nashua asked.
"Please! Just untie me!" the boy's pleading had lost some passion.
Coulson walked behind the tree and cut the binds holding the boy in place. Rubbing his sore wrists, the boy rose to his feet and cast a final contemptuous look at Henri, who stared back with something much calmer, more menacing?then Jonathon William Beckett the third was running through the forest in a direction he hoped would lead to Saintstown.


IX
Jonathon had only run a quarter-mile before he had to stop. His breathing had grown tight in his chest and he knew he couldn't run much further before it would become choking noises and a black out.
Slumped against a tree, the boy did his best not to act reckless.
Breathe, time?
His father had never been one to let him run?or play or attend learnin' or have friends?in fact, his father had never been one to let him do much of anything. They traveled to towns, sure, but near dinner time his father would lock him in his room (or any room, really) and venture out into the world: some nights he would come back alone, sober; some nights he would come back alone, drunk; other nights he brought back a lady and Jonathon would have to wait outside the door, where his father would use crude pieces of twain to tie both his hands to the banister. Oddly enough, those were his favorite nights, as the upstairs banisters in saloons and brothels had an overview of the comings and goings. These were the only times available for him to experience the company of strangers. ("All of them'er degenerate whores and any of 'em touches you, I'll whap you and them, whap 'em real good-and they know it, and now you know it," his father told him.) He also had a bird's eye view of all the card games, which often led to fights. He had even been there, in Saintstown, watching silently as Nashua leapt up, knocking over his chair, and pointed accusatory fingers at each of the people at the poker table; Jonathon's eye was sharp, and he noticed during the hands preceding the loud confrontation that it was Nashua who was cheating. In a stroke of genius, he was the first to make accusations and it forced the deputies to escort him out with all his unearned winnings.
None of this compared to the dulcet sounds of the piano, which was always his favorite. Up on the second floor, Jonathon would lean on the floor as best as he could get comfortable, his back against the wood and tied arms over his head, and he would bask in the blissful keystrokes of the piano (without a wall between!) though he'd eventually have to stand as the blood would drain from his arms.
And then there were the drunk nights-not the normal drunk, which was fine and often led to an immediate snack and sleep; no, the bastard drunk, the demon under whose spell his father fell once a week. That's how his father always described it: "I got a demon in me, boy, an' sometimes?sometimes that demon comin' out whether I wan' 'im to or not." During those bastard drunks, his father would whip him, reminding, "You ain't never gonna be a man, yuh weak sum'bitch."
Those were often the nights of the 7 lashings: each of the 7 lashes represented a sin committed by man, and each lash was in repentance of that sin, no matter the committer. His father often found himself under the demon sin Gluttony but, on rare occasions, he admitted to the sin of Lust with those "degenerate whores"; once he begged forgiveness for committing Envy and Pride, begging his son to let him "whip the demon out good an' fierce." Those were rare though, and most nights of the bastard drunk, his father's calm, mechanical voice could be heard beseeching God's forgiveness for the sins of man; his voice only rising to be heard over the wailing of his son and the thrashing of the belt as it sliced air and skin alike.
Alone in his room most nights, Jonathon watched the town inlet and the people mingling, riding up on horseback, shopping and passing through - to occupy his time he tried to make up stories about strangers but it never helped, it only furthered his boredom and sadness as every story he envisioned began:
One day, the stranger got the key to the room and left to visit the world?
Everything after that was blank; there was no material to draw from except the debauchery he witnessed from nights against the banister, and he was terrified to think of them lest a demon possess his soul and force him to sin.
The only place his father would take him was the church at Warminster Parish.
Several minutes passed before Jonathon had gained some strength and he was ready to continue running. Jonathon began again, his legs weak like jelly but this time at the start. Bad sign, he thought, but it wasn't long before, in the middle of the thin forest, Jonathon saw a familiar figure in black. Full sprint, ignoring his weak legs and tightening chest, Jonathon moved without caution as he had finally found hope?


X
Henri sat on the blanket, her legs crossed in front of her. On her lap was a cigarette pouch (snuck out of Anson's knapsack, as all of his stuff was still there) and she smoothed the curly, fibrous strands of dried tobacco leaves back and forth along the center of a thin piece of rolling paper; sliding it between her lips and along her tongue, then out of her mouth and quickly through the flame of the small campfire until the paper hardened into a crisp, sealed cigarette. Her bandana had long been removed and she enjoyed the shade of the trees.
I'm sure the boy'll find a nearby town, she thought and sighed. His escape had caused a rare moment of indecision in Henri, as she was distracted and unable to focus on anything except concern for the young boy who had run from her as if she were the devil.
Leaning in, she lit the tip of the cigarette and inhaled.
And where the hell is Anson?
Her guns had already been disassembled, cleaned, oiled, and reassembled. For breakfast she ate half a canister of cornmeal and diced oats. All that was left was to wait?she couldn't leave Anson as he was too important and none of this would work without him. No, she had no choice but to sit and wait for him to return.
Minutes passed, the cigarette burned to ash.
The snapping-crack of a twig crushed underfoot startled Henri. Her crossed legs twisted and tightened beneath her, propelling her body as if a feline, graceful and quick, with both revolvers drawn - one forward and one back in case the sound was a decoy for a flank.
If it was anyone but Anson, she intended to fire.
"Hello?" called an unfamiliar male voice, the tone lost and seeking.
In the distance moved a billowing black with a white stripe across the center. Henri holstered the left-hand gun and cocked the .38 in her right. As the floating black moved through the trees, closer and closer, Henri distinguished the unmistakable, smock-like black attire of a priest. The young priest - whose red hair and freckled face were becoming more defined with each approaching step - had the body of an unconscious young boy draped across his arms?
"Are you missing a young boy?" he called out, advancing in bow-legged, clumsy steps.
"Yes," she cautiously called back.
"Thank you, ma'am," the priest simultaneously laughed and sighed as he entered the camp. He laid the unconscious body of Jonathon William Beckett the third on the scratchy blanket. It was still warm from Henri's body heat. As the priest gently released his hold, the young boy curled into the fetal position, tucking his hands between his knees.
Standing, the young priest was equal in height to Henri at 5'8. His face had a layer of baby fat along the chin and his features carried the misleading look of youth, one that made it difficult to pinpoint his age - maybe early-twenties, maybe mid- to late-thirties. His Irish heritage was the only certainty, and his light voice carried a minor, enduring trace of the accent. (Maybe the accent dimmed after years in America; or, maybe he was born on the east coast of America and the tinge came from interacting with parents and neighbors from the homeland.) There weren't many details she could read off the man - nobility in his lifted chin, regiment in his prompt, square shoulders, and maybe a sense of leadership, control, manipulation?(Those are just your biases toward religion.) The inability to attribute positive or negative characteristics filled her stomach with dread. She had been good at summing people up almost instantly - poor posture, darting eyes, imperfect smiles?this man had little to show her, a tabula rasa, but that didn't stop her from trying.
Henri's cocked gun was still in her right hand but lowered and the priest had yet to notice, confusing the serene surrounding as a sign that the camp was safe. She blatantly un-clicked the hammer to see his reaction but he had none, his eyes appreciatively roaming the forest as he caught his breath. She slipped the gun back into the holster - the rub of metal on leather as the revolver laid to rest had become one of Henri's favorite sounds. Years ago, if she had told a young Henrietta Sofia Villanova that the sound of a revolver slipping into a holster would become a favorite sound of hers - one that still gave her an occasional chill and goosebump (though not this time, unfortunately) - the young Ms. Villanova would have pushed up her spectacles, laughed in disrespect, and rudely turned away.
Henri's hand stayed tense and ready to draw the revolver again, if need be.
"I found him gasping somewhere that way and he just?" the priest pointed toward a large area of the forest in the same direction as the boy's escape from camp not long before; then, still winded from his journey shouldering the child, he pantomimed fainting. He gave a short chuckle. "Never thought I'd find someone out here except maybe Mr. Coulson and Mr. Nashua."
The priest held his hand out.
"Name's Rigby. People tend to call me Pastor Briarwood. Don't know your faith," he eyed her a moment, "but either name's fine." And he smiled, unwavering in his ability to maintain eye contact (his were a darker shade of blue than Henri's, nearly an opaque grey), his hand still extended in polite greeting.
Hesitantly, she reached out and gently rest her fingers along the ridge between his thumb and forefinger. He bent his head down, graciously kissed the back of her hand, and politely lifted his chin to again gaze into her eyes, an innocent, steadfast smile upon his lips. Her hand slipped from his and swung lifeless by her side. It was an unconscious move, almost like submission; a moment of weakness brought on by the sheer magnetism of the priest and his piercing blue/grey eyes. Or maybe it was his ethereal presence and her failure to find judgment against him.
"What are you doing out here?" she asked, probing.
"I come here to write my sermons. I live in Warminster, just a short bit that way. Carriage trail's just over yonder. It's always quiet, peaceful. Where's your ah, your husband?" he asked, looking at the supplies scattered around the ground.
"Actually, that's a good question. I'm hoping he got lost hunting but it's been maybe three hours since he left. I won't worry yet but-"
"Not much stuff for three people here," he said.
Her eyes narrowed with suspicion?
A short pang of panic?
And then-


XI
Henri woke up choking, gagging.
It was the acrid stink of rot, and the second time that day a rough unpleasantness brought her out of a deep slumber. The stench came from the sack over her head, one which must have been hung over many heads, not all living. It consisted solely of a stiff, coarse thread and scratched against her face, hanging just long enough for the front end to dangle loosely at her neckline.
Her head bobbed in rhythm with the motion of the horse-drawn carriage as it rocked back-and-forth and side-to-side, sometimes in one motion. As she came to and tried to comprehend what was happening, a blinding pain - one like a saw blade jammed and mashed deep into the sub-occipital ridge at the back of her skull - caused her to stop moving, close her eyes, and calm the waves of dizziness and nausea. The sensation was familiar: it was the aftermath of a blow to the back of her head strong enough to jar the brain. In the moment prior to the blow, she understood her mistake - that her instincts to shoot anyone and anything approaching camp besides Anson had been right on the nose. By now there were a dozen towns searching for her, especially those local to Saintstown or anyone that witnessed the gunfight and survived the tornado.
I want to see a wanted poster of myself before I die.
They exist, these posters. Somewhere right now, on some placard in small towns, there's a picture of my face and the litany of crimes of which I've been accused-well, justly accused. I want one of those posters, or at least I want to see it once before I die. If I make it out of this, I'm taking my wanted poster back home. Show everyone-well, kill the man responsible for all of this?then show everyone. Like a knickknack at a party. They'll think it's a novelty. Assholes. And then she reminded herself, Wait-wait-wait. You're not going home. You're never going home. No more home, remember? Anson's Lord knows where, Bialik is in his ghost town waiting for the hordes he knew would follow the trail. Wait-wait-wait, slow it down. Still too far ahead. Anson Sharpe, grumpy old Bialik, even Jonathon William Beckett the third?doesn't matter-none of it, none of them. Does not matter. Right now they're taking you to a holding cell or, if it's a local town, straight to the gallows. Hey, that can be our new home, our final residence. Hangman can lead us to the doorway.
Still, I'd like to see a wanted poster with my face on it.
Henri snapped out of it. The dizzy spell and initial shock of the brain trauma had passed, fading to a noticeable buzz flying around the inside of her cranium. Hands clasped together as if in prayer, she lifted her arms. Iron shackles were binding them at the wrist and a chain kept them secure at waist level. From the gap in the bottom of her large, rancid hood she could see the thick, black chain links coming from somewhere right, across her waist and through a hoop in her shackles, then off to the left. She could glimpse the bottom of the cage that served as a back door to the prisoner coach. The chains tethered her irons to something on either side but she was unsure where exactly. Moving her head, she tried to look around from beneath the hood but found that the harder she tried, the less she actually saw.
"I'm gonna throw up," she warned, a fact that was very near true from the combination skull ache and hood stink. Fake retching noises followed but only for a moment as they immediately became real and she had to stop. Last thing she wanted to do was puke in the already disgusting sack over her face.
If someone else was there, they were absolutely silent.
Mobility's limited but it seems there's enough freedom?She arched her back and stuffed the top-half of her hand down the crotch of her pants. Here's hoping the chains aren't tethered to gunmen silently watching my every move?Her shackles met the harsh end of their reach, yanking the chain for an extra inch or two of leeway. A groan came from her direct right - someone was sitting beside her.
"Anson?" she whispered, simultaneously hopeful for his company and desperate not to find him there - no matter how unlikely it was, she found solace in the ability to bury a bit of hope in the slim chance that, if all else failed, Anson Sharpe might show up and save the day.
Stumble up's more like it.
Whole thing's doubtful.
No one answered her call just as no one responded to her fake vomiting. She suspected the person to her right was unconscious.
Fishing, digging, digging?
Her fingers reached deeper and deeper down, past her underwear and against the curve at the top of her thigh, and down?down?just a bit farther, stretching and arching and reaching to touch the tippy-top of the thin piece of metal stuck against the inside of her thigh. Fingertips touched it, she arched further, her fingertips brushed against the top of it?finally, her index and thumb got a light pinch of it. There was nothing holding the twig-like bar against her skin aside from the jeans themselves, which did the job just fine. At 2 inches long, the cylindrical metal tube had a half inch diameter and hid easily behind a natural crease on the inside seam of the jeans. Little by little, she pulled, reached, arched, pinched, brought it up a tiny bit more, and a tiny bit more, up and up until, with a sense of great accomplishment and hope, she got a firm grasp on the-
The carriage stopped dead.
The person at her side lurched toward the front, dragging her only slightly. As she braced for a further pull toward the front, she found it easy not only to prevent being dragged but to drag the person back her way. They were limp, unconscious, but also frail. Skinny. Weakened.
An old man, probably. Should prolly help sit him back up.
She blindly reached out her shackled hands, searching for the passenger. There was an audible gasp from inside the carriage. It wasn't until she tasted the putrid air from inside the hood that Henri realized she had been the one to gasp. Her hands were frozen. A substantial panic washed over her in much the same way as dizziness and nausea had when she first woke in the back of that prison coach; however, the terror induced by her companion was short-lived, merely serving as an introduction to the horrors that awaited her now that they had reached their destination.




BATTLE OF WARMINSTER
I
Children as a choir of angels sang:

Simply, simply, as a little child;
Simply, simply, spirit meek and mild.

In our weakness He is strong;
In despair He is our song;
It is with thankful hearts our praise to Him belongs,
As He wraps His arms around us in love.

Jesus loves me; this I know, for the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to Him belong; they are weak but He is strong.
Yes, Jesus loves me; yes, (In my heart I know) Jesus loves me;
Yes, (I know) Jesus loves me; the Bible tells me so.

And then he began?
"Hello, friends! Welcome-gather, gather, please. Seats, there are seats still open in the back. Sit, please. My loves and my hearts. Please, let us gather and sit together and enjoy this-this day of beauty and calm. The donation basket, let us give back as much as we receive, too, please.
"I have asked you to gather-to join me, oh to join! and to come listen and convalesce while I speak of the things that I've learned since last I called upon you, my birds. And there have been a great many things-but before you cast a stone, let us remember that we are not here to speak of the devils and demons in our midst! No, I know you see these-these SINNERS!-but look past, avert your eyes, and welcome my voice and our collective heart to bask over you.
"We are not here to speak of the demons today but to remind ourselves of the angels that please us with their kindness and gentleness of attitude. God, He spoke to me recently and He said-nay, He doesn't say anything more than might a hummingbird whisper, so pardon me?God, He bellows like an echo through canyon miles-like-like the caress of a brook as it so strikingly babbles to us?not to say that God babbles?"
A few snickered at the good humor.
"God, He bawled his words into a fit of lightening and He shot it right inside my brain and He reminded me, 'I do not send you as a SHEEP amongst wolves, my son; I send you as a LIGHT against the DARKNESS!' Now God didn't ask-not that he needed to. No, God didn't ask any more than I asked to be born a prophet of the Almighty-but, it is as a prophet that I stand before you during these, our little chits and chats on the Sabbath. These, our conversations on life-on joy. And it is as a light against the darkness that I stand before you today, reminding us all that these-these SINNERS!-they're not our focus. They're not our world. Shem, you sell your hammers by the quality of their wood and the sturdiness of their steel-not by their influence on the evil, not by-not by their possible ineptitudes, their possible fortitudes against the right, against the good?"
"No, sir!"
"Amen!"
In chorus, "Amen."
"And Peggy Ann, you don't hem and sew those wonderful patterns - those, such wondrous, amazing designs - you don't-don't work on them under the guise-under the prejudice of malice, under the oft chance that a Satan-worshiper might fancy the red, 'Oh-la-la'?"
More snickered.
"No, sir, Pastor Briarwood!"
"Sisters and brothers-AMEN!"
An enthusiastic chorus, "Amen!"
"Then let us look upon the face of this, our demise?"


II
"A dagger straight to the heart of darkness!"
And with that final cry, Pastor Briarwood removed the sack from over Henri Ville's face. Her eyes were open and they weren't worried for the crowd-though gallows were present in the far background outside (already strung up with two long, dangling strips of rope). She tilted to the unconscious boy crumpled beside her on the floor, her wrists still shackled but with a bit more freedom now that they were out of the coach. Jonathon William Beckett the third was still alive but barely. Constriction of his airways was causing his chest to clench, and his breathing had decreased as if a slowly tightening vice grip were on his throat. If he were to wake and see this, the fright may send him into shock and even death; even then, surviving the sight of their surroundings just meant he'd live long enough to see himself hang from the gallows.
A sharp knock hit the back of her head.
The man standing behind her had punched his fist into the back of her skull and, though it didn't hurt as badly as it could have due to the poor quality of the blow, it happened to land on a previous injury and stung enough to keep her momentarily quiet and still.
Then, it was time to check the surroundings?
This would have to be fast.


III
Pastor Briarwood was standing barefoot at the confluence of his church.
They were in a rounded, high-reaching silo made of wood and nail. Erected nearly to the ceiling, a life-sized altar of Christ on the Cross loomed behind the Pastor that appeared to have a fresh coat of dripping blood around the crown of thorns, the hands, the feet, and the ribs. Henri and Jonathon were to one side, in a boxed area. Another area of boxed seats was opposite them, probably for a small gospel; now the seats were occupied by parishioners. Behind Henri stood a tall, heavy-set man wearing a brown leather, chinless executioner's mask, one that was more appropriate at a beheading than anywhere near a church sermon, even if a hanging was to take place soon afterward. His appearance was unnerving, as was the gun muzzle he kept pressed against the back of Henri's head.
There was a thin strip of decadent, blood-red-and-shadowed-black carpet leading up the pulpit's two steps and along the short stretch of platform where Pastor Briarwood stood. Beyond, the benches were filled the congregation, great big smiles across their faces as they stared at Pastor Rigby Briarwood with adulation. Behind the benches, curved and barn-like doors opened the far wall up to the afternoon sunlight. More parishioners were gathering outside. The wooden planks of the gallows were in the distance passed, to the right.
Pastor Briarwood took a glance at the boy curled on the ground and, with a blink of inconvenience, returned center stage, calling to the executioner, "Get the boy up. Bring him here." The executioner didn't hear as he was too busy gazing over Henri's shoulder and down her shirt. The Pastor cleared his throat. The executioner's gaze lifted, realizing he had been addressed (there was a moment where Henri could feel the large thug's body tighten, tense, then freeze) and finally another sharp pain in the back of her head as, once more, the man in the chinless executioner's mask behind her gave a weak, left-handed punch.
"She was tryin' to move or some'in, sir Briarwo-Pas-Pastor, sir," the man spoke, his voice much like a child caught stealing for the first time. He was obviously a simpleton.
The Pastor's saccharine expression hid an obvious annoyance.
"It's alright, Reginald. We shall talk later." (Henri felt the executioner's body tense again.) "Please stand the boy up and bring him to me. Bring him to the center of our temple so that we may look upon him."
Reginald lifted the weak body of the child as if it were a ragdoll. Jonathon shivered at the gruff manhandling, convulsing a little as he lay across the large man's arms. Reginald circled around the box, to the head of the pulpit, but as his foot lifted to step on the thin strip of red carpet on which the Pastor was standing, Briarwood's eyes flashed an anger Henri had yet to see - it was the fury she knew must lie beneath the surface, the turbulent storm under the pleasant veneer of the man Rigby Briarwood. And though he didn't speak, Briarwood's eyes scared Reginald enough for him to back up twice and stumble down the steps in front of the pulpit, nearly onto the front bench of the congregation. Reginald caught himself at the last moment, returned to the foot of the pulpit's steps hurriedly to compensate delaying such an easy task, and laid the child down against the two steps of the pulpit. There was an awkward moment when the boy refused to let go, where the executioner had to pull back again and again to get away from the clutching hands and arms outstretched in desperation?
The boy had felt safety in the executioner's arms.
"LOOK AT HIM!-" Pastor Briarwood spoke in a horrid, high pitched, maniacal yell, robbing every individual of their attention and thought before continuing with only brief inflections of screaming insanity, "-trying to GRAB AND STEAL POOR REGINALD'S BREATH! Because poor Reginald doesn't know any better!"
Reginald looked up a moment. Even with the executioner's mask blocking most of his face, the look in his eyes was lost. He was thinking about what was just said, slowly comprehending that Pastor Briarwood had just told him the boy was trying to steal his?breath? soul?... With a sign of recognition and ignorant horror, Reginald's trunk-like arm swung down in one grand sweep motion to slap the boy away, severing the child's weak attempts. The boy relinquished after this, curling against the pulpit steps until he was in the fetal position with his hands between his knees.
"This boy-you may watch the other prisoner, Reginald," Pastor Briarwood began, then interrupted himself. The executioner had remained standing in the front. Once Reginald was again behind Henri (minus the gun, which remained holstered), the Pastor continued: "This boy's father was a decent, hardworking man two towns over. Jon Beckett Jr. Good, solid man - a man that'd help in danger, as he did the day this WHORESPAWN-" a dramatic point to Henri, "-took his life, stole it right from his calloused fingers. And all that's left of Seraphim Falls?splinter and blood. In with her came the storms of God to DESTROY the very?
"Actually, let us wait on this one. We shall get to her in due time?
"This boy here?his mother was a HARLOT, and she was a BLASPHEMER!" Unlike the word harlot, it was blasphemer that elicited shocked responses and angry grumbling from the crowd. The embers were stoking, and they were getting worked up. Pastor Briarwood spoke their melodies as someone might stroke ivories or strum chords. "Jon Beckett was a good man often denied by this woman, this BLACKSTAIN." Paused, moment's thought. "He's now passed, and with such tragic urgency?I find no guilt in retelling this - his confessions to me of the woman that bore this-this poor demon?" The last word was spoken with an eerily smooth conviction, as if a limerick, and his voice hit a softened groove while he further spoke of the boy. The harsh words were now concealed, innocuous, and all the more ingratiating for it. "You see, Jon Beckett was a romantic. A lover. Sure, he'd fight. And with a skin full of liquor, he was downright crude. Mean but not a man of mean heart-and who isn't on the occasional night of 'a few too many' at the end of many stressful days?"
There were scattered Amens from the voices of solemn men.
"And he loved this woman-Abigail. This was?long time ago. And Jon Beckett gave this woman the world. Showered her with his love. Went to the mattresses for her, took it hard-knuckle and yet still returned to kiss her, to cherish her. So we forgive trespass." Women shared adoring glances with their men; men held their chins higher, a bit more steady. "His seed he did plant in her and from her loins did birth this boy - Jonathon Beckett the third." To make an aside, he pointed his speech to the right half of the congregation but spoke loud enough for all to hear: "From what his daddy said?Jon Beckett the third was born on a miserably cold, stubborn bastard of a night. But when Jon held baby Jonathon, he said he felt warmth throughout his whole body."
The mood had changed momentarily to fond recollection.
"But this Abigail?" Pastor Briarwood sighed heavily and stepped one bare foot down next to the boy, followed by another, and then he sat beside him, looking down at the child. "She was a whore," he said, matter-of-factly, "and she did stray. Jon, he loved her but it seemed he was not enough. There was another, some thug that had been coming around?"
Jonathon's eyes were open with a 1,000 yard stare into the carpeted floor, his mouth strung with thin white foam from around the lips.
Pastor Briarwood looked across his gathered worshipers.
"Suffice it to say, Jon Beckett didn't take kindly to the wandering of his woman. No, they were not married. And no, they did not live together. Jon's life was that of a herdsman, a wanderer?but was it fair to step out on him while he was out earning his keep, earning that money to raise little Jonathon? The answer is an absolute no - I know it, just as you know it, and Jon knew it. So he corrected her. He did as best he could but there?there is just no chance in saving some, as they do not wish to be saved. Some demons lie in the bone."
And he looked back down at the boy.


IV
Anson Sharpe woke from a dream about snakes.
There had been a bank. Guns. A vault, front wheel spinning as it opened. Flashes of gunfire. And running, breathless and terrified and endless running. Then, after it all, there was a man in grey waiting for him in the distance of a deserted road. The road went on forever behind the greyman; the road back led into grassy fields and unending North Country. Anson stopped to rest. The greyman approached. In the words of a language only spoken by silver tongues, the greyman asked Anson what was in the white sack slung over his shoulder. Though Anson wanted to reply with anything but a truthful answer, the greyman's words cast a strange spell over him and he answered honestly. The greyman asked (again in that wondrous voice, again in that unspoken language) to see the contents of the bag. Without hesitation, Anson held the sack by its mouth and the greyman peered inside. He didn't say anything else. One hand he stuffed into the bag while the other raised up to distract Anson, and then the greyman pulled forth a fistful of crisp bills and threw them to the wind. Anson began desperately grabbing the money and stuffing it back into the sack when he noticed the sack was moving on its own accord. He stuffed another handful of money back in the bag and then felt around. Inside, the money had turned to rattle snakes. And then he woke.
The ground had been so comfy, and the night so warm and calm, that Anson slept without a fire or blanket. He woke confused, as he so often did. The remnants of his dream came out of his mouth in a jumbled moan that sounded like "snokes" when he jarred and sat up. An empty bottle was inches from fingers still conformed to holding it; the stiff joints of his knuckles cracked as he flexed them, rotating his wrist, stretching his arms over his head. A stray sunbeam hit his eyes and filled him with dread - it was nearing mid-day.
Releasing a torrent of curses, he gauged his location and set off for camp.
A half-hour of panicked rummaging through the open forest and Anson could hear something moaning, somewhere. The noise was distinct, familiar - it was the muffled cry of despair. The sound was near but he couldn't place the source so he ran, fearing Henri and the child were in danger. Finally, that which supplied the forest with muffled pleas came into view-Anson stopped (even at 20 paces he worried he was too close) and narrowed his eyes in an attempt to better focus on what he was looking it. Two men had been stripped to their underwear and their clothes had been used to tie them together in a most peculiar position: both men had a shirt with one end wrapped around their neck and the other securing their head face-first into the thigh of the other; socks were stuffed in the mouths; arms were fastened to legs with belts, feet to hands; and in this anamorphous, pseudo-sexual 69 position, the two men were wiggling to free themselves. They seemed to be crawling toward a nearby tree, although one of the men appeared to move in a counterproductive shuffle. The other man was growing exasperated, his face flush red.
Anson came within 10 feet and refused a foot farther.
With their faces flush against another man's thigh, the struggling duo could not see Anson or the amusement on his face as he leaned against a tree and marveled their predicament. Henri was near here, that's certain. And so Anson sought the direction from which they had come. There were drag marks and Anson followed them back to the camp. The small amount of supplies - guitar case, knapsack, blankets - it was still there, if not disheveled and strewn in an untidy mess. The only warning sign came from the guitar case: on closer inspection, the clasps were undone. Someone had opened it. When he opened it, the face of a polished acoustic guitar glistened back. With a pluck of the out-of-tune low E string, he undid the extra notch and lifted the guitar faade. The thin layer of wood serving as a "guitar" lifted up from a hinge in the back. After a quick inventory, Anson was sure the parts were all there.
Okay, so?
I'm an asshole?yeah, we know that?
She didn't want to relocate camp, right? Took the men from camp so she wanted to stay here, right? Because it might risk losing me?
Okay, so?
Then where the hell did she go?


V
After a moment, Pastor Briarwood recoiled from his seat beside the motionless child. There was a flicker of disgust before his eyes turned to the group and he called upon a woman in the second row of benches, "Belinda, would you tend to this child? Reginald, help her. Take him around back, to the choir shack. Get him a change, wipe him up. Fresh clothes. Water, if any's about. I wish him to be clean but I do believe he has soiled himself."
Reginald moved from behind Henri and picked the limp boy up. The thin-framed woman named Belinda approached the pulpit and followed behind Reginald out the gateway doors and into the sunlight. Henri's eyes didn't leave the boy's chest and body until he was completely out of sight. It had been minutes since she had seen any sign of breathing or movement. Though Jonathon William Beckett the third had likely suffocated to death - and evacuated his bowels as he passed on - fussing over the boy before anything was certain would ruin the chance for survival. There was a single, solitary chance to get this right and if it were messed up, death for both of them was all but certain?even if one of them may already be dead. Knowing that, though, didn't stop Henri from crying silently; so silently that if it weren't for the tears streaming down her cheeks and off her chin (tears she refused to wipe), there would have been no way to discern any emotion from her granite expression. Tears cornered and fell from steadfast eyes. Her lips were faintly pursed. She kept her head tucked down slightly, her chaotic hair in jagged patches pointing every which direction. Nothing moved but her pupils, staring from beneath a shield of yellow, straw-like hair.
One chance?
Pastor Briarwood was standing, his attention turned to Henri. As his mouth opened, she stood up in the box. Men drew guns. Women shrank back into their seats and the seats of those accompanying them, horrified.
"I wish to confess!" called Henri, the repentant.
Briarwood stared at her a moment, his steel-blue eyes icy against her skin. It was with this gaze that she decided - without any lingering doubt - that Rigby Briarwood was young, no older than 25. The statement left a thick hush, the congregation frozen in a cross between disgust and intrigue.
And she waited?
"And what is-" began the Pastor.
Henri started again, purposefully interrupting:
"I have many claims to make but there is something I must ask of you."
The Pastor stood, annoyed but interested.
"And what might that be, Miss??" and he waited for her name.
"Five minutes of silence," said Henri Ville, not answering the Pastor but instead speaking directly to the congregation.
"Five? A bit arbitrary," he chuckled. "Why five minu-"
And she cut him off again, still speaking to the congregation.
"Give me five minutes, just five. But it has to be outside-"
"Ahh," scoffed the Pastor, "and there's the-"
"You can bring as many people and as many weapons as you like. Surround me, tie me, whatever. Just give me those five minutes. It has to be in sunlight. Five minutes right outside that door and I'll show you what I am, what I truly am."
Pastor Briarwood's face tightened. There was rage in his cold eyes each time she disrespected him, cut immediately by an inquisitive glance brought on by each of her statements. The parishioners were curious but none made a sound until, after a minute of silence, Pastor Briarwood was ready to again speak:
"We know what you are. You are a demon. You are the end-times?" and there were a few sighs of dismay as the congregation's curiosity became bounded, their interest about to go unrewarded. Pastor Briarwood noted the dissension and changed pace, "however?we will allow you to travel outside, allow this five minutes of silence. On two conditions."
This time, Rigby waited for Henri to speak, which she didn't.
They stared at one another for some time.
"First condition," began the Pastor, pacing the pulpit with his eyes on his bare feet, "is that you confess here, right now, to your crimes in Saintstown?"


VI
There were people - a half-dozen of them occupying a carriage, and two horses, by the sound of it.
Anson Sharpe moved though the last of a brush patch to emerge in a thin clearing, with forest on either side. The Journiers had yet to pass, approaching at a slow pace as they meandered down a grass-covered trail bare two thin lines from the wearing a way of previous carriages. The two men atop the coach pulled the reins and slowed the horses as they passed Anson. Both men wore black, ripped top hats that rose a half-foot above their heads. They were dirty: their clothes, though nice suits, were stained, matted, wearing thin, and torn in areas; their long brown hair was flush against their cheeks, uncombed and dripping with grease; their faces had black and brown flecks of Lord-knows-what; their smiles were black and lacking teeth; and their every surface of skin was yellowed. Two women and a young girl poked their head out the open window of the carriage to question their delay.
"The hangin' done already begun, Phillip," the oldest of the women scolded. She had yellow teeth and a thick coat of make-up similar to a clown. Her eyelids were painted the darkest purple, with thick black lashes rendered above and below. The rest of her face was bleached white by paint, as if the woman had purposely covered the color of her bare skin. The two others, both obviously daughters, looked the cleanest. The youngest, a 7 year old, wore a sundress and had dirt smudges and brown on her white summer gown but her skin, hair, and face looked clean. The last female, a teenager near 16 or 17, hardly glanced at Anson before disappearing back inside.
"Who's this stranger?-Who are you, stranger? You ain't from round here," the 7 year old girl in the sundress shouted out, surprising Anson by her sheer volume and straight-out guff.
"Susan Marcy May, shut yer mouth," the younger man atop the carriage hollered back. He appeared to be a middle son. His pop had the reigns, his attention on the stranger.
The coach stopped beside Anson.
"You goin' to the hangin', mister?" the man asked.
"Uh?what? What hanging?" Anson asked back.
The man lifted the reins to again move forward.
"Ne'mind. Carry on 'boutcher business," responded the man, dismissively.
"Yes-yes, I'm going to the hanging. Sorry," Anson spoke quickly and gave a soft laugh to cover his forgetfulness. "It's a woman bein' hung, right?"
Both men nodded.
"Tsk, yup. 'Course she is." Anson's tone was very calm and matter-of-fact.
"We gon' be late, dear!" the older woman called from inside the carriage, only the face of the 7 year old still poking out.
"Well get on, then," invited the man.
The men made room and Anson climbed up.
The carriage continued on.


VII
Henri rode into Saintstown in the late evening carrying only a guitar case and something that looked like a saddle bag hanging against her left hip; it was slung over her neck and shoulder, a tough-skinned pouch to carry all of her belongings.
She tied her horse up and went looking for Anson Sharpe.
There were two saloons in the town. The first proved fruitless. In-between searching, she gathered supplies from the stores - all of which still appeared open, even at such a late time. Unsurprisingly, the second saloon proved just as unsuccessful, except now she was exhausted. Her riding had been entirely at night for the two weeks prior, all in order to get back to this area and find a drunk that wouldn't be able to help even if he wanted to (which he probably didn't). Though there was little doubt, Henri did hope her late-night roving and the immense fatigue it induced had all been worth it?that it was enough to escape that which had dogged her all this time?
Henri took a room at the inn across from the saloon. There were horses and she could make the next town by daybreak, just in case. Since her stops in this area were going to be in close proximity, and they stood on the border of flatland, with an endless desert beyond that?well, this was the perfect terrain for her to get herself killed. Henri didn't like feeling cornered, as she did pressed up against the desert terrain as she was.
Anson Sharpe, if he hadn't drank himself to death?
Chaim Bialik, if he was back from crusading against all things evil?
The routine before bed had grown monotonous: secure enough clean water to clean herself; open the guitar case, clean and assemble the pieces (the finished product hidden under the bed); then, her bag needed tending and reorganization, the various foods and supplies inventoried, any weakening lining sewn and reinforced; lastly, her S&W needed cleaning but this came as a meditative deed, where her thoughts were allowed to drift and conclude and her focus could sway.
Then she laid in bed and instantly slept.
A thud against the wall woke her some time later. It was dark outside, probably 2 or 3 hours till dawn - she had been sleeping less than an hour, by the looks of it. There was another thud against her wall and the hinges creaked; it was locked but not especially sturdy. There was another thud and-
By the end of it, Henri had shot most of the town's occupants.
There was an adrenaline-fueled lapse in her memory. The third thud set off a staccato chain of events that moved in such fluid motion that Henri only had time to react. Afterward, alone in the forest at dawn, she had tried to discern what happened and how.
A man had been beating a woman in the hallway?it was like a dream, vague wisps as the memory melted into another melted into another melted into another. Once there was a third rattle, Henri opened the door, gun drawn. There stood a man to greet her. It was the man she noticed first, the unconscious woman and blood on the floor second. The man stared down at Henri, taller by over a foot. His beard was wet, the skin of his face and bare chest and arms drenched in a drunk sweat. The rank vinegar scent of his body odor caused her a moment's pause.
"Keep it down," scolded Henri, still dazed from the abrupt wake-up.
A fiery resentment filled the stranger's eyes.
"Whatch you say, whore!"
Men?
"I said, 'Keep it down,'" repeated Henri.
The man, now whipped into a fury, stepped on the unconscious woman, lunging for Henri. She fired twice from her hip, aiming successfully at his beard, and the man's leap met such resistance that he stopped midair and landed beside the woman, their blood pooling together. Henri returned to her room. She didn't close the door but instead removed the rifle from under the bed. Pocketing two extra clips into her bag, she slipped it over her shoulder and closed the guitar case.
A sensation on the back of her leg startled her.
Gun drawn, she turned to find nothing behind her except a blood trail leading from the hallway, into her room, all the way to her feet-and then she saw the woman, lying flat against the floor beside her feet, having crawled the whole way. The best this woman could do was left a quivering, blood-soaked hand.
Henri groaned.
She struggled to lift the injured woman onto the bed. Her face was mashed, one eye half-swollen while the other was shut completely. Henri felt queasy at the sight of the woman's hanging, dislocated jaw. (Repulsion was something she hadn't felt in some time.) Flat on her back, the woman lifted her left arm and Henri mistook the gesture as a thank you; instead, the woman viciously scratched Henri near the throat.
At this, Henri pulled back cursing.
Can't anyone be appreciative when I save their life? thought Henri as the woman passed out.
Henri had what she needed, the rifle belt wrapped around her forearm, one hand clenched tight in the thin space between the butt and slide.
Out of the bedroom, down the stairs, rushing to the front door?


VIII
And Henri relayed the story as best she could remember:
"The man came at me for interrupting his beating. Men in these parts don't like it when women have a voice let alone an opinion or command. Had he not come at me, I would have let it be. Even though the woman?" Henri sighed, "?the woman was nearly dead." Then, to herself, "Just like the boy Jonathon." Then loud again, "Not that there seems a way around it, either. Try an' help and it ruins everything. Save a boy that doesn't want to be saved, a woman that doesn't want to be saved. Rather be twisted in a tornado or beaten to death than lose the worst thing in their life?
"In Saintstown, the sheriff and deputies met me outside the inn and?I almost went peacefully, too? I really did? but then it came down to it and I did what I had to to survive, same as anyone with an ounce of brains. Lost my favorite rifle, my horse?my supplies, most everything. But I made it out.
"And-it's this world, this place here and now. You people. Farther south is the same if not worse-hell, anywhere besides the Yankee coast." The word hell makes some of the worshipers gasp. "Times will change, believe me. You people beat your women - and then you have the gall to say how much you love them? You drink until you do something stupid-and everyone has a gun. More of you are armed than can read. You folk don't think that's dangerous? And the men protecting you are no better than the people they're protecting you from."
"This is off topic," Pastor Briarwood interjected, a fair statement from a man that didn't seem to know what else to say.
He looked amused, though.
"Look, I've killed people. Fine, I'm a sinner. I confess. In Saintstown, I shot my way out. All the dead in that town is dead 'cause of me."
"Alright, demon. That's all I wanted to hear. Let's go, c'mon. Outside, enjoy the sunlight. You can have your five minutes of silence on the condition that you do it from atop the gallows, rope around your neck?"
The Pastor had a long-barreled revolver pointed at Henri.
The time nears.
Henri turned and waited while Pastor Briarwood opened the latch to the boxed area. As she walked the aisle on her way outside - the Pastor kept his gun in her back, marching her forward - Henri continued talking, her voice distinct over the shuffling and movement of the congregation as they stood to follow behind:
"Do you even have a court in this town? I'd ask if anyone's read the Constitution or Bill of Rights but it'd be a waste of breath. All men are created equal. Or even the sixth amendment - the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed..."
Henri was talking to herself. No one listened; even if they had, none of them would have had any idea what she was talking about.
They made it out into the blinding sunlight and Henri's head instantly fell back to let the warmth of the sun wash over her face. Even as this was just as much a death sentence as the approaching gallows, it was absolutely worth it?
I miss you, dear friend, she wanted to tell the sun. I plan the day-travels but it's dangerous, the peril too great against the innocent. But the warmth and the light and the way I soak you in? Stay with me during this, what could very well be my last minutes? If they are to be my last, I need you to wash me in light, to gather me up and join me to you. Too long I've been in the vacuum of darkness.
Those that had been peering in from the open gateway doors now lined the front of the gallows. They seemed to be the lower class of the town, dirtier and more crude. The Pastor probably forbid them from entering his church on account of their poor hygiene. This crowd was more vibrant, more lively - they may have only heard faint bits of the sermon and Henri's confession but they were excited nonetheless, most of them (including an adorable 7 year old girl in a white sundress) screaming "WHORE!" and "DEMONSPAWN!" as Henri approached.
A rotten tomato hit her chest and exploded, as did the head of an old cabbage. Her face was still upward, her mind divided between the sun and the thin metal rod in her hand, one she had safely procured during her ride in the prisoner carriage. It had been up her sleeve the whole time, patiently waiting for the moment when no one would look at her hands. The end of the metal rod was already jammed into the front of the shackle's lock; the tip bent enough to hit the pin. Henri could feel a certain resistance and knew that one good push forward would unlock the binds around her wrists.
Before they reached the gallows, Pastor Briarwood stopped her.
"Where's Belinda and Reginald?" he asked the people nearest him.
No one responded with an answer.
"Someone go check please?" he sighed, pushing Henri forward once more, adding with annoyance, "I would like the executioner to be here to do the execution."
And he pushed her forward until they reached the gallows.


IX
They pulled out of the forest and out into the open land of Warminster Farm. The dark brown soil was tilled on the right, the left full of little sprouts. There were two large barns in the distance, and in the far left, past the field and tiny sprouts, there was an octagonal structure, something between a barn and a wooden silo. The road on which they rode had turned from grass to solid, well-trodden dirt along the two fields and up to a fork. At the fork, the man yanked and the horses turned, heading toward the silo/barn in the far off.
"'Ees been havin' hangin's here since some years back. Even as a young'un he was always tryin' to condemn folks. Kid's been seein' demons since 'is blessin', which I guess was at birth. His motha' was a whore done got rich on family oil but he uhlways swore 'is daddy was God?"
Anson had been listening intently while the pop spoke and the young man between them eagerly agreed with a "Yup yup." Several times he had asked to speed up, each met with a quick, indifferent, "Can't. Horses'er tired. What's in yer case there, a guitar?" Anson was then quick to change the subject from his guitar case and back on their destination.
"And the young'un's been buildin' up the farm since he was knee high, seems like. Built it up somethin' severe these past few yeahs. But he sees 'em, God help that boy-grown-into-a-man. He been seein' demons-can't imagine what that be like. Seein' 'em wherever they hid all his life, God taskin' you with sendin' 'em out. Brave, he is - sure as rain and shine that man is braver 'an me."
Anson agreed, then caught himself and had to ask, "?wait, so he actually sees the demons?"
"Yeah. He describes 'em to us. Sometimes?" the man got a bit quiet, as if excited and nervous simultaneously, "?sometimes he has to lay his hand upon their skin and he sees their home - he sees into the many pits of Hell and he gives us words like a poet. Them Godsents, they'er true miracles to behold."
"Best parts of his sermons are the descriptions of the demons," added the middle son from beside Anson, his face flat and serious. "He makes 'em sound like mountains, like-like-like monsters brought to suffer the masses but they got stuft and binded into a human body."
"Sounds like?quite a guy. What's his name?"
"Pastor Briarwood-look, we ain't too late." He called back loud, "Hey, hon. Cloris, Drewbell, Marcy May, look. They done started the sermon, though. Don't forget to grab the cabbage and the basket of rotten tomatoes."
The women popped their heads in every direction, only the mother showing anticipation as her hungry eyes looked toward the gallows. The youngest, Susan Marcy May, looked up into the sky at the gathering turkey hawks, only gazing forward with middling interest. The teenager, Drewbell, poked out her head to scan the large crowd gathered outside the wide-open gates. The sunlight was too bright to see inside but Anson wasn't much focused on the goings-on inside the "church" - first the appearance of a boy caught his attention, then a lurch turned in his stomach with the realization that it was a seemingly unconscious Jonathon William Beckett the third being carried out of the church by an oafish, ungainly man in a chinless, brown executioner's mask.
 "Wonder what that's about?" the pop asked, pulling the carriage to the outer rim of the open area outside the open church silo - it looked almost like a town square, the hub of a busy settlement.
Parking the carriage took several minutes, and everyone waited patiently.
Near the dilapidated gallows was a low-standing building made of clay mud and straw, maybe twenty-by-twenty-five feet, with a door to the far left and an elongated window and wood counter lining the front. (Adobe, the material of which the enclosure was built, did not come locally - it was a material used much farther south and impressed the locals, adding a strange affluence to the setting.) There could have been stores instead of fields, sidewalks and people and law instead of open country; instead, the land had an odd desolation, like life was important here and only here and everything else nearby didn't matter. The farmland heading out into the distance was nothingness, the two actual barns (and presumably a house) that Anson had seen in the distance were practically invisible. The only other building was hidden in the shadow in back of the church: it was a large wooden shack, and it was where the executioner was taking the boy, a thin woman following behind.
The women poured out from inside the carriage, only the teenager languishing. The mother and youngest were already out and shuffling quickly to the gathering at the threshold of the church, the middle son close behind, and the father sauntering in the back, lugging the basket of rotten vegetables (that the women still forgot) as he hobbled from a bad knee.
As Anson - guitar case and knapsack in tow - separated from the family and disappeared around the back of the church, heading toward Jonathon William Beckett the third, the gathering crowd backed away from the front doorways, split apart, and Henri emerged through the gateway on her walk toward the gallows.


X
With all the grandeur of the church, Henri expected more of the gallows.
The wood structure holding up the platform was sturdy but peeling with rot and in dire need of a fresh coat of paint. There were stairs that led up from the side (the remains of a railing were on the ground, decayed to nothing). Henri took each step carefully, one-by-one-by-one, and over the step that was missing. At the top of the platform, the gallows themselves were tilted from stress after years of hangings and inclement weather; three metal hoops hung below the beam with two dirty, blood-stained ropes slung through, the nooses and excess rope coiled on the ground. 
"SILENCE!" Pastor Briarwood yelled from the stairs as he climbed up one-by-one-by-one (skipping the missing step with an agile leap) to join Henri on the platform. This had been a last second decision as it was apparent he hadn't wanted to join her atop the gallows; however, without an executioner present, the stage proved too enticing for him to ignore.
The Pastor cautiously lifted the long, limp rope, careful to avoid the specks of blood and small hunks of rotted flesh still clinging to the coarse threads of the noose. With amateur hands, he loosened the knot to better slip it around Henri's head. The rope loosely hung over Henri's chest until the Pastor tightened it snuggly against her throat.
Not once did his eyes wander to the shackles on her wrists.
With his back to the crowd, he angrily declared, "I am unfinished!"
The crowd fell silent as he turned to stand in front of Henri.
"Would you like to know of this demon?" he inquired, the anger gone. Pastor Briarwood's voice had, once again, changed tones - this time it was informative, as if he were about to tell a bedtime story to a group of wide-eyed children. The question was to engage, to stoke their excitement, and it worked marvelously. Though the crowd remained silent - doing their best not to offend the speaker - they eagerly shook and excitedly whispered to one another. Their eagerness was again too much and he signaled for them to quiet further, which they did. Such a stillness and silence did follow that Pastor Briarwood could speak at a normal level and still be heard by everyone.
There was a pause between the question and the sermon?
The gallows faced the people and the church and, from behind the church, the executioner poked his head around the side to signal the Pastor. The motion was one of choking, with the executioner miming strangulation using his hands; also, as the mask was chinless, it was easy to see his extended tongue. There was an immense distance between the signaling executioner and the gallows, and Reginald was only partially visible, but the signal was obvious:
The boy was dead.
Henri cried out-then hushed herself. The tears had stopped in the church but they returned. The Pastor made a motion for the executioner to stay put. Shortly after, the thin woman materialized and joined the group. Someone carrying the boy's limp body came around from behind the church, the executioner close behind, and they disappeared amongst the carriages and tethered horses.
You will be mourned, Henri silently grieved, Jonathon William Beckett the third.
And as he opened his mouth to begin the final portion of his sermon, Pastor Rigby Briarwood shot one last smirk at Henri Ville. So that only she could hear, he scoffed, "One less bastard demon."
And you will be avenged.
So help me God, you will be avenged.


XI
"This is no woman," began the Pastor. "Before you stands a cavern. There is no soul. Bandied between flesh and earth-even on this sacred ground-is not a spirit of warmth and civility. No, before us stands the gunslinger known as?" he turned to her as if double-checking himself, making sure he's correct, though his expression was condescending, rhetorical, "?Henri Ville. Right? Am I correct? Henri Ville," then back to the crowd, booming louder than ever, "the notorious gunslinger from the east! Robbed four of the banks in Philadelphia and-"
"Eight," Henri spit, correcting him with tears on her lips.
She was snarling.
"Excuse me," he gave a mock, ridiculing pardon, "EIGHT establishments. Any you'all got family around them parts?" No one answered. "Consider yourselves lucky 'cause that money comes from the people. She's stealing money from the pockets of families that just want food, good people feeding children and paying room and board.
"Surest sign of a demon is the desire to inflect as much pain as they can, taking and taking and taking - it ain't always death, as it takes everything then and there. No, demons don't like the fish-demons want the ROD to grab up all your fish and all the other fish so it leaves your RIVERS and your LAKES empty! Nothing."
Henri's head tilted back to the sun once more. She was going to enjoy these, what were sure to be her last minutes spent calmly standing in open sunlight. Though her demise felt less and less likely with every passing minute, that familiar shiver ran down Henri's back? it was the chill of death approaching.
"Don't get me wrong, this demon isn't above murdering - she's just confessed to murdering most of the people in Saintstown. And Seraphim Falls - the town split apart without reason. There's nothing but rubbage strewn for miles, as if God himself were reaching down to pluck her up. This God-damned angel is black as the deepest hole and inside are maggots and vomit and hellfire waiting to rot the flesh of poor, unlucky souls-"
There were two sounds?
A gunshot, presumably from the gun of an over-eager member of the crowd.
And the sound of the shackles hitting the wood floor.
When the Pastor turned, Henri was glaring back. She had already removed the noose from around her neck. The crowd was tense, crying and shouting out warnings (though none were running the rickety stairs to save the savior). Terror filled Pastor Briarwood's face and before he could react, Henri raised the thin and narrow and sharp shard of metal she used to pick the lock and she stabbed it deep into Rigby's shoulder. He howled a high-pitched scream of agony but Henri hadn't finished. She pulled out the tiny metal dagger and slashed at his face in one motion too quick to block, the tip slicing the right side of his face all the way from his chin, over his eye, and up through the middle of his eyebrow. The gash split open to show the sub-dermal layers of his cheek, so quick and deep that the blood didn't start for an extra couple seconds. There was a laceration on the retina where scraped his left eye and it was the first to bleed, the blood swelling like tears. With a forceful shove, the Pastor screamed bloody murder and jumped from the platform of the gallows, landing on his constituents before jumped back to his feet and running full sprint into the distance.
The congregation was silent, bewildered. They looked to one another for a sign, some sort of plan, but none of them moved any part other than their eyes. And Henri Ville glared down at them all and bellowed:
"I AM NO DEMON!"
There was a gathering wind, one ominously cycling in the fields behind her and the gallows.
"I am the Angel of MERCY and you have all forsaken me! All of you!" Hatred filled her voice. "Bring me my guns! NOW!" And someone in the back ran off. "You have shown me that you are not worthy of my LOVE and KINDESS. And so I release a storm like that which destroyed Seraphim Falls, and it will swallow this church for its BLASPHEMY!"
The sky grew darker as she spoke, her loud voice and harsh words carrying over the mounting rush of the winds.
"John 13 verse 34 - A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another. John 8 verse 7 - Let the one among you who is without sin be the first to cast a stone. Matthew 7 verse 12 -Do unto others as you would have them do unto you."
No one spoke, even as the storm across the fields grew exponentially worse with each passing second. The winds were climbing, the sky near black.
Henri walked down the stairs of the gallows and into the crowd, which backed away from her in a circle. As she moved, so did the crowd, keeping her in the center. Her belt and holsters were still on and, as the man returned with her guns (ducking into the circle only long enough to hand her the guns before quickly jumping back as if it burned), Henri slid her shining guns into their rightful place. The crowd and winds and panic caused a blanket over the sound she so dearly loved, gun metal sliding along leather.
And the storm twisted, taking the form of an inverted mountain of dirt and wind.
"Now run, you IDIOTS!" she yelled.
Finally, the people scattered.


XII
The shack was small and poorly maintained. Anson could see inside it through massive gaps in the wood. It rested in the shadow of the church and, through the cracks, he could make out a thin woman with a long, slender nose and prominent cheek bones. She was struggling to hold up a naked child. The executioner stayed just outside, watching through the open door as the woman kept the child sitting up, even as the young boy continued to slump. She was trying to clothe the lower half of the child, dirty pants and underwear on the floor.
The boy was responsive but barely.
As Anson approached, the executioner turned and set his hand over his gun.
"Who'er you?" the executioner asked with a slow drawl.
Within a single look, Anson sized the man up and lied:
"Whoa there, big man. I was sent to help. I'm a doctor."
The big man relaxed.
Anson moved in front of the executioner and remained just outside the shack, as it was too small for the boy, the woman, and himself. There were several white-with-gold-trim children's choir outfits strung up on the wall, and a small workbench on top of which sat Jonathon. His eyes were open, a faint glint of recognition as Anson neared.
"Let me see him," Anson said quickly.
"What in God's name are you doing?" the woman asked, her thin features twisted in horror by Anson's bare chest as he removed his shirt and cornered the boy. The woman released hold and jumped from the shack, her jaw agape, as Anson caught and lifted the boy under his armpits. He half-sat on the workbench, pulling the child over him - together, the skin of his chest on the bare skin of Jonathon's back, they breathed, shallow at first like uncontrollable sobs but loosening, deepening, slowing, and Anson whispered softly the only tune that came to mind:

I'mmmmmm a
Liiiiittle
Nervousssss
'Bout what you'll think
When yoooou
Seeeeee me
In myyyyyyy
Swimming trunks
And laaaast night
New Yooooork
I got
Raging drunk
Remembeeeeer
One time
I gooooot
Raging drunk with you

The boy's body was limp.
Anson felt for a pulse.
 "This boy?" Anson said, somberly, "?has passed on."
Neither the executioner nor the woman moved, both awestruck.
"He's passed on. Go tell the priest. Now," Anson demanded.
The executioner's eyes snapped back from a hazy, fascinated stare. He turned and was off. Anson lifted the boy up and found the thin woman scrutinizing his every movement. As he began to carry the boy from the shack, the woman held up a hand in protest and attempted to say something but, ultimately, decided against speaking.
"Ma'am, could you please go get Joshua? Tell him to meet me by the horses."
Anson's voice was calm, sincere. He gave her an earnest look.
"I don't know who Joshua-" she started.
"Just go get him! He's out there. Hurry!" Anson's reprimand was so strict and loud that the thin woman startled, then scurried off to find the fictional Joshua without any further questioning.
And just as Anson was set to leave with the boy's body, the executioner returned. "Come on," Anson said, sounding as if he had expected him and that this was the most obvious solution. "Let's get the body to my carriage before anyone sees a dead child. I'll take him where he needs to go."
The executioner didn't have time to react as Anson had dressed the boy in choir clothes and now had him across his arms. (He would have to come back for his guitar case and knapsack.) Together, they hurried over to the horses. There was a crowd at the gallows. Anson's primary goal was to get the child to safety before the hell-storm arrived?then he would save Henri. They reached the carriage on which Anson had first arrived and Anson turned back to search the gallows. There, plain as day, was Henri Ville with a noose around her neck and no bandana across her face. The Pastor was in front of her, orating. The crowd had their heads tilted up like baby birds waiting for dinner.
When he turned back, the executioner opened the carriage door.
The teenage girl known as Drewbell was inside, her body intertwined in a heated embrace with a man. The two parted abruptly as the door opened. Drewbell crossed her legs and jerked her dress to cover the bare skin of her thighs. The man (who was much older) twirled his body around expecting the fists of an angry parent. They were still dressed, merely at the stage of frantic groping and dishevelment. Anson assumed they hadn't gotten very far before the interruption.
 "Who-what are you doing?" Drewbell asked irritably - she wasn't embarrassed in the least, only annoyed.
The man finished straightening himself out. He had fine white hair and a great big, white mustache. His clothes were a lavish tan, unstained, and there was an air of importance to him. Shuffling, he crossed Drewbell - whose eyes were daggers, not just at Anson but everyone - and the man hopped down, his leather boats kicking up a small cloud of dirt as they landed.
"I will um?and?" said the man before running off.
The child coughed in Anson's arms.
The executioner's eyes dropped as though weighed.
"He's just lettin' out air. Death rattle. Happens. I'm sure you've seen it before. You ever hang a kid here before?" Anson asked quickly, trying to steal the executioner's attention.
"I hanged a few," the executioner nodded.
"Yeah? I thought so?" responded Anson, morose.
The gunshot caught the executioner entirely off-guard.
The gun had been in Anson's hand since the shack (the thin woman held up a hand to protest when he drew it but said nothing) and it remained hidden under the billowy choir pants that Jonathon was now wearing. A quick burst and the hulking executioner took three leaps back and landed on the ground, unmoving.
Drewbell yelped from the shock of the gun blast.
Anson had the gun on her next, still pointed from under the body of the child.
"Be quiet," he warned, shoving the child's body into the carriage.
Drewbell listened.
Anson sighed to himself, double-checking the child to make sure he was moderately comfortable on the floor. Drewbell had her knees and feet up but lowered them into the back corner once Anson finished checking the boy. He was preparing himself to run back, back to the church, back to the crowd and gallows, back to save Henri. There was little time left: the skies were turning black and he felt the familiar chill of death.
"You can run now," Anson told Drewbell.
She looked deep into his eyes, causing him to feel awkward?
Then he was off, back behind the church and grabbing his knapsack and guitar case. An ear-piercing, bloodcurdling scream caused him a moment's pause-the blur of a man rushed past, his face covered with hands drenched and seeping blood.
Guess Henri's doing alright?
Before removing the weapon from its case, Anson circled around to find the mob scattering in every direction except the one toward the oncoming storm twirling past the gallows. For a brief second, he thought he saw Henri mingled with the crowd - specifically, he saw that look of fervent determination she always wore when saving her own life. But then he lost sight of her, lost her in a crowd of people, and the storm was growing in the distance behind the gallows.
Chaos, everywhere chaos?
In that second, Anson decided to continue without her.




THE CATLIGHT INFINITE
I
The Catlight Infinite was hidden in a vast desert. Potential clientele were unable to find the castle-like structure without explicit directions from the one man granted permission to provide it - a quiet, watchful store owner in Brighton.
His name was Pellsley Grant.
During work hours, Pellsley was often subdued. He would silently pace his store stocking shelves and tightening up the many items filling the many rows. His customers would greet him as they entered and he would nod in response, as if saving his words to spend them wisely. There were only two times he became passionate, outspoken: questions about the fine whiskey he manufactured in his "backyard distillery" could elicit a long-winded, knowledgeable response (the liquor was equally as expensive and more sought after than the directions to The Catlight Infinite - though everyone in a 100 mile radius knew of the whiskey and only a bare few knew of them beauties out in the desert); the only other time he spoke up was when he had been paid and gave the directions:
"It's gotta be 'xactly when the sun's half-set in the west. Them beauties don't like no one wanderin' up there during daylight hours so be absolutely sure it's dark as a nigger's hide when you get there." He always referred to the women as them beauties out of a romantic, sorrowing love; in addition, he had a tendency to use the term dark as a nigger's hide out of resentment toward the black doorman, who usurped a better job. "But don' you wait too long an' it gets too dark 'cause yer gonna get yerself lost. Use tha' settin' sun; head directly east maybe fi'teen of them dry, flat miles. Eventu'lly there's gonna be a three-tier wood fence in the middle'a nowhere. Thing's been outstanding the weather for? well, forever. It's gon' be in the middle of nowhere and it's gonna seem to be there for no goddamn reason, holdin' back nothin'. And there ain't nothing in any direction 'cept Brighton the way you come. Follow that fence south 'till the gate. If'n the gate's open, they're acceptin' business. Don't be surprised if it's closed, though - them beauties shut it for days sometimes. I dunno why and they ain't never tell me nothin'. Anyway, go through the gate to nowhere-" and he would laugh hard, as Pellsley Grant always did when describing the absurdity of an impotent fence with an inane gate to nowhere, "-and go straight near a mile. You'll know it's been a mile 'cause there's a great big hole like'a sandtrap'a some sort or anuther. On the south rim of that big ole' hole, there's gonna be a trail that'll lead you right to it."
Then Pellsley Grant gave the rules:
"You can bring three witcha but no more. No tellin' anyone else how to get there. No stayin' past dawn 'less them beauties say so. Money up front. And no mistreatin' them beauties." He chuckled at the thought. "Actu'lly I dare you to mess with 'em. They all pretty scary-well, all of 'em 'cept them French girls. But Marielle'll cut yer man parts off 'fore you can beg to apologize."
The store owner absently gazed off at the young boy and teenage girl accompanying the newest potential client. They had been wandering the aisles but were now stopped at a countertop display of variously-sized hunting knives. When Pellsley turned his gaze back to the gentleman, the quiet, subdued store-owner had returned. There was a subtle glance suggesting that they're too young to go up to them beauties, lest the boy's gonna be a stable hand and the girl's gonna be sold to the house? but Pellsley spoke no words.
Instead, there was a hint of guile as the gentleman client told the store owner:
"You may wanna hold off giving them directions to anyone else for the next while - that gate's gonna be closed for a good deal of time."


II
The land had been forgotten, the ole' Butchers Farm erased off the map decades prior. It had been prosperous a few generations back but the climate shifted, the desert inched north, and an unending draught turned the area to sand damn near overnight. It hadn't rained there in years, so long in fact that many of the younger stable boys hadn't ever seen rainfall - it was a figment, a dream buried in the penny books Cant had brought with him from Massachusetts. He had some fiction, mostly gothic (Bram Stoker's Dracula, the works of Edgar Allen Poe, etc.) but mainly his collection consisted of true life tales from the Wild West. He was the only one able to read and the other stable boys pleaded nightly for him to do so. Hay was delivered weekly and, on those nights, they would band a patch large enough for the half-dozen of them and use it as a makeshift bed at the mouth of the open barn; that way the group could stay alert to the needs of the house while listening slack-jawed to the legends of gunfighters past and present. They called it hay day, the best day of the week. Their favorite stories had been those of Jesse Woodson James, mostly because there were more books about him than any other criminal. (Cant once met someone that had personally seen Jesse James' dead body as it rested on ice; more than rain or snow or mountains or other states or anything else, that short, uneventful story was the most requested of all his stories - the time he met the man who met the dead body of Jesse James.) Robert LeRoy Parker and his Wild Bunch had been growing in popularity until Pellsley Grant gave them a free pamphlet detailing the exploits of female bank robber and gunfighter Henri Ville. Pellsley's intention had been to warn them beauties at The Catlight Infinite, as word had spread that Ville was in the area, but the pamphlet never made it to the adults. When they weren't reading and re-reading it (even Cant found himself regaled), the boys hung it on a support beam near the top of the latter to their loft so they could all see her face on the wanted poster as they climbed up or down.
Shortly before the gentleman client and his brood arrived, Cant gave the group their morning chores.
"Andrew, Lewis - I want you pulling the mattress so we can replace the hay."
Disappointment filled the boys' faces, followed quickly by the group's realization that hay was to be delivered later in the day. A few whispered excitedly and Cant hushed it. Even as he continued, there was the tense buzz of anticipation for story-time.
The back door to the house opened and Marielle stepped out.
"Uhhh?" Cant watched her, distracted. She was approaching. Out of everyone from The Catlight Infinite, Marielle was the one least likely to approach the stables.
Two of the boys snickered at Cant's disorientation.
"Walter, Thomas - clean the outhouses."
Their faces dropped but they were still obviously excited for the night.
"The rest of you-" there were only three "-can start preparing for a trip to the parameter. It's been a while since we walked the fence. Vernon, you'll be in charge." At 13, Vernon was the oldest of the three; he was also the widest. "Scatter, get your supplies. Join up with Andrew and Lewis if you have time before Learnin'. I'll have Cheff set you up with an early dinner."
"We're gonna miss tonight?" Nathan Jr. 2 whined, sounding every bit the child he was at 10 years old.
"Shoot, I forgot-"
Nathan Jr. 1 gasped.
(Nathan Jr. 1 and 2 were twin brothers. Their mother died giving birth to the second child, leaving the patriarch to name them. Since they hadn't expected twins, there was only one name picked for a boy - Nathan Jr. - but even naming just one of them proved to be perplexing. They were identical - how could he keep track? To prevent this from becoming a life-long issue, their father severed a chunk of cartilage from the top of the second child's ear. This helped differentiate them as well as mark the son that had killed their mother. They'll both be Nathan Jr., their father finally decided? then, on their second birthday, he abandoned them at The Catlight Infinite.)
"Just get the supplies, we'll talk about it later. Scat! Shoe!"
Vernon and the Nathans ran back into the barn. Cant turned, feigning interest in the three boys as they climbed the ladder to the loft, each pausing near the top to gawk at the wanted poster of the beautiful Henri Ville stuck to the support beam.
Marielle tapped on Cant's shoulder and asked to speak privately.
He nodded; they didn't move from the front of the barn.
"Would you be willing to serve as the new Stable Master? Keep the boys in line, maybe help us teach them some reading? They listen to you and your horrid stories. I-I swear they don't hear a word Rebecca says when she tries. And-I know you already do this stuff, you're already doing it," and she put her hand on his shoulder, her stunning gaze obliterating the rest of the world - he loved her so much it hurt, "but I still wanted to ask you. I want you to have the choice. And I want you to know that I see you. I appreciate you and what you've been doing here the past few years."
Raymond, the previous Stable Master, packed his stuff and left without a word several weeks earlier. At 14 (give or take a year, since he didn't know his birthday), Cant was now presumed to be the oldest of the group. And Marielle was right; it was a job he had already been doing, even before the position needed filling. Part of the reason Raymond went off was because the stable boys never looked up to him, never revered him (at least not as much as he wanted) - it was always Cant they admired, always Cant they asked for help, always Cant.
Cant accepted the position of Stable Master the same way he accepted the respect of the others - "Um, sure? I mean, yeah. I guess." - with a healthy level of confusion and modesty.
Expecting a response but not getting one, Cant found Marielle's attention to the desert. He didn't check the object of her scrutiny, instead using the distraction and proximity to memorize every detail of her face. Fair skin. Freckles on her nose. Her dark, wiry brown hair was tied back in a ponytail. For the first time, Cant noticed that her ears were a size too small for her head. She acted demure but it was a ruse, a sham; she was no more coy than she was a singing barn animal.
He smiled, but the happiness was short-lived.
There was movement in the desert.
Something-someone was approaching.
"Stay here," Marielle ordered, storming off.
Cant's eyesight had never been good. There was a black, wavering blob in the distance, one that could have been anything from a lawman to a cave monster. Squinting, bits were becoming distinguishable - there were three of them. One had long hair. One was much taller than the other two. And there was some sort of animal behind them?


III
The man held both of his empty hands in the air. A young boy and teenage girl followed close behind, ready to use him as a shield if necessary.
"You better be someone important!" Marielle demanded once she was within earshot.
She met them halfway, some fifty feet from the house.
There was a brief exchange of words:
"I would like to rent your?brothel? Right, is that the right word?" the man spoke in a voice both calm and half-drunk. (After giving him a taste, Pellsley Grant successfully talked the man into purchasing a full case of the whiskey; then they began an hours-long conversation about distilling, filling the somber Pellsley Grant with more enthusiasm while the two bored young'uns continued to shoplift through his store.)
"What? I'm only going to say this once - you need to? turn back?" she spoke cautiously as the man bent and disappeared into a bag at his side, leery.
The man withdrew two thick stacks of crisp $10 bills.
"Here," he said, shoving over the money as if it were a nuisance.
Marielle cringed at the stranger's sudden movement but the man didn't notice. When she didn't grab the money from his hand, he pushed it into the crook of her folded arms. Her first instinct was to defend herself. The money fell to the ground in flittering, snowflake-like swinging bills. Again, the man didn't notice; he was fishing deeper into his bag. The teenage girl was next to him, observing each reaction with an inquisitive yet vague expression. The young boy was still hidden behind the man.
"Here it is," the man sighed, relieved.
From the bag, the stranger pulled out a clanking leather pouch and tossed it to Marielle.
She caught it, surprised at how heavy it was.
"I want to rent your? this broth? this place. And everyone in it. Until further notice."
Marielle loosened the string tying the pouch shut and gently tipped a small amount of its contents into her hand.
"Name's Anson," the man introduced himself as an afterthought.
The bag was full of gold.


IV
The gothic edifice of The Catlight Infinite rose from the desert more like a mirage than a brothel.
It had once been called Butcher's Den but Butcher was long since dead of a blade to the thick of his belly - there was a dispute over payment, a few words led to a few heated words until ole' Butcher was lying in the dirt as he bled to death. And though he had been a mean son of a bitch, he left enough evidence to suggest that his women would inherit the land if he were to pass on. That was some years back, when the place was hollow and dying. The outside had been in a state of collapse, the gutters held up with boards. The inside had been musty and stale. Back then there were only a few girls - mainly just Marielle, her thirteen year old daughter, and a few of those French girls they brought in on the prison carriages - but, after Butcher's passing, they tended the house with every hour of day and several by moonlight. Their first investment was the barn, for horses and extra hands; it was also the largest, and the only one they couldn't pay off over time. Onlookers and the people of the nearby town called it foolish to build a horse barn when renovating a brothel, but the onlookers and the people of the nearby town didn't have the grand ideas that Marielle did. While the horse barn was constructed by the local men, the women worked together to clean and re-wood the front of the house. All of the jobs had to be done as one, considering the supplies were often too heavy for any of them to carry alone. They built the awning twice, over the period of a year: their first attempt was nearing completion when it got torn down by a storm; the second, sturdier attempt took several months longer (and the importing of a lot of stone) but finished with an elegant, practiced appearance. And they kept and polished the plaque over the door in memoriam of Butcher, one reading Butcher's Den.
Jagged towers pointed off the third floor of The Catlight Infinite, giving it a castle-like appearance, with each spire an individual space only big enough for a straw-filled mattress and two adults. These overlooks (as the small rooms were nicknamed) were so small that they would have to be crawled into from a third-floor ladder. Each spire had a tiny window and each tiny window had a tiny orange candle beside the glass. The stable boys would often pass the time laying against bales of lightly banded hay, watching the orange flickers vanish one-by-one from the tiny windows and discussing the woman that could possibly be in that overlook, and what that woman could possibly be doing.
Only one overlook had a permanent occupant - Marielle.
Her overlook lifted highest in the air, had the brightest orange glow in its window (the last to go out every night), and a solid, miles-long view down the only path. All directions led deeper into the desert except for the one that led back to Brighton, the nearest town at ten miles. Though she made no mention of her life before The Catlight Infinite, her past would bob the surface as she spoke of the claustrophobic half-room spires. "I can only sleep if I feel safe and I only feel safe wrapped up tight and a weather-eye to the horizon. Anything can come knocking, anytime. Warmth of a man ne'er filt me with that safety. Hell, I'd sleep in one of them shandy wood coffins if it had a view. Funny how you get used to somethin' as a chil' and it never goes away?"
To the men, however, she'd brush it off:
"I just like a tight fit."
(This was something the boys had heard her say many times, always suggestively, and it was something the boys had heard many of the visiting suitors adamantly agree with - though the older and the smarter boys understood there must be some other meaning, one that eluded them.)
Torches surrounded the entrance.
Riders could maneuver past the two stone columns supporting the awning and pull up against the cathedral front doors. Without drawing attention, the stable boys would escort the horses to a barn on the northeast edge of the land. A negro gentlemen in a black suit and white gloves would wait at the lip of the entrance, enthusiastically welcoming newcomers and repeat clients as he opened the doors. (His name was H.S. but no one ever asked.)
This was extravagance.
However, there was a two week period where opening the doors would have found no clients but one, and a cacophony of booze and laughter and women and loud music. The men were scarce besides the young stable-hands, a mere two musicians and the ring-leader of the trouble - a man named Anson Sharpe. From the day he stormed in and on for a full fourteen days exact, Anson was their only client. The women were plenty - a handful of French girls, Marielle, Rebecca, Francis, and three others - and they would fill the front lounge, lazed up on the satin covered benches and drinking, giggling, whispering secrets, all of them having the best time any of them had had in a long time, if ever.
Walking through the door in those two weeks - just before the renovations that were to follow - would have found music at full volume. There were two musicians hired to play around the clock and they were an odd pair. Their music consisted of a twangy guitar and lead vocals courtesy of Dan while Patrick banged on a makeshift drum made of tight bull-leather pulled taut across a metal pan. Their honeyed voices were at once soothing and at times raspy. The odes of which they would sing could lift the feet in dance as much as it could bed the heart.
Passing through the front cathedral doors would have found music and a lavish, brightly lit lounge area covered in gently-toned blankets and soft pillows, the kind that make you sleepy just by a touch of the fabric. Anson Sharpe - his light brown skin and dark features poked from between the shoulders of two women, one on either side - would smile widely while the woman to his right dropped crushed ice into his mouth and the other poured whiskey. Marielle always occupied the end corner of the bar at the opposite side, observing the ruckus quietly? and always with a slight smile.
The bartender, a cook named Cheff, had his duties cut in half during this period. He was relinquished to the back for barbequing meat and preparing inordinate amounts of food for everyone while his bartending duties were handed over to a young man by the name of Jonathon William Beckett the third. Why the nine-year-old boy chose to bartend was anyone's guess but, soon after they arrived, Jonathon asked and no one objected. Cheff was glad to be off his feet and Marielle, in her web at the curve of the end of the bar, was glad to watch him closer.
The past, of which Marielle never spoke, she found embodied in the young Jonathon William Beckett the third. Though in their lives together - two weeks in a brothel, only peripherally involved - the boy and the mother hen shared a mere word, maybe two, though she felt privately a deeper link to the boy. His quivers, first of shyness and then, in comfort, at fleeting whisks of fear, were common to those who had fled the horror of terrible lives. She would watch young Jonathon attempt to spin a pint glass along the curl of his palm only to lose it to gravity. The glass would shatter and Jonathon's eyes would lift, his body quivering in anticipation of a scolding or beating, only to find the accepting gaze of Marielle's eyes. With a nod, she'd let him know it was fine, and he stopped looking for approval after the sixth glass fell. It took him a full week to become good enough to move on to flipping the corked whiskey bottles. (He only broke one of those before everyone told him to stick to bar glasses.) Their eyes met on a few occasions, Marielle and Jonathon, and his shyness would return in their brief words, while she spoke with lips in constant grin.
It's odd, she thought, to have the shreds of a soulmate in someone thirty years younger.
Anson would laugh boisterously and smoke the cigars that had been a gifted to the brothel by visiting Mexicans some time earlier. He'd stare up into the mirrors covering the ceiling, each 3x3 with a square outline of painted gold. He'd playfully flirt and soak in the attention, of which there was plenty. He distributed most of the money he had acquired thus far on his journey. (There was more but it was hidden elsewhere and substantially smaller than what he had brought with him.) His belly was full of delicious food and his hand occupied by a delectable whiskey. Women all around him. This was the way he wanted to leave this world.
After those two weeks, he'd be ready for the fate he knew awaited him?


V
On the second morning of his occupancy of The Catlight Infinite, Anson approached the stable boys:
"You're gonna dig me something like a ditch. All long here?" He pointed past the house. "It's gonna run all up along here, to the left of the barn and down past the house. And it's gotta be deep-you ain't got no more chores now 'cept digging this. Make it 'bout four feet deep and 6 foot wide."
Then, to himself, "Enough to fill up."
"Fill up with what, sir?" asked Cant.
"Water," Anson mumbled, staring into the east a moment. He surveyed the land further, southeast to northeast.
"Water, sir?"
"Rain," Anson said quietly, almost to himself as if Cant didn't exist, but then snapped out of it, turning. "Yeah, water. Rain. It's gon-don't worry. Just dig me this ditch. And I'm also gonna need that region behind the barn, it's gonna be off limits for some time?"

*	*	*

On the fourth day, there arrived many large packages for Anson Sharpe:
Calcium Oxide.
Sodium Nitrate.
Sulfur.
Bitumen.
A caldron.
And several others, in many square wooden crates and thick brown sacks.
From then on, every day for six days, Anson worked the time between his morning hangover and his nighttime drinking. The kids would watch him with a monocle from the top of the barn. Shirtless, hunched over his sweat-covered gut, he would churn and mix. The shirt he'd wrap around his nose and mouth while close to the black-smoke plums emitted from the bubbling caldron would leave in the morning white and return dark as coal. The smell that wafted over the quarter mile, from Anson's cauldron in a patch of nowhere to the top of the barn, had the stench of a battlefield and lingered long after Anson finished, several days later.
The final product was placed in an empty oil drum once used for kerosene.

*	*	*

The next delivery to arrive was a large, coffin-like box.
The delivery men - the very same that had delivered the previous packages - set the rectangular wooden crate outside the front of the house, under the awning. The three delivery men made no announcement, spoke no words, and vanished soon after. They were an odd trio, dressed in black with their heads down. They had long-brimmed hats pulled over their foreheads, only foreign strands of longish, unkempt dark hair curling from underneath.
After an announcement from Anson, the whole of The Catlight Infinite (except Cheff and H.S.) walked outside to find the crate open. Inside were two dozen firearms. There were a few rifles and two Colts but the rest were miniscule pistols with the capacity to hold only two bullets at most.
With the populace of The Catlight Infinite, Anson set the many empty whiskey bottles along a sandy ridge and held target practice daily for the seven days after the package's arrival. He made sure - women and children alike - knew about gun safety, about the right and wrong ways to point it, to hold it, to use it. He enforced a level of professionalism, making clear that weapons weren't toys and the sooner it was realized, the better, as you could wound someone dear. The point wasn't fun, it was protection. You could enjoy pulling the trigger: it was impossible not to love that feeling of a cartridge exploding, ejecting fire from the barrel in a ball of furious lead, the burst of impact. It was freeing. To prove his point, he threw a bottle into the air, fired three shots, and missed.
"Had I been a good shot, that would have felt great," he added.
Surprisingly, most of the girls were relatively trained with a gun, especially Marielle, who admitted to having her own rifle in her bedroom Overlook.
Anson told them all that it would be well worth learning how to defend themselves with a firearm, should the day ever come.
The only people unable to fire a straight bullet were the French girls.

*	*	*

The women and children were armed, and practiced.
The Greek fire was ready, and stored in a kerosene drum.
For the remaining three days, Anson spent his time relaxed. Lounging. Drinking. Womanizing. Never had he smiled so much, for so long, in his life.
As the final day arrived, he took care of the simple few details remaining.
To Cant:
"Late tonight, Pellsley Grant is going to walk up to that front door and, when he does, I want you to tip the oil bin I got at the top end of the trench. It's full of that stuff I made and it's gonna be rainin' like a sunofabitch but I need it to pour straight down that ditch you dug for me. And I want you to do it, Cant. Not the other kids. At the first sign of Pellsley, the kids are to run. I don't want none of them here but you. You. I want you to tip that barrel. I want you to wait a moment, and you're going to hear a gunshot. When you hear that shot, you run, too. You join them other boys. You encounter any folk out there you don't know, you shoot 'em. Hear me? You shoot 'em and you shoot 'em so they don't get up, and you keep on runnin'. Do you hear me?"
"Yes, sir."
"None of you - none of you boys come back until past noon tomorrow, okay? So you pack up some food, you wrap it in something waterproof, and you take it with you. And all of you are gonna need rain gear."
To Jonathon:
"If things get rough, I want you to get to the cellar, okay? The second you hear a gunshot, you run to that cellar and you stay down."
To Drewbell:
"Stop acting so goddamn depressed."
To Marielle:
"Sorry."
"Why?"
"?just, for everything I done and everything I'm about to do, I guess."
"You're forgiven."


VI
That final night, there came signs of rain.
The day had been barren and dry but clouds were migrating west, dark, full nimbus that seemed to pulsate with water. Drewbell had been staring out the window of an overlook, watching the clouds crawl across the blue canvas. (Like Marielle, she felt safe in the overlooks.) There had been an overwhelming need for change inside her. Leaving her family some miles back to ride with a younger boy and an eccentric, often drunk older man had been a fair amount of change; now, she needed more. The clouds closed in and brought an early illusion of nightfall. There were distant flashes of lightning. Drewbell decided that she would soon leave The Catlight Infinite. Not that night, maybe not even that week, but soon. Lethargy had swallowed her once they stopped at the brothel, having traveled quite a long distance to a place at the center of the middle of nowhere. Now, the calm was ending and the strength was gathering and the time was approaching to leave this life once more.
As the overcast shadow of nightfall turned to real nightfall, Drewbell got the urge to leave the overlook, climbed down the third floor latter and into the vast bedroom of the French girls (four beds against the center of each wall, table in the middle, and one wide bureau). She floated down the stairs in a haze and wandered out through a back door, trancelike. The open land between the barn and the house was mostly rock and sand, with patches of dry, yellow weeds. Drewbell sauntered, her arms swinging a bit more than usual. Her pale skin often kept her from emerging during the bright hours, so the dark clouds were welcome. The humidity had been unbearable the past two weeks and she hadn't left the house more than a few minutes. Inside felt cooler.
She passed a long ditch that had been recently dug: the grave-like trench stretched 6 ft. wide by 4 deep and ran a good 50 meters along the northwest edge of the farm, from the barn in back straight out into the nowhere desert.
At the end nearest the front of the barn stood an oil drum.
Drewbell noticed none of this.
It took several steps toward the stretch of desert oblivion before she caught herself in a moment similar to waking during a sleepwalk. Her realization that she had meandered some distance from the house wasn't the only thing to bring her from the wander? Someone else was walking behind her. As she turned to check who it was, a firm grip caught her above the elbow and helped turn her back, not toward the house but the barn.
"This is a very dangerous time to be wanderin'," the voice scolded.
Drewbell saw the determined eyes and square chin of the person guiding her back - a boy near her age, take a year or two, named Cant. She had seen him on several occasions, usually during meals, but when she searched out the windows during daylight hours, she only ever caught the distant trails of him returning to the barn. He and the other boys had dug a deep ditch around one side of the house over the past two weeks, usually shirtless. His skin was a scorched tan from the sun. His eyebrows were furrowed-
Finally, she caught herself again slipping into haziness.
"Dangerous? Cause of the storm?" she asked, pulling her arm quite gruffly from Cant's grasp.
"Ain't'n you know what's comin' this way?" he spat.
"No I 'ain't'," she mocked. "What's comin'?"
Neither had the capacity to ease, to lower their tone below hostile.
They stared at each other, intensely?
"All the more reason. Come on then," he finally broke.
Cant tried to walk in front of her but she followed step-for-step beside him to the gaping mouth of the barn. Inside, the stables were half-full. Marielle had a white horse, and there were two for the stable boys. The horse Anson and them had rode in on was in the back. They had started the journey with two horses, Jonathon switching between Drewbell and Anson, until the second horse succumbed to a mystery illness halfway between Brighton and The Catlight Infinite. After that, all three rode the same horse for the closing miles - Anson in front, Jonathon in the middle, and Drewbell in back.
The stable boys were gathered on a pile of hay, all except two - the twins. One had a large chunk missing from his ear, and both had the same name though Drewbell couldn't recollect what that name was. Once through the doors, she found the twins in the rafters, in the second-story loft, one on either side of the barn and positioned at a window.
"Sit down," Cant commanded.
"Or what?" retorted Drewbell, so angered at his lack of manners that she shoved his shoulder. Cant turned back, not to swipe but to do something much worse, much more threatening? he stared into her eyes at such a depth she felt nearly violated, as if someone had read an especially revealing page from a very secret, very personal journal.
Reluctantly, she sat cross-legged on the hay a few feet from the other boys.
"What'n they doin'?" Cant called up to the rafters.
"They's just waitin' in the brush," called down the twin with the intact ear.
"What 'bout you, Jr. 2?" Cant called up.
The response was delayed.
Then Nathan Jr. 2 emerged from the window he was hanging out of. Drewbell saw that he had a rifle with a scope in his hand, and that that was what he used to observe the terrain.
"I think they's also sittin' in the brush. Either that or they don' run oft for the day. Maybe the clouds scared 'em oft."
"What's out there-?" Drewbell began to ask, low-toned to hide her fear of the impending situation, of which she had had absolutely no knowledge of until that minute.
"Come read us a story, 's still hayday," one of boys pleaded, his tone with a level of fear - the shake in the voice, the dread in the eyes.
Cant turned and, for a moment, it seemed he was going to scold the young boy for proposing such a ridiculous idea; however, in a survey of all the boys' faces (even Nathan Jr. 1 and 2 had poked their heads back inside to see his reaction), there was such prevalent doubt and panic that Cant's eyes diminished from irritation to understanding. "They ain't comin' in till it gets darker, late night," he calmed them, his tone gentle. "Prolly ain't comin' till past midnight, Anson says." He nodded at the group, watching that each one of his men (and Drewbell) nodded in return to acknowledge that they heard, and knew, and understood, and were at ease for the moment. "Ain't no one here goin' to get hurt. I swear to you. But we been tasked, and we see the task through." Drewbell saw him look deep into the eyes of the young boys, measuring their strength, building upon it. "And I ain't see no harm in readin' a story."
The children were exalted.


VII
The rotund Sheriff Wimbledon Brash rode back to his men just before nightfall. Their camp was set up a mile from the whorehouse.
"We're lookin' at near twenty innocents, maybe more, maybe less," he informed the group of a dozen men, riding up. He hopped off his horse for a fresh can of beans finishing over the fire. Whoever had prepared it would have to take the next one as Sheriff Brash grabbed the scalding can with his bare hand and went to fishing out a bent up fork from his saddle bag.
"But she's there?" asked one of the deputies.
(Another deputy watched despairingly at the Sheriff gobbling the can of beans, wincing as the man tilted it against his lips and shoveled the last of the beans down his gullet with scoop after breathless scoop.)
"Yeah," the Sheriff answered, beans falling down his front and mashed across his teeth, syrup dripping into his beard and cheeks. "We seen that Sharpe fella walkin' the parameter, and we was told she's in there. I'm bettin' she is. We gon' ride in after midnight, when they're all plenty liquored and least 'spectin' it. Should cut down on them young'uns gettin' frightened and in the way, too. I known a fair amount'a whores that've put up a good fight. 'Least for a girl. So be careful. You gotta shoot one then you gotta shoot one but let's try not to kill a house fulla whores and chil'runs for one outlaw."


FROM AN ACCOUNT OF HENRY VILLE
Henri Ville has no history before the age of 34. The account to begin her history is that of her 34th birthday, and the only reason it is known is because of the extravagance in which it was celebrated, so unrestrained and with such profligacy that all preceding parties pale in comparison. When Henri Ville arrived on the scene - in Philadelphia - she was accompanied by two men: the first was a Mexican name Anson Sharpe, a handsome, flamboyant, attention-grabbing young man that wouldn't be out of place in those new moving pictures; and the second was a well-built, older Jew known as C.S. Bialik, a gray-haired man with seemingly endless supplies of gold. The party lasted thirty-four straight hours, from her 8:00 p.m. reservation at the Hotel Walton on Broad to 6:00 a.m., nearly two days later, all the way across town. There were elephants and parades of drunken partygoers and championing music. Even President Roosevelt stopped in briefly during the final twelve hours. The alcohol was stocked with enough for a military brigade, they say, and once the party ended, three that had arrived as strangers left the city of Philadelphia more famous and well-acquainted with high society. C.S. Bialik was seen in the western country over the next few months, where he mostly remained, but Henri Ville and her adjunct, Anson Sharpe, vanished from the eye of the nation for but a brief moment?


VIII
Jonathon William Beckett the third was pouring the last from a bottle of whiskey into a 3 ounce liquor glass when a female voice cooed, "''Ow long 'ave you been in zee 'ouse?" Jonathon turned to find an older French woman; her face caked in bright blues and pinks. The sight startled him, as young Jonathon had never seen a woman in such vibrant makeup.
The older woman smiled politely at Jonathon's reaction.
"It cover zee wrinkles," admitted the woman.
The young boy pushed the whiskey glass toward the outstretched hand of another woman, whose eyes were elsewhere as she laughed at the high jinks taking place across the room: Anson had Rebecca stretched along the couch, her arms held by another, while Anson tickled her sides and blew raspberries on her belly. Rebecca had begun to laugh so hard she no longer made a noise, her face bright red in ecstasy and torment.
"Know I was zee one to name zee Catlight Infinite?" the older woman asked Jonathon once his drink had been served.
The only other patron at the bar was Marielle, in her corner, her watchful gaze occasionally lifting from the newspaper Pellsley Grant had delivered earlier in the week. She stared (near mournfully) at the young Jonathon William Beckett the third.
In response to Jonathon's quizzical look, the older French woman went on:
"I did not know zee name for Candle. When I arrived 'ere from zee other country, I did not know a lot of zings. Now I speak much good." She proudly brought her hands out, as if to physically display her control of the English language; Jonathon just stared at her as she spoke. (Marielle cracked the tiniest smile at the exchange, as the boy continued to look a little scared.) "I would zay, 'Put out zee catlight.'" Her voice, in reenacting how she once sounded, was much louder, with more bass, further startling Jonathon. She didn't notice - her wide smile showed that she was obviously pleased with herself at how the story was turning out. "And one of zee other girl-zis was much long ago-zhe used to say, 'Infinite you get zat wrong.' We were not much good at Engliz back then. And Marielle," the older woman turned to look at Marielle at the end of the bar, who looked up just long enough to nod an acknowledgement before pretending to focus back on the paper, "zhe used to teaze, 'Catlight! Catlight Infinite!'" When she said the name, the woman's voice boomed loud enough that all the others in the lounge turned their attention momentarily to the bar, before bursting out with more laughter and returning to whatever they had been doing.
For a moment, the older woman had a look of embarrassment.
"Are you French?" Jonathon asked.
"Zat I am, my dear," she answered, and her smile returned.
"Um, where?" Jonathon tried hard not to sound dumb, "?where is that? French?"
(Marielle gave another tiny smile.)
"Oh well France, it is across zee ocean, young man. Far from here. And I come from a town named Lille-"
There was a dagger of lightning and a strike of thunder from the dark clouds outside the house. The flash entered through the window and its flowing rouge curtains. The room halted except for Anson, who continued laughing. All the others dropped their smiles and looked toward the nearest window or doorway.
"It's just like you said," one of the girls said in a dazed tone.
"You got time, darlings," Anson answered, circling his arms around the nearest girl and pulling her back onto him.
"What's-" Jonathon turn to ask another question, only to find a thin, fragrant vapor where the older French woman had once stood. The sound of thunder had scared her off, her purple-clad rear disappearing up the stairs.
"She doesn't leave her room much," Marielle said from the end of the bar.
Jonathon's eyes stayed with her a moment, then he nodded, drew himself away, and moved on to toss the empty whiskey bottle into a nearby trash pile.


FROM AN ACCOUNT OF HENRY VILLE
Henri Ville and Anson Sharpe robbed their first bank on a brisk November morning. The weather had dropped early for the season and snow had fallen the week previous and a thin layer remained on the walkways of Philadelphia. Both arrived on S. 6th and Chestnut, without escort, where they entered the Bank of North America and exited fourteen minutes later.
While inside the bank, no gun was drawn, no bullet fired.
The two were exceptionally calm and polite.
As the teller states:
"She was very pretty. First thin' I noticed was that she was pretty. And the fella she was with, he was handsome. When they walked in, we all noticed. They just? they seemed important somehow. They walked in through them doors and the wind blew papers off Bill's desk and some of us turned and saw 'em walk in. They walked up to me an' I's nervous 'cause she did the talking and she was so pretty and calm and her eyes were really serious. She tells me, 'We gonna withdraw the Brante estate account' and I says, 'Sure, so long as you got proper identification,' and they did, the gentleman had all the paperwork. He was a darb but kind of stiff, standin' behind her in a long coat."
The two of them had fabricated the paperwork to an impeccable degree.
How they did so is still under questioning.
The teller sent the pair to an accounts manager, who retrieved the vast wealth of the account (estimated to be upwards of $23,000), which Anson then stuffed into a bulky knapsack (one rumored to be adorned with a green $ sign). It was at this point, during the transfer of such an extraordinary sum of money, that the bank manager become involved and quickly noted that neither the gentleman nor his lovely compatriot were beneficiaries of the Brante Estate, and thusly invoked the local police.
With the money in tow, the gentleman Anson Sharpe and the peacherino Henri Ville exited the bank near the same moment that two police flivvers arrived, and a brief firefight ensued greater than any gun opera previous. The gentleman Anson Sharpe had, under his long coat, a weapon never previously witnessed in the nation's former capitol, and dare I dictate, the world. Bullets were rapid and echoing for blocks, each sparking upon impact in a release of brilliant, glittering embers. The police later reported that, though no one had been hurt, both flivvers' engine blocks had been destroyed, preventing further chase.


IX
"I'm wakin' up to ash and dust," growled Curtis Anglin from beneath the curled brim of his crisp brown Mossimo hat.
The fire had grown since he dozed, the ash sifting into the air and blowing across his pants, vest, and horse-felt blazer. The gray bits clinging to the black looked like tiny gravestones. If there was one thing Anglin didn't like, it was ash or dirt smudging up his expensive clothes. He stood and removed his hat, letting the gang admire his smooth blonde hair and chiseled good looks. He was a peculiar sort for a hunter, an outlaw. Swinging the hat at a slight distance, he gently fanned himself clean. He bent down and lifted the blanket on which he had been sleeping, flapping it heavily into the air to blow off the grime.
Someone had remained behind him:
"There's a storm comin', boss," spoke the meager Jasper Dupart, careful to bare the bad news. "We gon' need to move into the cave."
Jasper had been at Curtis' side for near-on four years, longer than anyone else in the Anglin Gang. There had once been several dozen compadres but they had tried to rob a train and a majority were overtaken by the train's occupants. After that, to raise their numbers, they recruited a dozen more (one was killed during an argument right off, leaving their number currently at 23). Their next few bank robberies worked out better - especially when Anglin decided he didn't want to rob trains anymore - and they were now a year solid as a gang.
This most recent trip started when Anglin himself crossed paths with the law at a saloon. He had been sitting quietly in the back when a group - led by the burly Wimbledon Brash and two federal marshals - stomped their boisterous way into the bar, proud at uncovering information that would lead to the infamous Henri Ville. A reliable tip placed her in a whorehouse a good deal of miles south.
She had a $5,000 bounty on her head, dead or alive.
"What'n you mean, move to the cave?" Anglin asked, sharply.
Several of the men bustled off.
"These're darkenin' clouds. They gonna bust in rain-"
"You 'fraid to get wet?" sneered Anglin, chuckling sloppily. He knew there was fear in the air. Informing him that there would be a sudden risk of drenching his calf-skin boots from San Francisco, or his green belt of unidentified material (imported from either Europe or Asia, no one was sure, including Anglin himself), often led to a loud, berating diatribe.
Some of the men forced a hearty laugh at Jasper's expense.
"Well then," Anglin ended his chuckle abruptly, "let's move it on to the cave."
No one moved.
"Now! Move!" Anglin shouted, growing concerned. "Tryin' to get this here dear-skin vest ruined?"
And the men started-


X
Anson liked to piss outside. He didn't trust outhouses, of which there were two at the end of a short, thin trail formed by the many feet having traveled from the back of the house to the commode. He stumbled a bit around the side, catching himself in a thicket of weeds. The sky was the darkest shade of black, the clouds murky and foreboding with satin-like ripples of white from a moon near full just beyond. He sauntered up to a particularly empty patch on the side of the house, unzipped, and prepared to relieve himself.
"What'n you doing, mister?" called out a voice.
Anson jumped clear out of his skin.
"What-who?" and he squinted in the darkness toward the voice. "H.S.?"
"Yes, sir," answered the black doorman, solemn.
All Anson could make out in the darkness was the white gloves.
"You near scared the piss out of me. I mean, literally. I near pissed all over myself."
"Sorry, sir," answered the voice.
"No-no," Anson laughed, regaining his composure, returning to a position that looked as if he were straddling an imaginary horse. "I try not to use outhouses if I can help it, not since once there was a rat'ler curled up waiting to jump in my ass."
"Oh my, sir."
The stream billowed as Anson relieved himself.
"H.S., with this storm comin'," he said as he peed, "maybe it's best you be off. You got somewhere to go? Can you head up on to the town?"
"No, sirs. They ain't like negroes in Brighton."
"Oh."
As Anson finished peeing, a shudder shot through his body.
He zipped.
And the first drops of rain began to fall.
"Well then," said Anson, returning inside. "I suggest you arm yourself. More comin' with this storm than the rain."


FROM AN ACCOUNT OF HENRI VILLE
Henri Ville and her compatriot robbed several more banks over the subsequent weeks after their first gun opera in Philadelphia. It was a particularly chilly winter season and the several cities to which the pair traveled were suffering record snow falls, though this halted their travels and robbery transgressions not-at-all. When everything was said and done, the infamous Henri Ville and the gentleman Anson had thieved six banks in as many weeks, just prior Christmas Eve. Unlike their initial attempt, the ensuing robberies were without deception, quick with of legendary gun that was rumored to spit fire at 1,000 bullets per second, and the duo were vanished before the police even had time to respond, without even the necessity to discharge said weapon. And though each location was distinct in municipality and establishment, one detail remained consistent in every single situation:
Only one specific account from each branch was stolen?
Every dollar taken belonged to The Brant Estate of New York.
Why the pair has targeted the wealthy New York aristocrat Daniel Brant and his Industrial Empire has yet to be answered?
The beauty Henri Ville, along with the gentleman Anson Sharpe, disappeared after that final bank, The First Trust and Savings in Chicago, and the details of each incident were kept moderately mum, though the blazing torrent gun had raised quite the notoriety. It wasn't until the first murder that Henri Ville was identified, at which time she became renowned, became recognized, became both Pariah and Princess of the Underground Gun Sleights. The culprit of the Brant Estate robberies had been a mystery, published in the papers as the Heiress Fireline, the Soul Sister of Jesse James Himself, the Beauty of Bounty, and, until that point, her name, her purpose, and her location after Philadelphia and each subsequent robbery were unfounded, speculative?that is, until an evening one cold February in Kansas when Henri Ville met the Sheriff Anthony-Jim Brash.
Accounts ranged - some say he approached, hassled, intimidated; others say she approached, intimated, insinuated - but the end result was certain: Sheriff Anthony-Jim Brash lie gut-shot and dead in a pool of his own blood, as did several of his deputies, who had tried to intervene. The striking Henri Ville had, as always, been accompanied by the gentleman Anson Sharpe but, as further eye-witness accounts confirm, it appears - whether due to this circumstance is uncertain - that the pair did part ways shortly after this gruesome evening. Composite sketches of the maiden Ville were given to the Marshall's Office and found to be One and the Same as the Brant Estate perpetrator.
Shortly thereafter, it was discovered that this was also the hostess and birthday matron to the largest, grandest party in Philadelphia history some months earlier, thusly revealing the name and identity to the newly infamous murderer and bank robber. And so here grounded the legend, tepid in comparison to the events that were to transpire, but so began the myth of Henri Ville?


XI
Dan and Patrick sat in front of the lush parlor, with Anson at a small table in the corner. The musicians were playing a somber tune, Dan with his fingers picking an old wooden guitar and his partner gently beating a small makeshift drum made from a bedpan with thin buffalo skin stretched over top. Anson was watching the band in-between moments of laughter, his eyes drunkenly shifting from the two women on his right, the band to his left, and the door across the room.
And they sing:

Oh, can it be
The voices calling me
They get lost and out of time
I should've seen it glow
But everybody knows
That a broken heart is blind
That a broken heart is blind

The rain had started as a pitter-patter, a sprinkle, sparks of lightening, cracks of thunder, and then the water fell more violently, the wind drawing the rain in whip-like slashes through the air. It was an angry storm, one livid and ready to strike as if punishing the godforsaken earth.
There were enough candles in the parlor area to edge out the shadows in every corner. Anson kept a hand under the table, presumably touching one leg or another, while his other hand clasped a miniscule bar glass with a touch of whiskey at the bottom. His eyes would follow an invisible line from the music, to the women, to the door?where they would linger a moment before he'd exhale a sigh and his half-open gaze would follow the same line once more.
Jonathon William Beckett the third was behind the bar cleaning up a few shards of broken glass with a spread out newspaper and the tip of someone's long-lost shoe. He had been laughing hard while a woman threatened to tickle him, and it had been a night when he had attempted his first (few) sips of whiskey. The woman, one of the polite French girls, had reached over to jab his armpits. His flinch knocked over a near-empty bottle of whiskey. He filled the newspaper with the remaining broken shards and left to walk into the back. The French tickler followed behind him, heading toward the cellar to pick up another bottle of whiskey to replace the one she inadvertently knocked over. It was the only task Jonathon was unable to accomplish, as the cellar was dark and scary, a creaky ladder leading down to a dirt floor and dusty, dilapidated wooden shelves; it was a creepy little den, weary and forlorn and misty like a mausoleum.

*	*	*

"I think I just seen something?" called out the man beside Sheriff Wimbledon Brash. Even close, it was hard to make out the words through the clash of the storm, and Brash wasn't even quite sure who it was that spoke to him through the black darkness and thickening rain.
"What was it?" he hollered back.
"It was?black. I think I saw?it was quick. I think. I seen it go 'round back maybe. Come from the west."
The man calling could be identified as Marshall T. Pickford Service, a reliable source with an apparent eagle-eye. The storm was heavy. The men were lined against the ground some 200 yards out from the house and barn, all against the ground and watching through binoculars, but the details were fuzzy at best and mostly incomprehensible.

*	*	*

"Ain't'n we gon' leave the cave? They gon' get'er before us."
Curtis Anglin didn't want to get his clothes wet. They were much too expensive for that. Also, he had just had a hair treatment, in anticipation of a congratulatory photo after catching the she-devil Henri Ville and collecting her bounty.
He looked over Jasper.
"?Gimme some of yer gear."
"My gear?-"
Jasper didn't understand, as he was much shorter and wider.
"God! Damnit! Jasper. Just gimme some'a them denims."
"An' then what?"
"An' then we go in through the front God! Damned! Door! Now gimme them denims?an' help me with my hair."

*	*	*

"I seen Henri Ville," Drewbell spoke her words careful, precise.
The rain was coming down in walls outside.
Nathan Jr. 1 and 2 had been quiet for some time, their line of sight outside the barn poor due to the storm.
There was stillness by Drewbell's words, which stood in stark contrast to the turbulence outside and the maelstrom beyond the open barn doors.
"What?" Cant finally got out.
Every eye in the barn was on Drewbell.
"I saw them walk her to the gallows. She got caught up near my old town, in Warminster, and they was fixin' to hang her-"
A light lit in the eyes of the boys similar to Cant's retelling of the man that had seen Jesse James' cold dead body on ice.
The adventure in their young eyes was short-lived.
"We got trouble," called down Nathan Jr. 2.

*	*	*

Into the cellar the young French woman stepped. She was heading down to retrieve another bottle of whiskey, after she had accidentally caused the destruction of the bottle previous. A lantern in her hand, one whose glass had been singed black along the top of the curved cylinder, she kept the light at a dim shine and lifted high-
Her toe hit the edge of a rock dug into the earth flooring, one too big to pull up and one over which everyone stumbled. She regained composure, lifted the lantern just over her head once more, and examined the shelves. There were bottles, mostly unlabeled, and they were beginning to dwindle again. Pellsley Grant had helped restock their supply shortly after Anson's arrival, which were all bought and paid for by Anson's generous donations to The Catlight Infinite.
Shelves lined on both sides of the narrow underground compartment on their way toward a short step-ladder leading to the shuttered doors in the back yard - through which they brought in the alcohol, usually. (Sometimes it just went straight to the bar, if the money wasn't available and the stock was short.) She looked over the first shelf, turned to check the shelf opposite, and swung back to check the final shelf on the opposite side-
There was a flash of black and metal glare caught in the lamp light just before the lantern fell from her hand, hit the ground, rolled, and went out. She was screaming as she, too, fell to the ground, but found only a gurgling wheeze escape her lips?.

*	*	*

And Pellsley Grant hollered from the darkness of the rumbling thunderstorm:
"You better open them doors, nigger!"
He stumbled a bit, closing one eye to mend his wild ambling.
H.S. watched him approach with mild caution. This wasn't the first time a belligerent Pellsley Grant had staggered the path to The Catlight Infinite; this time, though, H.S. noted something different in his voice. Through the wind, over the torrent of rain, H.S. could hear an anger that was usually tucked beneath the veneer of disingenuous platitudes; one always hidden in fear of catching scorn from the women should his true repellent nature show through.
And as Pellsley Grant approached, he kept his hands crisscrossed beneath his vest. He had already passed the moat stretched near the front of the house, reaching long across the front and as far back as the barn - it was almost invisible in the darkness of the squall and he initially hadn't noticed it, as it had filled over with water. (He had fallen in, thinking it was ground, nearly drowned, and then crawled back out and did his best to circumvent the deep ditch.) The moat was acting like an irrigation ditch with the overflow gushing south into the nothing lands of the desert.
Pellsley, drenched and more unpleasant than ever, moved under the awning.
H.S. held up his hand.
"No, sir. You know them ladies don't want no trouble."
Pellsley Grant removed the gun he had been holding so close to his side, protected from the rain by his vest.

*	*	*

"Um, Pellsley Grant is in front," Nathan Jr. 1 called down from the rafters.
There was a moment of silence.
"How did he know, Cant?" asked one of the boys.
"I have no?" Cant started, then remembered his tasks-"Grab the gear, get the pack. Nathan Juniors, get down here. Everyone get their gear. Let's go let's go let's go." He ushered all the stable boys to the edge of the storm, just inside the barn. They faced the fierce tempest, fear in each and every one of them. They pulled on thick black shrouds to starve off the water's freeze, and in the night they would appear as no more than tiny shadows.
Drewbell stood watching in the back, confused.
"You go and you meet me where I done showed you, near that cave," called Cant over the hushing winds, specks of water hitting their faces as if from the mouth of an overeager speaker.
Cant looked over the boys one last time, counted to be sure they were all there, and then sent them off with a wave of his hand. Bravely, the young boys hesitantly took two, three, four terrified steps into the rainstorm before breaking into all-out sprints. The water washed over them, bouncing off their black, waterproof shrouds as they ran side-by-side, seven young men becoming shadows in the storm.
Cant turned back toward Drewbell and yelled to be heard:
"There's gonna be a gunshot and I'm to tip that barrel-" he pointed to the drum at the close-end of the ditch.
"And then what?" she yelled back.
There was a gunshot, muffled by the storm but nonetheless distinct, from the direction of the house.
"We run like hell."

*	*	*

H.S. couldn't say much to the barrel of Pellsley Grant's revolver before the trigger was pulled, the hammer released, and the gun?clicked limply.
"I can see from here, sir. You done got yer weapon wet. Rounds is wet."
Pellsley was more furious at H.S. for telling him what was going on than what was actually going on. He lowered the weapon, opened the chamber, squinted. Stumbled back a step. Flicked out the old rounds. Added a new round from his belt, flicked the chamber closed-BANG. The gun fired down into Pellsley Grant's leg, a burst of flame flicking up from his trousers and then dampening out from the rain. The bullet passed shallowly through the outer edge of meat in his thigh and came out the other side, hitting the rain-soaked ground with a hollow thud.
"God damn!" was all he could yell, over and over, as he fell backward onto the ground beside the moat. He lay there a moment while H.S. slowly turned, his face showing no sign of either worry or amusement, and he went into the house to find Marielle.
Pellsley Grant lay bleeding on the dirt ground. His consciousness began to slip - whether from the drink or the wound he was unsure - and the last image he caught before drifting into a heavy, drunken slumber was that of a hooded man rounding the corner of the house.

*	*	*

Cant pushed over the barrel and watched the thick black liquid pour out, mixing with the water, floating on top like oil, flowing in ebbs as it snaked down toward the house.
He returned for Drewbell.
"Come with me," Cant spoke his words in tones both low and caring. Drewbell could hear him fine. His hand was out. She hadn't moved but two or three feet from the hay pile. She moved closer to the doorway and the sheet of rain falling not a foot passed Cant.
She didn't take his hand.
His eyes were intense, focusing.
"No," called Drewbell, shaking her head uncertainly.
"You don't have much choice."
In the distance grew a tiny flame from water. It was climbing, spreading.
Gunfire, round after round after round, erupted from the house. Cant turned his head, his attention off her and toward the dark and the storm and the fire fight. Inside the house came echoing flashes like lightning and thunder; then, Cant turned, his attention returned to her, his eyes refocusing.
"Please," he spoke the words both beseeching and commanding.
There was hesitation.
A moment.
And then she took his hand.


XII
The door opened.
Anson's attention had been on the front from the moment of the first gunshot, when Pellsley Grant and H.S. walked in, politely shut the door behind him, nodded to the gathered attention, and made a line straight for Marielle at her corner of the bar. The band stopped. The women also turned their attention to the door, as the creaking of outside footsteps could be heard. Someone was cautiously approaching the front door, the sound distinguishable even through the storm.
And when the door opened, it was near kicked off its hinges.
In jumped Curtis Anglin, guns drawn, his hair curled into a bun and placed under a darkly-colored bonnet. He was in denims too sizes too small, the pant legs riding up to his calves, sleeves stuck up his forearm. Drenched through, soaked to the bone, he made two steps inside, his teeth chattering from the cold but determined nonetheless.
"Where's that whore goes by the name Henri-" called Anglin, authoritative and loud and ferocious-the women withdrew their firearms, nearly thirty in all, each pulled from a brassiere or garter, each with their sights aimed squarely at Curtis Anglin-"Oh, sh-this isn't the grocer!" he quickly added in pretend confusion, dropping his guns instantly to lift both hands in immediate surrender.
Anson Sharpe hadn't moved.
The women looked to Anson, who held his hand up to signal a wait. He stood, reached over for a nearby lantern, and approached Curtis Anglin with a lazy stroll. He got close, held the lantern up to check Anglin's face. Anson's eyes narrowed, questioning the choice in attire. He reached up, lifted off the bonnet. Stared yet more quizzically at the hair beneath. Sized up the ill-fitting denims. Anglin was too terrified to move, his hands and arms tense and ready to fix his hair the very first chance possible.
Anson moved outside (-Anglin swiped a quick, primping hand through his hair-) and walked to the edge of the front awning, just away from the storm. He could see the men approaching, a dozen or so, in the wavering night blackness. With a mighty heave, he swung the lantern still clutched in his hand hard and smashed it to the ground in front of the moat-A mighty flicker and flare and bright burn grew from out of the water, as if a river were catching fire. The flame rose near five feet off the ground, a fence of fire zig-zagging as it dashed up the hill, back to the barn, as well as out to the water's end, down the moat, out towards the desert. Anson watched the trail slither and extend a fair way past the end of the trench, drifting with the runoff, headed for nowhere. The flame climbed back to the barn and reached the overturn oil drum where the rest of the Greek Fire had been stored-
The explosion literally shook the earth. The left half of the barn exploded out and up through the right side of the roof. The concussive echo blew the rain in a sphere out away from the barn as wood shards and debris landed in all directions, flaming bits in the rain-and then a second explosion, demolishing the remnants, blasted out in a mushroom blaze grasping deep into the dark sky, illuminating everything in a quarter-mile diameter.
Anson watched the explosion, smiling, and could clearly see the approaching group of lawmen closing in on the front of The Catlight Infinite, only a couple dozen feet from the moat and wall of fire?then he casually returned inside, passing Curtis who was now cowering in the doorway after the explosion knocked him back in surprise.
The women stared at Anson, dumbfounded.
"I've?always wanted to blow something up-kids are alright, you got enough money to build another one so?sorry."
Marielle nodded, an angry expression on her face. They made eye contact. He pointed upstairs. She nodded, crossing the crowded room to take every other step until she was out of sight, headed for her rifle and the lookout.
Anson gave a quick gesture for Jonathon to get to the cellar.
Jonathon nodded and did what was expected of him.
The storm was dying down, the rain quieting, slowing.
Anson's eyes darted to the doorway in fear, listening carefully.
He thought he heard faint clicking?
"Get down," he hollered.
The women (and the band, and H.S.) did as they were ordered.
Anglin, however, had just stood up, having recovering from the shell shock of the explosion enough to regain a hint of bravery. The damage to his hair, the guns ready to fire on him, an explosion?his heart was beating fast but as usual, his brain was a step behind. He faced the room, noticed everyone cowering, mistakenly believed it was his doing, that they were finally afraid of him, and prepared to give them an order-
The blasts were numerous, furious, a litany of tiny bursts. The wood splintered and the walls blew out in tiny holes and glass erupted into an infinite fog of shards and smoke and flint-like sparks.
Anson dove back to his table, fishing behind, lifting a chair, moving things out of his way until he reached what he had been searching for?
Anglin found himself spun and pushed and pulled by only a handful of the blizzard of bullets shot in through the front entrance. 
The firing stopped.
A moment.
There was a click from his corner - he was bent over something - and then Anson was up, standing, and in his hands was a long gun, with a wooden frame and dark metal barrel, firing bullet after bullet after bullet. The cartridges were shot out the side, the shell cases plinking against the wall and floor. Shot after shot after shot after shot after shot fired automatically, without reloading or cocking or anything, and it was seemingly capable of firing an infinite amount of bullets. The women were staring, amazed by the power of this weapon, the likes of which they'd never encountered before. Anson altered his aim, spraying the wall from left, through Anglin (who was still somehow standing dazed in the doorway), clear across to the right side.
The women followed suit.
A rifle could be heard firing from the upstairs.
Small rounds pierced the walls, headed out and into the wide unknown.
Then, it was all out chaos.
Rounds were returned from both directions, and some found homes in flesh.
A stray bullet caught Anson just under the rib and it drove him back hard and fast, his feet backing quickly-his right foot caught the leg of a chair, tripping him back, causing him to stumble. He passed through the drapes, straight into the window, through the glass, spinning, caught up in the curtains, until he landed with a thud on his back, on the ground outside, with a resounding oomph. He lay a moment in the wet, saw the rain was ending, saw the wall of fire burning a straight line fence across the perimeter?and, last, he saw the remaining lawmen circumventing the fire and moat, and coming back around to the front of The Catlight Infinite.
Anson drifted in and out of consciousness.
His eyes shut.
He felt hands moving over him, helping him, pulling him.
They were meager hands, soft and careful and unsure.
Yanking, pulling, dragging?

*	*	*

Jonathon William Beckett the third was curled in the storage basement, where it was pitch black. Silent. And it stank of that horrid mildew that reminded him of the sack they had shoved over his face at Warminster Parish.
There had been a hail of gunfire overhead and his breathing had shortened, almost dangerously shallow, but Anson had been working with him in the evenings, teaching him how to calm, to breathe, to not lose time and black out. (There had been numerous occasions when scantily clad women passed by and Jonathon nearly fainted. They had to either find a way to calm him or he wasn't going to be allowed around the women.) The young boy found it easy to regain his breathing if he focused on nothing other than the mental picture of a dandelion and did his best to breathe from the lowest part of his belly.
Once the gunfire ended, Jonathon was better able to concentrate. His breathing slowly returned and he stood up to look through the wooden slats of the ceiling, trying to better gain an idea of what had happened, and what was happening-
A metal clicked in the darkness behind him.
Jonathon gasped and searched the darkness for the source of the sound. He began to think something had fallen through the floorboards and hit the ground?
But then it happened again, a metallic clink.
And, this time, he was certain something rather large was moving.
His breathing shortened almost immediately.
Something was down there with him.
-and then came a third tap, this one more similar to a tap. Heavier. Still metal on metal.
"Hello, young Beckett the third."
The male voice was hauntingly familiar.
There was a stirring, and then the orange light of a struck match.
Pastor Rigby Briarwood's face lit up as the only detail in the basement, to the absolute horror of Jonathon William Beckett the third. The skin of his face had been marked with a grisly wound, one straight gash, a bit thicker in the center, from chin, over his left eye, to forehead. There were thin pieces of black twine stuck up on either side, stitches that had yet to be removed. However, the gash wasn't the feature that caught Jonathon's attention most, no? It was the left eye. Pastor Rigby Briarwood's left eyeball had turned purple, with red cracks, and it appeared to be rotting from the inside out.
Jonathon was frozen in fear, panicked, his breath shallow and then stuck, and the last sound he heard before utter darkness was that of Pastor Rigby Briarwood's low cackling.

*	*	*

The house had filled with lawmen. There were two by the front door, three spread out when Sheriff Wimbledon Brash came strolling in, stepping over the mangled body of Curtis Anglin with a chuckle. First thing he did was draw his weapon and quickly shoot the two men musicians seated on the far side of the room.
Then he felt ready to speak:
"You whores! done kilt or wounded half my men with your wanderin' shots," he growled, pacing the room, his eyes on each of the women. (Marielle had actually been the one to hit most, aiming through the scope, from her position in the second floor tower, and firing with the fierce precision of her polished rifle.) Brash let his hand rub over the plush fabric of a nearby chair, contemplating. "Which means I'm a let my men still standing have their way with you. Free. Ya understand?" His head swiveled to take in every face staring up at him. Then he continued. "My men tell me Ville's not here, that you say she never was. And Anson Sharpe, well-he's been takin' out by a band of outlaws!" Brash laughed, disbelieving, like he was telling a yarn and had just reached the pinnacle of its absurdity.
He looked toward the older Marshall T. Pickford Service, who nodded.
Sheriff Wimbledon Brash had momentarily stopped pacing but resumed. A face from the floor caught his eye. She was staring at him with less reverence and more anger. She looked to be the oldest of them all.
The woman stood up.
"Sir, we have money. The people - whoever else was out there, when seen them dragging Anson Sharpe away, up toward the cave. Otherwise, no one by the name Henri Ville-"
"I'm gonna shoot that there nigger by the count of five," Sheriff Brash declared as if he were about to flush a toilet. "You gon' tell me where Ville is or I'ma shoot him-one."
He lifted his gun to point at H.S., who had been next to Marielle before she stood up.
"Two."
"I told you! We haven't seen-"
"THAT'S NOT WHAT I BEEN TOLD-THREE FOUR!" he screamed in a violent fit, his face flushed red.
H.S. winced, preparing for the shot.
"HENRI VILLE GOT THE DEVIL ON HER BACK! AND HIS NAME IS WIMBLEDON BR-"
There was a loud bang.
Then another.
The men posted at the front door fell over.
Henri Ville crossed the threshold, stepping over the body in the doorway, a gun in each of her hands. Several more loud blasts as each hand fired shot after shot, her movements nearly as fast as the bullets. With her left hand, she hit the man sitting at the table where Anson Sharpe once sat - she hit him twice, then wounded Sheriff Wimbledon Brash in the shoulder. He spun and hit the floor hard. Her right hand fired as well, hitting the two men nearest the bar. Nary a bullet missed and the lawmen, now littered with bullets, uniformly dropped to the ground.
It was like a ballet, quick and chaotic, focused, graceful, and then peace.
Henri Ville kept her left hand trained on the Sheriff while surveying the room down the sight of her right revolver. The room appeared to be empty of threats. The brown of her leather duster brushed the ground in gentle wisps as she moved toward the wounded Sheriff. Her face was half-covered in a bandanna hanging over the bottom portion of her face, strung up over her nose and hanging down over her chin, and painted in a horrific design - drawn in white chalk on the black cloth was the jaw-line of a skeleton, grotesque teeth and bone in a wide smile, as if her skin had been worn away.
It was scary, as if she were demon.
She lowered the bandana and, staring down at the gasping Sheriff, whispered, "You look like your brother. He was an asshole, too."
Henri Ville turned toward Marielle, firing an extra two shots into Sheriff Wimbledon Brash without looking, and asked a single question:
"Where's Anson Sharpe?"




PROPERTY OF J. HARKER
I
"I think we're all agreed that it was best we didn't follow Curtis in through the front door of that whorehouse," spoke Jasper Dupart. He was wearing Curtis' extra pair of snakeskin boots and horse-skin vest, in memoriam. They were standing at the mouth of the cave, him and the remaining men of the former Anglin Gang. Some had followed close behind dear Anglin, though Curtis made it clear he wanted to make the first impression on the residents inside. Those that had followed to the front of the house perished in a hail of gunfire by unseen forces from across a fiery wall.
The whole experience had been breathtaking, to say the least.
Jasper and the rest had remained in the distance some ways off. Curtis had lost sight of them in the rain and wind - he had been so focused on kicking in that front door and "terrifying the innocents." But Jasper had stopped the men from following further than a few hundred yards of the barn. There was a feeling, something was wrong, and Jasper signaled for the men to wait. He hollered to those who could hear him over the storm that they would wait, watch the rear, advance when needed?otherwise, they would stay put. And then fire spread over water - not just fire but a moving, thinking fire that snaked across the ground like a rat'ler from hell - and it grew to the height of a man, and it was a sight to behold; then, the barn blew to hell. Gunfire, a cracking in the distance-POP POPPOP POP-unending flashes, shots discharged for several minutes. And then the body of a man fitting the description of the gentleman Anson Sharpe fell out a window. Dupart single-handedly approached the house and dragged Anson back to the gang.
"Now we ain't got Henri Ville but we got second best - her henchman, Anson Sharpe?"
Jasper's speech caused a moan of annoyance from inside the cave behind him. Anson was slouched in the back of the hollow cavern, his body the shape of a capitol C, his hands and feet tied firmly. Blood had soaked his pants and the ground was turned to a red/brown paste in a circular pool beneath him. The cave didn't go in but fifteen feet before it rounded out to a dead end and that's where he sat. They had some supplies in there, tucked behind darker edges.
There was a faint, indeterminable mumbling from Anson.
Jasper Dupart paused, turned toward the cave, then returned to addressing the men:
"Now as I see this group as a democracy-"
"What'n the hell'ers a demo-crazy?" grumbled one of the men.
"Well I'm glad you asked, Burt. It means we all get a vote. We all got equal say in what happens next."
There was silence.
"Well, what're we doin' next then?" asked another.
By the looks on their faces, the group was none too enthused about this new form of group-based decision-making.
"That's the great thing, we can all decide?"
Dead silence.
"So?let's hear some ideas?"
Dead silence.
"Whelp, first things first, we gotta?"
The men stared eagerly for the next task.
"?turn Anson in for the bounty."
"-turn in Anson for the bounty, that's what I was gonna say," chimed in one of the men.
"O?kay. Well, he's got a sizeable amount on his-"
"How much?" asked another in the back.
"I'm not quite sure but it's, uh, it's definitely enough for all of us."
"Includin' Curtis?" asked one near the front, staring up at Jasper with puppy dog eyes.
"Well, Curtis won't be around to accept it."
"Why?" the same man asked again.
"Because he?he was shot."
"Yeah but what if he lived?-you know, he could still be alive."
Some of the men nodded in agreement.
"I'm fairly certain he was shot, like, 2 dozen times so?"
The man in front with the puppy dog eyes stared up, confused.
"?but, he could still be alive. Like, in a hospital somewhere."
"Where?"
"Somewhere."
"We're in the middle of nowhere."
"?but what if he is?"
"He isn't."
"?but what if he is?"
"He's not-okay, does anyone want to wait here a bit longer, see if this Henri Ville character shows up."
Dead silence.
"Let's see a show of hands."
All of the men showed Jasper their palms.
"No, that's not-"
Anson gave the second-to-last hearty laugh of his life from within the cave.
"Put your hands down," Jasper said, motioning for the men to lower their arms. "We're going to vote."
"What's a vote?" asked Burt.
"It's-I'll give you guys some options. Okay? Like choices. I want you to raise your hands," he raised his hand in example, "if you like the idea."
Nods, grumbles.
"We could take Anson Sharpe in for the bounty?"
Most of the men raised their hands.
"Or we could wait and see if this Henri Ville shows up and try and snatch him up for the bounty, too?"
Most of the men raised their hands.
"Wait-no, guys. Only vote once-"
"Henri's a girl. Short for Henrietta. You dumbasses."
"This is confusin'," one of the men muttered, scratching his head.
"Guys, it's really easy. I'll give you two choices. Pick one and then raise your hand-"
Most of the men raised their hands.
"No, I mean-when I say the choice you want, then raise your hand, so that I know what you're voting for."
"We was better off as an autocrasy," called out a member from the middle. "Curtis mayn't've been smart as a governin' dictator-like fig'er but he got ideas and we believe 'int him. You though, Jasper, you speak like a bleedin' dandy. Leave our hands alone."
There were laughs from the men.
"Well I'm sorry you feel that way. Maybe you'd like to come up here and-"
There was a jolt and one of the men fell over.
Not a moment later, the unmistakable crack of a rifle rang out.
The men didn't understand what was happening.
Another fell over - and, again, another crack in the distance.
The men looked at each other a moment, perplexed-and then scattered, grabbing their firearms and taking cover around the cave. The shots were coming from the west, facing the cave.
"She's here," called Anson, gleefully.
And he gave his last laugh.


II
Henri Ville traversed the landscape with a feline agility. There were sharp bluffs and she was moving down them into the gulch of the cave. The trail had been apparent: the drag marks from Anson had been left in wet mud that dried into one long, shallow chasm, a direct path to his location. The cave was far enough from the desert of The Catlight Infinite that green sprouted in fits and bursts, some cacti but also ferns and dried trees.
Henri took the rocky ledge at a run, landing steady a dozen feet lower and a good distance farther, the grips of her boots catching traction on a round boulder-top. The men were still a quarter-mile off. She swung her shoulder and brought the rifle around front. It had been Marielle's, the sight adjusted to perfection, the barrel oiled, the wood polished. The men took positions behind trees, behind rocks, or partially inside the cave. None of them were using a rifle, she noticed, and none of them used Anson Sharpe for cover. Neither would have slowed her pace or changed her action much but she had expected both.
They're idiots, she thought.
The rifle's sight found a man that thought he was well-covered.
She fired and hit his shoulder, knocking him to the ground.
Click-click- she pulled back the bolt-handle, ejected the cartridge, and then slid it forward once more. The gun remained braced against her shoulder, her breathing relaxed, sight to her unblinking cerulean eye? She fired again-click-click-then continued forward. Several of the men fired at her but their handguns were wildly inaccurate - they'd need a long barrel rifle to hit her at that distance. She would have worried more if even just one of them had been using a rifle. The distance was an unfair disadvantage to them - the equivalent of a big kid holding back a littler kid by his forehead while the frustrated littler kid punched at air.
Henri made it to down the rocky ravine and onto solid ground.
The men were at the top of a slight hill, not 30 yards in length which ended in rock and the shallow cave. Henri kneeled and, from behind the cover of a large rock, she brought the rifle back to her eye. Some of the men were gone, retreating up the rocks, over the cliffs, and into the horizon-
There was a sound to her left, in a more open area.
Only a half-second late did Henri Ville realize that someone had the jump on her, that a man had come around, his gun cocked and ready to fire. She dropped the rifle and reached for her handguns, swinging around-but the man was already falling to the ground. Her gun was drawn but hadn't fired-a crack in the distance made her duck her head, even though it was just the echo of the shot already taken-and Henri turned her eyes the way from which she had come, the direction of the echo.
Someone was up there?
Someone was helping her.
With both revolvers now drawn, Henri turned back toward the remaining men and rounded her cover, the guns extended out from her eye-line, the weight heavy to her arms. Ignoring everything - the weight of the guns, the glare of the sun, the over whelming sulfur scent of burnt gunpowder - everything dimmed aside from the sight and the sound. Her eyes were almost perked, every nerve-ending focused and brain synapse firing, determining, searching, firing, firing from her right. One man was caught in the back and he dropped. Another was winged. More men left cover, and Henri fired once, twice from her left, and once more from her right, before realizing the men were running away. There was one man left, the one that had been speaking to the group. He had crawled back into the cave. (Her original shots - the first two she fired from the hilltop - had been meant for him, though luck directed the bullets into others, not skill.
Henri was not known to be a marksman.
Once the men were far enough from sight, Henri entered the cave.	


III
Jasper's gun was on the ground, several feet from his foot.
He was curled behind a large, smooth rock near the back of the cave, crying silently, his face covered in snot and tears. When he had seen Henri enter the cave, her face covered in the monstrous grimace of a bone-and-tooth smile, he instantly relieved himself. But Henri, she spoke nary a word upon entering the cave. Her eyes turned a shade of sadness they hadn't in some time as she stared down at Sharpe's motionless body, his eyes closed. There was an unfamiliar sting, the onset of salty tears to long-dry eyes.
"Were you the one that shot him?" Henri asked the cowering Jasper Dupart. Her voice was deeper, angrier, her eyes thin slates of judgment and anger. Her fingers tensed over the triggers of both guns, though they were still pointed down.
"You?you the devil?you?"
Jasper was too far gone, too scared to speak coherently.
"No," answered Anson, on behalf of Jasper.
Henri turned back to Anson and her thundering eyes grew gentle once more.
With the barrel of her gun, she gained Jasper's attention, lifting his chin to look her in the face.
"Get out," she whispered, then added, "Leave the boots."
With her foot on his gun, Henri Ville moved aside so the blubbering mess that was Jasper Dupart could remove Curtis' boots and leave the cave. He ran full speed and kept running in the opposite direction from that of his men. His whining sob could be heard even after he was out of sight; then that, too, was gone.
For the moment, Henri Ville and Anson Sharpe were alone.


IV
"Did you like it?" Anson asked and coughed a shallow breath.
There was a blanket in the abandoned supplies. Henri laid it out on the floor of the cave.
"Yes, Anson."
Carefully, and to the sound of excruciated moaning, she removed Anson's shirt and laid him out on the blanket, keeping him on his side first. His wincing pain caused him to be breathless, as if having just finished a great run.
"I?I got them all?I got them?together. You got-you got a head start now, Saida. No one?at your back?except The Droit."
She searched his back with her fingers and exhaled a breath that choked in her throat.
"I know," he said, solemn.
There was no exit wound. The bullet was lodged in his abdomen somewhere. His bleeding wouldn't end; neither would the pain, not until it was over. Inside, he would bleed. Infection. There was no remedy, only time. Minutes. Henri Ville knew this. Only one thing she could think of, something soothing? She removed her shirt, and sat up against the wall, and she pulled Anson into her lap, hugging his skin against her skin, caressing his hair, kissing his neck and wiping away the tears from her eyes. They didn't speak much. She held him while his breath was shallow, and then more shallow, and shallower still.
"There's?directions?in my back pocket?"
It was a struggle for him to speak, as if words weighed tons.
Henri lowly shushed him, tenderly tightening her hug.
It was difficult for her to speak, as well.
"Sing?" was the last word he spoke, and she did:

Well, maybe I'm a crook for stealing your heart away
And maybe I'm a crook for not caring for it
Yeah, maybe I'm a bad, bad, bad... bad person
Well, baby I know.

And these fingertips
Will never run through your skin
Those bright blue eyes
Can only meet mine across the room
Filled with people that are less important than you

Cause you love, love, love
When you know I can't love
You love, love, love
When you know I can't love
You love, love, love
When you know I can't love you

It was a bright noon. A den of bobcats was in shade, one sneaking toward a Jack Rabbit hidden in the brush. A Gila Monster skittered from sand to the cracks in a mountain of rock. Prairie Dogs watched as a handful of men slowed, their breaths lost from sprinting. One collapsed to his hands and knees. Another huddled over. And even at such a distance from the cave, the former members of the Anglin Gang could hear Henrietta's ungodly wail echo through the rocky bluffs of the land, as Anson Sharpe's breathing ceased.


V
Cant and Drewbell approached the cave with extreme caution.
They reached the rock pile where Henri Ville once took cover - the cover that was overcome by another, which forced Cant to go from an observer of Miss Ville to an accomplice. He made sure Drewbell knew to stay back, stay put, remain in cover. The men could come back firing, and there was no telling what Henri Ville would do when she saw them. It was the mournful wail that brought them so close. Cant was prepared to watch from the sight of his rifle's scope; however, he knew Anson Sharpe to be in the cave. And a large part of Cant wanted to meet Henri, to ask her questions about her life, to find out anything, really. Another part of him, a smaller, graver part - one from within his chest - wanted to pay final respects to Mr. Sharpe, whom he now suspected lay dead inside the dark curves of the cave.
After another thorough search of the distance ahead, Cant left Drewbell in the rocky cover and headed closer to the cave. He could see a figure moving inside. His steps were soft, the rifle held loose and cradled in one arm. The shadow was moving against the ground in an unnatural coiling. In a move both bold and stupid, he laid his rifle on the ground before approaching further. The figure moved, lifted, and turned.
Henri Ville remained against the edge of the cave's shadow, careful not to step out into sunlight. Her face was uncovered, the bandanna off.
"Why did you help me?" she scolded, as if "help" were a dirty word.
"I?I didn't. I was trying to help Anson."
"Don't be an idiot - pick up your rifle. And tell your girlfriend I won't shoot her, she can come up here."
Cant gave a peculiar whistle and Drewbell poked her head from behind a mound. Henri returned to the cave. Drewbell reached Cant and they stared in as Henri Ville sat on the ground and again became one with the unmoving silhouettes, like a mural etched in charcoal. They walked into the darkness, let their eyes adjust, and found Henri sitting beside the body of Anson Sharpe, whom she had wrapped into a blanket.
"I want you to dig a grave," she spoke, distraught and muffled. Her back was against the wall, her forehead resting on her bent knees.
Cant nodded and returned to the daylight, searching the abandoned supplies. He found a pickax for prospecting and, beside it, a small shovel; then walked to the bottom of the hill facing the cave, past the mound of cover and down to a bed of dry earth. The bluffs from which Henri had jumped were to the right, a narrow path leading further down between the rocky ledges. The area was large enough for a grave, and it had a somber atmosphere: the blanketing light brown of the sun-scorched land and the quiet abandon of rock and sand and arid wind, with its lifeless charm and wavering fidelity to life. The placidity of the world had tucked itself safe in this here nook, and it was a fine place to bury a man. Cant would have been proud to have someone dig a grave for him here, though he knew in order to have an appropriate funeral for Anson Sharpe, there would need to be booze. 
"I wanna help," offered Drewbell, clambering down the slight hill.
Before leaving the cave, Drewbell had stood an extra moment, watching Henri. Neither spoke, nor did they need to. Ville was mourning and, oddly enough, in the presence of death and morning was a place Drewbell felt most comfortable. There was no awkward silence, only necessary silence, a phantom moment. Her eyes had fallen to Anson, and they studied his inert face; then she turned, and she left Henri Ville to mourn alone.
"You want to help?" asked Cant, making sure Drewbell heard him.
"Yeah."
"Good. Then go back to The Catlight Infinite and get booze. Nary a minute went by I didn't see this man sluggin' from a bottle of whiskey. And I'm sure one'a them girls might like to say a few words."
"I?was gonna make you some shade. But?"
Cant stared at her and there were no final words. Dealing with the living was harder for Drewbell, and there was an awkward silence before she left for the 2 mile trek back to The Catlight Infinite.


VI
Henri Ville never moved from the cave until the end of the ceremony, which was held just after nightfall. The gathering was larger than Anson himself might have expected, with all the girls from The Catlight Infinite gathered to the side of the grave, as well as H.S. and the stable boys, Drewbell, and Cant.
Two of the women spoke:
"Anson Sharpe seemed like a good fellow. He was kind and generous. I didn't know the man well, and he blew up my barn." Marielle cleared her throat, and then lifted her glass, "To Anson Sharpe, wherever he ends up - May his glass be ever full. May his guiding be always strong. And may he be in Heaven half an hour before the Devil knows he's dead."
Everyone had a flute of Pellsley Grant's whiskey, including the stable boys. The clear glass and brown liquor shimmered in the air like amber, reflected in the torchlight that surrounded the funeral. Everyone sipped-immediately, the children gagged, surprised at the sting of liquor, all of them except Cant.
"Anson had a big penis," spoke the second girl - Rebecca with the red hair, Marielle's daughter. She had spent the most time with Anson while at The Catlight Infinite, initially quiet but had taken a shine, enjoyed her time with him. "I knew him?pretty well. Um, well enough. And I know that he wanted someone to say that at his funeral. He?" shyness retook a woman whose eyes were mourning, whose smile had faded, though her beauty remained; and she blushed, fidgeting her feet in the dirt, "?he said he would die soon. He told me that one night, not-not long ago. We were?in bed?and he told me he was going to die soon. Not just soon but within a few days. I thought he was drunk or?I don't know. I just listened?" and tears mingled with the words she spoke, though it didn't stifle her speech, "?and he said he was proud of his life. He had-well, he mentioned something, something he called The Sandtrap. And other things I didn't understand. But he said he wouldn't live long and that he could rest happy. He had taken care of the things he needed, tended to the things needed tending. And he said he was right with it. He knew this was peace just as surely as he knew he'd?" and then her tears stormed, and it was hard for her to speak the final word, "?die."
H.S. had walked amongst the crowd and refilled the empty glasses with more whiskey. Upon finishing her final word, she lifted her glass. And everyone followed suit.
"To Anson Sharpe. He had a big penis."
Of the males, only Cant spoke:
"Anson talked to me once about marriage. He said he had been married once, a long time ago. To a woman named Ginger. He said that marriage, the idea of marriage, it was wrong. It had always been wrong and it would only get more wrong. Someone that gets married, they're locked into the person they are. You meet a woman and you and the woman marry and life goes on, locked in that moment when you got married. The reason it's so wrong - to him, at least - is because people change. People can change in a couple years, or a couple of tough months, or even one night. People change. And if someone knows you the way you are here, now, well how are they going to feel when you change? And he was very specific about the idea of change. He said that change wasn't just natural but it should be the purpose. You can change and become worse, sure; that wasn't the point. It was that a person should strive to change for the better. You start here, as you are, but time moves on and you learn and you understand and you become capable of more. That's something he said that stuck with me. 'You become capable of more.' To deny that, to fervently prevent the progress despite the way the world turns, that was his issue. He told it to me in the parameters of marriage but I feel he was speaking of people, as they are. We are who we are, right now. The purpose tomorrow is to be better than we were yesterday, and today is the day we learn how, and why."
The group was prepared for Cant to continue but he spoke no further, raising his glass instead. There was a silence longer than before as everyone held their glasses high in the flickering firelight.
And then they drank.
There was further silence as each person searched for the next speaker and found none. Crying was audible amongst a few of the girls, and the wind rustled through the curves of the stone. The dancing fire of each torch could be heard flicking into the gusts of dry wind. A noise of gathering, of gravel crunching in the darkness, and Henri Ville emerged not only from the cave but from the shadows entirely. Her face was half-covered by a rouge handkerchief, a staple of the infamous gunfighter - though this one had no scrawled design, just deep red roses embroidered on dark cloth. Her figure wasn't much taller than the whores from The Catlight Infinite but her presence had an electricity, brought something theirs didn't: fear. Cant watched her as one might a star of the moving pictures, someone that didn't exist in tangible reality. The women and stable boys also watched her in awe. Henri maneuvered through the people to a grave no deeper dug than four feet. With little effort, she hopped into the hole beside Anson's wrapped, lifeless body. Eyes watched as, in the shadows of the grave, Henri fished something from Anson and climbed out. When she stood once more, there were a few blood-soaked pages in her hand, which she tucked into her pocket. H.S. approached with a glass and the bottle but Henri took only the bottle and poured the rest on the corpse of Anson Sharpe, and then she returned to the cave.


VII
Henri Ville didn't emerge from the cave until the next day.
Cant was waiting for her.
"Miss Ville, may I-" he began tracking after her as she moved at a brisk pace down the hill. Her response interrupted Cant's polite introduction - BANG BANGBANG- she fired three shots into the ground at his feet. He hopped back, then back, then back, lifting his legs higher in the air with each jump; then, as Henri Ville - head down, hat drawn over her brow, face covered with that horrendous black and white, tooth-and-bone bandana once more, her body in a loose, cow-skin duster, her feet in new snake-skin boots - continued walking forward without so much as a sideways glance at Cant.
Henri Ville stopped, blocked by the long two-barrels of a shotgun.
Drewbell had rounded the cover Henri herself had taken the day before, from behind a mound of rocks at the bottom of the hill not ten feet from the new grave of Anson Sharpe. (At the head of the grave was a foot tall pyramid of stones, a wood cross stuck in at the top marked by the lipstick kisses of a dozen women.) There was a look of fury in the young face of a teenage girl no older than 16, one that reminded Henri of herself. Drewbell didn't stop advancing even though Henri was armed, a six-gun still in her hand. The barrels remained pointed at Henri's face while she stalked forward, and the air was struck by the clacking of the hammer being pulled back.
"My daddy ain't do much but he taught me how to fire on an enemy now DROP YOUR GUN!" she demanded, loud as a wolf's howl.
Henri was so staggered by the situation she froze.
Drewbell stopped with the barrels just out of Henri's reach.
The six-gun hit the ground with a thud.
Cant circled behind Henri, watching her, keeping a distance. He came around to the other side of her, narrowly observing her features with the same scrutiny he once had with Marielle.
"That wasn't much polite, Miss Ville," he said, stopping next to Drewbell. Henri stared out from the narrow gap between her hat's brim and her bandana, studying one young face, then the other. Cant's hand lifted into the air, rested on the barrel, and lowered the aim of the shotgun. Drewbell's face was stuck in glaring anger.
Henri sucked at her teeth before speaking:
"What do you want?"
"I got questions," Cant answered.
A moment.
"Such as?" responded Henri.
"Ma'am, you. are. terrifying!" Drewbell cut in, grieved. She finally relaxed a bit more, then let Cant (whose hand never moved from the lowered barrel) take the shotgun from her grip. Henri's eyes crossed once more, briefly, over Drewbell's face before returning to Cant.
"How did Anson know he was going to die? Or that it was going to rain? How did he know about the attack?"
Henri lifted her arm and tilted the ridge of her hat upward a bit. Flecks of her blonde hair poked up, unwashed and untended. "He knew that much, did he?" Henri's eyes measured the sky with a quick look. There was a single, unassuming white cloud high up but it was an otherwise open, beautiful day, one warmer than it had been lately.
"You want to know all that, you go see a man named Claim Bialik in a town 'bout a hundred miles northwest of here. You can bring them kids hidin' up over that ridge there, too. He's gonna need all the help he can find."
Cant turned to the high ridge where the rest of the young stable boys were laid out and trying to hide, though they were hardly inconspicuous as their heads continuously pop up over the edge with eager expressions.
"Help with what?" Drewbell asked, her eyes unmoving from Henri.
Henri answered with an annoyed glance.
"How do we find him?" Cant asked, gravely serious. There was something inside him that felt like the journey wasn't over, that the adventure was just beginning. And he felt a deep, desperate need to follow it wherever it led.
Henri Ville recited the directions:

"Go to the place where the Red Rock bends,
50 paces east and then?"

She stopped a moment.
"Stupid Bialik and his stupid rhymes," she mumbled, thinking.

"Ummmmm?
Something, something valley for ten??
No-wait.

Into the valley of green and fend
Through the thicket and pricker
Of the devil's den

Miles to travel
Nevermore then Ten
Dawn's wait to begin again
Toward the winter's shadow
And Carpatheon, its end."

"You want your answers, boy?" She made sure he was staring in her eyes. Henri had found that people downright refused to meet her gaze more often than not, but neither of these two kids had any hesitation facing her. "You'll find 'em there. Start in the township of Worechester. If you're as clever as you seem, you'll find it."
Then Henri Ville moved on. Passing between Drewbell and Cant, she pulled her hat back low, her eyes focused ahead of her, her snakeskin boots crunching the gravel, and she climbed back the way she had come one day earlier. Before disappearing in the haze of sunlight, a tall silhouette stood upon rock. It was an iconic imagine to Cant (and the American populace, after reading the writing of Cant in later years), and her sheer outline would become a symbol of the infamous gunfighter: hat pointed down nearly over the face; jagged edge of the bandana ruffling over the lower half of her face; and a long duster swaying in the wind, partly tucked behind two gun belts.
Her voice called back, sturdy like rock?
"If you do find that town, you tell that old bastard I'll be there soon. Tell him to get ready to go home."


VIII
The land was overwhelmingly green after traveling north a full day. By the second, snow-covered mountain peaks could be seen piercing the pale blue sky and, at night, flickers like starlight littering the far-off. The morning air was sharp and cold and stung like ice water in Henri's chest. Dinners were brief and in darkness. Dire would eat oats and carrots from Henri's one hand while the other rubbed the horse's mane. They would share from a water pouch. Henri and the mare had a kindred enjoyment of silence as they ate, or rode, or settled and rested. On the third and final day, Henri stopped and pulled up the bandanna a bit to puke what little food was in her stomach, sick from dehydration, exhaustion, and a lack of nutrition - or so she assumed. Afterward, she wiped her mouth, and lowered the bandana back over the bottom half of her face. It was at this moment that Henri spoke for the first time since leaving the gravesite of Anson Sharpe. The sun was near set in the west. Her voice was raspy from a lack of use and sore from vomiting. She cleared her throat three times before noticing that something had startled inside her. Something was breaking. It wasn't that her vocal chords were sleeping but, quite the opposite, a strong will inside her wanted to speak out. A small amount of tears emerged before any words and they were subsequently wiped from her eyes before they could fall. In sorrow, she first spoke of Anson. Her talk of the gentleman Sharpe was short, her eulogy. Dire's eyes wandered as she told it. How Anson was an asshole. A whore. A philanderer. How he was smart and a good man despite himself and how there was a very real, very large chance she would never be able to return home because of his absence. Then Henri removed the bandana covering the lower half of her face to scream. A frustrated bawl erupted from her body, one of anger and venom and accompanied by spittle. Dire jumped and backed and looked to Henri's face for comfort only to find that it had changed entirely, and what was once black and white bone had become the defined jaw and gnashed teeth of an ordinary (though beautiful and dirty) female face. Henri cursed a blue streak at the darkening sky. She demanded forgiveness. She threatened to destroy everything, all creation - she would tear it down with her bare hands. Even if it took the rest of her life, she would stop this. Murder the responsible parties. Finish it, finish everything - she just wanted it to be over. Time passed and the anger turned to determination. Wicked-black clouds swarmed the sky of a once beautiful day and this, too, caused the mare to panic, but Henri held Dire close. She told the swirling clouds and the ramping winds and the growing blackness about certainties. She would succeed, Goddamnit - she was certain even though she couldn't see it clearly. But something was there, in the back of her mind, a picture of the future taking shape: It started as a faint nagging on her senses, like a slight, low-frequency buzzing; then it seeped in deeper, and it felt like a dream long after its been dreamt, where details remained - colors, emotions, wisps of movement, vague faces - but the details weren't grounded, they were ethereal, intangible (a gazebo, sunlight through the branches of an oak tree, the color red but one too bright to be blood). It wasn't a dream, though, more like a feeling that had sprouted images and her mind refused to leave them alone, folding up each little spark and tucking it into the same part of her brain reserved for fading memories, leaving her with a hazy feeling that all of it was already over, that the end had been her goal, her victory.  Just like Anson knew he would die, Henri knew she would live, and that she would succeed. It was a certainty. The storm was approaching, a wall of grey spinning earth as it shred everything above ground. There was one more thing, and just before she rode off, Henri begged through lingering tears. The wind was so loud it couldn't be heard by anyone, and it didn't need to be. She wasn't asking for much but she had to plead, just once, if only to herself. Her pleading was simple:
She just wanted to go home.


IX
That first day, Cant, Drewbell, and the young, incorrigible stable boys traveled over a hundred miles northwest and camped for the night. The next day, the boys stayed back while Cant and Drewbell continued to the nearest town, one called Fraiser. No one had heard of a town called Carpatheon. None could describe it or help with its location. There was a cartographer in the town and he had maps that spanned several counties and states but, when all was said and done, no town called Carpatheon. Nothing even close. Cant inquired about the "red rock" or "winter's shadow" but, again, the cartographer looked puzzled.
"You sure you ain't gettin' yurself confused?"
"Yeah. Carpatheon. She said a hundred miles north, which is about here." Cant placed his finger on the map. There were nearby mountains and wide swathes of open land, most of which had been purchased but not developed.
"No, no, not the name. That you're looking in the right place. The Carpathian Mountains ain't nowhere near here, son. They're in Eur'pe."
Cant turned to the older man, curious.
Something the cartographer had said struck a chord of familiarity.
"What are the Carpathian Mountains?" asked Cant, trying to place where he had heard the name before.
"Oh, gosh. Here." The older man - who had been a gentler type and willing to help - bent toward a shelf and removed a thick book entitled The Maps of Europe. Cant checked the index and found the Carpathian Mountain Range, which ran from Romania through Poland?but he quickly decided to call it a day when his eyes could no longer tell the difference between the Carpathian Mountains and the local maps of the surrounding mountain ranges he had been staring at. It was irrelevant, anyway.
Cant settled for a few maps of the area and they left.
This struck up the first and only "argument" between Drewbell and Cant:
"Henri made it up to get rid of us," Drewbell moaned shortly after their visit to the cartographer, while they slowly rode back to the stable boys.
"I don't believe so," a calm, somber Cant answered.
"Why? Yes she did. It doesn't exist."
"I believe it does."
"Why?"
"I just do."
"Well I don't."
"Henri didn't appear to be lying."
"And you're really good at knowing that?" Drewbell asked, sarcastically. "As good at that as you are finding towns that don't exist?"
"I believe it does exist. And I'm going to find it. And I'm going to find the fellow she said I'd find."
"What does it even matter? So you find this guy and you ask him your questions and what? He tells you to mess off. Then what?"
"Then I wait for Henri."
"Why? What answer do you think they're going to have for you?"
"I don't really care much about the answers. I just feel like I need to do this." He paused and turned toward her. "Don't you?"
"Um?I don't know."
They rode on.
"Well, you don't have to come with me. And if you do, you're not to question what I'm doing or why. You're either in with it or out. I will not be questioned or talked back to." Cant glanced at her once more as they rode side-by-side. "Please watch your tongue and, please, do not be impolite."
Drewbell felt the slight blush of shame.
"I need you to answer me."
She looked back at him.
"Okay. I'm in with you."
"Okay."
"So what do we do?"
"We go back and think."
Drewbell and Cant reached camp shortly after.
It had been set-up some miles from town and far out between the two nearest trails. All of the boys had come, including Andrew, Lewis, Walter, Thomas, Vernon, Nathan Jr. 1 and Nathan Jr. 2, and they were an animated group, all except Cant. (This had always been the case, though he had become graver lately.) The brothers were off ambling together, as they often did, while the rest of the boys chased each other in the open land, laughing and shoving. Walter was the smallest and he got it the worst most times (including this one), while Andrew was the biggest, and often the more brutish, of the bunch. Lewis and Thomas were more followers, listeners, agree-ers to whomever led. And Vernon had a loud, occasionally rude, often funny mouth on him.
All of the boys rushed up to Cant and Drewbell upon their return, each eager for news. There was none. Cant explained that it would take some time, that they may be camping out there for the next few days while he thought. The boys nodded, none of them concerned. This surprised Cant.
"Does this not bother the lot of you?" he asked the group.
No one understood the question.
"Does it not bother you that we are lost to the wind? That we have no direction."
"Nah, we know you'll figure it out," Andrew said with an encouraging shove.
"Yup."
"Yup."
Lewis and Thomas agreed in unison before heading over toward the fire.
"And you'll be the first we eat if you don't," Vernon chuckled as he took a seat. The entire gang was rather dismissive, everyone returning to the fire for dinner, everyone except Walter, who was tiniest, and he remained behind, staring up at Cant with giant, round brown eyes.
"You okay, little buddy?" he asked the smallest of the group.
Walter tugged on Cant's sleeve, pulling him down to whisper, "I'm scared."
Cant grew concerned.
"Of what?
Whispering lower, he answered.
"Are there vampires out here? You know, like in that book? They vampire's come out at night?"
Cant smiled.
"No, good buddy. No vampires in these parts. And may I be so bold as to suggest that they don't really exist, 'cept maybe in that book I sometimes read." Cant's collection of books, apart from the true life tales of US gunslingers and bank robbers, consisted only of older gothic fiction, like Mary Shelly and Bram Stoker and Edgar Allen Poe. They had been his uncle's, in Massachusetts, one of the few possessions his uncle allowed him to take while ushering him out. Cant hadn't been much of a handful while living with his father's brother's family, but he had been an unnecessary mouth to feed and his life was eventually traded to a cattleman in exchange for goods and services tendered. Cant then rode with the cattleman nearly a year before, penniless, the cattler traded Cant for a few nights in a brothel.
The gothic fiction was all that remained of Cant's life in Massachusetts.
"You sure none's them real?"
Cant nodded and gave the young man a wink.
"Trust me."
This seemed to soothe Walter enough and he winked back, running over to join the others in front of the fire. Dinner had been bought in town (with money Marielle gave the boys for their travels) and they roasted the meat and vegetables in a large pan over the fire. The young boys ate heartily. Drewbell mainly nibbled on uncooked vegetables, silently watching Cant as he stared out toward a mountain range in the distance. Night fell and the boys brought Cant food, which he refused. Around the campfire, the second oldest (at 13), Andrew, tried his best to tell stories of Henri Ville by mixing what they had seen along with the stories they had read.
"She soared in on a flaming eagle, guns blazing-"
"No she didn't," Vernon cut him off.
"Ah, it was a great big viper-"
"Nope," Vernon shook his head.
"A wily kangaroo-"
"Totally different continent-" Vernon informed Andrew.
"Stuff it, Vernon," Andrew spat.
The kids wanted Cant to read to them.
"Not tonight, guys," he called over. He had been in the same seat all night, just outside the light of the fire.
"Come on, you ain't even gotta read none'a Henri or anything. You can read one'a them scary books."
"Not tonight."
And with that, Cant left for a walk.
"Where's he going?" Drewbell asked the nearest boy.
"Cant always goes walkin' at night," the boy answered.

*	*	*

The Nathans made breakfast and Cant joined everyone after another long walk. Drewbell sat across from him and remained silent. Cant hardly spoke a word, orders to maintain the integrity of the camp, like gathering wood for the night fire in case they stayed another night. It was their third day and progress had to be made.
Drewbell moved to sit beside Cant, her first time close to him since the day previous. "Did you find the red rock?" she asked, just seeking a response. She didn't much care about the rhyme or the maps or the destination. She had wanted change. This was change. This was different. This was a journey and, with him, it felt worth it?even if the town didn't exist, even if the purpose was nil.
"No."
She prodded with a few more questions, trying to be helpful, at which time he voiced his frustrations in stout assertions. There were no rocky landmarks on any maps of the area. Rocks weren't often red this far north, where the lands were flush with grass and life. Just shy of wandering around, looking for a crooked red rock, he had no clue what the next step would be.
"You'll figure it out," she reassured him. "Can't sit here forever, right?"
He looked at her as if wounded, briefly, but then his eyes focused, narrowed, and a look of determination took them over. His attention turned back to the maps and he pointed.
"Roderick's Curve. It's a town 'bout thirty miles from here."
"What's there?"
"No idea. But it's a start," confided Cant, standing. "Can't sit here forever, right?"

*	*	*

Roderick's Curve was a scattered community, with houses built hundreds of yards apart and a small handful of shops grouped together at the farthest edge of town. Drewbell and Cant slowly rode the wide path, which was hardly worn by travelers, and if had not been for a sign welcoming them, neither would have known they had even entered a town at all.
"Where is everyone?" wondered Drewbell, her eyes searching the distant houses.
When Cant didn't respond, she found his attention elsewhere, on something ahead. For a moment she didn't follow his gaze but instead stared at his determined face. He had a masculine, well-defined jaw, one that always looked very tense. His steely blue eyes were always eager, always focused. His shaggy dark mane was a mess, though, as was hers. The thought crossed her mind that they should stop in the next barber they crossed. Her family had never been one to groom, and any grooming they did themselves, but Cant was handsome and, after a haircut and maybe a rinse with warm water, he might actually be quite dashing?
Her eyes returned forward to see what lay ahead and quickly found the source of Cant's attention. An extremely wide building was a few hundred yards away. It had looked black in the distance but, as they approached, its dark shade of red revealed itself in the overcast day, though it was also an eerily calm, still day, with the hint of chill on an occasional gust of wind. It felt like evening by mid-afternoon and it would be an early nightfall. Cant wanted to return to camp before night settled, help the boys, make sure everything was set before the deep black that was surely to follow such an overcast day?
But he wanted to know what was ahead.
The building had several hitching posts, to which more than two dozen horses were currently tied and mulling in place, but no people were in sight, not even stragglers, no one under the long, arching awning that surrounded the structure on all sides, and it was accompanied by a blanketing silence as they approached. All of it was maroon, even the porch floorboards and furniture lining the exterior, everything except the slanted black roof and the egg-shell white of the awning's support beams. Cant and Drewbell rode their horses all the way around the wide building (which reminded Cant of a slaughterhouse) in a search of a front, only to discover that all four sides were the same, each with an entrance in the center, opaque, maroon-colored windows, and half-tables with chairs and spittoons scattered along the porch.
Cant hopped off his horse and led him to a nearby post. This particular horse had been his; the only horse in The Candlelight Infinite's to personally belong to a stable boy. It had been the horse he had rode in on, that first day he arrived after the long trip from Massachusetts. The horse had grown years older but retained its beauty, and had lost none of its stamina. Oddly enough, though they had spent many years together, and Cant had cared for the horse himself, daily, he had yet to name him.
Drewbell began to ride over and do the same but Cant held up his hand.
"Wait here."
She glared down from atop her horse, then dismounted anyway, walking her horse beside his. All of the other horses from The Catlight Infinite's barn had been tied up a few acres over, under makeshift shelter to weather the storm. Drewbell had no affinity for her horse and cared little for riding. She had little need for travel back home, and had grown accustomed to carriages; no matter how worn and haggard they were, before riding with Anson to the brothel, and then riding from the brothel here. Initially, she had assumed it would grow on her; it had turned out to be an incorrect assumption, however, and she had grown less and less enthused as the days went on.
"Why am I here?" she asked him, dramatically wrapping the horse's rope around the post so that the ends flung a bit wildly toward Cant.
He said nothing.
She tied a quick release knot and turned to him.
They stared at one another. She had the look of pain in her eyes and he was a bit confused by it. His reasoning had been that, whatever lay behind the doors of this red building, it may not be safe for her. And her safety was of paramount concern to him. It didn't make sense why his concern for her well-being would hurt her so?however, she had come from cover, gun drawn, when he had been in danger.
Instead of speaking, he reached over and took her hand in his.
Whatever was ahead, they would face it together.
And, hand in hand, Drewbell and Cant walked up the maroon steps of the maroon porch and opened the maroon door of the maroon building, and that's when they heard a voice laugh,
"Hell is empty, and all the devils are here?"


X
Novak was a cross-dresser. On the night Henri Ville visited his saloon, he was wearing a tight black top with a frilly, black-and-white dress, pearl earrings, thick, masking black eye-liner with lines drawn a half-inch long on the temple (similar in style to the French girls from The Catlight Infinite), and a thick rouge lipstick smeared across his lips. He had a cigar in his mouth, a bottle in his hand, and a look of boredom in his eyes, seated in the back with one hairy leg and bare foot propped up on a chair, the dress tucked between his thighs, his other knee spread outward. No one was sitting at his table but the place was otherwise busy and well occupied. He scratched his crotch. Burped. On the table beside him was a bonnet, pistol hidden underneath. There was a bar patron playing guitar in the corner but the music was near silenced by the commotion of the patrons.
It had been a calm night, to Novak's displeasure.
He liked ruckus.
No one took much notice of Henri Ville as she entered the saloon. Her bandana was off in the moment before entering the saloon. Her outfit was new, a conservative tan dress without frills. She had cleaned herself up. Polished her guns. Fresh tobacco was rolled. Her hair was cut much shorter, to her ears, and dyed black using the ink of pens. Her scalp was also dyed, as were the tips of her ears, and there were more black specks across the top of her forehead, but all of it was covered by a matching tan bonnet.
She felt better, clean. More prepared. Ready?
Though she hated the dress.
(Her revolver was strapped to the outside of her leg and hidden by the skirt of her dress.)
Henri's eyes searched the crowd and found Novak immediately. He was hard to miss. She sighed at the sight of a man resigned to scratching his crotch, seemingly indefinitely. His other hand brushed the thickening stubble of his face, unconsciously. His bored eyes lifted and saw Henri and they instantly jumped to life, filling with excitement, and a wide smile across his lips.
Novak leapt up.
"Henrietta!" he cried out in his gruff tone.
He hugged her and kissed her cheek, leaving a massive smear on her skin.
"Hello, Novak," said Henri, business-like but still overwhelmed by the enthusiastic welcome.
Novak looked behind her.
"Where's Anson?" he asked.
She didn't respond.
A glint of sorrow.
"Oh shucks?" Novak responded, the air from his breath. Neither spoke a moment, then Novak returned from mourning. "Um, sit. Sit." Then, to himself, "How the hell?" Back to Henri: "Sharpe was here a bit ago." They both took a seat, Henri in the chair once occupied by Novak's bare foot. "Maybe a month, not even. He came in - asked me for a few favors, a bunch of supplies to be shipped out to the middle of nowhere, and he asked me to spread word that you were at some whore house. I told him no but he kept saying it would help you. Crazy bastard, said he was plannin' a flytrap-no, no, sandtrap. Get all sides stuck. That'd it help you get home." His breath caught, eager to ask, "And where is your home? How is it so hard for you to get home? And how did Anson know-I mean, when he came in last, he left a black sketch book full of lord knows what - I couldn't make hide nor head of what he put in that book - and he says to me, he says, 'I'm gon' die,' and that I need to hold on to this book of his until you come, and you'll come here after you seent him die. And here you are."
The fact that Anson had left information in some sketchbook caused Henri's heart to skip a beat. This was all she had come for, all she had hoped would exist. Anson's back pocket note had been cryptic: Find Novak, he'll have what you need. Good luck, Saida. P.S. When you see Chaim, tell him he's an old bastard and then you kick that old bastard for me.
"Yeah, here I am," said Henri, reaffirming that she was, in fact, there. "What else did he say?"
"Mainly just stuff about his 'sandtrap' or whatever. Wanted ammo and small arms, bunch of weird stuff, too. Kept talking about how he was gonna pit everyone 'gainst everyone else. Let's-" and Novak raised his hand, signaling someone, "let's get some drinks. Share a drink."
"No alcohol," Henri added.
"Keep your mind sharp?" She nodded. "Hate it. You need ta let loose, always were the most interesting person I ever met. How did?" The barkeep brought over brown liquid in two large glass mugs, served cold. Novak poured Henri's cup into his own and then sent the empty glass back. "How did Anson go out?"
"Went out tough. Bullet through his belly. Bled to death."
"Oh hell." Novak looked over the rim of the mug, holding it paused in front of his lips. He blinked his long dark eyelashes several times. "Poor bastard. Here's to him." Henri received a new mug, filled with water, and they both drank. "Did he succeed?"
"I believe he did," answered Henri. She took another, much longer drink.
Novak did as well.
"Real quick - you still got that metal thing inside your thigh?"
Henri lifted the lip of her dress up her thigh to show the thin, 2 inch metal tube secured to her inner thigh; the very same that had scarred Pastor Rigby Briarwood and freed her of her bonds at the gallows. It had always been her good luck charm, taken at the moment of her abandonment in the west. She kept the metal pressed hard against the skin, so much so that it now felt like an extra appendage, an extra finger, often forgetting about its existence for days and weeks at a time.
"So?" said Novak, eyeing Henri, "?how are you?"
There was a moment when Henri was going to speak but didn't. She sipped from her mug, thoughtfully. Her eyes looked up and back at Novak.
"I'm not sure. It's been?it's been a while since I've been asked. I'm?close?"
"No. You. How are you?"
Her eyes looked into his and, for the first time he could make out just how tired they were. "Sad, mostly. Burdened. Tired." She finished the mug of water and, as she set it down, another fresh, cold mug was immediately brought over to replace it. "Very tired."
Novak watched her face closely. Her eyes were exhausted and there was no smile. For the period he'd known her, she'd always been a serious person; now, however, she was even more solemn, not just serious but sullen, beaten down.
"Do you think you'll be able to make it home?" he asked, hopeful.
"Maybe. I feel like it'll take an army but?yes. I do. In a way, I feel like I already have."
"Do you need help?"
"Yes. I do."
"Well, count me in."
Novak lifted his drink and laughed, cheersing the mug in Henri's hand.
"How are you going to get an army?" he asked.
"I already have one," she answered. "That's the next stop."
He laughed once more, and they both drank.


XI
It was just after nightfall.
"I don't want nothin' scary," Walter was whining.
Andrew stood over the fire, the rest of the kids seated and looking up.
"It ain't gonna be that scary, Walter!"
"Nothing scary," squeaked Walter once more, every bit the tiniest of the bunch.
"Don't be such a coward-ahh!" Andrew jumped, startled by a rustling from the darkness.
All of the kids gasped?
Two mysterious figures took shape, emerging from the darkness, illuminated by the fire. Their faces were wide and rounded and an unnaturally bright red, the features of their eyes caked in the heavy whites and exaggerated black lines of make-up, wild rings extending outward from all around their face.
There was a pause?
And then every kid in the group screamed.
"Hey-wait," Cant called out, removing the mask.
Drewbell had relished the moment a bit longer, pretending to hover like a ghost and pointing at Andrew (which terrified the young man through and through), but she too removed the mask off her face.
The group let out a collective sigh of relief.
"They're called Kabuki masks," Cant explained, holding out the mask. It was alien to the boys, something they had never seen before in any way. Cant handed it to Walter and the boys passed it to one another.
"Don't be such a coward," Cant smiled as he passed Andrew, giving him an encouraging shove. "And I got a story for you gentlemen." He walked around the fire, reaching into a barley sack filled with food to hand to each boy.
And then he sat down, with Drewbell beside him, to tell the story:

*	*	*

Inside the maroon building had been rings of seats around a small stage, and on that stage was a staggering amount of spinning and vibrant, flashing colors and bombastic music. Drewbell presumed it to be a church, as her only experience in theatrics this elaborate was in her trips to Warminster Parish. Cant, on the other hand, had seen a show once, some time ago, when he had been with his uncle in Massachusetts. They had seen a live performance of Grimm fairytales and, afterward, his uncle had taken him and his other children through the park on carriage and then to the soda parlor. It was important because it had been random. It wasn't a reward but a fine evening just for the sake of a fine evening.
Drewbell and Cant quickly scurried into two open seats in a nearby back isle, a miracle considering just how crowded the theater was. From their they watched an elaborate show performed by an all-man troupe, one involving elaborate sets that moved and flailed like paper, and music made with uncommon, high-pitched instruments and loud beating drums, and the storyline was silly and, though spoken in English, sounded quite nonsensical. At no point in time did either child truly understand what is was they were watching. It appeared to be a comedy, involving a group of people stranded on an island, with Gods, but the two sat silently in the back, both often bewildered by the flamboyant production, both watching with mouths agape. The audience was uproarious, some jumping up to holler at the stage (to which the actors onstage would often respond, in character), others applauding at lines of dialogue, and at the end of the show everyone leapt to hoot and holler and clap and scream with joy.
Cant and Drewbell were ready to sneak out when the show had finished, except Cant realized that, if they left, they would have no answers-really, they only had more questions after witnessing the show. So they stayed back near an exit as the crowd piled out, and once the noise dropped down, the young man approached an exiting theater patron and asked, "Do you know where the red rock bends?"
The patron, who was an older woman, looked the boy over with long-weathered eyes and stared into his face, obviously thinking the words over. Cant could tell right off that he hadn't confused her, or asked her something she found ridiculous, but instead that she was measuring her response, deciding how to answer. Instead of speaking, she gave an acknowledging nod and led Cant, with Drewbell close behind (but hesitant nonetheless), toward the stage, where the actors and stagehands were gathered. Those that had been in the play were still wearing their bright garb, spread out across the otherwise empty stage, some stretching, some standing and laughing with others.
"This young man," the woman called up to the group, "wants to know where the red rock bends?"
Then, she promptly turned and left.
At that, the group perked up. Each person - stagehand and actor alike - turned to look square at Drewbell and Cant, all of their faces blank. There was a dead silence that washed over the inside of the maroon building like an ocean.
"Well you found us, Sally," laughed one of the actors, with a feminine voice.
The rest of the men scattered around the stage began laughing, as well.
As if in salute, they all raised their hands and let their wrists fall limp.
Cant and Drewbell remained confused, as they had been for hours now.
"What's?uh, what?what?" Cant muttered.
"Looks like we got another Shakespeare on our hands," joked an actor, the only one to drop his arm and approach the two young'uns. (The rest remained scattered around the stage, their hands in the air hanging limply.) The actor got to the edge of the stage, not two feet from Cant and Drewbell, squatted down to better face them, and spoke in a sing-songy, girlish voice.
"We're the Red Rock troupe, young man," the actor turned back to the crowd on stage, as if taking inventory, "and I guess you could say we all bend from time to time."
"They were a?peculiar bunch," Cant told the boys.
Drewbell smiled.
"Sweetie," the lead actor chuckled to Cant, his voice with a twang of sass, "your info is long outdated."
The Red Rock troupe was gathering theatrical steam as they recited the riddle, sort of working its rhyme out as a group, repeating it and repeating it until they got the words down, the rhythm down, and they could sing the first bit together:

"Go to the place where the Red Rock bends,
50 paces east and then?
Into the valley of green and fend
Through the thicket and pricker
Of the devil's den."

While the troupe continued, linking arms and dancing around, repeating the first part and then beginning to rehearse the second half, the lead actor continued to speak directly with Cant.
"We're the Red Rock troupe but we took our name after this town, and the town changed its name a couple years back. So you're outdated there. And that 'thicket and pricker' business was a huge briar patch a couple miles east but all that got torn down by railroads a bit ago."
"The devil's den?" Cant asked, working out the details of rhyme.
"Pfft," scoffed the actor. "Used to be home to some wildcats, nothin' no fancy six-gun couldn't end. Certainly wouldn't call 'em-whoever set out these directions, they just might be more melodramatic than me."
The actor laughed heartily at his own joke.

"Miles to travel
Nevermore then Ten
Dawn's wait to begin again
Toward the winter's shadow
And Carpatheon, its end."

The Red Rock troupe had finished learning the riddle and rehearsing and choreographing and were circling the stage, stomping in rhythm and singing it in its entirety and dancing round each other arm-in-arm.
"The rest is nonsense, as far as I'm concerned. There's no town of Nevermore, no town of Ten, no Winter's Shadow, no Carpatheon."
They boys lost a bit of their enthusiasm during this bit of the story.
"So what'sat mean?" asked Vernon, unsure how disconcerted he should be.
"I got a baring. Tomorrow we head out. And?we ride, I guess."
Drewbell harrumphed at this news, as riding was not her favorite thing to do.

*	*	*

They rode for days, often singing a song (credited to a young British man named Jake Bug) that Cant and the boys had heard Anson singing as he went about his business in the days before his death:

Met her as the angels parted for her
But she only brought me torture
But that's what happens
When it's you who's standing in the path of a lightning bolt

Everyone I see just wants to walk with gritted teeth
But I just stand by and I wait my time
They say you gotta toe the line
They want the water not the wine
But when I see the signs I jump on that lightning bolt

Chances, people tell you not to take chances
When they tell you there aren't any answers
And I was starting to agree
But I awoke suddenly in the path of a lightning bolt

Fortune, people talking all about fortune
Do you make it or does it just call you.
In the blinking of an eye
Just another passerby in the path of a lightning bolt

It was silent, I was lying back gazing skyward
When the moment got shattered
I remembered what she said
And then she fled in the path of a lightning bolt

Over the several days of riding, a few issues arose.
One night, while Drewbell was sleeping, Andrew and the boys sans Cant thought it would be funny to tease her, so they slowly and carefully draped the end of a rope along her body, gently zigging and zagging it like a snake. Drewbell woke with a startle and yelped and grabbed the rope and tossed it, only to find herself the laughing stock of the rest of the boys. (Cant was out walking, thinking, as he often did at night.)
They had to take many bathroom breaks, forming a line to relieve themselves. Drewbell could be found behind a nearby tree.
They would read stories at night, and ride full-gallop during the day, eager for a sign in the right direction.
One night, after dinner, while Cant was out for his nightly walk and the rest of the boys were seated around the fire, provoking each other and laughing - Drewbell approached the group of young boys and tossed a live ground snake into Andrew's lap-(she had caught it earlier in the day and kept it in a sack for such an occasion)-all of the boys studied the object for a brief moment before realizing it was, in fact, alive, and it was, in fact, a snake, at which point there was an incredible panic and they all jumped up to run screaming into the darkness.
Drewbell laughed until her sides hurt.
And the days continued, riding east, north, south, west, the boys grew more agitated as they had little to show for it, and the money Marielle had given them was beginning to dwindle, and boredom was settling in.
Every night the boys began to argue over what story to read.
"Let's just take a vote," Cant suggested.
"Why? When's the last time we heard about Frankenstein's monster?" Andrew called out. He was always asking for something scary and Cant was never sure if it was because he liked horror, or because it scared Walter and the youngest boys.
Some of the kids booed, calling it, "Boring."
Cant checked the other books he had. They had read the gunslinger tales over and again, so much that they could recite them by heart, and the only books left were the gothic paperbacks he had brought with him from Massachusetts.
"What about Dracula?"
"Nooo," moaned Walter, as it obviously bothered him most.
"It's not like Dracula's out there waiting for us," Vernon called over to Walter.
"What?" Cant asked, stopping to look over the fire at Vernon.
Vernon was still, preparing himself to be reprimanded.
"I said?Dracula's not?out there."
Cant pulled out a copy of Bram Stoker's Dracula (Walter groaned) and looked at the cover a moment. It was a more recent copy and hadn't aged much since he had it, not like his other books, which were falling apart at the spines.
"Does anyone know where Dracula lives?" Cant spoke with both eyes focused on the cover, as if he were asking himself and had forgotten about the others entirely.
"Oh God! Is it around here?" cried Walter.
"No," Cant answered, opening the book. "He lives in Transylvania."
And then Cant was off to wander alone. Drewbell had been nearby, mainly ignoring the story-time argument that had become commonplace, but perked up at the zeal in Cant's voice. She walked after him, rushing until running to catch up. Cant was so lost in thought he didn't even realize he had been followed until she was right behind him, placing her hand on his shoulder. He jumped and turned around as if expecting a monster, then frowned when he saw it was Drewbell.
"What?" she asked, worried.
He threw the book down.
"I keep having ideas but-but none of it matters. It's all wrong, like I'm trying to grab smoke. None of the riddle even exists. We're just running around. And I get an idea but it doesn't-I'm just, I still don't know where the gosh-darn heck Nevermore is or where we can find winter or its shadow but-"
"Maybe we can see up from up on that mountain," she proposed, pointing to the silhouette of the mountain in the distance, lit up in the moonlight. She was trying to be helpful and he took a moment from his frustration to appreciate her.
"Looks mighty cold up there," she added.
Cant's eye narrowed, and then he looked at her with a clarity he hadn't shown in days. It was at that moment he realized three things:
First, Cant realized that it was a beautiful night, with the snow-covered mountain luminescent in the northern horizon, rising like the ear of a wolf?
He also realized that he was in love with the girl standing beside him.
And, lastly, he knew the answer.

*	*	*

Carpatheon was a ghost town.
There were many wooden shops and houses, all of them relatively new, all of them completely void of furniture and residents. Each had the polished appearance of being fully functioning and patron-friendly. When Cant and his brood arrived, the kids kept asking how he had found it. He had kept his plans a secret, to avoid getting their hopes up in case he was wrong, but as soon as they rounded the entrance, he knew he had been right, he knew they had found it. His only answer, whenever they asked over the last day of travel, was that the town had always been there, just well-hidden. Now, as they opened doors in the eerie town to find everything vacant, Drewbell prodded further. They had left the boys out in the front enclave and the two of them were walking through an empty dress shop filled with creepy, lifelike, bared wooden mannequins.
"The truth. You saw the mountain, knew 'winter's shadow' must'a meant the mountain top shadow at dawn. But you got somethin' else. Just before you figured it out, there was somethin' else."
"There was a reference in a book I own."
"Which book?" she asked.
"Dracula."
"Oh good," groaned Drewbell, all the more worried now.
The other stable boys weren't nearby so he hadn't been afraid to answer honestly.
"Guys, I hear music," called Nathan Jr. 2 from out in front.
All nine of the group convened in front to find that music was, in fact, playing in one of the buildings near the end of the street. They approached and found it coming from the two-story shop labeled APOTHECARY. Like the rest of the stores and buildings in the town, this one appeared to be relatively new and completely vacant?
Except, unlike the others, this one had all of its windows open.
"Dracula, huh?" asked Drewbell.
All of the kids slowly turned their heads, each pair of eyes glazed in a fresh coat of terror, all of them staring at Drewbell; then, slowly, they turned back toward the terrifying Apothecary blaring the muffled screeches of an Italian opera. Cant shook his head disapprovingly at her. She noticed the horror on the younger faces and mouthed the word "Sorry" to Cant.
And then Cant alone entered the building.
He found the first floor of the Apothecary to be empty of everything but wooden shelves, counters, and empty glass bottles of various sizes, with a back room void of furniture. There were stairs at the end of a hallway and, as Cant climbed them one by one, the music grew louder. The door at the top was cracked and Cant pushed it open further. The second floor was one large room stocked with round tables and wooden chairs. There was a bar counter with a mirror behind and shelves for liquor yet to be supplied. The other buildings had a small layer of dust but not this room. It was fresh, smelled of pine, and carried a polish. It was dark but for a single candle burning at an empty table on the opposite side of the room.
The phonograph at the end of the bar turned off.
"You know I killed a boy younger than you," spoke a man hidden near the back of the open room. Cant couldn't see the source of the voice, as the man was seated in a chair in the corner and the bar counter obscured everything but a bald cranium with a halo of gray hair.
"I was in a town called Leonding. In Austria. Near the Alps," he continued, and a plum of white smoke lifted into the air overhead as the man must have puffed from a pipe.
Cant approached with uncertainty, cautious with a step, a pause, then another step. Every step gave him a further detail of the speaker. Judicious eyes. Distinguished nose. Gray stubble. Thin lips. He was older, a face of creases and wrinkles.
Cant remained silent as the man went on.
"There was this local couple. Alois and Klara. Sound people, had a bunch of kids. Good parents, hardworking." He cleared his throat. "One day I'm outside and I meet this young, dark-haired boy. Turns out he's one of their sons and he's out there playing in the snow one day, alone. At the edge of this small town. So I walk up to him, curious, and ask him some questions. The young boy, he was quite a bit obsessed with the Franco-Prussian War but otherwise indistinguishable from any other young child."
The speaker's shoulders were wide. Burly. An older man but definitely one with a muscular upper body. He was wearing a white shirt with a cut down the middle, his gray chest hair jutting out. His skin was sun-tanned to a darker brown.
"The boy was polite, actually. Introduced himself. Told me about his family. He had a game he liked to play when he was alone: he'd close his eyes and take a bunch of steps in one direction and he'd count them, and he'd keep his eyes shut and he'd walk in another, count the steps - and it was always a random amount, never the same. And another and another. And he'd see how far he could walk before losing count of the steps in each direction he took. And I asked him to show me. So he started 'Ein, zwei, drei?'
The story seemed to mimic Cant's own movements, as he was counting as Cant took step after step toward him.
"And he'd go farther out. 'Vier, funf, sechs.'"
Cant reached the 6 ft. round table where the man sat. Strewn across the top of the table was a towel, and on top of the towel were a dozen or so guns: tiny ones, large ones, all disassembled with their parts beside them. A chair kicked out from under the table, one a few down from the speaker. Panic had already caused Cant's breath to grow short. He felt warm. There was a pounding in his body from the beating of his heart, a thump-thump-thump he could feel most prominently at the back of his skull, behind his ears. He glanced out the nearest window, one overlooking the street, and could see the stable boys. Andrew, Lewis, Thomas, the Nathans, Vernon, and Walter were in a line outside the Apothecary's, facing the door, ready to race in at the first sound of danger. Drewbell stood in front of them, resolute eyes staring up at the window, her double-barreled shotgun across her arms.
At this, Cant was relieved.
He took the seat offered him.
"'Seiben, acht, neun.' Kid went farther, farther. Far enough away? The blow probably killed him - swift swipe to the back of his skull - but I smothered him in the snow," and a long drag of the pipe, "just to be certain."
The hairy, burly old man stared through the newest plum of white smoke.
Cant finally spoke.
"Are you Chaim Bialik?"
The man only stared.
"How'd you find me?" he finally spat, as if hearing his own name had upset him.
"Henri told me an outdated riddle so, uh, luck. Winter's shadow? It's the western shadow of the mountain at dawn, right? And Carpatheon because it's around the mountain like the town below Dracula's castle, in the Bram Stoker book. You even purchased the land under the name Jonathon Hark-"
"Henri?" inquired the old man.
It had been all he had just heard the boy say.
"Henri Ville wanted me to tell you that she's on her way."
The old man gave an emphatic laugh.
"She thinks she's coming here, does she?" He laughed again, then rose and looked out the window.
"Girl looks tough," he said of Drewbell, checking the reaction of Cant. Cant made no gesture, no expression other than the stern plaster his face had been molded in. The older man tucked in his lower lip and nodded, appreciatively. "Like her, huh?" And he glanced down once more, this time finding the aim of the shotgun pointed up toward the window. "Doesn't seem too bright though." Then, calling down, "That's short range, sweetie. Would barely reach-"
And Drewbell shifted her aim, firing the shotgun into the wall at the far side of the windows, maybe fifteen feet over and above the old man and Cant. There was a wide impact and a large chunk of wood from the building's face blew out. In the gun powder smoke, Drewbell reloaded, but her eyes never left the distant silhouette of the man in the window.
"Goddamn," he chuckled. "I think I like her, too."
The burly old man walked behind the counter of the bar, bent down, picked up glasses and a bottle, and returned to his seat. He set the two glasses next to one another and poured a clear liquid into both. He took one and motioned for Cant to take the other, which he did. Both drank the liquor and neither enjoyed it.
"This-man, if ever there was a reason to keep that weasel Anson around, it was his ability to make a good Goddamn cocktail."
They stared at one another a moment.
The burly old man knocked his fisted knuckles together, thinking. He brushed a hand over the bald top of his head and leaned back.
"So Henrietta's coming here?" he said to himself, "?and she's going to want to be getting home now, won't she?and she's gonna bring that Goddamn storm magnet?" He licked loudly at his teeth behind closed lips, his eyes wandering off.
"She said you'd have answers for me."
The old man harrumphed.
"You were misinformed, kid. I ain't got no answers here. And I think you and your army of bed-wetters best be moving on."
"Can we have a room at the inn?" Cant asked in all seriousness.
"Kid, I ain't sure if you noticed but ain't much else in this town 'sides some wood and a ton'a Goddamn nothing. You're about eight months early."
"What do you mean?"
"Son, you got a blockage in your ear canal? I said it's best you all be movin' on. I meant it and I meant now." And there was a click-click from the hammer of a gun under the table.
Cant nodded.
"And you see Henrietta, you tell her she's gonna need a Goddamn army to get into my town."


XII
Later that night, Henri Ville arrived in Carpatheon accompanied by an army.




AN ARMY FOR THE END OF THE WORLD
I
Jonathon William Beckett the third watched from the back. The crowd had grown considerably since the day before. The front had already filled. More people were entering. It was going to be a packed house. There was sunlight in through the windows - vibrant rays of red and blue and green and yellow through the stained glass - but there was still a murkiness to the church, a low-lying darkness mixed with the air of solidarity. There was the scent of mildew from the wood and body odor from the mass. Chattering. Clanging. People taking their seats. A few people were still entering but the crowd was mostly gathered, and ready. A stillness started in the front of the crowd and quickly spread all the way to the near-full back rows. A man was taking the stage.
"I see a lot of new faces and I do not pretend that it is for my sermon you have come. I do appreciate your attendance and will try my best not to hinder your time but I feel the need - real quick - to tell you a story. About a little boy I found dying on the doorstep of my church?"

*	*	*

Rigby Briarwood had the nickname Nosoul until he was twelve. The other kids teased him, as he wasn't just tiny for his age but also the only freckled redhead in the entire Warminster area. The torment had been going on as long as Rigby could remember but the nickname Nosoul didn't start until he was 8. They used to sing:

Rig-by
Rig-by
Red hair
No soul
Ugly face
Wormy toes

Rigby quickly became self-conscious about his toes, something he had never noticed as wormy or embarrassing until he heard the song. Boys would sing it and nearby girls would laugh. This led Rigby to spend many days alone, often hiding in the labyrinthine cockspur hawthorn forest near his family's farm to write in his notebook. The worst offender was a tall boy named David Browser. As Rigby was tiny, David Browser was big. And this towering figure led the brigade against redheaded Rigby. One day David Browser held him to the ground until Rigby voluntarily ate a grasshopper. A few days later, they made him eat worms until he threw up; then, Rigby cried so hard he wet his pants. It was a story that quickly spread. At times, he felt even the grown-ups were snickering when he passed them.
There has to be a fighter in me somewhere, Rigby used to tell himself.
In their correspondence letters, he would often ask his mother questions about his family, grandparents, details about his father, anything. There would be a gap of one month, sometimes two, and then he'd receive a response. His mother's words were always terse, no matter the subject:
Father be an angel. He never been on Earth long.
Rigby had been alone most of his life. The farm on which he lived was old, the soil useless to an 8 year old. Sometimes a man claiming to be Rigby's uncle on his father's side would come to the house. He would eat the food and sleep on the only mattress. Rigby accepted that this man was family, welcoming him each time the man would show up. Months would pass between visits, and the man stayed on long enough to rest and eat well, and sometimes he took the money Rigby's mom would wire for food. The young boy respectfully did as the man would ask, even if it meant going a few days without food or a bed. After all, the man was family, even if he never could answer the questions Rigby would ask from the doorway of the kitchen. The only time he could talk to the man was while he ate; the rest of the time, the man would be in town or sleeping.
"Your father, huh," the man once answered, finishing the last of the pork.
"Mama says he was an angel an' he ain't been on earth too long cause he's always up in heaven looking down on me and helping me-" Rigby was interrupted at a point when he was starting to feel better. His mama had never said anything about being in heaven and looking down but Rigby felt it was true. It wasn't a story; it was a truth he felt in his bones. It was real, a certainty, and that's the way it was.
"Nah, yer daddy wasn't no angel. And I heard you done pissed your pants the other day," the man laughed, chomping on the last of the vegetables. Rigby had used the small amount of money left and braved the snickers at the general store in order to buy the small amount of veggies and pork.
"The boys made me eat bugs and I threw up and it made me pee," Rigby admitted, ashamedly.
"Yer pathetic, kid. Why ain't there more food? Where's the rest of it?"
"Mama hasn't yet wired money this month."
"Well when she does, you hand it over. You hear? Maybe then I'll tell you about yer dad and how he wasn't no gentleman-"
"Hey!" Rigby scolded.
There was a flush of blood to his face.
It was the first time he had been more angry than afraid.
The feeling was short-lived as a backhand knocked Rigby unconscious?
Rigby came to. The man was asleep on the only bed and it was very late at night. With a lantern in one hand and his notebook in the other, the boy left the house for his forest. Rigby set up a new home over the next few weeks, one made of scraps stolen from a nearby junk heap and held up by tree limbs and branches and rope. Every day he built more, vowing never to return to school. He counted the days until his mother would wire more money and he'd again be able to eat; this time, however, he'd bring it back to his new home, not the old place where his "uncle" might take it. With this decision, Rigby realized that he wasn't sure if the man eating his food and sleeping in his bed was actually related to him. There had been no reason to doubt him, as grown-ups didn't just show up and lie.
Did they?
Rigby got his wired amount in town and decided to hold off on visiting the general store, as there were patrons inside. He walked behind the buildings, where people couldn't see him, and returned to his new home in the forest. As he got comfortable, sketching into his notebook new additions to his home base, he heard a familiar tune:

Rig-by
Rig-by
Red hair
No soul
Ugly face
Wormy toes

Terror flooded Rigby as the back portion of his newly made home began to shake. More voices joined in the singing, some of them girls:

Rig-by
Rig-by
Dirt boy
No soul
Stink bug
Wormy toes

There was more shaking, all of the kids chanting:
"Nosoul! Nosoul! Nosoul!"
A new round of embarrassed giggling. Surprised yelps from the girls. The sound of a stream of liquid on the roof. A horrid stench.
"Now you should feel more at home, Nosoul!" laughed David Browser.
They always spoke the name No Soul so fast that it had long been one word.
Rigby crawled out of the home he had been building for weeks just as it collapsed. Again, anger took over. He heard himself whispering, "My father's an angel," over and over and over, but he wasn't doing it consciously. There were several kids waiting behind the strewn branches and sheets of scrap. David Browser was laughing, his back to Rigby. They assumed he was still in the hut, struggling under the debris. The young child rushed at David Browser and a brief fight broke out between them.
In the end, Rigby lost the money his mother had sent for food.


II
Not Long Ago?

"I AM NO DEMON!" Henri Ville screamed at the silent, bewildered congregation as the wounded Pastor Rigby Briarwood - whimpering, face profusely bloody from the gash - ran past the Warminster Parish and off into the distance. There was a gathering wind, one ominously cycling in the fields behind the gallows on which Henri was standing. "I am the Angel of MERCY and you have all forsaken me! All of you!" Hatred filled her voice. "Bring me my guns! NOW!" And someone in the back ran off. "You have shown me that you are not worthy of my LOVE and KINDESS. And so I release a storm like that which destroyed Seraphim Falls, and it will swallow this church for its BLASPHEMY!" The sky grew darker as she spoke, her loud voice and harsh words carrying over the mounting rush of the winds. "John 13 verse 34 - A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another. John 8 verse 7 - Let the one among you who is without sin be the first to cast a stone. Matthew 7 verse 12 -Do unto others as you would have them do unto you."
No one spoke, even as the storm across the fields grew exponentially worse with each passing second. The winds were climbing, the sky near black.
Henri climbed down the front of the gallows and into the crowd, which backed away from her in a circle. As she moved, so did the crowd, keeping her in the center. Her belt and holsters were still on and, as a man returned with her guns (ducking into the circle only to quickly jump back as if it burned), Henri slid her shining guns into their rightful place?though the crowd and winds and panic caused a blanket over the sound she so dearly loved, gun metal sliding along leather.
And the storm twisted, taking the form of a tornado.
"Now run, you IDIOTS!" she yelled.
Finally, the people scattered.
Henri made a direct path toward the tree-line over a mile off. Her speed was unmatched by the others but glancing back to check the tornado, she found the entire congregation following her. Disbelief filled her and she ran faster, making the tree-line in a five-minute mile. Her body hurt from running, dehydrated. Her chest was pounding. The storm was circling the farm and tearing up every piece of wood, every hunk of root and glass. The imported, red clay adobe lifted in a single, unbroken piece. The land and farm were disintegrated, all of it spiraling in a maelstrom toward the outer atmosphere as if sand in some bizarro reverse hourglass. Henri smiled as the wooden silo shredded like ash: first, the doors were pulled off by the wind and tossed like two weightless discuses; the top portion of the silo fell over but didn't hit the ground, instead half-laying on its side as the wind and support beams tried to keep it balanced; and then every bit was ripped apart by invisible claws.
Henri had stopped to gleefully (but nonetheless silent and stern-faced) watch the church crumble before heading deeper into the forest. And, for the rest of the day, she was lost - traveling further, backtracking, changing her course west. She had no gear, no food, no tent, nothing. As night fell, the path grew treacherous, blinding, the forest a black that was nearly impossible to traverse without walking into a tree or stumbling over rocks in the ground. But Henri didn't rest and she didn't slow, navigating with both hands and careful steps until she finally came upon a series of lights in the distance. Approaching with caution, she found the lights to be farther than originally estimated. There were so many individual fires - lamps, campfires, torches - that she had seen the glow before the actual flames.
And closing in, she heard a familiar sound.
Children as a choir of angels singing:

Simply, simply, as a little child;
Simply, simply, spirit meek and mild.

In our weakness He is strong;
In despair He is our song;
It is with thankful hearts our praise to Him belongs,
As He wraps His arms around us in love.

Jesus loves me; this I know, for the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to Him belong; they are weak but He is strong.
Yes, Jesus loves me; yes, (In my heart I know) Jesus loves me;
Yes, (I know) Jesus loves me; the Bible tells me so.


III
Henri Ville finished vomiting in the blind corner between the dentistry and Apothecary in an alleyway toward the back of the town of Carpatheon. She wiped her mouth and lowered the bandana back over the lower half of her face. She seldom left the Apothecary anymore, mainly observing the comings and goings of the town from a second floor window, all while speaking at length with Chaim. Through that window, Henri watched Carpatheon transform in just a single week. What was once a ghost town now overflowed with bright spirits as her followers set up their stake or left to gather more supplies, more people, always more. The stable boys from the Catlight Infinite would often skitter past, playing in the crossways and running between the buildings. The boarding house was full. The new blacksmith clanged his iron daily. The candle maker had to hire not one but two extra people (Nathan Jrs. 1 & 2) in order to meet demand. One of the biggest draws was the pool hall and a man named Roger Avery Daniels. He was a renowned pool shark and professional scoundrel. Once word spread of a new town, Daniels arrived like a locust, his sole intention to win buckets of cash by skill, swindle, or snatch. Chaim could smell scandal on the man and kept an eye on the consistently packed pool hall, serving as an intermediate lawman until the sheriff's office could find suitable (sober) volunteers. The other big draw was Chaim's Saloon. When he wasn't patrolling the streets or talking at length with Henri on the second floor of the Apothecary, Chaim was teaching any willing listener the game of Texas Hold'em.
And then came the night that a flock of beautiful prostitutes?
Word reached them beauties when Cant sent word to the Catlight Infinite (by proxy, sending Andrew and Vernon in his stead) to inform Marielle that all the boys had reached their destination, that everything was fine, and that they had no plan to return just yet. Since the brothel itself was being reconstructed root and stem, Marielle heard this news and decided to pack. With all of the women accompanying her (as well as Pellsley Grant and H.S.), they left for the town of Carpatheon.
Upon their arrival, Marielle and the ladies found themselves overwhelmingly welcomed into the town. They originally planned to stay a short bit before returning to oversee the brothel's renovations (they had recently come into a fair amount of money and were investing in massive improvements, this time hiring contractors to do the manual labor) but changed their minds after Chaim promised sufficient employment as barmaids and dancers, in addition to their natural occupation (if they felt so inclined to return to it). Them beauties that decided to stay (almost all of them except for the French girls, who felt uncomfortable around so many westerners) agreed to free room and board until the end of a month, when renovations on their brothel would be completed.
The only thing Chaim's Saloon lacked was a steady supply of top-shelf booze, as all liquor had to be shipped in hand-over-fist to meet demand and, even then, it quickly dwindled?and it was at his most hopeless over the situation that Chaim stumbled on a quiet shop-owner that had arrived with them beauties. The pudgy, wounded man had gained widespread popularity for his homemade whiskey back home and, after hearing this, Chaim excitedly offered to build a distillery and let the man oversee all future production of alcohol for the town. (It was by happy coincidence that the shop owner was looking to relocate his shop and distillery after suffering a gunshot wound he wouldn't expound on.)
Aside from the construction of the distillery, a large amount of Carpatheon's occupants devoted time to building a new, expansive church. (This had been an oversight: as a former Jew that long ago renounced his faith, Chaim forgot to build a place of worship.) The stable boys had also begun pleading a diversion of manpower to erect a barn so they could resume, once again, running and maintaining a stable. After many days and a lot of "Scat!"s from grumpy old Chaim, the boys' persistence finally succeeded (especially when they enlisted the help of them beauties). By the end of a week, construction had begun in some form or another on everything from the distillery and church to extra outhouses and an unnecessary barn, and Chaim even put the cross-dresser Novak in charge of fixing an old steam generator and the goal to supply power to the town by year's end.
With so much to offer, the town of Carpatheon had one major weakness: the barbershop run by a brother and sister, neither of whom had any experience whatsoever. Jokes of their atrocious haircuts spread, including several hand-written notes on the billboard over the store:

DONALD & ROSIE'S HAIRCUTTERY
FOR THE BEST LOOKING HAIR IN CARPATHEON
?ASK DIRECTIONS TO THE NEAREST TOWN
?FORCE YOUR HAIR TO STOP GROWING
?BALD SOLVES ALL

Aside from that one slight hiccup, the town was ideal. An occasional drunk would get thrown out of a bar or a fight would erupt over cards or a pool hustle would cause a ruckus but no one drew weapons, at least not after that first night.
Carpatheon was a world away from where it had been just one week earlier?


IV
A lot of guns were drawn.
Henri Ville had approached and Chaim Bialik welcomed her by pointing a gun at her heart. She didn't flinch or draw or move. Her eyes remained narrowed and focused. Her face was covered in a red handkerchief, over which lips had been sloppily drawn on in rouge makeup. She didn't have to care about his gun. There were plenty guns aimed right back at Chaim:
Children - three on one side and four on the other - already had guns drawn and pointed up at his face;
The young man he had spoken with earlier stood just behind him and pointed a weapon into the small of his back;
His girlfriend had a shotgun hovering around his ear to the left;
An adult male wearing a lace-frilled dress had a gun occupying each hand to his right;
And behind Henri, and the kids, were a mob of people, most of them armed.
At the moment, there were literally more gun barrels aimed to end Chaim's life than he could count. Because it was night and hard to decipher details - as the single source of light came from the torches of the mob - Chaim could only make out a small portion of the crowd, mostly just tired and angry faces and cocked firearms. One thing he could determine: dangerous soldiers these people were not, more like a worn down, well-armed church social. His eyes checked the empty stores for hidden shooters. (Some of the younger kids followed his gaze.) The empty stores were quite ominous in complete darkness. Windows were the dark eyes of despondent faces. Front doors opened into infinite black space. And the silence was maddening. Stillness from the crowd. Even the torchlight ceased flickering and became a constant. Somewhere in the back, a lone hammer clicked back. Silence. Someone stifled a cough. More silence.
Finally, Chaim pointed his gun off Henri's heart and up into the air.
"You're an old bastard," Henri Ville told Chaim Bialik as she kicked him in the shin.
The old man grunted, bending at his rickety hips to rub his leg.
"That was from Anson Sharpe."
Chaim stood straight and rolled his neck, flexing it and cracking it. The two motions were contradictory; the first, a crotchety, grumbling old man rubbing his leg; then, a tireless fighter. His eyes were a dark brown. The crinkles on his forehead crinkled more.
"Well then," Chaim scoffed.

*	*	*

Drewbell had seen her family in the crowd while she held a shotgun to the back of an old man's head. The night had been dark and the crowd had arrived, Henri Ville leading, and Drewbell had been drawn into a confrontation before she understood quite what was happening. Her gaze had drifted in those moments and there they were, her brother and younger sister and mother and father, standing amidst the thicket of faces. There were others that were familiar but she only stared at her family, and Cant noticed. After things calmed, and Henri and the old man (named Chaim) disappeared to talk, Drewbell approached her parents, brother, and sister for a brief acknowledgement.
They had arrived with Henri Ville, of all people.
The crowd dispersed in all directions to explore the dark town while Drewbell's family came together in the dirt street. No one showed much enthusiasm. Little Susan Marcy May asked, in a harsh tone, "Where you been at?" while her brother lovingly shoved her shoulder, passing to explore the desolate town with the others. Her mother showed the most emotion, wiping dirt off Drewbell's face with a smidgen of saliva. And her father rubbed his belly, re-asking, "Yeah, so where you been at, girl?"
"I was kidnapped," Drewbell answered emotionlessly.
"Well? good to see you're alright," her mother nodded, standing beside her husband and crossing her long arms over the low neck of her young daughter. The three of them faced Drewbell. Cant was standing a few feet behind, observing the situation as if he were watching the interactions of a pack of wild animals. He didn't understand why they didn't embrace. He didn't understand why the family faced her at a slight distance, or why her brother merely pushed her. He had never really had a family, the closest being his uncle. Even then, his first memories were of grey rafters and a hatred of doodling. But, in stories, families had always sounded wonderful. Caring. He would hear stories from the other boys about parents, how they supplied chocolate candies and presents and warm, forgiving love.
Not Drewbell's, though.
They spoke a few short words and then her parents headed off.
Before disappearing with them, Susan Marcy May walked over to stare up at Cant.
"Who's this boy?"
No one else seemed to notice him.
"He's my?" and she looked back at Cant, thinking of a term, "?He's mine. Just as I'm his."
The little one seemed perplexed and then left to wander alone.
"Is that what being in a family's like?" he asked, still a bit baffled about the encounter he had just witnessed.
Drewbell nodded.
"Yup."


V
The young child Rigby Briarwood had fainted in the doorway of a church many miles away from home. He once heard that churches might sometimes take in children, feed them or help them, something. When he arrived, he hadn't eaten in three days. The doors were shut and locked. He tried to wait but, when he went to lean against the door, his body gave way and he fell to the ground, unconscious.
"The first demon I ever saw," spoke Pastor Briarwood to the rapt congregation, "was a boy named David Browser when I was twelve. You see, on my twelfth year I had been so neglected, so forgotten, that I actually died. I died at the doorway of a church, of this church. As a child I had always been weaker, skinnier, tinier. That boy died on the steps outside a church. When I was found, it wasn't medicine that brought me back. It wasn't? it wasn't a doctor or magic that brought me back. It was God. I was found by a man of God and brought into a house of God and I. Was. Resurrected."
Some of the crowd cried softly.
Some were rocking back and forth.
Some whispered "Amen" after nearly every sentence Pastor Briarwood spoke.
"As I speak, it is not as a prophet. I am a man-of-God. He put? he put just the tiniest miracle of light inside me, and it brought me back, gave me reason. I have followers - many now."
As an aside, he quickly added, "Together we're taking a spiritual journey but we'll talk about that later."
Then he began walking the center isle between the pews.
He looked at the worshipers.
"I was twelve years old when I died, and it wasn't until I came back that I had strength, will, focus and determination, and it was at that age that I began to see demons."

*	*	*

Twelve year old Rigby Briarwood returned to the town of Warminster, and the townspeople knew. Word spread quickly, much like the tales mocking him had passed rapidly from lip to ear to lip.
Only now the stories were different.
Before returning home, Rigby telegrammed his mother and asked for a specific sum of money. He got home and found his supposed uncle gone (but not before the man took all the food, even the few cans Rigby had stashed in case of an emergency). Food had been donated to him while he recuperated at the church and he stocked his shelves with vegetables and oats and new cans and jerky. The town from which he had come had been very generous, especially after young Briarwood spoke to them. The resident of the church - the Man of God -encouraged Rigby to speak of his past to the parishioners while recovering in the church's bell tower. The young boy had been shy?but after some time he noticed things weren't the same here. He was in a different town, surrounded by people that didn't know how embarrassing his toes were, that didn't snicker behind his back, that didn't harass him; in fact, they all seemed to care for his well-being, which was refreshingly new. They wished him well when he passed, and smiled. So he spoke to the town's people, only once, one Sunday. He stood at the pulpit of the church and described his death, how it had felt - that there was warmth, that it was like a soft blanket wrapping around him. He was hesitant to tell them that he felt different inside, that some part of him had changed ever since? but he did, he pushed himself through it and told the congregation as much as he could, often stopping to search for words as it was hard to explain that there was a heaviness inside him now, one that hadn't been there before, that his brain was thinking in both the same way and also from a new part (in the back of his skull, it felt like), that the world had more shades of color and that the wind passed knowledge through him. He was focused now. He had God inside him. After he finished, everyone spoke a solemn "Amen" and the church was silent?
It wasn't long after his return that Rigby again encountered David Browser. It was isolated, near the forest, and Rigby was pacing and writing a sermon in his notebook. David Browser hadn't known Rigby was in town until the moment he saw him, and he hungrily approached. The scuffle would be described at length to the church parishioners when Rigby returned to the town far from home, and spoke once again at the church that had welcomed him, to the people that had welcomed him. With such an impressive first speech and overwhelming praise, the Man of God saw immeasurable potential and had made the boy promise to come back and speak every third Sunday. The Man of God even hired an extravagant coach to chauffeur Rigby from Warminster to the church and back again. The first time Rigby rode through the town in the lavish coach, on his way out of town, he passed his peers and their parents, and they watched in disbelief.
And Rigby gave them a humble nod in return.
"When he touched me, I truly saw him. David Browser, when he grabbed my arm, I saw him for what he was," Rigby spoke, twangs of fear and pain inflected in his young voice. As good as his first attempt had been, his second was much better. For three weeks he prepared it, rehearsed it, wrote and rewrote and practiced more. His encounter with David Browser had been brief, starting as it always did, but it reshaped the entire sermon. A mocking song while Rigby's book was knocked from his hand. David Browser grabbed Rigby's frail arms and, in the instant David Browser's touched the skin of Rigby's arm, the freckled redhead shrieked so loud that David Browser startled. There was a moment of harsh shaking in an attempt to stop the screaming but it served to further exacerbate the problem.
"I didn't know what was happening," explained young Rigby to the church parishioners. "He touched me and then I saw? I saw something? I saw everything?" and he paused. It was a pause he had planned and rehearsed, manipulating the crowd to want more. They were watching, their eyes intent and mouths open as they starved for the meat of the story. They wanted any of it, all of it, even the crumbs.
Before he spoke, Rigby held up a sketch.
The crowd gasped as one.
Then he spoke:
"It was like the mountain in a deep nightmare. I didn't just see him but the world in which he existed. The sky was black, and it wasn't like night. Ashes were raining down. There weren't stars. Just black. The ground was wet like mud but it was dark red, and boney, too, like hollow rocks." Rigby's eyes glazed over, as if recalling it were seeing it again-this had been rehearsed more than any other part. "And there was a mountain and I could see it very clearly like I was there and staring up at it. But it wasn't a mountain. Not really. Maybe it was the size of a mountain but it wasn't made of earth or anything I've ever seen. It had narrow, beady eyes and scabbed arms with hands the size of a town. He wasn't clothed and I could see that it wasn't a boy and it wasn't a girl. Its legs were longer than any tree I've ever seen. This beast, he didn't see me. He was reaching his clawed fingers - fingers shaped like knives from the knuckle - and he was reaching up into the black overhead, so far up I couldn't see. And there was nothing else around. Like this was his lair, him and I and a ground of blood and sky of black and that was all? but I could still hear screaming, human screaming. Agonizing screams mixed with words I could barely understand, begging over and over to stop, to-to-to end, to forgive."

*	*	*

"I told the church of the first demon I had witnessed, in great detail. There would be many demons I would see in my lifetime but the first was the most terrifying, the worst I would ever encounter-until recently, that is. And I told the church of this demon, that he was destroying life, that he existed only to cause pain and suffering in the lives of better people." He sighed as if disappointed. "I didn't tell them what to do. They were listening to my stories, not taking part in them. But in time, between that sermon and my next, David Browser disappeared out of thin air. There was worry and panic that he had run off. But I learned otherwise. I was the one to find him. His disappearance had been a mystery to me as much as my hometown but I was walking in the forest where I wrote my sermons, pacing and writing, and I near walked into him."

*	*	*

The young Rigby Briarwood stared up at the lifeless body of David Browser as it swung with the gentle breeze. David's eyes were still open and his bloated tongue stuck from his mouth. His skin was a greenish blue. The stench was intolerable but it didn't stop Rigby from getting close. He looked the body over, the feet dangling barely off the ground. Rigby showed only a fraction of the delight he felt inside, his expression otherwise calm.
I knew there was a fighter in me, he thought.
And the young Rigby Briarwood softly mumbled "Amen" as he unzipped the front of his pants to relieve himself on the corpse.


VI
There was a brief meeting between Henri and Chaim.
It took place on the second day.
"I need your help," Henri stated, matter-of-factly.
"The hell do I care?"
"I could walk outside without a cover on my face."
"You wouldn't endanger the lives of all these people."
"I wouldn't need to. These people are dumb. And they've seen what I can do. I'd just tell them you're a demon. Or a spaghetti monster, whatever. They'd run as far from here as possible."
"I don't like to be threatened."
"Good, 'cause I don't like to threaten. I need your help. Think of it as a challenge. I can't imagine you got many things to occupy yourself with out here. By the way, I just brought you an entire town of people with money. And trades."
"I didn't need a-"
"This isn't a pissing contest and I'm not looking for a 'thank you.' I had an idea. I think it'll work. If it does?we might be able to get home. At the very least I'll be able to walk around without a Goddamn mask."
"Oh." Chaim rolled his eyes.
"I had an idea. It's pretty simple. Take maybe two, three weeks and then I'm out of your hair."
"Do I have a choice?"
"You do have a choice. It's just that all of the other options are threats. And since neither of us like it, why don't you just hear me out?"
Pause.
"What's your idea?"

*	*	*

Three days later and they nearly had a plan?
"You're on your own with this. It's Greek to me."
Nearly?
Chaim tossed Anson Sharpe's notebook toward Henri, who picked it up off the table. "I might be able to do it," she sighed, flipping through page after page of lines intersecting lines within boxes and tiny designs and scribbled labels.
They were all in the Apothecary, Henri, Novak, and Chaim.
Chaim conducted all of his public business at the poker table in the saloon and all of his private business in the empty second floor barroom of the Apothecary. He liked sitting in the farthest corner of both buildings, his back always against the wall.
"I'll stick to what I know," Chaim grunted, then thought a moment. "First thing's first, we need to confiscate all the metal in town."
"Why's that?" asked Novak. He was wearing a skin-tight purple dress.
Chaim refused to let the hairy cross-dresser sit at the table so Novak stood.
"Well," Chaim spoke, condescendingly, "from what Henri's said, we're going to need a lot of magnetite, right?"
Novak nodded, pretending to understand.
"Yeah, mag-magnet-ite?"
"Mag-ne-tite," he spoke as if talking to a child, "it's highly magnetized. You know what a magnet is?"
Again, Novak nodded without fully understanding.
Henri sat at the table, ignoring the conversation. She focused on the diagrams in Anson's notebook, judiciously scrutinizing every detail. Once she felt an understanding of it, she'd begin reproducing each and every schematic until she could reproduce them from memory. She needed to know it like the back of her hand. Reproduction was the way she learned best, the technique she used most frequently for tests in college. Over and over and over, until she knew every detail. Then and only then would she be willing to physically try and put the information contained in his notebook into practice.
"So you're going to collect all the metal in the town?" Novak asked, skeptical and a bit angry at being treated like a child.
"Yes. That's what I said. Did you fix the generator yet?"
The rotund steam generator was in the far back of the property, a couple dozen yards out behind the shops. It looked like a giant, spidery monster, even in the morning light.
"It's on my list of things to do," Novak remarked, sarcastically.
"Oh? And you haven't found a metric ton of magnetite yet?"
"A metric??-Where am I going to find a ton of mag-magne-magnite?"
Chaim gave an aggravated sigh.
Their relationship had blossomed in this way since the moment they met.
"That's your job, Novak, it's why you're here, why you are in any way useful. Because you can get things," spat Chaim. "Now go fix that generator and get me my Goddamn mag-ne-tite."
Novak gave a defeated nod and silently left.
"You don't need to be so mean," Henri said to Chaim once Novak was gone. Her words were half-hearted, as her attention remained on the drawings in Anson's notebook.
"Well?" Chaim began as if he had been compiling a list to defend himself against such an accusation, "I'm not a fan of cross dressers. They make me uncomfortable. And he was a friend of that ass-head Anson Sharpe, which means he's probably an idiot. I don't need more idiots in this town."
Henri's eyes lifted from the notebook, slowly. She had a lethargy about her that Chaim had never seen before, not just a calmness but almost sluggish. It wasn't just exhaustion but something a bit more?
"Novak's wife died of tuberculosis a few years ago," she informed him in a way that sounded as if the information didn't much matter-and then she winced, quickly, her fist clenched?and then her eyes returned to Chaim. "Dresses help him deal with it. Every dress he wears used to be his wife's so, maybe cut him some slack. He's not an idiot. And, by the way, Sharpe's dead. Bled to death in my arms. I'd prefer we refrain from talking about him."
Chaim had little to say on either subject after that.
He carefully watched Henri, studying her as she went back to flipping through Anson's notebook. Standing, he walked to the bar and pulled out a clean glass and one of the few liquor bottles he kept stored on the second floor of the Apothecary. He sipped from the bottle (it was awful and he winced) and then walked over to Henri, set the glass down, poured two fingers, and offered her the glass.
She shook her head.
"Since when do you turn down a drink?" he asked, suspiciously.
She shrugged.
"You know?" and he paused, picking his words carefully, "I didn't want you here because I was afraid you'd destroy my town, kiddo. Nothing personal. And being alone?sort of makes things?a bit crazy. Crazier, actually. But, honestly? I?I actually missed you-well, missed a familiar face. Part of me is glad you're here."
"Part of you?"
"Well, part of me. The rest thinks you're going to destroy my town and get me killed?"
There was a nod of understanding between both parties.
Henri stopped looking at the notebook.
Something had caught her eye.
It caught Chaim's attention as well.
Henri's hand was shaking.
"What's wrong?" Chaim asked in a fatherly tone.
Henri glanced up with wounded eyes.
"What's wrong?" he repeated.


VIII
Not Long Ago?

Anson Sharpe finished cooking dinner. The spring cockspur hawthorn trees had provided a good shield for the fire and any seekers of the great Henri Ville would have a hard time finding them. Also, local attention would be diverted to the pile of twigs and broken glass that had once been the nearest town. Anson plated the rabbit meat and untied one of Jonathon William Beckett the third's arms so the boy could eat. Henri seemed ready to protest but didn't. They ate in silence. Dinner ended. There was a brief discussion about untying both of the kid's hands so he could sleep better but Henri outright denied it, and Jonathon's free hand was again tied behind his back. Conversations halted. The child fell asleep sitting up against the tree. Anson drank brown liquid from an unmarked bottle. Occasionally, he would pass it to Henri and she would take a swig and shudder. Four or five swigs later, she stopped shuddering. The flames had long-since died and Anson poked the embers out of boredom. The red/orange glow was lowering and darkness corralled the camp. The forest beyond was black, an open void. Limbs and trunks were invisible. Henri took another swig and returned the bottle.
"Why did you leave me?" Anson asked as he took the bottle.
Henri exhaled in a long, tired sigh.
"Please don't start, Anson. I just want to rest."
"Yet here you are, sitting up. Drinking with me. It's like old times. Drinking together by a dying fire. You being mean. Hell, you may even be meaner now than before. Still got an anger problem. I see you saved a kid so you give a shit about someone?just not me, right? Is that how it works?"
"Do you really want to get into this right now?"
"Yeah."
"Well I d-"
"I've thought about you every day since you left me. I don't-I know. You and I, I got it. I understand. It doesn't equate. We. Don't. Add. Up. And you're so tired, fine - you can just listen. But you cannot take away my Goddamn love for you and you can hear me out. You owe me that. Always try to control things and fight and you get wrapped up in pain-well, I care for you. I don't want anything bad to happen to you. You're a tempest and you bring so many Goddamn storms with you its not even ironic or metaphoric anymore - it's sad. You? I mean, everyone's to blame for this. We robbed banks - and a lot of good that did. All the money in the world and we still couldn't stop this from happening or even build the small amount of tech we need. All of us broke protocol - hell, Chaim killed Hitler. It's all of our fault we're stuck here now. It's all of our fault that goddamn Droit is searching for you. We all volunteered, we all knew the risk, and none of us followed the rules."
"I volunteered for something much different than this. There's only one person to blame. You want to talk protocol-"
"Share a little blame, my dear. Your ex didn't make all of your decisions for you."
Anson took a hard swig from the bottle.
"I care about you, Anson," added Henri after a silence. Anson was taking a swig and he rolled his eyes over the upturned bottle as she continued. "You know I care. And I'm mean-" She took the bottle and swallowed a mouthful. "Yes, I know. I can be mean as all hell. I'm sorry. But sometimes you deserve it. You have no will power. I'm pretty sure your standards for women are limited to: a) female and b) breathing. You're a bigger whore than any prostitute I've met. At least they know what they are. You hide it and you hid it from me. We were never serious because we couldn't even get to that point because you couldn't keep your fly zipped long enough. You don't have a monogamist bone in your body. And now what? What do you want from me? Are we going to get married? Settle down? Why don't we just live through the world wars Chaim can't prevent and everything'll work out peachy keen, huh?"
Anson went for the bottle but Henri kept it out of his reach.
"Fair enough. But when we were together, and you were with me, and I wanted you, the only think you wanted - the only thing you'll ever want - is home. More than anything else, ever." Anson sighed. "Guess what? We are home."
"No. I'm going home. And I figured out how."
"Yeah? Magic? How are you going to replace the circuit board?"
"I'm going to bring down the Droit."
Anson laughed.
"Yeah? How?"
"Just answer this - if I got the Droit to land intact, could you fix the shuttle?"
"Oh, sure-sure-sure. Just get it to land. Why didn't I think of-Let's see? We got a homicidal atmospheric quantifier that's been reprogrammed and now has its switches set to murder - something it's absolutely not built for, which means it could be frying its chips already - we just ask it nicely to land? Even if it is in good shape, it still stays a mile up at all times and we have no aircrafts to try and board it. There's no artillery or land-to-air missile or giant slingshot so there's no weapon to shoot it down because everything here is two hundred years outdated-and even if we did, the tech would burn out from the damage or the crash. And even if you did hit it, and it did begin to fall apart, it's programmed to fly back into the atmosphere and self-destruct. So to answer your question - yes, with all of the hardware in the Droit at my disposal, I could fix everything we need to fix."
Henri stayed quiet, then swigged from the bottle and handed it back.
Anson reached over to take it from her hand but Henri held tight and a tug-of-war ensued that was neither playful nor hostile. There was a change in Henri, like rejuvenation, a willingness to participate; there was a change in Anson and a weary sadness washed over him. Something in the back of his mind told him that his time with Henri was very limited? it was the same voice that reminded him death was approaching. Sometimes these messages (spoken with certainty in his head by his own voice) would be accompanied by dream-like images. Every new day brought more muscle to the certainty and more clarity to the hazy, ethereal pictures.
You will see her again, once more, and then you will-
The voice didn't finish.
Instead, a single vision overtook Anson, a waking dream:
Henri was a fluorescent white. He could smell her and it reminded him of the bath soaps his mother had used when he was a young boy. She was wrapping herself around Anson-he was lying in her lap-and her skin felt like warm silk. In that moment, he understood this to be dying. Henri was speaking softly, calmly? She was telling him to sleep. He couldn't make out every word but he heard love and lay and my little backscratcher (which was something his grandmother always called him as a child, on account of his affectionate back rubs). The warmth of Henri's body poured inside of him, rising from his feet, and this was dy-
And then he snapped out of it.
Henri was wrapped around him. Her coarse lips were kissing his, and the smell of bath soap was replaced with sweat and smoke. Anson was over Henri. (He had climbed onto her but didn't notice, wasn't exactly conscious, until?) He laid her back, his fingers running through her hair, truly feeling every blonde strand. He pushed himself up to stare in her eyes and make certain this was real-then he was close again, holding her tight against him, their lips together. The skin of her hands searched him, eager to reach under cloth and feel the skin of someone else, the warmth of another human body. (It had been a long time since Henri embraced another with such passion. Anson, on the other hand, had been with a many girls in an effort to forget Henri, but it had never worked out that way; it only ever made him miss her more.) They made love in the darkness, away from camp. The grass was soft like a comforter, and he stayed on top of her. The night was so prevalent that, inches apart, they could barely see the features of each other's face. Their other senses were heightened. His warm breath - shallow, a kiss, shallow, a nibble - and then tasting the sweat of her bare chest. Her hips were fluid and she crossed her legs over Anson's bare backside. His hands reached back, behind her and up, grabbing her shoulders and pinning her even closer. She gave the gooseflesh of his neck a dozen tiny moans and sensual kisses. He kissed her hard, grunting, and Henri pulled her nails across his back, tilting her chin back, both of them moaning?
When it was over, they laid side-by-side on the grass.
"Some things don't change," Henri said between deep, heavy breaths.
There was a pause.
"Was this our goodbye, Saida?" Anson asked.
"What?" She was concerned why he would ask that. "No. Remember, I need you."
"No, you don't need me. You just need some information I happen to have. And I'll make sure you get it. I'll do my best to help you get home, Henrietta, but I can't go with you."
"Where are you going?"
Anson was standing, dressing. The melancholy had returned. He would miss her again, he knew.
"Um? I need to use the bathroom," he lied.
"Don't get lost."
He blindly felt around and found his bottle.
It was utterly black where they were.
Before heading off, he spoke once more into the darkness:
"I love you, Henrietta, and I'm sorry for every bad thing that's happened between us. I'm sorry you can't love me, and I'm sorry I'm a womanizer and that it hurt you. I'm not always gonna be around but I'll always love you. Wherever you are. Wherever you go."
The darkness didn't respond.


IX
Jonathon William Beckett the third was excited. Pastor Rigby Briarwood was ending his sermon. It had started as a recap of his origins for the newer members and ended with a speech on the idea of acceptance, specifically what should be tolerated and what should not. This was the part that excited Jonathon most because Pastor Rigby Briarwood used this time to talk about the vile Henri Ville, a demoness whom Jonathon had once met, something that Jonathon hated with every ounce of blood in his body. She had murdered his father. She had attacked this man of God. Anson Sharpe had been alright even though he had been its friend (or maybe just acquaintance) and the Pastor never spoke negatively of Anson. Henri, on the other hand, was a demoness sure as Jonathon was a nine-year-old human boy; even he had sensed it.
Jonathon had even informed the Pastor that he, too, could sense Henri Ville was a demon a few nights after Pastor Briarwood had saved his life from the chaos and gunfire and sin of The Catlight Infinite. Jonathon had initially been terrified, as the Pastor's face was a marred mess of wounds (a gash up his face, an eyeball rotting out of his skull), and the terror was followed by two surprises: Jonathon's breathing had grown shallow, as it always had when he was scared, but it hadn't done it again since; and the Pastor had been very calm, sweet, even fatherly, repeatedly telling the child that he was safe and that there was no intention of harm. (Jonathon didn't remember the events from Warminster Parish because he had been unconscious, though the Pastor did briefly apologize for assuming the worst of the boy's soul, affirming that the boy was on the right side with the Lord). The only thing Pastor Briarwood wanted from the boy, at least initially, was the location of Henri Ville, and all Jonathon William Beckett the third answered as best he could and then he would be free to do whatever he wanted. As Jonathon couldn't remember any moment inside Pastor Briarwood's church during Henri's "sentencing", there was a high level of enthusiasm from the boy when he learned that the Pastor was searching for Henri so that he could send her back to hell. Jonathon told Pastor Briarwood the story of his kidnapping, how Henri murdered his father in cold blood and stole him out of his room, dragging him against his will into the forest so that she could berate and yell and threaten him. He told the Pastor how he had bitten her skin and fought so hard against her that he stopped breathing at one point.
Though he didn't say anything, the Pastor knew he had found a protg.
And Jonathon watched as Pastor Briarwood paced in front the crowd. He was explaining why he has to wear a patch over his right eye, a result of his encounter with the demoness Henri Ville. His back had been turned and, like a coward, she stabbed at him, took his right eye, and even slit the skin of his face. The stitches were gone but the scar burned a bright pink line from his brow, skipping over his left eye, straight down to the curve of his chin. The demoness had attacked like the feral animal she was, because Henri Ville was no human. She was a blight, a smear, an erosion to good souls. He once touched her skin and saw her for what she was - a sight too grisly to detail in the sanctity of a church but, if anyone was so inclined, he was going to make a journey to stop her. It was a religious journey, one to prevent the End of the World because, if Henri Ville continued to exist, she would bring about the End of Days. Her existence threatened the existence of all, good and bad alike. There needed to be action and it needed to be soon, swift and righteous, justice, all for the sake of humanity; it was the only answer. The vengeful fist of God was pounding at her door and every second Henri Ville didn't answer - didn't answer for all of it! - was another second closer to the End of All Things.
Pastor Rigby Briarwood let them know that there were already a fair amount of volunteers to track down the she-witch, near thirty men and women and children from local churches where he had spoken recently. Still, he appreciated the allegiance of any other willing participants, as he needed all the help he could get. Anyone that wanted to take the hand of God would be embraced with open arms, and this was the last stop; oddly, it had once been a place of beginning for him.
Departure was soon.
Destination was the town of Carpatheon, where a few of Pastor Briarwood's diligent followers had tracked the whores of The Catlight Infinite, where his followers had found her?
Failure wasn't an option.
The demoness Henri Ville was to be destroyed.


X
Henri finished vomiting in the blind corner between the dentistry and Apothecary. She wiped her mouth and lowered the bandana back over the lower half of her face. When she turned to head back inside, an odd sight caught her eye. A bare-chested, exquisitely hairy man was kicking a large metal creature (it sort of looked like a spider). Around his waist swung the top half of his dress, which was torn. A stream of curses could be heard coming from the hairy man as he stomped and yelled and slammed the heel of his foot into the side of the bug-like machine. Henri checked the sky and found a single nefarious cloud. She touched the bandana to verify it was on and covering the lower half of her face (it was a pink bandana with full black lips drawn on it), then cautiously approached Novak as he fought the machine.
"Trouble?" she asked.
"This Goddamn generator-" and Novak released a flood of obscenities.
"Where are we with the cannons?"
Novak scratched his head, staring at the generator with a puzzled expression. "Ask Chaim." And then his attention turned to the top half of his dress and he lifted it, inspecting the damage.
"Tore my dress," he told her, mournfully.
"We'll get you a new one."
"Eh. This wasn't one of Victoria's. What we need is a new generator. Maybe a kerosene generator. I don't really know if it's any better but this stupid steam generator won't-" and he resumed cursing and kicking it.
Henri nodded, her gentle smile hidden, and she returned to the Apothecary. Novak noticed Henri walked away slowly, her left arm cradled over her belly as if wounded, her gait much more practiced.
Inside the apothecary, she returned to her bedroom, where she spent most of her time. It was a tiny room meant for storage; and better for it, as she felt safer in tiny spaces. There was a bed against one wall and the other had a mirror hung over a small dresser, on top of which was a white porcelain bowl full of clean water. (The water had just been refreshed to prepare for her morning routine, which was a quick vomit followed by immense hunger.) Henri pulled off her bandana and examined her face. There were the beginnings of lines, future wrinkles, signs of age; it didn't bother her, not at all. In her twenties and early thirties, growing old had been a scary thought. There was a need to stay youthful, to look young and beautiful forever. It was odd how perception could change so drastically. Firm ideas melted over time and lived on only as a smirk over the naivety of early life. Old didn't matter to her and age was irrelevant. Beauty was a detriment here, and the only thing that could be counted on was intelligence and reflex. It was nice, though, being in Carpatheon with Chaim and Novak. It was calm. Uneventful. Maybe even safe.
After washing her face and rinsing the puke taste from her mouth, Henri walked the stairs to the second floor. Chaim was at his table in the back. His eyes were watching the town, the skin of his old face locked in a somber, thoughtful form.
"What would be the first thing you would say if you saw Brante again?" Chaim asked.
"I wouldn't say anything," she answered.
It was something she had thought about a lot.
"You'd just kill him?" asked Chaim, his eyes looking to Henri for a moment.
She nodded.
There was no surprise at her answer.
"Hm. Your relationship with him was much different than mine. Can't say I blame you, though. If I were you I'd kill him, too. Being me, though, I think I would ask him why. Just that one word. 'Why couldn't you just come get us?' We waited. We waited longer than it would've taken to get here, definitely. 'Why?' It seems counterproductive to the project - to everything, all that money he invested. I just don't get it."
Henri wasn't interested.
"Where are we with the cannons?"
"Ask your girlfriend."
He meant Novak.
Henri sighed at the distance remaining between her and her goal.
"Good news, though," Chaim said, changing pace. He didn't want Henri worrying or disappointed. "I wired someone. It was just a hunch that turned out to be right. We got all the magnetite we can carry. I'm going to organize a caravan tonight, see if I can have them leave tomorrow and go pick it up. Should be here in two, three days tops. And the smelting equipment is already on the way."
The news didn't lift Henri's spirit as much as he had hoped.
"You know why I built this town out all the way out here in the middle of nowhere?" He didn't wait for Henri to answer. "They're going to build the Lincoln Memorial Highway soon, from D.C. to the west coast ocean. When I was younger, my wife and I drove the full length of it. It'll start at the White House and go right through the country. It was a nice drive? It'll be a nice drive. Place I remember the most is when we stop in a town located right where we're standing, right now. My wife and I, we'll spend a few days here and it'll be one of the happiest moments of our marriage, you know?and then, years later, we'll divorced and it'll be bitter and awful. But I remember how I feel when we stop here. That specific time with her? It's like our emotions are stored in memories and we can be happy if we just choose to live in the good ones."
Henri wasn't paying attention.
"I actually remember that there was a statute just outside the town, I forget what of but it had an engraving that said something about divorce. It was like foreshadowing."
He chuckled.
Henri finally looked at him.
"Can you have someone bring food to my room? I need to lie down."
"Of course. Go rest." Chaim paused. "Cheer up, kiddo. It's almost over. And even if we don't succeed, it's still a pretty exciting time to be alive. Could be worse. Could be a lot worse."
Henri nodded and left.
Chaim knocked on the wood table and returned to his thoughtful pose, staring out the window.


XI
Time moved in episodes?
Each attempt to fix the steam generator caused Novak more and more frustration. It was still broke when he left to pick up a seemingly random and endless list of supplies given to him by Chaim. Aside from the smelting equipment, which had already been shipped and would arrive shortly, there was long list of other odds and ends, from transporting several hundred pounds of magnetite to finding an armory of cannons. There was even a boiler on the list. He wasn't certain he could find it all and bring it back but he set out to try nonetheless.

*	*	*

Chaim held a meeting with the residents of Carpatheon. He stood in front of the apothecary and, with the crowd directly in front of him, explained that all metal had to be stripped from his town for a short period. Guns, belt buckles, knives, specific types of jewelry, any- and everything metal needed to be gone. If anyone felt they had nowhere separate the town to store their metal belongings, he offered to store it in a safe spot and promised all items would be return to their owners on the day he - Chaim Bialik - got back from a short expedition, the details of which were vague.
"So?you're gonna confiscate our guns?" asked a man in the audience.
"Uh, well, you can take them elsewhere. But no, Carpatheon won't have any guns or knives, no metal whatsoever."
"But we can give 'em to you?" the man went on.
"Yeah," Chaim nodded.
"And then you're leaving?"
"Yeah," he affirmed and nodded again.
"But you won't tell us where?"
Chaim thought a minute.
"I'll tell a group of you. 'Bout a week's time I'm gonna need some of the strongest to volunteer to come with me."
"Where?" asked the man, having forgotten he already asked.
"I'll tell you closer to the time."
"What about nails?"
"I-oh, actually I hadn't thought about that. They're so small and buried, I don't think it'll be a problem."
"Well if them ain't a pra'lem than why all the jewelry-"
Chaim shook his head and answered quite firmly.
"If you don't like it, leave. I'm not holding you back. That goes for all of you. This is my town. We do what I say here and, right now, I say all metal has to be gone by tomorrow noon. Bury it, take to the next town over, I don't care. If you want to give it to me, I'll keep it safe and all metallic items will be back in your hands within a couple weeks. All metal is to be vacated the town and if I find anyone knowingly withholding metal, it will be taken and the owner will be dismissed from Carpatheon indefinitely."
That seemed to satisfy the crowd, though there was a final question.
"So what's gonna stop you from robbin' us wit' our own guns?" asked the same man, just a head buried amongst the gathered mass of citizens.
Chaim thought a moment and cleared his throat.
"My gun'll be in there, too?"
The man began another question.
"But-"
Chaim's gun had drawn and fired before the man could get out more than a single word. And though the man speaking stood squarely amidst a full crowd of people, the bullet passed straight through his hat and into a wall on the far side of town.
No one quite knew what had happened while Chaim finished his answer.
"?and I could rob you any time I want, good sir. But I'm no crook. So make your accusations elsewhere."
All of the town's metal was gone the next day, without incident.

*	*	*

Wood flooded into Carpatheon every day yet it was never enough.
The distillery was built outside town and construction had mostly finished, minus the boiler and a couple metal pipes - all of which was on Novak's list. (And even without a fully functioning distillery, Pellsley Grant was still able to make a passable whiskey.) The extra outhouses had been top priority, and the church was coming together quickly, but the barn remained skeletal and in its early stages. The stable boys gave up asking for help and instead took it upon themselves, working most of the day, every day, under Cant's direction. Drewbell worked with the boys, pulling her weight equally.
They spent every night reading by campfire.
The Nathans spent their time with the candle-maker but they would stop to join the boys on their breaks, all of them running through the town while playing their various games. Cant and Drewbell didn't join and would spend their time together alone. They'd often climb the hill outside of town to sit and look out over Carpatheon and beyond. It was a wonderful view, the town so small against the scope of the open horizon.
Their hours together were often silent, just how they liked it.

*	*	*

The first delivery consisted of cannons. Chaim didn't bring them into town but instead rode them miles and miles away, deep into the empty countryside, and he set them up in a wide curve.
The cannons faced nothing but empty hills.

*	*	*

Novak rode into town with several carriages following behind him.
"Some of this stuff was harder to get than I thought. Mainly cause of my dresses, I think. Had to shoot a guy," he told Henri while she lay in bed.
He had a glass of water and some pills in his hand.
"Chaim had me pick these up for you. Vitamins, he calls 'em." Novak gave her a disconcerted look. "Says I'm to make sure you take them every day."
Henri was mostly despondent, her face drained of color, but she took the tan, oblong pills and swallowed them with water.
Novak felt reassured, at least momentarily, and continued as he had been.
"And I got a Goddamn kerosene generator. Gotta assemble it but at least I don't have to mess with that Goddamn stupid steam one out back."

*	*	*

Another caravan arrived soon after, this time with the smelting equipment. It would have to be set-up outside the town, a project that would take a good deal of manpower. Chaim decided the time had come to hold a meeting, and so he went about finding able-bodied men.

*	*	*

Even though it was unnecessary, Novak focused more and more time tinkering with the steam generator. Assembly of the kerosene generator had to wait until the magnetite was gone but, even then, it was the principle of the thing - Novak didn't want a stupid generator beating him. And if there was one thing Novak didn't like, it was giving up. Defeat was one thing but quitting was entirely different.
During breaks, he brought Henri food and sat with her. She had grown so weak, which was an odd thing to see. Her time was spent in bed. Whatever the sickness, it had gotten worse, then a little better; now she was always drained of energy, lethargic. Her waking hours were spent pouring over Anson Sharpe's notebook, drawing. The floor was littered with the failed attempts of extremely complex sketches, each one a series of networking lines and squares and points and labels. A few sketches were stuck to the wall - they were the ones she understood, the ones she could confidently recreate.
"You ever feel like a quitter?" Novak asked Henri.
Her eyes were half-open and her face had lost a lot of its color.
"No," she answered.
"Yeah, you don't strike me as the type. Something about the idea of quitting scares me, though. I don't know why. Maybe just 'cause it's there, you know, another ugly bastard standing next to failure and disappointment, watching you, waiting for their chance."
There was a moment, then he added:
"I miss my wife."
He looked at Henri, gave a short nod, and left.

*	*	*

Chaim gathered together all of the strong men in the town and held a meeting on the second floor of the apothecary. He had had a large chalkboard installed against one of the walls and he paced in front of it while the men watched. Back and forth he paced; then, he'd stop and his mouth would open but words escaped him. He would continue pacing, the men watching - back and forth - intently.
Finally, he began.
"I need your help."
All of the men leaned in with anticipation, awaiting the next words?
Chaim's head dropped and he began pacing again, one hand behind his back and the other moving out in front of him as if he was giving a great speech in his head. 
All of the men followed his every step, each of them held in suspense.
"Help with what, sir?" asked one of the youngest of the men, finally breaking the silence.
Chaim cleared his throat and rubbed his bald head?
A look of determination crossed his face, as if the words had finally come to him, and he approached the board. The men couldn't see what he drew until Chaim took a step back. A single triangle was near the top center of the chalkboard. Chaim beamed at all the men like it was a great work of art. The confusion on the men's faces made him stop and turn back to the board. He stared at the image a moment and then returned to shade it in. He took a step back, thought a moment, then drew zig-zag, squiggle lines off the shaded triangle. Added clouds around it. And a large swirl coming down from it. To one side, he drew a trajectory and began littering the board with numbers. A height from the triangle to a line designating the ground. A measure of distance and wind velocity. On the other side, he started putting the numbers together. He backed up again. Returned, added a circumference beneath the swirl beneath the triangle. He smudged the eraser across empty spaces of the board and created the illusion of background hills. He stepped back once more, the wrinkles of his brow wrinkling further as he looked the many numbers over; then, with a shrug, he turned around and told the men, "We're going to smelt large chunks of magnetite into cannon balls and fire them into a tornado."

*	*	*

Marielle took up residence at the end of the bar in Chaim's Saloon. She watched over the town's people much like Chaim did, and he took notice of her immediately. They didn't speak but often made eye-contact and shared brief smiles.
Both were focusing the lion's share of their attention elsewhere.
Every night, Chaim would decide where he and his men would need to devote their time the next day while Marielle did her best to oversee the girls in the saloon as well as her daughter, Rebecca, who had been wandering off for reasons she wouldn't explain. This worried Marielle since her daughter had never been one to keep secrets; it had to do with a boy, of that she was certain.

*	*	*

Chaim paid Henri a visit one evening.
"We're leaving tomorrow to finish setting everything up. Camp overnight, make sure everything is ready. Once we're ready, Novak's going to ride with you out there." He put the back of his hand against her forehead. "How are you feeling, kiddo? You don't look so well."
Henri's cheeks were sallow.
"I'll be fine."
He smiled at her perseverance.
"Are you ready to leave this place?" he asked.
She had been thinking about that, and only that, lately.
"Absolutely."
Her voice still carried a definite strength, her resolution granite.
"Good."
"Do me a favor?" Henri Ville asked her old friend.
"What's that?" Chaim asked, curious.
"Tell me a happy memory of you and your wife."
Slowly drifting to sleep, Henri listened as Chaim spoke of a vineyard he visited with his wife. There had been so many grapes, miles of plump purple balls. They bought a few bottles of Cabernet and spent the day drinking and talking and getting lost. They made love against a tree.
"It's odd," he told Henri, who appeared to be asleep, "because I remember these things. I remember what we did. At one point she said her foot hurt and I offered to carry her, sort of joking. She said not to bother because I could only carry her so far. Even at the time I remember thinking it was such a sad thing to say. But it was true. I also remember the sun. It was a shade of darker orange, or maybe it just looked that way because of where we were. It was one of the best days we had."
Chaim stood up to leave.
"I want to see the sun without being terrified," Henri muttered, her eyes closed.
Chaim wasn't sure if she was talking in her sleep.
He leaned over and kissed her forehead.
"Rest, kiddo. Get your strength. Something tells me you'll need it."




HOW TO DESTROY ANGELS
I
"She's gone. Rode out with some other fellow."
"Where did she go?"
"No one straight told me where she was headed or for what good reason."
"Okay. Anything else? Anything I need to know?"
"Oh, the saloon was fulla whores. Uhhhh? and some guy named Kam is in charge but he let out yesterday. Lot of the men-folk went with him. Just a bunch of women and chill'uns there now."
"Very good."
"Thank you."
"Anything else?"
"Umm?oh, yup. Get this - no one in the town got any weapons. They was all confiscamated-confisk?a?"
"The weapons were confiscated? Why?"
"They was building somethin' or somethin' - I didn' really understand. But a town fulla heathens and ain't none of them got knives or pistols or nuthin."
"It would appear that God has opened the doors for us."
"Yes'm."
"Spread word that we're leaving the supplies here. Tell everyone to saddle up and be ready to ride out in thirty minutes."
"Yes'm. And thank you for let-let-givin' me a importint job."
"You're very welcome, Michael. Now please, go spread the word. There's no telling when the demoness will return and there is much of God's work to be done before she does."


II
Tall grass lulled calmly in the steady wind. A handful of wide pines were in the distance of the meadow. Overhead were varying shades of gray and blue, the clouds roaming like the tide of a river, their rolling shadows crossing the curves of vast, shallow hills. The mist-like outline of a mountain could be seen in the far horizon. Twenty-four cannons formed a half circle. (Six had been defunct; all of them from a civil war armory.) Three cannonballs of magnetite were near the base of every other cannon. Quarter-barrels of gunpowder were within reach. Fifteen men quietly waited. It was remarkable how well the countryside avoided silence, how there was always the sound of something, of air rushing over earth or an animal calling out; then came the clopping of two horses.
Henri was on Dire and, when they stopped, she bent forward to pet the mare's neck and whisper in her ear. She had a new bandana across her face. The design was an intricate rosebud whose petals twisted out in dark red. It still had the appearance of a gothic smile except this one was warmer, more feminine. Novak had bought the bandana as a token of good luck before they left. He stopped just ahead of her, dismounted, and walked back to help Henri off her horse. She landed and hobbled a moment as if uneasy on her feet.
"Ooooh man. Are you sure about this?" Novak asked.
Henri answered with an absolute, "Yes."
There were two hitching posts the men had recently built. Novak tied his and Henri's horses up with the others and joined Chaim, who was handing each of the men an unlit torch.
Novak picked at the crotch of his jeans as he approached. Pants were uncomfortable, though he had no complaints about his long sleeved tee-shirt or the sturdy boots he purchased that morning. It was the first time he hadn't worn a dress in months.
Chaim mistook him for a stranger and did a double take.
"It's an odd Goddamn day when I'm put off by a man not wearing a dress."

EARLIER THAT DAY

Novak stared into his closet for several minutes.
He was thinking about his wife, the smell of her hair in the morning. The time she had run from the outhouse because a spider had startled her. The last time he saw her laugh. It had been in sunshine, on a warm June evening. They had been walking, slowly, toward home down that long dirt road. He couldn't recall the joke but he remembered her eyes, and the sweet sound of her giggle. It wasn't but two months later she had passed on but that moment, he always remembers it as their last.
He stared deeply into a satin gown, the one she often wore to bed.
Her clothes in his wardrobe.
Today, he decided, I must put my thoughts elsewhere.
And Novak pulled open a drawer instead.

*	*	*

The tension broke a bit after Chaim's comments on Novak's attire and everyone, including Henri, smiled.
"Does anyone have questions?" he asked the entire group, once again stern.
No one moved.
"When do we fire?" Chaim hollered in a rehearsed call.
"When you fire, sir," the men answered in unison, much like an army regiment.
"When do we retreat?"
Again, they answered together:
"When you retreat."
He turned to Novak and Henri.
"Ready?"
"Yes," she answered.
Novak glanced at Henri before nodding.
"Okay. You're going to ride out to that post." Chaim pointed to a hunk of wood several hundred yards away. "See it?"
Novak nodded.
Chaim locked eyes with the man.
"Have you ever seen anything like this?" he thought a moment, "?like what's coming? Have you ever seen it before?"
Chaim spoke the words as if they were a warning.
Novak shook his head.
"Good luck," Chaim chuckled. "It's a hell of a thing. By the way, your heart's going to beat out of your chest. Try not to go into cardiac arrest. Be careful." He moved his face closer to Henri's and repeated himself. "Be careful. Okay?" He exhaled deeply and turned back to the men.
"Alright," then, yelling, "get to your battle stations!"
The men scattered to their positions.


III
They rode to the post at a slow pace. Henri softly talked to her mare but Novak couldn't make out the words. Arriving, they stopped side-by-side and looked out across the open land.
"Too bad it's so pretty," said Henri.
Novak shot her an alarmed glance. His heart was already beating fast. Chaim's words had done the opposite of encouragement. He turned back to look at the line of cannons. Chaim was behind the farthest right cannon. Suddenly he began flailing his arms. Novak couldn't distinguish what direction he was signaling, if it was for them or to the men at the cannons.
"I think Chaim?" and he trailed off.
Henri wasn't on her horse. She had already walked away. Something dark was in her right hand. Part of it swayed in the wind. Fabric, with a rose on it. Novak saw each detail but had trouble putting them together.
"Here I am," she called out to the sky, passionless.
"Henri, get back to your horse. Where are you-stop!"
Henri kept walking.
Novak dismounted and ran to catch up, following a few feet behind.
The bandana slipped from her fingers and caught on the wind. It passed Novak with a quick wave. For a short moment he resented her for releasing his present?but then he felt something, something tangible, a menace in the air that sent a chill through his body. Novak's eyes lifted and what he saw stopped his body from walking any further. The shades of blue had dimmed. Inside one of the clouds, he could make out a black rectangle. Jagged, lightning-shaped slivers of grey began extending from the small shape; these branches swelled, seeping and smearing and smudging in all directions. The darkness moved faster, deeper, spreading like a wildfire. In less than two minutes, a murky, disquieting grey had fully overwhelmed the sky. The tiny black shape was no longer visible, having drank in every cloud within miles.
Novak snapped out of it.
For the first time he noticed all the cannon balls dug into the soil around him, obviously practice shots from the cannons.
Henri was standing a few feet away, watching.
"It's beautiful," she said, "and I've never hated something so much in my life. Every time I see it, there's a moment. Right now. This moment, just before it takes shape. You asked if I was a quitter? I think about quitting all the time. This moment, right now, I could stop running. There would be no more fights, no more trouble. No more home. It could swallow me."
The clouds were moving in a wide, slow swirl.
"This could be the end?" Henri reminded herself.
Novak couldn't form words.
The wind was gaining momentum. 
And then Henri turned around, dissatisfied. She strolled over to a frozen, awestruck Novak and hooked an arm in the crook of his elbow. He didn't notice until she pulled and forced him to stumble back. He shot her a bewildered look but she had already moved on. The horses were whinnying and it was lucky they hadn't run off. Novak sprinted to his horse, leapt up in one agile, fluid motion, firmed his seat, slapped the reins, kicked the horse, and rode back toward the cannons at full speed.
Henri held Dire close for an extra moment.
Their eyes met and she whispered, "Some things aren't fair, baby girl."
Then a fire lit in Henri's eyes.
And her posture straightened.
And her grip became more firm, her face resolute.
And she spoke two final words:
"Not today."
Henrietta Villanova then mounted her mare and rode back.


IV
Chaim repeatedly yelled "What the hell?" as Henri and Novak approached.
They crossed the line of cannons and circled back.
"Get a good look, did you?" Chaim's disgruntled scream was barely audible over the gushing wind.
He turned and hollered at the men, "Torches!"
None of the men reacted, either preoccupied with the swirling storm or just plain unable to hear the command over the storm's encompassing whoosh. Henri heard him, though, and she slid off Dire, handing Novak the reins before walking over to Chaim.
Her gait was steady, stern once more.
Chaim had been the only one to light his torch, and he was surprised when she took it from him, growing even more so as he watched Henri approach each man. She was lighting the torches in their hands. They were all now turned toward the gathering winds, the darkness sky, the swirling atmosphere. Some men didn't notice until the fire licked up and burned their hand.
The center of the sky was spinning with such voracity that there were no edges, no boundaries, no distinguishable end. A sharp point broke out from the sky and fell to the earth like water spinning down a drain, whirling with tremendous speed and a dizzying grace, lowering further, wider, reaching, stretching. Novak watched it tenderly kiss the ground and lift back up as a foot might carefully test water. Then it struck the earth again, hard, and remained as if it had just found its footing. It may have initially pecked like an old, meager lover but now it was attacking the ground with the zeal of an overeager teenager, foregoing refinement and measure and patience to grab and claw and suck every inch. From deep within came a sideways flash of blinding light, one that whipped out and struck the heart of a distant pine-the echoing blast of thunder and crunching wood startled everyone, especially the horses. Novak was having a hard time with both his and Henry's horse but he managed to control their nervous fidgets enough to keep them together.
The tornado had formed.
Now it approached.
There was an explosion as Chaim fired his cannon.
This the men noticed and everyone followed suit, each igniting the fuse of any nearby cannon (there were more cannons then men, and some fired two) for a choir of explosions. Smoke obscured the storm for a moment but the men didn't notice. They were pairing up: stuffing gun power and new balls down the gullet of their cannons, adding fuses, readying their aim for a shot toward the middle of the top of the storm, where the wind tunnel had originated, where the clouds were darkest and Novak had seen a black rectangle.
The next round of explosions weren't in unison, more staccato.
The stench of smoked sulfur filled the air and burned their nostrils. The view was blocked by plum upon plum of black cannon smoke and, when it cleared, Henri saw that the struck pine was on fire. It bent where it had been struck and the nearest trees were beginning to smoke as the fire spread. Then, in an instant, the tornado was closer and the trees were pulled from the earth, roots and all, and tossed upward and around like they were nothing more than matchsticks.
Henri had a feeling and looked back to find Novak minus two horses.
He was on the ground and in immense pain.
Henri blinked, and then she turned toward the other horses.
Another cannon fired.
And then another and another.
The wind was pulling with such force?
The other horses were split between two posts. One of the posts splintered from the repeated jerking and thrashing of the strong, panicked animals. Horses escaped. Some remained tied to hunks of wood. Henri happened to be watching when the top of the second post disconnected from the ground and more horses escaped.
She blinked and then turned to face forward.
Chaim fired a third cannon shot. He signaled the nearest men - the men nearest signaled others, who signaled others, who signaled others, until the message to abandon post had passed down the line to the final man - and Chaim turned, shuffling in an attempt to run toward the horses?
The same sad expression crossed each man's face.
Some of the men made it to the few horses left but they untied them and rode off alone, leaving a majority of the men abandoned. For a moment, they mulled about in a disillusioned stupor.
One man took off running.
Another followed.
Then the rest, everyone running full sprint except Chaim - his old hips prevented any form of fast movement, his body too old.
Henri didn't notice any of this.
The tornado had grown larger, closer. It pulled with such force that she had steadied her weight to avoid being drawn forward.
It was stronger, faster.
Someone approached to her right?
Chaim was doing his best to prevent himself from being pulled forward.
Henri smiled at him.
He gave her a short nod of acknowledgement.
Someone approached to her left?
Henri looked to the other side and found Novak, his face wincing in pain, a hand on his back.
She smiled at him and he nodded back.
She reached out and took the hands of both men.
They would die together.
The strength of holding one another's hand made it easier to steady against the pull of the wind, and all three fought against the pull a little bit less. Henri had never been this close before. It was deafening, the wind, and blinding, as well. Here hair, debris, loose clothes, the cannons, everything was being pulled up and out toward the eye of the tornado. They were being enveloped and it felt less like wind and more like water, like swimming.
They were right at the edge-
A loud CRACK of thunder came from somewhere unseen?
And then the wind slowed?
And the pull vanished?
And the pin-point tip of the tornado vanished straight back up into the atmosphere as if the invisible drain had instantly reversed direction, an hourglass up-turned, the wind tunnel sucked directly up with enough speed and force that the eye of the storm took a chunk of the central clouds with it. Blue was partially visible through the massive, perfectly round hole it left in the center, and a thick ray of sunshine found its way through.
Henri noticed the countryside was silent for the moment? then came the pings and thuds as clumps of soil rained from the overcast sky. The land was now shredded, grated, and ripped apart. There was little definition and not much to appreciate aside from a few gaping holes and fresh dirt.
Chaim, Henri, and Novak continued holding hands.
They didn't move and they didn't speak.
Each of them was content.


V
The walk home started quite happy. Novak and Chaim spoke of Henri's beautiful face and how she'd never have to wear another bandana; then, they began long, elaborate descriptions of all the booze they'd drink. Henri remained silent. Hours passed and, little by little, the trek became more arduous until they walked wordlessly.
Novak broke the silence after an hour when he said, in all sincerity:
"Let's not do that again. Ever."
Henri and Chaim grunted in agreement.
"I may resign to a life of milking cows and picking carrots," he continued.
There were no grunts this time and a new silence followed.
The journey back was spectacularly uneventful, considering. It was a cloudless evening but the open hills and a star-filled panorama no longer supplied interest or calm. Novak's back still hurt from being thrown by the horses but the pain had downgraded from a sharp, incapacitating sting to a throbbing ache. Henri and Chaim, on the other hand, were exhausted and their entire bodies hurt. They had to take a fifteen minute break every fifteen minutes. It was many hours after dark before they saw the lights of Carpatheon.
"Finally!" Novak exclaimed.
A pause.
"I'm sorry it didn't crash," Chaim told Henri in an apologetic tone.
For the first time during the long walk, Henri spoke.
"It's okay," she answered.
"Where did it go?" Novak asked.
"The Droit? Auto-destruct function prolly send it out of the atmosphere. This one, though?" He glanced over at Henri but spoke no further.
"What about this one?" Novak asked, intrigued.
Sighing, Chaim answered.
"Those things usually just emit a distinct electro-magnetic wave to gather atmospheric data. And that's it, really. They're not designed to influence the atmosphere or track people. They're just number crunchers, out there collecting data to send back home. Like mechanical accountants, not really capable of? much? else?"
Chaim stopped talking.
Something was approaching.
The faint clop?clop?clop of mulling hooves could be heard.
Henri looked up in the hopes that Dire had found her way home but, as it approached, she recognized the horse as a different breed entirely. And there was a drunkard slung over the saddle, wobbling with each step.
Novak approached, making loud noises in an attempt to wake the unconscious man. He grabbed his arm to shake him but, at the slightest pull, the man slid from the horse and fell atop Novak, and then to the ground.
There was a smear across Novak's face.
"You got blood on your face," observed Chaim.
"He cut me?" Novak asked, further smearing the blood across his forehead while checking for a wound.
Chaim bent down.
"This man's been shot." Chaim rolled the man onto his back. "A bunch of times, it would seem. And in the back, no less. Must have been trying to ride out when someone lit him up."
He wiped his hand on the man's pants before standing.
All three looked from the corpse to the town.
"I got a bad feeling about this," Novak whispered.
Chaim and Henri grunted in agreement.


VI
EARLIER THAT DAY

Cant was walking along the row of stores, having just visited Marielle in Chaim's Saloon. They had a brief but positive conversation. He found it easier to stare into her eyes now when they talked.
"Everything alright with you and that girl?"
It sounded hard but Marielle was concerned.
"Yes."
"Always so few words," she said, polishing a glass with a clean rag. She set it down and used the tip of her thumb to wipe a dirt smudge off of Cant's cheek.
And Marielle went back to polishing glasses.
The day was especially dry and humid, the sweat causing his hat to stick to his forehead. Cant could see Drewbell in front of the boarding house, where she was standing with her brother, but she wasn't looking toward him.
Their attention was together, down the road.
Cant turned to follow their gaze.
A large group of people were riding into town - so many it wasn't a group or gang but a parade - and they were all led by a man in a black hat. He kept the rim low and tilted so that only the left side of his face visible. There was a pink scar from eyebrow to chin. His lips carried a mischievous smirk. His attire was all black, a black overcoat and button-up vest with a white long-sleeved shirt underneath, and black pants recently pressed. He leisurely rode ahead of the others, of which there came more and more, twenty, thirty, forty - men, women, children - some walking, some trotting on horseback, and most of them with weapons drawn.
The stores emptied out into the street to witness the procession of people.
The man in the black hat rode toward the saloon. He was sitting upright, lazily bumping right and left with the horse. His right arm hung over his lap, a gun clutched in his hand.
Drewbell and Cant couldn't see clearly.
These intruders stopped in front of each building - outside the barbershop (which had no customers), the pool hall, the general store, the blacksmith, the hotel, the boarding house, the sheriff's office (where there was no sheriff), the dentist (where there was no dentist), the dressmakers, all of them - and they trained the sights of their weapons on the townspeople. The hostages were made up mainly of women and children, as the most virile men had headed out with Henri Ville, and they were helpless to the well-armed newcomers.
In front of the pool hall, a scuffle broke out, followed by a gunshot that signaled the end to the Saga of the pool shark Roger Avery Daniels (one of the few men that remained behind). He died as liter in the street. A few of the assailants discarded his body in a blind corner behind the dentistry.
The man in the black hat rode through town.
A single rider followed close behind him.
They both stopped at the end, in front of the Chaim's Saloon.
Cant was on his toes, looking over the crowd.
Marielle exited saloon and stood at the edge of the front porch. People came out behind her, patrons and barmaids. The man in the black hat stayed on his horse, facing the saloon and Marielle.
She said something, her face strict but not yet angry.
One word.
A question:
"Jonathon?"
Behind Pastor Briarwood rode the young Jonathon William Beckett the third. He was dressed in the same attire as the Pastor, black vest with white undershirt, except no hat. He had followed behind, his eyes glaring at the town's occupants.
The man in the black hat stared down at Marielle. His head lifted, the black eye-patch over his right eye becoming visible.
The shot rang out seemingly before the gun had even been lifted.
Marielle fell to the ground.
Cant sprinted through the people and along the front of the stores to the place where Marielle had fallen. Women were kneeling beside her. Her daughter Rebecca was holding her up in her lap, hugging her from behind. Blood soaked the floorboards.
Cant knelt close beside Marielle.
"No, mama," Rebecca sobbed over and over, brushing the hair from her mother's face and caressing her cheek.
Marielle's eyes were still open but it was clear she had fled.
The man in the black hat watched everything as he shelled a hardboiled egg and began to suck on it; then, he turned and rode back through the town, which was now segregated on either side of the street, its residents secured behind a row of armed individuals - most with guns but others holding pitchforks and cavalry swords.
The man continued at a leisured pace.
"Well, I'll be darned?" and he checked each side with his left eye, "?if I don't see a lot of members of my old congregation." Calling, louder, "What we have here?is much worse than I thought. What we have here is a town full of the possessed, the possessed of the demoness!?"
The man in the black hat stopped in the center of town.
"And you call this place civilized?"
He laughed heartily.
"How can you call this a civilized town when you don't even have a gallows?"

*	*	*

The unfinished barn was stripped of wood and a new gallows was built in the center of town, right in the street. It was built to execute five people at once, five wooden chairs underneath five nooses strung through five hooks. The ropes had little slack and the post was only a few feet taller than an average man but Pastor Rigby Briarwood admired the craftsmanship all the same.
He remained on his horse, Jonathon William Beckett the third to his side.
The townspeople had been gathered into one large, wide circle around the construction site. The New Parishioners surrounding them on all sides, forcing them to watch the building of the gallows even as their legs grew weak and tired, and the children became cranky or fell asleep in their mother's arms. Well-armed men were stationed around the parameter outside the town, as well, in anticipation of the return of Henri Ville and the men she had taken with her.
Pastor Rigby Briarwood helped pass the time by reminding everyone just who he was. He spoke from his seat on a horse, trotting a constant circle, and refused to step off lest a Godforsaken storm smack down right in the center of town. He asked why his Old Parishioners had chosen to follow Henri. Why they had abandoned him in such a time of need. Why?

*	*	*

The night Warminster Parish was destroyed, Henri stumbled blindly through the forest until she found a camp. She approached it with caution and emerged from the darkness at the edge of the camp to a greeting of gasps and one high-pitched scream. A dead silence washed over the people. Henri was stopped for the moment as she checked for weapons but everyone had frozen in place. She continued forward until she was in the middle of the large camp. "I am uh?" and she cleared her throat, shaking herself of insincerity, "I am here to offer redemption." Then she spoke louder, more genuine and less like a salesperson. "I come to offer?you, uh?wisdom." All attention was on her but she hadn't formulated an idea besides entering camp, no plan, no words. Henri Ville was winging it. "First - no man should cast stones. Any person whose speech leads to the murder or sacrifice of others is automatically wrong," and she stressed the last two words as if it was an obvious fact. "Have you never heard of the Crusades? The?other religious wars. Even the witch trials of Salem. Also-" and she lifted a hand, covering herself while pretending to cough (giving herself an extra moment of thought), then returned, "-also, any man claiming to hear God - that person is uh is speaking to you as a false prophet. It's breaking a commandment. And, just as a general rule, any church with its own gallows is automatically evil. Obviously, emphatically evil. Now?" and she lost her confidence a little, the lies on her breath a bit more apparent?except the camp is too enrapt to notice. "I destroyed that-the church. Using my uh?my heavenly powers. My-my special powers. But I do not speak to you as a representative of God. I speak to you as a?" and the words eluded her a moment, "?as a?as a representative of Good. That psycho back there hanging people - bad. I'm your beacon of good. And you don't have to follow me - it's easy. All you have to do is treat people well. Do things that you know are decent. You know? Help others. That's it. If you find yourself hanging someone at mass, you. are. doing. it. wrong. There is a reason law exists and there is a reason people are hired to uphold it. Stop. Persecuting. People."

*	*	*

None of the Old Parishioners were given a chance to answer the Pastor's many questions (not that they would have) because his attention turned elsewhere.
Four men were riding into town.
The four rode the street a short distance before stopping.
A blockade of armed strangers formed in the street and prevented further passage. The townspeople and Pastor Briarwood and the gallows were some distance away from the four riders, secluded and unable to make out much in the darkness. But they could all hear the unmistakable sound of a shotgun blast, and the silhouette of a rider fell from his house.
A flurry of lead hit the air after, and the riders spun.
Only one of the horses lived to flee.
Pastor Briarwood had turned long enough to watch the chaos in the distance but his attention returned to the crowd. He began to point at individual townspeople, and it was quickly apparent that he was handpicking the first group to be executed upon the gallows' completion.
"How much longer, men?" he asks the burly few he had tasked with transporting the wood and resurrecting the gallows' pole.
"Not long, sir," one of them grunted.
More time passed, as Pastor Rigby Briarwood continued sermonizing to the townspeople and his New Parishioners.
It hadn't been a full two hours before there was another ruckus, this time on the outskirts of town. No one could see what was happening, though it sounded as if there were a good deal of men. Hollering could be heard, the words indistinguishable, and then a long stream of gunfire.
The group of New Parishioners stationed outside the town returned to the town center, passed through the group of silent townspeople, straight up to Pastor Briarwood, and informed him that the men had returned.
"This time," they said, "nothing survived long enough to flee."
Pastor Rigby Briarwood chuckled.
"What about Henri Ville?" he asked.
"She was not with the group."
"Soon enough," he promised under his breath, loud only enough for Jonathon to hear. The two of them shared a smile together, both pleased at the idea of Henri Ville meeting a similar fate.
The gallows were finished shortly thereafter.
Pastor Briarwood ordered the three whores and two drunks he had handpicked for execution to step forward; when they refused, the New Parishioners pulled them from the crowd and stood them in front of the gallows. They fastened their hands together with rope and tied blindfolds over their eyes, and then marched them to each of the five ropes strung up through the gallows.
"First we hang whores and drunks. Lust and Gluttony are sins," the Pastor called out, further condemning the five. To the Old Parishioners and the New alike, there was a lack of passion. Though he still spoke with fervor, there was a missing magnetism. He could draw listeners in with his words but now they were concise or sometimes bland or just facts. He was showing his boredom.
The women were crying.
The drunks were trying to reason to with their captors.
Pastor Briarwood yawned.
At gunpoint, the accused were helped onto the chairs beneath the gallows' ropes. When one of the men continued to refuse, the Pastor shot him in the belly and quickly picked another, seemingly at random, to take his place. The ropes were slipped down over their necks. And they were left to stand a brief moment. Five of the New Parishioners waited behind the chairs, each prepared to kick it out when given the signal.

*	*	*

Jonathon William Beckett the third hadn't noticed until the Pastor handpicked her from the crowd. It was her red hair that had seemed familiar, a much darker shade than the Pastor's own vibrant red hair. Rebecca, one of the women from The Catlight Infinite. She had been handpicked as one of the whores to be executed first.
Jonathon hadn't much enjoyed watching Marielle die.
But the Pastor said it needed to be done, and he was always right. 
In the hours since her mother's death, young Rebecca could do nothing but weep; now, however, in those moments before her hands were bound behind her back and the blindfold was slipped across her eyes, she had finally stopped. Tears no longer fell. Hate filled her such as it never had before.
Jonathon had been watching her when their eyes met in the moment before hers were covered. The look of heartbreak and anger in her glare sent a shiver through the young boy's body.

*	*	*

"Would anybody like to say anything?" Pastor Briarwood called out to the townspeople.
"What in the hell are you doin', boy?" called a distant voice.
Others dissidence followed.
Now that one had spoken up, and death was fast approaching, en mass, the townspeople began to voice their opposition. Their voices came louder. The people of Carpatheon were outnumbered and outgunned but the group began to throb, rejuvenated-and, as one, they all gasped!
The signal was given.
Each chair was kicked from beneath the supposed guilty.
And the gallows came to life as three whores and two drunks began to hang. The wooden beam of the gallows pulled hard with the weight. The five hung by their necks, feet kicking, hands bound, struggling. The townspeople rushed in to help but shots were fired and weapons were lashed and they were helpless to watch.
But then, as if by miracle, something splintered.
The sides gave in with the pressure?
And the gallows collapsed.
Each of the five to be executed landed hard, some on their feet and some on their butts.
Pastor Briarwood chuckled. He was mildly amused but still somewhat bored. To him, this was just the aperitif to the main course, which was soon to arrive.
The gallows' collapse caused such a commotion, and the townspeople's disapproval was so loud, that no one had heard the noises steadily growing behind the town. As the ropes were removed from the necks of the whores and drunks, and the dust settled, and the people quieted a bit, there drifted a faint chug-chug-chug sound on the wind. Faint, then louder, then more faint-and then suddenly roaring loud enough that the whole town could hear - CHUG-CHUG-CHUG and faster and angrier, like a train headed right into town.
Pastor Briarwood's attention squared on the direction of the sound. He made a quick motion and several New Parishioners disappeared down the alleyway beside the saloon, headed back toward the noise.
Amidst the CHUG-CHUG-CHUG came three quick gunshots.
Pastor Briarwood continued smiling.
He motioned once again.
More of the men headed back.
CHUG-CHUG-CHUG.
And one of the New Parishioners returned.
"Someone started an old steam generator," he called out.
Passion - loud, undying thirst - again filled Pastor Rigby Briarwood's eyes, and he hollered out in a booming voice:
"She's here."


VII
Henri and Novak watched from the crowd as the gallows collapsed. Once it was determined that no one had been hurt, Henri relaxed her grip on Novak's arm. Then came the CHUG-CHUG-CHUGGING of the steam generator.
("That old bastard," Novak whispered under his breath.)
Passion - loud, undying thirst - again filled Pastor Rigby Briarwood's eyes, and he hollered out in a booming voice:
"She's here."
A static excitement filled the air.
Some were nervous.
Others felt saved.
Henri was moving through the crowd, closer to the gallows, closer to Pastor Rigby Briarwood. None of them had recognized her, not with her hair dyed black and cut shorter, not with her face uncovered. She had her hand behind her back. The collapsed gallows were to the right, with the Pastor in front. Novak was circling around the opposite way. Henri made it through the townspeople and emerged in a spot were two of the armed individuals had left to investigate the sound - they were still behind the buildings, searching. Henri could see Briarwood clearly. There were no more people between them. He was on a horse, shouting directions to the people nearest him. More were to go check out the noise. Some were to remain and hold the townspeople in place.
The time was right.
From behind her back-
A FLASH of LIGHT.
A dream-drowning, sand filling her nose and lungs, crunching in her mouth, rough against her skin-and Henri Ville woke gasping. Less than a minute had passed. She tried to sit up and found herself in the arms of the townspeople. They had caught her after the blow to her head. Jonathon William Beckett the third had been the only one to recognize her, and he pointed her out in the crowd to a New Parishioner standing nearby. The man casually approached from the side, lifted his gun handle in the air, and swung it down hard enough to knock Henri Ville unconscious. That same man was now standing in front of her. As she came to and moved, he leaned in, grabbed her hair, and pulled her further into the street. Everyone - townspeople, Old and New Parishioners, men, women, and children - backed away at the sight of Henri Ville, all of them scurrying to the sidelines once again. Those with weapons stayed in front and those in back could have run, but every eye was on Henri.
The Pastor stepped off his horse to congratulate Jonathon William Beckett the third by giving the young boy a brief hug and pat on the top of his head. He called over to the man that had hit Henri. "Good work, Michael. Now run and fetch the ax," he added. His eyes never left Henri's face. He licked his lips, handing the reins of his horse to Jonathon William Beckett the third. "Keep it close, in case we need to ride out quick."
The first light of dawn grew on the horizon.
Michael ran off to get the ax.
Pastor Rigby Briarwood and Henri Ville stood face-to-face in the street.


VIII
EARLIER THAT DAY

Henri, Novak, and Chaim snuck into town quite easily, as a large portion of the back area was unguarded. From the Apothecary's second floor, they could clearly see the gathered, helpless townspeople below, the guns and the mob, the Pastor and the gallows.
"This asshole again?" Henri said, watching Pastor Briarwood circling on his horse. Novak and Chaim asked and she quickly summarized her previous encounter with the Pastor Rigby Briarwood of Warminster Parish.
Chaim disappeared behind the bar counter and began lifting up several loose floorboards. There was a safe embedded between the second and first floor and, next to it, a large sack holding all the metals gathered from Carpatheon. He rooted through the bag and came back with several firearms. Henri got back her .38 Smith & Wesson, a gun that had grown to be her favorite, and Novak got a newer model Colt that had been one of the townspeople's.
"I just need to get close to him," Henri said. "If he's gone, the rest won't have a leader. They won't know what to do."
"Can we make a decoy? Some kind of distraction?" Novak asked.
Chaim thought a moment; he again went to the floorboards and returned with a soot-covered metal chute.
"How about we get that generator working?"
There was a long, exasperated sigh from Novak.
Chaim looked guilty.
"I wanted to keep you busy," Chaim explained, patting Novak on his back. "I didn't want you stewing in your own funk."
"So you disabled the generator?" asked Novak, both confused and angry.
"Yup," Chaim agreed, nodding.
There was a moment of silence while Novak grew angrier at the fool's errand that had been driving him crazy for weeks, and he awaited an apology, while Chaim stared peacefully back, hoping for some appreciation.
Neither men got what they wanted.
Both momentarily griped like children.
"Why didn't you have me do something useful-"
"You'd have just sat around whining like a petulant-"
"-Hey!"
Henri interrupted both men.
"There's literally a town full of people in danger down there," she reminded them. "Stop acting like children and go!"
Henri showed the two men out a back window of the apothecary, for them to climb down the side, unseen, and into the unlit back area. With Novak's help, Chaim quietly installed the missing piece to a section of the flume in the steam generator. He patted Novak's back afterward, once more, and reminded him it had all been an exercise to keep Novak busy, not to piss him off. The generator would work now. They lit the wood at the bottom of the chute and quickly ran off.
When they returned to the second floor of the apothecary, Henri had finished polishing her gun. She was sitting quietly at the window, watching the town's people while rolling a cigarette. Chaim gave her a disapproving shake at the sight of the cigarette. "If this is the end, I'm going to at least enjoy it," she said of the rolled cigarette, which she tucked away. There was patience to her gaze as she greeted the men, informing them that she was ready. She admitted to having been exhausted - from the days before, from the fight with the Droit, from the long walk back - but she no longer appeared exhausted. Tired, yes, but there was measure, and willingness, and an odd acceptance in her eyes. This would be death or this would be life. She was ready, just as she had been earlier holding Chaim and Novak's hands. This was to happen, and it wouldn't have been brought on without her, just as it wouldn't end without her. Running wasn't any more an option than returning home, it would seem. This Pastor had followed her here and had followed her who knows where else and he would continue to follow her until she stopped him - one way or another, this would stop him.
She stood up.
"Okay, I'm ready to end this," she told the men.
No one spoke, only weary nods.
Her and Novak silently snuck out the front door and smuggled themselves into the crowd unnoticed while all attention was on the gallows. Chaim stayed back, aiming a rifle out the back window to shoot anyone investigating the sound of the generator. It took only a few minutes before men emerged through the back alleyway in search of the sound. He fired down on them in three quick shots and they fell where they stood; then, he returned inside to watch, in horror, as Henri was pulled out into the middle of the street.
The Pastor was talking, approaching in front of her.
Dawn was spreading - the sky was no longer black but a dark shade of blue.
Chaim took aim but had neither the weapon nor the ability to hit the menacing figure in front of Henri. Scanning the crowd, he found Novak nearby, walking the line of townspeople to get closer.
"Turn around slowly, old man," said a voice from behind.
Chaim turned to find a man pointing a rifle at his midsection.
"Okay?" Chaim said, showing the weapon and setting it on a nearby empty table.
The New Parishioner cocked his weapon-PANG!-and out of the darkness came an iron skillet to hit the man square in the back of his head. As he dropped, the silhouette of a person took shape behind him; then, the silhouette of a second.
"I knew you were up here."
Drewbell was holding the pan while Cant was the one to speak.
"Do you have a plan?" Cant asked. "Like Anson. Do you know what's going to happen next?"
"Like Anson?" Chaim asked, unsure.
"Yeah, Anson always knew what was going to happen next."
"Kid, I don't know what you're talking about. Anson always thought he was gonna die, not that he ever had a plan to avoid it. Our plan is to stay alive. And to help Henri, if I can. My instincts say to run away-Actually, my instincts say to put these guns down and go stand behind Henri because?" Chaim stopped a moment, as if he said something he had thought but not realized.
"What?" Drewbell questioned Chaim and his 1,000 yard stare.
"Something's about to happen?" he answered.
For the first time, Chaim understood how Anson felt all those times he was certain of things yet to happen. There were images? light, FLASHING? death? hazy but certain, foggy but approaching, clearing. His chin turned and his eyes looked upon the east, toward the dawn.
Cant saw fear in the old man's weathered eyes.


IX
Henri was on the ground. Blood had filled her mouth from the blow. She hocked and spat out a glistening red that stained her lower lip. Like a boxer, she shook her head, gaining composure, and stood up. Pastor Rigby Briarwood flinched, reaching for his gun, as she removed something from her breast pocket - an undamaged, hand-rolled cigarette. With it came a match, which she struck against the bottom of her snake-skin boot. The tobacco lit up and Henri drew in the smoke, exhaling it through her mouth and nose. Smoke covered her face and, for a moment, she took on the features of something primordial.
Rigby approached casually but had yet to draw his gun.
"So we meet again, Miss Ville," he said, politely. He removed his hat and tossed it to the floor. The vertical scar on the left side of his face glistened pink. "I've been waiting to speak with you once more." He removed his black vest and tossed it to the floor, then unbuttoned his collar and sleeves. "I felt we left things on a sour note last time." He removed the eye patch over his right eye. His eyelids were open and the right eyeball was visibly rotted. As his left eye moved, so did the right - like a rolling marble of cloudy black. "Oh, this?" he pointed to his disgusting right eye. "Doctor said it would do more damage to take it out. Said I had to let it rot and fall out all its own. Worst part about it isn't the-the feeling of something rotting away inside your skull. It's that I can still see colors out of it. Fading. Mist. Purple. Blue. It fades more every day it rots inside my head."
Rigby Briarwood was in front of her.
Dawn was coming up behind her.
"You ready to end this?" she asked him.
"Absolutely," he smiled, adding, "and I like what you did with your hair." The man named Michael returned with an ax and handed it over. A quick, dismissive "thanks" and Michael returned to the crowd. Rigby held the handle and gently dangled the ax, swinging the heavy metal head to and fro at his side. "In case you decide to bring a storm down on everyone," Rigby said of the ax. "In case I need to destroy you lickety split. No ropes, not this time. No back. This time, you get to stare into my dying eye when I send you back to hell." He began to slowly circle Henri in the open street. The crowd surrounded them in wide circle, giving them plenty of space. His black eye darted up and down Henri's body. His mouth was twisted in a crazed sneer, his red hair matted with curled streaks pointing up like fire. His brow furrowed and then rose in excitement, as if he realized something no one else had. "Are you-" he started, flabbergasted, stopping, staring at her belly, "-are you pregnant? Do you-" he kept stopping in disbelief, "-d'you have an ugly little bastard inside you? A bastard hell-spawn?" He smirked, chiding her.
Henri smoked her cigarette, waiting, watching him.
Something about her relaxed posture concerned Rigby.
"Don't you want to attack me?" he asked, agitated.
"No," she answered.
"Why?"
She took a drag off her cigarette.
"My name is Henri Ville," she said, her voice solemn, composed, "and you cannot kill me."
"Well best I try anyway-ARRRGH!"
The Pastor charged at Henri. His movement was fluid, heaving the ax up, back, and downward at an angle, a swing for the neck. 
Henri closed her eyes.
The air swished?
The sound of a hollow thump?
Then several more hollow thumps?
But the blade never landed.
Opening one eye slowly, she found Briarwood spun around and confused.
The stable boys had been camped near the construction of the barn, keeping to the shadows during the entire episode, until that moment, the moment Henri Ville needed their help - now it was their time. They ran screaming from the alleyways and shadows on all sides, each of them screaming as they chucked rocks at Rigby Briarwood and the many New Parishioners.
Someone else was charging toward Henri, the man named Michael-
A gunshot tore through the air, one right in the center of the crowd. The bullet found its way into the belly of the charging New Parishioner, but it was echoing of the gun blast through the town, bombastic and startling, that served as the most effective attack.
It was as if it had been a starter's pistol.
And all out chaos followed.


IX
The townspeople were ready and they stormed the New Parishioners.
Rebecca clawed the face of the nearest man. Children kicked the shins of grown-ups. Women stomped feet. Drunks charged. The stable boys continued to pelt anyone with a weapon, their numerous projectiles catching many off-guard. Jonathon ran to the porch of the Apothecary just as Chaim exited. Cant followed, Drewbell at his side; they were holding hands. She looked left, right, and then down at Jonathon with a mixture of surprise and disappointment. Clearly distressed by the boy (her chin dipped), her focus returned to the battle at hand, where it needed to be. All three entered the crowd, unarmed, and attacked no one, searching the bedlam for Henri Ville.
Sporadic gunfire could be heard in the chaos.
People had crowded the street and it was a mob of melee.
Henri continued to smoke her cigarette. In the throbbing mass, she could still see Rigby Briarwood. His attention had spun to the swarming mass. The light of dawn spread, and the candles and lanterns fell by the wayside. A distance had grown between Rigby and Henri. More sparks of close-quarters gunfire. Henri took steps toward him. Behind her, a familiar face: Novak had his back to hers, facing the people, his gun raised and occasionally firing when a clear shot presented itself.
"My name is Henri Ville!" she screamed at the panicked Pastor.
Rigby Briarwood twirled around to face her. One hand had a gun, lifted up in defense; the other, an ax. He hadn't fired yet, too dumbfounded by the battle-cries and gun-smoke filling the air. He had an astonished, frightened look on his face. He lifted his gun and fired one shot at Henri-the bullet was blocked by the ribs of a New Parishioner fighting against a drunk; they had been uncoordinated, pushing and shoving and pulling one another, both of their hands on the New Parishioner's pitch fork until the townsperson let go and the man flung backward, right into the path of Rigby's gunshot. He didn't crumple when the bullet hit his side. It stung him first, caught him off guard; then, he lowered his arms, dropped the pitch fork, and looked at Rigby Briarwood with reverence.
As he did finally fall, the look changed to contempt.
Henri continued toward the Pastor.
Rigby lifted his gun to fire at her again but a wounded man stumbled into his back and the second shot was wild. Behind her, Novak dropped his empty gun and used his fists to strike any nearby threats. Chaim was there, too, as were Cant and Drewbell. They were unarmed and stood behind Henri. For every step she took, they followed. Their eyes were unblinking, focused solely on Rigby Briarwood.
And as quickly as the rebellion had started, it was over.
The remaining townspeople were gathered closer to Henri, just as the New Parishioners were around Rigby. One side faced the other in the street of Carpatheon. Numbers had dwindled on both sides: Henri, Novak, Cant, Drewbell, Rebecca, and Chaim were surrounded by nine women, a scattering of children, and all of the stable boys; and Rigby still had a large portion of his clan, though at least ten were missing. The New Parishioners kept their guns pointed at a crowd composed mostly of women and children. On the side of the townspeople, there were no weapons, only eyes sharing a similar stare: one boundless, saved of emotion; one ready, not watching but seeing; a gaze through open eyes, all on Rigby Briarwood. And the man stared back with one eye black as night. He fixed his matted red hair and wiped the grime from his white shirt. He had dropped the ax a moment earlier (it had been knocked from his grasp by the wounded man) but he bent down and picked it up. His gun had been lost to the crowd. His smile was wide.
The sun had lifted over the horizon enough that light was everywhere. Shadows were curling, relinquished to the edges of buildings. Night was gone. Bodies could be seen here and there, women, drunkards, New Parishioners, some in the distant background, death on all sides and everywhere. The broken gallows were behind, a pile of cracked and fallen lumber. The dog-pile of men at the end of town was visible only as a shroud of fabrics stained a dark shade of red, indistinguishable as a mountain of dead.
Jonathon had disappeared from the front of the Apothecary.
The streets were quiet.
Rigby Briarwood lifted his ax in the air, not to strike but as a signal.
"Ready your aim," he called out to his flock.
Their guns were already lifted but they steadied, cocked, and prepared to fire into the opposing crowd of Carpatheon residents. Henri took the hands of those closest beside her; they, in turn, took the hands of those nearest them, until everyone was holding someone's hand.
"My name is Henri Ville."
Henrietta Sofia Villanova's voice was strong in a way it hadn't been in some time. It was sturdy, truthful, certain, and fearsomely determined.
"And I WILL NOT die here today!"
Rigby began counting, the head of the ax lifting higher into the air.
"Three!"
Everyone locked eyes with someone on the opposite side.
"Two!"
Henri dropped the cigarette butt (long extinguished) to the ground.
"One!"


X
The FLASHES were quick.
The BLAST, deafening.
Three fell. Some were blown back. Everyone was disoriented.
Henri fell hard. Her eyes opened against the dust and dirt and found the ax lying near her - there was a melted dent in the metal head, and a large singe covered half of it in soot-black. The New Parishioners had backed away, some stumbling over the wood of the broken gallows, others turning to run and flee. Henri watched as several New Parishioners ran for the edge of town. Strings of light reached from the blue of the sky and touched each of the people running; the impact was so great, the shock so hard, that one of them was blown from their shoes. Chaim was beside Henri, lifting her up, pulling her back, running toward the nearest building. The others - townspeople, stable boys, friends - they were doing the same, shaken but running for cover.
More strings of light reached down.
Several of the New Parishioners were hit. The LIGHT touched the metal of their weapons and belts and knives, leaving each person fatally wounded, their hair smoking and burned and sections of their skin coal-black.
And then Henri saw it, clear as day.
The Droit.
It had returned.
For the first time, Henri could see the details of her long-time stalker, her enemy in the clouds. It wasn't a mile up, not this time. Now it was close, hovering three stories over the town, close enough to see two gaping, cannon-ball shaped holes in its grey under-carriage. Sparks were raining down. It wasn't as steady as it should have been, wobbling left and right. The vessel was shaped like a wide, long grey triangle, free of detail but for the shine and glimmer of the metal, and the many wears and scratches along its' sides. The front was sloped, a black rectangle in the front like a windshield, but the rest of the exterior was a chromatic grey, with slats like gills along the side where normally a door might be; it was from these slats that spindly arms of lightning were extended, each side spasmodically twisting and joining and breaking and lifting in jagged twists and bends of pure electricity eagerly searching for metal.
Henri made it inside the nearest building, which happened to be the dentistry. Chaim was still holding her by the elbow, Novak on the other side, and Drewbell and Cant were behind. They ran through the dentistry and continued out through the back door. The Droit had lowered closer to the ground, now just a few feet up. Dirt blew out from below in a propulsive cloud. Windows imploded at the impact of the Droit's proximity. Behind Cant - who was last in the group running for the back door of the dentistry - shards of glass hit the walls while a beam of light reached in and touched the metal frame of the dentist's chair. A concussive echo followed him down the hallway and, as the others made it back into daylight, Cant was picked from his feet, slammed against the wood frame of the doorway, and tossed out onto the ground, unconscious. His ears began to bleed.
Chaim looked back for only a moment. His eyes crossed the land, circling back to see Cant on the ground and Drewbell kneeling at his side, his hand in hers. He might have felt sad if it weren't for the generator, which had caught his eye. There was a moment - adrenalin-fueled, lucid, and obvious - when Chaim knew what he was supposed to do.
The Droit was momentarily out of sight, still on the main street of Carpatheon. Its explosive FLASHES were still visible, blinding, and the deafening CRACKS that filled the air were inescapable for miles.
"I need your help!" Chaim yelled to Novak.
Novak was momentarily bewildered but followed nonetheless.
Chaim pointed to the large, metal spider that was the steam generator.
"Get water!"
Novak hid his look of horror and diligently ran along the back of the buildings. There was a dirty water trough about fifty yards back. Chaim was already hobbling toward a stack of wood - he was moving a lot faster than he had lately.
Henri was alone, for the moment.
"You're gonna die today, whore-spawn!" a voice violently screamed out from behind her.
Rigby stepped from the blind corner behind the dentistry. His gnarled black eye had the stare of a rabid dog.
Henri turned to face him.
Her hands tightened into fists and she growled.
"Come on, then!" she snarled.
Rigby Briarwood charged Henri Ville. His shoulder caught her in the chest and brought her to the ground. Henri dragged her clawed hand down the right side of his face, her intention to grab his black eyeball from out of his skull. Rigby screamed and fought harder straddle and pinned her, swatting away the arm to hit Henri in the face with a weak punch. (He had never fought someone before.) She recovered quickly, her hand shot up, and her fingers wrapped and gripped Rigby's windpipe; her other hand hit him twice in his functioning eye, both good punches. (Henri, on the other hand, had been in many fights; had hit a lot of men since her abandonment in the west.) Something hit the back of his head and Rigby jolted, rolling off Henri. He stood a second, disoriented, and found that Drewbell had hit him in the back of his head with a piece of wood.
Rigby took one quick swipe and knocked her unconscious.
Turning back, he found Henri Ville standing.
She spit blood from her mouth and wiped her lips.
This time she charged him.
They both backed against the nearest wall. Henri punched Rigby in the stomach, knocking the air from his lungs, and then again in his jaw. His forehead lowered into Henri's face, catching her in the nose. She took a step back, momentarily weakened, and Rigby pushed off the wall. Again, they fell to the ground. Rigby straddled her once more and hit her in the face again. Henri didn't recover as quickly this time. Her head lulled side-to-side from exhaustion and pain and an inability to find more strength. Rigby closed his hands over her throat, tightening his grip.
"Henri Ville, today you die!" he screamed with a primal rage.
Henri's face turned red.
Her eyes searched for help.
Novak had returned with water and poured it into the basin of the generator. Chaim was stuffing wood in its belly. Neither of them had noticed Henri's predicament yet, and they stayed focused on the task at hand - starting the generator at full power.
The world darkened in Henri's eyes.
It was ending?
Henri felt a peace in the knowledge that her journey was over. Her abandonment in the west was coming to its inevitable conclusion, and she was ready. She was ready to rest, to sleep forever, to just stop?
Rigby's body pushed forward a moment, and his eyes slightly glazed. His grip loosened and Henri began to breathe again. Rigby used one hand to reach around for something on his back, something he couldn't reach. He twisted to try and see it.
On one side, Henri could see the young Jonathon William Beckett the third standing behind Pastor Rigby Briarwood; on the other side, she could see a knife stuck in the middle of his back.
It was then that the saloon blew apart.


XI
Jonathon William Beckett the third stole a knife while pacing Pellsley Grant's general store, waiting for Anson Sharpe to finish talking about manufacturing liquor, many weeks earlier. He only stole it at Drewbell's request. She didn't want the knife but more so wanted Jonathon to have the experience of doing something bad, something wrong. She nudged and nagged and prodded until, finally, Jonathon took a blade from the display, one in a sheath, and he stuck it into his pants. He had a crush on Drewbell since the first day, when they followed Anson Sharpe to the town with the cross-dresser. Jonathon had watched her and she had known he had a young boy's crush on her. Their friendship had been brief and took place in spurts and individual moments, as Drewbell liked to keep to herself. By the time they got to The Catlight Infinite, Jonathon couldn't stand being away from her - he volunteered to bartend instead of spend his time with the stable boys just to be in the same house as her.
The knife had been with him every day after, his only memento of Drewbell.
Pastor Briarwood had spoken to Jonathon many times about their goal: it was to work towards the good of all mankind. He had always listened to the Pastor's words, heard them, understood them, agreed. There was never talk about innocents being hurt, as only the worst were punished. He even dressed like the Pastor, his diction becoming eerily familiar in the time between his initial kidnapping and their confrontation with the town of Carpatheon. It wasn't until the young Jonathon William Beckett the third rode into this town that he again saw Drewbell, a person whom he had thought gone forever.
He had hidden before the FLASHES, ashamed.
It was from this hiding spot that he saw Pastor Rigby Briarwood strike Drewbell. Anger welled inside him. Drewbell was a good soul; she didn't deserve this, even if she was fighting for the opposite side. Jonathon William Beckett the third stabbed Pastor Rigby Briarwood before even realizing that he had left his hiding spot. He walked out with a fierce determination, knife in hand, and he plunged the blade into the muscle between the shoulder and the spine. Henri was on the ground, looking up at him. He didn't much care for her but, after everything that had happened, he didn't much care what happened to her, either. He knew the town was splintering, just as he had seen his own town. He knew there was little time before everything was gone, broken and destroyed and gone, just gone. Drewbell was his concern. He would help her, even drag her if he had to.
The Pastor stood up at the same moment that a building some distance down - Chaim's Saloon - blew out in a million splinters. The debris spread in all directions, knocking chunks from buildings and landing over the mostly vacant land. Some of the wood landed near Chaim and Novak. Henri, as she was able to again see clearly, found this newest explosion had caused a delay in their start of the steam generator.
From the smoking rubble that was once Chaim's Saloon burst electrical arms of the Droit, and then the machine itself emerged through the rubble. It had driven straight through the saloon and blown on the other side.
Now, it was fast approaching them.
There were bare few seconds left as the Droit closed in.
Rigby was standing, having finally pulled the knife from his back.
Henri got to her feet.

The CHUG-CHUG-CHUG of the generator began slowly. 

Rigby threw the knife into the ground, his arms hulking at his side like a gorilla. Henri tightened her fists once more. They were ready. It was time to end this. 
The Droit struck out wildly in all directions electric. One of its electric tendrils hit the generator - which struck up a surge of FIRE LIGHT, of RED LIGHT not of the Droit but from inside the generator, causing an eruption of fire and sparks, blowing Chaim and Novak several feet back - and a blinding FLASH followed, the deafening CRACK paralyzing everyone except the two left standing.
Rigby Briarwood charged Henri Ville. He aimed for her chest, as he had before, but this time she was ready. Her hands caught his shoulders, slowing the collision into her, and she swiftly kicked him between the legs. His groan was muffled as Henri hit him in the face with the tough part of her forehead.
"My name is Henri Ville!" she screamed, grabbing him by the lapels, she twisted him around-"And I will not die today!"-and she threw him several yards back.
Rigby stayed on his feet, stumbling and stumbling back?
The Droit crashed: It ceased emitting electro-magnetic pulses the moment it struck the surging power of the generator. The energy of the steam generator polarized the energy of the Droit itself, shorting it out and shutting it down entirely, and it lowered, propelled forward by its previous momentum, skimming the ground once, twice - skipping the surface like a stone across the water-Pastor Rigby Briarwood looked up with an expression of pure fright as the crashing Droit caught him head-on, taking him with it (he instantly vanished) as it proceeded to skip twice more until its tip stuck in the ground and there was an outburst of soil and smoke.
Silence.
Henri Ville hazily glanced around.
Everyone else was on the ground, either hurt or unconscious.
She was the last one standing.




EPILOGUE
I
Time moves in gold wisps like smoke.
The town of Carpatheon was rebuilt.
More showed up to inhabit the stores. Two skilled Italian brothers took up the haircutter's residence, spreading a modern touch of fashion to the town. Dentists and swindlers and merchants and vagrants showed up until the town grew bigger than any other in the west, so much so that the U.S. government paved a road from Washington, D.C. straight through it on its way to the coast.
The stables were built to the grandest of specifications. The boys grew into men over the many years, becoming herdsmen and eventually starting the renaissance of "rodeo" entertainment.
Chaim Bialik died of heart failure in the short years after the town's apex. His funeral was quiet yet grandiose, much like Anson Sharpe's. Numerous speakers came to the aid of Chaim's memory, including Henri, Cant, Novak, and many others. He had also sculpted a large, bronze statue to be erected after his death. The statue had been made in his likeness - though only the face accurately portrayed the man, as the body was of a well-defined, muscular young man. (There was an inscription at the bottom - one that would become smudged and unreadable in its later years - that read: CHAIM, DIVORCE THAT BITCH.)

SEVERAL YEARS LATER

Saida Villanova Sharpe was playing in a patch of daises. Her mother was off working, as always. Her Godfather was at a nearby table, keeping an eye on her. (He had the only name Saida felt capable of saying - though, in her attempts, people would often blush and ask her not to, or they would stress the A-sound in Caaaant.) Cant was in the gazebo he and Drewbell had helped construct near the bronze statue commemorating Chaim, and Henri even recommended something called a "baseball field" in the close distance.
Saida picked a fair amount of daisies and laid them at the foot of Chaim's statue. People had been laying flowers at the foot of the statue since before Saida had even been born; they were leaving thanks. But Saida was interrupted as Drewbell approached from the path back to town. The woman quickly ran up and grabbed Saida from behind, coiling her in her arms, bringing her close to kiss. The child giggled at the affection and snuggled her face between Drewbell's shoulder and neck. She carried Saida over to the bench where Cant was sitting, and she sat with the young girl on her lap.
With a quick swivel, she planted a practiced kiss on Cant's lips.
"Surprised the lovebirds aren't here making out," Drewbell said, taking an extra wide look around in case she missed them.
"Rebecca's at the saloon," responded Cant. "Not sure where Novak is, probably with Henri." He was staring, taking in all the details of Drewbell's face as he spoke.
It was a habit he had formed at a young age.
"And where's Henri?" she asked.
"Where do you think?"
"But I thought she was done?" Drewbell responded, confused.
Drewbell had a sad look on her face and Saida noticed, turning her head up and back. She couldn't quite ask why but Drewbell saw her inquisitive stare.
Drewbell leaned in a bit and kissed the tiny girl's cheek as an answer.
There was a whistle from the distance and Saida turned to find her mother crossing the meadow. She was wiping grease from her hands with a rag, which she tucked into the back of her pants. Saida struggled to wiggled herself free of Drewbell and, at full sprint, she ran to her mother on wobbly, uncertain legs. (She ran much like Chaim.) Her mother knelt down and embraced her with a strong, warm hug. She lifted her into the air, letting her feet dangle. They kissed each other half a dozen times.
Then her mother leaned close and whispered a question into her ear:
"Are you ready to go home?"


II
A nurse ran down the hallway in search of any nearby doctor. She rushed, poking her head in room after room, calling out, frantically seeking a doctor, any doctor.
And then she found one.
"Doctor! The patient is awake."
The doctor had his stethoscope pressed against an old woman but he dropped it, wrapping it around his neck to run behind the nurse in a quick to room #35.
Inside, the patient - all covered in bandages - could be heard whimpering.
The doctor rushed to his side in an attempt to check the man's vitals.
"Curtis, do you remember what happened? You were shot numerous times: Can you remember? How do you feel? It's a miracle you've survived. You've been in a coma for some time. Do you remember anything, Mr. Anglin?"
The patient had trouble speaking but, finally, gets out a response?
"How's?my hair?"




