




JARS OF CLAY

A YA Novella
Volume One
by
Lee Strauss

JARS OF CLAY
A novella
by Lee Strauss
Copyright  2012 Lee Strauss
Cover by Steve Novak
ISBN 9781301579051
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction and the views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author. Likewise, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are represented fictitiously and nay resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual event or locales, is entirely coincidental.
All rights reserved.
This book, or parts thereof, may not be reproduced in any form without permission.

Jars of Clay (volume 1) and Broken Vessels (volume 2) contain strong religious themes and scenes of sensuality and violence. Recommended for ages 15 and up. 



Chapter One

Carthage, Tunisia
North Africa-199 AD 

HELENA

Helena's father had cautioned her against wandering alone outside the perimeter of their villa, as mingling with the family's slave and servant children was not allowed. Her brothers would be furious if they knew how far she had roamed. They, of course, were busy being tutored and if her father had considered her argument that it was unjust to exclude her just because she was a girl, then boredom wouldn't have brought her here, to the knoll overlooking neat rows of puffy green trees, where a strange boy stood in the burnt grass, picking olives. 
She pulled her tunic over her knees so she could crouch low. The boy was her age, maybe older, perhaps in his seventeenth year. His hair was bleached out to almost white from many hours in the sun, and it had grown long enough to trouble his eyes. His skin was toasted brown from the sun, and when he wiped the sweat from his forehead with the back of his hand, the muscles in his arms bulged.
He was fascinating.
Helena lived in a house with three brothers, two of which were slightly older than this boy but neither Gordian nor Cassius had arms like that. And their skin was like hers, pale as parchment.
Prickles shot up her legs forcing her to stretch them. Her graceless movement frightened a nesting bird, which cawed angrily, drawing the attention of the boy.
His eyes, grey like the color of dark clay, studied her.
She was clearly above him in station. He should look away first.
Then he did, and her heart did a curious thing. It lurched with disappointment. Instead of fleeing back to the safety of her villa like she knew she should, she stayed. Watching.
Finally the boy spoke. "If you're going to just stand there, you might as well come and help."
Help him? Was he mad? 
"Do you know who I am?" she asked
The boy's rhythm never faltered, and the olives landed in the pail, plunk, plunk, plunk.
"Everyone knows who you are."
Helena sucked in a surprised breath. That was the last thing she expected him to say. If anything, she felt invisible, entirely unknown.
Inexplicably she found herself approaching the boy, searching his face for any sign of familiarity. No, she'd never seen him before in her life. And in his unrefined way she found him? handsome?
It was as if another person possessed her body. Her hand reached up, unbidden, and plucked a fruit. She carefully tossed it into the boy's pail. Then she tugged at another.
"Let's be fair then," she said. "If you know who I am, allow me to know you."
The boy stopped, his eyes boring into hers. "I am Lucius, the son of a freedman who works for your father." He offered a slight bow. "Not to be confused with others who live on this plantation and are slaves."
Not a slave. For some irrational reason this news brought relief to Helena. Lucius continued his task and she tentatively joined him, realizing she had never picked an olive right off the branch before in her life. There was a certain satisfaction she could not name that came with this act.
Lucius reached above her head, and his arm brushed lightly against hers.
She froze. He seemed as shocked as she and hurriedly moved to the opposite side of the tree.
"Where is everyone else?" Helena said, breaking the tension. "Why are you alone?"
"I'm sent to check the ripeness. I'm only to pick one pail to be tested. Then the others will come."
He spoke to her in Punic, a coarse language of the lower class.
"Do you speak Latin? Or Greek?" she asked.
"Everyone speaks a bit of Latin." He stopped picking and walked over to her. She could see that his pail was full.
"You could teach me," Lucius said.
"W-what?"
"Latin. You could teach me. And other things, too. You do get tutored, don't you?"
"No, I don't. Only my brothers do. My father teaches me."
"Well, he's a smart man. You could teach me what he teaches you."
"And why would I do that?" Helena couldn't keep the indignant tone from her voice.
He smirked. "You're not supposed to be out here, are you?"
Her eyes widened with disbelief. "You would tell?"
"I wouldn't have to." Lucius turned away, his shoulders wide and straight with confidence. "You want to come back."
"I do not!"
He laughed and pointed north of the knoll. "There's a private alcove over there. Meet me tomorrow at the same time."


Chapter Two
LUCIUS

Did that really just happen?
Lucius swung the bucket of olives lightly, careful not to let any spill. He couldn't believe he'd conversed with the master's daughter. He'd been known to be impulsive before, but to actually speak to the master's daughter and then ask her to teach him?
He took comfort in the thought that she didn't seem to mind. She appeared to be as curious about him as he was about her.
 He smiled when he recalled the startled look on her face after he'd asked her to help with the picking.
And that accidental touch? Best he just forget all about that. Still, it was kind of nice.
But would she tell? He didn't know her at all, and even though she'd considered his request for instruction, she could've been simply acting guile.
One of two things was about to happen for sure. He'd get reprimanded by the master or she'd show up to meet him the next day.
The thought of seeing her again sent tingles up his spine. He'd never had any opportunity in his life to enjoy the company of a refined young woman. But even more than that, he'd possibly gained a teacher. He would finally learn about the world around him, something he deemed quite necessary if he was going to travel and have adventure in this life.
Surely, the gods had smiled on him today.
Or had they? There was still the chance the girl would tell, and it was expressly forbidden for the children in the slave and servant compound to talk to the master's children.
Maybe the authorities would be waiting to take him away when he got there. He slowed his stride.
Perhaps he'd been utterly foolish. What would they do to him? What would be his punishment?
Lucius pushed open the heavy door to the main production building. The olives were pressed and processed right there on the Vibius property, in a number of one-story structures made of wood and clay brick. His father Quintus was inside overseeing the other workers. Lucius handed him the bucket and watched as Quintus carefully picked up a specimen with his thick, beefy hands.
"Almost ready to harvest," he said after squeezing one. "Next week, we'll get everyone picking." Then he turned to Lucius. "Grab a broom. We need to get this place cleaned up before then."
Lucius swept the dust and cobwebs that had built up while the buildings were sitting unused. He scrubbed and cleaned wooden tables and the earthen ware, keeping his hands busy. But his mind was busier. He never for one moment forgot about his encounter with Helena Vibius.
It grew dark and he headed to his home, a small clay building with a thatched roof. It was time for the evening meal prepared by his mother and sister, and he released a breath of relief when he found that no one had come to seek him out. 
He made polite conversation while eating his cornmeal bread with honey, and washing it down with lemongrass tea. A growing excitement stirred in him. He would go to the alcove tomorrow. Helena would meet him there, he was sure of it.


Chapter Three
HELENA

The brightness of dawn awoke Helena the next day. Her mind automatically went over her usual routine: A morning meal of cornbread and goat's milk and then a visit with her father, once he returned from the senate discussions with his peers, in which he would answer whatever questions about life and the world she might pose.
Quickly, she sat upright. The boy who wanted to learn! Had she dreamed him?
Her heart beat rapidly as she called for her mother's servant Annia to come assist her. She would go to him during her brothers' afternoon studies, she decided. Even though she knew she absolutely should not, she would. Just once. The fresh air and exercise would be good for her. But she wouldn't stay long. In fact, she would tell him with full assurance that she could never return.
If Annia was surprised by Helena's choice of tunic, she wisely kept her expression blank. It wasn't the plainer kind Helena usually wore. This one had gold cord ribbing that wrapped around her bosom and after Annia brushed Helena's hair, she requested the servant twist her long auburn locks so they hung fashionably down her back.
The morning passed slower than usual, and when Helena met with her father, she found she was at a loss for a topic. What she wanted to talk about was the opposite sex, Lucius in particular, but neither subject could she dare to broach.
"Is your inquisitive mind on vacation today, my dear?" Brutus said with a tender smile.
"Oh, Father, I feel I have already asked every question I can think of you."
"Don't tell me this is about your desire for tutoring. Am I no longer able to fulfill your quest for knowledge?" He paused. "Perhaps I can arrange something."
Normally, Helena would be ecstatic by Brutus's change of heart, but if she were to be tutored, she couldn't see Lucius. 
Of course, she meant to only see him once.
"Maybe next week, Father? I'm not feeling quite myself today."

Having spotted Annia heading toward the kitchen with her mother's breakfast tray, the food yet again untouched, Helena sneaked upstairs to her mother's bed chamber. Mother had yet to rise for the day, and like many other days, she would likely not show herself at all.
Helena tip-toed to the vanity, picked up her mother's polished sheet of bronze and stared at her reflection. Was that what she looked like to Lucius? She selected a powdering brush and dusted her face with her mother's white chalk. Then she used the charcoal pencil around her eyes. Not too much. She couldn't risk the change in her looks being too drastic. She clipped on golden tear-drop earrings and then smiled with satisfaction. The image looked older now.
Then she frowned. How ridiculous that she wanted a servant boy to think she was pretty.

Finally, Gordian and Cassius returned from their daily duties, the midday meal was eaten and her brothers joined their tutor in the study hall. Marcellus was under the care of his nanny, playing quietly in his room. She waited for the anticipated silence of the villa to slip away, but to her consternation new voices came from the front hallway. Her friend Tatiana and Tatiana's mother had dropped by. Helena suppressed a frown. Such unfortunate timing.
Tatiana was likable enough, though Helena's father thought her a vain little girl. Her mother Eudoxia, by contrast, gave Helena the shivers. She was tall for a woman, and thin like the branches of a tree. Her dark eyes pressed in towards her nose, and when she looked at Helena, it was as if she were examining her very soul.
"Helena, dear," Eudoxia said. "Please tell your mother I am here."
"I'm sorry, but Mother is unwell."
"Again? She will miss our- "
"I will tell her that you stopped by."
Eudoxia strained her neck, peering through the atrium as if she thought Helena was telling a falsehood.
"Are your brothers at home?" Tatiana whispered, her dark eyes darting across the atrium and up the stairs. She was tall like her mother with the voluptuous signs of womanhood evident under her tunic. Helena smelled a waft of strong perfume.
"They are with their tutor," Helena said stiffly. She remembered a time when Tatiana used to come to see her, not her brothers.
When they were younger, they played with their dolls made of bones or a game of knucklebones, but now all Tatiana wanted to do was talk of boys. How anyone could like her brothers in that way made Helena shudder.
Her mind went to Lucius. What would Tatiana think of him? Nothing much, probably. She'd never look twice at a servant boy, though if Helena told her about their accidental meeting, Tatiana might insist on seeing him.
No, that would never do. Lucius would remain her own little secret. 
Helena watched Tatiana and her mother bless the gods at the doorway of the house and again at the gate as they left. Then she hurried out the back entrance, hoping she wasn't too late.


Chapter Four
LUCIUS

Everyone in the compound had chores, from the youngest to the oldest, with the exception of young babies. Girls learned how to cook and bake and do laundry, and also to tend to the gardens and help harvest olives and grapes. Boys cared for livestock, built outbuildings, made clay, crushed olives to make oil and crushed grapes to make wine. Some were recruited to work in the "big house" as cooks, cleaners and personal slaves. They were considered the fortunate ones because they got better quality clothes, and could partake of the kitchen scraps which were often better than regular fare in the compound.
Occasionally, the children would find a moment to play. Some of the younger boys had fashioned a ball out of twine, and kicked it around.
It tumbled toward Lucius as he walked by.
"Lucius! Here!" called one of the boys. Lucius gave it a playful kick back. 
His sister, Teria accompanied him to the well. She was only in her twelfth year but still managed to carry a bucket of water back to their hut without spilling very much.
He wished she didn't have to work so hard, but it was her place in this life, in this compound. It was the will of the gods. At least she wasn't a slave, but he wondered what difference that detail made in her life.
Their hut was one of many tucked into a corner of the Vibius property, as far away from the big house as possible. After filling their two buckets, which hung from either end of a pole straddling his upper back, they returned to the compound.
"Do you ever wonder what's out there?" Teria asked.
So he wasn't the only one.
 "Yes, I do," Lucius answered. "I think about it almost non- stop."
"Sometimes I think I'd like to leave the compound and see it," she said, her face serious. "But at other times, the idea frightens me."
"That's only because you don't know what it's like," Lucius said, grunting under the weight of his burden. "I imagine it's very exciting. And that's the great thing, about being free, Teria. We could leave this place one day if we wanted to."
"Do you want to, Lucius?"
He  nodded. "Some day."
"But I'll miss you if you go," she said in a small voice.
If Lucius could've reached out and scrubbed her head with reassurance, he would have. "I'm not going now, so you'll have to put up with me for a little longer yet."
After delivering the water to their mother, Lucius tended the chickens, cleaned the coop, and gave them fresh food and water. 
He rushed to complete the task. If he were going to meet with Helena, he had to get going. It wouldn't do for him to arrive after her. He grabbed a small handcrafted stool, and headed out.
Would she show?
There was only one way to find out.
"Lucius?" a concerned voice called out.
Oh, to the gods. He needed to be more careful. No one could know about this meeting with the master's daughter, or if he should be so fortunate, any additional meetings that might follow.
He spun on his heel. "Felicity?"
"Do you need help?"
"With what?"
"With whatever you're doing with that stool." She tossed a long, dark braid over her shoulder. "Way out here."
"Were you following me?"
"I saw you walking," she shrugged. "I was just curious."
Felicity was a few years older than he. Though a slave, she saw herself as his keeper, since she'd watched over him often as a child.
Lucius forced himself to keep from staring at the alcove. He was so close now. He just had to get rid of Felicity.
"Quintus wanted me to gather a few more olive samples from the outer regions of the grove."
"Without a bucket?"
"Yeah, I forgot a bucket."
"Do you want me to get you one?"
"No, no. That's okay. I just have to bring back a few. But first I'm checking the health of the trees. They're getting on the old side."
"And that's why you brought a stool?"
He'd momentarily forgotten the object in his hand. "Right. In case I tire."
Felicity gave him a questioning look. "Okay, Lucius. I'll see you later." 
She left him walking in the direction of the compound. He made a show of examining a few trees, and when he was certain she was out of sight, he slipped into the grove, stool in hand.


Chapter Five
HELENA

Helena stopped at the knoll, hand over heart as she caught her breath. Lucius mustn't catch her running. She slid behind an olive tree out of sight and spotted him in the distance. Then her eye caught another figure. A girl. She and Lucius spoke together, and after a few moments, the girl left. Lucius waited until she was gone before heading for the alcove.
Helena watched as he entered. He faced her direction as if to signal he knew she was there and to make clear the way in.
Would she really go? 
Her legs started moving before her mind could talk her out of it.
She entered the alcove at the exact spot she'd seen Lucius go in. Inside was a bare grassy area the size of three carriages. She was surprised at how secluded and protected it was.
Lucius stood in the middle, hands hanging at his sides. He'd washed up, his face scrubbed clean of grime and sweat, and his hair brushed off his face.
Helena took an involuntary step back. She'd never been alone in a room with a man before, and Lucius was a man, not a boy as she'd first thought of him. Little moths of fear twitched in her stomach. She'd foolishly placed herself in a very compromising situation.
"I won't hurt you," Lucius said, as if reading her mind.
How could she know that for sure? What did she know of his character? 
"Miss Helena, I may not be a nobleman, but I am a gentleman." He motioned to a crudely built stool. "It's not fine furniture, but?"
"It's fine." She quickly stepped to it and sat down.
Lucius sat on the grass at her feet and Helena's face flushed red. Her hands shook slightly, and her heart beat like a rabbit's. His effect on her was unexpected and aggravating.
"Thank you for coming," he said.
"It was a mistake."
"Either way, you are here. How about my first lesson?"
Helena considered him. She had come, and so the least she could do was comply with his request. After all, she knew what it felt like to be denied a proper education.
"How old are you?" she asked in Latin.
He began to answer in Punic. 
"In Latin. You said you knew a bit."
Lucius shifted uncomfortably and started with careful, stiff Latin. "I am seventeen. I'm told I was born in the fall, so soon I'll be eighteen."
"You don't know the date of your birth?" Helena was surprised.
"Not exactly. How old are you?"
Should she allow personal questions? Perhaps simple ones were okay.
"I am sixteen."
Her heart rate had slowed, and Helena found she was enjoying the company of this servant. Suddenly she wanted to know more about him.
"How long have you lived on my father's property?" she asked
"My whole life."
Helena couldn't keep the stunned look off her face. His whole life? That would be her whole life as well. All this time they lived minutes away from each other, and she never knew of him.
But he'd been clear he'd known of her.
"Siblings?" she asked
"A sister."
"Was she that girl who was with you?"
Lucius studied her, his eyes sparkling with humor. "No, that was Felicity. Why, were you jealous?"
"That's absurd!"
Lucius looked away. "Of course it is. My apologies."
Helena suddenly felt the need to know about all the living and breathing that had been going on around her while she'd been consumed in her comfortable little world in the villa. She asked about his parents, what they did for her father, how many other workers lived on the land. She was envious to learn Lucius had grown up playing with a number of children.
"And this Felicity is a free servant as well?"
Lucius frowned. "No, Felicity is a slave."
"But you two are friends?"
"Yes."
How friendly? Helena found she didn't want to know. And she had been at the alcove too long already. She couldn't afford to be missed. 
Not that anyone would actually miss her.
She stood. "I must go."
Lucius stood as well. "Will you come again?"
"Lucius, you must know that what you ask is very dangerous."
He held her gaze, then glanced to the ground appropriately. "I do. And I'd understand fully should you choose to decline."
Helena had promised him a lesson, and yet she'd spent the whole time interrogating him. She owed him at least one meeting where she actually taught him something.
She smoothed out her tunic. "Maybe I can come once more. What is it that you would like to learn?"
Lucius's lips tugged up crookedly. "Can you bring a map? I would like to know where I am in the world."


Chapter Six
HELENA

Helena moved across the upper level of the peristyle towards her younger brother Marcellus, who was peering dreamily out of a window. He didn't acknowledge his sister. His attention was captured by the entourage heading for their property.
"What is it, Marcellus?"
"It's Gordian and Cassius. They have a table."
"A table?" She peered out the window. 
Her older brothers arrived in a carriage with someone from the city. Indeed, there was a table in the back.
"I wonder what that is for," she said, turning to Marcellus. 
She noticed dark semi-circles under her younger brother's eyes. It didn't seem normal that a young boy could tire so easily, and especially one who had so recently been full of energy and mischief, enough to drive the household to the grave.
When he turned to look at her, she saw a sore the size of a denari festering on his face.
"What happened there?" she asked.
"I don't know."
She moved his chin with her finger. "Did you bang your cheek on something?"
"I don't remember."
"You must be more careful. That's ghastly."
It would heal, she told herself, as all the cuts and bruises acquired by young boys did. Surely it was nothing, but she must remember to point it out to Father.
They watched their brothers help the man lift the heavy object from the carriage. Their faces were strained and red, and their movements were cumbersome like a large ungraceful beast's. Cassius opened the gate.
"They're taking it to the courtyard," she said. 
So this was the gift she'd overheard them talking about. Something they'd hoped would help pull their mother out of her dark mood. 
She turned toward the staircase. From the top one could see the entire mosaic of the atrium floor. The smooth surfaces of the broken bits of tile and glass, contrasted with the roughness of the putty that sealed them together. The particular slant of the sunbeams shone through the opening in the roof and bounced off the glass pieces, triggering an enchanting dance of light.
From the main level the mosaic was no more than a random scattering of multi-colored, multi-shaped tiles, but from higher ground, like the top of the long staircase where she and Marcellus were perched, one could see the whole picture. Wild beasts fighting to the death. For many years she was frightened by the scene, and would avert her eyes. But her father taught her to see the beauty in bloodshed.
Her brothers should be in the courtyard by now.
"I'll race you there!" she said playfully to Marcellus, bounding down the stairs and through the back of the house to the garden patio. She plunked herself onto one of the couches and waited, but Marcellus didn't jog in behind her.
"Where are you?" she shouted, then traced her steps back into the house. Marcellus remained on the staircase, leaning against the railing.
"What's the matter?" she said.
"I don't know. I don't feel well." 
He turned and with slow determined steps returned to his chamber.
Marcellus was ill. She would tell her father immediately, for he too had arrived to inspect the gift for his wife. Helena headed back to the courtyard but was swept up in the excitement of the moment along with her father, Gordian and Cassius. She forgot entirely about Marcellus's ailment until much later.

The dining patio had a canopy above as a defense from the harsh, mid-afternoon sun. It opened onto the courtyard, where a life-sized statue of Jupiter was the center-piece of a water fountain. It spread a fine mist over the many palms and flora growing in large, clay pots. A number of house cats lounged in the shade. 
Helena removed her sandals and rubbed her feet on the cool, terracotta floor tiles. Her brothers and father stood over the table admiring the craftsmanship. 
"Do you think she'll like it?" Cassius said.
"Shh, Cassius," Helena said, spotting Virina. "Mother is coming!" 
"Go, Helena," Brutus said. "Tell her to cover her eyes, and lead her in!"
Helena did as commanded, thrilled with her roll in this great surprise. Her mother complied, allowing herself to be led into the courtyard as if she were blind.
"Okay, Mother," Cassius said. "You may look."
They were rewarded with a genuine response of gratitude and admiration.
"Oh, boys!" she said, drawing a long finger over the tile mosaic top. "It's beautiful! What fine work." 
The couches were moved to surround three sides of the new table, and they all lounged as slaves brought out several rounds of food and drink.
"Come, my sweet," Brutus said to Helena. "I think an old man like me is entitled to a hug once in a while."
Helena, charmed at being a source of affection and pride to her father, allowed herself to be swallowed in his strong arms. He smelled faintly of wine and olives as he had been inspecting his crops that morning.
She settled into the lounge beside him, and reached for a melon slice. Gordian sat across from her, his dark eyebrows pinched together as if deep in thought.
"I saw Pionius today at the baths," he finally stated. "He also is to leave shortly to join the army."
Gordian had become a man swiftly, Helena thought, as though overnight. He had recently turned nineteen, and had grown to the height of their father. He was handsome in a cultured way, not at all like the rugged attractiveness she found in the freedman's boy, Lucius. The thought of him and his arrogant assumption stirred her, and she pushed down her growing desire to meet him tomorrow.
"This is true," Brutus replied, "as I have spoken with his father about it often. We are proud to see our sons turn into men, but I must once again provoke you, Gordian, to consider rather a position in the Senate."
"Father, you know how I feel," Gordian said, a wave of crimson betraying his effort to control his temper. "Perhaps during the republic, the Senate wielded some power and influence, but now it's become nothing more than a place for overfed patricians to entertain themselves with lofty, meaningless debates."
"You judge the Senate harshly, Gordian. Life in the army is difficult, barbaric even. Not to mention the possibility that you might not return home. I am in a position to spare you this."
"And this I respect and admire, Father. However, I've made up my mind. Perhaps when I tire of the army and the excitement of battle, I will return to fondle words in the Senate."
"Oh Brutus, he is a man now," added their mother, lifting her glass in a mock toast, "We should cheer him on."
"Very well, Virina. So be it," Brutus said, his lips tight. He turned toward the servants, who stood waiting in the shadows by the kitchen.
"Annia," he called. "It appears that we are celebrating. Summon the dancer and flutist."
"In a couple years, I will join you brother," Cassius added eagerly. He was nearing eighteen now, the same age as Lucius, she thought, though so much softer.
"Be not in a rush to leave us as well, my son," said Brutus. "You have your studies still."
"I know, Father, it's just that it sounds so exciting. I desire adventure."
"And I'm sure it desires you, Cassius. Let it come to you at the proper time."
"You desire the army, Cassius?" Gordian said, scoffing. "You have no stomach for the blood of the arena, much less the blood of battle!"
Cassius shrunk back, quietly sputtering his defense. "I'm doing better now. Once I join the army, I'll be as brave as any gladiator or soldier in Rome."
Helena was not permitted to attend the games, even though she thought it unfair that her brothers were, again, allowed to do something she was not. Secretly she was glad of it. She had no desire to see blood other than at the sacrifices. She worried that Gordian might be killed in battle, but if something should ever happen to Cassius, it would be torment. Though they had grown apart in recent years, Cassius was at one time her most constant playmate. She prayed to the gods that he would not go when the time came.
A slave masterfully played a happy tune on the flute, much to Helena's relief, and was joined by a young slave girl, who began to dance. She was dressed in the standard white tunic and leather belt of the slaves and servants of the house of Vibius. Helena thought she was pretty for a slave, and noticed that the girl's eyes darted often to those of her brother Gordian. He acted like he did not notice her, yet his eyes gave his pretense away. Had he befriended a slave, in the same way she had befriended Lucius?
Her mother noticed the exchange as well and frowned in response. "Gordian," she said tersely, "Please pass me the bread and honey."
Gordian did as requested, tossing his own food scraps onto the floor in front of the table. The slaves would sweep it up later.
"I have more bright news to share with my family," said Brutus. "I am to ship out my largest order of olive oil to date. Eighteen hundred amphora!"
Helena had visited the olive plant once with her father. She could barely lift the large clay jars filled with oil.
"That's great, Father," echoed Gordian and Cassius.
"Where will you get so many amphora?" asked Virina.
"Isaac the Jew. Though I despise giving a Jew so much good business, he is undoubtedly the best clay maker in Carthage. I can take no chances on a lesser quality clay vessel that may leak or break during the voyage to Italy."
"I'd rather deal with a Jew than a Christian!" said Gordian. "Have you seen that crazy fool, Tertullian? The way he flaunts his teachings about a poor Jew who was crucified in Judea? Craziness. Jews and Christians are both crazy, claiming there is only one god. Ludicrous!"
"But why are there so many?" asked Helena. "Why not just one god?"
"Only one god?!" Brutus laughed out loud. "Oh, young one. You do make me laugh with all your questions. But the answer is simple. The gods watch over and rule space. There is too much space for just one god to look after. And we give thanks to them and make offerings, because we trespass on their space. Not sacrificing would be like living in another man's house and not paying rent."
"I see," she said, feeling slighted by being called a young one. Did her family not see that she, too, was growing up?
"Anyway, let's not waste time discussing Jews and Christians," Brutus said. "Cassius, tell us of your studies with Demetri today."
"He taught us about Logos. Good lies not in eternal objects," Cassius answered, "but in the state of the soul itself, in the wisdom and restraint by which a person is delivered from the passions and desires that perturb the ordinary life."
"That is a philosophy that would be worth putting into practice," Virina remarked to Gordian whose attention was once again diverted by the dancing slave girl. "And not only into your vast file of knowledge."
"Of course, Mother," Gordian said, aware that his indiscretion had betrayed him. "Wisdom, courage, justice and temperance-this is my motto."
"Demetri said that Greek philosophers of Stoicism recognize and advocate the brotherhood of humanity and natural equality of all human beings," said Cassius.
"Does that mean we are equal with the slaves that serve us?" said Helena, reminded of Lucius's need to affirm his freedom.
"Really, Helena!" spat Gordian. "That's the second stupid question of the day. Father, must she remain with us?"
"Her questions are harmless, Gordian," Brutus said. "She has an inquiring mind. It is our responsibility to shape it."
"If she weren't a girl, she could see Demetri with me," said Cassius.
"Lots of girls study with Greek tutors!" Helena said.
"Not lots," returned Gordian.
"Yes, lots."
"Now, now children, stop," Virina said. "And by the way," she added, "Where is Marcellus?"
"Oh, Mother," Helena said, "I forgot. Marcellus is not well." She shared her concerns about her brother, his lack of energy and the sore on his face.
"I suppose I should go check on him." Virina moved her long legs over the couch, slipping her feet into her sandals, and losing her balance briefly in her effort to stand. She threw back her head, finishing the wine in her glass. "I think I'll return to my chambers from there."

Chapter Seven
HELENA'S JOURNAL

I've taken to recording my thoughts on papyrus, my father having given me several rolls for my studies. With no one but myself to talk to, perhaps writing these things down will help me sort out my feelings.
I met with the servant, Lucius, for the second time this week. He was so eager to learn and so grateful for the maps I brought, it made me feel-useful. And appreciated. I find I'm looking forward to meeting with him again, and am already planning what new things I could teach him.
Of course what I'm doing, what we're both doing, is extremely dangerous. If Father found out, he would be gravely disappointed in me but worse, I know in my heart of hearts, he would have Lucius put to death.
I've been very plain with Lucius about the risks, but these are risks he's willing to take. Education is freedom, he says.
As a woman, I will never be truly free, but at least, for the first time in my life, I finally feel alive.


Chapter Eight
LUCIUS

When they were apart, he couldn't stop thinking about the master's daughter, and when they were together, it was all he could do to keep from staring. Though not ravishingly beautiful like some of the statue goddesses, he found her countenance striking. She was soft with youthful womanly curves, and her skin was clear and smooth as alabaster with just a smattering of sun-kissed freckles on her nose. Her lips were round and moist; he imagined what it would be like to kiss?.
"Lucius! Am I boring you?"
"No, no of course, not." Lucius sat straighter, careful to erase all emotion from his face. "I, my mind?"
"It's okay. It's hard to concentrate when it's so hot out." Helena pushed a stray auburn curl behind her ear. "Have you heard of the Aeneid?"
"Yes, I know of the Aeneid, and about Virgil of course," Lucius said. He silently rebuked himself for letting his mind wander. Especially about her. 
"My father told me the Aeneid takes up where Homer's Iliad left off, even though he wrote the Iliad in Greek and Virgil wrote in Latin." She sat across from him on the blanket she'd begun to bring with her daily. She told him the chair was too uncomfortable. 
"Cassius doesn't know I have this," she said, unrolling the scroll, "so I must be very careful not to damage it, and replace it before he returns."
Lucius bowed his head. "I'm greatly indebted to you, Helena. Your willingness to teach me has enriched my education, and your company is a pleasure." He raised his chin and caught her eyes. "But you meet with me at great personal risk and I'm not worthy. I was the one who recklessly initiated our meeting up together, and now I insist that we stop."
"What? Of course we will not stop." Helena's brows pulled together, her cheeks reddened. "And, may I point out to you, that if anyone is to call our meetings to a halt, it shall be me."
Lucius bowed his head again. She had surprised him. Not only was she intelligent and witty, but strong-spirited. She didn't make him feel like an underling or an outcast. In fact, he got the impression that she enjoyed his company nearly as much as he enjoyed hers.
"I acquiesce to you."
"Good. Let's continue."  Helena cleared her throat. "Virgil tells of the final victory of the Greeks, and how the hero Aeneas seeks the far-off shores of Italy, where he hopes to make a new home." 
Reading in Latin, she began:
"I sing of warfare and man at war.
From the sea coast of Troy in early days
He came to Italy by destiny,
To our Lavinian western shore,
A fugitive, the captain, buffeted
Cruelly on land as on sea
By blows from powers of the air behind them
Baleful Juno in her sleepless rage.

"What did I just say?" she asked. He repeated the translation back in Punic. She handed the scroll to him.
"Good, now why don't you read this section out loud to me?"
Lucius accepted the scroll tentatively, his eyes scanning the text until he found where she'd left off.
"?and Juno cared more for Carthage
Than for any walled city of the earth,?"
Lucius glanced at his pretty tutor, surprised by the reference to his home city, then continued, 
"?and Chariot were kept, and fate permitting
Carthage would be the ruler of the world."
"How interesting," he mused.
"What?"
"That Virgil would write of Carthage so, for even I know Carthage was the rival of Rome for many years, and it took three wars before she was severely conquered."
Helena nodded, then explained. "Carthage to Juno is like a beautiful young lady to a young man." 
Like you are to me, Lucius thought. He lifted his head to face her and found her staring at him. Did she feel it, too? This energy they shared. Could she possibly have feelings for him?
Helena surprised him by looking away first. Her face flushed attractively. 
"You've done very well, Lucius," she said with a hitch in her voice. She rolled the scroll back into its original position. Apparently his lesson was over. 
"Hopefully," Helena continued without looking at him, "I can sneak this away from Cassius again tomorrow. They seem to go out often. When they're not being tutored they go to the debates or the baths or the temples."
Lucius had wondered more than once if Helena's marriage had already been arranged, as she was well past the legal age of twelve. And it wasn't only because he'd hate to lose his teacher.
The feelings he had for her had grown so sharply, he suddenly had to know.
"Has your father made arrangements for you?" His question was bold, and he prepared himself for a verbal lashing. But none came.
Helena hesitated before speaking softly. "I don't know. If he has, he hasn't told me of it."
"Well, one never knows," Lucius continued lightly. "The gods may even design that you and I one day marry."
"Each other?" she said, shocked.
Now that the words had fled his mouth Lucius knew they were presumptuous, but he didn't have a dignified way to back out. "Yes, why not? I mean if the gods desire it."
"But, Lucius," Helena said, her eyes softening, "even though you have become my good friend, I don't think Father would ever permit me to marry you."
"Of course. I'm merely the son of a freedman in your father's service."
"It would seem improper."
So now Lucius knew. His heart and his mouth could betray him. He must take precautions. He must never let himself fall in love with the daughter of Brutus Vibius.
Unfortunately, he feared that might not be so easy.


Chapter Nine
HELENA

The empire celebrated The Ambarvalia, a festival dedicated to the gods of agriculture. It was Helena's first time to attend, having convinced her Father that she was a woman now and admissible. 
Her father walked quickly through the thick crowds, his long stride making it difficult for Helena to keep up, and more than once the toe of her sandal caught on the rocks that paved the city roads causing her to stumble. 
In truth, the crowds intimidated her, and she reluctantly admitted to herself that she wished to go home, a desire she kept quiet while in the presence of the bright faces of her brothers. 
"Festival days are so invigorating, aren't they, Father?" said Gordian.
"Indeed."
"How long until we reach the temple?" added Cassius.
"With the crowds, much longer than normal," said Brutus, nodding toward the masked dancers that lined the way. "They are here to entertain us so time will pass more quickly."
Warm sweaty bodies pushed Helena hard against her father. She could not see the procession of the beast being led to the temple. Her only view was the gray haze veiling the North African sky.
She lost her footing and the swell and surge of the crowd pulled her away. Panic formed a dry lump in her throat like a poorly chewed almond nut. She cried out, but her pleas evaporated. Disoriented, she fell, her knee scraping the rocks of the road.
"Helena?"
"Cassius!" She waved frantically. "Over here."
Cassius pushed against the crowd, reaching her. He grabbed her by the hand. "Are you okay?"
"Yes," she said, her voice a barely controlled quiver. 
They waded through the crowds, her heart not slowing until they found their father again.
"There you are," Gordian said. "What's the matter, can't keep up?" He sneered as he stared down at her. "I told Father you were too young for the festival."
"Shut up, Gordian," Helena snapped. "I will always be too young for everything as far as you are concerned."
They were almost at the temple now. The priests would be performing sacrifices at different points throughout Carthage. Indeed, sacrifices would be made through all of Rome.
Staying close to Cassius, Helena jostled for position, maintaining a steady view. They were at the foot of Byrsa Hill, upon which the white marble basilica dazzled the eyes. Finally, the priests and their custodians passed through the doorways onto the temple steps. One of the priests standing between the pillars of the temple thrust his hands to the sky. The crowd responded enthusiastically, with shouts and cheers to the gods of the fields. The priest with his custodians descended the steps and with the help of the whip, brought the sheep, goats and oxen up the cement stairs, to the altar.
Helena spotted a familiar flop of sun-bleached hair. Lucius stood tall among his family with the rest of the servants of the house of Vibius. He wore a rough sleeveless tunic, cinched with a leather belt above his hips. He looked raw and rugged, so un-like the sophistication of her brothers. Helena felt a small gasp leave her lips. It was strangely odd to see him in this setting, away from the privacy of their alcove.
As if he could feel her eyes on him, he turned to her. She wouldn't glance away; she was the master's daughter. The corner of his lips lifted slightly. The only acceptable form of acknowledgement he could give her. No one even knew that they were acquainted. No one must ever know. He looked away.
If only he weren't a servant boy. Helena was surprised by her thoughts. Oh to the gods, if only he weren't so appealing.
Refocusing on the procession, she watched the priests, who with much effort forced the first beast, a white unblemished ox, onto the platform by pulling its head. Then it was forced sharply backwards, onto its haunches.
The chief priest pulled his hood over his head. Helena had learned from her father that this was to guard himself against the sights and sounds of ill omens. He sprinkled wine and sacred cake onto the beast and murmured softly to the gods, the triad, Jupiter, Juno and Minerva, the premier gods to be honored on this day. Behind him a man played a flute. The music was soothing and prevented any sounds of ill omens from being heard.
"Oh, great gods Jupiter, Juno and Minerva," the chief priest shouted. "Because you have given to the kingdom and to its emperor prosperity and peace, we offer this sacrifice of thanks to you."
A custodian stunned the animal with a pole-ax. The priest brought the knife swiftly across the animal's throat, and blood spurted like the juice from a ripe pomegranate, spraying all those near it.
Helena pressed her eyes shut. When she dared to peek around with one eye opened, she was relieved to see no one was paying her a bit of notice. When she looked over her shoulder, she saw Tatiana on a litter carried by her family's Ethiopian slaves. Her eyes were wide with delight and she clapped her hands enthusiastically. 
The priest managed to catch a modest amount of blood with a bowl, and poured it over the altar.
The entrails were yet to be removed. The priest worked swiftly with a few expert cuts, skinning and cutting the animal into pieces. He placed the entrails into a large platter and carried them to the alter fire to be burned. The remains would be studied for omens, whether good or bad.
The bones and fat would be burned on the altar fire for the gods, and the rest would be cooked and eaten by those so chosen.
The next beast was then brought to the altar.
After many demonstrations of blood and offerings to the many gods of the fields, and petitions for successful crops, the display of blood lost its distasteful effect on Helena. She no longer had to close her eyes, except to rest.
"Are you fatigued?" her father asked.
"I'm fine."
"The festivities have a way of wearing out even the sturdiest of men, and there is still so much left to go. I will send you home with one of the slaves. You can check up on little Marcellus for me."
Though her mouth continued to deny the obvious, she readily returned to the villa with one of the slaves. She couldn't help but scout for another glimpse of Lucius, but he was not to be seen.


Chapter Ten
AD 200
HELENA

They met regularly all winter and into spring. Avoiding detection by her family had turned out to be amazingly simple, laughably so, in fact. Father was busy with his businesses and his senator friends, Cassius with his studies and his work alongside their father; and Gordian had joined the Army just as spring arrived. Mother preferred the dark quiet of her chambers, and Marcellus, still so sickly, stuck close to his nanny-slave.
As they sat together in the alcove, Helena considered how Lucius had changed over the last few months-taller, stronger and bolder. They avoided the awkward subject of her inevitable nuptials, sticking with the safe topics of literature, history and geography. 
She found herself confiding in him, revealing family matters as personal as how her mother suffered from depression and how her brother Gordian frightened her a little. Their relationship moved precariously close to a line of familiarity that was unacceptable. In fact, Helena was sure they had already crossed it, yet neither of them could or would retreat.
Now they discussed their emperor, and the rumors that had filtered south to Carthage.
Lucius reclined on the blanket and chewed a stalk of grass. "It's outrageous, the goings on in Rome these days. A second attempt to assassinate Commodus in what, six months?"
"It certainly is frightful," Helena answered, shaking her head. "It makes one wonder if the attempts will continue until one is successful."
Lucius shrugged his square shoulders. "I have heard that Commodus went crazy after his sister's betrayal."
Helena cocked an eyebrow. "I would be careful in how you would speak of the emperor in public, Lucius." 
"Indeed. But this is not public, is it?"
Helena allowed a slight smile. "No."
"And shouldn't a student be free to ask and raise questions?"
"You are right. What we speak of together will stay between us. And I agree. Commodus is behaving most unbecomingly for a ruler of Rome."
"I've also heard the stories, of reckless spending, carousing with women with no consideration to his wife, and indulging in wine until he blacks out."
"My goodness, Lucius, where do you hear all these things?
"In the markets, on the steps of the senate. I overhear conversations while running errands--in your father's service, of course."
"I don't question that you work hard for my father."
Lucius lowered his head.
"I hear things, too." Helena continued. "My father speaks freely in my presence. He also fears for the life of our emperor. I offer prayers to the gods daily, for the well being of our impertinent emperor, and for Rome."
"We had all hoped he would live up to the reputation of his father, Marcus Aurelius," Lucius said. "I'm not alone when I say I'm disappointed."
Helena shifted in her spot on the blanket. "Even in his extravagance, he has proven to be harmless."
"Except that his citizens grow hungry due to his flagrant spending."
"But if something were to happen to him?." Helena shuddered.
One only had to review the course of history and how life changed for all Roman citizens whenever the purple emperor's robe was passed on to another.
"The time has flown by once again." Helena stood and smoothed her skirt. "I promised Tatiana I would visit this afternoon." 
Lucius picked up the blanket, folded it and handed it to her, his hand brushing hers as he did. Like flint struck by an axe, the moment of contact sent heated shivers up Helena's spine. Not since their accidental brushing of arms while picking olives last summer had they come in any kind of physical contact.
Their eyes locked until Lucius bowed his head.
Helena had fooled herself into thinking Lucius was merely a friend to her, like a brother. But her brothers didn't have this kind of effect on her. She let out a long controlled breath. She must be more guarded with her heart.
She left without saying goodbye. 


Chapter Eleven
HELENA

Tatiana's family estate was as large as Helena's. Vast vineyards blanketed the hillside, and the Mediterranean sunshine radiated warmth off the stone pathway that meandered through the gardens. Tatiana weaved her arm through Helena's and led her towards the gazebo, past numerous statues of gods and goddesses and refreshing water fountains. 
"Nesta!" Tatiana barked. "Prepare for us to dine and deliver it to the gazebo." 
Tatiana's slave scurried away to do as commanded
"It's so lovely here," Helena said.
Tatiana played with the jewels around her neck. "The gods have blessed us." 
Upon arriving at the gazebo, Helena sat on a lounge chair overlooking the valley. She relished the shade and the soft perfume of the vines and fauna weaving through the trellises. Nesta soon returned with a tray of bread, goat cheese, grapes and tea. Having served Tatiana and Helena, she bowed and backed away silently.
"Is your house as quiet as mine?" Tatiana asked.
"With Father and my brothers at the games, yes, it's like a tomb."
"My father won't let me go to the games, even though I beg him every time." Tatiana dropped a grape into her mouth, and spoke again while chewing. "He says I can go when I'm married. Ha!"
"Has he discussed marriage with you? Do you think he has chosen someone?"
"This is a matter he will decide without me, I'm afraid. I'm hoping he'll choose one of those handsome young senators or an army general would be good. Of course, our fathers may choose to join our families."
"What do you mean?"
"Well," Tatiana said, smoothing her dark hair with her hands. "I think Cassius is handsome."
"Cassius?" Helena set her tea cup down. "He's just a youth!"
"Oh, I know. But still, it could be advantageous to join our families. Think how grand our estates would be together. And it's not so uncommon for a man to marry young."
Helena considered this. As much as she cared for Tatiana-she was the closest thing Helena had to a sister-she didn't really want her to join the family as Cassius's wife. Cassius was dear to her, and if she were honest, Helena desired someone better than Tatiana for him.
"But you're still so young as well," Helena said.
"I'm sixteen. Certainly old enough. And you well know that Roman girls are to be married by nineteen. That means you too, Helena. One day you will have to stop acting like a child."
"I do not act like a child!"
"Oh, I mean no offense. It's just you don't seem to notice men, the way a potential bride would."
Helena's thoughts immediately went to Lucius and their clandestine meetings. And the touch. She knew what Tatiana meant. It was true her heart never chased boys the way Tatiana's did. She was much too busy with reading and studying. And now Lucius. 
"If you are saying I don't like boys, well, that's just not true. I know well enough that my time as a single woman will pass fast enough. I'm choosing to enjoy my freedom while I can."
Tatiana burst out laughing. "Is that how you view marriage? Bondage? I for one can't wait to get out of my father's house. He doesn't let me do anything. His answers to my requests are always no. This is bondage."
"Even so, you don't get to pick your husband. It could be worse."
"I suppose," Tatiana said. "But it could be better."
 She waved her hand and Nesta ran to clear the table.
"Another turn in the garden, Helena?"


Chapter Twelve
HELENA'S JOURNAL

My brother Marcellus is ill unto death. The sore on his face has grown large like an open lemon; with small fusions of white lumps dripping blood. He suffers terribly.
The whole house is in an uproar; my poor mother is like a worn cloth rung out in the river, her tears never drying, her anguish raised above the house like a flag.
Daily we make sacrifices to the gods that guard over our house, and all the servants and slaves are gathered to pray and weep with us. Every afternoon we make the mournful journey to the temples of Carna, the protector of people's health, and to the temples of Jupiter, the mightiest god of all. Father pleads and rips his beard.
We take the carriages, four in all, to carry as many of the household of Vibius as possible. We are like a parade of sadness. All of Carthage is watching.
My mind is a flurry of thoughts, and I muster the courage to hold on to the happy ones, fearing the days of delight and celebration will die with Marcellus.
Just last summer, our family rode into Carthage center to see the general of the African Province, Septimius Severus, who marched through the city with his legions. I will never forget the excitement and thrill that coursed through my body, for the general was a sight to behold, surely a god in the flesh.
The way he sat so straight and proud in the saddle of his steed-the sunlight glistening off the overlapping plates of polished iron and bronze, made more than one lady gasp and faint. He had a wide, swarthy face, a strong determined jaw and sharp, intelligent eyes. When he spoke, first in Latin and then in his native Punic, it was with authority and passion, and secured the hearts of the people.
Even then Marcellus tired quickly. Father carried him on his back. I remembered how Father teased Marcellus that soon he would be too big to be lugged around like a sack of grain. 
These days, Mother's own consuming needs keep poor Annia at her beck and call, day and night, which brings me to the shadow in the corner, the slave girl called Felicity. The friend of Lucius.
Funny that he and I never spoken of her, in all the times we met together. She was two years my senior, and from the scraps of conversation I picked up over the past days, she was to be a gift to me on my next birthday. Instead, my father presented her to me yesterday without celebration.
She is as awkward as I in our new relationship. Gordian says I'm too independent for my own good, and it's time I learn how to handle the slaves and give over the mundane duties I've taken on myself (due to my mother's lapses, he all but said).
So she, I am not yet accustomed to saying her name out loud, waits patiently for my instructions, and I fret over what chore I should ask of her next.
Out of the corner of my eye I study her. If she should see me watching her forthright, she would step forward for my word, and I have none at the moment. She is taller than I, but darker in hair and eyes. Though not pretty, I imagine she could be with the right clothes and makeup, if she were not a slave.
I wonder how the gods divvy out the classes, why I would be chosen to be born to a wealthy respected family, and she to a slave couple purchased by my father.
Tatiana says she thinks me odd. She has no problem bossing her slave girl around and takes great delight in flaunting her authority over the girl in front of her friends. I pity the slave. My compassion makes me wonder if I am truly Roman.
This afternoon, I had an idea.
"Brush my hair," I said. 
She moved quickly, yet with grace, to the table where my brush lay, and came to me. I let her brush my hair, trying to enjoy the pleasure it brought to my scalp and pushing aside the awkwardness that accompanied her close proximity.
"That will do," I said
 With an expert hand, she twisted my hair into a fashionable knot, and clipped it with an ivory pin. She moved back into the shadows to wait for my next order. 
She will follow me everywhere, like a dog. This was my father's instruction. I suppose I will get used to it, but at present I find it rather annoying. My greatest difficulty now is in how to see Lucius again. I am not yet sure I can trust this slave girl. I have missed my appointments with Lucius for the past two weeks, though I catch a glimpse of him during the times of family prayer. He must know the reason I am not keeping our appointments. I hope he does. I must find a way to return to him.
Moments ago, without his usual protocol, Cassius burst through my door. He startled me, and I dropped my pen, marking the papyrus with a large blot of ink.
He was winded, and his features were twisted in a disturbing manner. I knew what his announcement would be. 
Marcellus is dead.


Chapter Thirteen
HELENA

Marcellus's tiny form lay on the floor of the atrium, feet towards the door, as crowds of people streamed into the Vibius's villa to view his body. Professional mourners wailed in the midst of the people, their faces hidden behind wax masks of Vibius ancestors.
Musicians played in the corner, a priest chanted loudly, and Virina Vibius wept, crumpled on the tiles by Marcellus's head.
It was a hot summer's evening, and even with the incense burning it was impossible to escape the stench of human sweat. 
Helena covered her mouth to keep from gagging. A sob caught in her throat, but she didn't cry. She'd shed all her tears in the privacy of her chambers.
Finally it was time to carry her little brother's body to the burial tombs outside the city gates. The funeral procession would provide fresh air without which she was liable to faint.
Vibius servants and slaves followed alongside waving large palms to create a breeze for the mourners. Lucius was there, along with his family. She'd made note of his position, then chastised herself for allowing a single thought to enter her mind that didn't include Marcellus.
Felicity stayed closed to her side, and for once Helena was thankful. Annia propped Virina up as they walked, and Brutus and her brothers were in the front with the men. Without Felicity, Helena would be mourning alone.
The priest lit the funeral pyre and smoke billowed into the skies. Helena gasped as the body of her brother was set on top of the flames. The priest spoke a eulogy, but Helena couldn't make out the words. Her heart beat loudly, pulsing in her ears. The world around her felt distant and muffled like she'd fallen into a rain barrel. She leaned heavily against Felicity.
"Are you okay?" Felicity said.
Helena blinked rapidly, forcing herself to awaken from her faint.
"I think so."
The flame was extinguished and allowed to cool, then with shaking hands her mother scooped up the ashes of her youngest son, and poured them into the urn.
The urn was placed into the family tomb along with gifts for Marcellus to take with him into the afterlife-a blanket, a lantern, biscuits and water-things that a young boy might need to find his way in the underworld.
Helena brought a quill and ink so he might write to her somehow.
When it was over, Helena fell into her bed, certain she would sleep for a week with the exhaustion she felt. 
So long as she could keep the nightmares at bay.


Chapter Fourteen
HELENA

Helena watched Felicity through her window, ensuring that the girl returned to the slave compound as instructed. The clouds on the horizon were an angry purple, and Helena saw a flash of lighting startle the slave. The air was musky with humidity, like the heaviness that settled on her over the long week since Marcellus's death.
Perhaps she should not go today. The gods seemed displeased.
Yet, she couldn't stop herself. Her need to see Lucius, to be comforted by his presence, was as strong as her need to breathe. 
She stepped softly from her bedchamber and past her mother's door, taking a moment to peer inside to confirm that her mother lay on her bed. She continued quietly down the steps to her father's office, checking that he had left to inspect the pruning of his vineyards. Sneaking about inside, she grabbed the objects she desired. 
Gordian had yet to return to the army since Marcellus died, but it appeared he had gone with their father. She made one final scan of the peristyle and atrium in search of Cassius. He left most mornings to study at the senate or to work for their father, but Helena was unsure of his whereabouts now. He'd seemed quiet lately, thoughtful, and she wondered if Cassius had his own secret.
Once certain she had escaped the compound unnoticed, she furtively circled the gardens, a small blanket hidden under her toga. She carried study materials in her arms, and if she were questioned, her guise was that she was looking for an undisturbed place to write in her journal. She didn't understand the nervousness that flitted in her chest on this day, and she believed the extra caution she'd taken was prudent.
At least the storm had moved farther north.
When she arrived at the alcove, she took a moment to regain her composure. Lucius was there when she entered. He was always there first, waiting for her.
"Hello, Lucius."
"Hello." He took the blanket from her outstretched hand and flattened it out on the ground. "Thank you for coming again."
He said it so formally, as if he, too, had been shaken by their accidental touch. Her heart fluttered in her chest, and she found she could barely look at him without quivering.
"It is my pleasure," she said in a controlled voice.
"Your brother Marcellus- " he began.
"Please don't," Helena said more bravely than she felt. "It was the will of the gods to take him. We must not speak of it."
"As you wish."
"I've brought scrolls from my father's study. Here is the detailed map charting the way to the city of Rome, as you requested." 
"Wonderful," he said, but the way he looked at her, like she was the most beautiful creature he had ever seen, made her knees quake. She dropped to her place on the blanket.
"Lucius," she began tentatively, "is there a special reason you care about Rome?"
His eyes darkened. "I anticipate a day when I will leave here. When I will leave Carthage." 
"Why?" she said too quickly, but by his look she knew. He would leave once she was betrothed. Oh to the gods that that day would not come quickly.
Lucius feigned a smile and sat beside her. "I would like to travel and see the world."
Helena remained silent.  
"I am not a slave. I am free, and with my freedom I can aspire to more than service to a wealthy master. No offense to you, my lady."
Helena frowned. His words sounded formal and rehearsed. He'd been planning this for awhile.
"You have no comment?" he prodded.
"I understand."  
"Do you, Helena?"
She shouldn't have come today. She should've known by the dark sky. It was an omen, a warning.
"Is this something you intend to do soon?" She picked at the grass beside her. "Does my father know?"
Lucius leaned back. "Perhaps I have spoken out of turn. My own father does not know that I entertain such ideals. I only meant to share them with you, as my friend. If and when the day of my departure draws near, I will be the first to inform the master."
"Fair enough."
She handed him the map and waited as he unfolded the scroll. He examined the image closely, running his finger along the shipping lanes and then over the roads to Rome. His expression was so earnest, his eyebrows pinched together and his lips pursed in thought. She loved his face, and swallowed hard as she imagined the day when she could no longer gaze at him. His hair fell across his forehead and she fought the urge to reach out and draw it back.
"As you can see, you need to take a ship from Carthage across the sea to one of the ports along the coast of Italia," she said, hating how the thought of losing him made her voice catch. "See how it is shaped like a boot? Then it is many hours by carriage or horseback to the capital city of Rome."
"Indeed."
"It would be a dreadfully long and unpleasant trip. One I would never aspire to myself."
"It is certain to be a long trip, but an adventure, no?" His eyes widened, hopeful. "Is adventure not something you've dreamed of?"
"Adventures are not permissible to me, I'm afraid. And how dare I complain? I have a privileged life. I've never begged for bread."
"My apologies. You are right. You are a refined young woman, and deserving of the best comforts and greatest security. I forget myself."
Helena's emotions warred against each other. She wanted Lucius to have a better life, one that offered him adventure, and a family of his own one day. It was something she could never give to him. And yet she raged against a strong desire for him to always be here with her. She was ashamed of her own selfishness.
"Maybe I should go," Helena said. "I must get back before Felicity finds me out."
"She knows," he said, brushing her face with his hand as he moved wayward hair behind her ear. 
This time his touch wasn't accidental. It was purposeful and intimate, and she couldn't hide the shiver that traced down her spine.
"What do you mean?"she asked.
She thought of how she repeatedly tried to deceive her slave, begging midday fatigue, and telling Felicity quite sharply that she did not want to be watched while she slept.
"We have spoken about it," he said.
"You-you two are friends?"
"Not exactly friends. Not like you and me, Helena." 
She leaned back, her chest tight with anger. "I feel I am a fool, like the secret has been between you and her and not you and me!"
"You are no fool! Never have I met a wiser, more intelligent woman. Felicity and I have in a way grown up together. She is like a sister to me."
"Why haven't you spoken of her before now?"
"I don't know. When your father gave her to you, I felt it was not my place."
"But it is your place today?"
"I am trying to find my place. With you." He rubbed his face, exasperated. He leaned closer. "Try as I will, Helena, I cannot keep myself from loving you. This is my confession to you. You see me as a student, as a friend maybe, I see you as much more than that. I am tortured in my dreams, for my greatest anxiety is that you will never see me as more than the son of a freedman in your father's service!"
"Oh, Lucius," she said, her eyes burning with tears. He had broached the unspeakable, the forbidden. "Please, don't do this."
"I am sorry. It is already done."
He cupped her chin with his hand. She didn't pull away. He tilted his head down and kissed her.
She closed her eyes and yielded, her lips stroking his. Then she put a trembling hand on his chest and pushed lightly.
"You must never do that again," she whispered.
"But, you want me to. Don't you?"
"What I want and what you want does not factor in." Helena sighed heavily. Her heart burned, for more than anything she desired to throw herself into his arms.
Lucius tensed. "Shh. I hear something."
A cracking of twigs underfoot. Helena's heart took off like a chariot. Someone was out there!
A low voice called out, "Hello?"
"It's Gordian!" Helena whispered, her panic rising to the surface. 
Lucius rolled under the brush beside them just as Gordian's head popped through the opening. Helena jumped to her feet, pulling the blanket off the ground, erasing the indentations that showed two bodies had been lying on it.
"Gordian, you startled me," she said, smoothing her tunic and pressing fly away strands of hair against her head.
"What's going on here?" He looked at her sharply, with suspicion. 
His face had filled in with a dark beard, through which his lips curled in a snarl. He had an angry gash on his forehead that made him appear all the more menacing.
"Helena? Are you here with someone?"
"Of course not." She kept her back to where she knew Lucius was hiding, hoping to conceal him with her body. She forced a light hearted tone. "I'm merely writing in my journal."
"Here? What's wrong with the villa?"
"I get bored of being in the villa all day." She bent down to roll the map, as she spoke, hoping that her brother wouldn't notice she had more than her journal with her. 
"You, of course, couldn't imagine it since you get to go out with Father all the time. You even go out of Carthage with the army, whereas I have been no further than Thurbo Minor.
"But why so far? Why this place?" Gordian put his hands on his hips, pondering her situation. "It could be dangerous. The slave compound is near here."
"I don't usually come here. I thought a storm was approaching, and I meant to get out of the wind."
She walked purposefully toward him, hoping he would turn and follow her out. He grabbed her arm tightly, abruptly stopping her.
Not wanting Lucius to hear, she lowered her voice, "Gordian, you're hurting me." She was more afraid Lucius would do something drastic and reveal himself, than she was of being bruised by her brother.
Gordian pressed against her. "I swear to the gods, sister, if I find you have a lover, I will kill him with my own bare hands."
"Don't be ridiculous, brother. Whom would I meet?" She shook herself free. "Father is expecting my return."
She turned and thanked the gods when Gordian followed without another word.


Chapter Fifteen
HELENA'S JOURNAL

Oh to the gods! What have I done??? I've fallen in love with a servant! I am the most foolish of Roman maidens! He kissed me, and I let him. I should have slapped him, reported him and had him hung. Yet all I can do is think of the warmth of his kiss and how alive I feel when I am near him.
What have I done to be so cursed? Why do the gods hate me? Is it because I willingly deceived my family? I know I have shamed my father before the gods. They are laughing and ridiculing me in the heavens even now. 
And now Gordian suspects me. If he were to find us out, I have no doubt he would do as he threatened-and more! Lucius would die and the fate of his family would also be in jeopardy.
What am I to do? I cannot bear the thought of knowing Lucius is nearby and yet so out of my reach.
But it's too dangerous. I could not live with myself if something happened to Lucius because of me. I must never see him again. Never! I will be the most wretched of creatures but it is my fate and my duty. 
I must be strong. Oh, holy Diana, help me to be strong.


Chapter Sixteen
FELICITY

As she did with every other afternoon when dismissed by Helena, Felicity returned to her mother to help with the household laundry, but this time she knew her lady was not sneaking away to instruct Lucius in Latin. She remained in her chamber as she had said she would.
Felicity wondered what had happened. Had they quarreled? Had Helena finally tired of Lucius? Perhaps Lucius felt his studies were completed. She would ask him later.
"The water's hot," her mother said. 
Felicity removed the iron pail from the ceiling hook over the fire and lugged it to the large cauldron filled with linens. She hefted the pail and carefully poured the water as Annia stirred, then she left her to walk again to the well to retrieve another bucket of water.
Felicity held her hand over her eyes to block the brilliant afternoon sunlight; there was no hope of keeping her skin from turning a dark shade of bronze in its light. The Vibius estate was her home, and besides the occasional trip with Helena into town or to her friend Tatiana's estate, Felicity knew little of what existed outside the Vibius gates.
She envied Lucius and the private tutoring he'd received from her mistress, even if it was illegal. He had changed over the last year, had become more learned and confident. He understood the world around him. Still, his trespass concerned her. If he were caught, it would be trouble for everyone. 
Felicity had been born here, in the very room where she slept. Her mother and father were purchased separately by the master, and forced to marry. Eventually they did fall in love with each other, at least Felicity thought they loved each other a little. Their union hadn't produced children right away. She had overheard a conversation about how this had angered the master, for he had expected them to breed. Purchasing slaves at the dock could be an expensive affair, especially if the excitement of the bidding took off.
After seven years the gods finally smiled on her parents. They conceived and she was born. Her mother called her Felicity because her birth brought happiness to her and her master. However, the gods only smiled on them once. They had no other children.
It was no surprise to her that Brutus gave her to his only daughter Helena. It was now her primary reason for existence, to serve the master's daughter, even if it meant keeping the daughter's secret from the master.
She never missed the company of other children, though. The slave and servant compound housed many children, and they grew up like a large family. Lucius was like a brother to her. He was at the well when she arrived.
"Hello," she said.
He nodded. He was fetching water for the animals. She set her pail down, waiting for Lucius to complete his task first. 
"I'm surprised to see you here," she said. "Shouldn't you be elsewhere?"
He frowned. "Apparently not."
"What happened?" she asked softly.
Lucius wiped the sweat from his brow. "I've done something very foolish."
Felicity felt a cold chill at his words. "What do you mean?"
His face reddened with shame. "I let my heart love."
"Oh."
She'd suspected this. Her mistress was a compelling and beautiful young woman. It would be natural for Lucius to fall in love with her. But she was also something they both knew could never be his.
"I'm sorry, Lucius."
He positioned himself underneath the wooden pole, from which two full buckets were attached by ropes, one to each end, and without much effort, he stood.
"It's all yours," he said, then smiled to reassure her. "Don't worry. Everything is as it should be."
Felicity nodded. She knew Lucius well enough to know he was holding back. There was more to this story, and suddenly she was overcome by an awful sense of foreboding.
Chapter Seventeen
CASSIUS

It was just bad luck that Cassius chose the same moment to leave for the Forum as Gordian.
"It must be the will of the gods," Gordian said after blessing the door and the gate. "We are meant to walk together."
"So it seems," Cassius said with a beleaguered smile.
Gordian had several inches on him in height and in shoulder breadth. A stranger would never look at them and guess they were brothers.
Gordian's swagger and cocky smile annoyed Cassius and a kernel of frustration formed in his belly. He would have preferred to make this trek in solitude, for he had a great many things to ponder.
"I presume you will join me in the army soon," Gordian said casually.
Cassius grunted. "I have decided that the army is not the will of the gods for me."
Gordian stopped short. "Not the will of the gods? And why on earth would it not be? Serving the emperor in his army is the will of the gods for everyone."
"How can that be true? Then everyone would be in the army, and there would be no man left to do other important things that sustain the empire."
Gordian continued his stride. "Perhaps that is true for some. But you are so soft and boyish. The army would make a man out of you."
The small kernel in Cassius's belly became thick and wide as a melon.
He was a man! How dare Gordian accuse him of anything less? He was in love with a woman, if this burning, swirling feeling could be called love. Though it was an imprudent love, to be sure, for his heart belonged to a common girl. A beautiful common girl who sold fruit in the city.
He couldn't tell Gordian about her, of course.
"Any army of Commodus's is a mockery," Cassius said. "For Commodus has no victories for Rome of his own.'
Gordian swiveled, towering over Cassius, his eyes in menacing slits. "You'd better watch your mouth! I will be the first to report such treacherous speech even if you are my brother!"
Burning steam filled Cassius's chest like Mt. Vesuvius. He wished his brother would die in molten ash!
At least they had reached the Forum and Cassius could take his leave of Gordian. He spun abruptly in the opposite direction and lost himself in the crowds. 
He walked briskly until his heart had calmed, then stopped to regain his breath. He would forget about Gordian, but unfortunately, his brother wasn't the only one who gave Cassius concern.
His father buried himself in his work, so his family rarely saw him. Still, Cassius believed Brutus was relieved his younger son had decided to stay in Carthage to take over the family business. He was certain his brother's rough behavior brought no pride to their father, though he kept silent about it. That certainty reassured Cassius that his decision to remain out of the army was the right one.
His mother never fully recovered from the shock of Marcellus's death. She left her own quarters very infrequently, and her once-youthful stride had turned into a lethargic dragging of the feet.
And what was Helena up to? Gordian had ordered him to shadow her, which he was disinclined to do. He found the notion unsavory, and his brother's accusations against her ridiculous. A secret lover? Their Helena? 
However, many days before his encounter with Gordian, Cassius had spotted her fleeing a covered area in the garden brush, in the region Gordian had mentioned. When he had gone to investigate, the place was vacant, but the grass was worn and pressed down. It was a place visited often by someone. He wondered at the time why his sister would go there, but the idea that she was meeting someone had never crossed his mind. Until Gordian planted the seed there.
Could Helena really have a lover?
This last thought brought him much consternation, for he was not the only one to notice how his sister had grown into a woman.
He had talked with his father about her shortly afterward. She was of age, and it might be to her benefit to have a marriage arranged soon.
Cassius had arrived at the market. He never went on the busiest days, the days when the slaves were sent to restock the house. Nor did he consciously intend to go now. Yet here he was. It must be the will of the gods. However, it wouldn't do to be seen talking overtly with the girl.
Her name was Priscilla. He knew this because he had overheard her being called by her mother. Her family owned and operated a fruit and vegetable stand, a large wagon they pushed out from their modest home early in the morning, onto the street.
Each time he approached the stand, he played the part of the wealthy student with leisure time to scope the market for a midday snack.
He wanted to talk to her, to hear her voice and see a spark of recognition and respect in her clear, sapphire eyes.
Cassius straightened out his toga and rubbed his youthful chin while casually glancing around. Not that he had to worry about being spotted. It was very normal and proper for someone like him to buy a piece of fruit. But what if he said the wrong thing? What if he sounded stupid? He didn't want anyone he knew to overhear.
He swallowed, annoyed that his throat was dry. His stomach felt strange too. By the gods, he was nervous.
"May I help you," she said. Her voice was as pleasing to his ears as a brook splashing over the cobbles.
"Uh, yes, um two figs, please. And a pomegranate."
He watched her move gracefully as she gathered the goods, weighed them and declared the price. Her lips were red and full, but not sensual. Though beautiful, Priscilla wasn't flirtatious like the other girls he knew. She was sensible like Helena. Maybe that was why he was attracted to her.
"My name is Cassius," he blurted, not wanting to lose her attention.
"Yes, I know," she said.
"Beautiful day, isn't it?"
"I quite agree."
She didn't talk like one who was uneducated, and this pleased Cassius. For although he knew she was a member of a lower class family, perhaps she was not quite so low that his father would object.
"Well, I'll see you again," he said.
"I hope so."
He left for home happy. She seemed to like him well enough.
Cassius hadn't seen the perplexed look on her face when he left, nor did he notice the sign of the fish on the window of her home.


Chapter Eighteen
HELENA

Gordian was returning to the army, so their father called a family dinner. Helena couldn't be happier to see her brother go. Ever since his threats to her in the alcove, she had studiously avoided him, dodging the blackness that settled on the room the moment he entered. 
He was already lounging in the dining patio when she arrived. Of course, he would be early for his own farewell party. He wore his armor-the strips of metal that over-lapped each other like the shell of an armadillo made his shoulders appear unnaturally wide, and chainmail peeked out from underneath.
Helena found his outfit pretentious. He was dining, not going to war.
The oil lamps cast eerie shadows across the room, across Gordian's face. His eyes bore into hers and she felt a tremble of fear as he assessed her. Had the gods given him the ability to read minds? Did he know her thoughts? Even though she had determined not to see Lucius again, try as she might, she was plagued with endless thoughts of him.
She must not show her fear. She straightened her back and took a step to the table that her father had purchased for her mother, back when Marcellus was still alive. Had it really been that long ago?
She ran her fingers along the cool tiles of the table's mosaic image. In the center was a large skull hanging from a straight plumb line attached to the top point of a level scale. On one side of the scale hung the accoutrements of the wealthy. On the other side, the poor. The rich man was represented by the mantle of royal purple and the scepter of an emperor. The poor man was depicted by a wander's staff, cloak and pouch.
"Death is the great leveler," said Gordian. "Rich and poor, young and old, all are made equal by death."
"Too bad we must wait for death before we are granted equality," Helena said.
Before Gordian could offer his rebuttal Helena turned her back on him. Cassius and Brutus had entered the room.
"Father!" she said warmly, greeting him with a kiss. His presence comforted her; she was safe from Gordian's probing questions as long as Brutus was there.
Cassius sat on the lounge opposite her, and snapped his finger to one of the slaves.
"We are ready," he said.
Immediately the food arrived via the slaves and kitchen servants, and a feast was laid on the table before them. Roast duck, figs, olives, cheese and bread, and plenty of fish sauce to enhance the food. And of course, lots of wine made with grapes grown by Brutus himself.
Brutus motioned to Annia. "Where is my wife?"
Annia's gaze remained on the floor. "She asked me to offer her regrets, but she is not well."
Helena noted how Gordian slumped slightly, a shadow falling on his dark eyes. His own mother had refused to attend his farewell dinner. 
Brutus stood abruptly, startling Helena. 
"Bring her down! She can rot away on her own time, but today she will be part of this family!"
Annia bowed and quickly left the room. Helena wondered how long it would take for her mother to make an appearance, but she had no doubt that she would show. Brutus was pater familia after all. 
Brutus returned to his meal, engaging the boys in conversations of business and gossip at the senate.
Felicity brought in a dish of rice sweetened with prunes. Helena avoided her eyes, still embarrassed that Felicity knew about her private meetings with Lucius and wondered if Lucius confided in her as a friend. How much did she know?
Did she know about the kiss?
Though she refrained from watching her slave, she noticed that Gordian had no qualms. His eyes followed her as she moved through the room and back to the kitchen. 
Anger rushed through her, eclipsing her fear. Then it turned into something else. Hatred? Could she really hate her own brother?
Virina finally arrived on the arm of Annia. 
"Mother," Cassius said, standing. "Let me help you."
Her mother looked gaunt, Helena thought, but not so unwell that she couldn't attend to the family. 
Helena offered her a sprig of grapes. "Here, Mother, you must eat."
Virina accepted the fruit but remained silent. Helena couldn't miss the look of contempt Gordian threw his mother's way.
What had happened to this family? Helena thought. She remembered days when she was a child, running through the atrium, laughing and playing games with her older brothers. Father would pretend to scold them and then close his office door, and though Mother would leave them in the care of their nanny, she still gave instruction and oversight to the household staff. 
It seemed like just yesterday Gordian and Cassius were baby-faced and mischievous. Now they had sharp jaw-lines and straight noses. And though both towered over her in height, Gordian's stint in the army had broadened his shoulders, and shaped his biceps, making Cassius look frail in comparison.
Now they sat like strangers, ignoring the long awkward pauses. 
Finally, Brutus called for the flutist and they were able to focus their attention on the musician rather than each other.
Once Brutus had his fill of food and wine, he called the festivities to an end. It was time for them to say their farewells to Gordian, and their father led the way to the front door.
"Gordian," he said wrapping his oldest son in a hug. "Be safe. May the gods be with you." 
Virina offered a weak good-bye and then allowed Annia to escort her upstairs. Cassius extended his hand, which Gordian reluctantly shook.
Helena stepped forward and kissed her brother quickly on the cheek. He grabbed her arm, squeezing tightly. 
"Stay in the villa, sister," he whispered tersely.
She pulled her arm loose but remained silent. 
Gordian blessed the gods of the doorway as he left and Helena felt a breath of relief escape her. Brutus returned to his office and Helena couldn't miss the stiffness in his stride. When had that come about?
Cassius approached her from behind. "May I have a word, Helena?" 
She looked at him curiously but followed him through the atrium. The slaves were busy cleaning up the dining patio, so they chose a couch in the living room. Colorful banners and wall murals of Roman life decorated the area, along with the luscious green house plants and the marble statues. 
"What is it Cassius?"
"Who are you meeting in the brushes?"
Stunned by the question, it was a moment before she could answer. "What are you talking about?"
"A fortnight ago, I saw you running away from a secluded spot on the property, in the foliage beyond the olive grove."
First Gordian now Cassius?
"Are you spying on me now?"
"No. I was merely out to inspect the groves. When I saw you sprinting away, I took it upon myself to investigate. I found the place. It was obvious you'd been meeting someone there for a long time."
Helena turned away. Her face grew hot with anger. "You're being ridiculous." 
"Am I? Gordian doesn't think so."
Curse Gordian for opening his mouth to Cassius!
"And Father doesn't think so."
"Father?" He hadn't told Brutus, had he?
"Don't worry, sister. I never gave your secret away. I did recommend, however, that he make plans to marry you off sooner than later. You can break the news to your lover."
"Cassius!" She breathed in deeply. She must stay calm. "I beg you not to interfere."
Cassius stared carefully at his sister. She never dropped her gaze. "I thought I knew you," he said.
"And so you do."
"Why have you not confided in me then?"
Helena remained silent. Some things were not meant to be shared.
"I see," said Cassius, sighing heavily. "Whoever he is, he's a coward and an imbecile."
"Cassius! You know not of what you speak!"
"Perhaps that is because you have not told me. At any rate, a worthy man would not sneak around and thereby shame the master of the house. If he truly loved you, he would come forward like a man of honor should. Father will choose a better man."
"Please, it's not like that. I beg of you. Don't put ideas into Father's head. I? I'm not ready."
He forced a brotherly smile, "Oh, I'm afraid you're more ready than you think. By the gods, you will be married soon." He encased her hand in his. "It is for your own good."


Chapter Nineteen
HELENA

Stay in the villa. 
Those were Gordian's parting words, and the very reason Helena was now headed toward the slave and servant compound. She had sent Felicity ahead to inform Lucius of an alternate meeting place.
Her father's estate was vast, surely big enough to hide them from prying eyes. When Helena asked Felicity if she knew of a secluded place on the property where she and Lucius could meet, Felicity mentioned an abandoned well, on the southeast side of the slave housing. It was hidden from view by the overgrowth, and though not as convenient as the alcove behind the olive grove, Helena hoped it would suffice.
Her path brought her much closer to the slave compound than she'd ever been. In the distance, she spotted a little village of small huts made of reddish mud bricks, nothing like the grand limestone blocks from which the villa was built. Did Lucius live in one of those huts? She frowned. He must. 
The breeze picked up, blowing her hair loose. A strand tangled itself in her dangling gold earrings. She stopped to free it and wrinkled her nose. A foul smell greeted her and for the first time she noticed the baa-ing of sheep and the clucking of chickens. 
Though she'd only walked mere minutes, she felt she had entered a foreign world. 
Felicity had given her clear directions. Helena spotted the abandoned well and hesitated. Nervous excitement rippled through her body. Desperation to see Lucius tightened her chest. Would he be there?
She needn't have worried. Of course he would be there. It was his duty to obey her.
He stood with his hands at his sides, his eyes wide, questioning. The last time she'd seen him, he'd kissed her. Today, his tunic was muddied, his arms rough with dirt and scratches.
"I was shearing sheep," he said.
Helena suddenly felt self-conscious in her brighter-than-white tunic with golden bands that wrapped under and across her bosom, and with her gold jewels that adorned her ears and twisted through her hair.
They couldn't be any more dissimilar.
She got right to the point. "You should know that my brother has found us out."
"He didn't see me."
"Not Gordian. Cassius. He saw me leave the grove, and when he investigated, it was plain I had not been there alone."
Lucius's shoulders slumped. "He knows of me?"
"He is convinced that I have a lover."
Emotion flashed through Lucius's eyes. Affection? Pain? Helena knew then that her words were not too far from the truth. She knew Lucius loved her.
"He knows not your name or your face. And of course, there is no proof. It is not a crime to teach a servant."
Lucius's eyelids fluttered, and his jaw tensed. She had caused him pain with her words, and she immediately regretted being so harsh. She searched for something to say to soften her meaning, but it was more obvious to her than ever before that they were from two different worlds. They could never be more than master and servant. 
"So this is to be the end?" Lucius said, beating her to it. "The final good-bye?"
Helena tore off a stalk of tall grass and twisted it, thinking of Gordian and her hurt and anger.
"It needn't be. It's up to you, Lucius. Meeting with you, discussing our studies, has become the highlight of my day."
"And mine, also."
"If you wish to continue, we can meet here, though we must be very careful."
Lucius's lips tugged up slightly. "I would like that."
"There is a condition," she said, wrapping the weed around her finger.
"And it is?" 
"You must not love me."
Lucius met her eyes. She felt her knees buckle and straightened her shoulders to compensate.
"What you ask is a difficult thing," he said softly.
"I know."
And she did. Even more, she was uncertain as to the purity of her own motivations in continuing to teach him. It would be wiser and safer to cut the relationship off completely.
But she couldn't bring herself to do it. Her heart ached at the thought of not seeing him again. She only hoped her decision wouldn't bring them pain in the future.
A rhythmic pounding of footsteps in the grass startled them and instinctively Lucius grabbed Helena's hand, pulling her into the ditch behind them. He draped his arm over her shoulders protectively, and his closeness frightened Helena-and tantalized her.
 "It's Felicity," a voice called out in a loud whisper.
"Felicity," Helena said, moving from underneath Lucius's arms and straightening her tunic. She swallowed hard, stepping away from him. "You scared us to death."
"I'm sorry," she said, still panting.
"Well, what is it?"
"Commodus is dead."
"What?" Lucias said. "Tell us what you heard!"
"It is reported that he had a sudden stroke."
The news of their foolish emperor's death did not bring the joy one would expect, for despite his antics, Commodus was relatively harmless to the average Roman citizen. There had been worse emperors, and quite possibly, "worse" was to come again.
"I must return," said Helena, knowing her house would be buzzing with the news. "We will meet here tomorrow."


Chapter Twenty
LUCIUS

The men in the shearing pen were pensive when Lucius returned. The news about the emperor weighed heavily on them. Big changes always came when the purple changed hands, and often the changes weren't good.
His father, Quintus, wrestled down a heavy, fat sheep. It squirmed and baa-ed in protest, its black eyes wide with fear.
"Now, now," Quintus said, holding tight. "This won't hurt."  
Lucius grabbed the flailing back legs so his father could gain purchase with the metal shears.
"Where'd you run off to?" Quintus huffed between breaths.
Lucius avoided his father's eyes. "I was summoned by the master."
Quintus's eyebrows shot up.
"Not Brutus," Lucius clarified. 
"Who then?"
Lucius had managed to keep his clandestine meetings with Helena from his family, because he had dictated the times. He and Helena had found a pattern that worked for both of them, and with Felicity's help they both had been able to keep their secret. Until now.
"The master's daughter."
Quintus dropped his shears. The sheep bolted out of their arms and back into the pen, leaving half its coat lying at Quintus's feet. The other men in the pen laughed, but kept their shears in hand, snipping steadily.
Lucius wiped the sweat from his brow and frowned at his own stench. He smelled like farm animals and manure and sweat. He was embarrassed that he'd been called to Helena with short notice and he'd had no time to wash up at the well. 
"Why would the master's daughter summon you?" his father asked.
Was it his imagination or did the pen grow quieter? Lucius glanced around as the men averted their eyes, but he knew their ears were waiting for his answer.
His sister Teria entered the pen before it could be given. Her twiggy arms wobbled, weighted down by a tray holding a clay pitcher of water and several clay mugs. She'd taken one too many. Her left arm twitched, and Lucius saw the clay jug slip along its sweaty sheen. In his mind, he saw the pottery fall to the ground, clay pieces shattering and water dampening the earth. 
He sprang into action, and in an instant Lucius was at Teria's side, taking the tray from her trembling arms. He set it on the bench.
"Thank you, Lucius," Teria said, rubbing her arms. "That was close."
"Next time make two trips. The men can't lap water off the ground like the sheep can."
When Teria excused herself to go back to their mother, Lucius spoke quietly to his father. "Can you accompany me to the pasture?" 
At the fence line, Quintus examined the sturdiness of the posts while he waited for his son's words. Lucius pulled on a few as well, ensuring they were still secure and not in need of replacement. The dust under their feet stirred with the wind causing Lucius to cough.
"I'm a busy man," Quintus said.
"Sorry, Father," Lucius answered. "In the summer past, I found myself acquainted with the master's daughter, quite by accident. At the time I thought it was an answer from the gods, an opportunity to learn. Helena agreed to teach me."
Quintus jerked back sharply. His jaw dropped, but no sound came out. 
"She has been my tutor these many months."
"Why did she suddenly summon you?"
Lucius closed his eyes in the hot sun. "I never meant to dishonor you. I only wanted to learn of the world around me."
"I admire your will to learn," Quintus said. "But I'm sure the master would be very unhappy to discover his daughter had been spending time with you, a servant. And unchaperoned at that. It must stop. Immediately."
"I can't stop unless she requests it."
"And she refuses to stop?"
Two crows fought each other overhead, screeching as if they knew Lucius was about to lie. She would stop if he asked her to. And he should have, but he couldn't make himself. His desire to see her again was stronger than his will.
"Yes."
"Why? I don't understand. What's in it for her?"
Good question. It was clear to him she didn't love him. Lucius shook his head. "I don't know."
"You do know that if you are found out, the master wouldn't take it lightly. You could bring trouble to us all."
"I know. It's why I've been thinking about leaving."
"Leaving? Where would you go?"
"I would like to go to Rome."
Quintus slumped, leaning his weight on the fence. He suddenly appeared older to Lucius. "Rome is a long way away," his father finally said.
"It's the capital of the empire," Lucius said. "I can find work. And the games there are the best around."
"Could you not just go elsewhere in Carthage? You are a free man."
"There's more to it than that."
Quintus studied him. The feelings Lucius had for Helena were impossible to hide. He knew his father could read them on his face.
"It's a great torment for a man to want something he can never have," his father said.
Lucius nodded. He wished his life had turned out like Quintus's. His father had resigned himself to a simple life with a wife of Brutus's choosing and small wages.
Again, his father answered intuitively. "Even though I have little, I have found contentment. I have the satisfaction of knowing my family does not hunger. Can you not find love with another?"
Lucius stood tall, facing his father. "This is why I must leave. I trust not my own will."
"But soon she will be betrothed," Quintus said, as if that solved Lucius's problem.
Helena's impending betrothal was Lucius's constant torment, and he only knew of one way to escape it. He shook his head in reply.
"I see," Quintus said. "Must you leave soon?"
"I'll let you know."
That evening upon retiring, Lucius stared at the brick walls of his small room. A cool breeze blew through the window, cooling his sunburned skin, but sleep escaped him.
He had long ago given up praying to the gods. Prayers never amounted to anything. Let another man waste his time. Even if the gods pooled their strength together, they were impotent to help him. 
He desperately wanted something he could never have, and his grief burned and twisted in his soul. His only relief would come in fleeing Carthage, in getting as far away from Helena as possible.


Chapter Twenty-One
HELENA

Annia informed Helena that Brutus was entertaining a guest and had requested that she come to greet him. She had been preparing for her secret meeting with Lucius, and her father's insistence forced her to send a message with Felicity that she would be late.
Being with Lucius made her heart beat wildly, even as she worked to hide her emotions. He made her feel intelligent and beautiful, and their sessions gave her purpose and reason. His nearness made her feel alive.
She couldn't bear the thought of not seeing him again, despite Gordian's lingering threats. If Lucius had requested the parting, she would've granted it, but it seemed he couldn't bare the separation either.
They'd only met three times since Gordian had left, and each had been awkward and stilted. They pretended to forget Lucius's admission of love and the sizzling kiss they had shared.
Even though it must never happen again, Helena couldn't stop reliving it. Oh, to the gods, if only Lucius was the son of a Senator or a wealthy merchant, then her father would possibly allow a coupling.
But as it stood, there was no possible way she and Lucius could ever act on their feelings.
She had to be stern if they were to continue Lucius's studies. He was the student, and she was the teacher. Nothing more. This was the message she had communicated by her behavior and her words. She cringed when she recalled how she'd blurted out that it wasn't a crime for her to teach a servant and the hurt that had flashed across his face. She couldn't blame him for being standoffish.
Helena arrived at Brutus's office door and hesitated. It was not uncommon for her father to summon her to greet his guests, and for him to boast of his offspring, so she remained blissfully unaware of his intentions. Until, like a thread twisting around her finger, the truth dawned unpleasantly, first with a pinch then a burn.
"My dear Helena, please come." Brutus met her at the doorway of his office and with wide strides guided her toward the man lounging near a table well-supplied with food and drink.
Helena entered and nodded toward the visitor.
"May I introduce to you to Vincentius Ignatius."
"Hello," she said, politely before averting her eyes.
"H-how do y-you do?" he said. His small white face shone with sweat, and Helena felt he should spend more time in the sun.
"Fine, thank you."
"Please come and join us, Helena. Vincentius has just returned from Greece. He's a writer." Brutus said this in a manner that seemed to say, which explains certain things about him.
"I see," she said. There descended an uncomfortable silence that Helena felt compelled to break. "So, um, what do you write, sir?"
"Oh, v-v-various things," Vincentius said, blinking bulbous eyes rapidly and scrubbing his thin, dry lips with his tongue. "Dialogues, l-letters, stories."
"He also writes speeches for the Senate and has even been called upon in the past to write for the Emperor," Brutus boasted.
"Really?"
"W-well, once." Vincentius paused to blink and lick. He reminded Helena of a reptile. "F-for his aid, actually."
Yes, a lizard. Vincentius also had the unfortunate trait of loose, scaly skin. Perhaps he originated from Britannia. However, she cared not about his origins. She suddenly desperately desired to find Lucius and resume their studies.
"Well, Father, Vincentius, if you will excuse me."
"Helena, dear, there is no hurry. We are pleased by your company."
"But, my studies?"
"They can wait. Surely you are educated enough for a woman."
For a woman? Under other circumstances she would have blundered into a debate about the value of education for women but he had always called her a girl, his little girl, never a woman before.
Her eyes darted back to the little man lounging before her. He smiled a dry, thin-lipped smile, and she snapped her head away.
"Father?"
"Dear, have I mentioned Vincentius originates from Gaul, from a very well-to-do family of noble descent?"
"Is that so," she said stiffly.
"S-s-so, I hear you like to read?"
"Yes."
"That's g-great. I love to read also. I admire a woman who can r-read and understand the fine literary w-works of Rome."
"I have never read you."
"Helena." Her father spoke softly, but his eyes warned her to watch herself. She must not embarrass him in front of a guest. "We will rectify that at once."
"Yes, Father. May I leave now?"
"If you wish."
"Good day, sir," she said to Vincentius.
"Good day."
Brutus walked with her to the atrium.
"Father, you don't mean?"
"He is a good man of means. And he's promised to take up residence here in Carthage."
"But I don't love him. I don't even like him! He's? unpleasant."
"You will learn to love him, even like him. Helena, he will take care of you."
"You take care of me, Father."
"Under Roman law, you must marry."
"But not until I'm nineteen!"
"It's not always good to wait."
"Father, please. I will not shame you. Don't do this, please."
"I must. We have entered negotiations. But I can insist that he wait for your hand, perhaps a year or two."
"A year or two? Father, surely you can do better for me than?" she flipped her hands toward the office, "than that?"
"Should I rather choose a harsh army man, who would beat a wife he is displeased with? Or a Senator who takes pleasure in many women? Would that be better?"
"He will bore me to death!"
"Then death by boredom is your destiny. You could do worse. I have made up my mind, Helena. You will not change it."
Helena dropped her hands to her sides, defeated. At least for now. The head of a Roman family had legal rights in the lives of all in his household. She was bound to obedience. Perhaps in time, in one or two year's time, he would soften and change his mind.
As for Cassius? She was going to kill him!
Retreating to the privacy of her room, where she intended to throw herself onto her pillows and weep, she passed her mother's door, which was jarred opened.
Impulsively, she went in. The room was dark, the window covered with a gray satin cloth. Virina lounged on her bed, eyes closed. She shifted, and propped herself up when her daughter entered.
"Helena?" She seemed surprised, and not at all angry, as Helena had feared.
"Mother?" 
Virina was thin and her hair hung limply over her shoulders. Helena dimly recalled the mother of her childhood, how she dominated a room when she entered it, and how Annia slaved to please her, choosing her clothing and styling her hair. Where had that woman gone?
"What is it? Helena, is something wrong?"
"Father wishes for me to marry."
"I see. It was bound to happen."
"I can't, not to, him."
"Who?"
"Vincentius? I don't remember his name, and I don't care to."
"This is every woman's lot, Helena. You must marry."
"Yes, Mother, but just any man, for any reason? Is there no room for love?"
Virina let a humorless chuckle escape. "Love is a mythical belief."
"Didn't you love, Father?"
"Helena, you are a woman now and must accept adult realities. I barely knew Brutus."
Helena thought of Lucius and her pulse jumped. Lucius she could love, Lucius she did love, but Vincentius, never.
"Mother, please, talk to Father. He'd listen to you."
Virina smirked. "I've barely spoken two words to your father in months. I'm the last person in Rome he would take advice from now."
"I can't marry this man, I just can't. Mother, I need your help."
"Your father's word is law, Helena, you know that." Virina closed her eyes and a soft groan escaped her thin, narrowly parted lips.
Helena's hopes fell. She left her mother alone in the darkness of her room.


Chapter Twenty-Two
HELENA

Helena poured libations on the altar of Diana's image in the family garden, the sweet honey and floral scent overwhelming her senses. 
"Oh holy Diana, come to my aid, a humble servant and a woman in distress. Deliver me from the plans of my father." Helena was in an impossible position from which only the divine could bring deliverance. She poured again and repeated her chant, bowing low before the idol.
A concerned voice called out, "Helena?" 
Helen straightened sharply, placing her palm over her heart. "Tatiana? You startled me."
Tatiana wasn't the sort of friend who could keep a secret this big.
"I'm sorry," Tatiana said, greeting Helena with a kiss. "Felicity told me I could find you here. I didn't mean to interrupt." 
"It's quite alright." Helena pressed the wrinkles from her tunic with her hand, wishing suddenly that she had worn something nicer.
"Helena? What's the matter?" Tatiana's smooth forehead wrinkled and her mouth pulled down into frown. "You look troubled."
Helena studied the countenance of her friend. As always her dark coiffeur was perfectly arranged, her bright eyes flashed vivaciously, her gait and manner, stately.
Tatiana's father would have no trouble arranging a suitable marriage for his daughter, for Helena had heard rumors that men were fawning over Tatiana already, and eager to enter into negotiations.
Unlike herself, who could do no better than a toad.
"Helena, what is it?"
"You could hardly understand, Tatiana."
"You insult me. I am capable of great understanding."
"I talk not of poetry or Greek literature," Helena said.
"No, you speak of life. And you have been disappointed."
Helena stopped, surprised by her friend's keen perception.
"The gods whisper in your ear about me?"
"Hardly. But I am a young woman, as you are Helena. Our troubles are not as different as you think."
"Perhaps," she conceded, though not convinced.
"Let me guess," Tatiana scooped her slender arm through Helena's and led her down the cobbled garden path. "You must leave your childish musings, and become a wife."
Helena sighed. "Yes, you are right."
"It is our lot in life, Helena. The gods have ordained it to be so."
"Father has arranged a marriage for me, Tatiana. Though I've only just met the man, I loathe him already."
"This is natural, I think. I too deplore the man I am to bed."
Helena stopped abruptly. "You know about your husband?"
"Yes, you silly," Tatiana teased. "Unlike you, who have had the pleasure of escaping the inevitable with your naivet, I have lived with the complete knowledge of my fate for some time."
"You never spoke of it!"
Tatiana stopped to pluck a daisy. Twirling it between her fingers she spoke softly, "Perhaps I thought that mentioning it would be a bad omen, somehow bringing it upon me sooner by speaking it aloud."
"Who is he?"
"Oh, no one you know. A very old man, older than my own father, can you believe it? My stomach turns to think about it."
"Oh, Tatiana." Suddenly ashamed of her own bout of self-pity, Helena impulsively embraced her friend.
"It's okay. I could do worse. He's an old friend of the family, with strong Phoenician roots, which is important to my father. And," she added with a mischievous grin, "quite possibly, if the gods are with me, the excitement of our wedding night will kill him."
"Tatiana!"
"I jest, Helena, I jest. Indeed, I hope I conceive a son immediately, and Hermus will no longer have need of my services."
"Oh how you talk, Tatiana. Surely he must love you?"
"And what is love, Helena? What is love?"
Helena nibbled her lip as her thoughts turned to Lucius, and she grew warm. Every stray thought regarding him affected her wildly. In vain she made efforts to restrain her feelings, but the more she tried to banish all thoughts of him, the larger the images grew and the deeper their intensity. 
"I'd rather run off with a servant if I loved him," she spouted, "than marry the man my father has chosen!"
Helena held her breath. Had she just betrayed herself to her friend?
"Oh, Helena, your age does shine forth. How incredibly ridiculous to even think such a thing! A servant? Really? If you are going to have a temper tantrum, you must do better than that."
Then, as if contemplating whether Helena's impulsive speech might have a regrettable ring of truth to it, Tatiana added, "And of course you realize if there were such a servant, and you did run off together, you would both be dead by sunset."
Helena feigned laughter. "I jest as well, surely." Besides, her prayers to Diana might in fact  be answered. "Now, let's not talk of such depressing matters. We aren't married off yet." 
"Indeed," Tatiana pasted on a smile. "Let us enjoy the day."


Chapter Twenty-Three
HELENA

Though Helena reprimanded and lectured herself on the absolute folly of what she was about to do, she continued. Back-tracking through the gardens and around the estate, she checked over her shoulder one final time before sneaking toward the servant compound.
She hid behind an abandoned outbuilding until she saw him.
"Lucius!" she called softly. Her heart sped up when he stopped and turned toward her voice.
"Helena? What are you doing?" He scoured the horizon before going to her.
"I know it's not our regular time and meeting place, but?" she suddenly felt foolish. What a stupid thing she had done.
"What is it, Helena? Is something wrong?"
She didn't want to tell him. Not yet, not like this. She changed her demeanor, and spoke to him once again has her servant.
"I choose to meditate in this field and I require a blanket."
Lucius masterly wiped the confusion off his face. "I will return with your request."
Helena debated with herself. Should she flee? She owed him no excuse if she did, but she wanted to be with him. Their time together was short.
Lucius was soon back at her side and smoothed the blanket on a patch of grass under the shade of a black alder tree. "I hope this is adequate for your needs."
Helena shifted her tunic and sat. "Please, Lucius, join me."
He hung back briefly then took a spot an appropriate distance away. "It would be my pleasure."
They sat in silence until Lucius leaned back onto his elbows and stared up at the sky.
"It's a chariot, Helena," he said, pointing to the clouds. "See the spokes of the wheels."
Helena allowed herself to fully recline. "Yes, I see it. I think the wind is about to blow the rider off."
Lucius pushed his elbows out and laid flat on his back beside her. "Not a very skilled charioteer, then, is he?"
"Obviously not," she whispered, painfully aware of his nearness. She could smell the soil and the faint scent of olive oil on his bronzed skin. She pinched her eyes together, fighting the emotions that threatened to burst from her in a flood of tears.
"It's been an extraordinary summer," he said. "More festivities than I remember from summers past."
"It must be because of the new emperor," she said. Like everyone else in Carthage, the house of Vibius had decorated their home with laurel, held great banquets, and made sacrifices to the genius of the new emperor, especially since he was once the General of Tunisa.
Not everyone, though. She was wrong about that. For the Christians and the Jews did not participate in the city's celebrations. Their homes were left conspicuously bare.
"Lucius?" she said, thinking aloud. "Are not the Christians and the Jews peculiar?"
"They are profane."
"I mean, they openly segregated themselves from the rest of Carthage, refusing to worship the gods of Rome with the rest of us. The emperor would be outraged by their lack of allegiance, I would think."
"And so he should," Lucius agreed. "The Christians and Jews ought to know their place in society. They are a threat to the ways of Rome. Jupiter may withdraw his favor if he is not pleased. And surely the Christians and Jews who refuse to honor him must tempt his wrath. They are compromising all of Rome."
"I suppose. But, in some ways I think they are quite courageous, standing up for what they believe, even if it is erroneous."
"I think they are the epitome of ignorance and should be stopped at all costs."
"Um," she added, thinking of her own situation and wishing she were brave enough to resist it. "Perhaps."
She breathed in deeply, air sweet with the scent of freshly baked bread, still lingering from the loaves made in the morning in the round brick ovens on their property. She had grown used to these comforts, for most did not have their own bakeries; others who were not smiled on so much by the gods made the required trek into the Forum each day to purchase what was needed for their households.
If only it were possible for a day, for this day alone with Lucius, to be stopped and gripped tightly in her hand forever.
Helena rolled over onto her side and faced him.
"Lucius?"
"Yes?"
"You have excelled in your studies and can speak Latin as well as I. You have mastered the poets, the philosophers, and figures as well. You should move on from here, like you once said. Make a place and a name for yourself."
Lucius replied stiffly, "I will go when I am ready. I am still needed by your father."
"He will manage without you."
He propped up on one elbow to face her. "Why, suddenly, would you have leave of me?" 
"Lucius," she paused, swallowing. "I am to be married."
Pain shuttered across his face. "I see." 
"Father said he would try to keep him waiting, but I know that Vincentius's family is eager for us to unite." 
She reached out placing her hand on his arm. "Lucius, it is the way of the gods."
He placed his hand on hers, holding it tight, "Damn the gods, Helena! Damn them, and damn Rome!"
"Lucius!"
"I'm sorry. I cannot deny my heart any longer. I would rather die than see you given to another. Don't you see? I would rather die than live without you." He leaned in. She felt his breath on her neck. Her heart jumped and she gasped. She tilted her head until her nose gently touched his. If they were to kiss, it had to be her initiative. She knew she should pull away and run. 
Instead she kissed him. Her lips trembled as they touched his, soft and warm. He gave himself to her, their kisses forbidden and growing in urgency. 
Lucius kissed her jawbone, her cheekbone, until he found her ear.
"I love you, Helena," he whispered.
She felt tears streaming down her face. Lucius wiped them with his lips.
"I love you, too, Lucius." Her voice quivered and the excitement of wrapping herself in his arms battled with the dread of knowing this love could not be theirs. "I do. But it's not enough for us. It will never be enough."
"We could run away," Lucius said eagerly. "We could go to Rome, start our lives over. Together."
Helena held back a sob. That was a dream, a very nice dream.
"Helena, please, I love you."
She kissed him again, softly. "There is no good that can come of admitting such a thing as love."
Lucius rested his forehead on hers. "Well then, I am defeated. I suffer more than the victims in the arena."
He brushed a strand of her hair behind her ears. "But I will suffer honorably and not disgrace you or the master of this house."
"Must you go?"
"It is too damaging for me to stay. I will leave in the morning."
"Oh, Lucius," she said, "I don't want you to go." 
She folded herself into his arms and pressed against him. Lucius nuzzled his face into her neck, sending shivers up her spine. "Stay with me," he said softly.
She nodded, yes. The gods be damned.


Chapter Twenty-Four
HELENA

The brightness of dawn massaged Helena's face. For a moment she'd forgotten where she was or why.
Then the memories rushed in on her and she grasped for him, her arms stretching, fingers reaching. But all they clawed was the wool blanket on which she had spent the night with Lucius.
She sat up and ran her fingers through her hair. Where was he? Had he already left for Rome? Without saying goodbye? And worse, had he left her exposed, alone in the fields this way?
Then she heard his voice. "Helena, my darling." 
A long breath of relief escaped her lips. 
"I've brought breakfast." Lucius sat across from her, laying a tray with bread, cheese and tea between them.
Yes, they must forget about his imminent departure and enjoy this last moment together. "Thank you," she sighed.
They didn't say much. Helena was more concerned about feasting on her love, than she was with breaking the fast of dawn. She studied his eyes, the way the light danced off the grey flecks in his irises and the way they took her in with such emotion. The shape of his face, his cheekbones, and the ridge of his nose. She must memorize him, every bit of him. The way his arms flexed as he lifted his cup to his lips, the ripple of his abdomen. 
"Lucius?" she whimpered.
"I know, my love. I know." He reached for her again. "We have this moment to get us through the rest of our lives. I will get through each new day remembering this one."
He kissed her deeply and she responded with eagerness, breathing him in like he was her oxygen. She gripped him tightly, her heart tearing at the thought of letting him go.
When he said his final goodbye, Helena thought she would burst like a wine skin with split seams, pouring her pain over the plantation, the villa, every piece of ground she stepped on.
They held each other, neither wanting to be the first to let go. Lucius kissed her with one last hard kiss and pushed her gently away.
His eyes were brimmed red, grief etched on his face and when he turned from her, he ran as if he could possibly outrun the pain.
Helena curled up on the blanket and sobbed shamelessly. Watching Lucius leave hurt as much as it had when Marcellus had died. Except that pain was easier to bear because it was shared.
This grief was secret, hers to bear alone. 
When she had cried herself empty, she left the blanket and returned to the villa. It never occurred to her that she would be missed. No one other than Felicity paid attention to when she rose or when she went to bed.
However, on this morning, Cassius awaited her in the atrium.
"Helena! What happened?"
"You wouldn't understand," she spat. "You got your way. My life is now ruined."
"What are you talking about? Are you ill?"
Why this sudden concern for her wellbeing? "No," she said stiffly, "I am not ill."
An expression of understanding crossed Cassius's face, but instead of the angry outburst she'd expected, his countenance grew even softer. What was wrong with him?
"I'm sorry for your pain, Helena." 
She scoffed, amazed at how her brother could lie to her face like that. Weakly she gripped the banister, pulling herself up the staircase and down the hall to her chambers.
She flopped on the four poster bed and stared hard at the ceiling she had gazed at a thousand times. Her mind floated back to Lucius and the pain of missing him so intense and consuming, she writhed inside.
How could she go on? How could she join together with another? With that hideous Vincentius?
She couldn't.
She bounded out of bed with renewed determination. If she must continue living, she would do it with Lucius, even if it meant stirring up the wrath of her family and of the gods.
Rome was vast. She and Lucius could keep well hidden. 
She ran down the stairs, her hair flying wildly. She must hurry. When she reached the servant's village, she slowed, her breath catching in her throat, knife-like pain piercing her side.
Where was Felicity?
Helena spotted her walking down the path that led to the villa. She must be on her way to find her.
"Felicity!" 
Felicity turned, shocked at finding her mistress in such a state. "My lady?" She approached Helena, holding out an arm to steady her.
"Lucius," Helena said. "Where is he?"
"Oh, he's left." Felicity said. "I thought you knew."
Despair pressed down on her heavily. Why hadn't she agreed to go with him when he'd first asked?
"Already?"
"Yes. A ship was scheduled to depart for Italia this morning. It was Lucius's intention to catch it. I'm sorry, my lady. He's gone."
Helena ran back to the villa, but collapsed in a heap before she got to the gate. She couldn't get to the port in time. She'd need a carriage. She'd need permission.
A loud sob scared a nest of birds, and streams of black wings took flight around her head. It was a bad omen. She prayed to whatever god would listen to help her somehow, to bring Lucius back to get her. 
Felicity found her at nightfall and led her back to her chambers. The gods had ignored her once again.

End of Volume One


Read on for Chapter One of BROKEN VESSELS, Volume 2 of Jars of Clay.
Broken Vessels
Volume Two of Jars of Clay
a novella by
Lee Strauss

Chapter One
LUCIUS

Lucius held limply onto the rail with another round of gagging as vomit spewed from his mouth and overboard, becoming chum for the fish in the sea. A deep seated moan erupted from his belly as his knees folded beneath him.
Blasius, a shipmate who walked with a limp, tossed him a mop. His greasy hair was tied back with a piece of string, and a sneer of contempt crossed his narrow bird-like face. 
"If you don't stop with this filth," he said, "I'm going to toss you to the sea gods myself."
Lucius leaned against the mop like a cane. He breathed deeply of the briny air, filling his lungs and hoping for respite from the onslaught of seasickness. But he resisted offering a prayer to the gods for help. They were of no help to him, and if he were going to get back on his feet, it would be by his own strength.
He braced himself against the rail and mopped up his filth.
He was glad of one thing: that Helena hadn't run away with him after all. This ship was no place for a lady. He could barely manage to take care of himself, much less her, and in the way that she deserved.
When he'd forced himself to flee from her side that morning three days ago, his chest had felt like it was on fire. His legs pumped toward the sea in a failed effort to outrun the torment.
He was glad he'd had the foresight to say his farewells to his family before he'd delivered breakfast to her, and also to be greeted with some good fortune when he arrived at the docks. One of Captain Decimius's three slaves had died suddenly creating a timely vacancy. 
"Your name!" Captain Decimius demanded. He was a tall, bulky man with legs like cedars from years of balancing on the unsteady ship's deck. His bald head glistened with sweat, his face was weather worn with deep lines creasing his skin like a road map.
"Lucius of the house of Vibius."
Captain Decimius eyed him critically. "A runaway slave?"
Lucius thrust out his chest. "I am a freed man."
"Have you traveled the seas before?"
"No, it has not yet been my fortune."
The swarthy man crossed his arms and peered down his bulbous nose. "The journey to Rome is not child's play."
Lucius, sensing his opportunity slipping, begged, "Captain, I have labored all my life as the son of a freedman. I've worked hard for my former master and I will work hard for you if you will consider me."
The captain huffed. "All right, then. However, if you disappoint me, I'll have no qualms about tossing you overboard."
Though Captain Decimus had repeatedly cursed him since and his crew had continued to laugh and mock him, they had yet to throw him into the sea. Lucius doubted his luck would continue if he didn't get his sea legs and fast. 
He tied the mop back into the cupboard then sneaked back down into the darkness of the sleeping quarters, and curled up on his mat.
The next morning, Blasius kicked him in the leg.
"Get up you lazy swine."
Lucius stood, and though the ship continued to rock and sway, miraculously, his stomach no longer lurched with the sea. For the first time he had a bit of  hope that he could perform his duties without hugging the rails and hurling his breakfast.
He climbed the wooden steps to the ship's galley, and for the first time since boarding he was able to take in his surroundings with a clear head.
Built from oak and cypress, the round-hull ship was modest in size and easily manned by a crew of five. Captain Decimius had told him the prized cargo below deck was a shipment of olive oil stored in amphora, clay bottle-shaped jars, corked and stacked tightly in the hull. It was Captain and crew's responsibility to deliver the shipment to the buyer in Rome unscathed. Lucius wondered bitterly if the olive oil originated from the Vibius Mill and if he was accompanying a supply that he himself had pressed.
Captain Decimus and Blasius, who was apparently second in command, were seated on the port side of a wooden table that was scared with knife cuts and candle wax. The two slaves sat at a smaller table on the opposite side. Lucius hadn't made it for a meal, and he was uncertain at which table he should sit. Blasius indicated with a slight tilt of his head that he should take a spot on the short bench beside him.
One of the slaves sprung from his seat and brought Lucius a plate of fried kipper and eggs freshly laid by the hens on board. A primal hunger gripped him. He was aware of nothing else in that moment, only the heady scent and taste of food and the urgency to fill his empty stomach.
The captain laughed, blasting Lucius with a waft of foul breath that almost brought his food up again. "You must be feeling better, boy!" he said.
He picked his pasty yellow teeth with a dirty fingernail. Lucius tried to focus on his food.
Once his plate was cleaned, he accepted a steaming cup of hot tea. 
"So what you running from?" Blasius said. 
Lucius shook his head. "Nothing."
Blasius smirked, his tongue finding a dark gap from a missing tooth like a fleshy worm peeking out in the light. "You're not a sailor, that's obvious," he said haughtily. "And you don't look like an orphaned waif, so what is it? The law? Family troubles? Love?"
Lucius's eyes widened slightly at the word love, and Blasius was quick. "Aha!" He laughed boisterously, and Lucius held back the desire to punch the fleabag in the mouth. 
"It's love. The boy is running away from a girl. Oh you poor thing."
Lucius stood quickly, turning his bench over backward. He turned to the captain, ignoring Blasius's mockery. "I'll be on deck attending to my duties."
The captain shrugged, amused. "It's about time."

The days were long and lonely, and Lucius regrettably had plenty of time to think about Helena. The nights were worse. He'd lie on his back, his eyes scanning the black skies, the stars and the moon taunting him. He failed shamefully to do that which he'd set out to do: banish all thoughts of her. On the black screen of his mind, she was the North Star, her beauty taunting-the sparkle in her eyes, the dimple in her smile, the way her auburn hair fell in waves on her creamy shoulders.
Their last night together as he wrapped his arms around her, her back pressed into his chest, his chin tucked into her neck-the memory was both a soft blanket and a thousand lashes.
Lucius turned onto his side, his hip bone digging painfully into the wooden cot that was his bed. The ship was lilting heavily and he shot his arm out against the wall to brace himself. The ship rocked violently again, throwing Lucius back from the wall and onto the floor.
Suddenly the Captain's raspy voice rose from within the darkness. "All hands on deck!"
The storm had blown in from the north without warning. 
The crew worked proficiently with the ropes, lowering the mast. Lucius felt like he had ten thumbs, uncertain what to do and fighting a rising sense of panic. Frigid water sheeted over the rails drenching them all. Adrenaline kept Lucius from dropping to the deck in a frozen, crippled heap.
The angry storm was insanely loud, and Lucius could barely hear the captain's instructions, though his curses pierced through the roar. The bow and stern jerked back and forth like a child's rocking horse, and Lucius's once stable stomach heaved again. Salty spray stung his eyes as he bailed the water that threatened to sink the craft. His arms and legs burned as he hefted heavy buckets. The slippery deck made keeping his balance impossible.
Thrown precariously close to the rails, Lucius thought the gods would do what the captain had not thrown him overboard. Bile and a sour taste of the evening's dinner burned his throat. He had never felt so miserable and death seemed a welcome relief. Maybe he should just offer himself up to the gods in sacrifice. Captain Decimus would save his cargo, and he would be at peace in the underworld.
But the gods refused. As quickly as the storm rose up, it passed. The wind calmed and the rocking slowed. With trembling legs Lucius joined the others, scooping water and mopping the deck, and repairing ropes and sails. 
In the morning he spotted land, and relief overwhelmed him. Soon this nightmarish trip would end and his new life would begin. Once he had helped to unload the cargo at the harbor in Ostia, he gathered his pay and caught the next carriage to Rome.


BROKEN VESSELS is available at Amazon, Smashwords and in most e-retailer stores.


Lee Strauss writes historical and science fiction/romance for mature YA and adult readers. She also writes light and fun stuff under the name Elle Strauss. To find out more about Lee and her books check out her facebook page. To find out about new releases sign up for her newsletter at www.ellestraussbooks.com .




Other books by LEE STRAUSS

PERCEPTION
Available at most e-book stores.

VOLITION ( Book 2 in the Perception series, Spring 2013)

PLAYING WITH MATCHES (November 2012)

Books by Elle Strauss

CLOCKWISE
CLOCKWISER
LIKE CLOCKWORK
CLOCKED
SEAWEED
IT'S A LITTLE HAYWIRE
