A CHORUS OF THE MORNING STARS


The Story of Joseph OBrien


A reflection and dialogue




FOR REMO

Face Kings with the right to be heard,
Serve others with love honour and dignity
And rejoice for what I now know.



Copyright 2006 N.J.Thomas
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved including the right to reproduce
this book, or portions thereof, in any form.
A Mtech Book
Published By MtechTechnologies Inc.
975A Elgin St.
Cobourg Ontario
K9A-2W6

N.J. Thomas


Frontispiece: William Blake, Ancient of Days, 1794, British Museum
Preface and note on the text

This piece was inspired by the personal tragedy of a man I will call Ben, a friend of mine who presently resides in a remote offshore location.  My main aim is not to convey the story of his personal experience, whose details have some but not a great deal in common with the experience of the protagonist in this narrative.  Rather my main purpose is to convey a sense of the incredible personal transformation and renewal which occurred as a consequence of my friends gruelling experience.  Ben was compelled to reject and reconsider virtually everything he had ever believed and this process enabled him to look at the whole universe from a refreshed perspective.  He was forced to re-examine the very basis upon which he perceives his surroundings.  The results are astounding. 

In the process of reinventing himself and refocusing his perception, Ben also conceived an entirely new way to perceive his God  by tossing out the one which he had believed in previously  and a new perspective on religion and spirituality.  Another way to state the primary objective of this piece, then, is that it attempts to shatter popular notions about nature of God, at least those which are current in the Judeo-Christian religious traditions and cultures.  With the greatest of respect for those traditions and for the cultures they encompass, and fully recognising  the ambitious scope of the objective, a shattering of the kind attempted here is long overdue.  

The hope is that  without having to experience a similar personal trauma in their lives -- others may achieve many of the spiritual and psychological benefits obtained by Ben as a consequence of tragedy.

Among the incidental consequences of Bens experience, reflected in this book, was that he was forced  to explore some fundamental aspects of meaning and in the course of that exposed the limitations of language.  Attempting to do these things by using language  in Bens words, attempting to deface meaning by using meaning -- presents some particular challenges. This is partly why I have used, in addition to the conventional narrative written in prose, additional material which is not (I fear) exactly poetry but , well, not ordinary prose.  It is hoped that these entries, which for want of a better word I will call interlogues, may -- more aptly than common prose -- express some of the notions which I am attempting to convey.

Many of the chapters are in the form of dialogues.  At the outset, I had in mind those of Plato and, as will be apparent, the one which occurs in the Book of Job.  As mentioned, the Chorus also includes the interlogues, which are intended to function much like the chorus in a Greek tragedy: to embellish or provide commentary on the narrative which precedes it.  I had the Greek tradition in mind when I decided to include them.  However, after I had substantially completed the writing of the piece, quite coincidentally I re-read Boethiuss Consolation of Philosophy, which features both dialogue and the interposition of verse.  Since the Chorus, like the Consolation of Philosophy, includes both dialogue and a contrasting, more expressive form of expression, in form the Chorus may resemble the Consolation more closely than it resembles any other literary precedent of which I am aware.  I hasten to add that I do not suggest that the Chorus falls into the same league, in any substantive sense, as any of the precedents mentioned in this paragraph.  Rather I suggest merely that the form I have used, which may at first appear unusual to the reader, is in fact a conventional genre which has withstood the test of time.

NJ Thomas
Toronto, Canada
June, 2012


Prologue

What poetry is there in the running of time, day by dreary day, until time itself utters its last eloquent syllable?  Frazzled and frenetic, we compel the revolution of this great grinding cycle, each foraging like an animal in order merely to generate the energy for the foraging and to reproduce creatures who will drive the same circuitous path.  These are the cycles of time and nature, Dantes circles of hell, in which we lie trapped, rolling onwards for eternity, stuck forever like spokes in the iron wheel of Time.  Inexorably, the wheel grinds round and round without end or beginning -- despite the stubborn appearance of both -- in a round and grand illusion.

Onwards it rolls, forging deep and dark tracks of thought and action.  I, unaware, as if in a deep slumber or a dream, saw and heard but comprehended but feebly.  In the dream of that sleep, I brought forth vast miracles of destruction, weapons, dungeons, fires of hell, and fantastical wonders to put an end to the strife of Creation in an instant, like some god cum idiot cum lunatic. 

 It is pure lunacy, aye the wisdom of the moon, only trumped up as good sense.  The form of it looks well enough and, while the process is recognized and time-told, then it passes for as much.  But the end will come when poetry will take its place at last if your faith does not manage the job on its own -- and faith cannot.  

And so I became a disciple of religion and science.   Religion is a gross monolith and science without pure reflection is mere technology   a poor winging and witless slave to amuse the addled-brained master and his listless servants with its toys and trinkets, all of them strutting and put out to market like swine and whores.  What filth it breeds in the minds of the innocent and what hell is thus shaped for the ignorant to reside in!  I will give you a stick to poke at the trough of shit you wallow in and then try it on for civilization.  Do!

I have suffered enough in it, enough even to see over to the silver side of Creation and be called mad.  There, as if in a dream, I glimpsed the universe whole, with causes and effects rippling and shimmering, to and fro in iridescent circles of time to the very first cause and beyond that to the very last, from the alpha through to the omega.  What agony it was at first to apprehend the coldness of the machine, wondrous beautiful in its working but to no avail whatever.  Every forward step implied its own reversal and for every impulse was its own withdrawal, an infinite and symmetrical, mathematically perfect equation, all in grey.   And I saw that this Cosmos -- dispassionate, cold and loveless -- this brave new world, was neither good nor evil.  

God may have created the heavens and the earth.  But, unless embellished and animated on the altar of the imagination, these comprise but a skeleton, a cold and dry brittle thing without blood, inspiration, point, or purpose.  For what is a piece of music if only a hammer banging relentlessly on taut wiring or only a farting of your foul breath on metal, when the shape of it is not reflected on the senses, themselves all but worn out by the commercial form of it?  Why, shake the wealth of the world, all its riches and monuments, and its prizes, and flush it through a sphincter to gain an atom and, within that atom, the very Kingdom of Heaven.  Thy will be done.  It shall be done indeed, I say, and is done.


Chapter 1:	Sleep of Death

Oh Time, roll onwards under immutable laws that we might remember the future and seem to influence the past.  Amen, I say to you said the Prophet, before Abraham was made, I am.

The beginning of the end of Josephs world came on a cold evening near the end of November, two years ago now.  

It was a Saturday, a blustery, cold and wet day late in the autumn.  The trees were bare of leaves, many of which lay rotting in wet, heavy heaps in the front garden.  Birds gathered in the branches of overhead trees, variously crowing, squawking, or twittering according to the wont of each species, in a querulous and anxious choral tirade against the call of the South.  At was as if they were conscious of the daunting and deadly prospects of a long grey journey.  

Joseph had already prepared the house for winter.  Storm windows were in place over the original wooden windows which remained in place throughout the old house.  The outdoor faucets had been drained and turn turned off.   The bicycles and garden tools had been stowed in the garage.  Joseph, being unschooled in matters of horticulture, had raked most of the leaves into the gardens, his (nave) intention being that the leaves would provide nutrients for the next batch of growth the following spring.  

It was that in-between time, after the end of the weather suitable for most outdoor activities but before the onset of winter and the coming of snow.  For climate, this was perhaps the worst time of year in their part of the world.  They would be happier once winter arrived in full force, when the temperature could usually be relied upon to stay below freezing.  Then they would have snow instead of rain or drizzle and crisp ice instead of mud puddles or slush.  Bring on the winter, Joseph mused, and he already held in his consciousness hopeful images of a bright, clean and white Christmas.

They were, or thought themselves, a typical family.  Joseph had a successful practice of law, a commercial practice in one of the main Toronto firms, which allowed him to keep a low profile and yet make a decent living.  Most of his professional time was spent writing opinions and other types of legal documents.  Words were his stock in trade so, in a lowly sort of way, he fancied himself a writer of sorts.  Becky was a stay-at-home mum.  

The OBriens maintained a modest lifestyle, not displaying the trappings of wealth, but merely living comfortably and happily, and feeling secure of our future.  They were people of integrity, you might say, church-going and god-fearing people.  They were respected in the community.  

How quaint it all seems now; how trite and complacent.  They cared for the poor and needy, gave money and time to charity, became active in community events and humans rights movements, and even faithfully recycled their trash.  They did all those petty and pointless things one does in the West to give the appearance of caring about matters outside ones tiny reach of life.  People could die by the thousands a day in far-off places but in the West people take minute and symbolic steps forward to relieve compunction, so that they may perceive they have done what they realistically can do.  So trivial is our contribution, and so enormous the suffering of the world, that we may as well throw up our hands and declare that the problem is too big, or we may as well refuse to acknowledge the problem.  Most of us reside in a cocoon of our own making, deceiving ourselves from moment to moment, to protect ourselves from inevitable despair.  Despair which would follow from a full and frank recognition of the grim circumstances in which the vast majority of people in this world live, suffer and die. Despair from which even the wealthy and the fortunate are not otherwise immune, for they too are prone to leading lives of quiet  desperation, that passive resignation to anxiety and anguish noticed first by Thoreau.

Joseph was home alone that night.  His wife, Becky, and Sophie, their infant daughter, were out visiting Beckys mother.  Sam had cycled over to the house of one of his neighbourhood friends.  Maggie, their elder daughter, was across the road where her best friend lived.

Becky was a beautiful woman.  Not beautiful in a Hollywood sort of way but beautiful in an unassuming, quiet way.  She had a glow about her.  She had a lovely womanly figure, slim and shapely, not busty.  Her smile was enchanting and she was one to smile frequently.  She was nearly always happy and knew instinctively how to take pleasure in the smallest things, always making the best of whatever circumstances she might find herself in.  She was an outgoing person who enjoyed life, laughter, and good company.  She was the kindest, the gentlest, the warmest and the best person Joseph had ever known.  Yes, to him she was the very best.  

They lived in a wonderful but modest home in an older neighbourhood in the Beaches area of Toronto and just south of Queen Street East, a busy street full of life and lined with a variety of coffee shop, small bars, and vegetable markets.  Though part of a large North American city, the Beaches feels very much like a village.  The people in shops or at the streetcar stops know and chat with one another and are friendly to strangers.  

The home was full of woodwork and workmanship, not (the OBriens thought, smugly) like the new suburban homes with their superficial facades, their artificial grandeur, and their bleak streetscapes.   In the OBriens neighbourhood, the trees arched triumphantly over the streets and grew plentifully in back gardens, like great protectors shielding both the homes and their residents from the ill effects of too much sun and rain.  The houses were only a few metres apart, each one typically adorned with an old-fashioned porch.  The people there used to think that the porches made the neighbourhood.  The porches brought people outside during the warmer months.  There were the neighbours in full view of one another sitting on rattan furniture on their porches.  Inevitably they would end up gathered together on one porch, a couple of empty bottles of wine and a fresh bottle on its way.  This became a regular thing, a local tradition, with each household in turn hosting the gathering, with offerings of food from each household.  The gatherings often grew into delightful feasts of food, drink, and warm company.    

Theirs was a true community and they appreciated and enjoyed it.  They enjoyed it in part because they knew it might not last.  The city was intent upon dismantling the neighbourhood brick by brick and tree by tree, or so it seemed.  The aging trees would come down, just a few a year, with a bureaucratic assurance that there was money to plant replacements.  But as the old trees came down, the new trees either did not arrive at all or, if they did, they would be puny saplings of a species never intended to replicate the grandeur of the trees for which they were to stand in.  Yet, so little did Joseph know about the dismantling of a neighbourhood, a neighbourhood not made up of bricks, mortar, wood and pavement but, as he came to learn, almost entirely of our own imaginings.  They had the means to shake the foundations of an entire world, let alone a neighbourhood, and they had not the faintest notion of it.  The foundation of Josephs world was to be shaken up for him.

Josephs was a close family and family always came first, over work, over money, over everything.  Unlike some of his colleagues, Joseph tried to be home every day in time for a dinner with Becky and the kids.  When they were little ones, there was the joy of coming home in the evening and being greeted by one or both of them, running to the door with hair streaming, noses running, and eyes gleaming.   

Sam was 16 at the time of the accident.  He was a strapping lad, for a boy so young.  He was lean and tall and strong, like Michelangelos David, with his feet firmly planted on the ground.  Sam was the physical one, always into some sport or other and, as became more apparent as time wore on, not much interested in academics.  His greatest strength and his greatest weakness were one and the same:  his uncanny ability not to experience stress.  It was his strength in that, unlike most of us, he was always relaxed and content, almost regardless of the whims of fortune.  It was also a weakness because, not caring what the world might think of him, he lacked any drive to accomplish anything exceptional by the worlds measure of such things.  He lived for the day; carpe diem was his motto.  

 When he was younger, you could always tell from the state of Sams clothes whether it had been warm enough that day for the kids to play outside at school.  If he had been playing outside, his clothing would invariably be deeply soiled.  Joseph and Becky often wondered how on earth he managed to collect so much dirt.  And sometimes his clothing would not only be dirty; it would be damaged.  Once when Becky collected him from school she was surprised to see that he looked relatively clean.  As he got into the car, though, she had a better look and noticed that his shirt had been torn up one side along the seam from the waistline right up to his armpit!  

Sam had always been fascinated with anything that had wheels.  When he was a youngster he would sit and play for hours at a time with toy cars and trucks.  He had one toy automobile transport truck complete with a set of cars which could be loaded neatly into the truck.  Well he would load this thing up at one end of the living room, drive the truck along to the other end of the living room, unload the cargo, and then reload the cargo for shipping to yet another destination within the living room.  Wheels.  Becky used to say he would have liked his little sister a lot more if she had come with wheels.

Maggie was 8 years old that November, two years ago now.  She adored her elder brother.  He was always on the go and into everything and, it seemed, no matter what he was up to Maggie thought it the hilarious.  There was the time years earlier when Becky bought Maggie a new doll.  It was a standard sized blushing thing with short curly blonde hair and stubby limbs.  The moment Sam set eyes on the doll he ripped it unceremoniously from Maggies arms, threw it into the air and, on her maiden flight, Sam Christened the doll Mr. Blast-off.  Rather than being mortified at the rough treatment of her new and delicate acquisition, Maggie laughed her little head off.  She had a hearty little laugh from very early on.  Perhaps Sam taught her how to laugh.


Sophie was only 6 months old at the time.  She had come in May of that year.  Becky had had a difficult time of it as Sophie was breach and had to be delivered by Caesarean section, unlike the other two who had dropped out pretty quickly and without much apparent effort.  Sophie took a long time to settle into her routine.  She cried a lot and didnt want to sleep when Becky did.  Poor Becky got to the point where she forgot what it was like to have a full night of sleep.  Eventually you could see the fatigue in her face.  Her skin took on a pallor and her cheeks a little gaunt.  But she got over that period within a few months and the OBriens were sailing along at a pretty good clip by November.

As I say, Joseph was home alone that November evening.  It was chilly and wet outside, too cold even for November really.  There had been light rain all day.  There had been a couple of days of it and it seemed like it would never be warm and sunny again.  Is it human instinct to think that if something has been a certain way for an extended time, then that is the way it is going to remain?  Hence economists often miss the impending upturn or the downturn and hence people are not ready when crippling tragedy strikes, as happened to Joseph.  The sun has risen day after day for as long as we know and we assume that it will continue to do so indefinitely.  But that is not true of all things and, for that matter, not even of the sun.  Joseph was about to be woken up abruptly from a deep slumber of complacency.


Drowsy eyed, with head swimming, bemused, confused, we soar along with fleeting images and impressions guiding us to the unseen destination.  Hill and dale -- fresh, green and wet -- fly past with episodes of laughter, joy and tears punctuating the very vista and horizon of our lives.  Daunting is the sheer volume of the etched  data dotted sporadically in the micro-charged blank sheet of your mind.  The pace of it all creates its own frenetic glow of pleasure, in an artificial chemical make-believe carnival world projected for our daily personal viewing and recording, and serving for both immediate and later consumption.  The majestic has the first place but becomes subsumed in the banal until joy stutters and stops in mechanical fits and starts which the carnival suppresses or ignores.  Joy is jagged and broken and only seems uniform and seamless.  

Grey is the real matter at hand.  It overhangs and dulls the senses and disguises a quiet toxic searing and burning of decaying cells, thus fogging up thought and making the elderly receptive to the last days.  All that ends well is well, only in a tragically human and cursing short-hand for a supportable system of universal morality, such as is implied in a Last Judgement.  So, then, sleep and dream, sleep and dream, sleep and dream,  in a monotone grey drone of being, like rubber on pavement, a slumber and dream of man-made materials, mimicking the toxic half-life in decay of the grey matter that matters.
Sleep, then, for the lullaby is more profound than gospel.


Chapter 2:  A Meeting of Minds


Father Seymour was running late -- literally.  Alternately walking and running, he travelled westerly along Queen Street West toward a coffee shop where he was to attend a monthly meeting of a loose association of colleagues, made up of priests, former priests, other clergy, and a handful of academics, theologians from the university.  He was not dressed properly to be outdoors in November and there was a brisk and biting wind at his face.  It as overcast and there had been some light rain, which now blew into Fathers Seymours glasses.  He regretted not taking a street-car.

When he arrived at the caf, he walked in and enjoyed immediate relief.  The aroma of fresh coffee made the warm air of the establishment feel all the more inviting and the chill seemed to lift instantly from his wet and ruddy features.  Equally inviting were the kindly and smiling faces of his friends and colleagues, eight of whom were in attendance that day.  The coffee shop had an almost Bohemian atmosphere, being decorated in bright yellows and hot oranges, set off by the deep brown tones of earthy wood featured in window trim and supporting columns dotted throughout the restaurant.  


Welcome, welcome said Father Tom, as Father Seymour removed his jacket and slung it on the back of a seat.  What can I get for you today, Peter?

A cappuccino with cinnamon would be great, Father Seymour replied, rubbing his hands together.  Gosh, its freezing out there and a hot coffee will be just the thing.

The drinks and snacks being provided, the deliberations of the group began.  There were five men and three women, all five of the men being priests (including one who was also a professor at the university).  

Are we here to discuss theology again today, ladies and gentlemen, or is there some news concerning the Movement, which would be rather more interesting? asked Martha.  Martha, Professor Martha Reynolds, was a woman in her early fifties with a pleasant face with deep smile lines which nearly always seemed to portray a smile, regardless of how serious she might be at any given moment.  

There have not been a lot of developments regarding the Movement, said Gabriel Deluca.  It continues to progress at its usual plodding pace.  However, I have been giving that very question  the pace of progress within the Movement  a great deal of thought.  This follows on from conversations I had earlier in the year with Monsignor Triano, at the roundtable colloquium in Washington and the annual retreat in Rome.  You are familiar with those conversations.  As you know, Triano is anxious that the Movement seek a slightly higher profile than it has attempted to date.  While I was initially reticent about that proposal, I now believe that it is time we took that step.  There is no really compelling reason why lay supporters, like me and such as you, Martha, should not go public with some of the main tenets of the Movement.  There would be no need at this stage to disclose any connection with the Church or, for that matter, to mention the Movement at all.  We would simply encourage academics and lay members, in their private and professional capacities, to begin to write about and debate some of our ideas and goals in public.  What do you think?

Father Seymour responded: Would it be possible to do that without attracting undue attention to our long-term plan?  As it is, we are entirely comfortable meeting in a public place such as this to discuss important things such as the best ways to put in place a framework for the long-term.  We do this without fear of eavesdropping from nosey media and others.  I for one would regret taking any step which threatens our freedom of movement and which forced us to meet in secret locations which we would have to travel to under some sort of cover.  And if those with whom we associated went public, the media frenzy would commence and it would not take some busy-body reporter or church insider to join the dots.  It could be devastating to us if our goals were revealed before we had sufficiently organised ourselves to accomplish them.

Or, even more importantly, added Father Simon, if we were forced to reveal our hand before we are satisfied that the world is ready to entertain the sort of sea-tide change which we have in mind.  So, I say we should not dismiss Triano out of hand but we must proceed with great caution, if we proceed at all.

I accept all that, Father, said Deluca, and that is all I am asking for at this stage.  Monsignor Triano is developing a written proposal which he would like the membership to consider at the next AGM this summer.  There will be specific guidelines as to who could join the public debate, which of our principles could be made public and in what public contexts they could be presented.  All I ask is that we keep an open mind to the idea so that it gets a fair shake by the membership at large at the AGM.  Triano is very serious and, as many of you know, he is also very persuasive and very determined.  By the time of the AGM, the membership will be familiar with the concept and, for my part, I am hoping it will become a reality.

Sonia Johnston, another University of Toronto academic, functioned as our moderator and, when necessary, our informal chair at these meetings.  OK, she interjected.  Lets just get an idea of how we, as we sit here today, feel as a group.  Obviously what we decide has no binding effect on anyone, not even on any one of us, but how many of you are in favour in principle of the idea of going public in a very limited way and subject to putting into place adequate guidelines to preserve overall confidentiality?  All in favour, just raise your hand.  After a pause of a few seconds, three hands went up, followed by two more then, hesitatingly, two more, for a total of seven.  All against?  Father Cooper was the only dissenter.

OK, said Sonia.  Seven out of eight of us in favour of at least exploring this concept.  Well, Gabriel, you said there was nothing much to report about the Movement but I beg to differ.  This idea of taking a step out of the dark, if it proceeds, could be critically important.  If things go well, at a minimum we will make some headlines.  If things go poorly, well we could end up being ostracised, with the result that we are set back for generations.  So lets all consider this carefully before the Summer and see how things shake out.  Now, if there is nothing else on that topic, can we share with Simon our thoughts about his draft paper on Anselms ontological argument to prove the existence of God?  I know that, since our last meeting, you will all have taken the time to read it with care. 

The meeting went on for almost two more hours, stretching right through a lunch of sandwiches and soups.  The discussion was animated, and there were disagreements on several of the points made in the paper.  However, the clear (in fact the unanimous) consensus was in the form of a strong expression of support for Coopers thesis, tempered only by a few well informed and even better intentioned criticisms.  

________________________________________________________________________

Commit yourself in advance to a concept of a Being greater than which none can be conceived and there you will have it all, yes the concept and the thing itself.  Or, do you reply, Dear Reader, that  you are left with merely a concept of a concept rather than both the having and the eating?  Oh you enlightened minds will play such tricks with words and meaning that the debate itself is hardly a worthy product of the discussion, the subject of it certainly being suppressed by ego and the trammels of thought  but especially by the ego.  Leaving aside such things, it must be taken on faith a priori that the universe is meaningful and that meaning means God.  There you have your proof of the pudding being (Being) in the very eating of it and so you have eating, meaning, and being, a trinity of courses in one sitting, yet all  pending on the initial affirmation rather than on any inevitable line of logic.  So, without stopping up the discussion, do not hang your hopes on such flotsam and jetsam.  They are overboard  yes, bobbing in the stream of consciousness and ready to be plucked out and dried out for another day -- but recall the origin of these things and see that the game is up.

Chapter 3:  The Lord Giveth

 The phone rang.  There was a muffled male voice, Hello.  . . .   Is that Mr.  . . .  Joseph OBrien, he said.  The connection was poor, the caller apparently using a cell phone with poor reception.  

Yes, you are speaking with Mr. OBrien.  What is it?

Are you related to a Rebecca OBrien?  The connection was cutting in and out and the callers words were barely audible.  This is Constable   . . . I could not make out the name.

Yes.  Becky is my wife.

Your wife is very badly . . . Again Joseph could not hear the rest of the sentence but he knew.  In his imagination he could see her plainly, lying on the dirt somewhere, hurt and bleeding.  

I cannot make out what you are saying.  Please, please call back as soon as possible on a land line.  Please call as soon as you possibly can.

The caller agreed to call me back and they both hung up.  Joseph uttered aloud to himself, Oh God.  Let this not be. . . .  Please, God, LET THIS NOT BE.  He paced around the room waiting for the phone to ring and hoping against all hope that he had misunderstood.  Perhaps Becky was perfectly fine.  She has to be, must be . . .  No need to jump to conclusions.  But the phone, why would it not ring?  He waited for what seemed to him an eternity but must have been just a few minutes.

Eventually the phone rang again.

Mr. OBrien.  This is Constable Clark.  I am calling about Rebecca OBrien.  There has been a traffic accident.  Your wife is very badly hurt.   She has been taken to Toronto General Hospital.  You should get there as quickly as you can.

Oh! I managed to spit out.  Thanks, I will go to the hospital straight away.  What about the baby?  Is she  . . .?  She was in the car.  

The infant passenger in the vehicle has also been injured.  I cannot say how seriously.    

Joseph hung up and cried out, Oh no.  Oh my God!  Oh God!  This cannot be.  He rushed around the house, got his keys and sped off to the hospital.

It could not be but it was.  Becky and Sophie were both badly injured, both in critical condition in the intensive care unit.  Either one of them or both of them could die, Joseph was told.  For the rest of that evening and next few days Joseph was caught up in tide of activity in which he simply sailed along impassive.  There were tubes and blood and operations and medical people.  There were the smells of the hospital, cleaning agents and rubbing alcohol and food.  There was always the same smell of food regardless, it seemed, of what was on the menu for the patients on solid food in wards adjacent to the ICU.  There were doctors with sympathetic faces and voices.  They seemed genuinely kind and caring -- even when they came to tell Joseph during the middle of the first night that Becky had died.  She had never gained consciousness.  Her heart had failed.

Sophie lived but only for two more days.  She rallied at one point and opened her eyes.  Joseph could not pick her up and cuddle her, for she was bound to machines by tubes and wires, the purposes of which were not conveyed to Joseph.  He sat and watched her for hours and hours day and night.  Sometimes he dropped off to sleep in a chair by her side.  He begged her to live and he prayed to God that she would.  But she and God had other plans.  When her fight for life finally came to and end Joseph was still by her side.  His eyes were bone dry.  Either they had been cried out or the sorrow was too great for tears.  He returned home a broken man.

________________________________________________________________________

The end?  The end!  Oh God teach us how to know the last word of the story without the abrupt finish.  We sail onwards through cool, refreshing waters not knowing what lurks below to make the ship wreck, though wreck it will.  Deep is the sound of the icebergs rumble as, churning, the voices of the ocean urge us on.  Come, they beckon, mocking and shrewd, to receive your just reward for mercies past.  All in an instant is the soul to migrate upwards out of thick and murky density to sense the larger picture of an eternal emptiness driven on in artificial circuses of time.  Throw in the towel, then, my Lord, and dry your eyes of bloody tears.  Fetch up the contents of your bilious guts and, finally, see plainly before you the glories of the mundane -- all that is footed in the earth  blessed and then ordained for liturgies with meaningless prayers for absent divinities in murderous holy buildings erected by the penniless for the memory of the wealthy.  Then only shall you grasp the whole universe by its tail. Do it quickly!  Shout aloud in the streets and declare your complaint.  Acquiesce in a false-saying verdict and a judgement pronounced slowly and deliberately of cursive words and dazzling meaning, the ancient Chosen One singled out purely and wholly by chance, whim and folly.  

 In the beginning was no Word.  The poet would have it otherwise but Wordlessness prevailed before the moment when the Logos came cascading into blank minds, seeing to the right naming of all things, and making inevitable the Fall of men and women.  MEA CULPA! MEA CULPA, said the first man, when he saw the fault open up and display the insides of the good earth, MEA CULPA!  Name him Adam to commemorate the beginning of the end, to mark that fateful dawn when Paradise was lost.  Let there be the stain of original sinning, and let there be the uncertain thriving of the Tree of both Life and Knowledge.  Finally, let there be light shining out of the darkness of the clouds so that we may see whether it is good and pronounce it to be so and record the moment in the revered scrolls of the Good News.  Let be all of these things.



William Blake, Satan Inflicting Boils on Job, British Museum 







Chapter 4:  	Unto Dust


Becky and Sophie gone.  To Joseph, it all seemed so unreal.  There was a funeral.  To Joseph, it was like the ones he went to when members of other peoples families die, usually old people.  Or, he thought, like the ones you hear about in the news or see in movies or on television, when people who are strangers have passed away.  But now this was about Becky, his own Becky, and their baby.  

The funeral was held in our church, St Peters Roman Catholic Church. What a beautiful building it had seemed before.  Now, as they went through the motions of the funeral rites, it seemed cold and meaningless, its great arches and rich wood adornments taunted and mocked rather than inspired Joseph.  He hated the ceremony, a spewing and droning of time-worn, worn-out words, pronounced by rote rather than by heart.  He even hated the congregation of people who came to pay their respects.  To him it was as though they were looking straight into the centre of his being, his unconcealed and vulnerable self; they were like a crowd of vulgar onlookers encircling some spectacle in the street, a naked and injured hobo or a dying dog after it has been hit by a car.  There in full view, it seemed to Joseph, were his most private and most painful inner stirrings.  It was an invasion of privacy.  And there was nothing they could do or say to bring Becky and Sophie back or reduce the anguish.  Suddenly, Josephs world had become a frigid wasteland and he knew there was no force on earth which could turn back hands of time and rekindle the worlds former glory.  Joseph had read the faded words on some broken down countryside mausoleum once:  Sic Transit Gloria Mundi.  The glory of the world comes down to this.  And for him the glory of the world had indeed come to this, and this was much worse than nothing.

The coffins -- expensive furniture made of richly finished wood and adorned with bronze handles -- were positively repugnant to Joseph.  They were actually matching coffins, a repulsive ostentatious mocking show of decorum, like domestic furniture made for happy families.  Like mummy, like daughter.  How lovely for them and for the congregation!

Sophies coffin was tiny, more like a toy than a real, grown up thing.  If the coffin was a toy, Joseph thought, then it follows that the death of his baby must be a big joke or an unreal game.  If only he could have put an end to that game!  Her dying was not a thing for infant to do.  If it is for anyone, death is for grown-ups.  It could not be real.  OK.  I give up, Joseph thought, I say uncle and you win the game, whoever you are.  

For the next few days, he was in a daze.  People spoke to him and responded to them but he gave no thought to what was said to him or how he replied.  There were his parents and Beckys.  There were flowers and notes and donations to charities like MADD, Mothers Against Drunk Drivers -- yes the other driver was under the influence of alcohol.  People brought food and offered to help look after Josephs kids.  The kids were quiet, forlorn, and Joseph was not in a position to console them.  It was as though he was not present for them.  Anyway, that was Beckys department; she always took care of the upsets.  The kids must have yearned not just for their mother but for their father as he plodded along, aloof and unseeing.  Joseph was unaware of what they did and said together during those days.  How did they deal with school and church and groceries and paying the bills?  Joseph had no idea. Maybe they were not dealt with at all, for what did any of it matter now?  Even the kids, Josephs two remaining precious children, seemed unimportant to him.  The world had become inanimate for him, lost its glow and warmth; gone the golden part, the animated soul of it, he had taken so much for granted before.  

Then there were the nights and sleep. Sleep.  Gradually Joseph forgot how to do it properly.  Each night he would at first feel tired and he would fall into a fitful sleep and within an hour or so he would awaken to the red glow of the digital clock, counting off the minutes one after another.  He knew that if only he could achieve a restful night of sleep he might be able to cope with the next day.  But it reached a point of desperation:  the more he ached for the peace of sleep, the more elusive sleep became for him.

And he paced at night.  What emptiness he felt, unspeakable, as though his guts had been drained out.  And he cried, sometimes sobbing for hours on end, staring at the cold floor and crying aloud, his body jerking, the snot and tears running.  Sitting on the stone cold kitchen floor utterly alone in the stone cold world he beat the floor and the kitchen cabinets till his fists hurt and bled.  Then back to bed he would go, only to lie awake under the glow of red changing digits, still counting time faithfully, until the horizon showed signs of morning and the next dull day began its circuit of tedium, nothing but irritation, pain, and a yearning for that which could never be.  Was contentedness beyond his grasp forever?  No it had rather disappeared absolutely from the face of the earth.  It was not a concept he could even comprehend.  The word had lost its meaning.  

A clock gives the false impression that time runs at the same uniform pace.  Joseph learned that that that is a painful illusion.  Time chooses its pace depending on the purpose and the person.  It flits past when we are gay or when we are mentally engaged.  It grinds slowly on when we suffer.  Joseph suffered and time ground onward tediously and painfully.

Joseph went through the motions of work and home and family.   Maggie was often about and watching.  She never missed a thing.  Joseph felt she knew he had nothing to offer to her.   He had the capacity for neither giving nor receiving.  There was nothing left inside to give and no place to put anything proffered in return.  Maggie did not try to take him back to her, for fear of getting in the way of something.  She watched and held back  aching, he felt, but not making any move.  Yet the love was still there somewhere.  Like a squirrel in hibernation, wrapped in a cold and a deep slumber; it just would not come out.  Joseph would see Maggie standing silently near a doorway, watching him.  Not a tear, no show of emotion flickered on her face or in her eyes, just a sad resignation to a reality she knew and perhaps understood better than he did.  In later years, Joseph looked back in wander at her, a survivor.


And then there was Sam.  The truth is that Sam and Joseph had not been that close during the year or so before the accident.  Sam had already lost interest in the dad-and-son things like playing one-on-one basketball, going to baseball games together or flying kites.  In fact, at 16, he had grown tall and strong, taller and stronger than Joseph, and Joseph was no longer a challenge on the basketball court.  And Sam was more interested in girls and video games than he was in sports or parents.  So the two had grown apart a little.  The overstretched bond seemed to break entirely after the passing of Sams mother.  For a while, the two of them almost became oblivious to one another.  Would Joseph never have a chance to watch his son grow out of his teenage interests and, possibly, find his way back to his father?  Joseph wondered and doubted and, anyway, could not be bothered.  Joseph felt so empty and powerless, as though a powerful vacuum had sucked out his insides and all that was left of him was a cold and brittle frame, a mere skeleton of his former self.  

One night about a week after the funeral Joseph lay awake in bed.  It was around 3 in the morning.  He got out of bed and walked to the window.  Joseph had no eye for it but it was a beautiful evening.  The night sky was dark, deep, vast and clear.   Millions of stars scattered across an eternal darkness.  Yet as he peered out into the night at that moment, Joseph had no particular impression of his surroundings.  The sky might have been a puddle of mud and the stars so many gaudy baubles floating in it or the whole an obscene and revolting circus show.  

Josephs mind wandered. Since Beckys death, everything must change, he thought.  Joseph could no longer be the person he was.  The sum total of his life after the loss of Becky was: All bets are off. Everything that had come into his life before Becky had suddenly and utterly vanished.   Everything that he had ever experienced, together with his perceptions of those experiences and his resulting beliefs, and his values; it was as though all these things had never existed. His devastation was complete and he tottered on a knife-edge.  He knew he could easily have gone either way.  Why not finish it now?  Complete self-annihilation would surely be better than existing as a mere shadow, the residue of some decayed leaf in a compost heap gradually rotting into soil.  

Joseph hardly made a deliberate decision not to act rashly.  He could justify a decision either way.  It made no difference to him whether he lived or died.  On one hand, a quick and painless death would put an end to all the anguish.  But that would take an effort on his part, the energy for which he did not have.  He simply could not be bothered.  Yet he knew nothing could be the same again.  He could no longer place his trust in anything for he now knew that nothing could be trusted.  This was the beginning of a conviction that from that point on he would not accept anything unless it was from a position of absolute truth, whatever that turned out to be.  If nothing he could perceive came from such a position, then he would accept nothing at all.  Nothing, not God, not the cosmos, not even himself.  Before the accident, he had been interested in these things.  He had read books about philosophy and religion.  He had even read the whole Bible from beginning to end, the Koran, the Bhagavad-Gita, and religious texts from other religions.  After the accident, he had lost interest in such things.  They gave him no comfort whatsoever.  The books on his shelves were mere words, a seemingly infinite number of meaningless and useless words.

The only thing he had to go on was his total rejection of everything that had gone before him.  He would believe nothing. He would expect nothing.  He felt he was.nothing.  It seemed perfectly natural to him.  He felt he had been born to it.  It was as though he had regressed from adulthood back to the womb and he had now just what he had at birth: nothing.  Was he not born from his mothers womb stark naked?  Why should he not return to that state, he wondered?  He had been blessed and he had taken his blessings for granted.  After the loss of his wife and infant, those blessing had been taken away.  He had to start again from the very beginning.    

Joseph returned to bed and fell into a light and fitful sleep, lying in bed and moving in the direction of rest but at the same time conscious of his surroundings.  Eventually he must have dropped off because he began to dream.  He dreamt that he saw Becky.  They were both in a dense crowd.  He saw her in the distance and their eyes met.  They could not get closer to one another as the rush of people was too thick.  She was trying to say something to him but he could not hear her voice.  He shouted to her and tried to push his way toward her.  He was able to push through the current of human bodies but never seemed to come any closer to Becky.  Becky had a desperate look on her face and he saw she had been crying.  She was dressed in familiar clothing, a pink wool sweater, a favourite of hers during the colder months.  But she looked different.  She looked distraught and pained, her eyes sunken, grey, and dull.  Then at last he could make out her frantic words, Come to me, she said.  Curse God and die!  Come to me!  -- her arms out toward Joseph, beckoning.  But then her image faded into the crowd and disappeared.  Joseph awoke in a cold sweat and faced the grim reality that he had been dreaming.  

As shocking as the dream had been, it contained the image of Becky and he did not want that to go away.  The feeling he had was almost exactly the opposite of the relief one experiences upon waking up out of a terrifying nightmare.  It was a horrific moment.  The images of the dream were hardly consoling but there had been Becky, as though in life, and within sight, tantalizingly close, almost within his reach.  The pain of her absence returned, almost palpable somewhere deep inside his chest.  There was a soreness there which was becoming a familiar norm for Joseph.  He sat up and the next few moments passed like an out-of-body experience, as though he merely stood by and watched passively.  Hardly conscious of what he was doing, he shouted out aloud, God damn!  God damn death.  God damn me.  God damn the day I was born.  God damn!  And then he broke down, sobbing.   

Then he got out of bed again and he walked to the window.  There he looked out on a dark and quiet winter streetscape.  It was cold and dark and he felt a sort of connection with it, as though the substance of his soul, now itself a black and dead thing, might overspill into the dark void of the night.  There he saw a colourless and shapeless cloud scudding carelessly across the winter landscape, oblivious.  He felt a sort of envy.  What a relief it would be -- a privilege -- to be capable of nothing whatever under the heavens but the carrying forward of the arbitrary will of the winds, a complete surrender without scope for any wrong turning -- no compunction, no regret, and no memories.  But as it was his only reality was a bitter awareness of the opposites: error, guilt and irrevocable loss.  

Why did Becky have to go out that cursed evening?  If only she had lingered at home for a few minutes longer the outcome would have been different.  How is it that she ventured out just at that fatal moment?  If only he had been with her.  Why was he not?  Often he did go along when she visited her mother.  Perhaps they would have taken a different route or stopped off for a coffee, and thus completely altered the course of their lives.  To think, a cup of coffee could have prevented the accident.  Somehow he felt he was to blame.  He had chosen to stay home, taking the easy course, instead of being with his family and saving Becky and Sophie from disaster.  

Of course there were friends and relatives who came to the house to offer their regrets and to offer to help and comfort, to mourn with me, he suppose.  Some traveled great distances to visit, and he was puzzled rather than touched by their effort.  He discovered that the sentiment, If there is anything he can do, let me know is not just some trite Hollywood clich.  People said such things.  Others would arrive, take a seat and, not knowing what to say, would just sit silently for what seemed like hours at a time.  One of his best friends, a colleague from the office, said almost nothing during a long visit one afternoon.  Then he uttered a single final sentence:  I can see how great your suffering is, he had said, and then left.  Looking around the unkempt room and the house, and seeing himself in a mirror, haggard, it was not difficult for Joseph to infer what prompted his colleague to say such a thing.    But how strange it seemed that he had spent so much time said so little and then left Joseph abruptly.

No, Joseph was not touched by those who tried to share his mourning.  They could not possibly understand his suffering, no more than a puff of wind at his window can be felt on a distant star.  Everyone he knew, even the kids, were in his eyes that far from understanding.  If they had the slightest glimmer of understanding, they would have cried aloud in anguish, torn their clothing in his living room, taken ashes from the fireplace and sprinkled it in their hair.  They would have kicked the walls and thrown furniture through the windows.  In his own anguish, Joseph had actually done such things.

________________________________________________________________________

My soul is a dark and dying thing, a cold ember without a spark of heat or light, and troubles overwhelm me.  My mind seethes with agony and my guts rot.  I walk about in the dark away from the sunlight.  There is no respite in sleep.  Music does not console.  Food does not nourish.  Water does not quench.  I am like a reptile, cold-blooded, soulless, and lurking.   My limbs are diseased.  My eyes are swollen and sore from the weeping.    

________________________________________________________________________

Dogs fight in the street, and a child hobbles past on crutches, retching.  Infants die by the thousands each day for want of food and water.  Yet grand wars persist, and the faithless grow obese with wealth and insecurity, finally dying of gluttony.

Isnt it a merry universe, said the good god, laughing.   What a deep, deep joke, really, he lamented.  Burn a sacrifice, for the smell of burning flesh is just the thing for it.

No.  Sacrifice and idols are but fancy things, no substitutes for glory.  And humankind, a painted puppet with overgrown masked face and shrunken heart, abuses her own children and stomps on the dying and the destitute.  Always looking to the surface of it, her blood grows cold and putrid in her veins.  She sees not that she murders hers own, laughs at the sight of it and invites Satan to witness the spectacle.  I pray you, therefore, inflict the scourge on those who offer sacrifice to any species of god  good or ill, real or  imagined..  Let their first-born be taken and the droughts and wars prevail.  Let all manner of crop-eating locusts take their profits and livelihood.  A hardened tribe they will become for both feats and feast.  If only they would come to love their neighbours as themselves, seeing God in the face of the stranger and holding each enemy to their enlightened hearts, as near and dear as their own infant flesh and blood.  

Burn flesh and bow down, I say.  Worship! Pray!  I will be such an angry Boy if you do it for another.  Such a One as I shall not endure it, not a bit.  Burn!  Worship! Pray! 

Croaking words are but tired old things that hang in shattered tatters there.  Embrace it, then, with grander arms and see what is there for you to see.   Omniscience, all knowledge, each single one of infinite possible outcomes understood simultaneously by the pure light of your Divine wisdom.  Heavy bodies of the earth, with gross and fleshy eye and dumb voice, weigh down the clear sight and engulf it, engendering your tragedy, by speaking out and eclipsing it to good effect but without good design. 




Chapter 5:  Dialogue  Free to Sin and Be Judged

Around the time of the funeral, Josephs parish priest, the same Father Peter Seymour whom  we encountered earlier in this chronicle, promised to come to see Joseph.  The priests first visit occurred not much more than a week after the funeral, not far into December, while Joseph was in a state of shock and depression.  It was the Christmas season, everywhere that is except at Josephs house.  So soon after the accident Joseph thought it would have been obscene to try to celebrate Christmas, even if he had had the energy for it.  As it was, Joseph just stumbled on from day to day and forgot Christmas, without any deliberation.

Father Seymour was a middle-aged man, into his fifties but he was fit and trim and looked much younger.  He was not a man Joseph knew well.  Joseph had heard Father Seymour say Mass many times but had had very little direct contact with him until the funeral.  Father Seymour was a gentle avuncular man with white hair, a strong, intelligent brow, and soft grey eyes.  He spoke with a slight northern English accent, so vague that you could hardly place it.  


Father Seymour visited Joseph frequently, almost daily, during that period.  One particular discussion took place early in January.  Father Seymour arrived at the house around 7 in the evening.  He wore a dark clothing, a navy cashmere coat and his black priestly suit, his Roman collar standing out as the only light-coloured item of clothing on his person.  He seemed oddly well-dressed, the cut of his clothing somehow not quite fitting for his vocation and leaving a stiff and starchy impression, not in keeping with his personality.  Joseph offered the priest coffee or wine, which the priest declined.  Father Seymour did not waste a lot of time with pleasantries, a relief for Joseph.  Seymour began, Mr. OBrien, so tell me how you are managing now.  Of course, the past few weeks have obviously been probably the most difficult in your life.  Has there been any change since I first came to see you?  How are you holding up?

Oh I am doing fine, I replied.  Things are gradually getting back to normal, Joseph said, lying.

I do not wish to pry, Mr OBrien, but I will be candid.  I can see from the look of your face and the look of the house, how greatly you suffer.  Dont be afraid to talk to me.  It may help and it cannot do any harm.  As I have said before, I truly can help people in your position.  I can help you to remember the strength in your faith, in Christ.  Together we can help you to rebuild your life.  It will never be the same as it was and we cannot bring back your wife and baby, but you still have a life.

This irritated Joseph, as nearly everything did in the state he was in at that time.  It struck a raw nerve.  He did not want to be preached at or to hear empty proclamations about how Christ loved all his children, or about the healing process.  His voice breaking, Joseph stammered, No, Father.  I am still not really interested.  I do not want to rebuild anything.  It is so hopeless.  I feel utterly broken and I dont particularly want to be fixed.  In the circumstances, I dont see how it is possible.

Joseph continued his voice beginning in a measured and calm tone but gradually rising to a pitch of anger, Anyway, I have no time for religion or God in any of this.  How can God have allowed this to happen?  What have I done to deserve it?  It does not make any sense to me.  How can anyone believe that there is a good God when so many people die for nothing and there is such suffering?  No.  None of that for me.   I can tell you, Father, not only is my old religion not helping me but I am hostile to it.  I positively blame God.  I have reject religion and I curse it.  I have no more use for God, who holds out false promises.  Now I feel I know the truth about Him and about faith.

But, Mr. OBrien, there is more for you and in time you will understand.  You must be patient.  Just listen to me for a few moments.   You were brought up in the Christian faith and, for now at least, it is in that context which you must try to reorient yourself to your own life.

I do not wish to upset you, Joseph, but let us face the facts of your tragedy.  You have been a good man.  I know you have always helped those in need.  Now you yourself are in need.  Perhaps a terrible tragedy is meant to be.  Now it is for you to work out Gods greater purpose for inflicting suffering.  

Consider praying to God.  Just try it. Speak to God like a friend and express your frustrations directly to Him.  There is hope in Him, even though His workings and his intentions are beyond our grasp.

One day, you will even think that, in an odd sort of way, you are fortunate that you have suffered so greatly.  It can be turned around into an opportunity, if you have faith.  God wounds but only to heal.  This is a life experience from which you can truly grow.

Father, Joseph responded, You do not have the faintest idea how much I suffer.  Have you ever lost a child or a spouse?  It is no consolation to me to think that It is Gods will or that something good could come out of suffering.  It is almost as though you blame me.  I do not deserve this suffering.  God has punished me without cause.  I wish he would take my life as well, put me out of my misery.  My life is wasted.  The things I worked so hard to acquire are now worthless to me.  My career, my reputation, my home, my plans for the future.  To me these are all worthless trinkets.

I now understand that a man who has not suffered cannot see that he lives a false life.  He is disconnected from the reality of suffering which goes on despite him.  He closes his eyes to it in order to preserve a tiny enclave of contentedness, which becomes his own personal oasis.  He turns a blind eye to prevent his own artificial environment from being infected by hate, pain, and suffering which is everywhere, the norm for the vast majority of people.  And in that sense he creates his own artificial world.

I tell you I do not deserve this suffering.  Oh, you will say, Gods ways are beyond us but I feel sure that by any standard or measure, even by Gods own divine standards, justice is not being done to me and will not be done.  I have as strong a basis for that view as you have you have for your good opinion of God.  If Gods justice is beyond our comprehension then your position is based entirely on a matter of faith as to the character of God.  You assume a just God and therefore speculate that in the end all will work out for the best.  Am I to be consoled by the vague hope that Becky and Sophie are now up in some heavenly sphere of being and that one day I will somehow join them there?   That is, if, of course, I am a good boy.  

But that is just how it ends for me.  I refuse to believe in a Cosmic system which operates like some enormous school playground presided over by a divine headmaster who, like Santa Claus, knows when the school children have been bad or good and implores them to be good for goodness sake or, if not for that alone, then in order to avoid being punished.

Now I understand that we live in a very prison.  We are punished regardless of our behaviour.  There is no benign being residing in the  heavens and directing traffic here on earth.  The sooner we recognize that fact the better off we will be.  We are given life but we live on the strength of a whim and life is as ephemeral as a cloud and as transient as a breath.  We are as dust.  Each day for me is painful from beginning to end.  It is a slow torture.  When I wake up I yearn for the end of the days suffering.  When I finally drop off to sleep, I fear the night and cannot sleep for fear of not being able to sleep or, worse, fear of horrific nightmarish visions.   I feel my body is not a temple of life but a thing foul and contaminated.  Each day I am one day closer to death --we all are -- and I for one am glad of it.   Frankly, I often have suicidal thoughts. 

So I reject your trite consolation and I will not be silenced by it.  Do you really think that -- if there is a God at all -- He is the least concerned by what goes on on an insignificant planet orbiting a minor sun in an unnoticeable solar system within a galaxy which is one of countless billions of galaxies?  I say no.  It is arrogance to think otherwise.  In the larger scheme of things, if there is any divine Being it seems highly unlikely that he would be any more concerned about the strife of the human race than we are concerned about the suffering within an anthill in a back garden after the lawn-care man has come by or by the fighting of dogs in the street.  

Nor can I believe that we are put on this planet as some kind of test of our moral fibre.  After all, if God created us, isnt God entirely responsible for all of our features and characteristics including whatever proclivity we have to do evil?  I would go further than that.  If we are creatures of God, we have no freedom of choice at all.  I see it so clearly now.  Free will is an illusion.  For we do as we do only because of our precise physical, chemical and psychological make up.  I have no choice but to utter the sentence I am now pronouncing and, if one had perfect and complete information, one could have predicted with certainty not only that I would make this statement but precisely which words would be included in it.

When Joseph had finally finished talking, Father Seymour sat back in silence, pondering what Joseph had said. Joseph had taken the priest (and himself) by surprise by the spirited outburst.  Joseph also knew that he spoke utter blasphemy but he genuinely believed that his views were closer to the truth than those of the priest.  

Father Seymour finally spoke, a slight tremor in his voice:  Joe, what you have just said is highly offensive.  It is wrong.  It is totally unjustified.  You are upset and cannot see things as clearly as I.  God does not function as you surmise.  I fear you suffer in part because of your unconventional views about God.

Let me explain.   I do not mean to say that you have suffered the loss of your wife and child as some sort of punishment for a lack of proper faith in God or because you have sinned or acted improperly.  I merely say that the suffering which you endure as a consequence of that loss is much the greater because you refuse to allow Christ into your heart.

As for free will, individuals do have free will and they are subject to judgement.  But people do not earn eternal life by doing good works.  That comes as a consequence of Christs great sacrifice on the cross.  So, the fact that individuals may act properly is not to take away from the adequacy of Christs redemptive act.  It is grace which gives worth to the acts of individuals.  This is another one of paradoxes of our faith.  And the Christian must not shrink from the mysteries of our faith.  He must revel in it.

But, Joseph replied, if it all comes from Christ and grace, then one might ask why dont all people act properly and, even if they dont, why dont they all enjoy eternal life?

People obtain grace by prayer and receiving sacraments, said the priest.   Not all people pray and take the sacraments.  I urge you, therefore, once again to pray to God.  What do you have to lose?  God will answer your prayers in His own gracious way.  The Church offers great wisdom and you are refusing to reap the benefits of its teaching.  I accept that our lives are in a sense insignificant in the greater scheme of things.  The universe may not exist merely for our own enjoyment.  However, what you say about God is wrong.  I feel it instinctively.  I have experienced the warm glow of Gods love, intimately and profoundly.  It is what sustains me daily.  God to me is as the sun is to life on earth.  He is the great provider, the nurturer, the healer.  Just open your heart to these possibilities and they will be true for you as well. Viewed properly, life is itself the greatest, and the most unlikely, of miracles.  When I open my eyes each morning what I perceive is a world of exquisite beauty and wonderful opportunity, right before my eyes to be seized.

You suffer because you permit yourself to suffer and the pain will continue only for as long as you allow it.  I actually agree with your suggestion that in a sense we each create our own world.  The world as you see it is indeed a fabrication of your own unhappy imaginings.  It is an artificial edifice made of bad dreams, like a building tottering on the edge of a cliff.  Give it a nudge and you destroy it forever.  

To a believer, your words sound like the ranting of a deranged person.  Your anguish is itself the author of your thoughts as expressed to me as, candidly, pure blasphemy.  I want to save you from your errant thinking and lead you back to the path of the right thinking and right faith.  Let me do that for you.  Let me be your guide.

You are not the first person to experience a tragic loss.  As you say yourself, suffering is rampant.  People die in the many thousands every day, many in the cruellest of circumstances.  But people like you do turn the corner and return to normal life.  The human spirit is incredibly resilient and, with Gods help, time has a way of healing, a healing which leads to a deeper understanding and a deeper faith and manifold blessings.  Believe me for I have seen it time and time again in my own work in the Church.

There is a reason for everything, even suffering, whether we know it or not.  God has a greater plan for us and there is purpose in absolutely everything.  Christ is the great foundation on which the great edifice of right thinking may be built.  He is to thought as water and soil are to the giant white pine tree that grows to dizzying heights, without which it wilts and dies.  

As I say, it is sheer arrogance to think otherwise.  I have a special, if amateur, interest in modern science.  For all its great achievement, science has hardly scratched the surface when it comes to understanding the origins of the universe, its inner workings and what may lie beyond the known universe.  You may not appreciate this, but the Roman Catholic Church is quite interested in science, particularly theoretical physics.  While I was studying theology at St Michaels College here in Toronto, I had the good fortune to meet Gabriel Deluca -- now both a great friend and a colleague or, as he has given up the priesthood, a former colleague -- who was a physicist before he was a priest.  He studied theoretical physics at Toronto and then Cambridge, all at the expense of the Carmelite order of priests.  I have learned from my many conversations with Deluca over the years that Newtonian physics may be adequate enough for our daily practical purposes on a relatively small scale but it has been shown since Einstein to be inaccurate on a truly cosmic scale.  And even Einsteins own brilliant intuitions about the operation of mass and energy on a cosmic scale, and the fungibility of each, cannot be reconciled with what is being observed in particle physics.  What does this prove?  To me it shows that, there is more in heaven and earth . . .than is dreamt of in your philosophy or in the sum total of all human knowledge and study. In other words, when it comes to objective reality, we cannot through science even conceive the whole picture let alone understand it.  

And, says Deluca, there are only two possible outcomes.  One, that as knowledge continues to broaden in the decades, centuries and millennia to come, we will still be edging at a snails pace toward a full understanding which shall remain forever beyond our reach, as food and water were forever out of reach for the mythical Tantalus.  You can calculate pi on your supercomputers to as many decimal places of accuracy as you like but a more accurate measurement will always be conceivable.  

The other possible outcome is that science will come full circle and scientists will find themselves gazing into the very face of God himself.  This is the view that Deluca prefers and he is among a growing number of scientists who, rather than forcing a separation between the two, see a growing overlap between science and divinity.  
	
Either way, you must not rely on science in place of God and religion.  So I reiterate: open your heart to the age-old wisdom of the Christ and things will gradually seem different to you.

Joseph understood what Father Seymour was saying and saw its force but said, How can I arguewith one who presents a divine Being invested with omniscience and omnipotence, and who purports to have such a Being on his side?  Perhaps it is arrogance.  The difficulty is not being able to think my way to the bottom of this and to prove my case, or even to test it.  But there is no way to do that, no one to stand as judge and jury on the most important questions which face us.  It is utterly frustrating and unfair.        

There is such evil on this earth.  I see terrible death and suffering in the reports of news media almost daily.  Parents abuse and kill their own children.  The forces of nature kill hundreds of thousands of people.  There are disturbed and desperate men and women living in poverty, some prepared to kill themselves and others in what seems like an endless cycle of violence, often in the name of religion.  They think they are agents of God!  And the most civilized of nations retaliate by killing tens of thousands of innocent people.  Apparently the leaders of these nations also think they have God on their side, or so they imply in their speeches.  

Through these human agents, does God not murder both the innocent and the wicked?  If God is omnipotent and created the universe, surely it is He who commits these atrocities.  If it is not He, then who or what (and why)?

After a long pause, Joseph, stood up and paced around the room.  Turning to Father Seymour, he continued.  Alright, I will pray.  

Joseph knelt on the floor, closed his eyes , folded his hands together in front of his chest.    And began:  I pray to you, God almighty and ever-seeing, help me to understand how it is or even could be that my suffering and all of the strife on earth is justified.    Is it possible that you really care for me and the human race?  How can it all work out in the end for the best?  Do Becky and Sophie continue to exist and, if so, what is happening to them?  Can it really be a question of heaven and hell? I cannot believe that but give me a sign that it is so and I will be satisfied.  Why cannot I believe in you and have faith in an afterlife?  Could evil itself, the influence of some evil demon, Satan, cause me to raise these questions?  Or am I unable to take solace in these things because I myself am somehow guilty or unworthy?

Joseph remained on his knees.  The priest remained silent, a concerned look on his face. Of course there was no sign.  Nothing but silence in response to Josephs attempt to pray.

Forgetting about the prayer, Joseph continued.  If only there were a divine arbiter, someone other than God himself, to resolve these questions for me.  I would dearly love to be able to make my arguments to such a one.  I would happily stand against you or anyone who could argue the case for God.  I would bind myself to the outcome.  A divine arbitration process with no possible room for error and no right of appeal -- so far removed from earthly justice, whose wheels move slowly and whose outcomes may defy common sense!  I would be satisfied no matter what the outcome, be it only correct and final and binding for all time and against all comers.   It would be impossible to lose the case.   If I lost, then I would win because it would follow that there is a good and caring God and that we live in a moral universe.  If I won, the victory would be hollow but at least I would then know the answers to my questions.

If it were possible to take my case to God himself, it would be as though I were referring my complaint to be resolved by the person against whom I complain!  God would be both defendant and judge of his own case!  What prospects are there of a fair hearing in such circumstances?  The questions for the divine Court would be why does God punish me? and how can He can justify the anguish suffered by me and my kind on earth?.  But how can God himself fairly decide these things?

Anyway, if we are truly made in Gods image, how can I be sure that God is any more worthy than a man or woman?  Does He see no more plainly than we do and is he subjected to the same foibles, prejudices and jealousies?  Is he as short-sighted as the wagers of war on earth, the terrorists and the arbiters of earthly justice?  Why did He create us in such a way that we might fail His test, if it is a test which He administers and for which we are placed on earth?  Is He like the teacher who deliberately sets an examination to include material not covered in the curriculum?  Or perhaps he is a divine comedian -- a Cosmic comic -- setting us up for some eternal practical joke to amuse Himself and His kind?

It is said that God made us from dust and we are dust.  He created life in us and formed us.  Yet He hid from us one critical thing:  that the whole purpose of His benevolence was to observe us and notice whether or not we commit any sin and, if we do, to punish us.  He is not God the Almighty; He is God the zealous and sadistic prison warden, leaping upon any opportunity to inflict punishment on the inmates.  Or God the zoo-keeper, depriving his charges of the necessities of life to see whether their desperate plight will drive them to violence against one another.  Yet the whole scheme is orchestrated to produce these very results: sin and punishment, deprivation and violence.  It as though He set a trap for us, for He knows that we will surely sin, as surely as the rain will fall, the earth will rotate and the sun will rise.

I wish that I had never been born into such a trap as this.  I wish I could have stayed inside my mothers womb, asleep forever in the warm and calm water of life without the slightest concept of pleasure, pain, abundance, deprivation, guilt, innocence, good or evil.

Then Father Seymour:  You speak well enough  but remember that mere eloquence is inadequate.  And dont try to pin all the blame on God.  Those who think themselves entirely innocent commit a grave error.  They are desperate to lay blame on God for ill fortune.  It is human nature to do so.  But, even if you could stand up against God in your imagined Cosmic court of law admit, at least to yourself, that you are hardly innocent.  Every human being is intimate with guilt.  Each soul is black with sin.  And for this we have no one to fault but ourselves, for we have the power to choose and we do choose.  None of this is hidden from God.  He sees into our black souls.  He knows all our hidden motives and sees through our self-righteous arguments and our pleas for justice.  Each person shall have justice and the punishment will be fair, always commensurate with the crimes each has committed.

I assure you, Gods conscience is clear!  God is too wise for you to comprehend.  His wisdom is beyond your reach.   Try to touch it but you cannot.  

God knows that each of us is a sinner.  He sees and judges our wrongdoings and he condemns us.  It is not in your power to prevent this! 

Will you accept that this is so?  It is not in your power to change the constitution of the universe and it is futile and, if I may say so, it is unseemly for you to complain as you do.  You would do well to accept your fate, embrace it like a man.  There is the solace for humankind, surrendering to the greater powers and to your destiny, even if your destiny is abject slavery.  There is the scope for redemption from the sordidness in which you must otherwise exist.  Let Gods will be done without complaint for, I assure you, Gods will will be done.  Do not rebel like an immature teenager from his parent but accept with dignity and poise your place in the greater order of things along with both the blessings and the reversals dealt to you by fortune.   Stand aloof of it all and know peace.  Let each day look after itself.  I implore you.

All you have to do is repent.  Accept God into your life again and you will be cleansed.  You will be made pure and, in time, all suffering will come to and end.  It is open to you to be as the morning dew, and be renewed with the crisp clean dawning of each new day.  Yet you resist.  
 
Father, Joseph said, You speak as though you had perfect wisdom.  But I am no idiot.  I cannot accept your platitudes for their own sake.  Some great forces brought the universe into existence.  They create and they destroy.  These powers act with deliberation or seem to.  All that we see is consistent with the notion that we have not arrived here by some fortuitous accident.  But I am not with you beyond that.  

You do not look at the case objectively.  You are compelled to your views by a blind faith in a caring God.  That is the beginning and the end for you.  It is as though you were not capable of even hearing my words or considering my arguments.  You are forced to a single-minded perspective on the question of Gods character, like a criminal lawyer defending a guilty client.  The client has not admitted his guilt directly to you and so you refuse to acknowledge even the possibility of guilt.  Your mind cannot perceive objectively because you do not permit it to do so.  If I present salty food for you to eat, you detect that the food isnt sweet.  But when it comes to more subtle differences than the difference between sweet and salty, you cannot discriminate.

I beg you to try to consider my points fairly.  Listen to me!  I am prepared to accept whatever fate is in store for me.  I have no care for myself.  I could be struck by lightning or damned to hell this minute and I have no fear of it.

If the Almighty God exists and can hear me, why not heed my prayer?  If only He would let me know in my heart what I have done to deserve this suffering or, if I have done nothing, let me understand why it is necessary to torture me so.  Why, in His great power, is he so silent?  What?  An omniscient mute!  Does He revel in mystery?  Does it serve Him to stand so aloof and watch us trying to work out the sense of it all?  Why is He so afraid to show himself to us?  What?  An omnipotent coward?!  Is he too shy or tongue-tied to give us a sure sign of His true character?  Why would a loving God treat us as though we were his enemies?

I am completely insignificant and yet the Lord sees fit to scare me into a corner.  He is like a cruel boy stepping on a spider or a lion hunting down a helpless newborn mouse.  Our lives are short and apparently pointless.  We are born fresh and lively yet we wither in an instant, the beauty of youth fading and becoming dry and insubstantial, like rotting petals falling from a flower long past its bloom.  Why would God require an accounting from an individual who is predestined to act precisely as he was programmed to do by God Himself?  If God has been aloof from us throughout our lives, surely he will not suddenly become intimate with us on the day of our dying?  A mute and bashful God will surely remain so in death.  It would be unfair of Him to do otherwise.

If there is a final accounting after death and God is unhappy with my performance on earth, then I pray that God might let his anger cool before confronting me with His further punishments.  Perhaps, if He takes a few deep breaths, He will see the difficulty of my position and will treat me with a measure of compassion!  What has He to gain by inflicting such suffering on me while I abide on earth and then, adding insult to injury, punishing me even further and possibly eternally in an afterlife, simply because I have not measured up to his lofty standards of behaviour?  Am I to be punished for being so utterly crushed by the force of the suffering He himself has inflicted on me?!  I cannot believe it!

No, once I am dead and gone, surely that is it.  Thereafter there is nothing but annihilation, a sleep of death to which I for one desperately aspire.  When the sun sets we can hope that it will rise again and when winter sets in we eagerly anticipate the warm winds of spring and summer.  But as it is with the cycles of nature, surely so it is not with human life.  Once our hearts have beat out the number of contractions allotted to each, once our last breath has expired, there is no fresh start.  Gods silence, absence and aloofness all send an unambiguous message to anyone who has ears to hear.  Let him hear the clear message that hope is utterly crushed.  What we suffer on earth is either the first installment of continuing suffering in the hereafter or, if we are very lucky, all suffering will cease and we will become as silent and distant as God now seems to us.

With that, the discourse for the evening came to and end.  I am a little saddened and distressed by your current feelings about God and the hereafter, said Father Seymour, and I see I have thus far failed to make any headway at all.  But it is becoming late and I must take my leave.  I wish you a good night and may tomorrow bring you better spirits.

That night Joseph had a dream.  He dreamt that he had been called on short notice into a court of law.  He was required to undertake a criminal matter, a matter of grave importance.  He was anxious because he had never argued a case of this kind in the past and he was unfamiliar with the applicable legal principles.  Nor was he briefed on the facts and circumstances.  It was (almost literally) a lawyers worst nightmare.  He was advised only that the accused for whom he acted had been convicted and was to be sentenced.  The prosecution sought the death penalty.  

In the dream, Joseph was brought into the court room, a dark and old stone hall.  The judge sat smugly at the bench of dark oak wood, wearing a black silk gown which was wrinkled and old.  His face was long and thin and gaunt and his eyes angry, grey and dull. 

It turned out that Joseph was the accused.  The judge thought it was an excellent joke and he laughed out loud.  Joseph tried to speak but each time he opened his mouth to speak no sound came out.  He was mute and completely helpless.  When he saw Joseph mouthing words which would not come, the judges voice thundered Silence!,  his voice deep, grating and authoritative.  He called Joseph a snivelling fool and said nothing could be concealed from himself, the judge.  Then, without hearing a single word from Joseph, the judge rendered judgement:  Joseph was to die.  The judge in the dream then stood up.  Joseph stood and bowed to him.  With a smirk on his face the judge then made his way out of a great dark door behind the bench.  

It was a dream like no other Joseph had had in his life.  Joseph got up for a glass of water and to make notes of the dream so that he might remember it.  He was unable to sleep at all for the remainder of the night.  



Do not rage against God and wonder at the workings of the world!  The architect of the heavens will not miss the mark!  If a thing is so, it was meant to be so!  Go, then, raise your voice and groan with the searing pain of it.  Be the judge of your own conduct, mete out a fitting consequence for it and call it punishment and reward in a mock- divine system of justice.  Appoint your bailiff and your sheriff to determine each case on its merits after searching for the truth and hearing it said first backwards and then forwards until to your puny minds there seems no doubt about innocence or guilt.  Then may you be shocked when the murderer walks free and is revered and the rapist sees light while the righteous have only blood on their innocent hands and fear on their ignorant minds.


________________________________________________________________________

Wise teacher and high priest, why is it that you inspire senseless ritual and engender a sultry population?  Time and time again, it is the blind fool who earns the most from learning, or yet the babe in arms.  No, father, no.  Do not object your filthy pronouncements against an open door.  It is to be pushed only so far before it is entirely misunderstood.  I will write you when I have the time and time is the seed which will produce the staple crop.  One senses the words one utters, and not even always so much.  Thus the whole argument becomes tortured and spotty, not the thing of integrity we sought for and fought for and thought for.   

And the result?  Form, only form, without a jot of substance.  A repeating of truth so relentlessly and so faithfully that the truth becomes warped by faith and time and words, just as dull matter warps the ticking off of the seconds, and the faith garment no longer fits the wearer.  And there is an end on it. 

________________________________________________________________________
  
The story wrote itself once upon a time and the damsel saved the knight.  There lay the dragon, writhing in the agony of her deep and deadly assault.  In the backdrop, castles comprised of emptiness float in moats of denser matter and highlight scientific anomalies, the paradox so far unexplained.  Game rules seem to change with the dimension of things, macro and micro, and with the season.  When will the bell ring true, tolling waves of understanding which we can truly measure?  

Then said the damsel to the knight, Let us to bed.  Aye, said the knight, for he too craved that unity of movement and thought, the  sensual and catholic ritual, the Mass said without script, rubric or hymnal -- for Hymen.  And for a man  -- Amen.

________________________________________________________________________

Waiting in the cold for death. 

 The old man sat in his wheelchair on the busy sidewalk of a faraway planet alongside a bus stop.  He wore large bright red mittens which he rubbed and chafed together, as if to keep his hands warm.  It was a cold day and his breath was visible.  He grimaced, suffering from the cold, and impatient for his bus to arrive.   

 Waiting in the cold for death.    

Chapter 6: Dialogue  Wisdom and Doctrine

Father Seymour continued to visit Joseph at least once a week.  One of their discussions took place seven or eight weeks after the one recorded earlier in these pages.  As the weather was warming by this time, Father Seymour proposed that they might go for a walk, and Joseph agreed.  It must have been March, several months after the accident.  It was a warm day and the sun shone brightly.   Ice melted and water dripped from rooftops.  The local outdoor rinks had become slush and were no longer in service.  The birds had begun to return from the south.  For the prior week or longer, their early morning chatter could be heard as Joseph rose.  The trees were bare on close inspection one could already see the signs of their spring stirring.  Very soon there would be an explosion of spring, as buds and perennials began to emerge from their winter slumber.  As if as a harbinger of that event, some of the neighbourhood children could be seen playing outside, celebrating the end of another winter of being closeted indoors with grown-ups, television and electronic games.

Joseph and the priest walked along city sidewalks still partially covered with melting ice and snow.  As they progressed, they encountered puddles and tiny streams of water delivering the spring run-off to the streets for onward transmission to underground treatment facilities and, ultimately, Lake Ontario, which was also their immediate destination, just a matter of blocks from the house.  There were paved trails and a boardwalk running along the lake and our hope was that these trails would be passable on foot.    Along the side of the road were heaps of dirty snow, the remains of what had been gleaming snow drifts just a few weeks earlier.  At the last stages of melting the mounds appeared more as piles of hard-packed earth than of snow, as the snow melted off first and left curious shapes of grey and black material.  At first impression, how drab and ugly were the remnants of a cruel winter!  Yet, at the same time, a surprising symmetry and hidden beauty emerged from the images in the sludge.  They became tiny ranges of mountains, the heads of little dogs or deer, all aglow, glittering and alive in the warmth of the sun.

They approached Kew Gardens, a wonderful park.  There was a lot more snow and ice remaining on the pathways in the park than they had seen on the city sidewalks and there were large heaps of snow in some places, the remains of snow drifts or of snow removal operations at nearby industrial facilities.  Still they found they were able to walk along those parts of the path which were snow-covered or bare, occasionally having to detour to the muddy bank of the walk to avoid reservoirs of deep and dirty water that had become trapped in depressions along the pathway, waiting patiently for temporary slushy obstacles to melt and drain off.   In snow-covered areas, their boots met the snow in unison as they marched onwards at the same pace: squamsh  .  squamsh . . . squamsh.

Lake Ontario is more like the sea than a lake.  So expansive is its breadth that the opposite shore is nowhere in sight.  There were flocks of birds.  In the distance to the west, the priest noticed four tall smokestacks and beyond them the CN tower rising up over the bank and over other office towers, as if the tower were a great steel and concrete guard keeping watch over its flock of short and stocky brethren.

The morning was bright cool and crisp, as they walked along the lake.  The wind was brisk, sometimes urging them along and sometimes gently restraining.  Leaves from the prior autumn danced about on the path, swirling in unison, like children in a wild and gleeful romp choreographed by nature.  The old trees stood along the lakeside, bare and stoic, unadorned soldiers strong and armed, ready for the fight.

As was often the case at the outset of their discussions, initially Father Seymour and Joseph spoke of items which did not touch on Josephs personal situation.  They spoke of current affairs and of trivial matters: weather, politics or sports.

But Father Seymour did not wait long to turn to the main topic of discussion and their earlier discussions.  He began, I have thought quite a lot about our recent discussions. You continue to attack religion and ridicule faith.  I maintain that you do this because you are in a lost state.  You are afloat in uncharted territory, bobbing and dipping listlessly, like a small watercraft in the high seas, without direction or destination and without a means of finding your way to a safe port.  Your mind is cluttered with confused and ill-considered notions.  You require a map and a compass in order that you may once again see your way forward, by which of course I mean Christ and the Bible.  These are your compass and your map.

You do not have some unique window into the truth about the questions which we have been discussing.  Quite the opposite.  I am older and I have reflected for many years on these matters and, if I say so myself, I speak with the wisdom of age.  You are younger and in a particularly vulnerable condition.  It is as though you have been possessed by some evil influence, as if demons or Satan prompt you to speak so angrily and irreverently about things which are sacred.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

It is pure folly for a man to think he is autonomous, an island to himself without need for Gods love and guidance.  Such is the essence of sin and evil.  The sinner is one who presumes to carry on as though he were entirely in control of his own destiny.  The pleasures of life are there for his taking.  He has no regard for others, for fortune, or for God.  He is proud and utterly selfish.  And the sinner is doomed to fall.  His life becomes a torment.  Alone at the top of a mountain, he eventually learns the error of his ways and becomes terrified, afraid of fate, loneliness, failure, death and God.

They came upon an underpass where there was a bench.  Lets rest a while, suggested Father Seymour.  Joseph agreed.  The water was running high at that time of year and its pace was swift.  Rushing past were branches and other flotsam of the spring thaw.  In the slush they could see footprints showing that squirrels or other small creatures had been about, yet another sign of the changing of the seasons.

While they sat and rested, Joseph responded to Father Seymour:  Is faith and religion to accuse me instead of sympathizing with me?  Put yourself in my position.  No matter what you say or think my suffering continues.  It has now been over 3 months since the accident and I see no relief in sight.  I am becoming worn out in spirit and mind and almost feel I dont have the energy to carry on this discussion.  Look at me: I am a wreck.  I still do not sleep properly and my health is beginning to suffer.  My outer body is in decline though inwardly I remain clean and pure, in that my conscience is clear.  You have said that we are all sinners but I dont think I have done anything wrong.    

At the same time, I am not ready to give in.  At this moment I feel I am not ready to die  and be thus silenced.  I want to be heard and understood.  I want to assert my anger and my self, to educate others to the folly of blind faith in a punishing God.  I want a chance to prove my case, as it were, against God and religion before I walk into the dust of the earth.  

I am finally free of the fetters of religion and doctrine.  Those things only limit your scope for thought.  You say I am disoriented, like some listless vessel afloat on rough seas and hence, you say, I am confused and wrong-headed.  I like the analogy but I disagree with you.  I have been set free from the pious comforts of aggressive doctrinal views of the world.  Using your own analogy, I am finally free to explore the entire face of the earth, including its vast oceans of water.  

In fact, your metaphor of the ocean is a fitting one for the dark, unconscious aspect of humanity, the nearest we have to an underworld.  In its dark depths I may perceive all manner of terrifying images: octopi lurking in dark corners miles away from the nearest glimmer of light toward the surface, vicious opportunistic sharks hunting in ominous packs, tearing the flesh of fish and mammal and thus shedding clouds of blood into the waters, and the mythical Leviathan, aloof and mysterious but threatening.  The images I may encounter there may terrify but they are real and must be confronted and understood, instead of being shut out by the convenient and prudish myths of religions.  To be permitted to wander outside the conventional limits of religion is a liberating rather than a limiting experience for me, as you would have it.  I say, you are the one prone to confusion, not I.

 So give me a chance to explore a new frontier and I may be able to teach you lessons in wisdom and understanding.  Like Dante and Virgil, I am given the chance to travel to hell and back and live perhaps to better understand the secrets of life, death and afterlife.    It is as though I have been buried alive!  I have tasted death and been reborn to earth.  My old way of looking at things, and your way, are things of the past and lie in the dust beside me.

By now the sun had become low in the sky and it became dark and cooler, as they sat on the bench beside the river.  Joseph suddenly felt a chill in his bones and the bench felt uncomfortably cold.  He proposed that they should get a start back to the house before it became dusk and intolerably cold.  So they started to walk again in the direction from which they had come.  

Father Seymour was about the only person Joseph knew of who smoked a pipe and he lit his as they strolled along.  Then he began, Joe, of course I am not persuaded by your words, eloquent as they may be.  It is as though they are speaking a different language from one another.  It is difficult to point out just where you have gone wrong but you are so far off base that I fear you deceive even yourself, as I am sure you genuinely mean what you say, however wrong-headed.  

One error you make is to equate the wisdom of ages with doctrine.  Lets not reinvent the wheel.  We must take advantage of wisdom that is passed down to us by those who are eminently qualified to teach.  They are among the greatest minds that have ever existed and many of them have been inspired by God and speak with the wisdom not of men and women but of prophets.

To hear you speak one would think that these great teachers were fools and idiots or dumb animals.    Their teachings are not comprised of static doctrines of the Church.  I hope we will have a chance at a later stage to discuss this in more detail but for now I want you to understand that I do actually make a distinction between the wisdom of Christ, on one hand, and Church doctrine, on the other.  I accept that Church dogma itself has serious limitations.  It represents an ideology which is generally comprehensible to ordinary people.   But it is no substitute for the wisdom of Christ himself.

In a case like yours, and for someone like you, doctrine is not adequate.  One has to go beyond the conventional doctrine and delve more deeply into the teachings themselves.

For us, the teacher to look to is of course Christ.  I am not saying that Christ is the only great teacher.  He is simply the one who is best understood by the particular culture in which you and I were brought up.  Nor is it even necessary for you to accept that Christ was God.  That is what the Church teaches, and it is what I believe, but that part is not critical for everyone or for my present purpose.   For the moment, just think of Christ as a great teacher or prophet.  Thats all I ask.

So what did Christ try to teach us?  According to the scriptures which have been handed down to us, he spoke frequently of the Kingdom of Heaven.  What is the Kingdom of Heaven and what did Christ say about it?  Well lets look at his own words.  Christs words were sometimes a little puzzling when it comes to subjects like this.  He often used language that is almost poetic in its character.  Instead of a lineal presentation, we get imagery and parables.    One day I hope well have time to talk about the reasons why he did that.  

In what we describe as the Lords Prayer, Christ uttered some of his most meaningful words about the Kingdom of Heaven.  He implored us to pray, Thy Kingdom come, Thy will be done on earth as it is in Heaven.  To me this suggests the possibility of a heaven-like state of existence in the here and now.  Christianity is not merely offering the promise of everlasting life after death.  There is that.  But for people like you who suffer the loss of a loved-one there is also a promise of earthly paradise, a more immediate kind of relief from suffering.  

One way to obtain that relief is by worshipping God.  That does not mean simply kneeling and spouting off about how wonderful God is.  God is not some divine neurotic who relies on the good words of human beings to buttress his self-image, as you would have it.  That is the modern, cynical response.  But faith isnt necessary simply to validate God.  Rather, it is a step toward obtaining a fuller understanding of the mysteries of the universe.   If Christian precepts are right, or even merely point to what is ultimately true, then to the religious person life has meaning and the existence of the religious person is overlaid with a dimension, so to speak, which does not exist for the profane person.  Believe that you may see, wrote St. Augustine.    


Faith sets you apart from the sinner I described to you earlier, the person who believes in his own self-sufficiency and hence does not allow for the possibility that he is connected along with the rest of the human race, indeed with all of Creation, with something so great that it is divine.  To recognise that you are not self-sufficient is be deferential or to know humility.  That is why Christs teachings also allude to humility time and time again.  It is significant that in Christianity the redemption of men and women was accomplished by Christ, portrayed in his young life as a helpless infant of humble parentage.

Christ consistently assured His followers that the proud will be struck down and the humble person will be exalted.  You find this throughout his teachings.  For example  there is the Sermon on the Mount, in which Christ promises blessings on the hungry, the sad and the despised.  Blessed are you who hunger now, He said, 

for you shall be filled.  Blessed are you who weep now, for you shall laugh.  Blessed are you when men hate you, and when they exclude you, and revile you, and cast out your name as evil, for the son of mans sake.  Rejoice in that day and leap for joy!  For indeed your reward is great in heaven, for in like manner there fathers did to the prophets.  


And do you remember the parable of the Pharisee and the tax-collector?  They went into the temple to pray.  The Pharisee stood and prayed, God, I am glad I am not like other people, extortionists, adulterers, or even this tax collector.  I fast twice a week; I give tithes.  But the tax collector would not even lift up his eyes to heaven.  Instead he beat his breast and said, God, be merciful to me a sinner!  Christ prefers the tax-collector over the righteous character and says, every one who exalts himself will be humbled, but he who humbles himself will be exalted.

The overriding message is that things are not always what they seem.  Treasures abound in places where you do not expect to find them, even where you expect to find misfortune.  Again, I would like to consider this with you more closely at a later stage.  And, equally, misfortune and curses abound in places where you would expect to find treasure.  According to Christ, it is a topsy-turvy world.  

And that leads, again, to the importance of learning humility.  This does not mean that you go around subordinating your will to that of others or having a particularly poor self-image.  Your relationship with other people has almost nothing to do with the main point.  Rather, this is about learning to revere something other than yourself.   On only one level -- the profane one -- it does involve your relationship with other people as it does extend to cultivating ones own talents but at the same time accepting that there will always be others who are greater, stronger, richer, and braver than yourself.    In fact, if you do not achieve humility, you only accomplish one of two things:  either you frustrate yourself or, depending upon the degree of success you meet, you could become unbearably obnoxious to others!  But the much more important point goes well beyond your relationship with other people.  If you are distracted unduly by your own accomplishments, you may actually disable yourself from having a worthwhile relationship with the divine.    This is why Christ warned us that it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man  wholly distracted by things of this world -- to experience the Kingdom of Heaven.  Christ even said that, in order to follow his way, we must give up all our possessions and even our families!

Believe it or not, this admonishment even applies to grief.  You are now wound up within yourself.  In an odd sort of way, you are being incredibly selfish.  As a consequence of that, you are currently incapable of perceiving the possibilities for release which surround you.  They are there waiting for you to come out of yourself and open your eyes to see them.  It is almost inevitable that with time your eyes will be opened and you will see -- and I am here to encourage that process along.

Suddenly it began to rain and the men had  notice the dark clouds that had moved in prior to the rain.  The water began to come down in sheets.  They were not dressed properly for it and they became thoroughly drenched.  Joseph was soaked to the skin and felt uncomfortably cold.  There was a brisk cool breeze and it seemed to cut straight through his clothing.  He longed to reach the warmth of the house.  

Father, we will have to finish this conversation later.  Lets run for it,  Joseph said.  So they picked up their pace, even jogging along to get back to the house and out of the chilling rain.  Joseph was surprised at Father Seymours ability to keep up.  When they arrived at the house Joseph invited Father Seymour to come in to warm up but the priest preferred to get back to his residence and into a change of clothes.  They said their good-byes and Father Seymour departed.

When Joseph entered the house he ran upstairs, stripped off his wet clothing and had a warm shower.   He enjoyed the feeling of the warm water running over his naked body and he remained in the shower for a long while, just enjoying the feeling.  He changed into some dry clothing.  It felt good to be warm again, in warm clothing and inside the warm house.  For the first time in a long while he appreciated the refuge that the house provided; something as simple as a warm shelter yet so critical.  

Joseph thought about the conversation with Father Seymour.  Could it be selfish of him to feel the way he did?  Perhaps so, he thought.  On the other hand, he was not capable of simply snapping out of his current state, no matter how much he wished to.  He could not achieve peace in his heart simply by wishing that it should be so.  He could not begin to sleep right through the night by force of will alone.  While he could appreciate that there was truth and not a little wisdom in some of the points which Father Seymour was trying to convey, Joseph thought the suggestion that he was fully in control of his state of mind and health was a little nave.  In effect, Father Seymour was still suggesting that Joseph was to blame for his own suffering.    Surely the external events of life were to blame, and not Joseph or at least not him alone!

But, Joseph resolved to make an effort.   He would not take any blame for the mess he was in but her recognised that perhaps it was in his power to begin to turn the page and see what lay on the other side.


________________________________________________________________________


A miracle of flight and colour, intoxicating to the soul.  How foolhardy to count when we merely number the blessings.  It is a taking of photos through narrow lenses and a dulling of experience.  Do you insist on building memories of overlooked delights, row upon row of fading impressions duplicating a history and flattening the universe into finite dimensions?  Hence the story supersedes the living.  Hence we become not what we are but merely what we seem to be in the minds of others.  Such a belittling relegation is to measure pleasure in dots and sticks, cramping down perception into bytes, a hurricane for a puff of smoke and a flapping of wings for flight.  When you become that box, it is crushed before it is opened and anxiety dictates action, wisdom is flushed and disease is rampant in both mind and body.

The lines will be parallel and the game will be masterly for as long as there is a format.  Do not be lured into a false breeding of disasters for the morrow.  There are trials enough without that.  Let pour forth the images one by one and it will be as sensuous as the richest carnal delight.  I am made in such an image, the image of a Son made man.  Look behind you and see them gazing in amazement at your form and your beauty.  They exclaim at it and one day even you will be forgiven.  




Chapter 7:  Spring Thaw

By the end of that month, March, most of Josephs friends and acquaintances had pretty much fallen out of his life.  They had been touched by his grief, and in their own way had grieved with him, or tried to.  But unlike Joseph, of course they had been able to get on with their lives.  They had moved on, moved on without Joseph.  Other than Father Seymour, no one came to see him.  It was too uncomfortable for them and they may have felt Joseph would prefer to be left alone.  At first Joseph was not conscious of their absence but gradually it began to dawn on him that he had been forgotten or even shunned and he was a little hurt.

Joseph was aware that it would have been different for Becky, in converse circumstances.  She was the social one in the household.  She would have known how to maintain the connection between their friends and families.  

Yet Sam and Maggie were amazing.  They began to put their lives back together.  Their schooling had suffered at first, as they had little energy or enthusiasm for it.  But within weeks they were able to carry on with their routines and even began seeing their old friends.

Gradually Joseph began to follow the lead of the kids.  Under pressure from Father Seymour, he reluctantly tried going back to church.  As he saw it, what harm could it do?  If nothing else, it would get Father Seymour off his back.  It would not matter that I no longer had much faith in the church or its God.  


The first Sunday he attended church after the accident was in April.  He had suggested the idea to the kids the prior evening and they got up and had a hot breakfast as a family.  That was the first time since Beckys death that they had done that.  

Afterwards, Maggie asked her Father, Dad, why did you want to go to Church today? 

I just think it is time for us to get out of the house a little, he replied.  We should try to do some of the things we used to do.  Mum would want us to do that.

Do you think going to church will help you to be happier about losing Mum? said Sam.

No, I dont think so, Sammy.  I dont think anything can help much.  I miss her a lot and I think I always will.

I miss her too, Dad.  Sam sat silently staring dumbly at the wall for a few seconds.  It was painful for Joseph to talk about Becky with the kids.   During the weeks after the funeral they simply did not do it much.  Joseph was a pretty lousy parent during that period.  Incredibly the kids managed that period pretty much on their own and left their father to do the same.




Can we do something today, Dad asked Sammy.  

Well yes, sure.   What do you have in mind?

How about a bike ride.

Great idea, Sammy.  Maggie, would you like to go for a bike ride this afternoon.

Uh hu, she assented.

Maggie and Sam ran off and headed upstairs to their rooms to get dressed.  Soon afterwards they reappeared, both wearing appropriate outdoor clothing and running shoes. They got the bicycles out of the garage for the first time that year.  There was a tugging at Josephs heart and a silent sob as he saw Beckys bicycle in the garage lined up with all of the others.  He paused momentarily and thought of her.  She did not like bicycles but she would not have hesitated for a moment to join the expedition.  If only she could suddenly appear and do that.  If only.

The kids noticed Beckys bike as well.  Dad,asked Maggie.  What will you do with Mums bike.  Will you keep it?

I dont know, he replied.  Maybe we should keep it so that you can use it when you get bigger.

She did not respond.  Joseph brushed aside a tear and got into the job at hand.  There were tires to be inflated, chains to be oiled and helmets to be located and fitted.  That being done they set off at a slow pace.  They headed to the paved trails where Father Seymour and Joseph had walked the week prior.  

It was another lovely spring day.  There were still small piles of dirty snow to be seen here and there.  It is incredible how long snow survives through day after day of warm weather.  At the same time, the signs of spring were everywhere.  Shoots were pushing their way through soft moist soil.  Tiny blossoms were already appearing and the branches of trees were full of emerging buds.  

There were many people on the trails that morning, walkers, joggers, cyclists, dogs, and skateboarders.  They passed through Kew Gardens, where the rains from earlier in the week had accumulated in puddles.  In one of the deeper puddles was a very large shaggy dog wading around in and drinking the muddy water, thoroughly enjoying its romp and completely ignoring the instructions of his owner. 

A tree restoration program was being carried out in the park.  Large sections around some old oak trees had been fenced off and some new oak trees have been planted to fill in for when the older ones die off.

There was a kind of excitement in the air.   Winter is glorious but when it comes to an end it is so lovely to get outside and be reminded what a warm breeze feels like.  They cycled for over an hour, at a gentle pace.  

There were new-born goslings along the lake at one point and they stopped to look at them.  Look, Dad, geese and goslings, exclaimed Maggie.  The little ones were adorable, fluffy and bright eyed, waddling along awkwardly under the protective guidance of a waddling parent.  As we approached, she glared at us and she honked quietly to warn us against coming too close.

Afterwards, they rested at Kew Gardens, where they saw organised groups of picnickers, church groups Joseph supposed.  There was a lot of activity: a dog chasing and skilfully catching a flying disc thrown by its master, children wearing baseball gloves and playing catch, men at portable barbecues cooking assorted varieties of sizzling meat, the smoke rising gently up into the branches of overhead trees.  Joseph had brought water and snacks in a knapsack and the three of them partook of those as they sat on a park bench and watched the activity.

After an hour in the park, they cycled back to the house and returned the bicycles to their places in the garage.  Joseph felt better for having had some exercise and, though they had not exerted themselves, he was conscious that he was out of shape.  But no matter, he thought.  It had been a nice afternoon out as a family, incomplete though they were.   

They went out for dinner that evening, yet another first for them.  They had in the past enjoyed Indian food and chose to go to one of their former favourite Indian restaurants among a cluster of them on Queen Street West.  

________________________________________________________________________


Birds play at flight and men die in cruel and foolish wars.  A dog brushes against a tree.  Nature calls with no answer except from birds and dogs.  It is a kind of hunger pang which guides the creatures of the forest to wisdom, a godly inbuilt thing not heeded or needed by men and women.   They remain groping in the dark.  When a wind blows from the west it still brings news of oriental notions, full circle.  The source of it is precisely not what we were taught.  Trees move breezes (not the other way around) and the syllogism is read out proudly in reverse, with countless alphabets arbitrarily laid out in multiple patterns forming exquisite art, stunning to behold.  And it is in the heart of it that the secret is kept, constantly reshaped and reformulated with each generations evolving senses.  


Chapter 8:  Ritual and a Puppet Prince
What custom will in all things, should we do't?
The dust on antique time would lie unswept,
And mountainous error be too highly heap'd,
For truth to o'er-peer.

Coriolanus

The feeling in the church that morning was pleasant.  The light from the windows warmed up the atmosphere and the woodwork.  The place had a sort of amber glow on such a day.  It was a weekday and the congregation was small, made up of mainly of a few elderly women of various ethnic origins, mainly European but including representatives from Torontos Asian population.  The Mass began.  Father Seymour  presided.  

Despite the small congregation and the fact that the Mass was being said on an ordinary weekday, the priest began the liturgy with energy.  He spoke articulately and with enthusiasm, not by rote as some priests often do.  But, after the priests energetic greeting and introduction, the congregation delivered its responses in the Kyrie with far less spirit:

Lord, have mercy.
Christ, have mercy.
Lord, have mercy,
they chanted weakly.

Father Seymour was conscious of the contrast between his spirited attempt to energize his congregation, and the lacklustre tone of the response from the people.  His mind wandered for a moment and, though the Mass proceeded without pause, his train of thought faltered.  The Kyrie had seemed somehow more appropriate in the Greek he used to hear as child, he thought to himself.  The ancient languages were more solemn and profound, in a way better suited to the great ancient roots of the institution.  But the congregations in those days were just as lethargic.  Kyrie, eleison, the grown-ups used to moan. The priest remembered it vividly.  Christe, eleison.   

It was a bright morning and the stained glass windows, including a large rose window, showed brilliantly.  In memory of William Johnson 1910-1985, read the inscription at the bottom of the rose window.  The Johnson family were a prominent and wealthy family who had paid for the installation of the window a couple of years after the death of old Mr Johnson.  The priest recalled it was a very expensive project and he was impressed that the family was prepared to lay out so much cash (6 figures) for the installation.  At the same time, there was something objectionable about buying a piece of the church and having the family name appear there.  It would have been even more impressive had the family sponsored the window on an anonymous basis.  

The priest refocused on the liturgy he was performing and considered the meaning of the words he was reciting: 

For you alone are the Holy One,
you alone are the Lord,
you alone are the Most High,
Jesus Christ, with the Holy Spirit,
in the Glory of God the Father.
Amen.

Father read out the first reading and then the usual few stanzas from the Psalms.  He was conscious that this stuff is delightful poetry, full of energy and wisdom, meant to be read aloud and to inspire.  He read out the words with renewed energy: 

Give thanks to the Lord for he is good, for his love has no end.
Let the sons of Israel say: His love has no end.

Alleluia, alleluia, alleluia! the congregation responded.  The word Alleluia appeared in the missals with an exclamation point but the elderly group of faithful responded listlessly:

The Lords right hand has triumphed; his right hand raised me up.
I shall not die; I shall live and recount his deeds. 
	Alleluia, alleluia, alleluia!

The gospel reading was a passage from Matthew, which included this admonition:

You cannot give yourself to God and money.  I warn you, then: do not worry about your livelihood, what you are to eat or drink or use for clothing.  Is not life more than food?  Is not the body more valuable than clothes?  

Look at the birds in the sky. They do not sow or reap, they gather nothing into barns; yet your heavenly Father feeds them.  Are you not more important than they?  Which of you by worrying can add a moment to his life-span?

Father Seymour persevered, able to maintain focus through most of the remaining parts of the liturgy, though he remained nearly the only person in the place who seemed truly inspired by the liturgy.  His sermon, albeit brief, was thoughtful and animated. 

They got on to the communion:

Lamb of God, you take away the sins of the world: have mercy on us.

Again Father Seymours mind began to wander and he thought of the old rite, in Latin, which he remembered from childhood:  Agnus Dei, qui tollis peccata mundi:  Miserere nobis.  Latin is so concise and elegant, he thought.  But what had it to do with Christ? he thought. It seems He had multiple personalities.  There is the humble spiritual teacher in the gospels, a human being with great wisdom and piety, someone who really cared about his fellow men and women.  Then there are these greater than life images, the stylised figure pictured standing stiffly and somewhat uncomfortably, with a halo, blessing his flock in Medieval and Renaissance Italian art, or the luminous prince seated at the right hand of the Father.  And then again we have this Christ as the Lamb of God, more like a pet than a prince, and no longer the caring shepherd but a member of the flock himself!  We have fashioned Christ into at least three distinct personalities and the tension between them was reflected in the inner struggle which the priest experienced himself.  He was torn between the ideals of the Christ he knew, understood and loved best -- the humble teacher full of timeless wisdom -- and the various persona of Christ which his vocation required him to propagate.  He knew the latter version of Christ, as taught by the Roman Catholic culture, stood in the way of the former, with the effect that the real character of Christ became transformed and marginalised.  Christ was presented to world in a trivialising disguise.  

Lord, I am not worthy to receive you, but only say the word and I shall be healed.

The Communion rites were carried out and the Mass concluded.  The priest felt pleasure as it ended, almost an automatic response to it, the re-emergence of an old habit first picked up in childhood.  As the people made their way out of the church, the priest greeted them individually and chatted briefly with some of them.  They, too, finally seemed so much more alive and animated now than they had during the liturgy itself.  

As numbingly routine as the liturgy had been for them, was there not still something intriguing and uplifting, he thought, about the prospect of human beings gathering together to worship their God in this way?  A religious service  regardless of the religion or denomination and regardless of how routine it might have become -- represents human beings contemplating the mysteries of the universe and the possibility of something greater than themselves and their surroundings; in other words the possibility of the divine.  Could worship of God, even in this routine fashion, really be worse than not worshipping at all, as the Movement would have it?  The elements of the liturgy have become worn out and the people recite their responses without animation or enthusiasm  literally, they are without spirit and do not appear to be particularly filled with God.  And what they worshipped was a marginalised puppet Prince of a God.  Yet for them the very familiarity of the ritual and the icons must be what draws them back time and time again and in some way provides direction, consolation, possibly even meaning.  Despite his reservations about the current state of the Church and his hopes for a new direction, Father Seymour could see that, for those who attended the Mass that morning, there remained something of value in the old liturgy.   Must he and they leave all of this behind?  Would such people be able to adapt to something radically different?  Clearly not yet and clearly not unless it were introduced gradually.  

In the meantime, Father Seymour was torn.  He had one foot in one camp and one foot in the other.  For how long could he keep this up?  He often thought that he was living a lie and that it might be better to leave the Church altogether.   At the same time, he could and did rationalise his position, both for himself and others.  He appreciated the benefit which would be achieved in the long term if people like himself continued to work from within.  Anyway, he could not get himself to take the huge step of leaving the Church.  He was comfortable with it.  It had been his life.  



________________________________________________________________________

God turned from the heavens and admitted that light was tainted, the stars putrid and the moon polluted.  He saw that it was not good.   The shadow was cast and each footstep circled around itself.  Yet clothing conceals beauty as well as profanity and hope remains for a story perceived by the newly born.  The glimmer of light reflects intensely from the surface under which substance prevails.  The line is not perfectly straight at all.  It contains a finite means of transportation, more complete than the rest.  Go back to that day in a universe where the rules are not so friendly and where the rain is without a parent.  

The son of man is worse than this.  The smell rises high even though concealed by pomp and ceremony.  There is not a drop of blood in it.  It is as dry as a bone and more brittle. The grave gapes wide and maggots eat the flesh of the Most High.   If you could only see it!  How you would repent!   How you would rent your clothes and tear your hair!  How you would spurn the conventional ways of men and women, of nations, of commerce and of religion. 

 I am sorry for I have sinned.  
It has been so long since my last confession.  
I am sorry . . .  but mostly because I have offended you, My Lord.  

 Go in peace, then, to love and serve the Lord, of whom you have heard merely the faintest of whispers.  Beyond that fleeting apprehension behold the greater aspect of the Lord of Destruction raging as a gigantic thunderstorm on the nether side of the farthest galaxy, well out of your sight and nearly out of earshot.  It speeds away faster than concentric images from it can fly back, utterly out of reach, out of mind, and out of thought.  Go, then, to love and serve Him.



________________________________________________________________________

Chapter 9:  Dialogue -- The Point of View of Everything


Father Seymour paid Joseph many more visits over the ensuing months.  Sometimes their discussions were heated.  Sometimes they could agree on things.  The theme was the same each time.  Gradually, though, they became more and more comfortable with one another and they spoke more as friend-to friend than counsellor-to-bereaved.  A mutual respect certainly existed between them.  

Often Joseph had the sense that Father Seymour was hiding something, holding back.  He sensed that Father Seymour was not entirely sure of himself on some of the positions he took and Joseph suspected that there was more to this man than meets the eye.  Sometimes he would express a view, like some of those recorded above, which did not seem to fit very well with his general tenor and occasionally he wondered how some of his opinions could be reconciled with his position as a Catholic priest.  If Joseph tried to challenge the priest on these points, Father Seymour would refuse to engage with Joseph.  The priest would either smile wryly or altogether ignore the challenge.  Joseph knew something was afoot and, in time, he came do discover what it was.

Father Seymour and Joseph met at Josephs house one Saturday afternoon in September, now many months after the accident.  Sam and Maggie were out with friends.  It was an overcast day, with thick layered clouds forming a great warm blanket in various hues between grey and blue, dappled here and there by opaque spots of light and even broken by tiny pockets of blue sky pouring forth sunshine.  Though it was a breezy day, the sky seemed nearly static, the great heavy clouds retaining their shape as they sailed silently and gently overhead, in no mood to speed off or to disturb the activities of the people they shaded.  There was no threat of rain.

Father Seymour took a seat on the couch in the living room and Joseph sat across from him in a chair.  Though they were becoming increasingly more comfortable with one another and though they were far from agreeing on every point, by this time Joseph enjoyed and looked forward to the discussions.  

Joseph had prepared a pot of tea on this particular occasion, some aromatic British blend, and he poured a cup for each of them as they chatted about the children and the spring weather they had been enjoying.  

I am feeling much better these days, Father, started Joseph.  I cannot tell you what a relief it is to feel the worst is now over.  I feel sure that I am on the road to recovering from what I guess has been a pretty solid period of depression.  I have been sleeping better for some while now.  I had been on an anti-depressant.  I have no idea whether I would have improved without it, but it doesnt matter anyway.  I suppose the passage of time helps.  I like to think  our many conversations have also played a role.

The important thing is that you are recovering, said Father Seymour.  Except in cases where people in the state you were in act rashly, recovery from depression is almost inevitable.  I suspect that this is so even without drugs and without lengthy conversations with priests or therapists.  Time has a way of healing.

You had been in mourning for many months.  It is healthy to mourn for a period but at some point one must try ones best to piece back together a worthwhile life.  I am glad to see you are starting to achieve that.  You have two wonderful children, a career, and you have a lot going for you.  There are people who care about you and wait to be let back into your life.   On a more philosophical level, you are surrounded by beauty.  Each moment of existence for a human being can be like hell or like heaven, and it is for each individual to determine which of those two it will be.  You had chosen hell and you experienced hell for many months. 

During one of our earlier discussions, you mentioned travelling to the underworld and back again or dying and coming back to life.  I say, precisely so.  This is what suffering a great loss and mourning entails.  You experience a type of hell and then, with a little luck or prayer, you are able once again to experience the pure light of day, which is heaven.  Though there will always be something missing in your life, in some ways you will be able to appreciate the moment more fully than you ever did before.

A tragedy like the one you have suffered can be a purifying experience.  It opens up avenues of experience you never knew about before.  It enables you to pay attention to new aspects of perception.  You are forced to start again from scratch like a new born baby.  You are freed from all preconceptions which form the mental baggage which has accumulated over the years.    In another sense, you are forgiven your sins and you start with a clean slate or, if you like, a spotless soul.  

A person who lives an easy life without knowing suffering or deprivation cannot comprehend any of this.  He becomes an isolated and inflated ego, a helium balloon rising through the clouds, and he may surround himself with superficial pleasures of the world.  These might be riches, promiscuity, or material possessions.  The end result is that the person lives a constrained lifestyle, a daily cycle of feeding, sleeping and working, carried on for the sake of merely being able to carry them on.  He becomes convinced that he is invincible, like a teenage boy prepared to take any risk no matter how foolish.  He has no idea that he is liable to be deflated at any moment.  Eventually he will fall from the sky and drop to the ground like piece of rotten fruit from a tree and he will be crushed in an instant.  In the meantime he lives in a tiny world with artificial pleasures.  The Kingdom of Heaven of which Christ spoke may be within his reach but such a person, like the rich man, has only a slim chance of perceiving it.  Instead he will live in oblivion and then he will die in the dust.

Father, Joseph replied, our discussion has progressed over the months.  I am seeing things differently these days and, as I have said, I am feeling much better. There is also a prospect of us seeing eye-to-eye in some areas.  And it would be wonderful if my suffering ends up in some way enriching my life.  Still, my experience is that people who have not known hardship may in any event seem to live the fullest possible lives here on earth.  They are complaisant and tranquil.  They may be very talented and intelligent.  They can be generous: philanthropists and benefactors.  Though they are in all other respects unlike me, they are often much like me in terms of their attitude toward the divine, which is to say they have no need for God or religion.  I am thinking of accomplished business and political leaders, for examples.  They wield great power.  They sometimes become corrupt, and the cynic in me sometimes wonders whether corruption is not much more widespread than we recognise, though often very subtle and difficult to expose.  They see the world and enjoy great security and leave offspring to carry on their name and their lifestyles and to inherit their wealth and power.  

Even if such people are not aware that there is more to existence than they themselves experience, what does that matter so long as they think they have achieved so much?  At the end of their lives, regardless of their ignorance and their corruption, they die in peace.  Like the wicked, the ignorant prosper.  There seems to be very little justice.

I go even further than that.  If God is the caring and loving God which religion says he is, is it possible that even the guilty man is spared on the day of judgement?  If there is an afterlife, what is to stop a good and loving God from forgiving sins and treating the sinner in precisely the same way as He treats the righteous one?  Apparently, according to the Churchs teaching, the wicked or ignorant man who repents in time is treated just like the person who never sinned in the first place.  Judging from the Gospels, even Christ had more time for sinners than he had for the virtuous.   There are the parables about the prodigal son being welcomed back into the household or the lost sheep into the fold and of the employer paying the same wage to each worker, whether he worked all day or only part of the day.  Arent these meant to demonstrate that the repentant sinner is treated in the same way as the virtuous?  If God can be so generous to the person who sins and happens to repent before dying, is it such a huge leap to think he might just be equally generous to the sinner who repents on the day of judgement or even to the sinner who does not repent at all?

There is a similar point, about prayer.  What good does praying really do?  If I have religion and I pray for the health of a very old and very sick man, what must I ask for?  On the face of it, I ask that he may become healthy again.  Yet, at the same time, I am implored by Christs own words to pray only that Gods will should be done, whether that will means life or death for the old man.  So, I say, if I am to pray that Gods will shall be done and that very will shall be done in any event, what is the point of the religion and the prayer in the first place?  I may do just as well by following the example of the wicked or ignorant man who does not wish to be bothered about God.

Father Seymour paused a moment.  Joseph could see he was deep in thought and was considering how he might express what he had in mind to disclose.  He began as follows:  Joe, I have a kind of confession to make and I have been wondering for some while how I might go about mentioning this to you.  You will no doubt be under the impression that these dialogues have been all about you and your bereavement.  And they are.  But in fact, our discussions have also provided me an opportunity to advance some of my own thinking in areas which have been profoundly important to me for many years, even decades.  More about that later but, for the present, I feel compelled to reveal something about our discussions.  I have not at every stage been completely upfront with you concerning my views.  For reasons of my own, it has been necessary for me to toe the party line, so to speak, and to be somewhat reserved on a number of the subjects we have considered together.  I am after all a Roman Catholic priest and I hasten to add that I am of course a faithful servant of the Church.  However, I have (with others) been developing personal theological views which, shall we say, go beyond the orthodox views of the Church.  You may be surprised to learn that I am not alone.   There are many men in my position and calling who are trying to reconcile their vocation with a new way of thinking about spirituality.  There are also many others  such as Gabriel Deluca, a man I have mentioned before -- who do not believe it is possible to reconcile the vocation with the new way of thinking and they have found it easier to pursue this line without remaining in the priesthood.  And indeed there are many others involved in this process who have never had anything to do with the Church, or in some cases even Christianity.    I refer to a truly ecumenical evolution in religious thinking.  Again, more about that later.  

The other overriding point I wish you to understand is that my own views, as unorthodox as some of them already were, have been evolving as we have carried on our discourse, in part as a consequence of my having to focus on the important issues which have arisen in the course of our debate but also as a consequence of ongoing interaction with others.  I associate with individuals whose positions are, frankly, quite a bit more radical than my own and I confess that I am struggling with a number of spiritual and vocational issues which have a bearing on all of this.

From this point, however, I will adopt a much more candid approach.  I trust you.  I know I can confide in you.  During our conversations, I am sensing an increasing level of rapport between us, as human beings, rather than merely between priest and layperson.  Each time we meet, after just a few minutes, I notice this.  It is as though we communicate on the same wavelength, comprehending and respecting one another even where we have disagreed.  A certain rhythm falls into place as our dialogues evolve.  And I am hopeful that -- if we continue in the direction we are going and if I introduce a new candour which was in part lacking before -- we can move to a deeper level of discourse.  It will be a two-way thing.  We may be able to guide one another toward understanding things of a new and profound character.  

With all that in mind, let me respond to what you have just said.  You distinguish between the virtuous, on one hand, and the wicked or ignorant, on the other.  Perhaps the problem here is that even these concepts have no significance from a divine point of view.  I will surprise you, even shock you, by agreeing with a point you made during one of our earlier discussions:   we are not living in some enormous school ground over which God presides, watching to see if you will slip up and ready with an appropriate punishment if you do.  Perhaps the behaviour of men and women is nothing to God.  Why should he whether you are wise or ignorant, kind and gentle, or vicious?  He does not obtain any benefit whatsoever from virtuous conduct.  Conversely, neither does he suffer when men and women commit acts which we have been taught are sinful.  The benefits of good behaviour are obvious social and earthly benefits, not particularly touching on the divine.

Perhaps God does not take an interest in the affairs of humankind in quite the way we would hope.  Perhaps it is true that he is aloof from us, as you say.  In a sense he is not a caring God.  My orthodox colleagues would certainly disagree, but through communications with others I am forced to consider the possibility that realistically God probably is not particularly concerned about the afflictions under which we suffer on this earth.   To Him, perhaps a world war between nations is, to use your own metaphor, as a dog fight in the street might be to us.  That would certainly be consistent with the human experience in which there appears little evidence of divine intervention to relieve suffering and the theory provides an easy explanation of how it is that an all-powerful divinity might choose not to intervene.

But this brings us to an interesting point about good an evil. It does not follow that an omnipotent God who fails to intervene in human suffering is not a good God.  We conceive God up there in the heights of heaven.  But He sees the universe and the plight of humans from a wholly different perspective from ours.  He sees the universe from what Gabriel Deluca calls the point of view of everything.  In contrast, we see it from the very limited point of view of almost nothing.  We speak of good acts and bad acts, virtue and sin, fortune and misfortune.  Yet, with few exceptions, acts and events are either equally good or bad, fortunate or misfortunate, depending on ones perspective.   Or they are virtually insignificant from a Cosmic perspective  that is, from the point of view of everything.  

For a pretty extreme example, you may say that the killing of millions of people, warriors and civilians, during the first and second world wars was evil and, to put it mildly, highly misfortunate.  Yet on a different level, the passing of individuals, even millions of them, is a blessing, if indeed there is an afterlife in heaven, or at worst it is virtually insignificant from a truly Cosmic perspective, as is the extinction even of a whole species of life.  We think ourselves as having a special status in the universe.  That is a perfectly natural attitude to adopt because we are important to ourselves.  But as soon as you allow the possibility of more sophisticated forms of life, including God but also other species of being residing in other galaxies, you must allow that in the scheme of things the human race might be little more significant than the species of monkeys, ants or, for the sake of consistency, I might add dogs.  

It would no doubt seem a great misfortune if the human race were wiped off the face of this planet.  But from the Cosmic perspective would that be so much greater a calamity -- except of course from our own selfish perspective -- than the annihilation of any other species of life?  From the point of view of an ant, the annihilation of the species of ants would be a much greater calamity than the annihilation of men and women!  Indeed, I fear that many species would have reason to rejoice greatly at the extinction of human life from this planet!

If you are with me that far, and acknowledge that even the entire human race is of limited significance, then you will readily accept that what we normally think of as a small-scale or a large-scale human tragedy is either an event of neutral overall impact upon the universe or it is hardly noticeable from the point of view of everything.  And, as I have said, this must be so particularly if indeed, as our faith assures is, there is an afterlife of paradise for the departed.

In one of his first books, Deluca wrote that the human tragedy is almost entirely to do with perspective or attachment.  When there is even a horrific or large-scale tragedy on the other side of the world or across town, we might feel compassion (and, regrettably, not always that) but we do not grieve as we would when someone to whom we are attached experiences suffering.  A person might sacrifice countless anonymous lives in far away places if he thought that doing so could protect the life of a single person to whom he was deeply attached.

This is also borne out time after time on a larger scale by the behaviour of nations when they come to the aid of their fellow human beings who have suffered a calamity.  The nations of the world raised several billions of US dollars to assist the victims of a natural catastrophe in south-east Asia, the Tsunami disaster near the end of 2004.  This was indeed to the great credit of those nations, and this was the greatest humanitarian relief effort in history.  However, even that enormous amount of aid is a drop in the bucket compared to what a single nation will spend each year   up to hundreds of billions annually  on its defence budget to produce arms to protect against threats, some of which may be largely hypothetical if not imagined.  And the powerful nations of the world have frequently been prepared to kill thousands of foreign civilians in order to protect against, or to retaliate for, a threat or wrongdoing affecting only a few of its own citizens.   Twas ever thus.  When we look back in history we can see how petty and wrong-headed were many of the disputes which lead to hostile behaviour between nations, including many wars.  It is also easy to see the same in respect of faraway nations having cultures with which we do not identify.  It is much more difficult to perceive the same folly regarding our own nation or nations to which we are closely allied or associated.  Yet when history looks back on the conduct of the modern nations of the Western world, including our own, I fear it will appear equally as wrong-headed as the conduct of the nations which exist in a time or culture different from our own.

And so it is in respect of our own personal suffering.  It may seem callous to put it this way but an individuals suffering is largely to do with perspective and attachment.  We mourn the loss of a loved one, someone to whom we have become attached.  Yet life without that person need not be any worse than it was before that person came into our lives.  Fortunately it is in the nature of the human character gradually to become more and more detached from the personality we mourn and, in most cases, life goes on for the survivor.  It is not that we forget the person or that we do not honour the memory of his or her time with us; the memory of a very close family member never lapses.  But the deep emotional attachment, which has become a type of psychological dependency, does fade away in time.  It is though we become addicted to people, possessions, and our surroundings.  When we lose any of these we experience varying degrees of withdrawal, the degree depending on the level of attachment, and eventually we become cured of the addiction.

This process of addiction is both a curse and a blessing.  The attachment between individuals may be the source of exquisite pleasure and profound personal satisfaction.  But all good things do pass in this world and we must also be equipped for the withdrawal experiences.  Eventually it may be possible to achieve a state in which we may experience the exhilaration of love without the attachment.  Deluca posits that some of our wisest prophets achieved a state of that kind and the essence of their teaching is to show others how to achieve a similar state of detachment.

As I have intimated to you previously, Christ even encouraged people to detach themselves from their own families, in order to follow him.  In Matthew, for example, Christ promises that he who gives up not just land and houses but also brothers sisters and parents in order to follow Christ will be rewarded a hundredfold and will be granted eternal life.  And in Luke:  If anyone comes to me and does not hate his wife, mother, children and even his own life cannot be my disciples.  In another passage, Christ apparently refuses to acknowledge his own mother and brothers, stretching out his arms to his disciples instead and declaring, Behold my mother and my brethren.  

It is an understatement to say that Joseph was shocked by what Father Seymour had just said.  Father, he said, I fully understand what you say about the rapport which has developed between us, so much so that I need not say another word about that.  However, I am not sure what to make of what you just said.  How do you reconcile this with the positions you have taken during our earlier conversations?  Nor do your personal views seem to accord with what I understand would be the teaching of the Church.  I admit it is incredibly refreshing for me to learn that even a man in your position -- an ordained priest --  does not feel he is bound to Church doctrine for all purposes.  But how? 

Father Seymour replied, Joseph, all I can say at this point is that I have found it necessarily to conceal from you certain of my true opinions on certain issues.  As a priest, I could be criticised, to put it mildly, for discussing unorthodox views with a parishioner.  And there are people outside the Church I must consult before I say too much on this topic.  However, as I say, I now feel we have reached a point where I am prepared, even compelled, to speak with you with more candour.  In fact, though, I do maintain the views I have expressed to date.  The stand behind the statements I have made, as far as they go.  I have simply refrained at times from mentioning certain points, such as those which I have disclosed to you today.  The reason why I can say that is that, though I admit it is not always easy, generally I feel able to reconcile my position on spiritual matters with my vocation as a Roman Catholic priest.

I have mentioned the name Gabriel Deluca to you a number of times.  If you are interested, I would like you to meet him so that he may explain to you some of his main tenets, along the lines of those I have hinted at during our discussions

Joseph said he would very much like to meet Deluca.   How would you like to accompany us on a weekend retreat which we are planning for the weekend after next?, asked the priest.  We are travelling to Huntsville by train and we will be spending the weekend at a cottage owned by the Carmelites.  There will be at least five of us there.

I would love to meet your colleagues and to obtain a better understanding of these things said Joseph.

Excellent.  I will contact you by phone to provide the travel details.  


A line is drawn in the sand.  It represents a limit on things yet, being in sand, it is itself highly mutable.  The definition itself may blow away, as dust in the wind, and render impossible the numbering of the grains on either side of the mark.  Take that grain of sand and claim it as your territory, your good earth.  Meditate on it often and look after it from On High. Nurture it as you would a second chance in the Garden of Eden, as you would a Paradise Regained  with the overlay that in this episode let it be unattached to the delusion of isolation, the trammels of language, and that rich and cunning language of serpents.  

Then let that spot disappear in your imagination so that self is not defined merely by that which may blow away in the cold west wind.  No longer will the battle be between self and otherness as then all otherness will be encompassed in your very subtle body and your very subtle mind.  Logos, without that baggage, will then sweep cleanly and freely and to you will come to mean everything, and liberty will no longer connote only an absence of rude economic governance.  And would you, then  seeing all and knowing -- mourn the spot of dust or fret over its metamorphasis in an instant?








Chapter 10:  Dialogue -- Diets of Milk and Solid Food

Just over a week later Joseph arrived at Union Station at the appointed time and there met Father Seymour and Gabriel Deluca.  Deluca was a dark-haired and olive-skinned man, about the same age as Father Seymour.  He was of a stocky build, sported a moustache, and go-tee beard and had a distinctive Roman nose.  His swarthy Italian heritage was apparent on his every feature, though he did not look at all like someone who had once been a priest; Joseph thought he looked more like a gangster than a priest!

It is pleasure to meet you, Joseph, said Deluca, I have heard much about you from Peter.

And do call me Peter, interjected Father Seymour.  Amongst Gabriel and the others, I do not stand on ceremony.

OK, Peter it is, said Joseph.  And I doubt that you, Gabriel, have heard as much from Peter about me as I have heard about you.

The threesome boarded their train, which departed on time.  It was a clear and warm day in May and the journey was pleasant.  The conversation was varied but often touched upon the matters which had been discussed between Joseph and the priest over the prior months.  At one point, it turned to the topic of religious doctrine as compared to the teachings of the prophets.

I have suggested, said Deluca, that orthodox religious teaching or doctrine may be viewed as an attempt to provide a summary or digest for an underlying, more profound understanding.  A purer form of comprehension, if I can describe it in those terms, suffers the disadvantage of being largely inaccessible to the general public most of the time, except perhaps during a period of severe emotional upheaval.  But it must be thoroughly understood that there is great danger in substituting established doctrine of religion for the real thing.  For the most part, I firmly believe that an institution like the Roman Catholic Church acts with the best of intentions, as do the proponents of other Christian churches and other faiths.  However, ironically and unfortunately -- and with all due respect to Peter -- the adherents of traditional religion may be even less likely to comprehend the message of the great prophets than those whose minds are not so encumbered with conventional thought.

Deluca continued.  Saint Paul referred to this in one of his letters, the one to the Hebrews I believe.  I often wonder whether, like his correspondents, Paul himself may himself have eventually succumbed to the same sort of condition he says his correspondents suffered from.  Be that as it may.  But in the letter I am thinking of Paul said something to this effect, that his people had become deaf and should have been in a position to teach others but instead needed a refresher course in the fundamentals about the truth.  He used an analogy of milk and solid food, saying that his correspondents still needed milk and were not ready for solid food.  He goes on to say that those nourished by milk alone remain ignorant of the truth in its purest iteration.  They are like children, he said, whereas those who have truly received the message are like mature and discriminating adults who can consume and digest solid food.  

I believe that much of what we describe as Church dogma, and for that matter religious ritual, is like Pauls milk.  It does not provide a complete diet.  Oh yes, to the novitiate it gives the appearance of being adequate.  In fact, though, the irony is that the diet of milk is actually no more than a distraction.  It is prone to disable an individual from achieving a full understanding which occurs when one aspires to, or happens upon, a greater level of comprehension.  There is no such thing as an absolute truth which stands like some monolith in time to be explored and conquered, which is what religious institutions tend to teach.  Rather what one ultimately achieves  when one is ready for the adult food --  is an understanding of something  which is ephemeral and fluid, like a cloud, constantly changing in time and space in terms of both place and form.  In fact, and here we delve further into the paradox of Pauls metaphor, perhaps the adjective solid is hardly apt at all, and neither is the notion that this diet is meant for adults rather than children.  Because the real truth is not at all solid, like the fixed and stubbornly entrenched doctrine which is typically used by traditional religion to describe divinity.  And, frankly, the intellectual digestive systems of the very young are more prone to understanding the truth than are those of educated adults.  For education, religious or otherwise, is inevitably a form of indoctrination, however well intentioned.  

This is also connected with another question which is of fundamental importance, namely the apparent conflict between the different religious traditions of the world.  Why do we have such a divergence between religions?  Which is the true religion?  So many of them purport to be the one and only true one.  This is a source of enormous cynicism.  The common sense response to the conflicting claims of pre-eminence is to think first that the various religious traditions cannot all be right and second. that they must therefore all be wrong;  hence we get atheism or agnosticism.  

My personal view is that, broadly speaking, the religions of the world depart from one another mainly when it comes to aspects of dogma or doctrine or ritual.  These are matters of culture and expression.  As rich and wonderful as these are, they all fall within Pauls concept of milk.  In the cases of all of the great world religions, and for that matter also many of the more esoteric ones, there is a much greater scope for consistency when one moves onto solid food.  I believe that the essence of each religion is encompassed primarily in the teachings of their wisest prophets.  If you could bring them together into a room, these prophets would entirely agree with one another in respect of their truly fundamental messages.  And, as shocking as it sounds, I believe that each one of them would thoroughly discard religious doctrine.  

Religious traditions vary in order to achieve maximum acceptance for the culture by which and for which they were designed.  There is a wonderful statement in the Koran which brings this point home.  In one place, Mohammed cautions that the Koran must be read only in Arabic.  I first saw those words in an English translation because at that time I do not know enough Arabic to read the Koran in Arabic. I was taken aback.  I wondered to myself whether there was not something wholly inappropriate in my reading an English translation of this great religious text when the text itself cautioned against doing such a thing.  And then I realised why it was that there are aspects of the Koran with which I was having difficulty.  It did not speak to me as directly as do, for example, the teachings of Christ as set out in the Christian New Testament.  Of course this is precisely because I did not comprehend the language or the cultural context in which the Koran was expressed.  I extrapolate from this that -- even though I now know moreI Arabic -- I cannot not fully comprehend because I do not possess the appropriate cultural background.  But there is an even more important point here.  The fact that each religious tradition speaks to a different cultural audience brings into question whether, to get it, one must get away entirely from the respective cultural contexts in order to fully reveal the kernel of understanding which the religious teaching is intended to convey.  So, paradoxically, what one arrives at is that indeed the atheist or, at least, the agnostic  literally a person who acknowledges that he is without knowledge on the point -- is in a better position to absorb the underlying message than those who have been converted to a particular religious persuasion.

If that is correct, and I know I am on the right track here, then one can see how foolish it is to attempt to impose ones religion on others or, worse still, to become hostile over the differences.  How utterly absurd it is that people engage in vicious acts of aggression and war over religious differences!  We should not kill one another over the differences but rather we should encourage a dialogue about what these wonderful traditions all have in common and we should positively celebrate the cultural differences.

Religious doctrine and ritual together comprise religious tradition and provide a context by which an individual is supposed to be able to come to an understanding of the essence of existence in the universe.  The ecumenical view is that each tradition comprises a separate pathway which, if followed, may lead to approximately the same destination as each other pathway.  In the sense that we have a vast array of cultural traditions in the world, then, the ecumenical view is that we are travelling from different locations and it should therefore come as no surprise that the roadmaps from those different locations are not identical with one another.  If you wish to travel from Los Angeles to Chicago, a roadmap showing the route from New York to Chicago will not be much use to you.  Equally, if you have been raised in a Muslim tradition, Christian Gospels will not seem as authentic to you as the Koran.  That is the ecumenical approach and it is laudable.  But, as I have intimated, the better way is to get rid of the map altogether.  For religious institutions, like maps, provide at most a poor copy of something else.  If you study your map while you travel you will be so badly distracted that you will miss the highlights of the journey and eventually you will inevitably experience a horrific accident.

Joseph responded as follows:  Gabriel, I understand fully what you are saying.  Over these past few months I have sought hard for God.  I looked in every direction and I have not been able to perceive Him.  He has been hidden from me.  I have felt intuitively that He exists and is watching my every step.  Over the same time, I have puzzled over why God would not step out from behind the veil and reveal Himself to me, explain everything to me and release me from my suffering.  If to think of God is to pray then I have prayed for dozens of hours during this time.    Yet all I had been able to see is the injustice of my position and of all human beings.   As Peter knows well, I had been very close to giving up the effort, so abandoned and alone did I feel.  

Now I am beginning to see my old views from an entirely different perspective.  If I turn them on their heads, my complaints against God lead me in the same direction which you are now taking me.  I can see a connection between what Peter has been advocating about your concept of the point of view of everything, -- about attachment, and about the suffering that can create -- and the distance which God appears to keep from us.  I am intrigued by what you have said about religious tradition and its connection with a journey to something like a universal wisdom.  It seems plain to me that religious doctrine represents not a reiteration of the essence of truth which is taught by the great prophets but a distortion of those teachings.  I sense that they are or at least can represent the greatest threat to self-discovery.  Still, I remain puzzled about the character of God and our relationship with God.  Am I then to accept that God is over there in some faraway inaccessible location and does right to shut out the suffering of living creatures everywhere?  Am I to think that I can avoid suffering by remaining detached from the world and others, as God apparently does?

And if there are ways to achieve spiritual wisdom, do they lead me any closer to God?  If so, how does that accord with what you have been saying about God as the detached Creator?

The idea that we are on some great journey into entirely uncharted territory is intriguing yet, at the same time, daunting.  It sounds like a mythical journey to the underworld which can be achieved only by the worthy few able to survive the ordeal.  If so, what does the individual have to do take up the challenge?   I like to think we need to feel the very presence of a God, rather than merely have some vague intuition that He exists.  If the way to the Divine entails overcoming enormous spiritual and intellectual obstacles, the Divine, being greater than I, is bound to succeed and I to fail.  The logic of it all is overwhelming.  I wonder whether it is even inconsistent.  As I have said in the past to Peter, it is as though we are set down in some huge labyrinth, an enormous complex maze in which nearly every path leads to frustration and destruction.  It seems that the ways out lie behind great opaque doors which may be opened only by those able to solve the most difficult of riddles involving highly subtle mental or spiritual machinations which are beyond the capabilities of ordinary mortals.  I feel like a rat caught in a giant cage or a child stuck for eternity in a terrible nightmare from which there is no escape and in which there are only pain, fear, and yearning.

 So I am still puzzled about some of the larger questions.  Even if I can accept that the way to a true spiritual comprehension of God is as you intimate, I am still left with the conclusion that when you get there what you perceive is a God not worth apprehending in the first place.  The concept remains too abstract and aloof.  It leaves me cold.  It terrifies me to think of a God as you describe Him.  I would not want to surrender to such a God or to worship Him.

Thus spoke Gabriel:  Reflect for a moment on what is being proposed.  Just stand back from everything and I think you will come to understand.   The way to spiritual awareness which I am advocating requires a shifting of your attention to things which are there right in front of you, but which you have been ignoring all this time.  

Wisdom is not always achieved by a mere wishing for it.  It sometimes takes discipline and sacrifice though, paradoxically, it is at the same time astonishingly simple and accessible to anyone.  You must learn how to perceive your surroundings in an entirely new way.  You must become a sort of miner for the essence of things.  From what appeared to you as an ordinary stone yesterday you will be able to extract something much more important and profound -- silver and gold -- the precious metals of true wisdom and spirituality.

Yes the process can seem complicated and difficult and it does entail an odd sort of tautology, a circular logic.  In order to be connected with the true essence of God you require a profound spiritual wisdom but the way to that spiritual wisdom is through God.  You must be prepared to surrender yourself absolutely to the divine essence.  Prayer and worship, or something akin to these things (for those are loaded words), are not necessary for Gods sake but for your own sake.    I see you have come a long way from where you must have been a few months ago, following an agonising loss, but I see you crashing up against a great wall of defiance which, candidly, I think you have constructed yourself.  The great irony is that the defiance itself is the very obstacle which you find so overwhelming.  Give up the resistance which you so obstinately erect and you will be in a position to open up the door!   I promise you that if you do that in earnest and absolutely without any reservation, suddenly you break the circle of logic which otherwise shuts you out.  Wisdom and God lead to one another.  The transformation will be like the alchemists elusive silver and gold emerging out of baser substances.

God does speak and can be heard.  He speaks in subtle ways, through dreams and instincts and things which arise out of the unconsciousness, like art and great music.  It is a matter of paying attention to what He says.  Dreams are not prophetic in the sense that they predict future events.  If you dream that you someone you know will die in a plane crash, there is no reason whatsoever for suspecting that the event will transpire, even though (by coincidence and the simple laws of large numbers) sometimes dreams do come true in this way.  But dreams and visions can nevertheless have meaning of a different kind, as you may see for yourself.

And art can be incredibly powerful.  In it can be hidden the face and the voice of God.  Take the music of Mozart or Verdi or Liszt or, if you like, Miles Davis.  Sometimes when I listen to such music as I sit or drive or walk it seems as though the world moves with the rhythm of the music.  It is as if the world were dancing or performing to the music or that the activities and scenes I see are set to the music.  Instead of being merely an incidental phenomenon within the context of an objective reality, the music defines and informs reality and time seems then to move more slowly than usual or to stop in its tracks, each instant becoming frozen, like a photograph or a series of them, enabling the hearer to peer at each moment as though it could last forever.     How is it that from an organised series of sounds, occurring in a predictable rhythm and according to prescribed rules and conventions concerning harmonics or (in some cases) dissonance, there can sometimes emerge such exquisite beauty?  When the hearer is in a sufficiently receptive frame of mind, he has no doubt whatever that what he hears is an intimation of immortality, the eternal and universal essence which is God.  The same is true of the visual arts.  When you stand in the Louvre  on a weekday in the middle of the winter when it is not so crowded -- at a time when you are able to give the imagination free reign and you gaze at a Van Gogh or a Picasso for long enough something happens.  What happens is that it gradually dawns on you that, however frivolous or however tragic the content of the painting may be, what you perceive is a moment of time captured and drawn out so that it becomes eternal and in a sense glorified.  What was ordinary and transient and insignificant becomes transformed into something extraordinary, timeless, and full of wonder.  The same can occur with a book or a film you connect with.    And eventually one can experience this process in day-to-day life without the overlay of art.  

The appreciation of all art, then, is one of the purest of educational tools.  At its best, art forms enable the individual to hone the mental skills needed to transform, even escape from, the ordinary routine of life and the accomplish that shifting of attention I mentioned.  It is highly unfortunate that, through the efforts of connoisseurs, so-called experts, and others, art has taken on connotations of elitism.  Hence we have pieces of visual art being traded as mere symbols of status and wealth, and we see opera or the works of Shakespeare being touted and accepted as the domain of the wealthy and therefore inaccessible to ordinary people for whom it was actually intended.  That is the opposite of what is should be.

Of course Gods presence is apparent in many other ways.  In an odd sort of way, God even instructs through suffering and misfortune.  It is not merely a question of suffering being character building, as we were told when we were in youth.  Rather, when it is severe enough, as you have discovered for yourself and as we see consistently in countless cases, suffering can wipe away all of a persons preconceptions about his life, the world, his values, his faith, his very world.  It can be an opportunity to begin life anew.  Out of the suffering can emerge an entirely reformed human being, the mythical phoenix rising out of the ashes.  And, while you pay a big price for the privilege, ultimately you may become a better and stronger individual than you ever were before the suffering.  This is so even though you do not always become a happier individual than you were before the suffering.

________________________________________________________________________

We are made wiser than the animals and the birds of the air.  On the brink of understanding we stand and wonder.  Yet we have eyes and will not see.  We have ears but will not hear.  We have minds but we will not think or understand.  We cry aloud, multiplying our words in ignorance.   God may not answer our complaint but He knows our case.  We die for our own obstinacy, for the death of the Son of Man is nothing to God, while the oppressed are exalted.  

Teach us then how to pray.  We cannot do it in the dark and from such a distance.  The words cannot be made which will penetrate the void and thus reach the heavens. No more than the light may burst the black firmament except in tiny packets which we may not grasp.  There lay the mind, obscured by dark and ominous clouds until God may see fit to sweep them away.

The wind is Gods breath, the tidal ebbing and flowing his thought, and the thunder his anger.  Revere the works of God, therefore, the works of He who commands the thunder, who shapes the blossom and who performs the daily works of life and death.  Do this though the words and the way remain obscure for another day.


God almighty, you know all things from the beginning of time to the ends of the earth.  Weigh the wind and measure each molecule of the sea.  Number the grains of sand in the desert.   Inform the rocks.  Teach me to make the rain fall and to construct pathways for thunderbolts.  The length and breadth of the light is kept secret.  Where is the wisdom of light hidden if not in the darkness of death?  

Split open the earth and let spew out the lava of destruction.  Let the earths hot blood pour down the mountainsides.  Let the oceans boil in it as in a witchs cauldron. 

Behold, says He from on high.  The eagle flies high above the clouds which, at night, hide the moon and the stars from sight.  It is merely an eclipse of matter which conceals the energy of light.  An adamantine form stands in the way and the stream cannot pour forth its cool refreshment.  Horror generates the knowledge for feeding wisdom.  So, then, lie with limbs outstretched.  Kiss the earth.  Worship a blade of grass and bathe in the soil.  So does the precipice give forth blossoms, so does the volcano gush fruit and so do the hidden things come to light.  By fearing Me you shall have sight and by knowing neither good nor evil you shall have wisdom.  

Chapter 11:  Dialogue  -- Language, Meaning and the Domicile of God 

you should say what you mean, the March Hare went on.
I do, Alice hastily replied; at least  at least I mean what I say  thats the same thing, you know.
Not the same thing a bit! said the Hatter.
Alice in Wonderland

The Carmelite retreat cottage was sublime.  It was situated on a lake just outside of Huntsville in the Muskoka area of Ontario.  The building itself was old but had been well renovated over the years so that it had the old charm and character combined with the clean and fresh finish of a new cottage with all its modern conveniences, including a very large and well equipped kitchen, an expansive wrap-around deck and spanking clean bathrooms.  Joseph wondered to himself how an order of priests could afford to maintain such a wonderful property.

There were altogether seven people at the cottage that weekend, all but Joseph were active in the Movement.  Besides Peter and Gabriel, the other four proponents of the Movement had attended the coffee shop meeting in Toronto.

The retreat was about relaxation, meditation and comradeship.  Joseph felt a little out of place at first but the others soon put him at ease.  The conversation was inclusive and Joseph soon felt comfortable discussing the most personal of topics, including the accident, his subsequent depression, and the state of his spiritual development.

One evening the group gathered around the fireplace in a large den overlooking the lake.  The group had spent the afternoon in quiet meditation lead by a woman who, after becoming frustrated with the position of the Catholic Church on the role of the woman, had been associated for years with a Buddhist organization in Toronto.   Following a simple evening meal of vegetarian food, the group gathered for a round-table discussion lead by Deluca.

Id like to start by mentioning a discussion I had on the train with Peter and Joseph on the way here, Gabriel began.  We spoke about the role of orthodox religion.  The main religious lexicon all of us have been nurtured on is the Christian lexicon, as pronounced by the Roman Church.  That lexicon creates the context in which we perceive the world and, as you know, I see it is the barrier which prevents us from seeing things as they are.  It is difficult for us to avoid beginning with Christianity and Roman Catholicism as our points of departure for further exploration, just as a traveller feels comfortable if he relies on established maps, travels well charted territory and follows a well known itinerary.  Yet perhaps a traveller who commences a journey whose steps are predetermined is doomed to make journey that is not worthwhile.  Instead of setting off with a map intending to travel along a particular road toward defined destinations, the true prophet throws away the map, all maps, and forges a new path in uncharted territory.

Joseph, I am going to let you in on something very personal and, for me at least, deeply profound.  The others here are familiar with this but, for you, Joseph, this is new.  You must promise me that you will never reveal to any other person what I am about to disclose to you.

Joseph promised that he would never do so.

When I was a relatively young man, continued Gabriel, I experienced a crisis of faith.  Eventually, I left the Church over it.  

Let me explain how my personal crisis evolved.  During the course of my training in theology, which came after a long  period of studying the physical sciences, I was exposed to the teachings of the worlds great religions. To the credit of the wholly ecumenical approach now taken at an institution like the Toronto Theological College in St Michaels, we had a close look at the religions of the world and studied original source material, sometimes in their original languages.  This work naturally gave rise to scepticism arising from the differences between religious traditions and highlighted the possibility that Christianity might not be the true religion or, for that matter, that none of the great religious traditions may be true.  

At that stage in my life, I had a life-changing experience.   It was a very hot and sticky summer evening.  I stood alone in a grove behind the students residence at St. Michaels College in which I and all of the other theology students were residing.  A figure I thought to be Christ appeared to me in my imagination.  He was, or seemed to be, standing there as he might have really been with his feet firmly planted on the ground, a man.  I could feel my heart thumping in my chest and my breathing became deeper and irregular.  I dont know what prompted me but I recall it vividly, as though it had happened 5 minutes ago.  I said to the figure, Can I walk into you and actually feel what it might really be like to be you? 

The answer came back so naturally:  Of courseWhat are you waiting for?  

In the odd state I was in, which was a sort of day dream, I felt myself walking into this figure which I could still see standing before me and, as I did, I immediately felt for an instant as if I comprehended my own mental limitations.  It was though I could feel and touch my own prejudices, weaknesses and foibles which comprised my mental construct of myself and my surroundings, extending to the whole universe.  The feeling was overwhelming, and more than just a little frightening.  As amazing as the experience was,   I knew I had to get out.  I forced myself out of the state I was in and I looked around and saw I was once again in the grove and that no other person was present.  

But I tried again and again, not that same night but on subsequent evenings, always in the same place, alone in the grove.  Nearly every time I attempted this I saw or imagined the figure.  As I got used to the sensations I was experiencing, one evening I asked: Is this how we can communicate with each other? The answer came as the most overwhelming sensation of rapport I had ever experienced. I felt cold outside and warm inside. I had goose bumps all over me, as though an unseen energy or electrical charge was passing wonderfully through me.  Though the figure did not say a word, I took its meaning: Yes.

Now this sensation of rapport with Christ or a Christ-like figure is something I can manifest quickly and easily.  I can extend the feeling to a feeling of unity with everything and anything around me. And its not just with the obvious - like people.   It now astonishes me.   There is so much around us which we do not normally pay attention to. That was became an important point which I began to explore both as a spiritual person and as a scientist.  What was I normally paying attention to and what was it that, when I shifted my attention to it, manifested this sensation of rapport? Under what conditions did it happen?

This new sense of rapport which I was able to experience had profound ramifications for my vocation.  Initially, I chose not to leave the Church, despite the potential for tension between the new way of thinking which my spiritual experiences invoked, and the teachings of the Church.  So profound was my experience that I felt intuitively that it was connected with something larger, going far beyond my own circumstances, my vocation, my Church and beyond Christ and Christianity itself.  I felt that the time may be soon ripe for a very radical religious reformation, something along the lines of the religious upheavals which have occurred throughout history.  Initially, however, I decided to attempt to remain within the Church in the hope of working toward a reform of the Church from within.  As you know, I did become an ordained priest.   

One reason why I was encouraged to remain with the Church is that I discovered  quite quickly -- that there are many people both inside and outside the Church who have either had experiences very similar to mine or are sympathetic to my views, or both.  

So, as I say, along with like minded people -- including all of those sitting in this room except you, Joseph -- I am convinced we are on the brink of a spiritual revolution.  When I say we are on the brink of it, I dont want to mislead you.  We are unsure of just how soon this may happen.  It may take a long time, decades or possibly even generations.  

May of our proponents, are priests  like Peter  who remain within the Church.  There are many hundreds of priests who are sympathetic but remain within the Church, patiently carrying out their vocational work in accordance with the dictates of the Church.  Many others have left the Church, as I have done, as a consequence of the perceived tension between their beliefs and the teaching of the Church.  In any event, both within and without the Church we have organised ourselves very loosely  and it is critical to us that our activities remain free of the sort of fetters which consistently afflict religious institutions -- and we refer to our collective initiative simply as the Movement.  Our influence already extends into the upper echelons of the Church hierarchy, though we represent only a tiny minority at that level.  We are waiting until the time is ripe to attempt a major shift in the direction in which the Church is moving.  I hasten to add that we are still hoping that the reformation will occur not only with the support of the Church but with the Church as one of the main bodies behind the Movement.  If our goals are accomplished in this way, therefore, it is hoped that they will be achieved in accordance with the Churchs own internal procedures.  If we are successful, then, the character of the Church itself will change profoundly.  The change will likely entail the merger of several of the worlds religions.  You will appreciate that, as I have said, the realisation of our aims is may not occur in the very near future, probably not within our lifetimes.  You will also understand that for the present the Movement operates in secret and you are one of the few laypeople who are aware of its existence.  Hence the need for secrecy.

Those who are involved in the Movement are properly described as mystics, being people who believes they have experienced a direct connection with God or the Divine.  Currently, the Church entertains mysticism only, if at all, as an activity within the church.  According to the Church, the mystic who refuses to submit to the Church must not be inspired by God.  We believe -- but the Church is not yet ready to accept -- that, even though Christ may be the principal prophet for Christians, God also acts directly through others including those outside the Church and those outside of Christianity.


I am convinced that these early experiences in the grove those summer evenings outside the residence at St Michaels represented my first true experience of God. And for the first time I understood the true meaning of the phrase: Be like Christ!  The experiences provided  an understanding of that expression which contrasted greatly with my previous interpretations. 

At first I found that it was very difficult to maintain this feeling of rapport, because one is compelled to focus on so many other things in the course of living in the real world. But gradually I began to integrate the two aspects.  For me this represented another critical stage in my personal evolution, a piece of the jigsaw to connect me to a source of truth.  In time I felt as though I could experience the special feeling of rapport with something bigger than myself and, at the same time, experience the mundane events of the daily round.  I thought of this as a more comprehensive mode of existing, at once embracing the whole range of experience, the trivial through to the sublime, from the atom to the Cosmos, the alpha and the omega.

It is all about focus, paying attention.  Startling new discoveries may be made by ordinary individuals if they would just pay attention to what is right in front of their very own eyes.  But it is not a passive discovery process.  The individual does not simply open his eyes finally and observe some objective reality in a way which he has been missing previously.  Rather it is a creative process by which the individual becomes aware of the fundamental connection between self and the universe or self and the divine.  

Your journey so far has been a little like mine.  The first step in the process is to discard, absolutely, the individuals preconceptions or prejudices about reality.  This is something you, Joseph, as a person who has experienced a profound personal trauma, may understand.

You infercorrectly, Joseph interjected.  Following my loss, I resolved to reject all of my beliefs, though not with any particular intention of rebuilding them.  I simply lost faith in absolutely everything including my own perceptions.

Deluca continued:  That is the starting point for many.  The idea here is to shake up the individuals model of the world and a firm resolution to start afresh is a way of achieving that.  In other words, forget your perception of reality just long enough to ask: What might the world feel like this way? What can you see that is different?  What can you hear which is different?

The trick, then, is to abandon utterly the known, the familiar, and the secure.  One must set off on a kind of psychological voyage to the open sea of the unknown in which the possibilities are infinite, described by Melville so wonderfully as the colourless all colour of atheism.

It may seem odd, in a discussion about God, to allude to a parallel in atheism.  That is nevertheless entirely apt, since the admonition is to abandon all pre-conceptions, especially preconceptions about God.  The whole process is a journey of sorts, by which we choose or are compelled to re-evaluate the premises upon which we view the world.  

But if what is proposed is a journey it must of course have a destination.  And what is that destination?  None other than the ability to connect with the Divine at will. The journey is available to anyone.  In fact, I conceive the possibility of prescribing a simple process by which anyone can connect with God, to obtain the physical and emotional experience of what it will be likeno, what it is like-- in heaven, without the mystery.  Peter, wouldnt that be something to deliver to your congregation on a Sunday morning?!

We begin with this concept of meaning.  We live in a world of meaning as conveyed, primarily, by language.  I do not advocate neglecting to educate our children but, in a real sense, we imprison our children in education. What I have discovered is that our language and how we apply meaning with it comprise the main obstacles to connecting with the Divine.

As you all know know, epistemology is a branch of philosophy which is the study of knowledge; how we perceive, what are the limits of our capacity to perceive and so on. Ontology, another branch of philosophy, is the study of the nature of existence itself.  Both of these have an important bearing on this discussion.  

From age to age, human beings have of necessity adopted varying and evolving hypotheses about the creation and existence of themselves and their surroundings.   There are, for example, countless mythical stories of Creation which grew up mainly in a religious context.  During their currency these myths were accepted not as fanciful tales but as truth.  Indeed to this day many Christians assert that the story of Creation as set out in Genesis is meant to be taken literally and to the exclusion of all other inconsistent possibilities.  This extends to excluding scientific observations which suggest a different genesis for our world and us, or at least a very different timetable.

As you  will remember, not so very long ago a primary component of the model as perceived by the Western world was Ptolemys geo-centric conception of the planetary system, with the earth at the centre of the solar system, not much concept of what is beyond that, and only four elements: earth, fire, air and water.  With the work of Galileo and Copernicus, we then adopted a helio-centric model and recognised that the earth was not after all the centre of the physical universe.  This had profound philosophical and religious ramifications.  

The current hypothesis about creation and the character of the universe gives us the theory of the Big Bang, gravity which somehow warps a continuum of space and time and Einsteins brilliant formulation, E=mc2, importing that (among other things) matter and energy are inter-changeable.  And of course the current model, which contains internal inconsistencies or paradoxes, is itself evolving almost weekly, with no particular end in sight.

These paradigms of thought may serve a useful purpose.  It is consoling to ascribe to man-made hypotheses about the origin and the operation of the universe.  However, the danger in them is that the character of these doctrines as mere hypothesis based on the best available information of the time becomes accepted as gospel, so to speak, pervading and circumscribing nearly every aspect of thought.  The result is that the individual is disabled from perceiving, let alone considering, models of the universe which do not accord with the established doctrine of the time.  

The Divine Comedy includes a graphic illustration of the dangers of adhering to and propagating rigid ideologies or paradigms of thought, particularly those lacking integrity.  The hypocrisy of the leaders of Dantes time was rewarded in his poem by placing those leaders, political, religious and commercial, in circles of Hell.  His intention was to expose particularly the religious leaders for attempting to control the masses by the improprieties of their doctrines.  In those circles of hell you find politicians and priests together.  Lies, greed and other vices are associated with the different areas of hell.  

For me, it is not surprising that Dante used Virgil as a guide. Virgil was a compatriot of Socrates and Plato.  All of these philosophers were trying to do the same thing: enable detachment from the conventional applications of meaning of their time in an attempt to uncover truth.

Joseph interposed: So you are saying that the way we ascribe meaning creates a natural barrier to our direct connection with the Divine.  I now know that what I was experiencing in my grief was the sensation of loss of meaning as a result of a life-threatening crisis.   I was expecting abandonment of meaning to throw me headlong into a dark bottomless abyss out of which there was no return. Your point is that, if I look, I will find that something else was there - is there  in the abyss and indeed all around us.   

Precisely.  And we are not speaking only of religious doctrines or theories about the creation of the world or its relative location in the solar system or in the universe.  Rather this also extends to the individuals perception of his own world.  Modern science has made some intriguing discoveries during the last century.  These include discoveries in the study of the origin, age and breadth of the universe, the relationship between matter and energy -- that they are interchangeable -- and the behaviour of sub-atomic particles --that they are affected by the intervention of the observer.  Some of these observations are difficult to place within the established model of the universe.  Indeed scientists are currently striving to conceive a unified theory capable of resolving inconsistencies between observations which have been made in these connected but discrete scientific fields.  The epistemological and ontological ramifications of these observations are extensive and profound.  

Modern science demonstrates that what we perceive as objective reality is not as it appears.  We must accept that what we see, or what we think we see, is not what we get.  In fact, as we have discussed, There is more in heaven and earth than our sciences can even dream of, let alone discover and understand.  There is a whole lot more out there than we can see and, conversely, what we see may not actually be out there at all.

For example, we perceive solid, liquid, gas - matter.  But what happens if we were to take into consideration the space in between all matter in whatever its form? After all, there seems to be more space in matter than matter. When all is said and done, there is a lot more space out there than there is matter.  

Let me explain.  In an environment like the earths, our surroundings are, comparatively speaking, virtually empty.  Physics tells us that the space within each atom of each molecule of matter on earth is enormous, relative to the volume of matter in the form of neutrons, protons and electrons within those same atoms.  In an environment like that existing in an immensely dense black hole, however, enormous amounts of matter are compacted into tiny spaces, thereby using up a good deal of the empty space which otherwise occurs within atoms in a different environment.  And yet, if the theory of the Big Bang is correct, at the earliest moment in the life of the universe, all matter and energy in the universe may have been compacted into a single point.  Compared to that environment, even a black hole must be more or less empty!

It seemed to me that maybe someone should be paying some attention to all of this. What could I sense there? Thats where I uncovered another fundamental point.  What we are able to sense, to feel, to perceive at all is based on probability and our ability to detect changes.  We are given the mere impression of physical nature. A very compelling impression, I acknowledge, but it is not true that what you see is what you get.  In fact, we are able to shake up our perceived sense of reality and recognise that what we see out there is not as it appears.  What we perceive is not actually what is.  

Perception is an active or a creative process.  The reason why the world appears to us the way it does has as much to do with our senses, our brains, and our neurological systems as it has to do with the external phenomena.  And the line of division between the two, that is between the apparatus we use to observe and external phenomena, is not clearly and neatly defined.  

In quantum mechanics, at the subatomic level, it is known that the act of observing can affect the phenomenon being observed.  This raises the question of whether in part what is being observed is observed because we perceive.  What if it were an active process? Might this even implying an intelligence -- though not as we currently define the word  behind or within the material world?  It also raises the question of whether there is something objectively there or not.  Some strains of Buddhism teach that the external world is entirely a projection of our minds.   At a certain point this may point to the divide between the physical world and the spiritual world.  The physical is a manifestation of the spiritual and it is a question of paying attention in such a way as to see what is right there in front of us all the time.

If observation is not a passive process, it is an active or creative process.  We experience our world through our five senses.  We interpret the varying degrees of continuous change.   We observe data through these senses and we apply the sensation of meaning to them.   Then we communicate them through verbal and non-verbal language. 

Our five senses pick up changes which we process through filters of belief systems, values, unconscious programs and more.  Like a graphic equaliser, these clarify, emphasise, distort, generalise or delete our experience of the world.  Consciousness is a limited domain in which an individual decides to place himself or herself and interact with his her model of the world.  It is the context which we keep forgetting. In fact, even when we do consider the context of consciousness, we assume and experience it through the same limitations of the process I have just mentioned.

The unconscious mind is not some magical, mysterious or made-up entity. It is quite simply that of which you are not consciously aware at any given moment.  There is more going on in the unconscious than in the conscious mind.  There may also be something beyond that: the super consciousness, this ether or space, so to speak, which resides between everything.  In this place there may be a feeling of in between.  You know yourself and you can sense others around you but then, what happens when we sense what might be in between?  I am not referring to the air but something else in between.  When you pay attention to this without preconceptions, something actually is there.

Another point that emerges is the self-evident fact that there are phenomena which we cannot perceive.  Even though this is a truism, it is easy to lose sight of this.  And there is no telling just how far it extends.  We know, for example, that there is a visible spectrum of light but that, going beyond the visible spectrum, there is the infra-red at one end of the spectrum and ultra-violet at the other.  Yet the possibility of an infinite variety of additional phenomena and data existing in objective reality and not being detected by us  not even using available scientific methods -- has to be recognised.  

We have built up something of a momentum by citing literary sources and I will carry on with that.  Literature, like the great religious sources, is full of wisdom.  In fact, hidden away in the best literature is a great deal of theological and philosophical wisdom and teaching and, conversely, the great religious texts are among the greatest works of literature.  

There is a wonderful and graphic illustration of these issues in Vonneguts Slaughterhouse-Five.  The Tralfamodorian guide is directing the crowd of Tralfamadorians to observe the earthling, Billy, in their zoo.  In order to give them an idea of how limited Billys perspective of the universe is, compared to theirs, the guide invites the crowd to imagine that they are peering across a desert at a range of mountains on a clear day.  They could see mountains, a bird, clouds or whatever they wished to focus upon.  But among them was this poor earthling whose head was encased in a steel sphere.  In the sphere is an eyehole enabling the earthling to see out.  Attached to the hole is a steel pipe six feet long!  If that were not enough, the poor earthling is strapped to a flatcar.  Metal bars prevent him from turning his head or touch anything.  So all Billy can see is a dot at the end of the pipe.  Billy did not know the circumstances so does not appreciate that there is more out there than he can see.  So, whatever he saw, he has no choice but to think he perceives the universe, whereas he is seeing but the most insignificant glimpse of it.

Of the numerous bits of information which are being detected at a given point, we are conscious of only a select few, whereas there are more data which may be perceived but remains at the unconscious level.    The expression select few is used advisedly, because the individual is capable of deciding consciously where to focus his attention.  

There are millions of bits of information which may be perceived by an individual at any given time.  The individual can process, that is pay attention to, just a handful of these at once.  Perhaps the threshold of genius is the ability to perceive more of these bits of information simultaneously.  Then again, this may also be the threshold of insanity, and thus the line between genius and insanity is blurred.

Also, any linear representation of information (which is the standard format for presenting it) may miss critical connections.  In contrast, because of the way our minds work, a graphic presentation may enable the exposition of the connections, associations and patterns.  An added benefit of the concept is that it draws a persons attention to where the gaps in the information are.  The observers attention is drawn to the process and structure rather than merely to the contents. New insights are found.  I dont know but this might even point to a new paradigm for education.  

There is a chicken and egg issue here.  We must accept that we are projecting as much as we are interpreting meaning, and suddenly something happens - we place ourselves at cause and not effect.  So we have more power and more choice than we thought possible.    

Can I just reflect for a moment on some of these points? Joseph interjected.  We have five senses which detect a limited selection of available data.  We have cognitive faculties which have a tendency to generalise, delete and distort the data.  At the same time, we can select which pieces of information we will pay attention to; we can decide where to place our focus.  This is one part of the creativity which comes into play in the perceptive process. But you take this concept yet one step further. If the individuals world is defined in large part by a creative process, the universe which we perceive as a people is defined by a similar creative process.  So, are you saying that, at least in some measure, the universe is as we as individuals or even as a race create it?  What a shocking notion! 

I do think there is something to be said for that conclusion, said Gabriel.  As at least some followers of Buddha now teach, the world as we perceive it today is what we, as a species, have manifested.  And it follows from this that if we as a species are able gradually to shed all negative minds, which are in any event delusional, the world may in time seem to all of us a very different place.  Buddha teaches that that very result is inevitable, though it may take ages and ages to accomplish it.

But lets not stop there.  We can take this further.  This goes to the very integrity of the human cognitive capabilities and of the generally accepted modes of thought for deducing truth.  You may have heard of the concept of non-Aristotelian thinking. This provides a technique for challenging conventional thought, that is, thought which uses established and accepted deductive reasoning processes.  The result is the detachment of conventional meaning  what it feels like to experience the absence of meaning.


During the 18th and 19th centuries, scientific thinking was based entirely on cause-effect relationships.  This was a whole new way of looking at the world, largely supplanting the earlier model based on superstition, religion, alchemy and mythical theories that explained the mysteries of the universe.   The new enlightened approach to science assumed that any phenomenon could be explained once one understood its underlying causes.
The strictly linear cause-effect approach began to unravel about a century ago when thinkers like Einstein postulated a more complex paradigm of thought.  Understanding the universe might involve a process more complicated than was thought during the scientific and industrial revolutions of the prior two centuries.  Think also of quantum mechanics, in which it is thought that the observer itself influences the phenomenon being observed, suggesting that a complicated and dynamic analysis is necessary in order to fully understand the universe.
Alfred Korzybski coined the term Aristotelean system to denote the relatively primitive system of the Enlightenment scientific revolution and contrasted that with the new paradigm that emerged in the 20th century.  His theories extended to the very architecture of language and he proposed to move away from the noun-dominated language approach to problem solving in favour of a system that is more complicated and dynamic.  His new approach to language would enable us to see the world as it truly is:  constantly changing and comprised of complex of interrelated phenomena that contribute to one another and highly completed ways.  
Most of us experience things as either being one thing or they are not.  I invite you to question that way of thinking.  Heres an example.  Think of the sentence, I feel sad when you leave.  Now, fully consider its meaning  what you are intending to communicate of the experience inside you. Now take that string of words - that application of meaning and notice that it can have the same effect each time you experience it. It is difficult to change your mind immediately about how you are feeling at this point, until something changes  maybe the context.  However, the meaning of any given event can be so firmly embedded that sometimes its as though there is a truth here for you that cannot be changed. 

Heres an exercise that can prove that its the perception that is at fault.   If you were to say: I do not feel sad when you leave, this manifests a different experience and it doesnt change the way you feel when you think about the first sentence. The same is true if you consider another type of opposite: I feel sad when you do not leave.  And finally, the same is true when you say: I do not feel sad when you do not leave, which, by the way is not the same as saying, I feel happy when you stay.

But what happens inside if, say, in the last example you fully consider the following: I do not not feel sad when you do not not leave?

Suddenly you draw a blank  which is intentional  not only that but now go back to the original sentence: I feel sad when you leave.  You would think that this is the same as the last not-not example  but as you consider it, you notice it isnt.  And by considering it in the not-not form, how have your feelings changed now from what they were?  
Of course, you dont have to go through all the opposites to question this particular belief, if you had it. To the statement, I feel sad when you leave you could cut right through and ask, How does my not not leaving make you not not sad? 

This question challenges the way you are connected with that meaning.  It releases the application of that meaning or at least enables that possibility.  The hearer starts to think what does it feel like to not not have the meaning? which is not the same as having the meaning. Not not is a very special application of meaning, a paradox in itself.  And non- Aristotelian thinking attempts to expose the traps we fall into when we rely on language in the course of perceiving, recording and describing our surroundings.




A more generalised and graphic way of putting this is to imagine a square divided into four quadrants. In one quadrant you would place A and B where A is the cause and B is the effect. In the other three quadrants you would place the alternatives: A and not B, Not A and B, and Not A and Not B.  This last quadrant allows the original cause and effect to be challenged and changed easily  in one action.


How fascinating, Joseph said.  So, whereas we proceed on the assumption that a thing must either be or not be or a statement must either be true or not true, there is the conceptual possibility that something neither is nor is not or that a statement is neither true nor untrue?    

Yes.  You are getting this, arent you?  And the concept is implicit in Mellvilles colourless, all-colour of atheism I mentioned earlier.  In that metaphor, atheism is denoted by the colour white.  The colour white at the same time both excludes colouras white is thought of as being the absence of colour--and embraces all of the colourssince it is made up of a combination of all of the primary colours.

The proposition also has a connection with another point made earlier, that many Christians hold that the story of Creation in the Book of Genesis is meant to be taken absolutely literally to the exclusion of all else, including science.   It is possible that non-Aristotelian thinking opens up the possibility of a co-existence on a larger plane between a literal reading of Genesis and the theory of the Big Bang, though for my part I am happy with the Big Bang. 

It is the context which we keep forgetting.  In fact we assume the context.  Our predisposition to applying conventional meaning to phenomena is driven by the limits of our own cognitive abilities.  Meaning is a way of orienting ourselves to our surroundings.  It is impossible to digest and connect all of the data comprising what we know as objective reality and so instead we provide a somewhat clumsy and artificial framework, which is the context, I referred to earlier.  This is the context we assume implicitly or unconsciously.  The framework or context is a poor substitute for a more comprehensive, thorough and dynamic means of perceiving truth.

As I said earlier, we experience our world by applying meaning through the senses.  We do at least three things with these data: we generalise, distort or delete experiences.  We do that because that is the nature of how we survive.  We are hard-wired to do nothing else.

Suddenly, if you take this to its extreme, you experience only because of your sense of meaning about something.  What we describe as culture shock occurs when a person has little or nothing in terms of a context by which to relate new perceptions.  If you have never been in India, for example, you might as well be on Mars for the sensation you will get when you first go there!

Joseph:  So you posit that the conventional cognitive paradigm which we apply provides a context within which to understand data?  It is a sort of short-hand for a more complete picture of the world, or a means of categorising data into neat and tidy boxes which, unfortunately, do not always accord well with the data themselves.  This process forces us to overlook important pieces of information and critical connections.  


Yes, exactly.  If we had to apply meaning to everything we did, we would not go very far.  We apply a set of sensations, using the unconscious mind.  We live intuitively.  Intuition is the process by which we physiologically manifest our experience.  

The way we manifest our experiences is by applying a series of anchors.  The more times you approach the wall and smack yourself into it, the more likely you are to seek an alternative.  We are driven by a feeling or a meaning.  We are lead to apply meaning to the process.   That is fine because that is the way we live.  

But sometimes those meanings become warped, as in phobias.  If you fell out of a tree when you were young you might learn how to experience a phobia of heights.  It doesnt matter how you apply meaning to the negative experience; the fact is you still do it in order to protect yourself should a similar situation arise in the future. Sometimes, however, the graphic equaliser settings are set way out of what might be considered appropriate for us to have choices in those experiences.  We know we can use techniques to reverse the whole process.  It doesn't make friends to challenge constantly and in the wrong settings (context) but you can challenge any belief using these techniques.  

We can unlearn our learnings, especially those which are inappropriate.  Most of us make the same mistake again and again.  The technique I am describing, known as Neuro-Linguistic Programming, says if it isnt working try something else -- anything else.

So what do we get if we manage to throw out conventional thinking comprised of ascribing meaning and assuming the context?  Contrasted with the conventional way of perceiving according to a prescribed paradigm is truly creative thinking and a truly revolutionary progress.  Thus great leaps forward are made as in, for example, mathematics when Hindu-Arabic numerals replaced Roman numerals.  

Einstein began to develop his theory of relativity by imagining himself travelling in a beam of light.  He asked the question, What would be happening to things around me and this lead to his theory of relativity, E=mc2.  

Similarly, when Nikola Tessla, an inventor, conceived his ideas, he would in his imagination superimpose his inventions into the real world around him before he ever put pen on paper.  The AC/DC transformer was one of his inventions created this way. He would first identify the outcome.  He knew that he wanted to achieve a specific outcome and made the assumption it was achievable.  He then considered how to get to the outcome.  Then, instead of trying to guess, or using trial and error, Tessla superimposed on to the real world the outcome, the machine.   His approach was to see it in as much detail as he could there on the table, or to imagine he had to describe the product.  He engineered the product in his mind.  He superimposed his imagination onto his perception of reality.  What did it look like?  What was missing?  Eventually he got to the point that this thing was humming and everything interconnected properly. Then he made his blueprint.  

But this is not the way we teach in school.  We dont teach children to be creative outside the arts.  I think they should be taught to be creative in all subjects.  

The notion of the paradox is closely connected with meaning and our need to import paradigms of thought.  A paradox arises when we encounter an issue which either surpasses the boundaries of current knowledge, or requires us to venture beyond the familiar territory of the accepted paradigm for our world.  It is a case of being forced to ponder that which we are either unwilling or incapable of contemplating in a thorough and satisfactory manner using the data and apparatus to hand.


A paradox is frequently just something that has not been worked out to the next level.  A paradox cannot exist without knowledge somewhere beyond.   The sensation of a paradox is the indicator that there is something beyond.   When you discover that which is beyond, the paradox disappears!  Ultimately all those things which appear puzzling will make sense because we do happen to live in a universe of causes and effects.

The paradox focuses the mind on how that paradox can exist.  For example, there is the question in physics: is light a particle or a wave?  We cannot help thinking that it cant be both but, according to quantum theory, it is.  So there must be an explanation that explains this.  

Hence come new discoveries -- about the character of the solar system, the universe, ourselves, matter and energy -- are discovered as the puzzles and paradoxes of the time are gradually resolved over time.  And the same process will likely unfold as the puzzles and paradoxes of our time are explained.  Thus, for example, a unified theory of physics may be developed to rationalise the current inconsistencies I mentioned between the observations of those studying the universe at the macro level (cosmologists) and those studying the universe at the micro level (quantum theorists).

The conversation moved along with an intriguing flow, of momentum.  Joseph felt excited yet, at the same time, very comfortable with it and it twigged in his imagination and memory ideas which he felt he was somehow already familiar.  Deluca carried on as follows:  The notion of the paradox is of course also at the root of age-old questions about time, space and causation.  I think of the age-old fundamental questions, If all things must have a beginning and a cause, what is the cause of all causes, the causa causens?  In other words, what came before and caused the Big Bang or, for that matter, God? and Is the universe infinite in size and, if it is, how can it be? and, If it is not, what is there beyond the edges of the universe?  Even as children we pondered these questions.  In that sense, they are childish questions.  At the same time, are they not also fundamental philosophical questions?  Modern science has gone some distance toward explaining some of these apparent anomalies but there is still a long way to go before we will have entirely satisfactory answers, and it would be arrogant of us to assume that we necessarily will ever arrive at them.  But one thing which is clear is that the anomalies do not arise because the universe itself is somehow flawed or breaks some fundamental laws of nature or being.  Rather of course it is our understanding of the universe, our very way of thinking -- and even our very means of perceiving and interpreting our surroundings, through our senses and our minds -- which are at fault.   

We are forced to use a defective cognitive process for accumulating data, incomplete data, and then we resort to language as a means of communicating our understanding to others.  This introduces a whole new opportunity among many for developing a distorted view of the universe.

This is the application of meaning through language.  Language distorts everything, although it is the best we can do at the cognitive level.  Carlyle writes, Speech is notthe art of concealing Thought; but of quite stifling and suspending Thought, so that there is none to conceal.  Speechis great but not the greatestSpeech is of Time, Silence is of eternity. 

We can take a leaf out of the way the Chinese and other Oriental languages have been created because of the symbols they use rather than linear language.  A symbol or sound may have an entire group of meanings as subset.  For example, the sound or symbol for brushing teeth might be worked up from a combination of components describing the act of moving a utensil across protrusions in ones mouth.  Adding together all the sub-components makes the word.  German does the same thing to a lesser extent. That way, new words are not created as often to bring to the fore a new meaning.  Old words are combined.
 
Both approaches have their benefits and their limitations. In defence of linear language for example, imagine two words, love and fear. What new word might come out if we attempted to combine these two meanings into a new one? The Chinese would just combine the two in some way whereas we would say we need a new word.

Language itself can change in a forward progression. Again, my admonition is to abandon meaning.  Imagine what it would be like to learn a new language, a different way to think about the same thing.  Our best teachers are infants. Infants have not yet started the process of the application of meaning.  In the words of Christ, according to Luke:  Unless you turn and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven.  Whoever humbles himself like this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven.

Here is a proposition for you, continued Gabriel.  There is an interesting connection between the theory of meaning we are discussing and the significance of the story of Adam and Eve in the Book of Genesis.

The Bible talks of Adam and Eve and the tree of knowledge. Obviously this is a metaphor. The tree of knowledge represents the application of meaning.  And so the connection with God was lost. Suddenly, humankind found itself in a new paradigm, where the ego believed that, in order to survive, it had to control and, in order to control, it had to name everything. The result is a detachment of everything that humans observed or experienced. The use, or abuse, of meaning creates our notion of good and the evil today. And, as we have discussed previously, this can be different for different perspectives and cultures, so it cannot be truth in any absolute sense.

All this is about what we pay attention to and how we apply meaning.   It is a bit like what happens when you look at the images in the popular Magic Eye series of books.  Some of the insights I am describing to you occurred to me during my time studying theology when I was doing just that.   One morning after one of my evenings of reflection outside in the grove, I was studying one of these images.  I saw a beautiful pattern on the plane of the page.  It was nice as it was.  But the object was to look beyond the page, at infinity and to refocus. 

It suddenly dawned on me that this was exactly what I was experiencing in my interaction with my physical surroundings, using distance and focus to bring into reality what I was feeling, seeing, hearing, smelling, tasting. Looking at that page, I remember my initial sense of frustration in not being able to see the image behind the pattern and how much effort seemed to be required. Of course, it was the effort I was putting in that was preventing me from seeing what was there  and was also the basis of my frustration.

As I abandoned the sensation of putting effort into the exercise, the picture took shape. All I had to do was change the way I was using the muscles that controlled distance and focus!  When the three-dimensional image appeared, it seemed so much more real than the two-dimensional pattern that was on the plane of the page.  I remember thinking: Was the three-dimensional image there even before I saw it?

Illusion is only illusion by reference to the context.  It is in between worlds, that is, between perception and the physical world.     Differentiation creates meaning.  The page in the Magic Eye book was physical but to see the full picture I, the observer, had to change the way I perceived the pattern and form.  A person can look for something further. We can only use the word illusion as compared to the physical world.  But the mind cant differentiate between reality and memory.  It can only differentiate based on other things.  Change creates experience.

Consider this.  What would it feel like if illusion was reality in the conventional sense and reality was illusion?  Language is a critical and delicate method of communicating but it can also be the tool we use to guide a persons attention.  We must take care of what we say, lest we miss something, as in the Magic Eye example.  The fact is that much of what we perceive and think is real is in fact the product of our own delusions.

Do you know, there are those who have brought into question the conventional way we think about how the mind functions?  You are probably familiar with Neils Bohr, the quantum mechanics physicist who studied under Einstein.  From him comes the concept that the human mind may not reside solely in the brain.  It is difficult for scientists to define the dividing line between the brain functions and other neurological functions.  We assume that the mind resides in the brain but that is not self-evident.

What this leads toward is the question of your very neurological makeup.  Where does mind end and body start?  It is not necessarily true that all memory resides in that sphere we call our head.  Memories live right across the nervous system and maybe beyond.  You hear stories of people who have had a blackout in memory because of a negative experience.  A person must either resolve or repress those negative experiences  it is how we survive.  Those who resolve these negative experiences sometimes report aches in certain parts of their bodies after the negative emotion or limiting experience is resolved.  Perhaps that is because that is where the memory was physically located.  This explains the link between western medicine and eastern.  Disease is a lack of ease.  This is the basis of how eastern medicine works.  The eastern world puts spirit on centre stage.  The west puts the body on centre stage.  Where they meet is what we are talking about here.  

Now lets come to the real point, the real reason for throwing out old paradigms of thought.  What is it that happens to the receptive mind which finds a way to stop assuming the context of everything?  The effect is a leap of faith into darkness, into the void of nothingness, to see what might be uncovered.  And I suggest to you that what is uncovered is, metaphorically, the face of God herself! 

Try something for me, he said pointing to the window in the room.  Begin by looking out of that window.  There you see the lake surrounded by trees in a dusky light.  Pick a point, say a leaf on the branch of that tree just outside the window and just stare at it.  When it feels comfortable, keep staring at the point, but start paying attention to and become aware of the surrounding area - keep your eyes on the point. As you do this, continue expanding the overall area that you are paying attention to and as you do, start losing a little focus on the point you are actually staring at. Gradually, you will begin to notice the overall movements, forms and patterns of the entire area you are paying attention to whilst the gaze is still in the direction of the point you chose. Finally, as you gradually work your way to being conscious of all that surrounds you without actually looking at it, pay attention to what you are feeling and sensing. Make no judgements about what you find and dont try to recall any previous experiences to make sense of what you are now experiencing. Consider what is different about what you perceive now. You will know by yourself what it is that you have connected to.  

Joseph did as he was asked.  He stared at one point on a faraway leaf and focussed on other things. Eventually it seemed as though everything became smoother and connected.  Oddly there seemed to be a lot more to see than before, as if just at that moment there happened to be more activity, such as movement of the leaves of trees, from the wind.  

By observing in this way, continued Deluca, we are joining or chunking together information and noticing what is new about the way the detailed information is being presented to us and so interpreted by us. New forms and new patterns can be observed. New insights can be manifested. New connections.  New cause-effect relationships.  These have always been there but do not get noticed.

Suddenly we become aware of things, observations, feelings and even information that we may (or may not) have experienced before but have not necessarily been able to articulate or consciously manifest and describe with any degree of consistency.   New insights will flow once a person is able to make this shift in perception.


There is an even more critical point to this exercise of paying attention to a wider field.  The point is to show that there is more there than what you are focussing on.  For me, I believe that that is where God is.  God is not just over there and over here but also in between.  This is not the same as saying God is everywhere.  By saying that God is everywhere, the only way to perceive what everywhere is to know what nowhere is.  But God is also nowhere.  And we can choose to manifest this.  

Not only is perception a creative process but, in the process, we can choose in effect to focus on God and God will be there!  The idea of God being everywhere but also nowhere recalls the paradoxical concept of not not and also the colourless all-colour metaphor for atheism.  We live in a relative world where everything is defined by reference to everything else, that is everything else which it is not.  Yet the Divine is not defined so restrictively.  It exists in absolute terms extending to that which is, that which is not and everything in between.  In the beginning, we read in the opening words of that great evangelical poet, John, there was the Word.  God, Love, Light, Energy, Good.  These are all different expressions of the same sea of energy flowing through the entire universe.  Ego is merely the lens focusing the light of spirit.

So, said Joseph, We seem to be looping back to that special feeling of rapport you mentioned earlier, a connection with everything and everyone.  A bit like Christs teaching that wherever two or more are gathered in my name, I am there.

Absolutely right, Joe.  You are I and I am you.  I am seeing the world through your eyes when we are in rapport -- as we are at this very moment.  There is then a spiritual or energetic conduit between us. I know you can feel it just as I do.  All of us in this room, right now, are gathered, in a sense, in Christs name, though you can as easily say that we are commemorating Mohammed, Abraham or Buddha.  In truth, we are the same spirit or essence yet different.  This is God. This is where God resides  everywhere, nowhere and in between.  It is the source of God.  Think of a time when you had a deep rapport with someone.  That is God, unity.  That is where the transformation is.

Sometimes I touch it; other times I imagine it and other times it is right there.  In the past, I, we, applied meaning which prevented the connection. The magic word is rapport. Rapport with God, People, Self, Love, Energy, Light.  Its always the same feeling when you get it. 

Its somewhat like the feeling you get at end of great and moving film. Unfortunately, we associate the feeling with the event and we belittle it by giving it that meaning. The process of not giving it that limited meaning lets a person understand where it is coming from. The reason you get the feeling is that you are identifying with something  you are like the other in some way and so the sensation of rapport begins  and you know when you have it  and you can create this sensation at will. 

The Bible says God created man in his own image. So ask yourself the question: What might it feel like to be like God (not be God)?  What might you notice?

I have the greatest faith in scientists, who will one day bring the new perceptions to us.  They will bring us closer to God.  When Einstein created the theory of relativity, he said we were just grabbing the tail of the lion.  The unified theory science now seeks is the concept of God.  Some scientists have the intuition for this. The truth is, its all coming full circle.  With the Enlightenment, and though science, humankind walked away from God.  But in doing so has walked full circle and will soon find herself staring directly into the face of God.

Though the means used are not very scientific, modern theologians make a fairly compelling case for the contention that some of the words ascribed to Christ in the Gospels were probably the result of subsequent editing.  What a let-down, when you first consider that.  But, for whatever reason, in all my doubts as to what was and was not actually said by Christ as presented in the Bible, the Lords Prayer, I suspect, was original or, in any event, resounds with significance. Teach us how to pray the disciples said.

We all have our own application of meaning of the words in that prayer.  I started to reconsider my meanings in light of these new experiences Id been having. The statement that was most poignant was: Thy Kingdom come.  How should we apply meaning to this?  You might say it means the Kingdom of Heaven is to come to earth.  Catholic teaching suggests that heaven is elsewhere and it goes through a process of arriving here. I now understand this not to be the case.    It just doesnt feel truthful.  

Thy Kingdom Come doesnt mean changing over there to over here.  Rather it is the individual shifting himself or herself.  It is about where you are paying attention.  Certain people  within the Church itself are to blame for making us take literal those sayings which are meant as metaphor and to take as metaphor those which are meant as literal. I hold this now to be self-evident in all religions without exception.

In that you can discover heaven on earth.  The individual can transform his perception and realise heaven on earth.  It entails a transition in the human mind.  This is our destiny, I believe, as Buddha taught.  I am not saying I can necessarily always accomplish this myself.  I am on a journey of my own but I feel confident that I have come to a threshold.  People in crisis discover there is something there which was always there but they did not realise was there.  They, we, were looking for God.  God is every single possible manifestation. Not just some.  The feeling you get when you connect to God is an overwhelming elation, an ecstasy, a sense of unconditional love.  To get there ask the question, what would it feel like to feel universal love?


How about this: Christ goes up this hill and transmutes. Hes seen in a vision with Moses and Isaiah.  He also walks on water and performs miracles.  He brings Lazarus back from the dead.  He changes water into wine. He even rises from the dead, though I no longer believe that was meant to be taken literally. We are told to be more like Christ yet it is blasphemous to consider that we may be able to manage some of these same miracles. Christ was the first to show the direction for the true human potential.  This is humankinds real destiny.  All institutions try to maintain iconic models within the physical nature of reality.  These institutions correctly focus on things like love but the meaning is wrong  in the way they give you the information.  We have many ways of describing love, just as the Inuit have many ways of describing snow.  This is to segment, break it down. Its OK to go down this route but we must also recognise that each is also part of the same wholeness.  We separate the two, into the physical and the spiritual.  To separate is to control.  This is the concept of evil and Satan, wrongly modelling the physical world.  Even that is OK, so long as your position of experience is correct, which is to say spiritual. 

As youd expect, I have spent a lot of time reading the Bible, both the Hebrew Bible and the New Testament.  I am of course deeply influenced by the original teachings of Christ.  Christ spoke in parables.  The disciples asked him why.  His answer was that seeing they do not see and hearing they do not understand.  The point is that, if you dont understand the message from the parables, you have the opportunity to revisit the truth some other time.  Whereas if you were told the truth directly and you didnt get it, it would ruin your chances of easily revisiting the truth at some future point - and this is a lost chance.  

Hypnotism, mesmerism, and meditation may be words to which we relate negatively but, in fact, they are all part of the same thing. (The exercises I alluded to earlier concerning focus are really simple exercises in meditation.)  Christ is protecting you from the possibility that you wont understand the truth and so never consider it again in your lifetime, whilst at the same time, he is communicating with your unconscious mind, which is the true power of metaphor and parable. 

Some of my views, those of the Movement, may appear shocking to you because they may be considered heretical.  For example, I say Christ cannot be the Son of God unless we too are the children of God.   And of these two alternatives -- that Christ is not the Son of God or that all of us are children of God -- I prefer the latter.  At the same I say these views accord entirely with the teachings of Christ himself as well as with the teachings of other enlightened spiritual figures.  

You can read the New Testament and read of miracles.  There is the transfiguration of Christ and the rest.  Christ genuinely understood how to manifest all of this and keep it there.  Because of the illusion of our own limitations, we have announced Him as the only Son of God.  But I and the proponents of the Movement disagree with this idea of Christ as the only Son of God.  That expression presupposes our limitations.  It is the application of a restrictive meaning.  He isnt just the Son of God; he is both God and Son.

That God so loved the world that he sent forth his Son, was to demonstrate the potential of each one of us.  This for me is just another metaphor.  Does that mean I suggest that the Resurrection did not happen?  No.   I suggest something perhaps even more heretical than that, namely that it is entirely unimportant whether Christ actually did or did not rise from the dead.  The important thing is that He is a great teacher and prophet who demonstrated that the eternal essence of things survives beyond our physical bodies and this world. 

I recognise that what I have conceived is a process.  As I have said, I do not want you to think that I have completed some journey on a path to enlightenment.   Rather I feel I am merely on the right path to this.  I am merely on the threshold of something.

We in the Movement are also sensitive to the fact that you could misconstrue our message as the ramblings of madmen.  We are conscious that we could be misunderstood.  What we emphasise is that there is a feeling and a completeness of being like Christ.  It is not being Christ as such but becoming of the same essence, adopting the same way of perceiving.  And anyone can do it.

The path toward enlightenment provides a profound sense of wellbeing.  Never have I experienced a greater sense of peace and happiness and joy than when I am thinking in the state of mind which I have tried to describe to you.  That state of mind is our entire purpose.    It is what we allude to as happiness.   Yet, again, by saying the word happiness, we are putting a limitation on it.  Even the word love is restrictive and inadequate.  We classify and then we put a tag on it: unconditional love.  Yet it is a state of being.  So it does flow. This is a model of what we know as being the potential.  This which we see is nothing compared to what else can be beyond.  There is a saying whatever you think you are, you can be more.


Lets talk a little about good and evil.  I will begin by quoting a passage from Paradise Lost:  

O Goodness infinite, goodness immense.
That all this good from evil shall produce,
And evil turn to good; more wonderful
Than that which be creation first brought forth
Light out of darkness!

Or consider Boethius Consolation of Philosophy.  Boethius argues that there is no such thing as evil.  He draws this conclusion by applying logic to a number of premises which we may now find a little difficult to swallow but his conclusion can be supported other ways and what you end up with is, as the teenaged boys now say, Its all good  and it is!

I have conceived a simple notion which I describe as seeing things from the point of view of everything.

Father Sey Peter, said Joseph, correcting himself, has mentioned this concept to me.  It is intriguing.

From the point of view of everything, continued Gabriel, good and evil do not exist as such.  On that plane, what is just is and there is no room for a moral code to define wrongdoing from right doing.


Suddenly you start to recognise where the manifestation of good and evil comes from.  It comes from denying the unity of things.  Evil is nothing other than a person recognising this and trying to use it for his own means.  Murder or theft is the act of moving away from the sense of unity through diversification.  It is perceiving the world with only me at the centre without recognising that each of us is the centre of the universe.  Humanitys way of trying to describe this concept is to define good and evil. But good and evil do not exist.  There is only God.  Evil is the misinterpretation of meaning and the inappropriate application of that meaning through language.  This is separation from God, denial, self-destruction.

This follows from my central premise that there is an essential and irresistible connection between self, objective reality and all of that which lies between, a paradoxical unity in diversity, for me a kind of Holy Trinity.  What we perceive as evil is either a failure to recognise the connection or a conscious denial of the connection.  It is something akin to the Greek concept of hubris, a proud arrogance.  It is a case of human beings perceiving that they are on their own, that what they see in terms of external reality is what they get, and that, as Genesis itself has taught the Judeo-Christian world, nature indeed all of Creation exists for the sole purpose of serving the needs and pleasures of the human race.  On this view we can survive without the existence, let alone the assistance, of any divine force.

The metaphor for Lucifer springs from the question: what it would be like if I could experience everything myself?  Before time began we were all part of one essence.  We used to come out and back from this state.  So we would momentarily experience our own feeling of individuality and then we would go back to God.  Then came what was the real original sin, if you like: Lucifer conceived the question can I be everything for myself without being part of everything?   

It is not that there was an angel called Lucifer.  Rather, there was an essence, which attained the original thought that I can stand on my own.  This is original sin, intentional separated self-consciousness, for which the metaphor of Lucifer stands.  

Hell is not a pit one goes into.  It is self-punishment based on the illusion that has been made manifest through the inappropriate application of meaning and believing the meaning to be true.

But dont misunderstand me.  I do not deny that certain human activities are harmful and I certainly do not suggest we should not have a moral code.  Clearly a proper moral code serves important social purposes.  But from the point of view of everything, the consequences of crime and tragedy are not as they appear.  Activities and events are perceived as evil or tragic but in the grand scheme of things that which is evil in fact may have another face which appears more like good.  And a tragedy might just as well be characterised as a blessing.

There is only inappropriateness, in varying degrees.   An extreme example might be the massacre of children as evil.  But even this interpretation can change if you change the context. If you take it on the basis of our values en masse, today, then the massacre is evil.  Now look at it as a spiritual being.  What new information comes to mind?  In the context of everything, how does this change?  

A response to this may be to suggest that, in the conventional Roman Catholic or Christian view, this event might be seen in the light that the murderer is punished in Hell and the children massacred go to Heaven and in the end justice is done.  But the view I am advocating of the greater scheme of things does not rely on the Sunday school concepts of Heaven and Hell to produce a moral universe.

If reality is eternal presence with God, one argument could be that the children chose their time. It was time for those children to move back into God.   Not Gods will but the will of God, the children, and all people related to the event whether directly or indirectly.


You characterisation of the massacre does have its parallel with the conventional Christian view, Joseph interjected.  The end result in both cases is that the little children are thought to be united with God in one way or another.  But the one depiction, of these children being in heaven with an aged and bearded figure, appears somehow trite whereas the other, a re-connection with divinity, seems much more poetic and compelling.  Perhaps the difference is that one method of applying the meaning belittles whereas as the other is powerful and rings true, at least for me.

And here we are now approaching a point which is near and dear to my heart, no to my very being.  This is because I am now beginning a new journey myself, and that is a direct consequence of the loss my wife and my infant child.  I am still grieving deeply from this terrible personal tragedy.  But at the same time I am now able to look beyond and acknowledge that Becky and Sophie may not have ceased to exist.  I have an intuition that, rather, they have been somehow transformed and elevated.  I remain hopeful that their passage represents a step in their own journeys.  

Joseph, I firmly believe that we are all on different journeys, moving at different paces, sometimes in different directions, each at his own appropriate level.  Imagine what might be if collectively the human race could only get to the point at which we all feel the connection with one another which I believe is possible.  In addition to the spiritual metamorphosis, the Movement seeks to achieve profound political and social change.  As I have intimated,  such a metamorphosis is not achievable in the foreseeable future, regrettably.  But it is achievable and one day, in tens,  or perhaps hundreds of years, I firmly believe it will be achieved.  In the meantime, such a state is something to be aspired to.  Since most of us are not much beyond the point of recognising this as an idea, I am the most stubborn of idealists.

Imagine if a whole nation of people felt this way.  I believe that was what Christ was pertaining to and other prophets.  What would be the result? Divisions would disappear.  What will be left?  Think of the impact on conflict. Where could it take us? Could it be as the Jehovahs Witnesses and others would have us believe? The kingdom of heaven on earth emanating from Earth?  The Jehovahs Witnesses have studied Bible closely. Like the Muslims and others, they understand the meaning of mankind walking away from God only to find God standing before them again. You might say that the Jehovah view of the world appears nave but in the end, its what we all aspire to. You only have to search inside to know whether thats true or not.  As Ive said, all religions are the facets on a multi-faceted jewel and God, you, me, us and everything else form part of the jewel. Each facet holds or at least may hold some truth, but none holds all of it.
 
The sciences have already begun to take that leap of faith, in math and physics, especially nuclear physics.  It is all tied.  

Gabriel, Joseph said.  You have suggested som amazing, beautiful and deeply inspiring things.  You have embarked on an ambitious mission.  You and others have set out to shake up the very basis upon which we perceive our universe and ourselves.  You offer me a prescription for tapping into a powerful source of insight, which will enable me and hopefully others to connect or re-connect with the Divine.  You have even invited me to acknowledge my own divinity.  

You message is compelling.  Yet in large part it emanates from your own intuitive sense and, if you are to be understood, I must maintain an open mind and, like you, rely in part on intuition.  It must not be possible to prove every statement which you have made,  even as it is not possible to prove the teachings of Christ himself.

And I do place your insights, your philosophy, if you like, alongside the teachings of a great teacher and prophet like Christ. The parallel is there.  Is it possible that your Movement will achieve a long overdue re-interpretation of the essential messages of the greatest of prophets, a reinterpretation which is better suited to and compelling for the modern audience, compared with anything else that now exists?  

If we proceed in an appropriate way, we hope to engage the world in a new way of getting back to the essence of what the greatest teachers have been trying to tell us.  We are hoping to do this in a way which embraces all of the religious traditions, when people are ready to accept the possibility that many different prophets, from Buddha to Abraham and Christ, to Mohammed, can be reconciled with one another.  And, you are right to say that what we are advocating does not in any sense amount to any sort of basis for proving the existence of God.  The basis for my position is to do not so much with faith as with instinct or intuition.  However, either way, it is a personal perspective and I cannot prove in a scientifically demonstrable manner that God actually exists.  The most I could achieve  and even this would be difficult  is to prove that if indeed God exists at all then the nature of God is much likely to be along the lines of the concept I have been describing.   He (or, if you prefer, She or It  for gender cannot possibly come into the analysis) is not going to be much like the popular concept of God currently  promulgated by the Judeo-Christian and other contemporary religious traditions.  

But you must remember, Joe, we do not for a moment claim to have some exclusive connection with the Divine or even to have unique insights.  There are and always have been many others, including but by no means limited to those in the Movement, who in different ways know the same truths I have spoken of or are on the verge of them.  The truth is right before your very eyes and my main point is simply to remind you of an understanding which all of us has, once had or, at very worst, is easily capable of grasping.

I can see that .  It is almost as though what you have been saying merely clarifies some concepts which already seemed vaguely familiar to me, as though I had already comprehended or considered them, intuitively or otherwise, at some point in the past.  In that sense you have been preaching to the choir.

There is an irony in the fact, continued Deluca, that either a person I talk to already does understand the message may fall entirely on deaf ears.  Though I am a proponent of the Movement, I remain very much a disciple of Christ.  Christ said to his disciples that if the message fell on deaf ears, they should shake the sand off their sandals and move on. 


I have just one more point to make, and it may seem shockingly heretical.  As I have said, contemporary scholars accept that many of the statements attributed to Christ in the gospels were probably inserted by the evangelists themselves, or during the period while the stories of Christ were being conveyed orally.  This view is advocated by an organisation called the Jesus Seminar.  The reasoning of the Jesus Seminar is flawed in that it is circular.  Their conclusions about what Christ said depend upon the groups own assumptions about Christs character.  In any event, according to these scholars, those statements which are most likely to have been uttered by Christ himself depict an exceptionally wise but humble man, which is pretty credible.  And he was a man who in many statement attributed to him did not purport to be divine, except to the extent that he insisted that we are all divine.  The proponents of the Jesus Seminar say it is not even likely that Christ intended to establish a new religion as such.  In chapter 5 of Matthew, for example, Christ says he is not come to destroy the law or the Hebrew prophets but rather to fulfill them and he admonishes his people to honour the commandments.

The Movement is not alone in developing ideas along the lines which we have discussed.  There are others.   Some of us are recognising this and each other.  When a certain threshold of such people in the world is achieved, then the world will change fundamentally.  I believe that a revolution, a peaceful revolution, is at hand.  It will be the Second Coming of Christ, in one sense.  In another, it will be the unifying theory of religion, bringing together the great religious traditions and peoples of the world, just as a unifying theory of physics may shortly bring together the greatest current scientific traditions.  

We must be vigilant to ensure that the Movement itself does not become subjected to the sort of indoctrination process which has led other religious traditions to become reduced to a defined and inflexible body of dogma and rigidly orthodox ritual.  Among the by-products of a new way of thinking we advocate is that that the individual can achieve a sense of personal well-being unlike that ever experienced in the past.  Furthermore, political and religious wrangling, which is the foundation of war, should be perceived for what it is, petty and puerile and unbecoming of a human race in touch with the truly divine.  There are profound ramifications extending into every aspect of existence.  

Ultimately our message is the age-old call to repent, translated into a modern context.  
When we repent, essentially what we are doing is paying attention to something new and different.  Although the call to repent may be the same thing we are doing now, its meaning has negative ramifications. Yet when you consider it in terms of paying attention to something else over here, the result is the same yet it feels more wholesome, complete and dignified.

What we are called on to repent from is not sin, in the conventional sense, but a repentance from original sin, in the way which I have described original sin.  Original sin is a separation from divinity, or an insistence upon existing alone without God.  It is a denial of our true divine nature and it compels a creation of the universe without a sense of wonder. We encourage every individual to embark on this journey  Keep open  eyes and ears and minds.  Awaken from a deep slumber.  Gaze into what Carlyle termed Infinitude itself.

The discussion carried on well into the wee hours of the morning and covered many topics.  The general tenor of Delucas views, reflected sporadically by contributions from the others, is faithfully recorded here.  The retreat was for Joseph one of the highlights of his life.  In addition to being exposed to the most inspiring and enlightened personality Joseph had ever encountered, Joseph got on famously with the remainder of the group.  He had never felt so comfortable with any group of people.  Even though most of the people at the cottage that weekend had been complete strangers to Joseph on the first day of the retreat, Joseph soon felt a warm and powerful rapport with every single one of them as they carried out their daily activities, including the routine things like eating and tidying up after meals as well as the exceptional things, like the animated discussions which were carried on and the meditation exercises in which they participated.


Live in the moment, Carpe Diem, carp the humanists.  The ministers and rabbis of faith would have it otherwise, looking ahead beyond this dress rehearsal to what may lie beyond it.  Yet in the elusive speck of time we call present are all the ingredients of heaven.  Look to it.  Seize it.  Own it.  

	William Blake, Albion Rose, 1796, British Museum

Chapter 12:  A Voice in the Wind

One night during the week following the retreat, after Sam and Maggie had gone to bed, Joseph reflected.   He knew he was on the brink of something new.  He had turned the page and he felt he had been let into a profound and incredibly important big secret. The retreat had refreshed him spiritually in a way which no other event in his life thus far had been able to do.  The words of Gabriel Deluca reverberated in his mind and the energy of the group was almost palpable and remained with him.  

Joseph stepped outside onto the back deck of the house.  There was a warm, if brisk, breeze.  It still felt like summer.  The sky was clear and he beheld the heavens.  High above him, light years away, the countless stars dotted the firmament.  The sky might have been a sort of ceiling, a great glassy surface on which were etched godly ornaments in the form of stars.  He tried to pick out individual stars but they resisted his gaze, each orb disappearing from sight as he tried to focus on it.  It was only as a whole, it seemed, that they were willing to be perceived.  Even the brightest and largest and closest stars were as tiny specks, mere pin pricks poked through a heavy black canopy and behind that unfettered light shining brightly and purely.   Yet in his imagination Joseph considered that some of those specks might be so large as to dwarf our entire solar system.  As he gazed at them, faintly throbbing and coy, he wondered what secrets they might conceal.  If only one could puncture the surface of that canopy, might not the mysteries of the universe be revealed in all their glory?   

The stars appearing the most faintly were so distant or so small that Joseph could not always be sure whether he was seeing or imagining them.  Unlike their giant neighbours, they were not so much specks of light as wisps, groupings of innumerable tiny globes creating mere hints of light against a black backdrop.  Encircling these, what planets might there be and what forms of life?  Upon the planets, possibly billions of creatures, some highly sophisticated, may live in countless independent pockets of civilisation growing at varying paces and stages of evolution.  Yet all that Joseph perceived or imagined, comprising perhaps hundreds upon thousands of stars, surely represented the most insignificant edge of the known universe and beyond that perhaps countless other universes. 

Yet, he thought, the canopy of the firmament perhaps may not be identified with God.  The sky is only Gods garment, protection against contamination between the sacred and the profane.  If only it could be made articulate!   Still, are there not clues, intimate and definite, cold, aloof and silent, that lay hidden in that garment?  No wonder then that God stands back from our actions and will not meddle and no wonder that sin harms not God but only other people or ourselves.  Sin is a matter of ethics, behaviour, and law.  These are entirely pragmatic things, having a mundane character, merely of this world.  They are necessary to maintain a semblance of peace and order among men and women and between nations of the world.  

Even so somehow Joseph still wished it were a simple matter of sin and judgement.  That paradigm, childish as it is, was much simpler to comprehend.  Under such a regime, Joseph could expect a judgemental God to condemn him if he had spoken untruly or acted unjustly or otherwise sinned, or to strike him down if he had become attached to worldly possessions, or become arrogant.  And failing those things, then might he hope for a kind of peace in a life everlasting.  As he beheld the heavens he felt intuitively that it was not so simple.  

As Joseph reflected on, he wished he could go back to the time before the accident.  Then God was not a problem for him.  It was so simple then when Joseph had walked in Gods clear light through darkness.  Everything seemed so innocent, pure and pleasurable.  The world glowed in Gods warmth and Joseph had not appreciated his own good fortune.  For him God had been the great protector, a security blanket he took with him everywhere.  How warm and comfortable he had felt then, enrapt in the complaisance, like a babe in swaddling clothes, a child in thick and soft cashmere. 

In the time before the accident, Joseph had been respected.  When he spoke people listened.  When he encountered a problem, he faced it head on and always seemed to find a solution.  He had abilities and energies enough to spare and with his surplus he was able help others with their problems.   He freely gave away time and money to charities, to the poor and to those otherwise less fortunate than himself.   His stature in society and his means grew as a result and fed his store of surplus so that the more he gave the more he was able to give.  What a wonderful spiral of growing and giving!

But all that had come to and end.  The blanket became blackened and withered.  

Joseph knew he had reached a point where he could learn again how to connect with something beyond himself, not merely to ruminate about God or rage against Him.  He had cried too heartily in the dark and so his prayers had not been heard.  He had been tossed about in the tempest and his voice was inaudible above the din of the high seas.  But he now knew he could start again from nothing and must choose a direction to take his first real steps.  

As he stood outside looking upwards at the stars, he prayed aloud, almost shouting, to the heavens that they might hold out a hand to guide a man to safety.  He sought light and imagined that each star represented a holy prophet or saint, each standing for the pure light of Buddha.  Though he now believed in the light he still saw darkness.  Continuing to speak aloud and addressing only the stars themselves, Joseph recited a variation of the Lords Prayers, slowly and deliberately, thinking of what he meant by each word as he pronounced it.  Let your will be done on earth he said, whatever that will may be.  As he spoke, tears welled to his eyes and began to flow down his cheeks and into his beard.

Josephs thoughts then turned to Sophie, in light of his most recent exchanges with Peter Seymour and the insights of Gabriel Deluca, and the experience of the retreat.  Consider the bond between parent and child, the unconditional love that we feel toward a child.  Why do we feel so?, he thought.  Is it because of the childs helplessness?  No.  That is what compels us to care for and nurture the child.  What creates the bond with the child must be the sense of innocencewithin us that connects with and identifies with the child's total innocence, especially in those formative years.  Throughout these years as the child develops,the child learns how to make sense of things, to learn, to apply meaning.  As an embryo, then infant, then toddler -- all pre-language -- the child is in a state which lackscognitive meaning  akin to the innocence...meaninglessness. . . referred to by Gabriel.

The loss of Sophie for Joseph was the loss of an innocent.  It must be the most profound of losses, the loss of one unconditionally loved, in circumstances whereno judgement had been applied.  At the same time, Joseph considered how he, too, had lost the connection with his old values.  His picture of reality had indeed been utterly shattered.  What he found in its place was the utter meaninglessness which Deluca had alluded to.

Joseph reflected on the pain he had experienced over the months since the loss of his wife and infant.  As he reflected on the pain he had experiencing, and stared at the eternal sky that night, he discovered something he was not expecting.  There was a vibration, a sort frequency, like that of an undulating wave.  His sense was that this was the physical flow of some form of divine love  God -- that he felt actually existed all around him and through him.  There he perceived it, experienced unconditionally in the same way that he had experienced his love for his infant child, Sophie.

Joseph knew he was experiencing an episode of what Gabriel Deluca had been attempting to describe to in words, indeed an episode a bit like the former priests own experience in the grove all those years ago.  Joseph had become a living example of Delucas notion of the divine.  By removing value, suspending his overriding sense of meaning, he could himself finally experience a completely new and different iteration of the divine.  It was an almost tangible connection, a rapport, with his surroundings, beginning with the earth below his feet and extending outwards not only to the trees but beyond those to the stars themselves.  

As he stood there he felt a presence, as though the dark sky and the stars dotting it were alive and had personality, volition, intellect.  

Suddenly the wind began to blow.  The strength of it grew and grew until it was almost overwhelming.  Joseph could see trees swaying and bending under the force of it and he felt he could almost be blown off his feet.  Unidentifiable bits of debris flew past him.  Anxious birds whizzed past overhead.  The sound of the gusts of wind in the branches of the trees and telegraph wires developed into an intermittent high-pitched screeching howl.  This went on for several minutes.  Joseph was startled but not frightened by it.  Then, very gradually the wind began to lessen and became a brisk but gentle night breeze.  And, in his imagination, Joseph heard a voice emerging out of the wind.  Later he could distinctly remember each of the words the voice spoke, as though they were each individually etched somewhere in the recesses of his mind as each word was uttered  :


In the beginning, I created the heavens and the earth.  The earth was a formless wasteland and the darkness covered the abyss, while a mighty wind swept over the water long before the Son of Man walked the earth.

I laid down the foundation for matter and energy, pronounced the laws of physics, set the heavenly bodies in motion, cast light on the day and said Let there be Time .  At that moment, a chorus of the morning stars broke out in glorious harmony, establishing the music of the spheres which sounds for eternity throughout the ether.  Let the Son of Man who has ears then hear and shout again, yea and sing, in joyful voice!  Do not croak your hallelujahs as though they were the funeral dirge! 

The limits of perception are as prescribed.  Do not for an instant forego the search but understand that it is in the very act of perceiving that the infinity of possibilities becomes stuck in time and place for you.  Still, there is as much beauty in the uncertainty as there is in the knowing.  When physical rules seem to be strained and bent, old laws will be dashed and broken only to reveal a greater reality, even more glorious than that which came before. 

Go forth to the ends of the earth.  Observe the rising of the sun.  It bathes you in its warmth and blasts shadows.  Still would you mourn the dying of the day!  The Son of Man shuts down the light for his own purposes and the wicked and ignorant prevail.

Walk on the water; I insist upon it!  There is no more show in circus acts to serve as laws of physics.  Why a newborn babe could teach such tricks!   Look to the edge of the universe and see there reflected your own image.  Light and darkness live there and define the limits of each.  Yet you command them, preceded them, and delivered them from the womb of eternity.  

Tell me, who created the rain?  It is in your reach to do it for you are the husband of the dawn.  The heavens are tinged with a stain like a garment and pride cannot see the light of day, though it emerges as if from a womb as your own progeny.

It is a great battle with sword and knight that emerges distinctly from the void.  The iteration of multiplied matter is untold energy, glittering and shimmering in the warmth of sunlight; embracing all colours, it renders a colourless splendour within each morsel of light.  When it moves watch the miracle of metamorphosis from one to the other in a fantastic rhythm of time, a synthesis of the tangible and the untouchable, the substance and the sin.  Beating syncopation from one foot to the other, the march goes on and on for eternity on the inside of each moment.  There is your everlasting Now you pine for so endlessly, when you turn your mind to frolic.  There is your fountain of youth, your elixir of life, and your journey to the underworld and back within the flicker of a candles flame.  There is life everlasting life, the Kingdom of Heaven and your nostalgia for those who have gone before you.  


This is the way to pray:  not with the dull recitation of worn out words -- words that make the faithful sleep -- but with the fervour, nay the fury, of youth!  Toss the hymnal and make room for the sound of the trumpet that speaks the language of God.  Throw out your mildewed pews and rather celebrate the speck of light which adorns the morning.  Use the sounds and words emergin from the depth of your soul and not the tune stuck in the foul dusts of time.

You are the hunter and joy is your prey.  Seek it, encircle it, grasp it in your teeth and devour it.  In the Kingdom of Heaven it will not feel any pain or shed blood or a tear.  Fly to the edge of the cliff and mark the boundary between the earth and sky, for there is the marriage bed from which the cycle of life begins anew in a godly copulation commemorating nature.

The joy of it is as a puppy  that leaps and jumps with a love of life in the moment.  Exult in this.  Do not fear death or danger.  Rather face the darkness with your own inner light connecting you with all the other warriors of light.  You are born of the stars and extract their secrets whenever cowardice does not blot the battle.  Fervour and youth produce their own bright universe of matter and energy in time, and in vivid colour.  They are daily dying to live where the others live to die.  They rush out into the night, to see the dawn implied and promised by the night.  

Deep and dark secrets lie out of reach in the depth of oceans, where there lurk fearful sea monsters that threaten and lure.  They propose death and seek emergence to try the daylight.  Will  you harness the Leviathan and  thus deplete the source of life? It is that which cuts off the sunlight in an instant,  disables whole thinking,  prevents a conception of a pure truth and tunes out the notes of harmony otherwise within your earshot but now sound as mere unintelligible whispers.  This is not a thing for marketing and selling in exchange for fools gold, cut up into bits of commercial pieces that satisfy a moment and make rich men paupers in spirit.  The greatness of it is too high for any of that.

Deride the Leviathan and you only invite disease and early death.  For the beast of the sea revolts, endures and grows in strength, even as you snag it with a fishhook.  It seethes and tears and will not be broken though it gives appearance of relenting.  Then will it destroy in quiet stages of contamination, bit by bit putrefying the healthy tumour of life and growth.

There is no shame in the animal which at the urging of life recreates joyfully.  The power of it is a thing to behold, the wet circle of life grasping the pin of procreation, throbbing and loving and converting isolation into wholeness and diversity into unity.  Why do you stand in judgement at the very moment of Creation when matter was conceived in the womb of eternity?  In it is the genetic material that has directed the living cell into complex forms which can eat, lust and reflect.  There it lies resting at the oasis for the abandonment of present impulses in favour of the sophisticated and the peaceful.  And do not condemn the one who evolves to such a point that she no longer seeks the lusting for unification of opposites.  May it not be prescribed by evolution that that yearning is merely a step beyond the needs of your time?  Allow for it, therefore; make room and do not cringe and cry at it, or spurn it.

Take comfort, then, that you emerge from the dust and the ashes.  Let the force of the north wind blow until it howls in clear tones of infinite splendour.   Surrender to it and be saved from everlasting fire of death.  Do not count empty molecules as the measure of your journey for in that is or seems a fixed number and a fixed direction.  Rather listen to, hear, and be swept away by the voice of the ever-changing wind.  Nothing is impossible.  No destination is out of reach.  No word is unspeakable.  No God is invisible or inaudible.  The design is set and the Word is revealed, shedding its pure light into the void of the dark.

Afterwards, as he came to himself, in a cold sweat, Joseph pondered the experience he had just had.  His body trembled.  That night and that experience represented a critical and irrevocable turning point for him.  Though it had appeared so different to him just a matter of months ago, he was not condemned at all.  He was destined to live and to live forever.  And, flowing from the discussions he had had with Peter Seymour and the retreat in Muskoka, he was grateful that his experience had enabled a renewal of his understanding of the universe and his place in it.  It was like new covenant for him, a new deal in which everything fitted together perfectly and wonderfully in a way which he felt he could fully comprehend.  And he had a new understanding of the Divine, not connected with the God he had once believed in but an entirely new and compelling conception.  This was a God with whom he could make peace, one against whom he no longer felt the urge to rage.  Joseph felt strangely vindicated, as though a prayer had finally been answered, so fully and satisfactorily that, at that moment, he felt as though he would never again require an answer to a prayer.  Indeed he would never have to pray again.  

