

 John Jarvis 2011
ISBN 9781301552337
All rights reserved apart from fair dealing for the purpose of private study, research criticism or review as permitted under the Copyright Act 1994. No part may be reproduced by any process without permission.
This book is a work of fiction based on an idea from Barbara Stedman. The author has created all characters apart from major historical figures.
Preliminary evaluation by Adrian Armstrong and his Saint Patricks College Silverstream Year Twelve English Class.

John Jarvis
Copyright 2012 by John Jarvis
Smashwords Edition
Proofreading by
An Eye for Detail
Wellington NZ
Book preparation by
Mondo
Greytown NZ
Young Richard Digby is rescued from a harsh Yorkshire boarding school by a friend of his father, who is a sea captain and always absent.
He is signed on to Subtile as an oddsbody on a pre-Captain Cook voyage to find the Great Southern Continent.
He encounters Burmese pirates, a marooning in what was to become New Zealand, and is rescued by an American whaling ship.
He becomes involved with first the British in their post-Seven Years War against French activists, then takes command of his first ship trading between the Colonies and England.
He falls in love, incurs the wrath of her father and pursues his love to Italy.
Returning to a continent at war, he is commissioned in the new Continental Navy and employs tactics that are both successful and controversial.
Young Dick is a ripping good yarn.
John Jarvis retired from the martial arts in 1988 after twenty-five years of practice. He was Australasias most qualified teacher holding 16 black belts in five different disciplines and one of the few men to achieve the 100-man fight. He began his studies in London, lived in Japan for a year in 1967 and has made five return visits the last in 1989.
He has had a parallel career in secondary school teaching, specialising in physical education and religious studies.
He is a former consultant editor to International Martial Arts and a contributing editor to South Pacific Martial Arts. His autobiography is Kurosaki Killed the Cat.
John is retired and lives on his yacht Gulliver in Wellington, New Zealand.
Also by John Jarvis
Kurosaki Killed the Cat
Zakari
East of Hydapses
Valley Low
Scipios Shadow
Childrens book
The Adventures of Zig and Zog
Dedicated to
ZAC
PROLOGUE
It had all begun with the sudden death of his mother while his father was captaining a merchant ship overseas. His father was not expected back for over a year. He remembered his mother as a loving caring person who had lavished affection and attention on him. Her death was not explained to him; one moment she was cuddling him and teaching him to write, the next he was shivering and crying beside a waterlogged grave as his mother was lowered and the deacon intoning words that sounded meaningless to a seven year old. An uncle took him away from home the next day. He would never see it again. A new detail; his uncle had not locked the door behind them. His uncle Silas believed in the sanctity of the work ethic and spent most of his time slaving in a ships chandlery while his aunt Elizabeth prayed constantly, sometimes to the annoyance of the local vicar. Both hated children; they made noises, smelled and worst of all, cost money. They suffered all this in the hope that God would reward them and more importantly, return Captain Digby to England  the sooner the better. In the case of the latter their patience would be sorely tested; ships were often away for two years or more trading locally before returning with a premium cargo. Richard gained some concessions from his aunt by asking to learn how to read the Bible; his goal had been to learn to read. He was rewarded with better food and had the opportunity to filch extra from the food stalls Elizabeth was always organizing to help feed the poor and the abandoned. It never occurred to her that her nephew was in that category. Richard had survived almost three years by teaching himself from books he concealed within the large family Bible and asking endless questions about everything of anyone who would listen. Finally, money had arrived from his father to enter him as a boarder at Saint Judes School for young gentlemen. Life for Richard was about to become more miserable.
There was no extra money for a coach to Saint Judes some fifty miles to the north so a kindly farmer delivering produce took Richard to York. He walked the rest of the way. Before he left Aunt Elizabeth gave him a tatty copy of the New Testament and Uncle Silas a well-worn sailors kit bag whose owner had long gone to Davie Jones locker. They had both smiled for the first time, happy to be relieved of their family duty. A new detail: they had not waved goodbye. Richard recalled his first view of Saint Judes situated on the wrong side of the moors. It looked bleak and abandoned like its resident pupils, and the prevailing winds had blasted away any futile attempt to grow flora. He was admitted and sent straight to the dormitory where the older boys laughed at his old fashioned and tattered clothes. In later life, Richard never recalled his time at Saint Judes; it was too painful apart from one event of which he was extraordinarily proud. After a year of bullying by the senior students and the disgusting fagging where he had to clean toilets, polish shoes and run and fetch, he devised a diabolical plan. Every Sunday after Church service he had to clean the pots and pans in the kitchen after the only meal of the week that contained some form of meat. He had heard that the following Sunday the cook would bake a huge chocolate cake for the head prefect and his cronies. The cook had been paid extra and the chocolate sent up from London. The next Saturday Richard had reported sick at the infirmary, he said he had constipation, a common malady amongst the boys. Matron promptly prescribed an evil laxative that clung to the side of the stone bottle. Richard did not take it and waited for Matron to turn her back before emptying the draught into a smaller bottle and topping it up from the stone one. He was cuffed away to await results. On the Sunday Richard seized the opportunity to empty the bottle into the cake mix while the cook washed her hands. The cake was then consigned to the oven while the cook prepared the icing. Richard finished his chores and was dismissed. Early in the evening Richard heard the prefects party; they had obviously smuggled in hard liquor. Late in the evening when everyone had gone to sleep, Richard stayed awake; he did not have long to wait. Several of the seniors crashed open their upstairs dormitory door and tried to reach the outdoor lavatories. Most did not make it and squirted liquid shite over their long underwear, the stairs and each other. There had been no time to light lamps, so more seniors staggered out of bed and into mire. The few who did make it to the lavatories found that after venting there were no buckets and sponges available to clean their aching bums; they had been all cleaned and neatly stacked by the water pump for distribution the next morning. That night Richard had smiled himself to sleep.
Richard started as the dormitory door opened. Strangely, it did not slam open as usual. In the doorway stood not the head prefect but the Rectors assistant.
Richard Digby, pack your clothes and come with me to the Rectors office!
It took Richard all of a minute to pack and then follow the assistant downstairs to the rectors office. He never said anything to his roommates and he never looked back. The Rector should have been completely bald; it would have been better than the isolated tufts of white hair that sprouted around his scalp. Folds of fat hung over his not-so-white collar and almost reached his black frock coat. However, Richard was not looking at the Rector but at a large man who leapt to his feet and then steady himself, as if unused to a stable floor.
Richard young man, your father asked me to secure his son, not a skeleton. He had the rich burr of a southern Scott and gave the Rector a hard look.
Times are hard, wheezed the rector, And we have had to make savings.
It is a pity your austerity has not extended to yourself! thundered the man as the Rector shrank back into his chair. You may call me Jamie until we are on board. Come, let us push off from this pathetic place.
He gave Richard a hug and pushed through the door, slamming it so hard that a hinge fell off. A two seat coach waited outside with its lamps lit and driver ready. Richard was bundled inside and as the two horses clopped down the drive he had yet to say a word. There was enough light for the driver to see the road and after two hours they stopped at a coach station with attached accommodation. A room had been booked, but it had only one large bed. Jamie gave Richard an understanding look. Leave your clothes on laddie and dina worry, you are safe with me. It took Richard ages to get to sleep, unused for so long to a warm bed.
The mornings breakfast filled Richard with more protein than he had consumed in a month: fried eggs, thick slices of ham, sausages and thick newly baked bread smothered in butter.
Need some more luv, you poor scrawny thing? invited the landlady. Richard shook his head; he was afraid to speak in case his small tight tummy overflowed. On the post coach to London Jamie gave Richard his instructions.
I am a man of few words, laddie, and have used far too many to date; ask no questions and enjoy the scenery. Jamie pulled down his tricorn hat and fell asleep despite the coachs bumps and sways. The only other passengers, a prim looking middle-aged couple, nodded approval and tried to read their books. Richard watched the severe northern landscape give way to a more condescending farmland supporting sheep, a few pigs and on the next day, lush pastures supporting villages and towns flowed past the window. The most dangerous part of a coach ride is the starting off and stopping; this is where most accidents occur, and the coach now had to slow down and stop frequently to pick up his Majestys mail and new passengers. Even Jamie stayed awake and took stock of his surroundings, noting their progress towards the Thames. They exchanged the coach for a cabbie and banged over the cobbles until they reached Tilbury. There by the docks was an inn called The Safe Anchorage; this was to be Richards home for the next month. Jamie settled him in, paid the bill and left a few florins for new seamans clothing.
CHAPTER ONE
It is official then, said a fair-haired burly man with a florid complexion. He looked around the private room of an exclusive London club at his five companions. All of them were well off and this was reflected in their expensive clothes tailored in the latest fashion. All of them had business interests, were well connected  and all of them wished to remain anonymous.
Our new young king has issued a proclamation; it is plain he wishes to be regarded as a patron of the sciences. A naval ship will sail to the mid Pacific to observe the transit of Venus despite the Treasury being depleted by a war lasting seven years, said one.
How is the Navy responding to this; is it with alacrity or dogged resistance? asked another.
With much haste I believe, given the prospect of many officers facing a life on shore and on half pay, said a third.
My source within the Admiralty indicates they have begun a search for a suitable vessel outside the Navy; something robust but easily handled, said the fifth man. There was a long silence.
If we go ahead with our venture, do we have a ship, keeping in mind we will have to sail at least six months before the Navy? asked someone.
We have a ship, said the fair-haired man, consulting several documents. The ex French frigate Subtile built by Jacques Poirier at Le Havre in 1740, 20 six pounder guns and captured by the Royal Navy in 1746. She suffered moderate to heavy hull damage but no damage to masts and rigging. The Navy will not repair it given the war is over and she can be secured for far less than replacement costs, even allowing for the hull repairs and shipyards are crying out for work.
Will the price include her ordnance?
Her ordnance has been removed apart from the bow chaser and swivel guns, but four of her six pounders can be obtained for a private cash offer, said the fair-haired man, smiling.
The less said about that the better, said one of the group, but will four cannon be sufficient?
It will have to be sufficient, we cant afford to have gun crews holystoning decks for months on end waiting for an engagement that may never take place; no we must rely on the boats speed and maneuverability I assure you, replied the fair-haired man.
The French have always launched superior ships; it is a pity the Lords at the Admiralty cannot come to terms with that fact, said one. Another long silence followed.
We are agreed then? asked the fair-haired man.
We are agreed, replied the others.
CHAPTER TWO
Where is young Richard Digby? roared Jamie, pretending to look around the room.
It is I, Jamie, Sir, let me assure you, replied Richard.
Nay laddie, Richard is a scrawny bundle of bones weighing forty pounds wringing wet; the lad I see before me is a well developed young man  wait, is that a pimple I see upon your chin? Jamie looked closer. Richard blushed as blood raced to his face and he prayed Jamie would avoid asking any other personal questions. He was well aware of his body changes like pubic hair and changes to his voice.
They have looked after me here extraordinary well, said Richard to a beaming land-lady.
I can see that lad, let me have a look at you. Jamie appraised his charge; what a difference several months had made. Richard had not only gained in height but had filled out as well. His legs had well-formed calf muscles that had tanned in the summer sun and his shoulders now extended out well beyond his torso. His skin had cleared and his light blue eyes shined with youthful enthusiasm. He wore sailors cotton shorts and a loose fitting blouse. You will do laddie; now it is time for you to pay back our investment, you are going to work. Before allowing Richard a torrent of questions Jamie hustled him out to a cab, and then returned to settle with the publican and his wife. He added a generous tip. Back in the cab as they jolted over the uneven road Jamie confided, You are to be a cabin boy on a boat undergoing a refit; you will live aboard and attend to many duties. Richards heart leaped and he opened his mouth, but saw the look on Jamies face and bottled up a thousand questions.
The Subtile was being repaired in one of Tilburys dry docks. Dockyard workers swarmed over her hull like worker ants and the smell of sawn oak, varnish and oakum filled the noisy air.
Can I just ask one question, Jamie? asked Richard.
Aye, lad, but now we are aboard my title is First Mate, replied Jamie.
I  I mean Mister Mate, why is all the damage to the hull and not the masts and rigging? he asked.
That is a good question, laddie, and it has to do with fighting styles. The Froggies prefer to render a ship vulnerable by dismasting and then capturing it at their leisure. We Scots, as well as the English, prefer to destroy their fighting capabilities then board to force surrender. Now follow me to the Captains cabin.
They stepped around workers, over piles of lumber and under hanging rigging, then down the aft ladder to the Captains cabin. To Richard it seemed huge, taking up the entire width of the stern and with the cannons removed it seemed even larger. Anything of value had long been removed but everything pertaining to the ship such as lanterns and brass fittings had been retained in case of Subtile being appropriated by the Navy.
Jamie issued Richard with his first orders, Here is a plan of a frigate similar to Subtile; learn all you can without annoying the workers with endless questions. Clean up and make this cabin shipshape, it requires no repair and will not be used by anyone apart from yourself. I will have bedding sent aboard, and you will eat with the dock-workers. I suggest you pester them with your questions then. Welcome aboard, Dick the cabin boy.
It may not have been much of a title, but to Richard it was everything he desired.
Richard spent more time at the water pump and carrying buckets up the gang plank than he did cleaning, but eventually the dirt and grime gave way to the shine of newly oiled oak paneling and polished decks. He removed the brass lamps, hooks and other fittings to take topside, where he spent hours removing the verdigris and polishing them to a brilliant shine. The builders had not cut costs on the Captains cabin and the finishing was to a high standard. Books had been scattered around the cabin, all were in French, and Richard had cleaned and returned them to behind the brass rails on the shelves. Among them were a Bible and a small volume published in 1595; Richard placed it to one side. Cleaning the inside of the stern windows posed no problems, but Richard had to be shown how to rig a bosuns chair and lower himself over the stern to scrub the dirt off the outside. He did not sleep in the cabin as ordered; it did not seem right so he slung a hammock in what one of the carpenters told him used to be the midshipmans quarters. Here he had to begin cleaning all over again. It was not until the fourth night that he trimmed the wick and lit the cabin lamps to study the ships specifications. The frigate was approximately 130 feet long with a beam of 37 feet and weighed 800 tons. She was ship-rigged and Richard made a note to find out what that meant before falling asleep.
With time now on his hands Richard did some fetching and carrying for the carpenters and swept away the shavings caused by the draw-knife. He marveled at the skill of the old man who worked the blade with a handle at each end. He carved the wood into a perfect fit, leaving the join almost invisible. His endeavors were rewarded by answers to his torrent of questions at lunch-time.
Why does the gun deck have no guns?
A ship of the line would, but frigates range their guns on their top deck.
Fore and main masts make sense, but why a mizzen?
Dont bloody know  ask a sailor.
Why is oak used so extensively?
It is readily available, and suitable trees carry the kings crest to reserve them.
Is there a better wood that is available?
I have heard there is a denser wood in the new world but its splinters, cause infections. Cant have that on a warship, can we?
Why has the boat copper on its bottom?
Shuddup and eat your lunch or your bottom will cop it! There was a collective sigh from the muster when Richard filled his mouth.
The carpenters had departed and now it was the turn of the riggers. These agile men considered themselves superior to the other trade craftsmen and Richard did not dare to ask them questions; instead he watched with admiration as they tuned the rigging like an instrument that would play before a wind.
That night Jamie stamped on board and gave Richard orders to accompany a barge to the Royal Brass foundry at Woolich, providing tide and wind were favorable. Richard was learning fast  like, not asking the obvious, like why at night? when it would be more dangerous. If he needed to be told, he would. It was a very large barge and from the stern Richard could not see the bow concealed by a heavy patched lateen sail. City smells assailed Richards nostrils for the first hours, then the scent of pasture animals and crops freshened the night air, and finally the dark silhouette of Woolich Arsenal loomed in the half moon light.
The barge bumped and crunched into the dock, causing those ashore to curse as they threw out the mooring lines.
A black carriage with a black horse stood stationary away from the dock. A man dressed in black alighted and approached a well-dressed man standing by the covered cargo. Some sort of inspection occurred, then a package-changed hands and the man in black departed. The horse made little sound, as if its hooves were muffled. After mumbled orders and responsive grunts the first of the cargo was winched aboard. They were cannon balls contained in heavy rope baskets and they were arranged carefully on the starboard side. The barge listed to starboard. After many grunts and directions the first cannon was lowered onto the port side opposite the baskets of shot. The barge listed to port. More shot came aboard until the balance was restored. This was repeated three more times with Richard receiving curses, stubbed toes and torn fingernails. Finally, barrels came aboard and the smell of saltpeter left no doubts about their contents. These were carefully stored in the hold.
The return trip was uneventful, with the river providing the motive power, and the crew relaxed; some even lit pipes in the stern, well away from the holds closed hatches. Alongside Subtile, the cargo was winched aboard by crewmembers Richard had not seen before. The cargo was secured down in the gun deck and Richard had to suppress one last question: Why were there guns on the gun deck?
CHAPTER THREE
You seem to have the capacity to upset the Lords of the Admiralty on more than one occasion, Lieutenant Hendry, said the fair haired man in the same room, in the same club and in the same company.
Lt. Hendry was of medium build, stocky and had a chin that protruded, covered by a red beard. His whole demeanor suggested a stubborn and pugnacious nature. His light blue eyes sparkled as he opened his mouth to speak. No you dont have to defend yourself here, lieutenant, it is that very attitude that recommends you to us.
The fair-haired man pushed away a copy of Hendrys naval record that he had somehow acquired.
You have no quarms about resigning your commission? asked someone. Hendry cleared his throat and spoke for the first time; he had a slight Devon accent.
None at all, Sir. I am on half pay, on shore and have absolutely no chance of another command; my naval career is in effect over.
You have no objections to a voyage that could last over two years? Have you pushed the boundaries on occasion and entered uncharted waters? asked another.
None, Sir. I would relish such a challenge.
And you would accept a captains pay plus prize money, even though you will be capturing no ships, said yet another.
 I take it that I would have no letter of marque from the King, asked Hendry. The room filled with chuckles.
Unfortunately no, Lieutenant, those days are long gone. The fair-haired man looked around the company and received a series of nods. Could you await in the adjoining room Lieutenant; we shall not keep you waiting long, I can assure you. Hendry nodded to the company, pushed his chair back with a squeak and left the room.
Well? asked the fair-haired man.
I think he will do admirably, said one and others nodded.
We are agreed then? asked the fair-haired man and canvassed the nods. We are agreed; then send for Captain Hendry. When Hendry had reseated the fair-haired man smiled, stood up and shook his hand. Welcome aboard, Captain Hendry.
Richard watched the ship fill with the new crew and officers, and to avoid being at the beck and call of all of them Jamie gave him the task of checking the stores as they came aboard. Richard could read, write and record until the purser arrived a few days later. He looked at the long list and wondered where to put it all, but the crew knew where to stow everything. The list read: 10,000 pieces of pork; 8,000 pieces of beef; 12 tons of bread; 8 tons of flour; 7 tons of pickled cabbage; 3 tons of raisins; 100 cheeses; 100 pounds of salt; 30 barrels of fish oil; 500 pounds of oatmeal; 500 barrels of beer; 70 keggs of brandy and 30 of rum. All this to feed 120 men for an undisclosed period.
While Richard recorded the stores as they were winched aboard he remembered how his mean uncle used to chuckle at the ways his chandlery used to cheat their customers, knowing that spoilage could occur for any number of reasons after months at sea. One of these was to empty out meat from the suppliers, refill the barrel with meat on the turn that had been purchased for next to nothing and reseal the barrel. The sealing was then colored to match the originals but when scraped revealed its newness. Richard applied this test and soon found a doctored barrel. He passed on his suspicions to Jamie, who had the barrel rehoisted and then released to smash open on the deck. The semi-putrid pork caused the crew to gag.
Well, Dick me laddie, it seems like we have a visit to make to the chandler, but first check all the stores on the dock and supply me with a list. Jamie slapped a not-so-gentle hand on Richards shoulder.
Jamie seemed to have something against doors: he slammed the chandlers door back so hard the tongue of the doorbell flew off and landed at the feet of a startled clerk. He froze, ink dripping off his quill as two huge sailors framed the door, and Jamie advanced with Richard across the polished floor.
Where is the proprietor of this scummy establishment? Jamie roared. The clerk dropped his quill and stood up.
He is in his office Sir; I will see if he is available, he muttered. There was no need; a thin bird like man with a beak for a nose came to a door behind the clerk and looked down his beak, then up to Jamie.
What is the meaning of this outrage? Begone before I fetch a magistrate! the man shrieked.
Outrage? Jamie yelled, Nae I will show you an outrage! Jamie took a bucket from one of the sailors and emptied it over the proprietors head. Rotten pork poured off his bald head and lodged in his collar and pockets. The fouled brine soaked his clothes and the smell was unbearable. The proprietor kept his mouth shut in case something vile entered it.
Did you really think you could cheat on your supplies just because the ship has a foreign name and most likely never see Tilbury again? Jamies voice was now ice cold. Well, think again laddie. Jamie withdrew a pocket telescope and a razor-sharp filleting knife from his jacket. Here is a new contract: all the barrels are to be replaced and the ones that have been delivered will not be returned. The barrels of spirits will be gratis and are not listed. My men and our acting purser will stay with you until delivery is completed and if I hear one word of protest I will use this telescope to find your shrunken wee balls and use this knife to cut them out. Furthermore every ship in the south of England will hear of your untrustworthinessod if you are in agreement. The proprietor nodded and then fell into a faint. The second sailor emptied a bucket of clean water over him. Jamie stamped out and slammed the door. This time the bell flew off.
Word of Richards expos never reached the newly arrived Captain. Richard was learning the way of the sea: the officers took the credit and the ratings took the blame; he would have to be content with Jamies approval.
Captain Hendry had come aboard the previous day, stopped at the top of the gangplank, looked towards the quarterdeck and almost saluted. The Bosun, an experienced old hand, had a pipe in his hand just in case, but the Captain shook his head and went to his cabin. He had not been seen for two days but had received several visitors including obvious naval officers out of uniform. Richard had taken food to the cabin, been told to leave it on the chart table and return later for the trays and plates. Richard had been allowed to remain in the former midshipmans quarters although pushed into a small corner space; the other bunks were filled by three junior officers, one barely older than himself. This quasi-officer status confused the crew, so they avoided Richard, a situation no doubt orchestrated by Jamie.
Richard had been given a crew list to copy and some of the appointments surprised him. There were the usual number of sailors, ancillary tradesmen and ratio of officers, but cartographers, bursar, doctor, sailing master and gunnery officer were all staffed by very experienced and senior personnel. This was reflected by their pay scale. Where ever Subtile was going, she was well over-crewed.
Richards former lifestyle ensured he was always awake at five a.m. He had not learned how to convert that into bells. The thud of bare feet and bustle on the top deck drew him topside where Jamie ordered him to stand by the stern deck. Richard felt completely at a loss as experienced hands readied the ship to cast off, harried by the Bosun who was relaying orders from the officers. One single large mainsail thumped into place and the ship strained like a dog on a leash ready to break free. A light breeze filled the sail like a pregnant belly groaning and stretching to its limit. But even the wind had to wait for the Captain. Captain Hendry walked confidently to the quarter-deck, nodded to Jamie and took up a position behind the helmsman.
Very well, First Officer, you may cast off and position us mid stream, he ordered.
The shore workers had been holding the lines looped around bollards, and as they unwound them the lines hissed away towards the departing vessel like snakes. Crewmembers hauled them in and wound them into neat coils. Subtile eased into midstream, causing smaller vessels to scatter and reset courses, their good natured curses being returned with interest by the crew. Subtile headed downstream for the mouth of the Thames.
Captain Hendry retired to his cabin to open his sealed orders. He was no longer a serving naval officer but this expedition had a very military manner about it. Hendry opened his orders and read for ten minutes, stopped, rubbed his eyes and reread them. It was not so much what was in the orders but in what was missing, and this gave the Captain large parameters in which to maneuver. In essence his orders were to sail to or near the Dutch East Indies via the Cape of Good Hope, use his initiative to obtain items of wealth that could be easily stowed, then sail south into uncharted waters to discover a new continent that was thought to exist. He was to claim it for England and recover any wealth for the benefit of the shareholders. Copies of Abel Tasmans pacific charts from a hundred years previous were attached. The name Subtile would remain to hopefully confuse the ships nationality. Hendry suspected the good ships doctors additional ecclesiastical training would be sorely tested.
CHAPTER FOUR
The fickle late spring winds caused endless delays in clearing the English Channel. The only positive outcome was that the crew learned the ways of Subtile and themselves. It took three weeks to clear landfalls and sail into more clement weather and seas. During this time Richard was confined below, learning how to become three assistants as well as his Captains cabin duties.
The Pursers name was P. Williamson Esq. and was as demanding with his accounts as he was with his attire. His thin short frame may have been well suited for between the decks but he was fanatical about overdressing, as if this somehow made up for his ungainliness and ugliness. His eyes were set too close together over a hooked nose that somehow supported rimless glasses. He needed and chose to shave twice a day. Richards first duty of the watch was to dust the Pursers chair, desk and ledgers. His second was to hang the Pursers frocked coat correctly, taking care not to mark the white ruff collar. He would then be given errands to run such as checking stores, recounting endless items and compiling receipts. He was never allowed anywhere near the ships ledgers, let alone attempt accounting.
Master Digby, do not go barefooted in my cabin, kindly wear stockings if you please. Master Digby, you have tar under your fingernails, manicure yourself please. Master Digby, you are maculate I can detect skin above and below your jacket, cover yourself young man. Richard hoped his short apprenticeship with the doctor would be an improvement. It was, but only just.
Dr. Wilberforce was an overweight and over-qualified surgeon who was completing a steady but irreversible decline in fortune. He passionately believed in sterilizing both his instruments and intestines in alcohol, and inevitably this caused his hands to shake and his patients to shake their collective heads. Pale blue eyes above a raspberry nose assessed Richard when he presented himself to the doctors cabin and surgery. The surgery was large and protected within the bowels of the ship, Subtile was, after all, a warship.
Well young Dick your duties here will be light, mixing the odd prescribed potion and attending to the usual run of sailors injuries and illnesses; only if we see any action will things become bloody. Now I want you to do an inventory of what citrus fruits we have aboard and arrange to squirrel them away here in the surgery; we have ample room. I am formulating plans to combat the dreaded scurvy and wish to keep them private so do not inform the cook or that pansy purser. One other thing: never work here unsupervised, do I make myself clear?
You do, Sir, answered Richard. At the beginning of a voyage Dr. Wilberforce concentrated on the health of the officers and crew, reasoning that this would prevent problems later when temperatures, fluxes and tropical diseases would assail them. The crew was a mixed lot: those who had been brought up in the country and had gone to sea to obtain employment were healthier than the city dwellers that had fled squalor and the workhouses. The inadequate diet produced boils, rashes and the runs, but poultices, ointments and nutritional food combined with sea air and hard work soon brought redness to the cheeks and tone to the muscles. It mattered little that some of the protein came from weevils in the ships biscuits. The doctor rarely penned instructions; he seemed to have everything in his head so Richard made careful notes and referred often to the good doctors Latin dictionary. Richard soon tired of the routine and looked forward to his next duty: assisting the ships Gunnery Officer.
Robert John Whitefields love of ordnance and ballistics had caused him to neglect his studies in navigation and celestial bodies to the extent that his superiors had advised him he would never attain the rank of Lieutenant. Denied a naval career he had jumped at the chance to sign on Subtile as Gunnery Officer, a rank that did not exist on any other vessel. He proudly introduced Richard to his babies as if he had given birth to them, unaware that Richard had assisted in procuring them from the arsenal.
These four six pounders will be mounted mid-ships on the top deck to ensure trim and stability. They have a range and weight advantage over English four pounders but are still no match for the twelve pounders carried by our larger frigates. Robert noticed the gleam in Richards eyes and realized he had found a fellow traveler. And speaking of twelve pounders, this is our bow chaser and largest weapon: I have plans to mount it on the stern, seeing we will be more likely to outrun rather than chase anything. These four little beauties are swivel guns, better known as rail guns and are for very close or deck combat. I wish you to study these range charts tonight; in the morning, weather providing, we will install and hopefully test the guns. Now, about gunpowder  moisture is our enemy here. Richard and the Gunnery Officer had to duck their heads to enter the compact powder magazine. And for that purpose we have a layer of sawdust under the deck to absorb it. Note all metal fittings and utensils are of a non-ferrous metal, either brass or copper. One spark here and the ship is matchwood; now I wish you to study these weights and measures tonight; you will be dispensing the powder tomorrow should we obtain permission to test fire. Now, young sir, are there any questions?
 No Sir, were the only two words Richard spoke. He concealed his disappointment; he would have liked to see the guns in action, not confined to the magazine.
Steady! screamed the Bosun as the iron monster swung dangerously towards the ships rail. Sweating crewmembers struggled on a line to belay the cannon as it was lowered by a series of pulleys to the deck by a second crew. The weapon hit the deck with a resounding thud causing the Bosuns invective to rise a new level. You sons of whores and bitches, it is only a six pounder, not a twenty-four, do we have to disassemble it so that you pussies and ball-less wonders can have it easy? Period time is it? The more experienced gun crew members quickly secured the gun with ropes and chains to the stanchions on either side of the gun ports, giving the hapless crews a brief respite. A wedge was hammered into the gap between the rear of the barrel and the carriage. Now we will try it again on the starboard side, you bunch of bottom feeders; with a bit of luck it wont fall overboard.
Richard was glad he had the job of mounting the four swivel guns, one on each side of the quarterdeck and the same for the foredeck. He was well clear of any danger and had a gulls eye view. The weapons spike slid easily into the brass lined hole and was held fast. Richard took a look at the mountings for the bow chaser; they were more complex and hindered by deck hatches and rigging fastenings, so he decided to retire to the powder magazine. A short time later he heard yells, shouting, wood splintering and the thud of bare feet on holystoned decks. Further oaths, the groan of overloaded rope and a final crash then silence. The twelve pounder was at rest.
You made something of a meal of that, the Captain observed sarcastically. Perhaps we should delay the test firing; we have had more than enough excitement for one day. The Gunnery Officer looked crestfallen.
It was Richards idea to lash a pole to the raft of barrels and tie an old shirt on it. He had written hit me on it, but this could not be read as the light wind ruffled both the sea and the makeshift flag. It seemed to take an age for the target to float away to a suitable range.
This is what naval warfare is all about, intoned the Gunnery Officer. Hours of waiting, then minutes of pure hell. You may go below and prepare your charges young Dick; you can view some of the action when you deliver them to the guns.
Richard had prepared the charges the previous day, meticulously measuring out the correct weights and sewing them into a light canvas bag. He carried a brass spike on a cord at his waist to nip the cloth before loading. I am a right little nipper he joked to himself. He closed the magazine door and carried two charges top side; for safetys sake only one round per gun would be delivered during practice, but in the event of real action more would be risked with other powder monkeys involved. By the time Richard arrived, two of the six pounders on the port side had been sweated back inboard to allow loading. Recoil would do that action after future firing.
Load! ordered the Gunnery Officer and the barrels were sponged out. There was no glowing powder residue to remove, but the crew completed the action out of habit. The charge was then rammed home, followed by the solid shot taken from the brass monkey, a triangle that secured the small pyramid of balls. The lead gunner poured a finer grade of powder from his flask into the touchhole and blew on his sulfur-saturated match: Fire as your guns bare.
The gunners squinted along the barrel. Richard marveled at the skill and timing required to judge the rising or falling of the barrel and allowing for the delay of the touch-hole flash. The two guns erupted almost simultaneously and two fountains of water announced a wide miss. Reload. Where are the next charges, young man? Look lively there. Richard fled to the magazine.
After two hours of desultory gunfire the Captain called for a halt. A summary of the practice concluded that one of the leading gunners was well skilled in six pounders, having served four pounders previously in His Majestys Navy. He would be allowed time to train up others when they were not engaged in sailing duties. Richard pleaded with his Gunnery Officer to be included on the list. He was duly added.
CHAPTER FIVE
If the Purser could not stand the sight of Richards bare flesh, Fifth Officer Samuel Smyth could. As the youngest son of a well-todo landowner, he had no chance of a significant heritage and his father had paid for his passage and commission aboard Subtile. The inference was clear: make your own way in life. Smyth was a gangly young man awkward in movement, and a large hooked nose ensured that ladies looked elsewhere. That did not concern Smyth; his passion was young boys, an affliction that had caused him to be expelled from boarding school. Smyths pale white skin contrasted with his jet-black mop of hair.
Richards skin had tanned to a golden brown and his hair had bleached as Subtile headed south into warmer waters. His body had filled out and muscled due to the hard and varied work. Richard had first noticed that Smyth had taken the nearest bunk to his even though others more conveniently placed had been available. As the temperature rose in the airless cabin Richard had taken to wearing shorts only, but soon became aware and uneasy at Smyths unconcealed scrutiny.
Richard awoke thinking that he had had a wet dream  but he felt a hand withdraw from his genitals and heard the nearest bunk squeak from the weight of a body. His heart raced for more than one reason as he weighed up the problem and possible solutions. Firstly, Smyth was his senior and could cause him major inconveniences; secondly he could report the matter to First Officer Jamie but life on a ship was not unlike boarding school: one did not tell tales and thirdly, no real harm had been done to him  it was what could follow that terrified him. He decided to handle the problem himself. At the end of his next watch, when Smyth lay almost naked on his bunk, Richard stripped naked before entering his bunk to rest. He heard a sharp intake of breath from Smyth. Turning, he faced the heavily breathing Smyth and corded a razor sharp but sheathed knife over his privates: the inference was clear.
Oh, you might think you are being smart, sneered Smyth, but I will have you one way or the other. You can start by cleaning this cabin, and when you are finished you will wash my clothes on deck where the crew can see you. Richard grimly redressed and began his extra duties. Over the next weeks the extra duties began taking a toll on Richard: he neglected his studies, caused the Purser to berate him for inkblots and the Captain to comment on his clumsiness. The Gunnery Officer, tied up in training, failed to notice the difference in Richard, but the good doctor did.
What is the problem, Master Dick? You seem distracted and listless; is there anything I can prescribe? Richard bit his lip and shook his head  but the word prescribe gave him an idea. When he had finished his duties and the doctor was scratching in his diary, Richard covertly gathered together some ointments and chemicals that smelled like rotten eggs. He was careful that the concoction did not aggravate the skin. He corked it into a small flask and concealed it in his shorts.
You may go now, Master Dick, and I suggest you take more sleep  by the way, what is that God-awful stink? Richard hurried out to scrape some shit off the crews voiding rail.
That night he stripped off his pants, facing away from Smyth, and applied the foul concoction.
It is about time you saw the light, my darling. Come here, ordered Smyth. Richard turned to face his tormenter, the greenish yellow puss like cream dripping from his penis and the smell wafting towards Smyth. Jesus breath, what is that foul liquid dripping from your prick? Smyths voice rose an octave. Oh, just a little discharge I get on occasions after I fucked a whore in Tilbury. The doctor tells me the amount of mercury I need to cure it would kill me and that it is very contagious, but do not worry, it comes and goes. Right now it is coming, said Richard nonchalantly.
You filthy little beast! screamed Smyth, go topside this instant and clean yourself. Smyth began to gag. Richard concealed a smile and followed orders. When he returned to the cabin, Smyth and his personal gear had gone. Richard shifted into Smyths bunk just in case he decided to return.
Jamie listened to Smyths request to shift into a small cabin hardly larger than a cupboard next to the chart room. Smyths excuse that he wanted to be nearer to his work sounded decidedly thin but Jamie granted the request anyway. It would be Smyth who worked extra shifts in the future. That evening one of the junior officers approached Richard.
I do not know what you did or how you did it, but you have rid us of that fawning freak; well done lad. Richard was pleased at the new look of respect from the ratings, and even more pleased when he found that one of the younger ratings had taken to cleaning Smyths cabin.
CHAPTER SIX
You may return these charts to their drawers, boy, the Captain ordered as chairs scraped and the senior officers left the Captains cabin. One of the charts was aged and worn. It had border drawings of cherubs blowing wind, penned notations in a language Richard could not recognize and frightening pictures of mythical sea monsters. The area where the Subtile was sailing was marked 70 degrees west to 40 degrees west and 25 degrees north to 35 degrees north; it was entitled Sargassum.
For a reason he could not fathom, Richard felt a sense of foreboding. The feeling increased after an incident on the quarterdeck the following day. A large strange sea bird that nobody could identify other than it was not an albatross flew on board and flapped around the Captains head. Annoyed, he tried to shoo it away, but the bird persisted. Finally, the Captain grabbed the bird around its long neck, but the birds bill contained razor sharp teeth and it opened the Captains arm to the bone. Screaming obscenities, the Captain snatched up a cutlass, severed the birds head and threw the body overboard.
Send up the doctor before I bleed to death, he yelled. A deeply superstitious crew began to murmur.
ave you ever seen anything like that before? one asked to a sea of shaking heads. Jamie was approached by a concerned Bosun. Sir, have you ever heard of something like that happening before?
Jamie admitted that he had not.
The men are restless, Sir, it may be as well to make some token change. Jamie agreed and after consultation with his injured Captain, Subtiles course was corrected five degrees east and a prevailing wind obliged. Subtile was now racing at nine knots towards the Sargasso seaweed.
It was rare for Richard to have any spare minutes, but when he did he spent them up the foremast in the crows nest. Here he felt divorced from the ship and its endless routines, and with the wind in his face and hair he was the nearest he would ever be to a sea bird and freedom. Today he shared his space with seaman Billings, a young man said to have the sharpest eyes on the ship. Today Billings would be out-sighted.
What is that line on the horizon? Richard asked. Billings shaded his eyes and wished he had the use of one of the precious telescopes.
It could be just the horizon; sometimes the light plays tricks on us, suggested Billings. Within half an hour the line on the horizon was no trick but a definite smudge rising and falling independent to the horizon.
I will go below then, you can call the sighting, suggested Richard. Billings nodded in approval. Richard shimmied down the rigging as he had been taught, with hands and feet working together, and he landed on the deck with a thump. Above him came the cry, Flotsam on the port bow!
On the quarterdeck Jamie swung a precious telescope to port and sent for the Captain.
Damn your five degrees correction, First Officer, we are headed straight for it, cursed the Captain.
We could reduce sail and put in a few tacks, Sir, suggested a chagrined Jamie.
That is about all we can do. First, stand by to come about! ordered an exasperated Captain. The crew swarmed up the rigging to reduce sail, the tiller ordered hard over, and Subtile creaked and groaned its way to starboard.
What is it? a sailor asked when the Bosun had time to fill his pipe.
It is the Sargasso Sea lad: a mass of floating sea weed that can trap a becalmed ship and hold it in its grip until it rots, said the Bosun between puffs.
Oh my God, prayed the sailor.
It is going to be a close run thing, said Jamie, half an hour later, after Subtile had put in another tack.
 We are not going to make it, despaired Jamie after a further half hour. The crew watched in horror as Subtile headed towards the green morass of weed.
Clap on all sail, First; the weed cannot entrap a moving vessel, ordered the Captain. Subtiles newly dropped canvas filled with air and she gathered speed before the wind.
Look there, Sir, further to port: another ship, cried an excited Richard. Ship was something of an exaggeration; it was a hulk with blackened bare masts and spars trailing the remnants of rigging like ragged hair. The hull had lost all its paintwork blistered by the sun, and it appeared deserted. Just then the wind fell to a faint breath.
Mary Mother of God, cried one of the Catholic crew and crossed himself. The remainder wondered if Subtile was to suffer the same fate. Subtile was becalmed, yet it drifted towards the mass of seaweed.
It is the current, lad, said Jamie, answering Richards unasked question. It is either drifting us towards the weed or vice versa. The weed took Subtile into a wet leafy embrace. The Captain issued a barrage of orders.
Lower two longboats, First, and rotate the rowers;:we will have to tow ourselves out of this mess. Lower two bosuns chairs over the bow and have the men clear the weed with cutlasses and axes. Send the remainder of this watch below to rest out of the heat. The Captain took his own advice and retired to his cabin. Richard, spared all of the action, could not take his eyes off the wreck.
It is an old Dutchy, said the veteran helmsman, who had little to do. See how high the fore and stern castles are to direct fire down onto galleys. She must be over a hundred years old.
The crew must have starved to death, suggested Richard.
Not starved, said the doctor who had joined them on the quarterdeck. See that tattered remnant of a yellow flag on the mizzen? She had the plague or fever: thats what killed the crew.
Sir, can I board her and check out the cargo; she might have been carrying something valuable, asked Richard.
I doubt it: see how high she rides in the water and besides, we dont need to bring a plague aboard, replied Jamie.
There would be no plague after all this time, First Officer, the pestilence would have died with the crew, the doctor said. Jamie sighed.
Very well lad, I will ask the Captain. Third Officer, take the deck. Jamie took a look at the rowers and went below to report and request.
You have permission to board, lad, said Jamie to Richard, who could hardly restrain himself. The Captain believes it will help the crew take their minds of the weed; take the dolly boat and two hands. The Bosun had the boat lowered and detailed two crewmembers, Billings was one of them. The shallow boat had no problem in crossing the weed as it floated over it. The problem was catching crabs of wet leaves; Billings and his mate swore at the foliage. The death ship soon loomed over them, forbidding and forsaken.
,I am not boarding that, said Billings Mate. Jamie threw up a grappling iron and tasted that it held fast.
Lets go, he said to Billings. The top deck was a mess; a few culverins remained chained to their posts others had obviously broken loose, rolled across the deck and smashed through the bulwarks. There was no sign of life.
 Walk carefully across the deck, advised Billings. Step on the rows of securing pegs, they are fastened to the ships ribs. The two youngsters made their way carefully to the stern castle and captains cabin. There were no bodies anywhere and the captains cabin was locked fast by a heavy door. Ill fetch an axe, said Billings. The sturdy iron lock did not budge to Billings bludgeoning but the hinges did, powdering out of the rotten framework and causing the door to crash inwards. After you, invited Billings through a cloud of dust.
Richard stepped forward and into yesteryear. Two pairs of blue eyes looked into a pair of sightless sockets. The Captains skeleton lay scattered over his desk and the bones of his right hand lay pinned under a pistol. Under the deck lay a strong box, its weight sinking it through the rotting deck timber.
We will take that, check the other cabins, said Richard. Billings padded off and Richard made a quick search of the cabin. He could not find the ships log, but her name was faintly visible on some surviving paperwork. Van Der? Den? Trump. Richard picked up the pistol: it was of a lighter caliber, perhaps a dueling piece. Its lock was an older snaphaunce type, but it was beautifully made and in mint condition. He checked the touchhole; it was devoid of any powder and tucked it into the back of his shorts. Billings returned and together they struggled to haul the heavy strongbox topside. They rested at the top of the ladder. Lets check the holds, suggested Richard. They found a rotted hatchway and kicked it clear of wood. Whatever the cargo had been, it had rotted dry years ago but the fragrance remained: herbs and spices from the Far East.
Lets go, said Billings, this hulk gives me the creeps. They lowered the chest using the grappling hooks line to an astonished crewmember and rowed triumphantly back to Subtile.
Well done, Richard, said the Captain, standing with his senior officers in his cabin. On his desk lay the strong box; the lock had been sprung but the lid remained closed. Richard straightened with pride: it was the first time the Captain had referred to him by his name. The contents will more than pay for this ship and its refit, the investors will be happy, and so am I. The Captain smiled and turned to his officers. Richard smiled and returned to his duties; he never did find out what was in the box.
Sir, permission to use the old hulk as target practice  there is nothing like the real thing, requested the Gunnery Officer.
Not yet, Guns: I want the wreck intact and in sight to remind the rowers what will happen if they are not successful. At that moment Subtile lurched and moved; she was making way. The sailor thumping down the ladder to report the arrival of wind had to jump clear to allow the Captain and his officers right of way to the deck. The situation pleased them. A fair breeze was buffeting them from abaft and Subtile was about to overrun the towing longboats. Recall the longboats and hoist in the bosuns chairs, First, then clap on all sail, I can detect clear water ahead and Guns, you have permission to send the loyal captain of his ship to his grave.
Mindful of the increasing angle, the two six pounders were quickly loaded and opened fire. Normally such a light poundage would have little effect on a sturdy trader built along the lines of a galleon, but the weakened and rotting wood soon yielded to the onslaught and the ship began to settle. One shot struck the water short, ricocheted off the weed and slammed into the hull at the waterline. The timbers opened and the wreck rapidly began to sink, bubbles and debris squirting to the surface. No sailor likes to see a ship go down and several turned away from the wreck, sinking bow first below the weeds. Subtiles sail filled and she bounded clear like a dog off a leash. Set your course south east for Capetown, First; we have wasted enough time. The Captain took a satisfied look at the sails and retired below.
Below Richard had taken advantage of the action above deck to present his pistol to the armorer, a veteran with a wooden foot. He had cost less but was glad to sign on; the alternative was begging.
It is a fine but unusual pistol lad, see how fine the craftsmanship is, yet there are no decorations. It is neither a gentlemans nor a military piece. The lock is an older snaphaunce but some consider it superior to the newer flintlock. The snaphaunce is too expensive for military use, and in the end it all comes down to money and simplicity of use by the squaddies. The barrel is superb; those Dutchys know how to make em, I will be able to drill the shot out for you and clean out the residue of the long dried out powder, then you will have a fine weapon lad; come off the wreck, did it? Richard nodded.
The run south to Capetown proved uneventful; only when Subtile came within sight of Africas west coast did the crew become uneasy. The coast was inhospitable barren rocks and sand dunes with the wrecks of ships driven ashore visible above the sands. The bleached ribs of the wrecks protruded out of the sands like bones and the screeching of land birds seemed to be inviting Subtile ashore. The Captain changed course and took a wider loop to approach Capetown at the tip of the continent. The adverse winds were atrocious and kept Subtile standing off for two days before she could nudge her way into the bay and dock. The Captain made a show of seamanship by dropping sails expertly and allowing Subtile to ease its way to the jetty. A nuggety Hollander in charge of receiving the lines nodded in approval. A gangway was lowered to allow the Dutch Harbor Master aboard, but there would be little for him to inspect and levy dues on.
The armorer had a surprise for Richard: he had unloaded and oiled the pistol. Take this powder flask, young master, and here are a few balls. I had to shave and grind them to fit the smaller bore, so use them sparingly until I can make others. Promise me you will take it with you if you go ashore; I dont trust them darkies and the Dutch even less. Richard promised; now all he had to do was gain shore leave.
The door to the Harbor Masters office closed.
Het is een oorlogsbodem vermomd al seen ontdekkingsschip en het zou grote averij kunnen toebrengen aan onze Oost Indische handelsdelegatie, was het verwijt van de Nederlandse garnizoens-commandant.
Een vijf kanons fregat zal onze floot nauwelijks schrik kunnen inboezemen en ik wile r op wilzen dat elk onzer schepen de meerdere is van de Subtile, verweerde zich de vice-gouverneur.
Weet u dan niets van Engelscher oorlogsvoering mijnheer. Het zijn ijzervreters en men verheugt zich op het enteren van de tegenstander. De Commandant leunde achterover om zihzelf tot kalmte te bewegen.
Heren alstublieft! Verschiet uw kruit toch niet zolang geen der 6 kanonnen hebben gesproken, bracht de havenmeester te berde. Ik verzoek u om zowel de ganse floot als de kolonien op de hoogte te stellen middles een omniddelijk schrijven teneinde de bewegingen van de Subtile te volgen en zonodig te escorteren.
Accoord, gaf de Vice Gouverneur toe.
Humph verzuchte de garnizoens-commandant.
The door of the harbor masters office opened.
CHAPTER SEVEN
Richard was not granted shore leave, but given his experience in dealing with ships chandlers he was tasked with replacing the used and spoiled citrus fruits. He presented the order to the Purser, who spluttered with needless expense indignation and without thinking, said, These things do not grow on trees I might have you know!
Richard smiled to himself, pocketed the signed order and sought out Jamie. Jamie was of a mind to have Richard escorted by two heavy sailors seeing as merchantmen they could not go armed, but warmed to the idea that Richard and Billings would attract less attention as sightseers. They would carry little money; the fruit would be paid for dockside on delivery. Had Jamie known that Richard had pocketed his pistol he would have had a fit.
The two boys had no need to play the part of wide-eyed youngsters in an exotic port; they were bombarded with new experiences, smells, flowers, black people, Orientals and most appalling of all, the base end of the slave trade. Richard had already decided to bypass the Dutch chandlers who were hoping to make a killing with supplies available only to themselves. The two boys wandered deeper into the settlement until they came upon tatty but clean food stalls run by Africans and Arabs. They chose a huge African standing behind baskets of every type of fruit, including many the boys had never seen before.
The nearest Arabs all made bad face. The language was not a barrier but a delightful problem to be solved. Flashing his snow-white teeth, the big man first tried a variety of local dialects; all that meant to the two boys was a change in harsh constants and a different cadence of clicks. A Dutch speaker was called but failed to communicate, and then Richard resorted to drawing a picture of Subtile in the sandy soil. A young black boy caught on, spoke to the big man andthen ran off, leaving Richard baffled. The big man filled the gap by offering a variety of fruit as samples. The boy returned with a seedy looking Arab in tow; he spoke broken but understandable English. Richard explained what they wished to purchase and the amounts, and on translation the big mans eyes opened wide and he included other merchants in the deal that was obviously beyond him. Richard paid off the Arab with some coppers but failed to notice that he ran off in the direction of the town, not the way he had come. The deal was soon struck at a fraction of the cost quoted by the chandlers. Richard made sure that the oranges and lemons had been freshly picked while still green; the big man understood. This caused for a celebration, and the big man whose name they could not pronounce took them to his tent where two shy but smiling wives plied them with a local beer and treats. A most unwelcome visitor soon joined them: a skinny Dutch half-cast burst into the tent brandishing a large knife; he put it to the throat of one of the wives. The big man rumbled hate from the depth of his stomach and crouched like a cat.
Stay still, kaffer, and your wife will live: all I require is the order form from the Englander, he said in the local dialect and then repeated it in English for Richards benefit.
The form will be of little use to you if the Purser fails to honor it, pointed out Richard.
Oh it will be honored sure enough  that is if you wish your black friends here to live, smirked the half-cast. It was then that Richard realized that the family would die; black lives meant nothing here, and there would not be any competition or witnesses left alive. Without thinking, he pulled his pistol from his pocket, cocked it and shot the man in the chest. The mans eyes widened in disbelief, then clouded in death as he slid to the floor. The big mans wives began howling and the big man himself shook with fear at the repercussions of a white man being killed in his tent. Richard gave no thought to the fact that he had just killed his first man; he gave orders to Billings instead.
Get the big mans hand cart; we will put the body in it, cover it with fruit and take it back to the ship. The big man and his wives caught on quickly, filling the cart, eager to have the body removed. Two men were ordered to pull the cart, and they reluctantly agreed to push it to the dock. Richard pressed the order form into the big mans hand. He nodded in understanding, knowing that he had to fulfill the order. When they arrived, sweating, at the dock, Richard and Billings waited until they were alongside Subtile, and then, forcing themselves behind the porters, began to push the cart as fast as they could towards the end of the wharf. The porters at first stiffened in resistance, then caught on and rammed the carts wheels into the barrier at the end. The body and the carts contents spilled into the sea, and Richard began berating and hitting the porters in reprisal while crewmembers and onlookers enjoyed the show. No one saw the body glide beneath the waves and all that was left were a few fruit bobbing on the surface. Several sets of eyes from the Dutch chandlers noted the initial delivery and wondered what had gone wrong.
The order of fruit arrived late that afternoon, accompanied by too many vendors and family members to invite intervention by the Dutch chandlers. Songs were sung as the fruit was loaded aboard, and the purser even managed a smile when he saw the amount tendered for payment. With a final show of white teeth and many smiles, the Africans happily departed.
The Captain, keen to show the scientific officers under his command, accepted the Vice Governors invitation to dine that evening. It was a resounding success with almost all of the local dignitaries speaking English and keen to hear the latest news from London. The obvious enthusiasm of the cartographer and navigator went some way in convincing the Vice Governor of Subtiles scientific intentions. Even the Purser played his part when confronted by a hostile chandler owner.
Have you secured all the purchases that you intend to make during your stop over at the Cape? Tension knotted the squat mans short forehead and spittle formed on his goatee beard.
Indeed not, Sir, I have a list for livestock and other vitals; if your clerk could present himself first thing on the morrow I am sure you will not be disappointed. The Purser smiled as the Hollander nodded and drank deeply from his pot of gin.
The supplies were loaded on board as Subtile prepared to sail on the tide. The livestock were secured in pens on the deck. None of them would survive the coming weeks. Richard counted down the minutes, fearful of any last-minute exposure and arrest. Finally, Subtile slipped her mooring,s caught a puff of wind and sailed out of the harbor. Richard took one last long look at the fabled Table Mountain in the clear sunshine.
A day after Subtiles departure, the body of the half-cast surfaced and was brought ashore by fishermen. After a thorough examination the Garrison Commander confined his investigation to the town: the caliber of the shot retrieved from the body was Dutch, not English.
CHAPTER EIGHT
The Captain had planned to take Subtile south to avoid the trade routes to India and further east. Strong winds and gales drove Subtile further south than the Captain and navigator had plotted, and despite desperate tacks to track north the vessel had been driven into latitudes yet to be defined. Subtile was entering uncharted waters. Even with all sails tightly furled Subtile was driven up to speeds beyond her design and was in danger of being broken up.
We will have to use a sea anchor to slow her down, yelled the Captain into Jamies salt encrusted ear. Jamie nodded and sent the Boson below to fetch up the contraption. After the canvas rope and wood bucket had been brought to the stern the Captain shook his head. It is too large, First, and will rip the stern off us in this gale; have them make up three smaller ones and use heavy lines.
The smaller sea anchors were lowered into the teeth of the gale that initially kept them from exerting a sudden pressure on the lines. Finally they swallowed water and sunk beneath the wind whipped waves. The securing stern-posts groaned and squeaked but held, and Subtile slowed to a more accommodating speed. The anchors slowed but did not stop Subtile from being forced further south. Ice began to form on the spars and rigging, and the deck became a skating rink. To make matters worse, the cook did not dare to fire up his stoves in the atrocious weather and cold food did little to lift the crews morale.
The days became weeks and the officers and crew became fatalistic because there was nothing they could do apart from surviving and praying. Some of the crew believed their prayers had been answered when the wind lessened and swung to the south west; a cold breeze that could have come from some unknown equivalent of the Arctic pushed then north east into more clement weather and temperatures that warmed the crews exteriors while hot food did the same for their innards.
Richard had been kept busy below, mainly helping the doctor attend to the cases of frostbite, rope burns, abrasions and, at times, stomach cramps. Only the Purser had been happy with the temperatures that had delayed the spoiling of fresh food supplies. He had yet to be informed that all the livestock had perished. Wrapped up in blankets and a tricorn hat perched on his head, the Purser had no reason to admonish Richard for exposing his flesh: Richard wore three sets of clothes on top of each other and a tea caddy over his head. The Gunnery Officer was also wrapped up in the effect the low temperatures had on the consistency of gunpowder. When Richard had attended the Captain he had found him tense and terse over the last few weeks, but as the weather lightened so did the mood of the Captain.
Subtile sailed from one extreme to another. The welcome warm weather changed over the weeks to hot and from hot to furnace-like. Richard preferred the cold; he could always find a way to warm up, but there was no way to avoid the heat of the tropics. Seawater raised in buckets only lowered body temperatures temporarily; within minutes those that had been dowsed began sweating and dehydrating. Water had to be rationed. It was well the Purser stayed in his cabin: the crew wore only shorts and even the officers dressed down to shirts and breeches only. Sunburn became a problem for the doctor and Richard until the men turned brown. The extreme heat caused another problem: Subtile had been designed for European climates and her timbers began to shrink and open up. Men were lowered over the side to caulk the gaps but could do little to stop the leaks below the waterline. Pumps had to be manned continually; what Subtile needed was to be beached and serious repairs carried out. The first signs of scurvy began to appear by crewmembers that had avoided eating citrus fruits. Gums blackened, teeth and hair fell out, and, in a few cases, internal bleeding occurred. The doctor treated them with his last remaining shrunken limes.
The Captain invited comments from his senior officers after briefing them the condition of the ship, the men and supplies. The news was not good.
Five days? Jamie queried to make sure he had heard correctly. The Captain nodded and added.
On half rations.
We have no exact bearing on how far east we have sailed? asked the Second Officer. The Captain nodded to the Navigation Officer.
No Sir, but on a time scale and at our rate of knots I estimate we are well past the Indian Continent and our only hope, and it is a slim one, is Keeling Islands, he indicated a speck on the map south west of Borneo.
William Keeling discovered those islands over a hundred years ago; has anyone landed there since? the Captain asked.
I cannot answer that Sir, but Keeling noted there were fresh water lenses to be found if you excavated. The Navigation Officer had done his homework.
Estimated sailing time to find this needle in a haystack? asked the Captain.
Approximately ten days, Sir.
There may be some good news, Sir, interceded Jamie. All eyes turned to him in expectation. Some of the crew are having limited success fishing, and the further we sail north into the tropics the more chance we have of rain, Jamie added rather hopefully.
Thank you, gentlemen, say nothing to the crew of our situation  we will sail on and hope, there is little else we can do.
The fish came in all shapes and sizes, some edible, some not, and some only if they were dried in the sun, but there were enough to augment the dwindling food supplies. The rain came on the third da,y torrents of it filling the stretched tarpaulins and every available empty barrel; Subtile steamed, hissed and expanded, causing the pumps to be abandoned by their exhausted teams. The mens spirits rose with the steam and there was a renewed vigor in their applications. The Bosun had less need to use his rope. The Gunnery Officer kept Richard busy replacing the damp insulating sawdust as the humidity rose.
Land ho, on the port beam! Billings had declared his sighting, unsure if the smudge on the horizon was a cloud or a reflection. Only when he could discern the white tips of breaking waves did he announce his discovery. It took most of the day to beat within half a mile of the atolls. They were not impressive, less than sixteen feet at maximum height, but to Subtile they were salvation.
Well done, Navigation, the Captain slapped him on the back, an unheard of lapse of formality, and on the tenth day. The Navigation Officer beamed. Two longboats returned to Subtile as the sun sank below the horizon. They had found a suitable bay to beach the vessel and commence repairs. Subtile anchored and waited; the men relaxed for the first time in months and waited.
The Captain took advantage of an offshore wind at high tide the next day and ran Subtile ashore into a sandy beach. The crew swarmed ashore and, attaching lines to the masts, heeled the boat over to expose half a barnacle-infested hull. The work began of cleaning the copper sheathing and recaulking. A water party reported that there was no need to dig for water  fresh water bubbled up from a spring above the high tide mark. Crewmembers ran up coconut trees instead of rigging and dislodged the fruit to fill the empty galley lockers. The doctor set up a beer-brewing plant using the last of his precious yeasts, and soon the smell of fermentation indicated the yeasts were active and working. Richard led a small party around the atoll in search of fruit and found a yellow-fleshed oblong fruit suspended from a green cap growing on a low bush type plant. The doctor ate a small slice  it was delicious  gave a larger slice to Richard, waited several hours for any adverse reactions, and then polished off the remainder himself. They had solved the scurvy problem for the moment.
Two days later Subtile was refloated, hauled clear and then re-beached to clean the starboard hull. Two more days later and Subtile was ready to resume its voyage. The Captain conferred with his Navigation Officer. Any large continent would have to lie either to the west or north of Abel Tasmans discovery of the savage islands of New Zeeland. Subtile was not yet replenished for a long voyage into the unknown; it was decided to head for the Dutch East Indies.
CHAPTER NINE
The crew heard from the land before they saw it. Sea birds cacophony of cries heralded land behind the distant clouds, then the earthly smell of rich soils were carried by an off shore breeze. Subtile tacked patiently towards the nearing clouds.
Are we well to the west of Batavia? The Captain asked his Navigation Officer.
Over a hundred miles by my estimation, Sir; it puts us clear of Dutch interests, but
Clear of protection as well; we will have to choose our landing places and contact with the natives well Nav, and your estimations have been accurate so far. The Captain searched the coastline with his glass. In fact it was the natives that chose when and where to make contact, and they were not friendly.
Almond eyes assessed Subtile from behind a screen of jungle foliage.
It is a warship, not a trader.
Agreed, but it is armed as a trader not a warship, is it not?
That is so, but it sits high in the water, suggesting that it has yet to trade.
The only trade in these waters is ours; perhaps we should make contact.
Would the unknown gains from the trade offset any losses?
I believe they would; weapons, especially cannon, we can always use, plus the sale of slaves.
The round eyes will fetch little; they make poor slaves, unable to accept their status.
And they do stupid things like running into the jungle to escape.
Two sets of shoulders heaved with silent laughter and tears filled brown eyes.
Tonight then, before dawn, at the hour of inattention, using canoes and blades.
Tonight then.
The early morning before dawn was quiet; even the screeches and screams from the jungle had suddenly ceased, so Billings decided to risk a shite while on watch. The only concession he made to his toilet was that rather than drop his bum over the rail and face inboard he lowered himself while gripping the rail with both hands and continue to look towards the shore. While he was emptying he noticed flashes of white disturbing the silvery sparkles on the water. He hauled himself back on board so quickly he almost lost his pants; scores of canoes were rapidly approaching Subtile. Subtile had no beat to quarters routine because there was no drum to beat, so Billings rang the ships bell continuously and yelled for the first time in his young life.
Stand by to repel boarders!
Subtile sprang to life.
It was the swivel guns that had been loaded and their matches kept glowing that gave Subtile the hint of a chance. Their grape shot slammed into the lead canoes, causing death and dismay as the following canoes collided. The port swivel gunners quickly unshipped their pieces and retired to reload them on the starboard rail. This allowed the starboard gunners to slot in their pieces and fire down onto the canoes alongside Subtile and beneath the depressions of the six pounders. Richard manned the starboard stern gun. As the pirates swarmed up and over Subtiles side Richard aimed his piece at an approaching canoe to avoid endangering his own crew. The hail of shot decimated the canoes crew and the survivors swam towards Subtile, their wicked-looking krisses held in their teeth. All but one: a young boy tugged in vain at the rope that secured his leg iron to the canoe as it began to sink. Richard looked inboard. The pirates plan had been to quickly overpower the night watch and secure the hatches, giving them control of Subtile and imprisoning the remainder of the crew. This initiative had now been lost and the crews firepower was turning the battle. Richard made a quick decision: he was of little use in hand to hand fighting and his swivel gun could not be deployed without endangering his crew, so he dived into the warm tropical waters. As his head cleared the surface Richard realized he could not swim, but the sinking canoe was only a yard away. He splashed his way there, cut the rope with his knife and promptly began to drown. The rescuer became the rescued as the boy grasped Richard under his arms and kicked towards the ships side. The pirates had given up their unequal contest and had dived over board to swim for their remaining canoes. Friendly hands hauled Richard and the boy up a bosuns ladder and into the safety of the ship. The six pounders finally had their say, spraying hot lead into the retreating pirates.
You may stand down and clean yourself up, Billings, sneered Smyth, I believe you have shite yourself! Subtile then began to count the butchers bill.
Richard looked at the boy, shivering not from the dawns cool air but of fright, and made a decision. Pointing at the boys leg iron, he mimed opening it and signaled for the lad to follow him. The boy hesitated at entering the bowels of a barbarian craft but decided loosing the leg iron was worth the risk. He followed Richard below to the gun deck where the ships ironsmith was collecting and assessing the pirates captured weapons. He took a quick look at the manacle and made an even quicker strike at the securing pin causing the iron to clang to the deck, then resumed his evaluations. Richard led the boy back on deck intending to present him to the Captain; the boy was the only live survivor. As soon as they cleared the hatchway the boy rushed to the rail and jumped up ready to dive overboard. Richard heard several firearms click to full cock.
Hold your fire! Richard yelled and the crew obeyed, unsure how much authority Richard wielded. The scene froze with the crew keeping the boy in their sights and Richard unsure what to do next, he could see the sinews standing out behind the boys knees and his Achilles tendons stretched, then the boy quickly jumped back to the deck and pointed to the sea. The crew joined Richard and the boy at the rail and saw the reason for the lads reluctance to escape: the surface of the water was broiling, floating bodies were being dragged beneath the surface to be replaced by red blossoms, and the slower of the pirate swimmers screamed as they were bitten to pieces. The sharks had arrived for an early breakfast.
Well, young Dick, it seems we have a guest who has been unwilling to help the pirates; take him below and feed him  he could do with a lot more flesh  then see if you can gain any information about where we are, and more importantly, where the pirates are, the Captain ordered. Food was a problem despite the boys obvious hunger: it was a matter of smell. The boy gagged at any offer of meat or biscuit but fell on yesterdays fresh fish and bread. The water was a must have, but he seemed less than impressed with its quality. Later they called in on the Purser to collect paper and a charcoal stick.
See here, young Digby, we have much work to complete on the ships accounts
Sorry Purse, Captains orders, must be off, Richard cut the astonished Purser short. Dammed impertinence! thought the Purser, the lad is obviously growing up and his testicles down.
Captains orders could not exclude Richard from his medical duties because the doctor needed all the assistants he could muster. The scene in the sick bay resembled a slaughter shed with badly wounded men writhing in pain and others silent in death. Five crewmembers had died when the pirates had swarmed over the rail, unable to combat the deadly long knives, but their lives were not lost in vain. The short delay the pirates encountered in cutting down their initial resistance had allowed crewmates time to deploy and discharge their muskets. Boarding pikes presented a further formidable barrier until a second volley of musketry had turned the tide. The dead were left alone, awaiting their hammock-shrouds: they had bled out on the deck above and did not add to the blood and gore of the wounded. The doctor had never treated such horrific cuts before: cutlass or sword wounds were seldom deep and initially fatal, but the pirates krisses had severed through both flesh and bone, causing massive losses of blood. The doctor could not replace blood but worked frantically to staunch the wounds with tourniquets, pads and bandages. Cleaning and stitching would come later. Richard helped dress the wounds as he had been shown, and the boy fetched hot water from the galley. Working to help their shipmates endeared the lad to the crew, and they began to treat him as one of their own. Finally, Richard and the boy were allowed to stand down and dragged themselves to their bunks; the boy took Richards old bunk and both youngsters fell asleep, the paper and charcoal tip falling to the deck. Jamie looked in on them later and smiled at the innocent sleep of the young.
The boy from Borneo, as he was now called by the crew, awoke to another bad smell, that of an oil lamp. Richard had lit one and hung it over his bunk to illuminate his paper. The boy joined him in the bunk, eager to learn everything; there was barely enough room for the two of them. Richard pointed to himself and said solemnly, Dick, then pointed to the boy who pointed to himself and replied solemnly, Saka, then burst into laughter. Richard had to join in, and then busied himself with the charcoal pen. When he had finished, he showed a drawing to Saka of the pirates, then pointed to where his leg irons had been. Saka nodded and, taking the paper, drew a picture of a village and mimed the pirates attacking it and taking prisoners, then pointed to him. Richard then drew a sketch of Subtile and the surrounding coastline, then pointed to the village and traced his fingers around the coast. Saka frowned in concentration and then, taking the paper painstakingly, drew the outline of a large island, made a cross on the opposite side and pointed to the village. Richard gave a clap of delight, and the boy almost jumped out of the bunk in fright. Richard patted Sakas arm, then mimed a silent clap and smiled, and then hands on hips and frowned. Saka nodded and clapped his hands. So far so good. thought Richard, then pointed to the pirates and traced his finger along the coast in the opposite direction. Saka stopped him on the opposite side of the island from his village and, taking the paper, made an elaborate drawing on the reverse side. It took him half an hour, but when he had finished it was a masterpiece of detail. The pirates base was in a harbor protected by a small peninsular on one side and steep hills that dropped vertically into the harbor on the other. Two cannons were sited on the peninsular and three large ships were moored ships alongside a jetty. Other small fishing boats dotted the harbor.
Now for the hard part, thought Richard, began to count the five pirates on the paper using his fingers and then kept counting on. Saka caught on, and closing his eyes, added a series of dots that filled the paper.
Damn, said Richard: there were more than a hundred and seventy. Saka smiled and, using a damp finger, rubbed out thirty of them and drew his blackened finger across his throat. Well, we may have killed some of them but that still leaves us well short, grumbled Richard. Saka seemed to understand and, pointing to the village, drew a line across the island to the pirates den; he then counted the villages: the count came to fifty. Getting there, he said, and then had an idea. Taking Saka and the paper, he sought out the Purser in his office.
Come to return the paper have you? the Purser barked.
Well, erm, no Sir, but I wondered if you could show Saka here some of our gold.
What! I am no sucker young man and will do no such thing; he might tell his heathen cannibals and have them try and steal it, what?
It is just that he might know where there is some stashed Sir, thats all, Richard replied.
What, why did you not say so then? The Purser made much out of selecting a key from the dozens on his ring and grandly opened a metal lined drawer in his desk. He withdrew four gold doubloons and placed them reverently on the desk. Richard pointed to the gold and then at the island;Saka did not hesitate and indicated a large pile in the pirates lair. Richard had much to report to his Captain.
CHAPTER TEN
It seems this grand plan solely depends on the natives being able to mount a successful attack overland through dense jungle, said the Captain, opening up the discussion after Richard had completed his report.
I fear so, Sir; we do not have the firepower to enter the harbor and engage the pirate fleet; they would overwhelm us, pointed out the Gunnery Officer.
We could not rely on the villagers to be successful without some of our crew boosting their strength with firearms, suggested Jamie.
It is too risky, Sir; we may never see those men again and we have already lost seven dead, four amputations and six wounded, pointed out the Third Officer.
The pirate town appears to be well founded and defended; that suggests to me that they would have accumulated much booty or they would store it on their ships ready for a hasty departure, suggested the Purser.
Would you be prepared to take half a dozen lads and tramp overland to attack the base? The Captain asked Jamie.
Aye Sir, it is the second thing I do best, answered Jamie.
Then it seems, Guns, that you might have the opportunity to use your beloved bow chaser, said the Captain, his mind made up.
Do you think this is wise Sir, given the fact we do not know if the pirates have booty to confiscate or what the conditions are inland, and all this based on sign language by a native boy? The third officer made a last ditch attempt to sway the Captain against the plan.
Sweeping pirates from the seas is an ancient tradition, Third, even Julius Caesar engaged in it; besides it will give us some credit with the local authorities should we be so unlucky to be detained by them. Call it a community service. The Captain rose and his officers left the cabin to plan the attack.
No, young Dick, began the Captain, anticipating Richards question. You may not go with the First Officer overland but your new friend must; you will be needed on the guns.
Aye Sir, said Richard, trying to hide his disappointment.
Almond eyes again viewed Subtile as she completed burials at sea, hoisted sail and sailed away. They did not see her drop anchor on the far side of the island and send in the boy to explain to the delighted villagers the plan to attack the pirates.
Jamie and his six men were armed to the teeth with muskets, pistols and cutlasses. They bobbed in a longboat alongside Subtile and the Captain shouted down to them, reminding Jamie of the plans timing.
Remember, First, you have all day and a night to traverse the island; better to arrive early and wait than arrive late and allow us to lose the advantage of surprise. In the event of any cock-up we will return here and wait three days. You may cast off. Jamies men began rowing to the village, and Saka waved to Richard.
In the hour before dawn, Subtile, aided by an on shore wind and belayed by a sea anchor, glided towards the tip of the peninsular. Remember, Guns, you will have the sun in your eyes when it rises, hissed the Captain.
Aye Sir, Guns whispered back.
Mark twenty fathoms, Sir, called a crewmember, sounding at the bow quietly. The Captain handed Guns his glass as the blackness changed to a dark gray. Guns could barely make out the gun emplacement, but the embers of a careless fire threw the shadows of two guns into the lens.
Heave to, Sir; their guns look like ships 18 pounders but our longer barrel and more stable platform should give us the edge. The single mizzen sail was dropped noiselessly, but the sound of the bow-chasers wedge being driven in to lower the barrel clearly carried to the shore battery. Figures darted about in the lightening sky.
Fire!
The gun slammed back on its restraining lines and the gun crew ran forward to reload. Richard waited for the fall of shot, but it failed to spot; instead, several of the pirate gun-crew ducked and pointed in the direction of Subtile.
Too high, Sir; it went over their heads, he called, and Guns made a correction.
Fire! This time the shot plowed into the low tide line, sending up a mini-mountain of sand, water and seaweed.
Why dont they fire back? Richard asked.
Their guns are mounted to fire on any ship attempting to enter the harbor, but we are stationed off to their right, so it will take them time to redeploy, answered the Captain.
Fire!
This time the shot crashed to the left of the battery and several pirates fell screaming at stone splinter wounds. Richard saw an orange blossom followed by a cloud of smoke and counted the seconds. The ball plunged into the water, short followed by the sound of the cannons roar. The sun was now reddening the sky and Richard could see a hive of pirate activity on shore with at least two ships making ready to sail. Two blasts almost simultaneously forced Richard to look back at the shore battery; one of the guns had fired but the other had taken a direct hit, scattering bodies like rag dolls and spiraling the guns barrel of its carriage and high into the air. A plume of water spouted nearer to Subtile but still short. More powder, boy, yelled Guns, and Richard fled to the magazine. He heard the thump of the bow-chaser while below and returned with six canvas powder charges. He managed to glance into the bay; two of the pirate ships were under way and tacking towards Subtile; it was going to be a close run action. It took two more rounds to upset the pirates cannon off its base and upset its crew, causing them to flee. The Captain dropped the sea anchor line with a float attached and put on sail. Subtile moved to close off the harbors mouth.
If those other two ships join the fray, Third, they will split our fire power and be able to close and board us. They can sail closer to the wind than Subtile  where the bloody hell is the First Officer? The Captain pounded the quarterdeck rail.

CHAPTER ELEVEN
Jamie was aghast at first at the disparity in ages of the village war party. They were either youths or old men, but what they lacked in experience or young muscles they made up in enthusiasm. It was Jamies party that lagged behind, burdened by arms and equipment; the natives carried only their traditional krisess and a small pouch of food. They sweated on, hoping to reach the center of the island by midday. Jamie judged it to be late morning when they were stopped by a commotion ahead of them. A few minutes later, the natives that had been scouting ahead came back looking upset and embarrassed. It took Saka some time to explain by mime and drawing in the soil what had happened. Jamie swore and explained to his men: It seems like one of the young villagers was an informant for the pirates and has run ahead to warn them.
The crew looked alarmed, knowing full well what the loss of surprise could mean, and in the worst case, an ambush.
What have the Duskies done about it? one of the crew asked. Jamie engaged in more sign language with Saka.
They have sent two of their fleetest youngsters in pursuit but they dont seem hopeful, so we must increase our pace. The crew needed no further encouragement for hefting their gear and moving quickly through the jungle. After an hour they were stopped once more, and the crew dropped for a rest. A smiling Saka took Jamies hand and led him up a side path to a clearing dominated by high rocks. There, basking in the noon sun, were the largest lizards Jamie had ever seen. They were giants as large as cows with ribs of spikes down their backs, and he could make out sharp teeth in their crocodile type jaws. Jamie unslung his musket in case the monsters attacked, but Saka put a restraining hand on his arm and patted his stomach: the creatures had recently eaten. Jamie realized then what, or rather, whom they had eaten: a bloody leather sandal could be seen near one of the lizards and a half-eaten foot by another. Saka added a nod to his smile: the pirates would not be forewarned after all.
It was at midday, when Jamie thought all was going to plan, when they were stopped for the third time. A fearful looking tribe who inhabited the midlands was forcing the delay on them. They were of a more primitive race than the coasters of darker skin, taller in stature and large boned. Bones also adorned their noses ears and hair but they did not appear to be hostile; on the contrary, they insisted in joining the war party after the rituals of hospitality had been completed.
Jamie and his party were escorted to a large long house elevated on poles in the center of the village. Removing their shoes and stacking their weapons, they entered a windowless and smoke-filled room. The only light came from the door and cracks in the walls. An old man dressed in skins and feathers gave a long speech of obvious welcome and then invited everyone to partake in food and the local beverage. The food lacked meat apart from small blackened portions that could have been anything, but the root vegetables and fruit were delicious. The local beverage was something else: bitter and packing a powerful punch, but Saka mimed they must drink and then pointed to the crews water flasks. One by one the powerful warriors drank their fill and collapsed into a drunken trance. Jamie hoped their limited imbibing and the draining of their water flasks would avoid the same fate, but one by one the crews eyes closed and they fell asleep.
Saka shaking his arm and the uniformed stamp of heavy feet on floorboards awakened Jamie. It was pitch dark. With a final co-coordinated stamp the warriors ran out of the hall and into the forest accompanied by the screams of their women and the shouts of older men. Saka and the villagers followed and Jamies crew, nursing terrible headaches, gathered up their weapons and struggled to catch up. The darkness forced a single file and it was as well that the path was all downhill, but Jamie and his men still tripped over vines, had bushes snap back into their faces and clothing torn by thorns. The gap between the three parties lengthened and this had the benefit of giving Jamie time to deploy in the event of an ambush. Jamie, aware that his time cushion had disappeared, pushed his men relentlessly.
Why dont the blacks turn around and smile so we know where they are, lamented some wag; Jamie cursed him into silence. After several hours of terrain torture Jamie missed observing that a streak of light had entered the new day: the forest canopy had extended the night. The sound of cannon fire below them announced the arrival of dawn and a battle. Jamie and his men redoubled their efforts, fearful of arriving too late. There was never going to be a chance to observe and deploy; the islanders charged into the town, spearing and clubbing any and everyone down. The pirates seemed terrified of them and fled away and on to the knives of the coasters. Jamie and his party charged to the docks in time to see two boats about to hurriedly cast off. A ragged volley of musketry cut down the pirates attempting to drop the mooring lines, and Jamie ran to the far vessel, discharged his pistol into the face of a pirate and swung himself on board. His six men, now reloaded, attempted to follow, but Jamie directed them to board the other vessel. Jamie spent an anxious minute reloading and wondering what was going to come at him from below decks until the arrival of Saka and a dozen men eased the situation. Jamies crew had cleared the hold of the second ship their pistols and cutlasses giving them an advantage and now five of them arrived to repeat the process. There was time to rest and assess the situation. The town was on fire and Subtile was bearing down on the remaining two pirate ships.
You will only have one shot from your bow chaser guns, before I present the port side, so make it count, the Captain turned and issued orders to his sailing master. Subtiles maneuvering had made the nearest pirate ship blanket the other, causing it to desperately shorten sail; this made it almost a sitting duck. The 18 pound shot smashed into it amid ships and dismasted the main sail. Subtile dropped all sails and the helmsman put the rudder hard down to swing her to starboard, both six pounders added to the pirates misery as their ship lost its way and floated towards the cliffs. The remaining pirate vessel plied on sail in an attempt to sail out of range and out of the bay. Subtile, unable to sail close to the wind, could only fire a farewell shot from its bow chaser as the pirates disappeared around the headland.
It is not over yet Sir, I fear, said the Third Officer. The Captain looked back into the bay. Scores of fishing vessels loaded to the gunnels with men sailed and paddled towards them.
Damnation! cursed the Captain, man the swivel guns and prepare to sail through them, and this could be tricky. There was no need for concern: the fishermen had personal scores to settle and descended on those pirates that had elected to swim to the cliffs with a vengeance. Their trident spears were not for fish this morning; they rose and fell amongst the screaming pirates without mercy and the sea turned red.
Jamie left the pier secured by a detail of coastal villages and returned with Saka to the town to reassess the situation. The fires had died down and the midlanders were rounding up young and older plump pirates. The pirates wailed, screamed, tore at their hair and at their rope fetters, all to no avail. The grinning midlanders clubbed down the most belligerent. Jamie pointed to where Saka had worn his leg iron and pointed to the captive pirates; Saka shook his head sadly and pointed to his stomach. Dear God, thought Jamie, the bastards are cannibals, hence the use of clubs to secure their supply of meat.
Jamie was relieved when the sound of a shot redirected his attention to the last remaining pirate stronghold. It was a substantial stone edifice complete with ramparts and two solid hard wood gates studded in bronze. The cannibals showed no inclination to attack stone and were already herding their human booty into the jungle. Saka and his war party had no means to scale the walls and their krisses would be no match for the pirates odd firearm and boarding spears. Jamie decided to wait for his Captain.
The wind in the inner harbor was light and Subtile had no problem in easing alongside the pier. The Captain had already ascertained the problem with the roundhouse and positioned his ship so the bow chaser could train on the heavy gates. Jamie reported to his Captain, who instead of commenting on his tardiness issued orders to attack the pirate fortification.
Ranks of muskets and pistols thirty paces away from the gates, First: it is my earnest desire to prevent further casualties, so we will reduce the fort with cannon fire. Keep your flanks clear, the Gunnery Officer has some new toys to deploy after he has knocked on the door. It took only three knocks with the eighteen pounder to shatter the doors off their hinges and open up the fort.
When the dust and splinters had settled, the landing party were greeted by silence. Guns used the lull to deploy his new toys. He had commissioned the carpenter to build carriages for the swivel guns to his plans . The carpenter had not the skills of a wheelwright and could not build spokes, but his small solid oak wheels were sufficient to support the frame that received the swivel guns spike. Guns had them trundled into position to cover the gaping gateway and ordered them loaded with grapeshot. It was time for lunch and adding anxiety to the pirate defenders. When the noon heat had passed Saka and the villages applied more pressure to the defenders by heaving torches over the walls and firing the thatched roves. The heat became unbearable and the pirates sallied through the gate and into a hail of lead. It did not take long: the pirates, possibly terrified by the specter of cannibalism, attacked with a fatalism that shocked the besiegers and within minutes it was over. Silence, this time permanent, returned to the fort.
The doctor came ashore, set up a surgery in the long house and began to treat allies and pirates alike; there was only one death of a sailor in Jamies boarding party. Richard was glad to have Saka working alongside him because he made the locals feel more at ease and soon became skilled at cleaning and bandaging wounds. Guns busied himself repairing the coastal battery but could not salvage the destroyed gun. He replenished Subtiles supply of powder and shot, resealed the remaining guns platform and had no need of Richards assistance. It was the discovery of gold silver and jewels secured in charred chests inside the sacked fort that had Richard recalled to the ship to laboriously record every crewmembers share in the hoard. The dispensations applied were the same as the navys share in prizes. It was another day before Richard could escape the Pursers meticulous mathematics and join Saka in diving for booty on the now sunken pirate ship, but first he had to learn to swim. Saka demonstrated how kick out the legs, his svelte body gliding through the water, and Richard soon announced his mastery of the technique by making a frogs fribit noise. Saka giggled and added the arms arrow and sweeping action to the sides. Richard was a quick learner. Diving was a different kettle of fish, and Saka made Richard join him in a breath holding contest. Richard exploded and gulped in air after half a minute, but Saka continued on for another minute until Richard tickled him into capitulation. Saka showed Richard how to breathe in and out rapidly until his head spun, and then take a normal breath and hold. It worked and Richard could now hold enough air to reach the wreck laying in three fathoms and back to the surface.
The inside of the pirate ship was dark and spooky, with evidence of a hurried departure from the docks and an even more hurried abandon ship everywhere. Items of clothing floated in the coastal current, containers of food spilled their contents onto the deck and unopened chests lay abandoned, but it was a heavily jeweled kris that Richard scooped up before kicking violently towards the surface. Sitting on a rock and waiting for their chests to stop heaving, Richard wiped the magnificent weapon on his shorts and presented it to his friend Saka. Sakas eyes widened, he shook his head and tried to hand it back to Richard ,but Richard pretended to be insulted until Saka smiling widely accepted the gift. Richard also smiled widely: it was one item of booty that would not be recorded by the tight-arse Purser.
Subtile replenished its supply of fresh water, fruit, vegetables, salted fish and the meats of large game birds and small mammals. All unwanted or unusable booty was gifted to the locals. This included fine garments and cloths, richly adorned utensils and hundreds of strange Eastern coins, many of them with round or square holes in the center. All the pirate prisoners begged to be allowed to stay, promising to mend their ways, and this caused much dissent among the locals. It was the fishermen who provided the cull, dragging those pirates that had transgressed in the past to one of the ships that had been stripped of everything but the bare essentials. They were provided with enough food and water for seven days and escorted out of the bay to search for their lost comrades. The locals hosted a farewell party during which the Captain noticed a well-dressed man sitting apart from everyone else and partaking sparingly at selected foods. The Captain enquired as to whom the stranger was and, after much mime and sand sketches by Saka, it transpired that the stranger had been a hostage taken by the pirates who had been awaiting the arrival of his ransom. The Captain expressed his desire to meet the man and was at once impressed by his demeanor and self-confidence. He was further impressed when the man spoke passable Spanish.
Send for the Bosun: he once spent time in a Spanish gaol and has a smattering of the language, he ordered. The Bosun duly arrived, received his instructions and retreated with Saka and the stranger to a quiet place well clear of the huge bonfire. After an hour he returned with an intriguing proposal.
He is a Muslim, Sir, and has some standing in his community in the south of the Philippines. He has no love of the Spanish who repeatedly try to repress and force conversions to Christianity, so far with little success. He knows these waters well, having traded here, and proposes that in return for a passage back to his homeland he will act as your pilot and offer you his ransom on arrival. His name is Sulamen something; I could not pronounce it, the Bosun reported.
The Captain made an instant decision:
Invite the gentleman aboard Bosun, and inform him the payment of his ransom will not be necessary. It was a decision that would have far reaching consequences for the voyage of Subtile.
After the all night farewell party Subtile prepared to sail on the morning tide, but not before Saka presented Richard with his own gift: a fierce and bad tempered looking tiger striped cat. Saka pointed to the cat and said, Kucing, and then drew a picture of a rat in the sand. Nursing several bad scratches, Richard deposited the feisty feline in his cabin and went on deck to wave goodbye. Subtile pulled away and clearing the bay headed northeast.
CHAPTER TWELVE
Richard returned to a ransacked cabin. Kucing had ripped one of Richards shirts to shreds, scored deep scratch marks into the bulkheads, and in a final act of defiance deposited turds on the deck. Kucing sat on a bunk, his eyes fixed on Richard and his bent tail switching from one side to the other like a semaphore signal. Richard sighed, set a dish of fresh fish and another of water on the deck and began to clean up the mess with his ex-shirt. When he had finished the cat jumped down to the deck, sniffed indifferently at the food and, turning away to expose his arse and considerable testicles ,stalked off stiff-legged to lay claim to the rest of the ship. The watch got worse when another replaced one arrogant animal: Smyth had been bundled out of his small cabin to make way for the pilot Suleman. He said nothing dumping his sea bag and returned to the deck.
The Captain, the Navigation Officer, the Bosun and Suleman made an unlikely quartet, but between them managed to plot a course for Subtile. Suleman had drawn from memory an accurate map of the southern islands of the Spanish Philippines and their destination at Mindanao, and beyond that to clear ocean in the northeast. Beyond that, again he had placed an arrow to the south, indicating a vast unexplored expanse. It would be within this area that Subtile would discover a new continent, if it existed. The immediate problem was to thread their way through Spanish occupied territory and avoid discovery. Lookouts had been doubled.
Richard did not usually wake up in the middle of his sleeping watch, but he did that night: something warm and wet was on his legs. He sat up with a start, but this did not disturb the two yellow eyes that stared at him from the end of the bunk. He cursed and tindered alight a lantern. There on his leg was a very large and very dead rat; Kucing watched and waited for some display of gratitude. Well done, Kucing, Richard reached forward to pat him, but the cat was not ready for personal contact and leaped away into the darkness. Richard toyed with the idea of putting the carcass into Smyths bunk but decided one disruption was enough for one night. He placed it under his bunk and would throw it overboard on his next watch.
Sail ho on the port beam! The lookouts cry caused the Captain to stamp across the quarterdeck and clack open his three-length telescope. The top-sails of a fully rigged ship shimmered into focus.
Tack away thirty degrees to starboard, First, we need to show a clean pair of heels. The Captain watched the resulting activity with a critical eye. The unidentified ship faded under the horizon after an hour but the Captain and his officers remained uneasy. They had probably been seen. Subtile resumed its former course for the southern Philippines.
Rain spoiled the vista of small tropical islands as they slid past Subtile and disappeared into the wall of the downpour. Puffs of smoke on most of them indicated habitation. The rain also concealed a concerted attack on Subtile by scores of rowed and sail vessels that descended on the ship with the intensity of a hurricane. The Captain was about to order an armed response when Suleman strode to the rail in formal robes and identified himself. Immediately the bow waves on the attacking vessels vanished as the boats stopped dead in the water, and great cries of joy and excitement overcame the noise of the torrential rain: Suleman, Suleman, Suleman!
Their leader had come home.
The locals would not wait for Subtile to tack towards anchorage and jabbered insistence that Suleman board their largest vessel to be borne ashore. Suleman explained to the Bosun, who explained to the Captain, who agreed to the request. Suleman descended into the boat and onto the stern, where he was ceremoniously rowed ashore like an Admiral of the Blue. Subtile lowered anchor an hour later and awaited a summons from ashore; it was not long in coming.
Suleman escorted the Captain and three of his officers about the town. They were greeted everywhere by the towns population with smiles, flowers and expressions of respect. Suleman had explained to them that they were the enemies of Spain, a fact traditionally if not technically correct. That they had rescued their leader from the pirates and destroyed the pirate town was of much more importance. The party paused by the ruins of a wooden mosque destroyed by the orders of Spanish bishops, and the Gunnery Officer, looking at the rock formations behind the town, had an idea. When the tour was over the festivities began, but unlike the previous all night party, this one was continuous and ended only with the departure of Subtile three days later.
The Captain allowed watches ashore when off duty to partake in the festivities provided they took no grog  alcohol was forbidden in the Muslim society  did not molest the local women and were back on board at the designated time. Jamie reinforced this regimen by allowing a generous supply of grog to a returning watch party. In fact liaisons did occur between the crew and some local girls, but these were discreet and both sides pretended ignorance. Richard had hoped to join Billings and the party to row to Pig Island where the locals had marooned the forbidden animals and replenish the ships supply of salted pork, but Guns had other plans. The plans necessitated Richard loading the jolly boat with two barrels of gunpowder, picks, shovels and a long auger drill. Two reluctant sailors joined them. A group of similarly equipped locals meet them on the beach.
Right lads, follow me for a spot of quarrying, Guns marched purposely through the town towards a limestone rock formation beyond the village. Richard and the crewmembers strolled somewhat less purposely and the locals reluctantly followed. At the cliff face stood the local religious imam; unsure whether to look happy or fierce, he settled for indifference. Guns selected the best passage to the top of the face and his workforce dutifully cut in rough steps to assist the bearers haul the gear to the top. Everything stopped for morning prayers. Guns then ordered holes dug or drilled according to the rock formations and then loaded a small charge into each.
We must bull the holes mustnt we? he quipped to an ignorant audience. Everything stopped for noon prayers. Guns fired each fuse long ones first and hastily retired to a safe distance. There was a pause and then a series of dull thuds as each charge exploded in sequence. Guns then returned and inspected the enlarged bases of the drilling and diggings.
Excellent! Start loading the powder charges into the cavities. Everything stopped for afternoon prayers. When all the charges were loaded Guns ordered everyone well back from the cliff face and repeated the fuse sequence. He lit the master fuse and scampered down the steps to join his party in blocking their ears. An earth shuddering crump occurred, then nothing but a look of consternation on Guns face. Then slowly, and as if reluctantly, the cliff face toppled and slid to the ground in hundreds of manageable pieces. The locals seized on one and soon had a square stone carved out of the soft material. It was borne back to the town in triumph.
Awaiting them was a surprise: Suleman had had the old site of the ruined mosque cleared and new foundations marked out. The Imam managed a smile as he laid the new foundation stone.
That should be a whole lot harder to burn down, exclaimed a proud Guns. Then everything stopped for evening prayers.
A boat bumped alongside Subtile, containing not supplies of food and water but three unkempt Europeans. They had been sculled out by a boatman carrying permission from Suleman. They were allowed on board and taken to the Captains cabin. Two were tall thin Hollanders with long beards and pale blue eyes, and the third man was a small Portuguese who had made some attempt to make himself presentable. One of the Hollanders spoke passable English and the Captain invited him to tell his story.
Thank you Sir, my name is Luek Moeller and my friend is Ruben van Stellen: we were captured by the Spanish after our ship the Prince William foundered off the northern tip of the Philippines. We were incarcerated in their stinking gaol in Manila where we met Senor Sanchez Dias who is a distant relative of the famous navigator, not that that did him any good. Luek bobbed his head towards the Portuguese who had stiffened to attention at the mention of his name. It seems the Portuguese are not welcome in this part of the world after the Pope divided it up, giving the Spanish the Pacific. The Hollanders voice had become hoarse and the Captain indicated to Richard to hand him a glass of water. Senor Diaz is of course a Catholic and it was a priest who arranged his parole, and he in turn bribed the prison Governor to arrange our release. We worthless Protestants are grateful for his Christian charity. The Hollander tried a chuckle but no one shared his attempt at humor.
Manila is a long way from Mindanao; how did you end up here? The Captain asked.
Hours after our release the corrupt Governor dispatched troops to recapture us, but we were helped by the local population and the laxity of the troops. It took us a year to reach here and we are not the first: another Hollander has lived here for five years, but he has married a local girl and embraced Islam; he will not leave. The tall Hollander sighed.
You wish to ship out with us? asked the Captain.
Yes Sir, but we have no money and are prepared to sign on and work our passage, answered Luek. It did not take long for the Captain to reach a decision: the extra hands would be welcome after their losses, and he believed the Portuguese offered a lot more than his polite silence.
Are you aware that we are on the outward leg of a voyage of exploration that may last another two years in as yet uncharted waters? the Captain asked. The two Hollanders conferred and then included the Portuguese in local and sign language.
It will be better, Sir, than staying here for the rest of our lives, at least we have a chance of returning home, Luek replied.
Then I agree to your request. Richard, take them to the Purser to sign them on and show them where to stow their gear. When the three relieved men and Richard had left the Captain turned to Jamie. Put the two Dutchmen on separate watches First, just in case, and have Senor Diaz assigned to the Navigation Officer; he can bunk in the old midshipmens quarters. I desire that the Bosun hear his story without the presence of the Hollanders: my feeling is there is more to this story than we have had so far. In the months ahead the Bosun often quizzed Senor Diaz but learned little apart from more details of their adventure. The reason why the Portuguese paid for the Hollanders release remained an enigma.
A flotilla of boats escorted Subtile out to sea, and the hospitable Mindanaens waved farewell until Subtile blended into the horizon. Subtile headed northeast to clear Spanish territories, then southeast into uncharted waters.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Boredom stretches time and each day Subtile sailed on untroubled and uncluttered seas seemed to be a month. The last of the monsoons had topped up the water casks, but now officers and crew were doomed to weeks of ever-increasing heat and the sight of an empty ocean. Only the occasional patch of rough weather kept the crew on their toes before returning to routine. The odd sighting of an atoll, group of rocks or small uninhabited islands did little to restore morale. The Captain and his navigation officers despaired as to how far south they should continue to sail before turning west and returning home. The dream of finding a lost continent became a folly. The Navigation Officer and Senor Diaz agreed that Abel Tasmans charts were of little use because they only recorded a series of large and small islands and their longitudes but no other references. Diaz suggested that the Dutch Navigator Generals guarded their rutters or records of time and directions with great care and further suggested that Tasman was something of an egocentric; therefore his claims should be viewed with caution. Fortunately this opinion did not reach the Hollanders. On the sixth week the decision was made to west and for home. Water and food supplies were running dangerously low.
Tacking at night into a westerly wind gave Subtile enough time to shorten sail when the bow lookout reported hearing the crash of waves against a shore. The Captain ordered heave to, and Subtile wallowed in the water waiting for the dawn. The navigation officers consulted charts, took sextant readings and estimated their position. They agreed that if the land before them was extensive it could be the islands Staten Landt that were discovered and named by Captain Abel Janszoon Tasman, but he made his discoveries while sailing east  Subtile was sailing west.
The rising sun behind them illuminated a densely forested land with trees and bushes growing almost down to the sea. Tall ranges clouded by mist dominated the background that extended from the far port of the Captains telescope range to the far starboard. No smoke arose from the primeval forest, indicating the absence of humans and the presence of stillness.
Must be an abundance of water with all that lushness, First, the Captain spoke from under his telescope. Take her north until we find a more hospitable landing  and have the soundings reported continuously, he added unnecessarily. Subtile cruised through deep water until a shallow bay presented itself and a change in the seas coloring indicated the presence of fresh water. Orders came thick and fast: Scouting party ashore, water party stand by and the cartographers may start earning their guineas, First.
Richard had come on deck after securing his pistol powder and shot in his jacket pockets; he had hoped to join the water party but Smyth spotted him and ordered him into the lowered longboat: You there, into the longboat and take an oar, it is about time you did a mans work.
Richard looked about the deck; there was no one to appeal to and he had no option but to clamber down the bosuns ladder and take his place on an oar. He joined eight other crewmen, all armed with muskets and cutlasses. Smyth took the helm. Right, look likely, pull away together now, ordered Smyth, and the men strained at the oars. They were all rusty, weakened by food and water rationing, but enthusiastic at discovering a new land. The bow crunched into the pebbly beach, and the men shipped oars and jumped ashore holding their muskets high above the water. Right, men, deploy in a screening formation and we will forage up the beach; boy, secure the boat!
The men checked their priming and moved off with Smyth safely at their rear. Richard tied the painter to a large rock and looked around. In the descending silence he thought he heard the gurgling of water in the opposite direction Smyth had taken. Smyth had not ordered him to stay with the longboat, so Richard headed off to investigate. He entered the jungle and stopped in awe.
Never had he seen such dark green foliage in a multitude of shapes and forms. Giant ferns fronded over his head and almost obscured the massive trees that stretched boughless until breaking the canopy far overhead. What great ships masts they would make, Richard noted. Lesser trees fought for the lower spaces, some embraced snake-like parasitic species that sucked sap from their hosts. There were no signs of animal life, but birds of types never before seen were in abundance, flapping and contributing to a continuous cacophony of calls. They showed no fear at Richards intrusion; giant pigeons in radiant plumage flopped through the air and landed on branches that bent and groaned under their weight. Tiny birds with fan-like tails hovered and pirouetted around him searching for some small insects, and brown wingless birds scuttled away to the safety of the dense bush.
Richard was fascinated by the uncurling and spiraling fronds of the giant ferns and leaned in to pluck one out. In the space behind the removed frond were spirals of a different pattern: tattooed into the most horrifying face Richard had ever encountered. Two malevolent eyes surrounded by blue tattoos stared into Richards soul and a large red tongue speared towards his face. Terrified, Richard stumbled back to draw his pistol. He was far too slow, and the huge almost naked native jumped forward and raised a green hand-club to dash out Richards brains. He changed his mind at the last moment and turned the club flat on to smash Richard unconscious into the ground. Richard never smelled the pungent forest floor as his head burrowed into it; he did not hear the flurry of musket shots, nor did he see four of Smyths men clubbed to death. Smyth ran screaming back to the longboat but his remaining four men, seeing that the native warriors were scared and confused by the thunder and their men killed from a distance, were determined to recover their mates bodies. They would have succeeded but for a warning cannon shot from Subtile.
Two large war canoes had rounded the headland and were paddling furiously towards the large intruding vessel. The men cursed, stripped the muskets and cutlasses from their mates bodies and ran for the longboat. Smyth had already released the painter, and the men jumped aboard and began to row for their lives toward Subtile. One of the war canoes headed towards Subtile and the other bore down on the longboat. In the prow was a magnificent warrior dressed in a feather cloak urging his men to greater efforts and Smyth, with a cry of despair, realized they would be intercepted. Then came a puff of smoke followed by the crack of a swivel gun, and the Chief was blown overboard in a hail of grapeshot. The war canoe immediately veered away toward the shore. The deeper boom of a six pounder followed by a spout of water convinced the other canoe to do likewise. Smyth brought his longboat alongside and it was immediately hauled onboard. Subtile set sail and sailed out into the safety of open water.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Richard regained consciousness and wished he hadnt: the right side of his head pounded as though being the target of continuous blows. Through his half-closed eyes he could see a concerned pair of soft brown eyes that widened at his consciousness. A soft strange word matched the soft eyes. Richard realized his head was being bathed by a sponge soaked in cool water and quickly sat up. A mistake that was paid for in increased pain and dizziness. Soft hands restrained him. Cautiously he looked around; it was night-time and he lay not far from a large fire that kept insects well outside its heat. In the background he could make out scores of warriors sitting patiently and waiting for their leader to speak. In the foreground he could see the clothes of four or five sailors laid one on top of each other, not folded but neatly layered. On the top of the clothes lay his pistol, powder flask and shot bag along with four other sets of flasks and bags. One spark from the spitting fire could send them all to hell.
No! Richard yelled pointed to the fire and then the powder-flasks and made pushing away motions. The natives, startled at his cry, jumped up, and then someone threw a flax blanket over the pile of clothes and pulled them well clear of the fire. These people were intelligent. Richard lay back and waited for the natives to decide his future.
What are we to do with this pale skinned outsider? asked the Chief.
Kill him and throw his body into the ocean like the others! said one warrior.
What if his tribe returns with their thunder spears to rescue him? the Chief asked.
Let the people of the coast attack them first, then we can attack later, suggested another warrior.
We are here at the invitation of the people of the coast to share their breath and food should we not share their danger too? Have not one of their war chiefs been slain by the giant canoe? asked the Chief.
Bah, their invitation is a trick to entice us out from our Pa, then surprise and slaughter us, warned another warrior.
That may well be so, but perhaps this young man and his weapon have been sent to us to save us from such an outrage. Let us use this boy to train us in the use of his weapon then use it to our advantage, the Chief finished. There were no further comments from the warriors.
Richard awoke with only a mild headache and surveyed his surroundings before sitting up. The sun rose and everyone, in the makeshift camp was up attending to their duties. The women were cleaning and preparing food, older men were bringing in fish shellfish and strange looking spiked eggs to cook or eat raw, and the warriors were training in faultless formations accompanied by uniform shouts and gestures. It was the warriors that held Richards attention: they were much larger than the average Englishman, and their dark brown bodies well formed and glistening with sweat. Their black hair was tied back behind their heads and their features, once you looked beyond their tattoos, were fine and almost patrician. They carried weapons that looked like an unlikely cross between a club and a spear a longer type of wooden axe, and all had some form of hand-club tucked into their braided flax skirts. Some of the clubs were of wood, others stone and more rarely, a type of jade.
A shadow caused Richard to look up. Above him stood a teenage girl about his own age wearing nothing but a grass skirt that did little to conceal her privates. The nipples on her bare breasts had hardened in the cool morning air, but she seemed completely unconcerned about her exposures and called to Richard in a strange soft tongue that sounded not unlike the people of the Indies. She beckoned him up and, taking his hand as if he were a child led him away from the camp to a bathing area. The entire camps eyes followed them until they were out of sight.
At first Richard thought the forest was on fire and he slipped his hand free from the girls, but her laughter calmed him and he realized that it was steam rising from fissures in the rocks. A little further on, steam from pools of water blended into the morning mist. The girl selected one and indicated that Richard should enter. Richard hesitated, unwilling to shed his clothes and the girl, giving him a look usually reserved for a child, sighed, dropped her skirt and entered the hot pool. Richard slipped off his canvas shoes, discarded his jacket and shirt but kept his shorts on, and then entered the pool. After the initial heat shock, Richard felt the dirt and grime from a long ships voyage ooze from him along with most of his fears and tensions. The girl stepped out, her perfect body glistening with heat and picked up Richards discarded clothes. Her nose wrinkled at the stink and Richard smiled; some expressions are international. She took them to another pool and began beating them on a rock to dislodge the ingrained dirt. When she was satisfied, she hung them on branches to dry, returned to the pool and pointed down to Richards shorts. Richard, not wishing to appear a prude, slid them off and handed them over for the same treatment. The girl slipped into the pool alongside Richard and touched his arm. Richard was thankful that the extreme heat of the pool seemed to prevent him from the embarrassment of hardening.
The girl pointed to herself and said, Pania, then pointed to Richard, who replied, Richard. The girl tried, but it came out sounding like shit and after much laughing both settled for Rewi. Richard had no problem pronouncing Pania. They dressed and returned to a camp full of expectation, but Pania served Richard a breakfast of steamed fish on a bed of sweet potato washed down with the purest water he had ever tasted. Only after he was replete was he presented to the Chief.
The Chief was a massive man, with tattoos not only on his face but extended over most of his body. The tattoos were more intricate than those on his warriors and suggested the work of a superior artist dedicated to a superior rank. The Chief sat down and his eyes bored through Richards, as if reading his mind. Richard had always been taught to look any man squarely in the eye when being addressed, but when he applied this he felt an immediate tension in the air and saw several warriors shuffle their feet in agitation. Could it be that in this culture it was impolite to stare into a superiors eyes? Richard dropped his eyes to the ground and the hitherto tension dissipated. The Chiefs tattoos wrinkled with what could have been a smile and he stood up, beckoning Richard to follow him. A group of warriors followed them a short distance behind. Richard heard the ocean before he saw it and a few minutes later they broke out of the forest onto the very beach Richard and his crewmates had landed. The Chief stopped and indicated that Richard should walk on alone. He walked to the waters edge and looked around the horizon from the headland to the far rocky outcrop at the end of the bay. Nothing. Subtile had gone, leaving him marooned in a Stone Age country. It took all of his inner strength to resist crying.
Back at the camp it was all business as Richard was given back his pistol, powder and balls. The bag contained musket balls and Richard pointed to his shot bag, retrieved it and demonstrated the differences in diameter. His audience understood immediately. A target of soft fern trunks had been set up ten paces away. Richard loaded his piece carefully, watched by eyes like hawks. Powder measure, wad and ball all rammed home, then the pan primed and the lock pulled back to full cock. He expected the semicircle of warriors who closely shielded him from the Chief and his retinue, but the warriors did not expect the click, flash and loud report of the discharge; they jumped back in shock. A cloud of black dust had erupted from the target and Richard strode forward to retrieve his precious ball. There was a great clamor of excitement and then a communal sigh as Richard found his shot embedded in a tree trunk beyond the target.
Richard took the initiative and invited the Chief to shoot, instructing him on the procedure; the Chiefs loading was faultless. He took aim in complete silence  all the birds had fled from such an abomination  and fired, scoring a direct hit. A great cry echoed around the camp; here was a mighty weapon wielded by a paramount Chief. Richard decided to push his luck and retrieving the bag of musket balls, mimed how they could be shaved with his knife and ground down to fit. The Chief issued orders and the musket shot bags were removed to be recalibrated. The aftermath of all this excitement seemed something of an anticlimax: Richard was seconded to a toothless old crone who began to teach him their language.
The early lessons were simple: the elderly lady who was somebodys grandmother walked Richard around the camp, pointed to a person or object and made him repeat the name until he got it right. A rap with her cane at a mispronunciation ensured Richards attention. He enjoyed the homework: after the evening meal Pania would sit by him and quietly repeat the days lessons. Later lessons became more difficult he found it hard to differentiate between the Hapu and Iwi concepts of tribes; perhaps one was a federation of some kind. Richard was a quick learner and both women were satisfied with his progress.
An incident occurred during the second week that caused Richard much embarrassment and revealed to him the vast difference between Georgian England and the local cultures attitude towards sexual matters. Pania had attended him as usual in the early evening  extending his vocabulary  but instead of leaving as she usually did, she extended Richard in a very different manner. They had been sitting inside a whare or grass hut erected for the tribes special guest, and Pania gently pushed Richard on his back and not so gently pulled his shorts down around his knees. Richard was somewhat taken aback and before he could react, Pania first gasped at his circumcision and then began to stroke him into erection. Richard thought all his dreams had come true, was this dusky maiden to be his first sexual partner? The dream lasted less than a minute with Richard unable to restrain himself and ejaculated into Panias hand. He had been so full that Pania needed both hands to collect his semen. She then ran out of the whare and into a group of older women who gathered around to inspect Richards contribution. Richard would have been further embarrassed if he had understood their exclamations.
Behold the pale ones seed!
Ah, it is the same color as our men folks.
Richard wished there was a door he could close.
Several warriors proudly wearing items of the dead sailors clothes escorted Richard to the Chief. This made Richard uneasy. Kneeling beside the Chief was a despondent looking older warrior with his eyebrows and parts of his hair burnt off. At the warriors feet lay a powder horn and a set of stone flints: Richard did not need any new words to understand what had happened. He poured a measure into his hand, walked to the nearest fire and cast the gunpowder into the flames. A great whoosh caused everyone but Richard to flinch, and Richard tried to mime that the powder had to be sealed from the air to explode rather than burn. He could not ascertain whether he had been successful or not, but the Chief looked long and hard at the fire, and then nodded a dismissal.
Something was in the air: nervousness, an expectation, an impatience for action but this was temporarily replaced with torrential rain. Envoys and messengers came and went, but the rain hosed misery around the temporary camp. It gave Richard an extra week to increase his language skills, and one night Pania stayed back and slept with him, bringing all his dreams to fruition.
When the rain stopped, Pania carefully explained through words and signs that all the tribes warriors had been invited to a hangi, a feast in their honor to celebrate peace between their tribes. Richard was invited. As they advanced towards the large carved meeting-house surrounded by lesser buildings, women began a chant of welcome not unlike an Arab call to prayer. This was followed by synchronized dancing singing and a fearful haka, Richards latest word for a war dance. There were too many hosts and guests to fit into the meeting-house so speeches took place outside with prominent members of both tribes speaking at length and at times with obvious humor. Richard understood very little.
Finally formalities were over and the feast began. Richard had noticed steam seeping from the ground and thought it another hot spot, but it proved to be an underground oven that had been steaming food since early morning. It was now evening. Soil was removed followed by flax covers exposing fish, game birds and vegetables. Guests were served first, with the local women and children kept well away.
The Chief and his warriors feigned contentment and relaxation but a closer look would have revealed the Chiefs eyes never left those of his counterpart as if waiting for a signal. It came with the rival chief nodding to warriors hidden outside the firelight. Instantly, Richards Chief reached under his skirt and threw a small bag into the fire, blinding temporarily those reeling back from the ignition. The Chief then drew Richards pistol from under his cloak, cocked it and shot his rival through his heart. In the chaos that followed, the Chiefs warriors drew hand clubs and closed to infighting to negate the enemies long and more deadly clubs. After flailing their opponents to the ground they recovered the long clubs, used the bird feathers behind the decorative spear-head to wipe blood off their hands and continued the slaughter. Shouts and screams from the fringe of the village indicted a second attack by the Chiefs older warriors. The Chief flung his pistol to Richard to reload and, snatching up a discarded club, entered the battle. Richard hurriedly reloaded, then looked for a target but found none. He had no idea who was friend and who was foe. He decided to guard the Chiefs back, and it proved to be a good decision. One of the fallen foes had only been stunned and, drawing his handclub, leaped at the Chiefs back. For the second time the thunder of a shot rang out and the attacker fell dead, his club still upraised. This proved to be too much for the enemy: deprived of their leader and under attack on two fronts, they broke and fled into the defensive darkness of the forest. When the Chief regained his breath he ordered the village fired and a retreat. He also managed a nod of thanks in Richards direction that did not go unnoticed.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
When they returned to the camp it was gone. The only indication that it had ever existed were areas trampled flat and newly turned earth to cover the holes dug for human waste. The party never broke pace and continued on deeper into the forest. Richard had been granted the honor of keeping his pistol and the supplies of powder and shot, and this was fortunate because he was unused to a prolonged march and would have struggled if burdened by a pack. The women had obviously gone on before and this had made the track more usable, and Richard enjoyed a further flattened surface by being at the rear of the column. The pace was relentless, and Richard was tired enough to venture a question during a rest period.
Why are we going so fast when our defeated enemy has not the capacity to pursue and engage us? He asked an older warrior in fractured speech. The older warrior winced and then consulted others to deduce the meaning of the question.
We need to return to our Pa to strengthen its defenses; we have more than one enemy, he replied. The march continued for a further three days, at the end of which Richard was totally exhausted. The forest thinned and then fell away, revealing rising ground with rocky outcrops. In the distance rose a steep hill surrounded by spiraling stockades of pointed posts; it was massive and dominated the surrounding areas. This was their Pa, their fortified village, and as they approached Richard paid close attention to its disposition and natural defenses.
The sighting of the Pa had utilized natural defenses. On either side of the narrow track leading up to the Pa scalding hot pools steamed into the air and on occasion, erupted spouts of over thirty feet. Liquefied mud bubbled and spat and the rotten egg, smell of sulfur made Richard want to throw up like the liquid landscape. There was no gate at the foot of the fortifications; ladders were lowered by warriors shouting words of welcome and assisting the wounded to ascend. Richard looked up to see a second wall of sharpened logs overlooking the rising and circling track. Platforms had been built inside near the top to allow defenders to dominate any aggressors attempting to ascend the winding path. The concentric defenses would herd and harass attackers unable to deploy on a wide front, and Richard wondered if cannons would have any permanent effect given that the walls were flexible and could easily be repaired. Finally, they reached the summit to an emotional welcome; Richard saw children for the first time and they saw him from behind the protective grass skirts of their mothers and aunts. The meeting-house was massive, with carved wooden planks adorning the ends of the roof and walls overlooking an open porch. A huge carved figure of a man glared down from the top of a central pole overlooking the doorways; he sprouted a huge erection, and Richard looked away and into the smiling eyes of Pania. He turned as red as the ocher on the carvings. Other buildings crowded the summit, including what turned out to be food storage huts on top of long poles; Richard wondered if the precautions were for marauding animals, but he had so far not seen any. The ceremony over, Richard was taken by a young warrior to the unmarried mens quarters; he would sleep with the warriors from that night on.
On the morrow after morning food, Richard was left to his own devices and decided to explore the Pa from the summit down. It soon became clear that the whole mini mountain was a volcanic area and perhaps a not-so-dormant volcano. He followed some giggling girls carrying gourds to fill with water into a grotto complex that dripped water. Here he found the reason for the Pas sighting: Rainfall, always plentiful, filtered down through porous rocks into catchment pools large enough to supply the tribe with drinking, washing and irrigation water. The caves kept the water cool and free from pollutions. Richard hurriedly left the cave and the girls giggling echoes.
Further down, boiling water too hot to use bubbled and steamed. Channels had been carved into the surrounding rock to channel and cool it in a series of holding pools. The original source had been logged off to prevent children from venturing too close. Richard wound down the spiraling track he had ascended the previous night and watched warriors digging trenches in front of the primary walls to make an assault more difficult. It was hard going, using stone grubbing tools on the rock filled soil, and this gave Richard an idea, based on his classical studies of Julius Caesars defensive strategies. He clambered up and over the lower wall and headed off into the jungle. No one attempted to stop him; perhaps because he had left his precious weapon behind. It did not take him long to find what he was seeking: inch thick hard wood growing straight from the forest floor towards light and life. He cut the wood into stakes a foot long using his sailors knife and sharpened one end. When he had a dozen he returned to the Pa and its bemused warriors. In the base of the ditch he bored holes using a defensive spear, planted his stakes and stamped down the surrounding soil. Finally he covered the tips with moss and leaves to conceal the trap.
When our enemies stamp on our erections, it will be they that squirt, Richard declared. Delighted warriors laughed, slapped their legs and each others backs, and some even fell over. Richard realized that they shared a common sense of humor. Others came to see what all the mirth was about, looked at the stakes, and at Richard with respect. Women and children were sent into the forest to collect more. The warriors applied one nasty addition of their own to the trap: they smeared human waste onto the tips. Richard wandered around the base to the other side of the fortifications where he found that trenches would be impossible and unnecessary: it was impassable marshland.
It was a similar situation to Richards repeated questions to the dock-workers in London. the difference being that Richard only understood one word in three. With Panias help they stitched the tribes situation together. Three other tribes allied to the one they had defeated would combine to attack the Pa and enslave its population. It was not a matter of usurping land, there was plenty of that available for everyone: it was a matter of utu, revenge. It would always be about revenge. There was another reason that made Richard uncomfortable: their tribe had used an outsider and his terror weapon to defeat conventional warfare and tactics, and this was an outrage to the Gods of the offended tribes; only the capture of this weapon and the slaying and eating of the outsider would appease them.
How many enemy warriors will come? Richard asked an older warrior.
We have almost one hundred, and they will have and must need four times that number, answered the older man.
Why so? Richard asked.
When you look at a Pa you must ask how many men will I lose in taking this stronghold, and if the answer is too many you must decline battle. No tribe has warriors to waste, and if victory weakens it then it too will decline and be overcome by a stronger tribe. There is always a bigger fish in the sea.
Richard compared this logic to the slaughter on the European battlefields.
Will we win? Richard asked, but this was too abrupt for the older man; he spat into the ground and walked away.
The word spread around the Pa three weeks later: a large body of enemy warriors was converging on the area from at least two directions.
The attack began without warning and the defending warriors barely had time to take up their positions. Enemy warriors poured out of the jungle and filed towards the lower stockade. Richard had been ordered to stay out of sight because his weapon would be of little use in a mass onslaught and his presence would only incense the enemy. He chose a site near the summit and covered himself in a cloak to protect him from the sun. The enemy deployed along the lower stockade and several backed into the trench to hoist their comrades over the stakes. Their screams caused the attack to falter and halt as they were dragged back out of the trench with lacerated and pierced feet. They were carried to the rear followed by jeers and insult from the defenders, many of them exposing their bums and genitals. The attack resumed later with fern logs being thrown into the trenches and the attackers swarming up over the stakes. Many were clubbed back down to earth by the defenders on the platforms but others penetrated past the first rampart. The attackers, believing all the moss filled trenches contained stakes, wasted time filling them in. This defensive tactic would be the forerunner of the minefields used several centuries later.
Defenders were added from the small reserve, and it looked like the lines would hold until the advent of the second attack. Richard saw them first and sent a boy down to alert the Chief, but the delay proved to be costly. A large number of enemy warriors paddled dugout canoes slowly across the marshes morasses to the far side of the Pa. There they unleashed vine and flax ropes over and around the stockade and began to paddle away. The stakes began to move and lean over in the boggy terrain until the defenders had time to harness and right them by tying their ropes to the second line of stakes. Some could not be brought back to the vertical and the enemy paddled determinedly towards the breach. The Chief used the last of his reserve to hold the enemy out, and the situation looked grim.
If the enemy had pressed on with their attacks that day the Pa would have surely fallen, but for some reason, perhaps having several Chiefs in command, the assault was called off. Both sides attended to their wounded and planned for the following dawn. Richard was to be part of that planning. He had noticed that rainwater had scoured natural channels down the access tracks and that with more man-made channels he could link them up to the scalding hot pools and use them much as the medievals had used boiling oil in castle defense. A tired Chief gave his permission but no warriors to aid in the construction. Richard used women and young boys that night to complete the channeling.
See, Chief Rewi, you now command an army of female and boy warriors, Pania teased, but Richard remained grim and worked them all night. Before dawn they had dug the last channel up to the edge of the boiling stone cauldrons; all Richard had to do was to use precious powder to blow a gap in the rock and let gravitation do the rest. He estimated it would take a complete powder horn to do the job and mentally thanked Guns for his instruction. Richard along with every other defender and attacker waited for the dawn.
With the light came the attackers, who quickly stormed the lower palisades from land and marsh. The attacking warriors fired up by haka fought with a new ferocity that was only matched by the defenders desperation of those who had nowhere to go but their graves. Richard fired his hollow reed of fuse powder and prayed. The explosion caused both sides to pause and look at the column of smoke and stone splinters that spiraled into the air, then the fighting continued. Richard was so intent on assessing his success that he failed to hear a secondary rumble far beneath the surface or feel a slight tremor.
The boiling gaseous water spilled out of the broken reservoirs, sloshed down the channels and then the trenches, cooling as it flowed. The defenders had already built cairns of stones on the tracks to slow any ascent, and the water hit these and sprayed into the air. It was the attackers turn to hurl insults and bare their bums in derision; some even pretended to bathe in the sprays of water. The water did have the effect of turning the track into mud and slowing the upward advance. The attackers insults changed to concern as the water grew hotter, and then to horror as they began to get scalded. The warriors leading the attack tried to turn around and run back, but the press of the men behind them prevented this and the defenders speared the writhing mass unmercifully. Only those near the marsh found the protection of the cool water. A conch horn sounded and the attackers withdrew, carrying their dead and burned with them. The defenders were too exhausted to harry them. The battle was over and the Pa stood intact.
That night the air was rent by grieving relatives crying for their dead and the pain filled sobs of the wounded. Richard applied all his medical skills but with limited medicines and inexperience in dealing with wounds inflicted by clubs and spears could do little apart from setting broken bones.
The dead were in their graves for less than a day when Papatuanuku, Goddess of the Earth, spat them out and achieved what man had failed to do: the complete destruction of the Pa. Richard was near the meeting-house when the first tremor struck. He had never heard of an earthquake and the heaving earth, the great rents in the ground and the rumbles from deep below filled him with primeval terror. The elevated food storage huts swayed in several directions before crashing to the ground. The meeting-house collapsed in a pile of splinters and dust and the boiling water caverns ruptured and swept into the fresh water cisterns, poisoning them forever. A massive rupture opened on one side of the Pa, throwing out sulfur clouds and swallowing up those trying to flee. Many families jumped into the marsh to avoid the tearing terrain, but the marsh churned into mud and sucked them below. Richard remained frozen in terror on the spot, and this saved him and others who remained near the summit. Then came a brief period of complete and utter silence; not even a bird had the audacity to call. Then came the human moans and screams on a scale far greater than after the battle. Richard found Pania bruised but alive, and together with other survivors, helped the wounded and the dazed out of the ruined Pa and into the relative safety of the jungle. Ironically, they reoccupied the enemies camp that had been hastily abandoned.
Two days later Richard was summoned to the Chiefs temporary hut to receive a long and last speech from the great man. The Chief had aged over the last weeks: his face had become furrowed and black bags hung under his blood-shot eyes. His voice, however, remained as strong and deep as ever.
Generations ago our ancestors came to this coast so that our people could cook our food in salt water to prevent sickness and deformities, and we prospered. They came from a land of lakes and mist many cycles of the moon away beyond the sunset, and it is thereafter we have hidden and preserved those sacred carvings we cannot carry with us in the mud that we must now return. In my heart I would ask you to come with us for you have mana, the knowledge that would prepare us for the coming of others like you, and you have given my daughter Pania the gift of new life. The Chief was choosing his words with such care that he did not see the shock on Richards face. But I must make my decisions as a Chief, not as a friend, and I fear that if you journey with us with your weapon our enemies would follow us to the ends of the earth to gain its secrets and power. You see Rewi, the legend is already growing: the two shots fired at our enemy have become twenty. The distance it can kill at has become fifty paces, not five, and the power needed to fracture rocks is now equal to that of Papatuanuku herself. Indeed our Spiritual Elders have blamed your unnatural powder for insulting the Earth Goddess, for violating the tapu on our sacred burial sites and exposing us as a target for our enemies. Explain to me, Rewi, how is this powder made?
It is made of natural ingredients, Sir: the yellow sulfur you can gather around the thermal areas, the charcoal from the residue of fires, but the third is mined from rock called Nitra and I do not know if it lives in this land.
Rewi, if you travel with us, part of your heart will always be with your own people and you may never find peace. You must go to the villages of our enemy and gift them your weapon. Explain the rock they must find to make the powder and they will search for it forever rather than search for our people. I believe your people will return to our land and that you will be reunited with them one day; now come let us share our breath for one last time before we leave, and then you must find the strength to farewell Pania.
When they touched noses, Richard cried.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
The last task that Pania had completed for Richard had been to pack his weapon and munitions into a decorated parcel suitable for a presentation to a Paramount Chief. She had then run away, too upset to say goodbye.
Richard carried this parcel before him as he approached the former enemies village. The tribes defeat had been so complete that Richard had encountered no guards or hunting parties until he approached the villages gates. Here he sat down and waited while confusion reigned within. At times older warriors came to observe him before returning to what Richard imagined was a meeting or perhaps a council. Finally deciding that he was no immediate threat, he was bundled into the meeting-house and sat before the Chief and his advisers. Richard surprised them by asking in their own language if he could explain his presence and they agreed.
He told his shocked audience of the earthquake and complete destruction of the Pa, of the tribes decision to return to their ancestral homelands and his exclusion from that journey. He offered his weapon up as a gift to the Chief promising instruction on its use and advice on how to make gunpowder. Richard glanced at the Tribal Elders and observed that they too had made the connection between the foreign weapon and the Goddesss response, and they looked apprehensive and concerned. The Chief only looked greedy.
What do you want in return for this gift? The Chief asked bluntly.
Food and shelter, Great Chief, outside the village on the headlands so that I may keep watch for the return of my people, Richard replied.
The Chief ordered the parcel unwrapped and took up the pistol, marveling at its weight, the finely worked engravings and the exotic woodwork.
Your gift is accepted, he said, and a collective sigh breathed around the meeting-house. Richard relaxed for the first time since his arrival.
The days dragged into months and Richard completed his side of the bargain by instructing the Chief in the pistols use and maintenance. The Chief had a flax holster woven and wore the pistol and powder horns around his massive neck at all times. He looked like a large brown primitive pirate. Piles of sulfur and charcoal grew and were kept undercover, but whatever white powder the Chiefs searchers returned with failed to ignite the mixture. The Chief promised greater rewards and the search continued far beyond tribal boundaries.
A hut had been built for Richard on the headlands with a wide view of the sea, and food and water were supplied daily. Richard built a signal fire on a rocky outcrop and maintained a supply of dry wood and green for smoke, but it was never used. After six months Richard was in a state of despair and resolved to somehow follow his former tribes trek into the interior, but when he searched for a track or evidence of the migration he found nothing.
Smoke and smell awoke him late one morning. The vile smell was unlike anything Richard had encountered previously, and it caused his throat to smart. He dragged on his shorts and shirt and ran to his signal fire. A large ship had entered the bay, but it was unlike anything he had seen before. At first he thought the ship was on fire, but on closer scrutiny he saw that the fire was controlled and contained in a large iron cauldron  but it was the scene on the shore that attracted his utmost attention. The carcass of a huge whale had been beached and butchers swarmed over it, cutting up the blubber with long knives and feeding it to fiery tripods that gave off the awful smell.
Gathering at the edge of the forest was a war party from the tribe and they did not appear to be happy. Richard slipped on his canvas shoes and ran for his life to prevent another massacre. With barked shins and welts on his arms he managed to intercept the party before they confronted the whalers.
What are these pale ones doing that affronts you, brothers? he managed to pant. The Chief for some reason was not present and an older warrior answered in his stead: These giant fish seldom come to our shores and when they do, are treated as sacred. These violators take not what they need for food but burn the creatures and store their essence that is the affront.
Let me talk to them, brothers, I know that they have the powder that is much valued by your Chief, let them pay for their violations with this. The party nodded agreement at these wise words, mindful of their Chiefs passion for powder.
Richard stepped out of the forest and approached the whalers, who stopped all activities and snatched up weapons. He took off his once white canvas shirt and waved it at them. I am English and have been stranded here. It was all he could think to say.
We are Americans, advance carefully or you will end up stranded like this whale, came the reply accompanied by coarse laughter. Richard kept his hands in sight and walked slowly towards the suspicious whalers.
My name is Richard Digby, off the exploration ship Subtile out of London, he called out.
My name is Sebastian Hood, First Mate off the whaler Horizon out of Nantucket Captained by Nathanial Smith; put your shirt on, young man, and advance to join us, replied a large bearded man with bright blue eyes and missing an ear. The rest of the party smiled and relaxed, and some of them grounded their weapons. Richard issued a warning
Keep your weapons at hand mates: there is a native war party in the forest most unhappy with you breaking their tapu and killing their sacred whale, but I may have a way to placate them  at least until we can make it back to your ship.
Those that had grounded muskets hastily retrieved and presented them; Nathanial scowled and loosened his pistol.
How many of the savages are there, young man, and how are they armed? Several of his party looked alarmed: they were whalers, not marines.
Enough to survive your first volley and club us all to death and they are utterly fearless, but I believe they can be bought off with a flask of powder, said Richard.
Powder? Do they have firelocks then? Nathanials voice carried more than a trace of worry.
Nay, lied Richard, they like to throw it into their fire watch the flare up and say oooh. The party relaxed just a little and some chuckled.
Joshua, give him your powder flask. Henry row back to the ship, inform the Captain of the situation and request his orders the rest of you, start packing up, we are close enough to finishing. God go with you Richard. Nathanial laid a supporting hand on Richards shoulder. Richard traipsed across the sand and disappeared into the forest.
The pale ones are sorry they have unknowingly broken your tapu, brothers, and they offer this powder flask in apology, they will leave the bones, teeth and head of the whale for your people and promise another flask if they can water and leave,. Richard said, somewhat extending his authority. It would be wise if the Chief did not display his weapon  they are unaware of its existence, finished Richard. A runner carrying the flask returned to the village, Richard returned to the shore, and the longboat returned from Horizon.Captain Smith is pleased to welcome you aboard Horizon, Richard, and save you from the heathen hell; he is also short-handed, Nathanial said to himself. The Captain also desires, that we take on fresh water and food if the savages are open to trade, Nathan finished.
I am sure another flask of powder would ensure that, replied Richard, and it did.
The trade was completed without any contact between the two people. Richard acted as the go-between, guiding the whalers to a fast running stream and the tribes to food consisting of sweet potato, water cress and smoked fish to a clearing near the edge of the forest. Captain Smith generously supplied a small barrel of gunpowder, unaware of the power he was conferring on the Chief, and the Chief responded by gifting the Captain a fine cloak of rare birds feathers, a taiha long club and a jade meri hand cub. For Richard there was a sewn-up flax bag.
Do not open it until you are far out to sea Rewi, and do it when you are alone: it is a gift of great value, instructed an old warrior.
Richard looked at the people who had never accepted him as one of their own but had always displayed courtesy and understanding and felt the back of his eyes prickle. He grasped the old warriors hand in the way of the pale ones.
Farewell, he said.
Farewell, the old man replied.
Richard watched the land recede from the deck of the Horizon until it hid behind a white cloud, then made his way to the stern. He had an appointment with the Captain.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Enter! came the reply to Richards knock on the Captains door. Richard entered and found he looking at the Captains back. Captain Nathanial Smith had positioned his desk to look out the wide stern window, and he spun around on a swivel chair that was fastened to the deck.
Welcome on board Horizon, Master Digby; you may take a seat while you relate your adventures that led you to be abandoned on a heathen shore.
Richard did so, but avoided sensitive details as to the wealth Subtile had accrued and the means used to obtain the same. He was likewise deliberately obscure as to navigation and the ships positioning, but the Captain seemed satisfied and only sought clarification on weather and sailing conditions.
Now, young man, we must get down to business matters. My beloved wife will rejoice in the fact that I have saved a Christian gentleman from the clutches of Godless savages, but I have to show our company a profit. I take it you have no money?
None, Sir.
Then you must work your passage, young man. I will sign you on as a deck hand and you will receive a small share of the profits from any future catch, but I must point out that we need only one more sperm whale to achieve our target of five hundred tons. The First Mate will assign you quarters and watches. The Captain began to swivel before Richard delayed his dismissal.
There is on other matter, Sir.The Captain raised his eyebrows. The heathens have presented you with gifts, Sir  if I may retrieve them from outside the door?
You may.
Richard gathered up the cloak and clubs, leaving his basket beyond the door. The Captain was both delighted and dismayed by the gifts.
The cloak is magnificent Digby; how could such a backward culture manufacture such a garment? But I find the savages weapons offensive and you may keep them, they may fetch you some well-needed funds for your future, whatever God decides that is. The Captain completed his 180-degree swivel.
Richard was assigned a hammock in the crews quarters as far away from the companionway as possible. He was to start again, even lower in the pecking order than he had on Subtile. The hammock next to him was obviously in use, with items of clothing folded neatly and more alarmingly, a seven-foot long harpoon tipped with vicious barbs lashed to the bulkhead. There was a gap where four hammocks had once swung, with kit bags and trunks stacked and lashed to the deck, and then the remaining hammocks of the watch clustered around the door-way.
Richard dropped his few possessions into his hammock and was about to report to his watch officer when the bunkroom grew dark. A huge figure completely blocked out all light from doorway, and when it straightened up after entering Richard saw a native as tall as the harpoon and as wide as the door coming towards him.
My name is Squanto and I from the Wampanoag people of Canopache, the place white men call Nantucket. No need you go on watch, soon finish, I sent to tell you duties. They put you beside Indian, you used to natives they say, white mans fun. He offered the largest hand Richard had ever seen and he grasped it expecting to be crushed, but the shake was surprisingly gentle.
My name is Richard Digby and I am more of a stranger to these people than are you; I will need your help.
You now my friend, no need help, I show you duties, tonight we talk again.
After his instruction Richard was allowed to wander the ship and make himself familiar with all aspects of life aboard a whaler. Firstly, there was the stink of whale oil  it was everywhere: in the holds, in the air, in the ships timbers and even under ones skin. Horizon was different in every way from Subtile: no fine lines, gracefully raked masts and the need for fast sailing; instead, Horizon was longer, far beamier and deep drafted, a solidly constructed vessel built for harsh conditions and heavy work. Not a ship you could fall in love with, thought Richard.
He returned below to the empty bunkroom and undid the stitching of his gift basket. He gave it a shake and heard a hollow rattle. He put his hand in and drew out one of the objects. At first he thought it was some kind of coconut  but when he realized what it was, he dropped it back into the basket as though it was red hot. The hackles on the back of his neck rose, his stomach gave a lurch and his heart pounded beneath his ribs. When he managed to control his breathing, he retrieved the object and gave it a close scrutiny. Sightless eye sockets, half covered with dried lids looked at him from a shrunken skull of a tribal warrior. The quality tattoos suggested he was once a Chief. The dried lips had shrunk back from the mouth, leaving yellow teeth in the rectus of a smile and lank black hair sprouted from the dried scalp; it was the most disgusting object that Richard had ever seen. Richards first inclination was to run topside and heave the basket into the ocean, but pecuniary necessary overruled his initial revulsion. Such a gruesome artifact from a newly-discovered savage land would demand a price that only the very rich could afford, so he re-stitched the basket, took up the long club and sought out Sebastian the First Mate. He found him legs astride on the quarterdeck, his eyes taking in the set of the sails, the haul of the boat and the pitch of the sea.
What is this, Digby  come to take over the ship, have we? he said, not unkindly.
No Sir, I am in need of a chest and would trade this weapon for such an item, Richard replied. The First Mates eyes lit up.
You may take your choice of those of the late departed as they have no further use for them, said Sebastian, I will arrange another receptacle later. Richard left him swishing the club as if dispatching piratical boarders.
Back in the bunkroom Richard selected the only chest with a lock and key, removed the pathetically few possessions and secured his own few items. He fashioned a cord from sail thread and placed the key around his neck. Eight bells called him to his first watch.
Although exhausted after a four-hour watch where Horizon plunged ever deeper into the Southern Ocean, Richard found the energy to tell Squanto his story of life with the natives before his rescue. Other crewmates had gathered by the door and ignited foul pipes; they were playing some game of dice but did not speak. All sailors love a story.
Richard told of his voyage on the Subtile exactly as he had to Captain Smith, but omitted nothing about his experiences with the two tribes. When he finished Squanto gave a long sigh and said, I hope those tribes do not fight the white man as we tried to do in open land. They will be defeated.
They are very skilled in jungle warfare and are masters of defense; they will be difficult to defeat, suggested Richard. May I ask you questions? Richard received a nod. What happened to those missing crew members?
They were killed by whale, some say whale attacked but whale gentle creatures; this great one surfaced under longboat, spilling crew in sea and in fright smashed down tail killing four. Squanto shrugged as if it was all part of a whalers life.
But why are you so far away from the Americas; are there not whales closer to home? Richard asked. Squanto nodded as if he had expected the question.
Many right whales off coasts, but the sperm whale has wax in head that makes bright flame and pays bounty like on us in time past. Squanto glared at his crewmates but they were talking, engaged in their game and not listening. Captain says he chase them to end of world, but we need to catch only one more.
Tell me about your people, asked Richard gently.
My people are no more, Squanto began sadly, I am last Sachem. We called our lands Canopache, place of peace, but white men came, no bring peace but war. We fight but were destroyed; only four hundred left and white mans sickness took them. No one left but me on whaler. Now other tribes move into poor land not wanted by whites; soon other tribes have same fate as more whites come. Squanto turned his face away and remained silent in his hammock. The dice game came to an end and the rest of the watch did the same.
Richard had never worked harder in all his young life. His hands became raw from lines and canvas, his face became leather from the wind and hail, and when ice appeared on the yards, frostbite added to his misery. Compounding this was that he was often placed on consecutive watches and the Captain used Richards bursarial skills to complete the ships accounts. On a bad day he would grab only four hours sleep. All these trials would have been more manageable had the food on Horizon been adequate, but it was at best barely palatable and at worst disgusting. The cook, an angular man with a gamey leg courtesy of a shipboard accident, never washed his hands and had the capacity to destroy any nutrient residing in food bordering on rotting by boiling it to death or smothering it with lard. The smoked fish bartered from the tribe was rendered down to a tasteless mash and only Squanto could intercept it and share it with Richard, marinated in oil and served with drooping watercress. The officers fared only marginally better in that they had first call on the concoctions.
Richard was in the Captains cabin attending to the accounts, and in the process learning more about whaling. The white wax Squanto had referred to was called spermaceti and was located in front of and above the skull. The government paid a bounty on the waxy substance that burnt with a bright flame, but this was expected to be withdrawn: hence the Captains desire to fill his ship before returning to Nantucket.
Thar she blows! The strange call from the masthead filtered down to Richard in the cabin, and he hurriedly completed his accounts and hastened up on deck.
The southern sea had settled into a gray heaving mass, and in the short distance a waterspout fell back into the sea followed by the sounding of a very large sperm whale. This leviathan of the deep soon resurfaced and blew another jet of water discharge, oblivious to the fact that Horizon was hurriedly lowering boats and filling them with big powerful men armed with a variety of barbed and barbless weapons. Squanto stood proudly in the bow of the first boat out of the davits hefting his massive harpoon. Richard watched in awe.
Trust our Captain Smith to run down a lone sperm whale in this vast expanse of southern ocean. Sebastian had joined Richard at the rail. Observe well, young Dick, the most dangerous occupation on the sea; you may never see another.
Three boats had closed to within fifty yards of the giant whale that seemed unaware or unconcerned of their presence, but that was about to change. Even at the distance Richard could see the calf muscles and biceps of Squanto bulge as he prepared to launch his harpoon into the whales heaving side. With a primeval yell that could be heard on the mother ship, Squanto cast long and straight, his harpoon burying deep into the whales body. Ripples of shock radiated out from the deeply implanted barb like water on a pond, the giant reeled itself out of the water, plunged deep into the ocean to rid itself from the torment, and then the playing began. Squanto shifted to the stern of the whale-boat, the crew hurriedly shipped oars, and a leading seaman began pouring cold water from a bucket onto the smoking line as it uncoiled and raced through the hawser.
The whale sounded long and deep and Richard had no way of knowing how long the line was, but he could see the leading seaman take up an axe, ready to sever the snaking line should it threaten to reach its end and drag the boat under. The other two whale boats rowed furiously to catch up and support their careering crewmates. Just when the prey seemed lost, the line went slack and the men cheered. Minutes later, that seemed like hours, the giant surfaced, burst into the air and then crashed down onto the surface of the sea. With a defiant spout the whale dived again and the hair-raising procedure was repeated. Three more times the stricken whale surfaced, and sounded each time shorter and slower until it rested, exhausted, on the surface. The whale-boats closed in like sea wolves and lanced the hapless creature to death. The sea turned red.
The whales carcass was hauled alongside Horizon and secured. Men armed with razor sharp flensing knives swarmed over the dead creature and began cutting its blubber into strips. Richard was excluded from this dangerous work because the carcass moved in the swell, nor was he strong enough to heave the strips into the try pot stationed amidships; instead he was assigned to keep the fire blazing from the supply of lumber in the hold. This was far from an easy task as the dried wood burnt quickly and with great heat. Richard had no break from clambering up the ladder, one hand for the ship and one for the bundle of wood to keep up the required heat. Too much fire would endanger the ship and a ships pump stood by in case sparks or spitting timber fired the deck.
It took all day and most of the night to dispose of the whale, and Richard was glad he was spared seeing the flayed and butchered remains of a once proud whale and the worlds largest mammal sink beneath the wake of the departing Horizon.
Before Richard collapsed into his hammock Squanto brought him some cooked whale flesh. He initially recoiled in horror, but the giant Indian gently explained and encouraged him.
I have prayed for the spirit of the whale Richard, and thanked him for the bounty of his nourishment. This strong healthy food, and you need it to survive the voyage. All crew no eat but they fools and waste much, eat.
Richard did and was pleasantly surprised at the fine texture and taste. He added his prayer to the spirit of the sperm whale. 
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Squantos supply of whale meat changed from fresh to smoked and finally salted as Horizon, powered by the roaring forties, dashed towards the Van Hoorn Cape. Richard observed the ominous signs of the main-braces being tied to the decks and lifelines rigged along the bulwarks. Horizon was being prepared for rough weather. Assigned lookout duties, Richard froze in the rigging and only the fear of icebergs in early summer kept his freezing eyelashes aloft. How he was expected to see them in the night was never explained to him, but the Southern Ocean often glowed with unexplainable light, and when the sky was clear, stars and moonlight added to the illuminations. When it was not, they were in Gods hands.
To Richard the arrival at the Cape was something of an anticlimax. The sky was gray but high, and the westerly gale blew Horizon towards the narrow Straits of Magellan. Ugly black rocks rising to over fourteen hundred feet marked the southern tip of South America and watery grave to many luckless ships.
In the space of ten minutes the world changed.
The gray sky became black and dropped to the surface of the sea like a stage curtain. Rain slashed down, then turned into hail that raked Horizons decks like grape shot.
The Williwaw! Squanto shouted into Richards ear as he tied him to the lifeline. The wind, as if enraged by being funneled into a narrow passage, increased in velocity and threatened to drive the sluggish Horizon towards the rocks. The waves, having no interruptions across the Southern Ocean, grew in size and smashed into the ship, causing it to plunge then struggle, groaning to resurface with water streaming from its bow ports and hawser holes. The storm mizzen sail blew to shreds and flapped uselessly, leaving only the storm gib to provide some degree of motive maneuverability.
Richard chanced a glance at the quarter-deck and saw the helmsman, Sebastian and Captain Smith locked to the wheel in an embrace of life and death. Somehow they coxed the reeling ship through the Strait and into calmer weather beyond. The wind, as if in frustration, gave a final ear splitting shriek, then simpered to a simple gale.
Sebastian unlashed him and came forward to give Richard a clap on his back.
You can now wear a gold ring in your left ear, young Dick, he shouted and left Richard wondering.
Richard expected the lifelines and storm rigging to be taken down and when no such orders were given, questioned Squanto, who explained, Williwaw gone but Pampero soon comes!
The winds they called the Williwaw had only been an introduction, and Pampero hit them chapter and verse less than a day of sailing clear of the Hoorn. Temperatures plummeted, as did Horizon, into the deep troughs, and the winds threatened to tear the rigging to ribbons. The only consolation was the Horizon was able to stand off the coast and avoid destruction on the forbidding rocks. Stand off and suffer the intense velocities of changing gales and mountainous waves and below zero temperatures. All the rats aboard died and only the cockroaches thrived. Humans barely survived, and then it was over as quickly as it had arrived, and even an apologetic sun made a brief appearance.
Morale on board improved and even an occasional shanty was sung as Horizon sailed north to its home-port, but first she must re-provision at some favorable anchorage off the coast of South America. Captain Smith had hoped to make the same landing he had made on the outward journey, but the shortage of water hastened the stopover. He decided on a bay not unlike the one Subtile found in what seemed to Richard a decade ago; he hoped they would have better luck there.
You may join the shore party, young Dick, ordered Sebastian as the longboat splashed into the sea. Your jungle experience might come in handy, he chuckled to himself, not realizing his clairvoyance.
What food do you hope to gather? Richard asked a sailor who was protecting his musket lock from the sea spray.
Elephant pigs, lad, came the terse reply.
The longboat grounded and was hauled ashore. The shooting party disappeared into the jungle and Richard, having no musket, was forced to join the water group. Water was no problem: the jungle leaked fresh water from deep within the hinterland and it was only a matter of choosing the nearest clear stream. They soon had the casks filled and stowed back on board the longboat. Pipes were ignited and the party awaited the return of the shooters. Muffled shots could be heard from deep within the interior.
The party soon returned with three strange creatures hanging from poles shouldered by staggering crewmembers. As the gutted creatures were heaved aboard, Richard saw that they did indeed look like large pigs and they had an elongated nose that could be mistaken for a short trunk and a strange tail. He was about to ask yet another question when one of the men said Ouch, and looked with amazement at a quill with a ball of feathers at the end protruding from his arm. Like a marionette that had had its strings cut, the man collapsed onto the sand, his body rigid and only his eyes showing life.
Richard quickly assessed the closest distance to the jungle; a dart would have a limited range. Grabbing up the fallen mans musket, he fired into the bushes.
Quickly, load the man into the boat and take cover in the sea behind it. Richard exchanged his musket and ran some distance down the beach before entering the jungle. The men did not question his orders as darts hissed around them and obeyed, fearful of an unknown horror. The tribes had taught Richard that the most feared tactic in jungle fighting was an attack on the flank where you were unable to deploy men who were facing a different front and unaware of the number of attackers. He hoped whoever the enemy was that lurked in the jungle was aware of this fact. Making as much noise as he could, he discharged his musket, reloaded quickly without shot and fired again, and then ran for his life back to the boat. The men saw him coming, launched into the sea and clambered aboard. Richard, wet and exhausted, fell at their feet and tended to the wounded man. He was no longer wounded; the light of life had faded from his eyes, leaving a sightless stare. Richard carefully removed the dart from his arm and wrapped it in a neck cloth.
Captain Smith carefully handed the dart back to Richard after he had completed his report, and avoided touching the tip. You may keep this vile thing, Digby, he said disdainfully, no doubt some physician will be interested in the ingredients of the poison.
Sebastian knocked on the open door.
Burial party have been assembled, Sir, he announced.
On deck all the crew not engaged in attending to the ship had gathered near the stern. A plank was lashed to the bulwark, and on it lay the shrouded body of the dead sailor. The mood was somber, every seaman realizing it could have been them being readied for committal.
Remove headwear, ordered Sebastian quietly.
Almighty God, we are gathered here in your glorious presence to commit Jonathon Peters body to the deep and his soul to your everlasting love. Captain Smith turned the page of the service for the dead. He was a good hand, loyal shipmate and faithful servant to you, his Lord and Savior, may he rest in peace. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, born in your love, may he at last look upon your face. Amen. The Captain nodded, and two of his shipmates lifted up the end of the plank. The body slipped free and the weighted shroud disappeared beneath the waves.
After the service, one of Jonathons mess-mates came forward and presented Richard with a gold earring.
This was Jonathons, but he never wore it. He was a Puritan and distained ornamentation, but we all think you should wear it, young Dick. That night Squanto pierced Richards earlobe.
It was as if Mother Nature or God had granted Horizon a safe passage home after the trials and turmoil of the most extreme conditions any ship could suffer. The weather remained fair and the temperatures grew from balmy to warm to hot then back to cool again as Horizon entered its homeport of Nantucket. Richard was amazed at the reception waiting on the docks but as Sebastian pointed out, a successful voyage meant wealth for everyone who relied on whaling for their income.
Richard felt the complete stranger as Horizon was secured, gang planks lowered and the crew pounded down them to reunite with their loved ones. Richard looked for Squanto to say goodbye, but the big Indian had vanished.
Captain wishes to see you in his cabin, young Dick. Sebastian grasped Richards hand, wished him good luck and followed the others ashore.
I have decided to pay you off now, young Digby, began the Captain. I advise you to slip away quietly and take up lodgings while you ponder your future. May I recommend the widow Higgins: she runs a tidy place away from the waterfront and could use the money. I have been at sea for over a year but suspect the political situation in the Colonies may have worsened, especially here where we seem to have more than our share of hotheads. Take care, not sides, in the first instance, and later you may decide to travel to New York, where you can report on the last sighting and possible whereabouts of Subtile. Captain Smith counted out several pounds; it was more than Richard had expected. The company will reimburse me later Digby, and for now, let me say goodbye and God bless. The Captain stood shook Richards hand and then placed a bag of coin in it.
Goodbye Sir, and thank you, Richard left to retrieve his chest below. On it was a carved soft stone ornament of some nature: Squantos way of saying farewell.
The widow Higgins was a large middle-aged woman of ample proportions and a huge bust. She had a florid complexion, perhaps due to the washing she was forced to take in, and she welcomed Richards booking with a large hug. She smelled of carbolic soap.
Welcome, welcome young Sir, I hope the room is to your liking, follow me up the stairs then, mind your head, we are last century here, this stair board squeaks to let you know someones coming, not that we have undesirables here, let
The room is excellent, Mrs. Higgins, and the rent fair, but I fear I may not be long in Nantucket; now if I may unpack?
Of course, Sir; if there is anything you need do not hesitate to ask  and I mean anything. The widow bounced her ample bum out the door. leaving Richard determined not to unpack. Instead, he secured his money inside the chest and took himself and some change off to the nearest pub and usual source of local gossip.
He avoided the dockside inns and talks of sailing news and instead chose The Hen and Chicken, a more respectable establishment and settled with ale into a dark corner. He was ignored by the locals but immediately became aware of their anti-English attitudes.
The new taxes are crippling and absurd!
Even tea is not excluded!
Why should the Colonies pay off Englands debt?
No taxes without representation I say.
We have paid in blood in the war against the Frogs!
What have Westminster ever done for us?
Stamp out the stamp tax!
To the Sons of Liberty!
Sons of Liberty!
Lets have another round, lads, before they increase the excise tax.
Richard finished his ale and tried to leave without attracting attention, but one of the patrons, a bearded merchant of some style, spotted him and demanded, And what does a nautical man think of these outrageous monetary restrictions?
I am a simple sailor, Sir, but I think no say no pay. Richard tried to edge out the door.
No say no pay, what an excellent maxim gentlemen, please have a drink on us young man. Stay, no pay, what? His large tummy wobbled in mirth.
Richard had to stay and was not allowed to pay. He weaved his way back to his room determined to leave for New York in the morning by land or sea.
CHAPTER NINETEEN
It turned out to be sea. Richard had crept out of the house at first light, humping his chest carefully so as not to awaken the snoring Mrs. Higgins. He had paid for a week in advance.
A fishing boat loaded with deep-sea cod had put in to land an injured fisherman and crew members were glad of an extra hand for their run south to the markets of New York. The schooner was serviced by experienced hands and Richard made quick work of the local shoals and currents. It proved to be a fast, uneventful passage.
The fishing schooner had docked near the fish market and Richard, taken for a local, was spared the harassment any newcomer received on arrival in the fast growing town. He hauled his gear around until he found what he was looking for: a shop that specialized in used clothes. He needed to look respectable when applying for upper class lodgings. It did not take long to select a dark blue naval coat of a type a merchant officer would wear matching trousers, white hose, and a near-new tricorn hat. Richard baulked at used underwear; he would purchase these items new. He haggled over the prices, pointing out the remains of a bloodstain on the coat and finally settled on a figure that did not deplete his modest capital. He dumped his worn out and ragged clothes in a bin as he departed, and they were immediately set upon by several skinny boys.
Superior Lodgings Available for Gentlemen, read the sign in the front window of a respectable house in a favorable neighborhood. Richard clacked the brass knocker and a tall-distinguished man of middle age opened the black painted door. He carried a cane.
Richard Digby esquire, enquiring about your accommodations, Sir, he announced himself.
Colonel Kyle, retired thanks to a gammy leg at your service, Sir, please come in. The Colonel led Richard into what could have once been a parlor but was now used as a study. Bookshelves heavy with leather bound tomes covered the walls and any spare space was occupied by hunting prints or antique weapons. Richard loved it.
Can I offer you a drink young Sir, what is your poison, eh? The Colonel hovered around a drinks trolley that contained decanters of different colored liquor. Richard thought eleven o, clock in the morning was a little early, but answered,
Whatever you are having, Colonel. He received a very large gin with a very small portion of water.
Now, Master Digby, tell me how you came to my door if you please, the Colonel settled back in leather upholstered chair and took a large swallow of gin.
Richard was mindful of the need to be recognized as a man of substance in New Yorks society, so without actually lying intimated that the position he held on Subtile was of officer rank; there was after all little chance of him being corrected. The Colonel took it all in enthralled by the adventures and refilled his own glass several times.
Good God, what a story, they will love you at my club Mr. Digby, now let me show you your room; Mrs. Lovelock services all the rooms every second day. It never occurred to the Colonel that Richard might decline his lodgings. The room on the second floor was perfect, overlooking a park and a bathroom at the end of the corridor. With a handshake, Richard handed over a large portion of his earnings and asked the Colonel a question: Where, Sir, can I find a tailor of suitable quality; I need to replace these working clothes.
Gabriel Goldsmith was a bird-like creature who fluttered about Richard clucking and measuring his inside leg enough times to cause Richard some concern, but in the end he parted with the rest of his pounds and was promised delivery of a fine suit of clothes in the latest fashions but not ostentatious in a week. Richard spent the wait exploring the town.
After the confines of three ships Richard enjoyed hiking around the island of Manhattan. He found the ancient Dutch names of Haarlem and Breukelen rather quaint and questioned whether the wall built to keep out Indians would have resisted an attack by the tribes. The town was full of constructions, including the foundations of a new Kings College in lower Manhattan courtesy of the King.
His hiking was not only sightseeing but also a reconnaissance for future purchases and sales. On the second day he located a gun shop proudly proclaiming Wentworth Gunsmiths London and New York on its shingle. He entered announced by a doorbell and was immediately assailed by the smell of gun oil polished wood and leather. A middle-aged man looked up from assembling a fowling piece and wiped his hands.
How can I be of service to you Sir? he asked with a somewhat surprising polished accent. Noticing Richards reaction, he added, I am Wentworth the younger; my father prefers to run the London facilities alone, hence my banishment to the Colonies.
Richard smiled at the attempt to put him at ease and explained his requirements.
I am a merchant officer and have need of a pistol, not a large tower type  I can gain access to them aboard ship, nor an ornamental pocket toy  something in between perhaps? Wentworth winced at having his prized gentlemens pocket pistols described as toys but produced several larger types with matching prices.
This is a range Sir, that sporting gentlemen carry when not socially engaged that may suit your needs.
Richard examined several of the pieces: they were of the highest quality with fine silver engraving and carved wood stocks. The prices discreetly mentioned were far outside Richards modest budget.
I fear Sir that these fine pieces are of a quality that far exceeds my needs.
Seeing Richards disappointment Wentworth thought for a moment, then said, A moment Sir, I may have something more to your requirements in the armory. He opened the door of a strong room, entered, and reappeared with a pistol wrapped in oilcloth. This was once one of a pair of Milanese dueling pistols, devoid of any ornamentation for such serious engagements, the lock is simple but made to a very high standard; it would not do to have a misfire in a life or death situation. The barrel is by Beretta, they have been making them since the first matchlocks. He unwrapped the pistol and handed it to Richard, who gave it a close inspection.
The caliber is continental then? Richard asked, mindful of the problem with his previous Dutch pistol. Wentworth looked at him with a new respect.
I am afraid so, Sir; once these existing balls are expended you will have to secure a correct mold, and that is reflected in the reduced price of two guineas.
One guinea is all I have, Mr. Wentworth, if you include a flask of powder, offered Richard.
One guinea it must be, Sir. Wentworth sighed, aware that his profit was still substantial. Richard paid a five-shilling deposit and made arrangements to return next week.
The following day Richard located a ladies millinery and purchased a plain traveling hatbox. He made the smirking and rather effeminate sales assistant wrap the box in a plain cloth.
On the final day before delivery of his clothes Richard discovered a small but exclusive purveyor of arts d object and curios from the New World tucked in between a bookshop and saddler. The proprietor was a Jan Gaesink.
The clothes arrived and they were everything Richard had hoped for: quality, style and subdued tones fitting for a military officer. Colonel Kyle was most impressed.
You must lunch with me at the London Club tomorrow, twelve thirty sharp young Digby; do not be late. Richard agreed; today he would visit Herr Jan Gaesink. The man proved to be of German Dutch origin and was fluent in several languages. He reminded Richard of the stubborn merchants at Capetown but he listened to Richards tale with polite interest.
Staten Landt you say, but was that not discovered by Abel Tasman over a century ago? Herr Gaesinks bushy eyebrows rose up above a pair of piggy like eyes.
It was indeed Sir, but although Tasman had several of his crew murdered by the local natives he never landed nor claimed the land for the Netherlands, answered Richard.
Harrumph, well what is this priceless artifact you purloined from these savage isles? Richard opened the hatbox, and Gaesink unwrapped and gazed upon one the grizzly shrunken heads. He took a deep breath and slipped on a pair of off white gloves; only then did he lift out the head and examine it from all angles. Hmmm, interesting I grant you, but hardly priceless?
It is priceless because it is the only one in the New World, suggested Richard.
And what sum would you accept for this priceless artifact? Gaesink asked with ill-concealed sarcasm.
I do not intend to haggle like some fish merchant, Herr Gaesink: my price is one hundred pounds, stated Richard.
Ridiculous, Sir, that sum is a fortune only the most wealthy could afford, spluttered Gaesink.
I agree entirely  someone greedy like the King of France, Herr Gaesink  and I have an appointment with the French Ambassador this evening, lied Richard. This has the advantage of cutting out the middleman, so to speak, said Richard in passable schoolboy French.
Gaesink waited for Richard to open the door before capitulating. Very well, Sir, I will pay your exorbitant price, but I do not keep such a sum on the premises obviously; please wait whilst I fetch the money from my bank.
Indeed not Sir; I will accompany you to your bank and there we will effect the transaction in a secure location, said Richard. For the first time; Gaesinks poker face gave way to redness and rage.
No money changed hands at the Colonial Bank: Gaesink drew up a check, claimed the hatbox and strode out the heavy doors. Richard opened an account, drew out several pounds and left the bank a wealthy man.
On the morning of the day Richard had been invited to lunch he took a detour to uplift his pistol. Wentworth the younger had been kind enough to add a box to house the pistol, and this caused Richard to change his plans. He paid the amount owed, thanked Wentworth and retraced his steps back to his lodgings. He could not secure the pistol and box in his pocket and was unsure whether he could lodge them somewhere at the club, so decided to avoid any embarrassment.
He was in for a nasty surprise.
When he reached the landing outside his door the first thing he noticed was the door had been jimmied open, splintering the frame. The second was the sound of a metallic strike followed by something being dragged over the floor. Richard quietly withdrew his pistol and laid the box on the floor; it was unloaded and he would have to rely on a bluff. Stepping into his room, he saw a large, dirty and unshaven man dragging his chest towards the shattered door; he obviously had been unable to break the lock. He saw Richard, heard the pistol lock click twice and made to grasp a knife from his pocket.
I think not: I can hardly miss from this distance and you have been paid to steal, not fight and die. Lay on the floor with your hands behind your back and be quick about it! Richard ordered in a commanding voice. To his relief the man hesitated for an instant then, snarling obscenities, reluctantly lowered himself to the floor. Richard stripped away some curtain cords and quickly bound the man hand and foot using a variety of knots learned on board Subtile. He relieved the man of his knife and pressed the tip of it above his eye.
I will ask you one question, and you will answer by nodding or shaking your head, do you understand? The man nodded vigorously. Did Herr Gaesink send you? The man nodded. Richard gagged the man, checked his bindings and loaded his pistol. Making an unexpected call on Herr Gaesink would make him late for his luncheon appointment, but the situation demanded an expedient settlement.
The sign on Herr Gaesinks door read Closed for Lunch, so Richard made his way to the rear of the premises and knocked on the back door.
Have you got ... Gaesink could no longer speak with Richards pistol rammed in his mouth.
No, Herr Gaesink, I have not, but I will have payment for damages or you will be up before a magistrate this very afternoon. Richard pushed the gagging man back into his back parlor. Produce your cash box, you swine, or become yet another deceased victim of crime. Richard turned him around and propelled him into his office with his pistol rammed into his back. Gaesink unlocked his desk and withdrew a small iron cash box. It contained a cash float. Not your petty cash, Herr Gaesink  your monies for purchases, and quickly, or I may become clumsy in my impatience. Richard knocked over a Chinese vase that fell to the floor and smashed into a hundred pieces.
All right, all right I get it, please no more smashing, Gaesink unlocked a heavy chest that was chained to the floor and stood back breathing hard and perspiring heavily.
Ah, this is more like it, now lets see: a new chest, damage to property, insurance protection for your future businesses; ten pounds should cover it. Richard left the few remaining pounds and left via the front door. He turned over the sign to read Open.
Richard was terribly late for lunch and, concealing his pistol under his coat, approached the Maitre Di at the London club.
My name is Digby and I have a luncheon appointment with Colonel Kyle, but I fear I am terribly late, Richard said with a calm he did not feel.
Indeed you are Sir; Colonel Kyle and his friends have completed their lunch and are taking cognac in the smoking room. I will advise them of your arrival. The man flounced off and Richard was kept waiting for fifteen minutes before the Colonel arrived red faced from cognac and anger.
I say Digby, what is the meaning of this? I explicitly asked you not to be late and here you are well after the hours of lunch. I hope you have a satisfactory explanation, the Colonel spluttered.
I believe I have, Sir: your home has been broken into, a robber apprehended and lies bound in my room, and the perpetrator who organized it all made to pay damages and suffer several indignities, replied Richard.
What? What! Good God young man, come up to meet my friends and avail them of this drama, I will send for some refreshments. Richard followed the Colonel up a winding staircase to a first floor chamber stuffed with leather armchairs and several billiard tables. Three immaculately dressed gentlemen, well past middle age, rose to be introduced. All three were men of influence in the Colony.
Sir Thomas Hastings, Under Secretary to the Minister of the North American Colonies.
Doctor John Waverly, Surgeon General to the English Army in New York.
James Ponsonby, President of the Colonial Merchants Guild.
After the introductions Richard was served with a glass of white wine and some cold cuts. He related the incident that caused his tardiness in detail but omitted naming Herr Gaesink, pointing out he had no real evidence against him and that it would be a matter of his word against that of a thief. He also did not mention the sum levied against the man, only that it would cover material damages and a donation to Sailors in Distress. The Colonel and his associates were satisfied, a messenger was dispatched to have the felon arrested, and Richard was pressed to tell of his adventures after his departure from England.
The four men listened without interruption until Richard came to the time he spent with the tribes after being captured. Sir Thomas then interrupted several times to seek clarification and more details: the reasons for this would become clear at a later meeting.
Gentlemen, it is becoming late and I have several appointments to keep; may I suggest we adjourn and meet again for lunch, say, this Friday? Excellent, and Mister Digby, please avoid further incidents if you can; the club does a rather good grilled fish you will enjoy. All five men had to shift their weight forward before struggling out of the deep armchairs.
At lunch the following Friday it was Richard doing the listening and his hosts venting forth on matters political. Their opinions were the complete opposite of Nantucket where the majority would be revolutionaries: the Colonel and his friends were ardent supporters of King and country.
That damn upstart Washington, giving rousing speeches when he was the cause of it all, growled the Colonel between mouthfuls of fish.
How so, Sir? enquired Richard, sounding intrigued.
A decade or so ago we colonists found ourselves somewhat boxed in by the French. They had given up their claim to Hudsons Bay but continued to trade and build forts. They also laid claim to the Mississippi basin, which denied us the opportunity to extend our boundaries east. Furthermore, we feared the French might ally themselves with the Spanish in Florida and attack Georgia. The Colonel paused to take a large gulp of wine. We had no desire to be governed by an absolute monarchy that taxed their subjects heavily and conscripted them into the military. Neither did the tens of thousands of Huguenots who fled Catholic persecutions. In May 1754 this Washington was a lieutenant in charge of a British force in an area called Great Meadows; his superior officer was indisposed. Washington held a colonial commission of course, not a royal one. He learned that a contingent of French soldiers was nearby and surrounded them with his forty men. The French had not posted sentries and had stacked their muskets. Washington panicked and a shot rang out, starting a fifteen-minute firefight, at the end of which ten Frenchmen were killed and twenty-one captured. One Frenchman escaped back to Fort Duquesne and Washington lost, one killed and three wounded. The Colonel paused to take food and Sir Thomas took up the story.
The French were furious, claiming that Jumonville, their officer killed, was on a diplomatic mission, hence the lack of guards and stacked weapons, and this incident led to the Seven Years War at which, as you are aware, the French lost all of their North American territories. Sir Thomas drained his glass. Our Treasury is drained and must be replenished. The colonists are only taxed one fiftieth of that of English tax payers and have gained most from the war, yet they rant and rave about representation, using that as a pretext to avoid their debt. Sir Thomas ceased his diatribe; he was starting to rant and rave himself.
Perhaps we should adjourn to the smoking room, suggested Doctor Waverly.
After the leather armchairs stopped squeaking, the cognac sniffed and sipped, Sir Thomas seemed to gather himself and then asked of Richard. What are your plans for the future, Digby?
Richard appreciated the dropping of titles among equals. I am not sure, Sir Thomas: my duty would be to return to England, ascertain the whereabouts of Subtile and inform the authorities of her last sighting, but I would like to spend more time here in the New World; I may not have another opportunity.
Then let me offer you an opportunity, Digby: the French may have given up their claims in North America, but there are still a few die-hards who remain and are using disgruntled Indians to ferment trouble in order to extend their holdings and gather capital before leaving. The Army is fully committed to keeping a watchful eye on our white settlers and has no spare men to patrol and keep the Kings peace in the interior. With your experience in jungle fighting you would be ideal to root out these malcontents and keep the natives peaceful or at least fighting each other, what?
I do feel, Sir Thomas, that my experience in jungle fighting has been somewhat limited, pleaded Richard.
It is a damn sight more than most of the officers here have had, and I might add there will be a lieutenants commission in it for you, replied Sir Thomas.
A colonial one I take it, Sir Thomas, not a royal commission, asked Richard with a smile. Sir Thomas roared with laughter and slapped his thigh.
It must be a colonial one I fear, Digby, then if you muck anything up we can wash our hands of you, but if you are successful in these covert actions we will not be ungrateful, answered Sir Thomas.
Then I accept. Richard stood shook hands with his companions and then asked to be excused: he needed to send a letter to Nantucket.
CHAPTER TWENTY
During his wanderings around New York Richard had passed by an emporium that had stocked Celtic accessories and apparel as well as the usual range of working clothes, and he returned there with an idea on equipping his soon-to-be formed company. The proprietor was a red haired giant named Hamish Campbell and he had most of the Scottish items on a sale. Scottish immigrants in general were glad to be rid of the atrocious conditions in their homeland and wanted to become part of the New World, not cling to their traditions. The one thing they could not drop was their accents, which remained with them for life.
Material for kilts, ye say? Of course we have most of the larger clans; which have you in mind? Campbell boomed.
It matters little for they will not be worn formally, and I require at least thirty, at a large discount of course, answered Richard.
Thirty! Campbell repeated the number several times while he did the math on the once-only opportunity to rid himself of old stock. I am intrigued, Sir, as to what use ye will put these kilts to if they are not part of a formal uniform, asked Campbell to gain more calculation time.
It is an idea I gained from tribes that fight in a humid jungle: they wear flax skirts and suffer none of the rashes and fungal infections that troops wearing close fitting uniforms do, explained Richard.
Of course they are superior wear, look at your history, Sir: Greeks, Romans all wore tunics, only the pansy Persians wore trousers, and that was only because they rode horses all the time and there is another good reason. Campbell gave Richard a lewd look and continued, Your testicles need to be kept cool, that is why they are outside the body, so a kilt will ensure a better performance in that department, Campbell laughed at his own wit.
I fancy my troops will be fully committed to staying alive, not propagating it, suggested Richard. If you could be good enough to name a price per unit?
Campbell did, but when he saw Richard start to shake his head, made another offer: My great-grandfather, may God rest his soul, imported hundreds of yards of the Royal Stewart Tartan in the mistaken belief that patriotic colonists would buy it, but with the Stewarts long gone and the Hanoverian Georges on the throne ye may have the lot for a few pounds.
Richard inspected the dusty and in some cases rotting bolts of cloth and concluded the deal. He had his uniforms; now he needed his men.
Can I interest ye in a set of pipes? Campbell asked as Richard left the emporium.
The Sergeant of the Guard at the gates of The Duke of York Barracks scrutinized Richards letter of authority and saluted.
I will have you escorted to Major Williams at the regimental headquarters, Sir: Colonel Bracewell is indisposed  Jones! He screamed, Richard flinched, and a worn-out looking soldier hastened out of the guard-house, buttoning up his tunic. Take Lieutenant Digby to Major Williams at H.Q.  and put your cap on straight!
Major Williams looked as if he shouldered all the responsibilities problems and inadequacies of the regiment, and he did. Powder from his wig dusted the said shoulders of his red tunic. He re-read Richards authorities to form a light company and requisition arms and supplies before sighing and settling back in his chair.
Damn it, Digby, we have enough problems filling our ranks with experienced troops as it is without you siphoning off our best skirmishers; this could not have come at a worst time the Major complained.
With respect, Sir, I do not wish to relieve you of your specialist troops but rather your misfits, your malcontents and your ill-disciplined. I intend to train an irregular force suited to fight Indians in their own element rather than deploy on a battlefield, explained Richard.
What? Well, that is all right then, and the best of bloody luck to you, glad to have them off my hands, replied a much-mollified Major. Sergeant Major, he called, and a veteran senior non commissioned officer marched in and stamped to attention.
Sir!
Lieutenant Digby will explain his needs, and make sure he gets only the worst that we have; you are both dismissed.
Richard explained and the Sergeant Major looked unhappy. Are you sure you know what you are getting into, Sir? he enquired, quite concerned.
By the end of the morning Richard had thirty-eight starters. They came from the guardhouse, the military prison, the infirmary and hard duties. They came from Ireland, Scotland, Englands southern cities, Canada and the German states; all of them looked truculent and all of them looked suspicious as well. This changed to interest when Richard introduced himself and began by announcing that all those who completed training and joined Stuarts Irregulars would be on double pay.
One of the men looked at his comrades and muttered, More like Stuarts Stragglers. The name would stick.
Richard noticed a short stocky man with white skin, reddened where it had been exposed to the sun. Faded patches on the arms of his tunic indicated he had once been a sergeant. This would be OHara, the man the Sergeant Major had recommended to be re-promoted. OHara had been demoted after falling foul of the Major over reduced rations to reduce expenditure and could train any band of misfits into a formidable fighting force. Richard asked him to remain behind after the men had been dismissed and struck off camp duties.
Fighting Indians in the forests, no drills, no duties other than sentry and double pay? Leave the men to me, Sir: the main reason they are all in trouble is there is no fighting, so they fight amongst themselves.
Very good sergeant you may sew your stripes back on; we will begin outfitting the men tomorrow. The Sergeant saluted and marched away, his back much straighter than when he had arrived on parade. Richard had deliberately failed to mention an Indian would train them in forest warfare, albeit indirectly  if Squanto answered the call he had made through Captain Smith.
In Nantucket Captain Smith read the letter from Richard and wondered how the young man had so quickly fallen on his feet and had been commissioned. He decided to contact Squanto; he did not want to lose his best harpooner, but the lone Indian would never forgive him if he later learned of the summons and his failure to pass it on. He would ascertain the Indians whereabouts that very afternoon.
Richard had to pull rank for the first time at the armory the following day
Pistols? They are for officers only, Sir, and I cannot disfigure the standard issue musket by cutting down the barrel length, it would greatly reduce their range and as for long knives well; I do not have any, spluttered the Sergeant-armorer.
Nevertheless you will have all the items listed by the end of the week or face charges of failing to obey written orders from a superior officer; you may salute! Richard left the man livid as his red tunic.
The Quartermaster was only a fraction more accommodating than the armorer when he read Richards clothing requirements.
Dark clothing? All we have are dark blue ex Prussian trousers; I may be able to source some naval coats. Officers shoes are not made for hard wearing, and as for leather leg bindings I may be able to supply them from cavalry equipment. Snakes, you say? Wig powder but no wigs? I will do my best, Sir.
Richard did not even try to have the kilts border-stitched; he would have them made up by a civilian tailor and introduced when they were on the trail.
The men must be able to move very fast through the forest, Sergeant: their very lives may depend on it. Richard and OHara were on the outskirts of a large track of unused land that was as near to a forest they could find within marching distance of New York. The men were nearby, recovering from the forced march and drinking too much water.
Motivation will not be a problem, Sir, after I describe the Indians methods of mutilating their enemies bodies, replied OHara.
Mutilation? This was news to Richard.
Yes Sir, they mutilate the bodies so their enemies cannot enter the afterlife whole: penises and testi
Spare me the gruesome details, Sergeant; have the men sprint train over a quarter mile distance, and tell them to ration their water  some of them have emptied their flasks already.
Richard was tempted to train with his men but had too much administrative work to complete, so he would have to train alone in the mornings. He watched his men curse and then save their breath as OHara drove them through underbrush that tore their clothes and bodies. Their well-made officers shoes were already showing signs of wear but should hold out until they could be replaced with more practical moccasins.
Right lads, ten minute rest, then we will do it all again, this time with rocks in your packs, ordered the sadistic Sergeant. The men were too tired to moan.
Feeling only a little guilty, Richard re-mounted his horse and rode back to the barracks. He had to explain to the paymaster why he had authority to pay eighty-two soldiers, had recruited only thirty-eight, yet was drawing the full amount.
To the north someone else was racing through the forest, but unlike Richards company he made no noise, moved faster and read the forests signs as he ran. Squanto had answered Richards call.
Richard met his match in the Regimental Paymaster: Patrick Lovett was a senior lieutenant who in matters of money made Subtiles purser look generous.
Let me make it plain to you Digby: your authority comes from the Colonial Office not the English Army, who have refused any further responsibility or funding for your irregular raiders. You may keep any weapons, stores and equipment you have accrued; these will be charged to the C.O. and must leave the barracks by noon tomorrow. You have been struck off strength!
It was Richards turn to say yes Sir and salute.
In many ways their new status had advantages: They would no longer be subjected to jibes at the barracks, being ignored in the messes and be accountable to everyone. Camping on the training site would avoid the route march to and from the barracks and they would be away from prying eyes. Richard informed OHara as soon as he returned with his men, and the Sergeant promptly had the men pack up and march out of the barracks. There were no complaints from the men.
For the two following days Richard, now wearing his kilt and subject to snide remarks behind his back, had his men cross rivers and streams, force-march through the humid forests and re-cross the rivers. He suffered the harsh conditions with them. When a cart arrived loaded with supplies, orders for Richard, part wages for the men and a local half-breed guide. Richard nodded to OHara.
Right lads, drop your trousers, the Sergeant ordered. There was a stunned silence from the men. It is a legal order, men, for a short arms parade. The driver of the cart laughed; he was enjoying this. If you do not obey you can return to barracks and receive no pay.
That did it: the men, grumbling about indecency, loosened their belts and pulled their trousers down to their knees. The sight was appalling: every man had a crimson red rash around his genitals; in some cases the rash had been chaffed into sores, and one man was bleeding.
In two more days none of you will be fit for duty and our mission compromised, Richard lectured them. Pull your trousers back up and see how this kilt you all sniggered at prevents such inflictions. Richard lifted his kilt, revealing a lack of any rash or sores. After you have all changed into kilts and applied wig powder to your rashes you may fall out and receive pay. The cart driver and the guide began unloading the supplies powder and kilts first. Richard took his orders from Sir Thomas to his bed-roll and began to read them.
They were simple enough: Proceed to the area west of the St Lawrence River where dissident French traders are inciting the Indian tribes to reclaim tribal lands and using the resulting conflicts as a cover to seize all saleable goods and chattels to sell prior to migrating to a French Territory. Any French or colonial citizen acting in this matter is to be considered an outlaw and either arrested or killed. The guide will accompany you to the St. Lawrence where you should hire another more knowledgeable of local conditions. Monies for same, including the soldiers, will receive double pay on completion of the mission. Letters of authority to requisition and seize also included. God Save The King.
The guides name was Tom; nothing else, just Tom, and he existed in the vacuum between the white mens world and the Indians by acting as an army guide. His Mohawk mother had died of measles when he was three and his father had disappeared, leaving him to be brought up in an orphanage. If he thought Richards company was a strange one he made no mention of it and quickly adapted his movements on the trail to their best speed. After a week on the move he did suggest no more fires if they intended to conceal their presence. After twenty-one days he became anxious and often scouted behind the party as well as the areas ahead. On the twenty-third day he disappeared, leaving no sign he had ever existed. That night, while Richard tossed and turned on the ground and worried about how to reach the great river, he felt a hand close over his right hand, preventing him from drawing his pistol.
Your sentries are not forest smart, Dick Sir.
Squanto had found them.
If the men thought that Richards day-long talk with Squanto would avail them a rest, they were mistaken. Sergeant OHara, on advice from Squanto via Richard made the men practice again and again the skills on how to read forest signs and move quietly.
The men try hard enough Sir, but they are still useless: it will take months, even years, to acquire such skills, lamented OHara.
We, however, only have days but keep at it, Sergeant; at least it keeps them busy, replied Richard and returned to his talk with Squanto.
The raiding parties use the river and some of the Mohawk tribes to strike at the Kahinawakes and steal their stockpiled beaver furs that cannot be traded at Albany because of British regulations? asked Richard, trying to get his head around the problem.
Also to settle old score among tribes that helped French and those who sided with British, added Squanto.
So it is impossible to know when and where they will land off the river and which tribe they will attack next. Just like the Vikings, said an increasingly exasperated Richard.
What tribe are they? Squanto asked.
They cannot pack the goods back to Canada, they would be intercepted at the border  so where could they go? Richard poured over his map while Squanto switched off. There! It must be Louisville, Richard pointed to the old French fortress.
Louisville destroyed by English, said Squanto, waking up.
Yes, but it still has a harbor and good access to the sea, pointed out Richard. It has to be Louisville.
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
The patrol stopped on Squantos whispered command and faded into the bushes beside the trail. A month ago they would have blundered into one another and cursed. Squanto continued his whispering into Richards ear.
Mohawk war party headed east, maybe looking for raiders. If find us they attack, not ask. I think village maybe not far, best we move slowly, quietly east and make wide circle around.
Sergeant, have the men move quietly behind Squanto; I will take rear guard, Richard ordered OHara and watched them move out. Unfortunately, other eyes watched also from a ridge in the distance: the patrol had been spotted.
Richards slow quiet speed was no match for the war partys fast quiet speed and he never saw the blow from a club that knocked him unconscious to the forest floor. He never heard the volley of musket fire, nor did he see branches and leaves ripped off by shot as he was dragged away by two near-naked braves. He came to, was dropped by the braves and forced to run after them, tied with a rope. He fell often and was dragged along until he regained his footing, grazed and bleeding. This real life nightmare continued until the war party reached their village and triumphantly paraded Richard past the conical tents towards the center. Richard had never before felt the intense hate that was directed towards him from the men, women and children of the village. He had been fearful when captured by the tribes people, but now he was completely and utterly terrified, and like animals the Indians sensed it and strained to tear him apart. Women clasped their knives, ready to flay and dismember, and children made faces and mimed his death: but first, the Chief must decide.
Richard was thrown onto the ground before a man of huge physical proportions with a shaven head apart from a rooster-like comb of spiky black hair. He gave Richard a frozen stare and looked at his possessions that had been thrown beside him. His escort stood proudly beside him, silently showing their pride in his capture. The Chief was about to claim Richards pistol when a high-pitched wail penetrated every inner ear, and a wizened old man clad only in loin skins hopped and danced towards Richards possessions. He pointed towards them and canted, chanted, pointed to the sky and then the ground, danced towards the fire and pointed again, then threw a gourd of water into it and then began to dance around the camp, chanting and rattling bones as if to ward off some evil spirit. The women grabbed their children and disappeared, the braves backed away fearfully and, as the bones rattled, even the Chief looked concerned. Breaking the impasse, the old man obliquely approached the possessions, yelled a final curse, scooped up a flat stone and thrust it into Richards hand. It was Squantos farewell gift: an ancient artifact so worn you could hardly make out the markings etched into it.
The Chief barked an order, pointed to Richard and then to the forest: no one would approach him. Richard gathered up his belongings and limped back the way he had come. He looked back once to see braves nock arrows and make menacing gestures with their spears, then disappeared back down the trail.
Squanto found him minutes later and supported him back to his company.
It was your stone gift that terrified them, Squanto. Richard said after he had eaten and rested.
Very old very strong medicine, replied Squanto.
Squanto stopped the patrol and Richard ordered a rest, more for himself than for the company. He had found it hard keeping up to the pace over the last three days, and his bruising and cuts were only now starting to heal.
Trail that way, many signs Indian and white man. Indian prisoners carrying load one way, only white and Indian braves come back. Maybe one month, maybe older not newer, reported Squanto. Must not mark trail, but go to water roundabout way.
They reached the sea in two days and turned north to reach what was left of Fort Louisville. They trudged through energy sapping sand to avoid footprints below high tide, and it was a relief when the smell of stale smoke indicated they were near.
Fort Louisville had once been the strongest and most expensive fort in North America but had a weakness: it had been built by the French as a coastal defense against the British Navy and its defenses faced seaward. The British Army had attacked overland, reduced the fort during the Seven Years War, and some of the heavy oak beams still smoldered over a year later. The smell of smoke changed to a more unpleasant one  rotting flesh.
They found the remains of the captured Indian bearers at the forest edge, twenty of them all clubbed or axed to death. Richard did not need to give any orders; the men searched around until they found suitable driftwood and began to bury the remains. Richards gamble had paid off: the raiders were using Louisville harbor to ship out the stolen goods. He would have liked to tour the ruins of the fort but had not the time; it was the harbor and what might sail into it that interested him.
What are the Indian tactics if they are ambushed? Richard asked Squanto.
They fall back, circle around, then attack, answered Squanto.
We will have to find a place inland and well out of the sounds of gunfire being heard in the harbor, said Richard.
Use trail, this side no matter, advised Squanto.
They found an ideal ambush site less than a mile down the track. A ridge protected one side of the trail from infiltration and Richard set a second ambush to the right and rear. They settled down to wait, eating only cold food.
At dawn on the second morning Squanto shook Richard awake.
Ship came in the night, no lights.
Richard splashed some water from his flask over his eyes to wash the sleep from them. He was in an awkward situation: he should return to the coast and check out the ship, but what if the raiders came when he was away? He whispered up Sergeant OHara, who advised him to go.
We can handle the ambush, Sir, with the Indians help; you are the only one that knows about ships: I say go, Sir.
Richard went, fast; he had no cause to move silently and reached the harbor in under an hour. Crawling the last fifty yards, Richard looked through the last stand of bush, wishing he had a ships glass. A medium-sized merchant ship around 800 tons rode at anchor in the harbor: she was definitely French, judging by the rake of her bow and masts, but she displayed no colors. She rode bow on, no doubt to deploy any bow chasers, so Richard could not make out her name on the stern. There was a watch on board but no landing party on shore. The sea was her moat. Richard had seen enough; he had to return to his men.
The ambush was sprung the next morning. The raiding party, making no attempt to move quietly, could be heard half a mile away; Richards men had plenty of time to check their flints and powder pans.
Steady, lads, fire on my command: first file muskets move forward pistols, then drop. Second file muskets, hold your positions, then pistols. Do not shoot the bearers or you will be carrying their loads. Sergeant OHara was in charge of the first ambush.
Richards orders were of a different type: Fire at will, then pursue; we must drive them away and give the impression we are a full company.
The Sergeant waited until the scouting Mohawks were almost upon them and had sensed their presence.
Fire!
Ten muskets discharged, dropping three Indians and causing pandemonium within the raiding party; it was difficult to see if they had suffered further casualties. Ten pistols fired, causing definite hits, and the Indians faded away into the right of the forest. The volley from the second file ripped through the remaining raiders, causing the sole survivor to throw down his musket and surrender. The captured Indian bearers hugged their grounded loads in fear. They could not flee, being roped to their burdens.
The counter-attacking Mohawks came through the forest like cats. Had they all been moving obliquely they would have been difficult to hit, but most ran head on into the second ambush. Richards men fired, and then charged forward, screaming and drawing their knives. Squanto let out a terrifying war cry and threw his spear, transfixing a brave to a tree. The sight of drawn knives, still-loaded pistols and an unknown number of attackers caused the Mohawks to flee far back into the forest. They did not return.
Richard counted the casualties among his men: one dead from a thrown tomahawk, one seriously wounded from a musket shot and two slightly wounded by knives. The raiders lost six Mohawks, three Frenchmen and one load bearer. There were no wounded; Squanto had seen to that.
There would be no time to bury the dead; Richard had to move fast if he was to take the ship by using a ruse. He had the belligerent Frenchman dragged out of earshot and gave him a choice: I can turn you over to the Indians and let them have their justice. The belligerence was replaced by fear. You can accompany us in an effort to capture the ship in Louisville harbor and any sign of betrayal will mean your instant death, and if we are successful you will live: which is it? Richard asked.
The Frenchman winced, not at the choice of a slow or quick death against life and hope but at Richards atrocious French. I go with you.
It was the Indian bearers turn to choose. Can you speak their language? Richard asked Squanto.
I can speak to them, answered Squanto.
Tell them they are free and may take the dead Mohawks weapons and return to their homes, but also tell them about their brothers we buried by the sea and ask them if they will join us in an attack on the ship and share some of the spoils.
Squanto untied one of the braves and together they untied the rest; he then spoke to them as equals, helping them to regain their pride. They answered without a discussion.
They come to help your attack and to sing their dead brothers into the next world, no want spoils, they are in your debt too much, Squanto translated.
Good; now tie them up again loosely and have them conceal their weapons in the packs. Can any of them swim? Squanto smiled in reply. I will leave behind four men to carry the dead and help the wounded. Sergeant OHara!
Sir!
Can any of our men row a longboat?
Surprisingly, four of them could. Richard called together Sergeant OHara, Squanto and the leader of the bearers. Have the men strip the jackets off the dead French sergeant: the plan requires strict timing to succeed, so listen carefully.
The revamped raiding party arrived at the edge of the forest at noon. The Frenchman, with OHaras pistol rammed in his back, signaled the ship with a wave. The party could see the sun reflect off more than one glass from the ship as they were well scrutinized. After what seemed an age, a longboat was lowered and a crew of six began to row towards the shore. They landed but kept the longboat afloat the loads of beaver pelts and stolen items would ground the boat otherwise. Two of the sailors shouted a greeting to Jean-Paul the Frenchman, who made a tight-lipped reply. This was the crucial moment: an alarm now would leave them with only a partial success if the ship sailed away. The Frenchman played his role and nodded to the edge of the forest where the bearers had appeared. The crew wandered over to inspect the booty; they would receive a small percentage of it. When they stepped out of sight they were quickly overpowered, disarmed and tied up. Their jackets and caps were taken by the four men who could row and two who could not. The new party drove the bearers towards the longboat and began loading, leaving a space in the stern for the non-rowers.
At a nod from OHara, one of the bearers slipped his lead and raced down the beach; he was incredibly fast. A shot rang out and he dropped onto the hard sand.
All eyes on the boat were focused on the incident and did not see Richard Squanto and six Indians enter the water armed with knives and tomahawks and begin to swim towards the French vessel away from the landing party. Had they looked they would have only seen Richards slow breast-stroke; the Indians had swum the first fifty yards underwater.
The longboat rowed not too sharply towards the mother ship with the two non-rowers unable to use their oars because of the load. The Frenchman was in the bow, still under OHaras gun. When they came alongside, it almost all came together. OHara pushed the Frenchman overboard and shot the French bosun in the face, the two non rowers raised the muskets and fired into the French sailors, and the four rowers clambered aboard and formed a firing line. OHara and the two non-rowers followed, but there was no sign of Richard and the Indians.
The sailors were no match for the disciplined fire of the Sergeant and his men and took cover behind comings and the deckhouse, but the other watches were spilling onto the deck fully armed. There could only be one conclusion.
Captain Dupries had heard a thunk on the timber of his stern cabin and was coming on deck to investigate when the firing began.
Merde! He took in the scene and ran to the rail gun. It was the Sergeant and his mens turn to take cover. He blew on the match and was about to apply it when it was snatched out of his hand and a knife prodded his throat. The noise he had heard was Squantos harpoon securing the rope that the Indians used to climb aboard. Richard had entered the open stern window hoping to capture the Captain and was the last on the quarterdeck.
The sight of the savages and the rail-gun trained on them caused the French crew to pause.
Surrender your ship, Sir, and live, or fight on and die, Richard ordered. Captain Dupries slumped in Squantos embrace and ordered his crew to lay down their arms.
We have done it, Richard thought to himself. OHara thought about the Frenchman he had heaved into the water and checked the longboat; he was nowhere to be seen and stayed that way.
Allowing the French crew no time for second thoughts, Richard issued a series of orders to secure the ship. The crew was bundled down into the hold and locked in with guards on the door and hatches, the Captain confined to his cabin with Squanto as a babysitter, the dead heaved overboard, the wounded sent to a makeshift sick bay, and the remainder of the loads brought aboard after a quick burial of the dead soldier.
The Indians swam back to shore and prepared their dead for the final spiritual journey and then disappeared into the forest without a farewell wave.
The ship Juliet had no doctor, so Richard attended to the wounded with what medicines he could gather. As he probed and patched he told the crew members they would be released once they reached New York because they were not responsible for the Captains crimes and had only obeyed orders. The French found Richard rather strange, shooting the hell out of them one minute, then patching them up the next, but they accepted his explanations.
The Captain was a beaten man and terrified of Squanto. He readily agreed to plot a course to New York and take his chances there. Richard had no navigation skills, a fact he concealed from the Captain, but he could read a chart and check the landmarks as they sailed south with the coast on the starboard bow, and he made the Captain aware of this.
Sergeant OHaras detailed search of the ship revealed a pleasant surprise: Juliet was carrying an almost full cargo of pelts and furs worth a small fortune.
A skeleton crew sailed Juliet south, always supervised by armed guards and the Captain by Squanto, who had recovered his harpoon and carried it everywhere, looking like some native Neptune. The weather was kind and the wind fair for the uneventful journey that saw Juliet sail into New York harbor a week later.
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
Well, that has been a most satisfactory conclusion, Lieutenant Digby; well done. Sir Thomas eased himself into a club chair and ordered cognac. Richard, needing a clear head, politely declined.
The ship impounded, the cargo confiscated and will be sold to cover any fines, the Captain and crew repatriated to the island of Saint Pierre. Pity about the one that got away, but even that has a positive outcome: he will spread the word about your irregulars; is it true you all wore kilts? Sir Thomas asked.
We did, Sir Thomas, they are much more healthy attire for the jungles, answered Richard.
Indeed? Well, now we come to the matter of your gratuity; as I promised we will be generous, we have a land grant available, perhaps a Captaincy if you pursue a military career: what do you say to that, hey?
With all respect, Sir Thomas, my father is a sea captain and I favor a similar career: could it be possible to obtain the Juliet instead of a land grant? Richard proposed.
I do not see why not, young man; the cargo of course must go to auction, but I am sure we can arrange a transfer of funds from the land grant to the successful tender of Juliet: consider it done. Now, about the future of your band of ruffians: what do you suggest? Sir Thomas asked.
Commission Sergeant OHara, Sir Thomas; he will never go anywhere near a mess to suffer snobbery and can be relied upon for any rogue mission, suggested Richard.
Harrumph, well, we will see, Digby, Sir Thomas rose and waved away Richards attempts to thank him.
In fact the Army disbanded Richards Irregulars, and their skills would be sorely missed in the looming Revolution.
Richard received a salute from the marine guard on duty at the bottom of Juliets gangplank. He had been expected.
Everything ready and shipshape for you, Sir; if I may sight your deed of ownership, thank you, Sir, if you could just sign this notification of receivership, thank you, Sir: Juliet is now all yours, the marine filed the paperwork into his satchel.
Thank you, Sergeant, replied Richard, looking up at his new possession.
Sir! barked the marine and marched off. Richard went aboard and began a detailed inspection.
Captain Dupries had been allowed to take only his clothes and personal items with him and all the ships instruments and chattels remained on board apart from the small arms powder and shot, which had been removed. The single nine pound bow chaser and two six-pounder cannon had been marked for removal but remained. Too late now, Richard thought, they are now part of the purchase.
Richard lit the lamp in his Captains cabin and tallied up. He had enough money from the sale of the head to refit Juliet and bring her up to top condition, and any future sales of the heads would give him a financial cushion. He would miss Squanto, who had returned to whaling ,but felt secure that he could muster up a good crew at a time when the Navy was considering reintroducing the press gangs. What he would trade in, he had no idea.
With a sense of dj vu, Richard meticulously supervised the refitting of Juliet. The only major reconfiguration he made was to convert the small stern hold into passenger accommodation. It soon became obvious to the merchants, craftsmen and chandlers that Richard knew exactly what he wanted, and fair pricing given the extra expense of some imported items, and they submitted reasonable tenders. Juliet was a working merchant ship and needed far less work than the previously mothballed Subtile, and within six weeks she floated off the dry dock, pristine in her new paint, cleaned copper hull, replaced sails and new rigging. Juliet could never be called a pretty ship, but her solid lines and raked masts drew more than a few admiring glances. All that was missing was work and crew.
The former was solved by Sir Thomas, who had been following Richards progress and awarded him the contract to carry the pelts and furs purchased by his cronies in England to London. This caused animosity among the local ship owners who banded together to deny Richard any suitable crewmembers.
The exception was Andrew McLeod, who was a distant cousin of Hamish, the supplier of kilts. He had heard of Richards exploits and had no love for the local ship owners and their cartel that kept wages as low as possible. His voice carried all the way from the dockside to Richards cabin.
Permission to come aboard, Sir!
Permission granted, replied Richard, puffing from the run to the ships rail.
I hear ye need a crew, said Andrew after introducing himself and shaking hands.
That I do, replied Richard and invited Andrew to his cabin. When they were seated he asked, Will you take a dram?
Aye.
Richard poured a stiff measure of Dupries finest French brandy; it was not scotch but the next best thing and both men savored the distillation.
I think I can help you with a good crew but not a full one, began Andrew.
If you can handle the navigation and the short crew can sail us to Saint Pierre, then we have a deal, First Mate, replied Richard.
Andrew finished his brandy and stood up. Leave it with me Captain but why Saint Pierre?
Juliet hove to well out from the Island of Saint Pierre and edged in towards the shallow bay as darkness fell. The sister island of Miquelon had disappeared into the dark.
Are ye sure you will land alone? Andrew asked, concerned at Richards lone mission. The longboat bobbed on the surface of the water with four crewmembers manning the oars.
One man will not be perceived as a threat to a close-knit fishing community, First Officer, and I could only find one set of left-behind French clothing, Richard answered. Andrew grunted.
Richard pulled the threadbare jacket around him and the grimy cap down to ward off the cold night air as the longboat threaded its way through the fishing boats towards the quay; he thought his garlic-smelling breath was a nice touch. There was a tower overlooking one end of the bay and fishermens huts dotted the shore-line. There was only one sign, Le Quai La Ronciere, fixed to a block wall. Richard had decided against any subterfuge; he would be spotted immediately and would have to rely on the good rapport he had built up when attending their wounded. The gold coins he carried to buy drinks and bribe sailors should help.
Richard found the only inn minutes after his crew had rowed back to Juliet. He pushed open the heavy door and walked in. All conversation stopped. After half a minute a sailor he recognized rose from his table and walked towards Richard.
What business do you have here, Monsieur Capitan, have you come to take us prisoners again? He held his hands up and his mates laughed. Richard walked past him to the bar and laid some coins on the rough timbered surface.
No, Monsieur, I have come to buy you all drinks and hire the best seamen Saint Pierre has to offer. There was a pause, and then the man smiled.
Why dont you join us?
It soon became obvious that the patrons of the inn were divided in two. The ex-crew from the Juliet sat on one side imbibing Richards drinks on one side while the remainder sat scowling on the other refusing the offer. Richard decided to complete his business quickly.
I need to bring my crew up to strength and I am prepared to pay over the going rates, but you will be working with a colonial crew; you should know that before you decide, began Richard in his improving French.
Where would you be sailing? The man who invited Richard to sit answered in good English to avoid the strain on everyone.
To London to deliver your fine cargo, where you will have the opportunity to sign off and return to France or remain for a return sailing, answered Richard.
The men conferred in a dialect Richard could not understand. They all spoke very quickly.
We all accept we are Basques and deep water sailors, not fishermen. He cast a disparaging glance at the other side of the inn. Now how much over the going rate are you prepared to pay?
Richard did a quick calculation: he did not need extra hands to fight his ship, so the extra twelve Basques would be enough  just. Twenty percent, he offered.
Twentyfive, and we do the cooking.
Done. Handshakes all around, another round of drinks, and Richard staggered back to the quay to rendezvous with his longboat that was awaiting his hail offshore. He could see the white splashes from the oars and almost missed the sound of footsteps behind him. Richard was not armed and had left his remaining coin with the Basques, as an advance on their wages, but any would-be robber might not know that. There was a rush of feet and Richard contemplated diving into the sea and swimming for the longboat but thuds and curses caused him to pause. There was the sound of retreating feet and two coming toward him.
You may return to Juliet safely, Captain, we will board at first light for the morning tide. My name is Tubal, said the Basque leader.
Richard had debated with himself whether to mix the watches with Basque and colonial crewmembers but had decided that would have meant an extra strain on his already-stretched crew. The Basque and colonials would have two watches each and one language; both had worked well together as a unit.
Tubal and his party arrived as promised at dawn, rowed out by their wives and older children, and after much kissing and tears came aboard and fitted back into their old quarters. The anchor was raised and Juliet sailed south to pick up a favorable westerly to the southern tip of Ireland then around the south coast of England and on to London. Richard took a deep breath of salted air. Master and owner of his own ship at last.
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
Richard felt justified by taking on a pilot in the Thames estuary when he viewed the clutter and confusion of Londons docks. In the years that he had been away the docks and their parasitical supply businesses had multiplied tenfold.
Slave trade, said Andrew with a look of disgust.
Richard admired the pilots skills as he used the fickle winds to guide Juliet through the armada of merchant vessels large and small to the only vacant pier available.
Berthing costs are at a premium here, Captain  make sure you anchor down river once you have offloaded your cargo, advised the pilot.
Offloading proved not to be a problem: Sir Thomass business partners had been expecting Juliet and within an hour a party of stevedores arrived and energetically emptied Juliets holds of the furs and pelts. Richard had expected a Custom and Excise inspection and duties levied, but all documentation had been processed previously and all Richard had to do was sign the manifests and receive a check from a pimply-faced junior clerk from the Bank of London. He had already arranged for his funds to be transferred there from the Colonial Bank.
Andrew and Tubal accompanied him to Threadneedle Street to uplift the coin to pay off the crew. Tubal and his Basques had decided to sign off and find a smaller boat to sail back to France. Tubal gave Richard a hug and almost a kiss and then, as an afterthought, shook his hand vigorously.
If you ever need another crew, Capitan, send word to Bilbao, ask for Tubal.
Then they were gone, pounding down the gangway, hefting their sea bags and disappearing into the crowds.
Me and the lads will stay on, Sir, if that is convenient; they will soon become restless once they have spent all their money ashore, said Andrew.
Excellent, First Mate, they may stay aboard in exchange for a watchman; pity about losing the cook, answered Richard.
All morning Richard had digested newspapers, studied journals and read reports at the British Museum and Library. So much had happened in his absence and isolation, causing him to think he had been in some sealed time capsule. James Cook had discovered and mapped the land of the tribes, and it was now called New Zealand. The great Southern Continent had also been visited by Cook and was called Australia, but it was empty of people and wealth apart from the indigenous natives. The French had also visited New Zealand on the heels of Lieutenant Cook and other expeditions were planned. Dutch influence was waning in the Far East and the British were strengthening their positions in India. The shipping news had no mention of Subtile since the notification of its sailing over five years ago, but it did list the trading vessel Supreme mastered by Captain Digby, lost with all hands in a storm off the coast of India: his father was dead. Richard became lost himself, in the small memories of his dad before rousing himself an hour later.
At one o clock Richard took a single coach back to Juliet: he had to dress in his best before presenting himself to Lloyds Insurance in Lombard Street.
Entering the building, Richard attracted the attention of a senior clerk who studied Richards hand-printed card with practiced indifference.
Whom do you wish to see, Sir, and I will see if I can arrange an appointment, he spoke through his nose.
You will arrange a meeting immediately with anyone of the board members and inform them that I have information on the ship Subtile, Richard replied.
The clerk sniffed and departed through an ornate carved door. He vaguely recalled the ship being recorded as lost.
Captain Digby, my pleasure Sir, Howard Bentley at your service, Sir. Bentley was a man of average height, well above average girth and a bald head that remained wigless. He was not a board member but was the face that dealt with the public on behalf of members who preferred to remain in the background. His method was to simple talk everyone into despair.
Do have a seat, Captain, may I send for some refreshments? Subtile, you say, do you mind if my secretary takes notes, Captain? A record is necessary to prove continued efforts to find and salvage any lost vessel that has been settled. Now if you please, Captain, inform us, you were a crew member I take it?
Richard told his story from the date of sailing to his marooning in New Zealand. He noticed that Bentleys eyes widened at the mention of the Dutch and Borneo treasures and he checked that his secretary recorded that Subtile was shipshape and fully crewed when Richard last saw it.
Thank you, Captain, you have been most helpful; you are owner of the Juliet I believe: with what do you intend to trade? May I be so bold as to suggest slaves Captain, a fabulously rich triangle: London, Madagascar, slaves to the Caribbean, sugar back to London. You will, of course, insure with Lloyds?
Richard made his escape back to Juliet and changed into his Captains uniform. He had noticed that his civilian attire was somewhat dated and arranged to visit a tailor and then an antique and curio shop in Portobello.
The proprietor was Jewish, a plus, thought Richard: he would have international contacts; on the negative side, he would not be as easily bullied into a high price like the one paid in New York.
How is it that you came by these disgusting heads?
Richard explained.
How can you prove they come from this New Zealand?
Richard pointed out that a description of tattooed warriors was recorded in Captain James Cooks journals.
Are there only these three?
Richard explained the sale of the one in New York and the price received.
That is crazy price: I give you fifty pounds for all three.
That crazy price was paid for and more by the King of France; the price is set; you may come up to it or I will take them to other capitals that I may visit in my travels, replied Richard.
He settled for two hundred pounds for all three. Richard now had a substantial sum in the bank, but if he wished to make real money he would have to buy a cargo and sell it at destination. He would need a loan from his bank.
Richard would wait for his new clothes to be delivered before visiting his bank: it would be prudent to look like you did not need a loan when applying for one. He used the time to hire a French tutor and visit Wentworth the elder at his London gun shop.
How is my ambitious son coping in New York Captain? Wentworth asked after introductions were completed and Richard had mentioned dealing with Wentworth the younger.
Very well, I fear he managed to sell me a pistol of questionable heritage at an exorbitant price. Richard answered.
The old man chuckled fondly. How may I help you, Captain Digby?
Sporting arms, Mr. Wentworth; the Colonies are crying out for them now that sales of firearms are restricted due to the unrest. Not your expensive engraved masterpieces but good solid country guns that are reliable and idiot-proof, said Richard. Wentworth grunted and led Richard to his display racks.
Most of my trade and profit, Captain Digby, comes from custom-made weapons at the top end, but I do stock the odd fowling piece that can use solid shot safely: how many did you envisage?
Two hundred minimum, Mr. Wentworth, Richard waited while the older man sat down in shock. You may source them from outside, Sir, and they do not have to be complete; I will take separate locks, stocks and barrels, and they do not need to be matched. Now, Mr. Wentworth, will such an order attract lower pricings?
It will indeed, Captain Digby: we are talking wholesale rates for such a number. I can source some from the new arms factory in Birmingham, but it is the number of barrels available that will be the problem. Wentworth scratched his head.
You have my card, Sir. I will leave you with a deposit of twenty pounds so that you may begin purchases immediately. Good morning, Sir. Richard left Wentworth still scratching his head.
His clothes had arrived, and the French tutor had departed. Richard had an appointment with a Mr. Brownlow, a manager at the Bank of London. He expected to secure a loan  but fell in love instead.
When Richard alighted from his cab resplendent in his new clothes outside the Bank of London he noticed a carriage and two with an attendant footman standing at the entrance. He was about to open the bank door by himself when it was flung open by a wigged footman who shot a frightened look at Richard and moved to one side. Richard had only just regained his balance when a young lady swished past him with a sigh of silks and bustles. He felt that he had been struck by lightning that melted his bones and super-charged his blood pressure. She was the most beautiful creature he had ever seen. Tall with a milky white skin and an hourglass waist, she carried herself like a princess. A scatter of freckles showed beneath minimal makeup, and her light blue eyes showed more than a passing interest in the handsome young man who quickly stepped to one side, removed his hat and showed a fine leg. A dimple appeared on the left side of her face as she was assisted into the carriage, leaving Richard gaping like a country bumpkin. It took Richard several minutes to get his breathing under control, use a kerchief to remove moisture from his brow and reset his mind for his interview.
I do not foresee any problems in a loan, Captain Digby. Montague Brownlow sat back in his chair and removed a small set of eye-glasses. He was a thin man with a thin smile to match and middle age had done nothing to mellow his ambitions of higher status. His hard bargaining and ruthless recovery of his banks debts had leap-frogged him over more senior colleagues to senior management. You have a substantial deposit with us, plus an unencumbered merchant ship, but may I suggest a floating overdraft rather than a fixed amount, that will give you greater flexibility and more favorable interest repayments. I take it you would be happy with such an arrangement? Excellent, I will have Grimes draw up the agreement. Now while my erstwhile clerk is actioning that, may I invite you to dinner this Saturday? You are quite the talk of the town and many important personages will be delighted to hear of your exploits. What say you, Sir?
I will be delighted to attend, Sir, answered Richard; it was the only comment he had made in the entire interview.
Excellent, I will send my carriage to your dock say seven for a nine o clock start? Brownlow stood, indicating that the interview was at an end.
When the carriage arrived promptly at seven o clock on Saturday Richards heart gave a leap. It was the same carriage that had carried the girl of his dreams.
Allow me to present my daughter Rebecca, Brownlow was receiving his guests at the entrance of his palatial home near the Park. She is invaluable in helping this old widower in all events social. Brownlow noticed a look of surprise pass between his daughter and Richard. Have you two met before?
We almost bumped into one another at the door of the bank, explained Richard, pleased at the pleasant smile on Rebeccas face.
Ah well, welcome, Captain, please avail yourself of refreshments, may I recommend the punch? Ah, Sir and Lady Howard, so glad that you could attend.
Richard walked into the high vaulted reception hall and took a glass of punch from a silver tray held by a uniformed servant.
Eyes off and definitely hands off that filly, Sir; allow me to introduce myself, Captain Briggs Royal Marines. Richard turned towards a slender dark haired man not many years older than himself.
Captain Digby of the Juliet, Richard replied.
I know old chap as will everyone here tonight, I am looking forward to your recitation later on, Briggs had an engaging smile that would attract the ladies.
I am sure you could share similar stories of action, Captain, but why is it that our hosts daughter is off limits, so to speak? Richard asked.
Not an unfamiliar story, old chap: Brownlows family on the maters side once held a title and substantial estates. The last Baron lost it all to gambling and bad investments; he had no male heir and Brownlow is desperate to restore a title, any title. He is new money and not acceptable to the upper crust, so will have to marry his daughter off to an impoverished titled family and hope for a grandson, Briggs lifted another glass of punch from a passing tray.
Good Lord, what does Rebecca think of that? Richard asked.
She is merely a chattel, old chap; her feelings do not come into any arranged marriage: see that thin fop with the large nose and stoop standing by the punch bowl? Lord Haversham, old family unable to pay their servants or the upkeep of their houses and estates; the engagement will be announced after the haggling over the dowry is complete. Another punch, old chap?
A stunned Richard merely nodded.
On the completion of his recitation Richard gave a slight bow to acknowledge the polite applause of the guests. Richard had avoided speaking about himself and had related the events as an observer. He had extracted gasps of horror from the ladies when explaining cannibalism and the savagery of the natives. The males had appreciated the odd French baddie. Richard noted that the Lord Haversham had not applauded but whispered something to a fop on his right who sniggered and avoided Richards glance.
May I suggest that the gentlemen retire to the smoking room for brandy? Brownlow requested.
The smoking room looked more like a library than a den with floor to ceiling bookshelves stacked with heavy tomes and more modern models. There was scant room for the paintings of the hunt and the two large billiard tables cramped the floor space. Everyone sank into deep leather chairs and servants offered tobacco and cognac.
At the first opportunity Richard pleaded the need for fresh air and slipped out the French doors to the terrace.
I thought I would find you here, Rebecca had appeared at Richards side. You are a man more used to windy quarterdecks than smoky dens.
You have assessed me correctly, Miss Brownlow, answered Richard.
You may call me Rebecca, and I shall call you Richard, said Rebecca with a smile that caused laugh lines about her light blue eyes.
Is it true, Rebecca, that you are about to become engaged to Lord Haversham? Richard decided to be direct; he suspected their time on the terrace would be limited.
You are well informed, Richard; I have yet to agree, but my father assumes consent without consultation with his daughter.
I cannot imagine you as a trophy wife installed in a vast mansion and expected to breed heirs to the line and attend boring social occasions, said Richard.
Now it is you who have assessed me correctly, Richard. A cough came from the French doors and Richard looked back to Captain Briggs making a warning shake of his head.
I must go, whispered Rebecca, and Richard grasped her hand and kissed the back of her glove.
Ah, there you are, slurred Brownlow, indicating he was well into his cups. Come and rejoin us: my guests need to interrogate you about the political situation in the Colonies. Captain Briggs gave Richard a wink as he passed.
Two days later Richard timed his visit to the Brownlow residence at eleven a.m.: a time when Montague would have left for the bank and Rebecca would have risen. The butler recognized Richard, ushered him to the drawing room and delivered his card to Rebeccas bedroom.
Richard, what a pleasant surprise, Rebecca swept into the room chaperoned by a maid who sat in a corner out of earshot and concentrated sternly on her needlework.
I had to see you again, Rebecca: we had so little time together on the terrace and I feel we have so much to talk about, said Richard, rather lamely.
Talk about was what they both did, and they found that they shared views, opinions and the love of books. They talked on through lunch and several changes of maids until they needed tea at three to refuel. They parted at the door with Richard placing a chaste kiss on Rebeccas cheek. He could feel her eyelashes fluttering against his.
That night Rebecca could not sleep, knowing that she was deeply in love with Richard. Was he in love with her? She intimately knew that he was and would say so the next time they met but feared her fathers reaction and subsequent actions. She stamped her foot against the sheets: she was of age and could make her own decisions, and damn her fathers titular dreams. She finally fell asleep into lovers dreams.
Richard awoke with a start. He too had had lovers dreams and his sheets were damp with more than sweat. He would court his love Rebecca and damn the bankers broadsides.
I absolutely forbid you to see that young whippersnapper again! Brownlow raged at his daughter. He had delayed his departure to the bank to confront Rebecca at her breakfast. You ungrateful child; after all I have done for you, spent on you, lavished on you, even an education, and this is how you repay me? Clandestine meetings behind my back that have not only the servants gossiping but also half of London? God knows how Lord Haversham will react when he hears of your indiscretions, and I am at a loss to think how you could be so obtuse. I  
I know exactly how that galloping goat Lord Haversham will react, Father: he will demand a bigger dowry and you will be foolish enough to pay it. I have repaid your investments in me tenfold by denying myself any personal life in order to play hostess for you and put up with your so-called gentlemen friends visual rapes and wandering hands; no, do not interrupt but hear me out. The one thing you have never given me, could not give me, is love, and I now have the chance to have that most precious of experiences and will not lose it by marrying your pathetic excuse for a man, Haversham. Never! Rebecca picked up a plate and hurled it against the wall. Brownlow flinched and took a deep breath; never had his daughter spoken to him like that.
You will go to your chambers and confine yourself within. I will engage extra staff to keep you there and Digby without until you come to your senses. Now leave me, Brownlow ordered, and Rebecca gave her father a look of defiance and withdrew.
A Captain of Marines by the name of Briggs wishes to come aboard, Sir, Andrew reported to Richard, working in his cabin.
Thank you, First Officer, please show the Captain to my cabin, replied Richard.
Captain Briggs.
Captain Digby, do you mind if I sit down; there will be less to fall should you strike me, said Briggs with a wan smile.
What on earth are you talking about, man? Richard asked, completely baffled by Briggs question.
Well, Digby, I come as a messenger and they have a historical habit of getting shot. Brownlow has sent me, there being no one else willing to take the risk.
Ah.
Let me pass on his ravings then, we can splice the main brace if the sun is sufficiently lowered. He orders you to stay away from his daughter, of course under the pain of ruining you financially, socially and possible excommunication [sic]. He has hired unsavory types to smash your face in should you ignore his warnings. I did warn you, old chap, Briggs eyed the ships decanter and Richard poured them both a glass of fortified wine.
How has Rebecca taken all this? Richard asked.
She has flatly refused to marry Haversham and has been confined to the house, Brownlow is still pandering to Haversham in the hope he can pressure his daughter into surrendering, but I fear he has greatly underestimated Rebeccas strength of will, answered Briggs. Richard refilled their glasses.
To Rebeccas strength of will, toasted Richard.
The letter came two days later, delivered by an urchin who demanded a second penny for its delivery. Richard paid and rushed to his cabin to read it. The envelope smelled of lavender.
My dearest Richard, by the time you receive this letter I will be on my way to a Grande tour of Italy chaperoned by two male cousins. They are rather cute and embarrassed that my father has pressured them into the task of both escorting and protecting me. The all expenses paid tour has some effect in diluting that embarrassment. It is my fathers earnest desire that the long period away will allow events to settle down and in both mine and your absence and return to what he considers normal. I remain adamant that I shall never marry Haversham and pray each day that our love will somehow overcome all obstacles. I love you Richard and always will. I must finish and have the gardener smuggle it out to you, with all my love, Rebecca.
Richard cried.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
If Brownlow probably had underestimated Rebeccas stubbornness and strength of spirit, he certainly underestimated Richards: Richard moved very fast.
Sign on a full crew for Juliet, First Officer, I delegate the selection of officers and men to you; the sooner we are fully crewed the sooner we can sail, but we must have an armorer, ordered Richard.
Signing a crew during a rare period of peace will be no problem, Sir; I already have a dozen good hands on standby. May I ask where we will be sailing to? said Andrew.
The Bay of Biscay is nice this time of year, First, Richard clapped on his hat and went ashore.
He visited Wentworth and received a report on the number of weapons available and arranged delivery; as expected there was a shortfall in barrels. He also had Wentworth write up a letter of introduction.
He visited Captain Briggs and ascertained that he could not buy commercial quantities of gunpowder, only a few barrels for Juliets three cannon.
He visited the arsenal at Woolich and completed the paper work to procure gunpowder for ships defensive purposes.
He visited the Commercial Bank of England and arranged to transfer his accounts there from the Bank of London.
Richard looked over the crew list with approval: the only officer missing was one experienced in ordnance; he would be forced to take on that responsibility himself. His finger stopped on one name and he looked up at Andrew, with one eyebrow higher than the other.
Mario?
He is Italian, Sir, and speaks French; I thought he might come in handy, Sir, Andrew struggled to keep his face straight, and then both men burst into laughter.
Fully crewed and provisioned with cargo loaded and berthing fees paid, Juliet sailed, surging down river into an incoming tide.
The Bay of Biscay was calm and the wind favorable; and Juliet anchored off the docks at Bilbao flying the French flag. Richard and Mario rowed ashore and left word at the nearest inn that they had been told to ask for Tubal. They were advised to return unarmed in two days.
Richard tried to size up Mario as they sat in the inn on the second evening drinking the local wine. He had signed on as an officer assisting in navigating the Mediterranean and acting as interpreter, he had little contact with the rest of the crew. He would sign off in Genoa. Mario was not tall but had a stocky build that suggested strength, his dark skin and demeanor kept most men at a distance and the women close. Richard was unarmed as requested, but he suspected Mario had a knife concealed somewhere. Mario drained his glass, ordered two more and asked Richard: Is your inspection of me over, Capitan?
It is, Mario, and something warns me against inspecting your background too closely, answered Richard. Mario smiled, showing a perfect set of white teeth.
You are Capitan Digby? asked a man who looked vaguely familiar, had appeared out of nowhere and stood by their table. Richard and Mario stood up.
I am and this is Mario, one of my officers, but you are not Tubal.
No, Capitan, I am Raoul his half-brother: Tubal is in France and I am to give you whatever assistance you require.
All three sat and Richard ordered another three wines. Raoul spoke to the innkeeper and he delivered a superior vintage without charging.
Richard came straight to the point, I need to purchase gunpowder, superior grade, fifty barrels.
Do you wish to start a war, Capitan? Raoul asked with a smile.
No, Monsieur, others will do that; I am merely supplying a demand, answered Richard.
It is well you are flying the French flag on a French ship; a deal can be arranged at a suitable price but delivery must be off the coast and at night, said Raoul.
To provide for the safety of the population, of course, suggested Richard.
Of course, payment in gold or silver only, and do not expect a receipt for your purser, Capitan, added Raoul.
To provide for the safety of the vendor of course, said Richard.
Of course. Raoul was starting to like this young Englishman.
Over more wine they agreed to a suitable price after several suggestions from Mario, who seemed very familiar with prices and availabilities.
Delivery in five nights, Capitan, off Needle Point to the north, a light will be shown, and it is a pleasure to do business with you, Capitan, said Raoul, giving Richard a hug and Mario a short bow. Richard was well pleased: he would use the waiting time to train his gun crews off the coast.
The ad hoc gun crews left a lot to be desired and it was well that a plentiful supply of gunpowder would be soon available. Richard sorely missed James Whitefield and his gunnery skills. When everyones ears could stand it no longer, Richard ordered a stand-down and the guns cleaned. He noticed Mario practicing sword drills on the Quarterdeck in a style he had never seen before: Mario was using a thin saber in his right hand and a short pointed dirk in the other. Richard watched with interest until Mario, sweating profusely, stopped for a rest and wiped himself down.
A sword and dagger combination looks complex and difficult, suggested Richard.
It is, Capitan, but why fight with one hand behind your back when you can use it to confuse, parry and sometimes stab your opponent? Mario wiped the hilts of his weapons with a cloth.
Would you instruct me, Mario? Richard asked.
It will be my pleasure, Capitan; I shall return with a set of practice swords and dirks.
Richard found the use of two weapons daunting and demanding but under Marios tuition soon adjusted to the timing and combinations.
Enough for one day, Capitan, you have a talent for it, but we will need to train every day, Mario advised. They did.
The gunpowder barrels marked in French with the Kings crest came aboard by longboats. The transfer went smoothly, with the barrels winched up and lowered into the holds.
I recommend we separate the catches, Sir, we may avoid sympathetic explosions if other cargo is stacked between them and one lot goes up, suggested the armorer. Richard did not have much other cargo but he hoped to rectify that in Genoa.
The money is the required amount? Richard whispered to Raoul in the longboat below. He heard the clink of gold coin.
It is, Capitan, bon voyage, the longboat disappeared into the darkness, the muffled oars making little sound.
Clear the coast tonight, First Officer, tomorrow we sail south for Gibraltar, ordered Richard. The crack of canvas sounded very loud as Juliet took advantage of the tide and off shore breeze to sail from French waters.
Richard stumbled on the quarterdeck as Juliet plunged through rising troughs off the coast of West Africa.
You must learn to adjust to changing surfaces, Capitan; this will give you an advantage should you have to fight on uneven ground. En guarde! Richard struggled against Marios aggressive attack. No, no, Capitan, do not try to use both your weapons independently: they must work in unison. Action and reaction, strike and counter strike. Again! Richard parried desperately, but still Mario was able to tickle his ribs with a dirk. Capitan, if you parry a cut from your opponents sword and close in to strike with your dirk, what must your opponent do? Mario asked.
He must retire, quickly, suggested Richard.
Of course, and anticipating this you must lunge for a killing thrust. Again! This time it was Richards turn to tickle Marios ribs. Enough for one day, Capitan, but remember an experienced opponent can adjust to any form of attack given time; it is therefore desirable that you finish him off sooner rather than later, Mario bowed and left the quarterdeck satisfied with his students progress.
Richard had given Mario the status of Pilot Navigator and had handed over control of Juliet until arrival at Genoa. Juliet had bobbed and wallowed in shallow waves off the southern tip of Spain for two days. Richard and the crew became more than a little impatient.
Sensing this, Mario explained, Better to lose a few days here than to lose your lives or worse, your freedom to Barbary pirates. Let us wait another day and pray for an escorting ship, preferably English: the pirates leave them well alone, knowing the fire-power of the Royal Navy. Richard kept the crew busy by mounting both cannons on the starboard side where any attack would most likely occur. He lamented the absence of swivel guns.
Mount the cannon as far fore and aft as you can, Bosun, so that they can provide enfilading grape on any attack mid-ships, Richard ordered.
You know, Capitan, for centuries galleys controlled the Mediterranean and the Romans, poor sailors as they were, considered it their lake. The combined fleets under Admiral Don swept the Ottomans out two centuries ago by using galleasses, a combination of sail and oars, but even today galleys hold an advantage in shore where the winds are fickle. They remain the perfect vessel for a pirate, Mario explained.
Sail on the port stern, came the cry from the lookout. Both Richard and Mario snapped open their glasses. Mario had the better of the optics.
English merchantman; our prayers have been answered, breathed Mario.
Break out the English ensign, ordered Richard.
Mario ordered on sail, but only enough to allow the faster English brig to overhaul them. Both ships dipped their colors, and when the brig gained the lead Mario ordered up more sails. Keeping the brig within hailing distance, Juliet hitched a ride into the Med. Unfortunately, shortly before nightfall the brig turned northeast, possibly towards Marseilles. Juliet was alone in the night.
A fire flared into light on a high point ashore, and another followed it on a point further to the east.
Signal beacons, muttered Mario. Richard, looking towards the shore, did not see the grim expression on Marios face.
The sun rose on a calm sea with a light breeze; Andrew coxed every knot out of the changing wind.
Might I suggest you break open every firearm in the hold, flint and load them? That will give our defensive crew at least three volleys, asked Mario. Richard gave the order to Simpson the armorer and ordered all three cannons loaded with shot.
An hour passed before their worst fears were realized. Two galleys put out from a hidden bay and began closing the distance on Juliet. Both mounted a small cannon in the bows, but it was the manpower that threatened Juliet and her crew. Over a hundred bearded pirates, all wearing some form of turban and all armed to the teeth crowded the decks of each galley.
So much for the protection of the English flag, muttered Richard.
The pirates know their ships, Capitan; after all, they have captured enough of them. They will know this ship is French built and suspect the flag is a ruse, replied Mario.
What will they do if they take us and find that we are English? Richard asked.
Kill everyone and fire the ship; your cargo will more than cover their losses Capitan, answered Mario.
After ten minutes of watching the galleys flail toward them like two giant water beetles, Mario surprisingly ordered Juliet to turn towards the shore.
Fire quickly, Capitan, while you have a full hull to target and before they also turn, ordered Mario.
Fire! ordered Richard.
The two waist guns slammed back on their restraining ropes and belched out twelve pounds of iron. One shot sailed over the second galley, the other plunged short, sending up a plume of water. Cries of derision came from both galleys that increased their stroke rate.
Mario ordered Juliet back out to sea. The gun crews needed no incentive; the approaching galleys provided that. Adrenalin fueled by fear made the crews work faster and adjust the range.
Fire!
This time one of the rounds smashed into the side or the furthest galley, smashing oars and severing bodies. The galley stopped dead in the water, but the other began shipping oars to prepare to come alongside. Pirates flashing white teeth began to twirl grappling hooks.
May I have the use of your dory, Capitan? Mario asked. Richard nodded at the strange request; he had a volley to prepare. Mario went below and returned with a small barrel of gunpowder and a length of fuse. Two crewmen lowered the dory on the side away from the approaching galley and, clutching the barrel, Mario, using his other arm, dropped down a line and into the bobbing dory.
Keep below the bulwarks, men you can hardly miss. Fire! yelled Richard. Over thirty muskets discharged, causing carnage on the galleys decks. The pirates, expecting a lull while reloading, crowded the rail and swung over their grappling hooks. The second volley thinned out the boarders, but the survivors were determined to secure their galley to Juliets side. The third volley left few pirates standing and their Captain screaming in pain and rage. Mario, undetected, did his own securing under the prow of the galley and, lighting the fuse, dived into the water and quickly swam to Juliets protected port side. A huge pirate, naked apart from pantaloons, saw Mario and, realizing the threat, ran to the bow and prepared to jump down into the smoking dory. Simpson calmly shot him in the head.
Everybody down! screamed Richard as the dory exploded, shattering the galleys bow timbers. The galley rose up out of the water, then crashed back and began to sink. The screams of the slave rowers could be heard over the noise of the battle.
Clap on all sail, First Officer, ordered Richard, feeling a freshening breeze on his cheek.
Might we haul Mario back on board first, Captain? asked Andrew with a smile.
We might, First, answered Richard with a smile of his own.
The second galley had made repairs and reconfigured its rowers. It now followed Juliet at a reduced rate, cutting through and ignoring the screaming pirates floundering and drowning in the sea.
Callous bastards, muttered Richard.
Pirates, pointed out Mario, dripping water onto the deck.
The reason for the galleys dogged persistence became clear.
Galley on the starboard bow! All eyes moved to see a third galley rowing fast towards them from a point further to the east.
Bow chaser, ordered Richard and the duel began, but it soon became obvious that the galleys water spiking bow was too difficult to hit: the galley grew larger. Mario scanned the surface of the water, looking for the tell-tale signs of changing colors and the possibility of a wind change. He spotted a darker patch to the north and ordered a tack.
It will be touch and go Capitan a hit from your cannon would be beneficial, said Mario. As if the galley had heard, a puff of smoke followed by the bark of their bow gun sent a shot through Juliets canvas.
Our turn, lads, coached Richard and the gun-crews responded, emptying the loaded grape into the sea and reloading with fresh. Other crewmembers began reloading the muskets.
We have no more dories, pointed out Richard.
The gunners struck on the second round, sending a ball through the galleys hull and causing mayhem amongst the rowers. It was enough; the galley slowed and Juliet, picking up a fresher breeze, filled her sails and sailed clear to the north.
Pity about the muskets, commented Richard. They are no longer new and will fetch less.
No problems, Sir, answered Simpson. All new weapons in England have to be proof tested and I can supply the correct certification. Simpson ordered up boiling water from the galley and had the crew pour it down the barrels until the dirty black water turned clear at the touchholes. The weapons were then thoroughly oiled and returned to their boxes. Good as new, he proclaimed.
Surprisingly, they had suffered no deaths, but Richard spent several hours below in the makeshift sick room removing musket balls and extracting splinters. His efforts brought him closer to his crew.
Mario set a course to clip the southern tip of Sardinia, and then on to Genoa.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
Richard had invited Mario to his cabin as Juliet drew near the northern coast of Italy. Marios help had been invaluable, yet he needed to request a further favor. He waited until the meager meal had been cleared and the brandy poured before making his play. Mario had waited patiently.
Mario, I am aware that you will sign off once we reach Genoa, yet I will need your help or someone you can recommend for further business in Italy, Richard began.
And of what nature is this business you require help with? asked Mario.
I need to purchase musket barrels from the house of Beretta in Brescia, and the other is rather of a personal matter. Richard took another sip of brandy and, fortified, pressed on. I need to contact a certain English lady who is touring Italy escorted by two male cousins. Richards voice trailed off.
I think, before we proceed, Capitan, there are many things that you should be aware of. It was Marios turn to sip the brandy. First, there is no Italy, and there never has been. Even under the Romans it was influential tribes that controlled first the senate and later the Emperors until more powerful tribes invaded from the north and east. Today there are no Romans left: they have all been bred out. The Latin peninsular has always been and always will be about families. Almost all outsiders do not understand our family politics and have as much chance of fathoming us, as a deep-water fish could understand a mountain flower. You, Capitan, have the great gift of being able to be adopted by families such as Tubal in Bilbao and from what you have told me, Squanto in the Colonies. You have honor and standing in the family of soldiers and sailors, and I have no doubt you will achieve the same in the states and principalities of what we will call Italy. The first request regarding the Berettas of Brescia is not a problem but a matter of business, and the Berettas will provide you with every courtesy and assistance. The second problem is one of family and honor and much more delicate to arrange; here I will be delighted to be of assistance, Mario stood up, bowed and then, as an afterthought, offered his hand.
Thank you, Mario, was all Richard could manage. After Mario had left, Richard realized that he still did not know what family Mario belonged to.
Richard viewed the armed cutter that intercepted them as they approached Genoas harbor with some concern. He became even more concerned as an armed official of some type came aboard and barked out something in Italian. Richard was about to try French when Mario placed a cautionary hand on his arm and addressed the official in Italian. Mario began a long discourse, during which the official visibly relaxed, then finally smiled. He signed the ships manifests with a flourish, issued certifications and accepted Marios payment of duty. With a bow towards Richard and a sharp word of command to his men, he flounced over to the rail and with a wave lowered himself into the cutter below.
What was all that about? asked an impressed Richard.
It was all quite simple, Capitan: I told the Assistant Collector of Customs that you had sunk one pirate vessel and damaged two. Genoa was sacked by pirates over seven hundred years ago, but they have long memories here. The reason for your visit to trade with the Beretta family ensured a clearance and a generous payment for bond was appreciated, but you must do two things. One, anchor off the mole by the fortress because you are carrying gunpowder, and the other is allow several hours before anyone disembarks. This will allow time for the Assistant Collector of Customs to gain merit by being the first to spread the story, greatly exaggerated of course, about your destruction of the pirates. Such diplomacy will always pay off, my Capitan.
Mario disembarked later that evening, and Richard was surprised when he brought so many chests aboard. He was a little less surprised when they were loaded into an expensive coach protected by four mounted troopers. Mario gave a final wave and the coach disappeared into the dark.
The following morning a Senor Gianotti, the Berettas representative in Genoa, sent word that he would await instructions from Captain Digby.
Senor Gianotti was a large man with a large moustache that tapered to rapier-like ends. He made it known to Richard that he could negotiate any business through himself in Genoa, but a personal visit to the Beretta Estate in Brescia would be far more valuable if future business was envisaged. Richard, sorely in need of a break from the sea, agreed and the small party rode out the following morning. Richard took Simpson with him, and because of his lack of experience in riding he was sorely needed. Simpson never complained as it became obvious that riding utilizes every muscle in the body. He could not sleep the first night due to groin strain and muscle cramps but was damned if he would show weakness to the two Italian minders who had been added for protection. The protection was a precaution: Lombardy had only recently been freed from Austrian occupation and law and order was still thin outside the towns.
They arrived in the walled city of Brescia at the end of the second day and Richard was appalled at the destruction.
Did the Austrians do this? Richard asked Gianotti in French.
No, Capitan, God perhaps in 1769: the Bastion of San Nazaro was hit by lightning and 200,000 pounds of gunpowder exploded, killing three thousand and destroying one sixth of the city.
They rode on in silence until they came to huge wrought iron gates emblazoned with the three arrows and circled crest of the Beretta family.
They were expected and met at the portico of a large villa by Giovanni, a younger son of Francesco, the head of the Beretta family.
Captain and Senors your horses will be taken care of and a valet will show you to your quarters; I sincerely hope you will find them suitable. My father has invited you all to dine with him this evening at nine thirty. Giovanni gave a slight bow.
Richard almost fell asleep in the giant bath but roused himself to dress in his best and present himself at the house at nine fifteen. He was admitted and allowed to wander the great hall until dinner was announced. Richard was admiring three magnificent arrows mounted alongside three ancient arquebus barrels when a deep voice interrupted.
They were the last three arrows we manufactured and the first three barrels we produced. Forgive me for startling you; I am Francesco Beretta.
Richard turned and bowed to a large formally-dressed man with jet-black hair and shining black eyes that held a twinkle of amusement.
Good evening, Senor Beretta; I was admiring the workmanship of the arrows compared to the more business like qualities of the gun barrels, said Richard.
The twinkle in Francescos eyes grew into light.
Indeed, Captain Digby, may I put to you a question? Those arrows, especially if loosed by archers such as your English bowmen, could travel up to 300 yards. Their penetration is great: I have seen them lodged into three inches of oak and their rate of fire is from six to eight a minute. I believe that is why your King Henry the Eighth armed his Mary Rose with the latest culverins but maintained archers for his stern and forecastles. Even the slower crossbow was effective at shorter ranges and was once banned along with catapults because of their danger to the hitherto armor-protected knights. Witness the death of your Richard the Lion-hearted as a result of a wound from a bolt. My question is: if an arrow can fly three times the distance of a musket ball, if it has three times the depth in penetration and can fire three times faster, why was it replaced by the inferior musket?
Richard thought hard.
Was it to do with training, Senor?
Ah, Captain, I like your reasoning. Francesco took hold of Richards arm and guided him into the dining hall. It takes what, five years to train an archer, yet perhaps five weeks to train a musketeer, supply and demand, Captain Digby.
The meal that followed family introductions was sumptuous, spicy and supported by the crisp white wine that Lombardy was famous for. Richard had brought the last two bottles of cognac left on board and they were savored after the ladies had departed.
Ah, Captain Digby, in Lombardy we do not like the French or anything French for historical reasons, but we make an exception for their cognac. Francesco remarked.
There had been no mention of business: that would be for the morrow.
In the morning Francesco was all business. After reading Wentworth the elders letter of introduction and recommendation, he listened intently as Richard outlined his problem with the availability of barrels and the lack of time to be placed on a waiting list.
Hostilities are never coincided with supply and demand, Richard suggested.
Francesco smiled and began on a different tack.
Senor Wentworth mentions you are already familiar with our barrels, Captain: may I see your pistol? Francesco asked.
It is in my saddle-bags with the horses, Senor, and still loaded for the road, explained Richard.
Francesco threw a look at his son Giovanni who then left the room. A few minutes later a muffled shot was heard and Giovanni returned, cleaning Richards pistol. He handed it to his father who examined it closely, then laid it on his desk with a sigh.
You purchased it in New York, I believe? asked Francesco. Richard nodded an affirmation. I wonder what happened to its twin? he mused. We supplied the barrels for a matched set of dueling pistols commissioned by the Duke of Elba; he was never one for ostentation and fell during the War of Succession. This is the first time I have seen the finished weapon. May I retain this for a time?Francesco asked and Richard again nodded affirmation. Excellent. Now for a tour of our factory. The party left Francescos office and moved to several buildings that smelled of iron particles and coal.
The basic principles are: rolling, boring and grinding! yelled Francesco over the din, but we still produce by hand-forging fire webbing strips of flat iron over a mandrel. The secret is in the temperatures and the quality of the ore. Our grinders are of the best. They had moved on to two huge wheels eight feet in diameter and weighing over four tons. Water poured in from the top to power the wheels and keep the grinding rods cool. The grinders worked on a first floor landing to allow the huge wheels clearance and the excess water to drain out through the floor and back into the river Oglio. Let us return to the office; this is giving me a headache, yelled Francesco. Richard noted that they had only toured one part of several factories: commercial sensitivity, perhaps, in one of the oldest gun foundries.
After they had wiped the grime from their faces and hands and taken refreshments, Francesco put Richard at his ease.
There will be no problem in supplying your barrels, Captain; we have a cancelled export order. Now is not an opportune time to supply ordnance to the Austrians, Francesco smiled.
The paper work was completed within the hour, prices agreed to, purchase forms, bank checks signed and receipts given. Richard was back on the road after a celebratory lunch in the afternoon minus his pistol. A mounted messenger near dusk intercepted them. Mario had requested they detour to Milan where they would be contacted later in the week.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
Giannati and his two escorts left Richard and Simpson at the gates of Milan after much embracing hand shaking and vows of eternal friendship. Giannati had recommended a well-known hotel, but Richard decided to chart his own course when and if he had the opportunity. He chose an older, more discreet establishment in the area of the old city. Declining offers to show off their city by proud Milanese, they settled in to await events.
The event was a ball given by the Count of Coronno, who was visiting his estates that summer. The Counts secretary had delivered a hand written invitation in person: the ball would be held in the Palazzo Visconti Di Grazzano.
Richard decided that he would wear his Captains uniform rather than clothes that were noticeably foreign, but found them a little too severe. A visit to a military tailor was called for.
Senor Gesinni agreed, producing an array of gold belts, lanyards, epaulettes and buttons. Richard tried to explain that his only official rank was Lieutenant and that a merchant Captain was not equal to a naval rank, but it was all to no avail: Senor Gesinni was not going to let any client of his go out the door looking less than an admiral. Richard tactfully pointed out that too much ostentation would only make his modest uniform look unworthy, and there was no time to tailor a new one. The Senor begrudgingly agreed and settled for a minimum of gilded accessories. Richard felt like an overdressed doll, but to the fashion-conscious Milanese he cut a fine and dashing figure. Richard ordered a coach for the evening and left a smiling Simpson at the hotel to protect their belongings and money.
Richard was well aware that his presence at the ball had been orchestrated, but he was unprepared for the artificialness of the occasion. The Count and Countess of Coronno greeted him at the gilded doors of the ballroom like a long-lost friend  then promptly ignored him. More than one beautiful senorita gave the handsome young Captain an adoring look before being fanned away by a protective mother. Richard wandered around, accepting a glass of wine and appraising the guests; he had the distinct feeling he was being watched. Surely Mario would contact him. He thought of checking the guest list but realized with a shock that he did not know Marios family name. Then he saw her  it must be her, the back of her neck under the tiered-up hair, and the two uncomfortable men escorting her and looking completely out of place could only be her cousins.
Richard thought hard and fast: there would only be this one opportunity of rescuing Rebecca from the social cage that her father had fashioned around her. The two cousins had never met Richard; he just might pull something off if they did not speak French. Richard took a deep breath and adopted the manner of a cocky French or Italian Captain.
May you do me the honor of allowing me to introduce myself, Senorita, we both appear to be somewhat stranded, said Richard in French. He was thankful that the two cousins were looking at him and did not see the look of shock and recognition on Rebeccas face.
You may, Sir  is it Captain? Rebecca asked, and to Richards relief translated for her cousins.
Capitan Ricardo Digardo of the San Juliette, Senorita. Richard kept a straight face, but Rebecca had to place a glove over her mouth to suppress a giggle.
Miss Rebecca Brownlow of London, Captain, and these two gentlemen are my cousins Edward and William, replied Rebecca. Richard kissed her gloved hand and bowed deeply at the cousins who uneasily returned the compliment.
What brings you to the beautiful city of Milano, Senorita  sightseeing or shopping perhaps? Richard asked, noting looks of concern passing between the two cousins.
Neither two, Captain: we were visiting Florence and met the Countess of Coronno who insisted we become her guests in Milan and attend their ball, replied Rebecca. Richard decided not to push his luck.
And I must insist you allow me to show you and your cousins the sights of Milano in the morning, Senorita, requested Richard.
Rebecca translated, and the cousins decided that in agreeing it would give them time to check out this elegant Italian and be rid of him for the evening.
Excellent, Senorita, Senors, Richard kissed Rebeccas hand and slipped his hotels card underneath; he felt her warm hand curl around it. He again bowed to the cousins and then, spotting a lone Italian officer, feigned recognition. Ah, Colonel, there you are. Richard linked his arm into the astonished Colonels and steered him out and onto the terrace. The Colonel did not speak French; he disengaged his arm with a tug, said something obviously rude in Italian and stormed off.
So much for French-Italian relationships, thought Richard.
The hastily written letter arrived, as Richard expected, early the next morning.
My dearest Richard,
Seeing you last night was like experiencing a bolt of light in the darkness of a prison.
I do not know how you arranged it and care not.
Nor do I care how you can or if you can arrange my escape from my open and expensive prison, but if it is to be, it must be tomorrow.
Edward is my older cousin and is deeply suspicious of you.
He intends to visit the Bank of Milano in the morning and enlist their aid in exposing you.
William is to be my chaperone in the morning and intends to keep you as far away from me as is possible.
I must finish and have a maid deliver this. I am sorry for the abruptness,
I love you,
Rebecca.
Richard read the letter again, then quickly dressed and found the manager fussing about in the lobby.
I need a pretty young woman, Richard asked. The managers shrug suggested do not we all, but he answered.
This is not a problem in Milano, Capitan.
A pretty young woman who speaks English, added Richard.
Even this can be arranged in Milano, Capitan, said the manager confidently.
And can be ready in two hours, finished Richard, finally shaking the managers confidence.
There is only one available at such short notice, Capitan, she is the manager paused to find the correct descriptiona temptress of men. An expensive whore, thought Richard.
Engage her, and her duties are to be  Richard spoke softly into the managers ear, causing him to smile and accept a very large sum of money.
Sara Thompson swept into the foyer of the hotel promptly two hours later and was quickly swept back out into a waiting coach. Richard joined Sara in the cabin, and Simpson sat on top beside the coachman. Sara would have been in her late twenties but with her style of dress and clever make-up looked like a teenager.
She spoke like a woman of the world.
Is he well off? she asked.
His uncle is one of the richest men in London, answered Richard.
Leave him to me, luv, Sara sat back and smiled.
William was no match for Sara; from the time his mouth gaped open when she insisted he sit by her and tell of his adventures until the tour ended, he remained infatuated.
The only person who saw the sights of Milan that day was Simpson, and he could not understand a word of the Italian drivers graphic descriptions. It mattered little: a shared blanket and flask of grappa made for a pleasant outing.
William had only eyes for Sara and Rebecca had only eyes for Richard, who maintained the farce by pretending to point out the sights in French.
It was after a lunch of dry white wine cheeses and cold cuts that Sara dared William to race her to the river and back. That gave Richard and Rebecca time to formulate a plan.
Come with me now, Rebecca, aboard Juliet to America where we can marry and start a new life free from the social structures and restrictions of Old England, Richard pleaded.
What, Sir, before you have pleaded your love for me? Rebecca teased.
Richard responded by taking her into his arms and kissing her welcoming mouth. He could feel her heart fluttering next to his chest, and when they finally broke apart her shining eyes gave Richard the answer he needed.
Hello! came the warning call from Sara as she appeared from behind a distant crop of flowering bushes. William followed, red-faced and clothing disheveled; he had obviously engaged in more than a race to the river.
William, you are maculated young man, said Rebecca, compounding his embarrassment.
I think we must return to our hotel this minute, said William, trying to regain his composure.
Wonderful  I am just dying to meet your brother, said Sara.
There was no meeting: it was more of a confrontation.
You, Sir, are Richard Digby, and my uncle has refused to have you meet his daughter, fumed Edward.
I am, Sir, and your uncle has little influence here: Italy is or usually is a free country, replied Richard.
We are leaving in the morning to return to Florence, and you, Sir, should return to your ship, ordered Edward.
No! Rebeccas exclamation silenced Edward.
Captain Digby has kindly offered me a passage to New York to extend my tour, so to speak, and I have accepted, Rebeccas voice faded into a stunned silence
But but you do not have your fathers permission, spluttered Edward
I do not need it, Edward: I am of age, as I am sure you are aware, answered Rebecca.
But you do not have the money  Uncle only allows a suitable amount to cover expenses at each citys bank, pointed out William.
I have independent means thanks to a bequest from my mother; it is not a lot but it will be sufficient, William  now are you two coming as well, or will you return to face the wrath of my father? Rebecca asked.
In the end it was decided that William would remain with Rebecca, as a token escort while Edward would return to London where he was sure he would face a certain horsewhipping.
Rebecca looked elegant in her riding clothes as she allowed Richard to assist her into a ladies saddle. William looked sour as he mounted the coach containing their luggage; the escort had become the escorted. Simpson had been eager to allow Rebecca the use of his horse and joined William in the coach that would make its way independently to Genoa.
Is that the Juliet? Rebecca asked as they walked to the end of the mole in Genoas harbor.
It is, my love, ugly old sister is she not? Richard answered.
She is not  she is beautiful, replied Rebecca forcefully.
Well, in that case I will change her name to Rebecca, said Richard and received a push that almost sent him into the sea.
They had been spotted by Juliets watch and within minutes a longboat had been lowered, crewed and began to row towards the end of the mole. Richard had previously explained why Juliet had to be moored in isolation.
Rebeccas riding apparel proved ideal in allowing her to climb down into the boat and later up onto Juliets deck.
Welcome back, Sir, Andrew almost saluted. The ladies cabin has been prepared, he said with a smirk. Richard gave him a watch it look, and the crew looked elsewhere and found other tasks to complete.
Two days later Richard still paced the deck. The coach had arrived and its contents taken aboard. William had surprised Richard by refusing to take the passengers cabin or charity and had asked for crews quarters.
Let him bunk in my mess, Captain: he is an apprentice cabinet maker and can help me assemble the firearms, Sir, suggested Simpson, and Richard agreed.
Thank God, said Richard when he saw a wagon appear on the mole with Gianotti sitting by the driver. It appeared they shared Richards impatience by quickly loading the provided longboat and hastening the rowers into a faster stroke. The reason became apparent when Gianotti puffed on board.
A message from the Assistant Customs Officer, Capitan: he advises you that a certain English called Edward has a warrant from a judge well known to live above his income to detain you and the Juliet on a charge of abduction. He further advises you that he will not be able to act in haste and wishes you a speedy voyage, Gianotti looked towards the Customs House and Richard did likewise. The armed longboat was making an erratic course towards Juliet with several rowers catching crabs or missing their strokes. A furious Edward sat in the stern.
Fare thee well, Capitan, said Gianotti as the last of the gun barrels was hauled aboard, and Senor Beretta sends you a gift, he said, pushing a box into Richards hands and clambering back down into a dingy.
The noise of a shot echoed across the harbor and Richard looked up to see smoke dissipating over the Customs boat. A crewmember had discharged a musket into the air and Edward shook his fist in rage.
Answer their salute will, you, First Officer, and have the colors dipped in respect, ordered Richard. A smiling Andrew fetched a musket loaded it without shot and fired it into the air. Juliet completed weighing anchor and fell off her mooring, heading southwest.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
Richard first assured himself that Andrew had back-plotted Marios course to the Straits of Gibraltar and that Rebecca had settled into her cabin, then he finally found time to open his gift from Senor Beretta. The box was very heavy and did not rattle. Opening it revealed his pistol set in a lining of green velvet, a brand new matching piece along with cleaning gear, shot-molds and a powder flask. It was a magnificent set and Richard marveled that it had all been assembled in a matter of days. Thank you, Senor Beretta.
A brisk easterly wind provided a welcome goodbye present from the Mediterranean Sea. It pushed Juliet past the hostile coast of North Africa at a speed that no galley could match and swept her out into the Atlantic Ocean unmolested. Unmolested until a sail was spotted on the starboard beam: it was a British frigate closing fast.
We could outrun her, Sir  it will be dark in an hour and without lights she would never find us, suggested Andrew.
No, First Officer, that would mark us as a vessel of suspect; run up the French flag, carry on our course and have the men play dumb. We shall be the arch-typical and outraged Froggie, replied Richard and retired to his cabin. Andrew watched the frigate close to within hailing distance, and an officer called in English for Juliet to heave to. He was ignored. A second call in the schoolboy French Richard had once used was also ignored. A shot across the bows was not.
Furl all sail, Andrew ordered to keep the men off the deck and up in the rigging. Juliet lost way and wallowed in the slight swell. A jolly boat with a junior officer was rowed much more efficiently than the Genoese custom boat to Juliets side and the Officer, a Bosun and two-crewmembers came aboard in that order.
At that moment the companion way-door from the Captains cabin crashed open and Richard, dressed in all the finery of an Italian Captain, strode onto the deck. Nobody looked up, but the crew in the rigging certainly looked down in amazement.
What is the meaning of this piracy? screamed Richard in French. We are a French-flagged ship carrying a French cargo to the French Territory of Martinique: explain this outrage!
Be that it may, Sir, but we have orders to intercept and search any vessel within twenty nautical miles of the Crown Colony of Gibraltar, stumbled a much taken aback officer.
Then we are at your mercy, Lieutenant, but be warned: we shall log this as an act of war! Richard trembled in rage.
Carry out your search quickly, Bosuns mate, and let us be rid of this buffoon, ordered the officer. The three men disappeared below and the officer had to suffer Richards withering gaze. The Bosun and one crewmember returned a quarter of an hourglass later.
Everything below deck is above board, if you take my meaning, Sir, began the Bosun.
Damn your meaning man, give your report in a forthright manner, barked the Officer.
Cargo is gunpowder, French markings, sporting arms, not military, all listed correctly in the manifest, Sir. I could not understand the certificates of authorization, Sir: they were all in Italian, I think.
A womans high-pitched scream rent the air, and the second British crewmember ran red-faced onto the quarter-deck followed by an outraged Rebecca. She stamped her foot and poured forth a torrent of abusive French; it was all too much for the English officer. Then Rebecca became silent: William had come up on deck.
Richard looked at him: if William explained his situation and the dubious authority of Rebeccas decision to holiday, then the Officer would have no hesitation in taking them off Juliet. Returning an errant daughter to a wealthy father would ensure his name was mentioned in the right quarters and the subsequent promotion.
William remained silent, and the Officer had no intention of further damaging Anglo-French relations and the subsequent career stagnation. He ordered his crew back to his frigate Eagle with Richard and Rebeccas released laughter ringing across the water.
Put on all previous sail, ordered Andrew in atrocious French.
The voyage across the Atlantic provided everything but a lack of wind, storms, high seas, periods of sunshine, and even a fog. Rebecca was a poor sailor and spent much of her time in the confines of her cabin. Richard attended to her whenever time permitted and had one of the crewmen clean her cabin and empty the commode whenever Rebecca ventured on deck. This last duty earned him the derision of his crewmates until Rebecca made him a present of soap that could lather.
William excelled in his tasks assisting Simpson: he had skills learned from his master tradesman in formulating varnishes that dried into a deep patina that caused the mahogany stocks to shine like mirrors. He purloined oils from the cook and carpenter that when mixed with the standard varnish made every stock individually stained and colored. Andrew went further, and with the timber available made cases for the more expensive pieces. Simpson was impressed.
The weather, as Juliet approached New York proved, to be changeable. Richard was unaware of it as yet, but his reception in the Colony would be similar.
Richard and Rebecca stood at the ships rail as they approached the coastline.
You should have married us yourself, Richard and saved some money, suggested Rebecca.
I do not think Captains are allowed to marry themselves, replied Richard before he realized Rebecca was teasing.
CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
After a Customs inspection Richard had to be rowed to the Harbor Masters office on an outer quay at the docks to present his clearances.
You will have to unload all the manifested gunpowder at the citys magazine on smaller Manhattan Island, Captain; it is standard procedure and you will be furnished with a receipt, instructed the Harbor Master and then, as an afterthought, said, Welcome back.
Sir Thomas had lost weight and now sipped tea after his lunch, forgoing his usual cognac.
The Situation in the Colonies has worsened since you left, Digby. Some damn fools dressed up as Indians boarded a ship in Boston and dumped the tea chests into the harbor as a protest against the tea tax over a year ago. The colonials have set up a Continental Congress giving the thirteen colonies a form of self-rule but our government in London has taken a stern line and suspended self-government in Massachusetts. Sir Thomas reached for a snifter, then realized there was only tea. He sipped the cold liquid and gave a shudder. General Thomas Gage is Governor and he will not stand any nonsense: I understand he intends to carry out a series of searches to seek and destroy any catches of weapons and munitions. I dare say your cargo will fetch a premium but suggest you do not swamp the market and release them a few at a time, now if you will excuse me, Digby, I have endless meetings to endure, Sir Thomas struggled up and shook Richards hand in what was to be their last meeting.
Richard had a busy afternoon; he had to check on Rebecca, now ensconced in a reputable hotel. William had reluctantly agreed to accompany her provided he was able to return to his work on board Juliet when time permitted. He met up with Simpson outside the hotel and took a cab to Wentworths gun shop. Simpson carried two of the boxed muskets.
There will be no problem facilitating the sale of my fathers guns, Captain: the citizens are concerned and I have a waiting list. Being individual pieces they can command top prices, and may I commend you on their finish? Wentworth asked.
You may commend the armorer himself and his assistant. Richard inclined his head towards Simpson, who flushed with pride.
Now, as to the Beretta barreled weapons, are they all rifled? If they are, you can name your own price. Wentworth asked Richard, who, unable to answer, turned to Simpson.
About half them are, Sir, the remainder are smooth bores, said Simpson.
Richard cut in before the number of weapons was revealed. Draw up a list of probable sales, Mr. Wentworth, and we will advise you of availability, leaving the weapons, Richard and Simpson returned to Juliet, not realizing there would be only two sales through the Wentworth Gun Shop.
The next two weeks passed in a flash. Rebecca completely recovered from the sea voyage, enjoyed being given a tour of New Yorks scenery restaurants and picnics in the countryside. All that came to an end when Rebeccas hotel informed her they were fully booked and that she would have to leave.
At first Richard paid no heed to the hotels request, thinking that perhaps a ship was due in and passengers had made prior bookings  but when a second hotel pleaded fully booked he became suspicious. Both hotels obviously had spare rooms. When they were turned away from a third and somewhat less salubrious establishment, Richard suspected a conspiracy. He immediately had Rebecca taken back to Juliet and began to make enquires.
His request for a meeting with Sir Thomas was turned down because of pressures of work and a second request was ignored. Similar requests to Doctor Waverly and James Ponsonby were similarly ignored, and Richard became apprehensive. It was Wentworth the elder who made contact with Richard and requested a meeting, but at an inn, not his shop.
The word is out around the town, Captain: The banker Brownlow has called in many of the favors owed to him here in the Colonies. He has considerable influence, not only financially but also politically. Your good reputation here has so far avoided an arrest, but that will change once Brownlow has marshaled enough support. Merchants have been warned not to deal with you if they wish to have future access to finance; I have claimed your two guns have been presold and give you the sale price along with my sincere best wishes for the future. Let me advise you it should not be in New York, Wentworth pushed folded pound notes across the table, clasped Richards hand and almost ran from the inn. Richard had not said a word.
Richard made up his mind and discussed a plan with Rebecca; she agreed that they should leave New York as soon as possible.
Have we enough crew for coastal sailing? Richard asked Andrew.
Aye Captain, only twenty men were paid off and they were local lads with families; the remainder are on full pay with maintenance duties, Andrew answered.
Prepare the ship for sailing at dawn, First Officer we will make for Nantucket after reloading the gunpowder, ordered Richard.
Aye, Sir, and Juliet began to come alive.
The cloudy morning obscured the rising sun, but at the filtering of light through the clouds Juliet slipped her moorings and made for Little Manhattan Island. They had a two-hour wait before magazine master arrived and kept a furious Richard waiting for another hour.
I am afraid your cargo has been confiscated, began the magazine master.
You are referring to my gunpowder I take it, and by whose authority? Richard asked, making a determined effort to control himself.
Why, by the Governor himself no less, smirked the magazine master, something to do with the lack of the original owners receipts and other paperwork; you may of course reclaim your cargo once it is all sorted out, replied the master of magazines. Richard stood up and left without a further word before he blew up.
Set sail for Nantucket, First Officer, I desperately need fresh air, ordered Richard, thankful that he had appropriated ten barrels of French powder to augment Juliets defenses.
Nantucket had changed little from the town he had left years ago. The sand bar that would eventually close the harbor to whaling ships had encroached further and there were some new council buildings and other amenities, but the town still relied heavily on the monies generated by the whaling industries. Captain Smith was away at sea but was expected back within a month. It was Rebecca who took the initiative and suggested they meet with Captain Smiths wife.
Abigail Smiths stern countenance concealed a warm heart and a love of meeting people, especially when her husband was away for long periods at sea. Rebecca had made her a present of fine Italian lace, and they immediately became like mother and daughter. Richard was content to play second fiddle.
What a story, my dear, began Abigail. Young heiress elopes from a rich tyrannical father who pursues her by proxy to the Colony to harass and confine her future husband who just happens to be a hero of the Colonial Army and a prosperous Captain to boot. The locals will love it and you, my dear, have no fear: you will be protected here. More tea, Captain Digby?
Thank you, Madam, I think I will take a stroll to regain my land legs if you do not mind, said Richard.
Of course not, Captain, you may leave us women to gossip and intrigue.
Richard returned in an hour, thanked Abigail for her hospitality and escorted Rebecca back to Juliet.
Well? Richard asked.
Well what? Rebecca replied innocently.
You know very well what, my dear  did Abigail give us any contacts that would be interested in the purchase of our firearms? Richard asked.
It is all arranged, we women are good at that: three local men of substance who just happen to be members of the Sons of Liberty will arrive unannounced and anonymous at Juliet within a week to arrange the inspection and purchase of arms on behalf of the Massachusetts Congress in exile, replied Rebecca smugly.
Gentleman number one whistled in Richards cabin after an introductory glass of the last of the cognac.
Almost five hundred new pieces and half of them rifles: this I must see. Gentlemen two and three agreed and Richard led them to the hold.
Do you not think them too grand for military use? Gentleman Number Two asked after viewing the unboxed weapons.
I think not we gentlemen will use them as a personal weapon, freeing up our previous pieces for other ranks, replied Gentleman Number Three.
Despite their slower rate of fire the rifles will give us an advantage over the British Regulars? pointed out Gentleman Number One. Do you have a price Captain?
Richard wrote a figure on a bill of sale and handed it to him. The other two gentlemen crowded around.
Will you accept a ten percent discount for cash, Captain? Gentleman Number One asked. Mindful of his banking problems, Richard readily agreed.
Although it is no longer my business, gentlemen, where is the weapons initial destination? Richard asked.
Oh, just a small out of the way place called Concord, answered Gentleman Number Three.
Are we rich? Rebecca asked.
Rich enough to be married my love; pity about the gunpowder, replied Richard.
Oh tosh to the gunpowder, can we have a honeymoon as well, Richard? Rebecca always used Richards Christian name when she wanted something.
How about a cruise to the Caribbean, sunshine, fine beaches, exotic food and not a care in the world? offered Richard.
How wonderful, darling: no naval ships to dodge or customs to placate, Rebecca clapped her hands in delight.
Well, there is the small matter of a cargo of oil and timber down and sugar and rum back, Richard dodged a cushion and it knocked over a perfume bottle.
The Reverent Simmons was delighted to arrange the marriage of Richard and Rebecca. The Church of England parish of Saint George in Nantucket was something of a punishment dealt to vicars who had upset the Bishop in some way. The population of Nantucket was mainly Puritan with a few Quakers and Baptists filling the gap. The Reverends open door policy of reaching out to all faiths had been met with a wall of silence and polite indifference; the wedding would be a chance to make his mark in the community.
The community responded by filling the small church and spilling out onto the lawns. All the major families attended, including some dignitaries from outside Nantucket. Captain Smith gave away the bride and Andrew acted as best man. Rebecca looked like a princess in a gown of white French satin fashioned lovingly if rather conservatively by Abigail Smith and her sewing circle. The austerely dresses citizens of Nantucket appreciated Richards dark blue naval uniform devoid of sparkling spaghetti. The newlywed couple escaped the sea of flowers to the sea beneath Juliet sailing to the islands of the Caribbean.
That night, after Richard had slipped into Rebeccas bed, he started to shake violently.
What is the matter my love are you cold? Rebecca asked with alarm and took him into her arms.
No, I am not cold, just very nervous, answered Richard.
You? Nervous? I cannot imagine why, said Rebecca.
Well it is just that I have only done it once before, confessed Richard.
Well I have never done it before, husband, so it should be me who is shaking. We will be exploring more than the Caribbean, will we not? asked Rebecca.
They did explore their bodies, finding out what made Rebecca quiver, squeak and finally shake and Richard to gasp before exploding, and then both collapsing exhausted in each others arms.
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
The honeymoon was everything Richard and Rebecca had dreamed about. Andrew became de facto Captain and arranged the cargos to and from Jamaica, leaving the young lovers to wander spellbound around the tropical islands.
All that came to an end when Richard and Andrew noticed a flurry of naval activity around Kingstown and a regiment of regular Redcoats being loaded aboard transports. Prices began to rise and the local gentry ceased entertaining  a sure sign something was amiss. Richard failed to gain information from any official source, but Andrew heard the news at an inn: there had been a skirmish between British regulars and colonial militia at a place called Concord followed by a battle at Lexington, in which the British had been defeated and retreated to Boston, where they were under siege.
The American War of Independence, or the American Revolution, had begun.
Juliet immediately sailed for home, wherever that may be.
Juliet furled sails and hove to within hailing distance of a fishing boat south of New York flying the French flag.
We are from Martinique, what news of the war? Andrew yelled.
Boston has been abandoned, do not go there; New York is safely loyalist and should stay so, advised a weather-beaten fisherman.
No doubt which side he is on, muttered Richard. Set a course for Boston Harbor, he ordered.
Juliet sailed into Boston a day later expecting destruction and confusion, instead they found the city unharmed and struggling to get back to normal. The British had obviously left the city intact, fully expecting to return in the near future.
Richard was contacted the following day and invited to a meeting with members of the Colonys Congress.
You have met three of our members, Captain, let me introduce them: Patrick Kennedy, Jonathon Percy and Anthony Hawkins. I am James Gillespie the Chairman for this meeting, James Gillespie and this is Captain Sorenson, late of the Royal Navy. Richard shook hands with all of them and accepted a chair.
I will come straight to the point, Captain: we wish to buy your ship for the newly-forming Congressional Navy, then give it back to you with a Junior Captains commission, Hawkins said bluntly. All eyes were on Richard, who took a moment to recover.
I can understand your need for ships, Sir, but Juliet is a merchantman and will hardly cause the Royal Navy to lose any sleep. Richard replied.
We do not expect Juliet to tangle with the Royal Navy, Captain, but protect our own merchant ships from privateers and perhaps British armed merchantmen, Captain Sorenson cut in. The comment caused Richard to remember ideas from James Whitefield, so he offered problems with Juliets capabilities while thinking ahead.
Would Juliet be fast enough for the task? Richard asked.
French designed ships usually are, and with some modification of the rigging and of course a lack of cargo she will do, said Sorenson confidently. Richard finally put it all together and realized he would lose Juliet anyway, through confiscation.
Apart from the cargo of cannons that is, Richard pointed out.
Apart from the cargo of cannons, agreed Sorenson.
Gentlemen, I must of course agree, but I have one condition and that is, I have control over Juliets armament and they will include carronades rather than cannon, Richard stipulated.
Carronades? What are they? asked Gillespie.
A new weapon, Chairman, not yet adopted by the Navy, who suspect The Carron Ironworks of Falkirk in Scotland of previous sharp practices. They are less than half the weight of a cannon yet can deliver three times the punch, but only over a short range, explained Sorenson.
Can we procure such weapons? Gillespie asked.
I think so Sir: my First Officer comes from Falkirk, answered Richard.
Hawkins looked around the table and received nods of approval.
Then let us raise a toast to Captain Digby and the  he paused to consult his notes,  the C.N.S. Talon, Hawkins rose, as did the others, fortified wine was poured and the members toasted, Captain Digby and the Talon.
Richard accepted the toast realizing his life had changed irreversibly.
Kindly stay back, Captain: we have housekeeping to complete, barked Sorenson and he waited until the others had left. Forgive me for asking, Captain, but how did you become so well informed on modern naval ordnance?
Richard explained his position as assistant to Gunnery Officer Whitefield aboard Subtile and Jamess passion for new weapons and tactics.
The Royal Navy has a tradition of being reluctant to adopt anything new. We have no such traditions and begin anew using all the technological advantages that are available to us, but I suggest you do not disclose your ideas on tactics to anyone else. Now your refit will take place in shipyards at Poughkeepsie, they are owned by relatives of Gillespie; that is the way things are done here. I will draw up your authority to direct the refit; you will have priority over new vessels because of our need to have ships commissioned quickly. Do not worry over funds, the gentlemen of the council have made a personal guarantee and will never renege on it, but your purchase of the carronades is more difficult. Have you access to funds, preferably gold, to make the payment? You will of course be recompensed once the ordnance is delivered.
I have, Captain: in times of turmoil gold is always the refuge of investors, answered Richard.
Spoken like a true banker, said Sorenson, smiling for the first time.
Well, I did marry the daughter of one, answered Richard, then realizing that Sorenson was now his superior officer, stood to attention. Sir!
We do not have a designed uniform as yet, Captain, but you may attach an epaulette to your shoulder, Sorenson ordered.
A fast mail packet leaves in the morning for Bristol, Andrew, be on it with Simpson and a secure chest of gold coin. Do you foresee any problems in securing thirty carronades if they are available? Richard asked Andrew, who was now a temporary civilian.
Nay, Captain, there is no love lost between the people of Selkirk and the English: it was where William Wallace was defeated by treachery and King Long-shanks. If the weapons are available I will get them, said Andrew emphatically.
There is more coin available for the purchase of a sloop, something new and fast and rename her Rebecca. Have the carronades dismantled and stowed beneath a cargo of seeds or rice, speed is essential, and you should have few problems selecting a crew eager to avoid the press gangs. God speed, Richard embraced an embarrassed Andrew. who hastened away to make his preparations.
You want the gun port hatches to fall away below? asked a skeptical shipbuilder.
Just so; bolt them at the top with enough upper weight to ensure they fall away and down when they are kicked open, answered Richard.
All that will ensure is that they will take considerable time to haul back up to close. Are you aware that King Henrys flagship the Mary Rose had her lower gun-ports open to fire a royal salute when a sudden squall swamped the lower deck, causing her to sink with the loss of all hands? asked the shipbuilder.
That is why I have designed these canvas shields around the muzzles, Richard pointed to his drawings. To keep out any seawater and muzzle flash, wadding and smoke, explained Richard.
The gun decking is very low, Captain, and that will affect your center of gravity; do you need so much headroom? asked the shipbuilder.
Carronades have a very high center of gravity and we will need all of that headroom, answered Richard. The shipbuilder shrugged as if to say your funeral and walked off.
Richard made a tour of inspection of the soon-to-be warship Talon. Her sides had been pierced by thirty gun-ports and work was almost complete on the gun platforms behind them to house the carronades. Richard had ruled out a complete gun deck extending from side to side in favor of supported shelves that allowed space for cargo and passengers below and between. He had retained the passenger cabins for captured officers or female detainees. The re-rigging would begin in three days and he was well pleased with the progress. Completion now depended upon Andrew.
Richard returned to Boston and gave Rebecca a long overdue wedding present: the opportunity to buy a house while prices were still depressed due to the flood of properties put on the market by departed loyalists. Like a child opening presents at Christmas she rushed from one listing to another until she settled on a stone and shingle roofed two-story residence with both court and backyard not far from the outer harbor. Rebecca then gave Richard a long overdue wedding present by informing him she was with child. For the first time in months Richard put Talon out of his mind  at least for a short time.
Can you make a couple of wigs for me Rebecca darling, asked Richard.
Wigs? They are well out of fashion now, Richard, but there should be some gathering dust somewhere, but I like your hair fashioned as it is, replied Rebecca.
It is not for me but for two of my new crewmembers, mumbled Richard.
What are you hiring for this warship of yours, pirates or ponces? laughed Rebecca.
Just humor me darling please, I have my reasons, replied Richard through his teeth.
Oh very well, I dare say some lads or lassies will be glad to shed their locks for a few shillings, but I have never done such a thing before, said Rebecca.
I know of another thing that you have never done before but you managed magnificently, said Richard, dodging another cushion.
In fact Richard had no say in the crew allotted to Talon; this was done by the fledgling Naval Department. Richard looked at the list and the previous postings of his officers and men and was impressed. The new navy may be short on ships but had an oversupply of men anxious to serve on them.
Talons refit had been completed and Richard ordered his crew and officers to report to the shipyards at Poughkeepsie. He wanted to complete several shakedown cruises before Andrew arrived, hopefully with the carronades.
The first of two officers Richard met was his First Officer, a Lieutenant Lewis who had served on both frigates and ships of the line. Lewis was a tall slim man who listened to Richards explanations on Talons cruising strategies without question and only raised his eyebrows slightly at the tactics they would engage in. He saluted and then went about the business of readying the ship for service.
The Gunnery Officer, Billings, was no Robert Whitefield, but expressed enthusiasm for the new carronades; fortunately the Chief Gunners mate who would be training the crew was an experienced gunner of both naval and field weapons.
The first sailing was predictably poor with the ship worked by individuals rather than a team. Richard introduced a prize system for the watches who performed best; unfortunately for the men at least it could not include a rum ration: one of the first orders of the new navy was to declare all its ships dry.
By the third cruise Talon was responding well to the crews handling and only the new rigging needed adjusting and in one instance, redesigning. It was at dawn on the second day of the third cruise that a fast sailing unarmed sloop was sighted, closing fast from the northeast on a course for Boston. Richards eyes watered his glasss lens opaque as he offered up endless silent prayers until he could make out the sloops name on her foaming bows. Rebecca.
You have put on weight, Andrew, due to insufficient action no doubt, laughed Richard as he clasped Andrews hand and then introduced him to his officers.
We have had action enough, Captain, but more on that later. We have your carronades, Sir, but not all of the same poundage; we had to delay several weeks while new barrels were forged and bored. I am sorry about the delay, explained Andrew.
You have no need to apologize, man, you managed the round trip in what, ten weeks? An excellent effort, Richard turned to his officers who readily agreed.
Richard looked at the short chop on the seas surface.
First Officer, could we effect the exchange of cargo now at sea? I am anxious to avoid prying eyes on the Boston Docks, asked Richard.
I believe we can, Sir, if the cargo is dismantled, but may I suggest we leave at least two to be unloaded at Boston. It may look suspicious otherwise, replied Lewis.
Excellent advice, Number One; please expedite the transfer. Richard took Andrew to his cabin to pump him dry of information while the crew on both vessels prepared heavy-duty hoists and tackles. It took twelve hours of backbreaking work to secure twenty-eight carronades in Talons holds.
Where did you find her? Richards first question was about the sloop, not the guns.
On the Clyde, Captain; she was auctioned to recover debts after the Admiralty had commandeered the larger ships in the company to transport troops. The locals were timidly raising each other in low bids of a pound when I offered her true value of four hundred pounds. In the resulting flabbergasted silence she was knocked down to me. Her original name was.
Do not tell me, Andrew: to me she will always be Rebecca, cut in Richard, looking about the small rosewood-lined cabin with pride.
Buying the carronades was no problem, there is no love lost between the Carron works and the Admiralty, it was filling the order  all I could manage was twenty six thirty two pounders, two twenty four pounders and two massive sixty-eights, continued Andrew. There is still some coin in the chest and here are the receipts for the carronades. Andrew sat back and took a deep breath.
You may keep the coin for your float, Andrew, said Richard.
Float, Sir, what float? Andrew asked.
Your cash float, Andrew  you are now Captain of the Rebecca and may engage in any favorable commerce. I have only one condition and that is, no armaments: Rebecca is far too small to mount anything of significance, you must rig her for speed. Richard stood and shook Andrews hand. Andrew for once remained speechless.
Talon docked in Boston the following morning and a deliberately delayed Rebecca four hours later. Richard made much of the unloading of the two remaining carronades and followed the huge carts back to Talon.
They have no wheels, said an urchin.
Or trunnions, said another, to show his knowledge of guns.
I have been instructed to assist you with their installation, said the shipbuilder in Richards ear.
I thought you would be far too busy completing your ships, replied a surprised Richard.
There are no ships, Captain, nor a shipyard; the British Navy raided us three days ago and destroyed everything, replied a grim shipbuilder.
Any concerns the shipbuilder may have had over the conversion of Talon disappeared when confronted by the task of installing the carronades.
We should mount the heavier sixty-eights mid-ship, Captain, and the lighter twenty-fours forward near the bows; that should ensure an even trim, suggested the shipbuilder. Richard gave him full authority to install the carronades in consultation with the Gunnery Officer. Richard made a tour when the installation was complete two weeks later.
Each beast is mounted on a sliding mobile pedestal and secured by a lug under the barrel, bubbled the Gunnery Officer. You see here, Sir, an elevating turn screw secured through the pommel instead of a wooden wedge and the bores are so tight there is little wind age as in most cannon. The man was quite happy to prattle on but Richards attention was drawn towards a smiling Simpson.
Simpson, it is always a pleasure to see you, but I thought that you were employed ashore repairing weapons, said Richard.
That I am, Sir, but with Captain Sorensons permission I was given leave to install a superior firing mechanism on the carronades, Simpson revealed his devices proudly. There were no firing mechanisms on the previous cannons: ignition was by means of touching a glowing cord or match to a gunpowder filled touch-hole. Simpson had attached a flint-lock beside the touchholes, much like a musket; a long lanyard activated it.
Much faster and safer, Sir, having glowing matches around charges of gunpowder was always dicey, said Simpson.
Guns? Richard asked.
Bloody marvelous Sir, came the reply and Richard agreed.
Commanding Officer on deck, called Lieutenant Lewis over the wail of bosuns pipes as Captain Sorenson climbed aboard Talon. Richard had an immense feeling of pride as his crew came to attention dressed in their new uniforms. The officers uniforms were not uniform; the design of such was not a high priority in the new navy. Sorenson inspected every sailor, then the ship, and was impressed by what he saw and said so. He presented Richard with the new naval ensign: a ring of thirteen white stars on a blue quarter square, red and white horizontal stripes filling the remainder, and wished Talon God speed. The wail of bosuns pipes had hardly dissipated when Talon retrieved her lines and was towed into mid-harbor to await the morning breeze.
CHAPTER THIRTY
Again! ordered Richard and the men muttered under their breath.
Perhaps a gun practice might ease the tedium, Sir; the men crave action, suggested Lewis.
I am aware of that, Number One, but it is in the small details where we might succeed or fail. The deck cannons crews are too slow to man their guns; have them wear only a civilian jacket over their uniform, no one will see their trousers behind the bulwark, ordered Richard. The men redressed and the gun port hatches were hauled back into place and then the exercise was repeated.
Much better, commented Richard. Send for the Gunnery Officer Number One; this time we will have live firing. The officers on the quarterdeck relaxed as the word was passed.
Are you satisfied that your computations are correct, Guns? We can reduce charges if you have any doubts, asked Richard.
I believe they are, Sir, the carronades, when fired when not fully run out, will recoil all the way back to the extended pedestals. Stoppers further up will be screwed in place while the pieces are being reloaded, and after that it will be normal firing, said a confident Guns. Midshipman Murphy can you release the colors without a tangle this time? Richard asked.
Yes Sir, replied an embarrassed Murphy in an as yet unbroken voice.
Action Stations! Richard yelled, and Talon changed from a lazy cargo ship into an active warship. Sailors shrugged out of their civilian clothes and ran to battle stations. The deck gun-crews manned the twelve pounders that had been previously loaded with grape. Midshipman Murphy tugged open the bundled colors at the top of the mast and fifteen gun-ports crashed open.
Fire! ordered Richard, and the deafening broadside emptied into the sea caused Talon to reel away and smoke to obscure the main deck. Over the ringing in his ears Richard could hear the flurry of activity as the guns were reloaded and realigned.
Fire when ready, ordered Richard, taking note of which guns were reloaded in the fastest time. When the massive sixty-eight pounder had disgorged the last shot Richard was well satisfied.
Stand the men down for breakfast, Number One, and have them all assembled on deck at four bells, and have Guns report to me if you please.
Aye Sir.
Officers and men of the Talon. All of you are volunteers, something the Royal Navy can never claim and that makes us a better crew, but it is also an incentive for all of us to fight to win and avoid capture at all costs. None of us would fancy spending the rest of the war impressed in the Royal Navy, and do not think that they would expect us to fight against our fellow countrymen. No, they would post us to relentless hardship and boredom in the Mediterranean, Caribbean Sea or even off the new penal colony in Botany Bay Australia.
Some of Talons crew looked apprehensive.
All of you volunteered for action, but action on the Talon will be very different from that of any ship of the line, as you will have already deduced from your training. Whether equipped with long or short ranged weapons we could never engage a purpose built warship, and even if we did succeed in capturing or sinking a third rater or an aging smaller frigate the Royal Navy would not give a toss. They can build ships faster than we could sink them. Our mission will be far more damaging to the enemy: by capturing merchant vessels we reap the benefit of denying supplies to an enemy that will soon be forced to ship most of the material of war across a wide and unfriendly ocean. Not only will our new nation gain the benefits of these supplies and ships, but also we will all gain the benefits of prize money.
There was a murmur of interest from the crew.
What we lack in speed and firepower we must make up for with deception, guile and surprise, but in our success we must be polite to any civilian detainees and facilitate their repatriation as soon as possible. We must treat any enemy prisoners with honor and respect and make their incarceration as healthy as possible, and do all this in contrast to the British Army Hessians who are currently raping and pillaging our countryside.
The murmur had turned into a low growl.
It is our time, it is Talons time: let us go fishing!
The men cheered and threw their caps into the air, and even Lieutenant Lewis smiled.
Captain James Jackson of the Bastion was dreaming. He was dreaming of the retirement he would enjoy once his return voyage was completed: a cottage in Kent, perhaps well away from the sea where his wife of thirty years could engage in her passion, growing award-winning roses. He had invested much of his savings in the cargo of ironware agriculture implements and machinery, all of which would sell readily in a fast growing Colony.
Excuse me, Sir, but there is a French merchantman overhauling us on a similar course for New York, interrupted his Deck Officer.
Well of course she would overhaul us, wouldnt she as would every other vessel not laden down as are we with iron? She is riding relatively high, probably carrying French panties and perfume. Both officers watched Talon draw abreast and then shorten sail to match Bastions four knots.
What the devil is she up to  wants to parlez-vous, perhaps? chuckled Jackson.
Talon was all action and a brief instruction. The gun-ports slammed down, revealing the muzzles of the large carronades. The Stars and Stripes broke from her masthead and uniformed sailors ran to the deck cannons, and trained them on Bastion.
Surrender your ship or you will be sunk! came a metallic voice through a hailer.
Captain Jackson had no option, but could not say the words and could only nod to his Deck Officer.
Strike the colors, the Deck Officer ordered.
Bastion was soon searched and secured, the Captain and Officers confined in Talons passenger cabins and her crew locked down in the hold. A prize crew took over and Richard spoke to the Junior Lieutenant in command.
Your first command, Patterson: take good care of her and we will see you in Boston.
Aye Sir, replied Patterson, full of pride.
Well, that was a load of fun was it not? Richard asked his Duty Officer.
The Amelia Gray followed a day later, carrying a cargo of wool and linens and the stunned crew added to Talons guest list. The smaller schooner Dunedin seemed hardly worthwhile until the cargo list revealed scotch whiskey and mail.
The fiery Captain McKay stormed up to Richard on the Quarterdeck and complained, Ye are nay following the rules, Captain!
Rules, Sir? This is war, not a game of tennis, replied Richard.
The Captain of the large ex Indiaman Devon was a different kettle of fish. Captain Franklin had served in the Royal Navy fighting the French and retained an intense hatred of them. When he ascertained that Talon was closing on a course that would pass within a quarter of a mile he ordered a change of course and his four deck guns manned and loaded despite observing that Talons cannons were unmanned.
Damned French, cannot stand their smell of garlic, he muttered.
When Talon also changed course, Franklins suspicions were confirmed.
Something smells here and it is not their garlic; clap on all sail and bring her around out of the wind, he ordered.
Devon, with the wind behind her and an increased sail area, began to pull away but Talon did likewise, following like a shadow and slowly closing the gap and breaking out her colors.
Leach the water tanks and dump all excess weight, cried Franklin desperately.
Talons reply was an eighteen-pound shot from its bow chaser falling short.
Devon gained a knot but it was not enough  her heavy cargo of rice and sugar sat her too low in the water. Another bow-shot fell closer. Franklin realized that he could not prevent a boarding from a naval vessel; his only chance was to turn and fight, hoping for a lucky shot to disable the enemys sails.
Bring her around and engage with cannon, Franklin ordered.
Devon came about and her guns fired a ragged broadside followed by individual firing. Talon, still bow on and closing, could only continue to fire its bow-chaser with neither ship scoring a hit.
At two hundred yards Richard ordered, Bring her about, Number One, and engage with our deck cannon; we need to chastise this stubbornness.
Both vessels pounded away at each other, scoring the odd hit but neither suffered serious damage due to their stout construction. Talon, however, had the wind age and was being slowly pushed towards Devon. At a hundred yards Richard tired of the game of cat and mouse and ordered his gun-ports opened.
Whether anyone on Devon heard the call to surrender at that distance was never determined, but Captain Franklin shook his fist and personally fired the shot that smashed into Talon, killing two. The resulting counter broadside punched holes killed men and shredded sails aboard Devon. She began to sink quickly and only a dozen survivors were rescued, their Captain was not among them.
After repairs and burials at sea Richard was prepared to return to Boston. His holds were full of prisoners or guest officers and captured species, and food was running low, but his luck held.
Three days later the Nomos, carrying returning loyalist colonials and businessmen intent on profiting from the war fell into Richards hands like a ripe plum: Nomoss Captains concern for his passengers insured that. Richard now had no option but to return to Boston.
In Boston they were treated like heroes, their successes welcome at a time when the war was going badly and General Washington in retreat. There were some mutterings against tactics bordering on illegality but the auctioned cargos caused local businessmen to thrive, and the motto of the new America was the business of America is business.
Richard pleaded with Captain Sorenson that repatriation proceed as slowly as possible to delay the British knowledge of Talons tactics and to an extent this was achieved, but nevertheless, while Talon was on its second cruise, reports began filtering back to British Naval Headquarters in New York.
CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
I want this mongrel hybrid of a ship sunk and its piratical Captain hung at the yard-arm, Rear Admiral Hawthorn tapped a thin finger on the reports scattered on his desk.
Actually he has acted within the law as it stands, Sir, by declaring before going into action, and the reports on your desk do point out that he has acted the gentleman at all times in regard to his prisoners and passengers, suggested his Senior Officer.
Gentlemen do not sneak up on merchant ships in disguise then blast the hell out of them, Captain: I want him found and sunk, if Whitehall get even a whiff of this there will be hell to pay, said Hawthorn.
We are hard pressed at the moment, Sir, protecting our convoys with every available ship of the line, pointed out his Senior Officer.
Ship of the line be damned, send a well-armed, frigate, ordered the Admiral
Several hundred miles to the north a well-armed British frigate was about to engage Talon.
I suppose it had to happen sooner or later, Sir, just bad luck we have so many prisoners aboard, commented Lewis as both men viewed the approaching frigate with concern.
I know this frigate, Number One, but she is the Eagle and more importantly she knows us as the French Juliet. Have all the prisoners moved starboard side, any action will be on the port, and double-shot the carronades, ordered Richard.
Eagle came on relentlessly.
If he follows the rule book correctly, Captain, he will station marines in the rigging, and that could prove rather awkward, Lewis pointed out.
We will have to rely then on his arrogance, replied Richard.
The Captain, ex-Lieutenant of the Eagle, squinted through his telescope. He saw two young women at the rail with their arms around each other. He did not hear the wolf whistles of their crewmates in the rigging. The ships cannons were unmanned.
I know this ship: it is the French Juliet and had rather a bad time last time I boarded her; put a shot into her bows, he ordered.
Did you mean across her bows, Sir? asked his Lieutenant.
I meant into her bows, Lieutenant: she needs to be taught a lesson, the Captain replied.
The shot, when it came, was completely unexpected and smashed well aft of the bows, killing two gunners crouched behind a hatch cover.
That was no accident. Lewis was so incensed he forgot the Sir.
Patience, Number One, any time now, said Richard softly.
An alert midshipman on Eagle spotted the gap of a gun-port near where the shot had damaged Talons side and squeaked a warning. It came too late.
Talons colors broke and her broadside slammed over a ton of iron into Eagles side. No frigate had ever been designed to withstand such punishment and Talons deck cannons swept her decks with grape, compounding her misery.
Eagle heeled away from the impact, then lurched back like a dying animal. Her sails fluttered and flapped like the broken wings of some great white seabird and she began to settle. Talon put on sail, cleared the sinking ship and reloaded. It was unnecessary. Eagle had only managed to get two shots away, neither of them causing any serious damage to Talon.
The enormity of what they had done began to sink into the memories of the Officers and men of Talon.
Stand by to pick up survivors, Number One, I fear this may be our action in these waters; once word of this gets out we shall have to hunt further afield, reasoned Richard.
It was not their last action: Talon took two more prizes, making a total of five before returning to Boston.
Richard delayed his sailing to await the birth of his child. After James came crying into the world at seven pounds two ounces Rebecca pleaded with Richard to remain with her.
You are a very wealthy man Richard; resign your commission and enjoy your family, you have done your bit, pleaded Rebecca.
One last cruise, my love, and I will do just that, promised Richard.
The cruise did prove to be his last.
Richard studied the charts with his Navigation Officer and Lewis.
We will have to go northeast on a large semi-circle to reach the south, that is the safer route target ships will sail to reach America, suggested Richard. His officers agreed. Talon never reached the south.
A frigate, Sir, the same class as the Eagle, pointed out Lewis.
But without the same arrogance I fear, answered Richard.
The British frigate did not hesitate: it closed to within four hundred yards and opened an accurate fire with its twelve-pounder cannon. Richard had no option but to reply with his two similar deck guns.
Have the two port cannon shifted to the starboard, Number One, he ordered.
Four into fourteen will not go I fear, Sir, replied Lewis.
In a very short time shot began to hit Talon, pounding her sides, thwacking through her sails and dismounting a cannon. Talon had some success, judging by the reduced fire from the frigate, but it would only be a matter of time.
Fire at her sails, Number One; Talon is French built, so let us fight like the French, ordered Richard.
Talons gunners elevated their cannons slightly but initially had no success. It was a wind change that gave Talon a temporary respite. It struck her first and gusted her out of range. Richard ordered on every stitch of sail Talon could manage and watched as the frigate fell further behind.
We might just do it, Lewis prayed.
Finally the wind reached the frigate and her sails filled. Whether she set too much sail area or that Talon had damaged a mast would never be determined, but the frigates fore top-mast snapped and fell, snagging the rigging and fouling other sails. The men on Talon gave a ragged cheer.
A shot from the frigate had smashed previously into Talons forward paint locker. Normally it would have done little harm, but William had left some of his highly inflammable varnish behind. The heat of the shot burned some spare sails, then almost extinguished until a puff of air through the shot hole glowed the material red and then burst it into flame. When the flame reached the varnish it became a roaring fire.
The smoke was not noticed at first, smoke being a backdrop to any ship in action and by the time it was, the bow was well aflame. Richard ordered Talon to turn away from the wind in an attempt to tack without the wind spreading the fire to the rest of the ship. He also hoped the bow wave would put out the flames, but it was not to be.
Man the pumps men or we are lost, Richard shouted, but the spurts from the hoses were too little, too late.
After ten minutes Richard gave the order that no Captain wishes to give.
Abandon ship, save whatever you can water, food and small arms, he ordered and silently thanked God that he had no prisoners to attend to; Talon had not enough longboats to accommodate them. Of the frigate there was no sign.
Talons longboats bobbed in the water, survived heavy seas, sailed when the wind was in the right frame of mind and rowed until the men were exhausted for three weeks. When the food had long gone and they were down to the last barrel of water for the six boats, Lewiss accurate navigation brought then to within sight of land north of Boston. Fishing and boats found and attended to them before towing them back to Boston. Talon was gone, but many a British merchant Captain, unaware of her fate, continued to sail well south of the area until the end of the war.
EPILOGUE
Richard was never offered another command. High-ranking officers from both sides condemned his tactics. The Americans labeled them bordering on illegal and the British smacks of murder. He kept his promise to Rebecca and resigned his commission to build up a small merchant fleet. Rebecca bore him another son, Andrew, and a daughter, Rachel. James would later become a congressman for the new State of Massachusetts. It is not known what became of the Italian barreled rifles imported by Richard, only smooth bore muskets were used by both sides at Concorde, Lexington and later, Bunker Hill.
Talon was the first armed merchant raider but not the last. The last square-rigged ship commissioned as a warship was the armed merchant raider See Adler commanded by the flamboyant Count von Luckier in World War One. The See Adler sank seventeen merchant ships without the loss of any enemy crewmembers before being wrecked in the Pacific.
The concept proved costly for the Allies: in two world wars, German armed merchant raiders sank more tonnage than the combined submarine and surface fleets.

