Tathagata
Book Two: Youth


Ulf Wolf

Smashwords Edition
November 2012

Copyright


Tathagata - Book Two: Youth
Copyright 2012 by Wolfstuff


All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
Tath?gata 


Smashwords License Notes


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




::1:: (Pasadena)

Imagine this: An ocean in a small flask. A vast day encased unable to unfold. A universe with cheekbones.
An impatient genie.
Yet, I have learned patience. As Bruno awaiting sentence for nearly a decade in that cold, infested cell, watching each day claw its way across the sometimes slippery, sometimes frosty floor and back into darkness.
As Natha in the Tusita Heaven, returned from Earth, willing my just planted seeds to grow, hoping they would spread, reseed, grow, spread, reseed, grow, to eventually cover the Earth, knowing they had to do this on their own, by the impetus of my teaching, for I cannot guide each and every spirit individually. Far, far too many. I have not hands enough, nor fingers enough to point.
And here and now, learning patience all over, now as Ruth, the little flask for me the ocean. It never gets easier.
Learning, too, how to maneuver this flask. On wobbly legs at first, too feeble to support much of anything, then growing less so, then growing stable, then working balance from joke to fact, into the first step, and then the second, and so walking soon, muscles agreeing now and all pulling in the same direction.
Finding voice and shaping it into words sung out across air, mainly to Melissa and Ananda. But sometimes to others. To Doctor Fairfield, my pediatrician, amazed, she says each time we meet, how well I have developed, how so very healthy I am-for it is true, this bottle does not get sick. Amazed, she says each time we meet, how quickly I am learning how to talk, how precisely (is the word she uses, each time) I pronounce each word, and so clearly. She said once it was as if I had been born in Inverness, Scotland, where, so she said-and she had been there to hear it for herself, she informed us, each time-they speak the clearest English in the world. Well, I don't know about that, but I know that I enjoy a clear voice, clear enunciation, the unambiguous, the translucent, the distinct, the fine. Nectar for the tongue and palate. Luminous song. Amazing, says my pediatrician, again, and wonders if we've ever been to Inverness.
Ears to hear words slung back across air from other lungs, other tongues. Language. This jumble of many strains that calls itself English.
To be honest, I prefer Pali, where by long and deep agreement words rise out of and mean things more essential to life. A language where nuances were spiritual and aesthetic rather than material and economic.
Still, English is a bountiful garden, replete, wild and untamed, and often profound enough to serve quite well. And if individual words do not burrow as deeply as those of Pali, they easily and nimbly, and willingly-I have come to discover-combine to metaphor to take you deeper, as deep even as Pali, and sometimes even deeper still, as the target image forms just beyond their borders.

Twice, Melissa thought of moving. The house is just too big for us three, that is her feeling. Twice, her parents talked her out of it, and us into staying put, at least until the real estate market comes back (is how her father put it). So we're still here, in this rather large house, with its ornate front door and marble-slabbed entryway; where my room is still called "Ruth's Chamber," where Melissa's hall of a bedroom is now referred to as her "domain," and where Ananda's book-filled den-cum-guestroom is always called the "library." He likes books, Ananda does.

As planned, Melissa went back to school to study philosophy and religion. She graduated with honors. She gave some thought to teaching, and did post-graduate work in that direction, but in the end she changed her mind. One day not so long ago she told me-well, us, really, for Ananda was there too-that the only reason, really, that she went back to school was to find out what questions to ask me.
Ananda doesn't laugh often-smiles, is what he does-but that time Melissa managed to coax a hearty laugh out of him, so surprising, and so apropos was her announcement. Then, when Melissa looked alarmed and was about to apologize, he quickly apologized instead, "No, no," he said, "it's not like that at all. I think you're brilliant."
Well, I think so, too. She's quite brilliant.

Charles made some trouble for her at one point, and by extension, for me and Ananda as well. That was about four years ago. I had just started school. By that time he had married Sarah-Sarah Gray who insisted on keeping her own last name, not even Sarah Marten Gray, just Gray-and perhaps this trouble was her idea, I don't know, but that fall he went to court to obtain joint custody, and that dragged on for a while. He was very remorseful in his approach, and the judge almost grated it, but in the end-and much to our, especially my, relief-turned it down.
Apparently, according to the ruling, I am well enough taken care of by Melissa and my "uncle" Ananda, and Charles did, after all, abandon his then wife, and child, for his current Gray wife, which didn't sit too well with the judge.
Spoke volumes about Charles's character, is how the judge put it.
There was some talk about Charles filing another motion in the matter implying (or stating) that there was something untoward going on in the house between Melissa and Ananda (which, of course, is total rubbish), but in the end he (or Sarah, or both of them-or their legal representation) thought better of it.
He (and Sara) still come around on occasion to see me-he does have visitation rights, after all-and then we all turn our very politest, and endure. I don't care for him very much, but I don't don't care for him either. He's a large, turbulent ocean in a confused bottle.
Sarah is a calmer sea. I think she calls most of the shots.

And while we're on the subject of enduring, both Melissa and Ananda insisted that I go to school. They must have plotted, because they spoke with one voice when they said that I must be raised as normally as possible, as unobtrusively as possible (is how Melissa put it-inconspicuously is the word Ananda used). The better to lay the groundwork, said Ananda and Melissa as one. Well, there was no budging them. Ananda can be very stubborn, and Melissa is not doing too badly herself in that department.
Still, I tried. I objected, argued, pleaded, but they would have none of it, so off to school I went, clear enunciation and all.

Imagine this: Being taught the alphabet (as a six-year old in first grade) while knowing English a far sight better than my teacher (an overly enthusiastic Mr. Campbell-he always bubbled, but it rang false). It was a matter of faking ignorance, a matter of not giving myself away. Singing with the rest of the class: A-A-A-A-A, B-B-B-B-B. Yes. boring. Yes, enduring. Though, I did like the little sea of voice that we lofted in praise of Alphabet, the God du jour.
Same goes for the other subjects: Mathematics. I have always had an agile mind, have always enjoyed the abstract dance of symbol. To press this analytical freedom into the service of 2+2=4 (without noticeable objection) is no small feat. I deserve medals.
I cannot claim I outright suffered, per se, but it does wear on you. More than once that first year I asked Melissa and Ananda to please, please, please take me out of school and go with home schooling instead.
That would give Charles a reason to file some other motion, answered Melissa so right away that she must have considered this option as length. Ananda-my trusted attendant-sided with her, so what's a six-year old to do?
Back to school, with my little lunch and my little books in my little backpack, that's what.

I did well-and by that I mean, I did not give myself away-through third grade. Melissa was proud of me, she said, and in such a way that I was not beyond lapping it up. Ananda chimed in, proud, too. Then, last fall, enter Kristina Medina-Mrs. Medina to me-our fourth grade teacher, who proved the challenge I wasn't quite up to.
Some people are more perceptive than others, that's the problem, and Mrs. Medina is at the very top of that particular class.
Today, by the way, is my birthday. This little bottle is ten years old, and I know that they have something planned. I have to stop myself from peeking into heads, because I want it to be a surprise.



::2:: (Pasadena)

Kristina Cortez was only sixteen years old when she eloped with a man thrice her age. She did this more to make a statement of independence from her parents than to accommodate and formalize her feelings for Cameron Phelps, her soon-to-be husband.
Unable to quite believe his luck-for, while well-to-do, he was not a balm for sore eyes, quite the opposite-and giddy with the insanity of it all, he let her drive his Corvette all the way to Las Vegas, even though she had no license, and even after she got them a speeding ticket in Barstow. "We're off to get married," she said by way of explanation to the officer who took her protestation on faith, along with a crisp one hundred dollar bill, but nonetheless handed her the order to appear (unless you pay the $300 fine, of course) with the comment that "She'd better have a license next time." Then added, with a polite nod, "Have a nice day."
A blemish on their bliss this ticket, true, but it soon faded, along with California, into the west as they crossed into Nevada and managed to arrive in Las Vegas without further tickets.
She looked her vivacious best in that Elvis-styled Chapel, and he, grinning ear-to-ear, followed suit as far as it went (he would never look good no matter what the circumstances).
Ten minutes later they were married and headed for the casinos.
Ten hours later they finally made it up to their room.
Twenty minutes later she was thoroughly impregnated.
Four hours later she woke up into a sun-filled and worst-ever hangover (more like a still drunk but now with an absolutely first-rate headache) and knew without as much as a glance at her now snoring husband that she had made the biggest mistake of her life.
But she had made this bed and she was damned if she wouldn't lie in it. She would not give her parents the satisfaction of her running back for help.
So, straight-backed and determined she spent the rest of the Las Vegas weekend and the next two Los Angeles months with Cameron Phelps, doing her best to be and feel wife-like. Not very successfully.
She also ruled out all other reasons for missing her period, twice.
She didn't tell her husband, nor did she tell anyone else, especially not her parents. Instead, she made an even biggest mistake of her life.
The secretly spent two thousand dollars bought her a brutally terminated pregnancy and a severely damaged uterus. She would never conceive again.
Six months later and Cameron now making noises about needing "space" she called that particular spade by its proper name and suggested they get divorced. Apparently quite relieved, Cameron agreed, and Kristina took a big gulp of pride and finally called her mother.
"I've really screwed up," she said.
"I know," her mother confirmed.
"And Dad?"
"Worried. Furious. But nothing we can't handle."
"Can I?" she said.
"Of course, Honey."

The second night back home she told her mother about the botched abortion, and she took her daughter to the hospital the following morning for a full checkup.
"Oh, Honey. What on earth were you thinking?"
"I wasn't."
The news were not good, and never got better, and her parents never longed for grandchildren, at least not within her hearing.

She met Daniel Medina in graduate school. She was working on her thesis on Philosophy vs. Religion, and he was studying law. "To be the best public defender Los Angeles has ever seen," he told her. "And you?"
"Elementary school teacher."
"You said your thesis was on Religion vs. Philosophy."
"It is."
"Why?"
"To answer some questions."
"What questions."
"I can't tell you, or I'll have to marry you."
"So tell me."

Kristina got her master's degree in philosophy and then spend another year in a teacher's college. She was overqualified to teach grades four to six, they said at Pasadena Polytechnic School, would she not rather teach in the upper school. No, she said, four to six is what she wanted to teach. The pay is less, they told her, and she, in turn, informed them that even if she tried really very hard she probably could not care much less.
She got the job she wanted in 1996, and she has been one of Polytechnic's most beloved teachers ever since.
She and Daniel were married in 1997, and have navigated a mutually satisfying-though childless-marriage fairly successfully ever since. There was the one single mishap with Julian in 1998, just the one well-kept secret mishap.
And now she had been invited to Ruth's tenth birthday party.
Mysterious Ruth.



::3:: (Pasadena)

Kristina Medina arrived early, emanating her trademark layered multicolor as she rang the doorbell.
Still slightly uneasy: perhaps the invitation had not really been one.
One day during the last week before the holidays, Melissa Marten, picking up her daughter after school, had remarked that Ruth's birthday fell during the Christmas break-a little unfair to children to have Christmas and their birthday so close together, don't you think? (to which Kristina had shaken her head, no, she didn't think so)-and, in pretty much the same breath-and most likely unintentionally, just polite chatter, really: why didn't she drop by if she wanted to? The fourth. Two in the afternoon. Ruth would enjoy that.
Nothing further, however. Nothing written. Still, even if open to interpretation, it had been said, no doubts there; and now, here she stood, waiting for the door to open.
And she knew why:
She had something to tell Melissa Marten.
Who now swung the door open.
"Mrs. Medina," she said, part surprise (which she had expected), part delight (which surprised and delighted her).
"Guilty as charged," she said.
"You remembered."
Kristina wasn't quite sure how to take that. "Of course." 
"Ruth," said Melissa back into the house, and quite loudly. "Look who's here."
Ruth came running round a corner and pulled up, skidding a little on the marble, but with a big smile, "Mrs.Medina."
"In person," she said.
"Come in," said Melissa.
Kristina complied, then handed the present she had brought for Ruth, who curtsied, said "Thank you," and then handed it to her mother, who apparently knew better what to do with it. "Thank you so much," said Melissa.
Kristina smiled in return, then followed them into their living room.
She wasn't sure what kind (or size) of a party she had expected, but there had not been many cars parked outside, nor were there many people inside. Three children, and their mothers by the looks of it, although one of those mothers seemed more like an older sister, or perhaps a baby sitter. She recognized Ruth's uncle, Ananda-who wasn't really an uncle, she was pretty sure of that, and she had yet to make the family connection. Lastly, in the corner of the room sat a somewhat dour man, silently with a woman she pegged as a lawyer at first, and second glance. And that was it.
The children looked a little uneasy, and uneasier still once they spotted "the teacher" in their midst.
The hostess did her best to engage and jolly the place up, but things felt a little strained, and Ruth, that mysterious child, seemed aware of that and a little at loss as to how to behave.
She spoke to the children, inviting them to come along, she had something to show them, apparently. Two accepted, but the third moved closer to her mother, and shook her head. A few minutes later Ruth was back, the pair in tow, no less uncertain for whatever Ruth had shown them.
A party, Kristina decided, that tried quite hard to be one, but didn't know how to.
Melissa, apparently reaching the same conclusion after a while, fell back on protocol: "Cake," she announced cheerfully, and disappeared into the kitchen, soon to return with a gorgeous cake with ten burning candles. Someone other than Melissa started the song, and Kristina joined in, "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Ru-uth, happy birthday to you."
One deep breath and precise exhalation later, and the ten candles painted ten thin streaks of smoke into the air. "A wish," someone said. "Yes, a wish," someone else agreed. Ruth, obliging, closed her eyes and apparently wished for something.
Presents were opened and thanks were given. The dour man (Ruth's father, Kristina decided), left for just a moment, then returned with a very large package, beautifully wrapped.
"Here you go, honey," he said. "Happy birthday." His lawyer friend (wife?) smiled and echoed the happy birthday.
Ruth did not rip the paper from the large present in expected frenzy, but somewhat expertly removed it, to expose the bicycle box. "A bicycle," she said. "Thanks, Charles."
"You're welcome, honey," said Charles's wife (Kristina had spotted the rings). "I hope you like it," said her husband.
"I do," said Ruth. "I will."
More cake was served. Soda refills. And then the mothers and the baby sitter realized what time it was and with best of wishes and thanks (and you're welcomes) drifted out of the house and away.
The father and his wife also looked at their watches and decided things were over. Ruth was very polite to this couple, and thanked them again, assuring them that she would "get good use" of their present. Just the thing she would say.
And then only Kristina, the "uncle" Ananda, Melissa and Ruth remained. Melissa, discovering that Kristina had not left, seemed a little unsure as to why. Ruth seemed quite happy about it though, and Ananda smiled to himself.
"Mrs. Medina," said Melissa. But didn't add, "You're still here."
"I brought you something else," said Kristina to Ruth, retrieved it from her handbag, and then held it out for Ruth to take.
"A Mortimer," said Ruth, more impressed than surprised as she accepted the gift.
"Oh, my," said Melissa. "These things are a fortune."
"Not for teachers," said Kristina, which was only partially true. Even with a generous educational discount, the Mortimer did not come cheap. And neither should it. Introduced in 2015 and perfected within the next two years, it was the first holographic, hand-held (it was hardly larger than paperback book) encyclopedic research tool the world had ever seen. Its content beautifully researched and presented (as well as constantly and automatically updated), the Mortimer soon became standard equipment for any serious student in just about any field, at least for those who could afford it.
"A Mortimer," Ruth repeated.
Even her uncle stood up to get a closer look. "A Mark III," he said. Also impressed.
"He has one," Ruth explained to Kristina.
"A Mark I," he said, almost apologetically.
"There is no way," began Melissa, but a little too late. Kristina had already handed it to Ruth, who showed no signs of letting go, severing all strings. No going back on this.
"You shouldn't have," Melissa said again.
"A present to match the student," said Kristina.
When Melissa didn't seem to understand, Kristina said, "Do you have a moment?"
When Melissa didn't quite understand, Kristina added, "Just a brief word."
"Sure," and smiled and gave Kristina her full attention. But she made no sign of moving, so Kristina said:
"Somewhere private?"
"Oh, sure," now realizing the extent of the original request. "Of course."
Kristina followed her host into the Kitchen, where Melissa cleared the table sufficiently for them to sit down by it. "Coffee?" she asked.
"That would be nice," said Kristina.
It had started to rain outside. Not heavily, but hard enough that, here in the stillness of the kitchen, she noticed the soft drumming on the roof.
"Have you lived here long?" she asked.
Melissa, by the stove, arranging the coffee, turned to face her. "Yes. From before Ruth was born."
"It's a lovely house."
"That it is."
Then silence returned, a thousand rain drums in tow. Melissa brought two white coffee mugs down from a cupboard, then poured fresh coffee. "Milk? Sugar?" she asked.
Kristina shook her head. "No, thanks. This is fine."
Melissa sat down and looked right at Kristina. "What do you want to talk about?" She said. Then added, "Ruth, I gather."
"Yes."
"Everything's fine, I hope."
"Oh, no. Nothing like that."
Melissa sat quietly, waiting for more. Sipped her coffee.
"Do you tutor her in any subjects?" Kristina asked after considering for a while how best to put things. It wasn't really what she wanted to ask, but at least it was headed in the right direction.
"What do you mean?"
"Reading? Writing? History?"
Melissa tensed ever so slightly, all alert now, though still smiling.
"History?"
"Yes. Or religion."
"No," said Melissa. "No, we don't."
When Kristina, rather than speaking watched the steam curl and rise from the coffee-surface, Melissa said, "Why do you ask?" The obvious question.
There was, however, no obvious, or easy answer. It was a feeling, a notion, but she was good at notions, and from years of experience had learned to trust them. But how to put it?
Well, she might as well just say it. "She knows more about Giordano Bruno than I do."
:
Their conversation had started innocently enough. Just before the holiday break, Kristina had given her children an impromptu history lecture on Rome, brought about by a stray question concerning the pope and where he lived, and what was his job anyway?
The little lecture included a snapshot of ancient Rome, Christianity, and the centuries between then and now. There had been many popes, she told them, all with names ending in roman numerals. This surprised some of the children, who for some reason thought there had ever been just the one. And all through this, her precocious self, Ruth had sat very still, eyes clear and steady fixed on her teacher, nodding now and then as if in agreement.
Kristina again had the little terrifying notion that this child knew more about what she was teaching then Kristina did. As if she approved of what she was hearing, ratifying veracity.
Then, better than halfway up the centuries, Ruth raised her hand.
"Yes, Ruth."
"Did they burn people?"
"Burn people?"
Most of the class seemed unsure of what precisely had been asked, and some, clearly, had a problem reconciling fire and people.
"Yes," said Ruth.
"They don't burn people," said Agnes, a little offended it seemed.
"Sure they do," said Ruth.
"It has happened," said Kristina as diplomatically as possible.
"No way," said Agnes.
Ruth was about to say something, but Kristina shook her head at her, and Ruth said nothing.
"Why would they burn people?" asked Thomas.
"When they disagree with them," said Ruth.
"What?" said Thomas.
"What?" said Kristina.
"They call them heretics," said Ruth.
What could she do? The child was absolutely right. They did call them heretics, and they did burn them. But how on earth would she know?
"Yes," she said to the whole class. "Yes, they sometimes burned those that disagreed, at the stake. And yes, they called them heretics."
"I don't believe that," said Agnes, still offended at the thought.
"Wow," said Thomas.
Kristina quickly drew her little discourse to a close, and managed to arrive at the present, with its current pope, just before the bell.
As the class filed out, Kristina asked Ruth to stay.
She did. When they were alone in the room, Kristina, by the way of a feeler said, "You must read a lot."
"Some," agreed Ruth. Meant, Kristina was almost certain, as an understatement.
"Heretics?" she said.
"And saints," said Ruth.
"This," how was she going to put this? "This interests you?"
"I find it fascinating," said the child.
"What? Anything in particular?"
"Bruno," she said.
"Bruno?"
"Giordano Bruno. He was a good man. They burned him anyway."
Kristina had heard of him, of course, but not in any great detail. "Giordano Bruno?"
"They kept him in the Nona Tower for years and years. Then they dragged him on top of a donkey to Campo dei Fiori, and set a match to him. Well, not a match, they didn't have matches then."
Kristina was too stunned to reply for the better part of a minute. And not once did the child blink.
Later that evening, Kristina looked him up on her Mortimer: Giordano Bruno. And yes, indeed, he had been kept in the Nona Tower for "years and years" as Ruth had put it, and yes, indeed, they had finally dragged him to the Campo dei Fiori on top of an ass, and set him alight.
Kristina had put her Mortimer aside in a wonder bordering on chill.
:
"Bruno?" said Melissa.
"You've heard of him," suggested Kristina.
"She has mentioned him."
"Ruth has?"
"Yes." Then Melissa added, "She reads a lot."
"That's what I thought."
"Yes," Melissa confirmed, partially to herself, "she reads a lot."
"Where did she find this? In which book? History? Religion?"
"I honestly don't know," said Melissa.
"Could we ask her?"
And here, again, Melissa Marten seemed to tense up, as if veering too closely to some internal precipice. Finally, "Sure. Why not."
"I don't remember," said Ruth looking from Kristina to her mother and back to Kristina.
"She doesn't remember," said Melissa, as if translating.
"Big book or small book? Online, perhaps?"
"She doesn't use the computers much."
"I don't remember," said Ruth with such finality that Kristina decided not to pursue it. Instead, she said to Melissa, watching the back of Ruth recede into the hallway, "She's a very precocious child."
"I know," said Melissa.
"Have you had her tested?"
"Tested for what?"
"IQ, aptitude. I'd wager she'd score well."
"I'd wager the same," said Melissa.
"So, you haven't?"
"No."
"Would you consider it?"
Melissa took another sip, and considered the cup for a while, then her hands, then the rain outside. "Why?" she finally said.
"I have taught children her age for many years, Mrs. Marten, and I have never come across anyone like her."
"Melissa, please," said Melissa.
"Thank you, of course. And please call me Kristina."
Melissa nodded and smiled softly. Then asked again, "But why have her tested? What difference would it make?"
"I think she might be a prodigy. I really do. Bright does not even begin to describe her. The word, actually, that comes to my mind more often than not is ancient," said Kristina.
Again, Melissa seemed to teeter on some brink.
"I don't know," she then said. "I don't see the point."
"It's just a thought," said Kristina. "A suggestion. Nothing more."
Melissa nodded again, yes, yes, she could see that, and appreciated it, don't get her wrong.
"Thanks so much for the Mortimer," she then said. "You really shouldn't have."
"A gift to match the student."
"Ananda has one. Well, Ruth told you that."
"Yes."
"She loves it, I can tell."
Kristina nodded. Running out of things to say. Still seeing Melissa Marten on some sort of wire, performing a balance. Just a notion, but she was good at notions.



::4:: (Pasadena)

Melissa closed the door after Kristina Medina. She had offered to lend her an umbrella to see her dry to her car, but Ruth's teacher had declined. What's a little rain? The last she saw of her was the colorful skirt (or was it skirts, Melissa wasn't sure) ripple in the little winds and the brightly colored shawl flutter through the rain down the street. She didn't look back. Melissa wondered fleetingly how old the woman was.
She found Ananda and Ruth comparing Mortimers in the living room; observed them not noticing her for a while. Try this, said Ananda, and Ruth did. And try that. She did. Ananda impressed, even a little jealous, perhaps.
Melissa sat down, still teetering a little, still a little unsure how much of a leak their secret had sprung, if any.
"She wants you tested," she said loudly enough to startle the little conference on the sofa to look up at her.
"For what?" said Ruth, who always caught on pretty much instantly.
"She thinks you're a prodigy." Then she looked directly at Ruth, and not necessarily kindly. "What have you told the woman? She mentioned Bruno."
"We had an exchange about him."
"What about him? What did you say?"
"Just that he was burned at the stake after a short donkey ride."
"She made a point of telling me that you seem to know more about him than she does."
"Well, that would stand to reason, wouldn't it."
"This is not a joke, Ruth."
"I know."
"What did she say?" Ananda wondered, a Mortimer in each hand, though each forgotten.
"She wanted to know how Ruth knew."
"What did you tell her?"
"I told her she reads a lot."
"I do," said Ruth.
"She also called her precocious," said Melissa, still answering Ananda's question. "Thinks we should have her tested."
Then she added, again looking right at Ruth, though still addressing Ananda, "She strikes her as ancient. Yes, that was the word she used. Ruth strikes her as ancient. Bright, she says, doesn't even begin to do her justice." Then finally to Ruth, "We've been over this."
Ruth, looking a little uncomfortable by this point, nonetheless smiled. "The woman is perceptive," she said.
"This is not a joke," Melissa said again.
"I know," said Ruth. "I told you, I know."
The silence that fell upon the room was not comfortable. Rifts in it where turbulence seeped through. Ananda finally broke it, "Perhaps this is not so bad," he said.
Melissa looked at him as if wondering where the sound had come from. "What's not so bad?"
Ruth turned to him as well.
"I think Ruth has done very well to keep a lid on things for as long as she has."
Ruth nodded in agreement. "It's not easy," she said.
Melissa looked from one to the other, at these two people on her living room sofa, who, as far apart as two humans could be on the surface of it, yet were so familiar with each other. For good reason, of course, but at times-still-hard to believe, to even wrap your wits around.
"Have you told her anything else?" Melissa asked Ruth.
"No, I haven't."
"Just about Bruno?"
Ruth pondered for a while. "I do answer questions. And I do get them right."
"Nothing wrong with that," Ananda told Melissa.
"Always right?" inquired Melissa.
"Well, yes," said Ruth.
"There might be something wrong with that," said Melissa.
The silence threatened to return, as uncomfortable as before. They had discussed this before, and never quite resolved it: the question of when?
And the question of how?
Ruth was impatient, and who could blame her? Ananda was a little impatient, too, getting on in years. Seventy-two by now, if she had things added up right.
"Until we know how," she said, "we cannot know when." This as much to herself as to Ruth and Ananda.
Ruth sighed. It was the same sigh of resignation she had sighed the last time the subject came to a boil. For they didn't know how best to.
Ananda looked at Melissa, but said nothing.
"You're only ten, for heaven's sake," said Melissa.
"I'm ancient," corrected Ruth, not quite joking.
"Yes, and that's the problem," said Melissa.
Ananda still said nothing.



::5:: (Pasadena)

Although the subject had been raised before, and often at that, the first true discussion about it took place when Ruth was six years old.
Melissa was still having a hard time reconciling the adult-not to say ancient-words uttered by her young daughter. To be sure, there were times they actually struck her as faintly normal, but these time were still too few, and too far between; the extraordinary still holding the upper hand.
At six, Ruth was getting antsy, is how Melissa put it. Restless, is how Ananda put to. Eager is how Ruth put it.
She was here for a reason, Melissa was well aware of that. But she was also well aware that no one, not in this day and age (perhaps in India 2,500 years ago, yes, but not today) would listen for more than two minutes, if that, to a six-year old holding forth on suffering and the origin and end of suffering before calling the police, a shrink, or both.
But Ruth did not want to hold her horses-though she did like the expression, she said.
In the end, the only consensus they reached was that Ruth would only "go forth" as Ananda put it, by consensus. Unless they all agreed on the how, and the when, she would, in fact, hold those horses, restless thought they were.
Once Ruth (reluctantly) agreed, Melissa felt a little calmer about having the Buddha in her house-the Tathagata, her daughter.
:
That summer, that of Ruth's sixth year, saw another attempt at resolution. It was during their 2016 Colorado summer vacation, where Ruth had almost, almost-she stressed this-given the game away after overhearing two "new agers" (as Ananda called them) discuss Dhamma within her hearing. Normally possessed with a calm that saw her through most everything, something in this exchange rubbed her so the wrong way that she cast the bulk of caution to the wind and set out to correct them: "Excuse me," she said, looking up at the two disputing know-it-alls, neither of whom heard her, or chose to hear her. "Excuse me," she repeated, almost a shout, which caught their attention.
"What?" In a curious unison.
At which point Ruth finally did get a hold of herself, as she later reported at the condo (leased for two weeks).
"I can't do this much longer," she complained. Primarily to Ananda, but to Melissa as well (washing up in the kitchen at the time, but within earshot).
"Can't do what?" she said, appearing in the kitchen doorway, towel in hand.
Ruth told them what had happened. "They haven't a clue," she said. "Just words, words, words, back and forth. How could I stand by and listen to that?"
Melissa, more pragmatic than either of her two charges (yes, at times she viewed Ananda as an impossibly older sibling or an even more impossibly graying child that she was responsible for-though this was not really accurate nor fair, for Ananda took well care of himself and more besides; still, it was just a feeling she occasionally had and didn't particularly dislike) said, "It's not like you have a choice."
"I do have a choice," said Ruth.
"We have agreed," Ananda pointed out, referring to the not-so-distant consensus.
"We have agreed," confirmed Melissa, referring to the same thing.
Ruth acknowledged this by her silence. Then she took a deep breath, and said, "Do you have any idea what this is like?"
"Yes," said Ananda, who did.
"I can imagine," said Melissa, who tried to.
Ruth was about to say, No you can't, but she did not. Instead she said, "I feel like a prisoner."
"I know," said Ananda.
"I can imagine," said Melissa after a short pause, and still very much meaning it. Then, swinging the towel onto her left shoulder, she said, "You're too young, Ruth. There is no way. It would not work."
Ruth did not look up, and looked every bit her age, faced by relentless logic.
"I'm sorry," said Melissa.
Ruth said nothing.
:
At seven, it was shortly after her birthday and they were now on the promised trip to Catalina Island, things again came to a head. Ruth had said nothing on their way to Long Beach. Had said nothing on the boat to the island. Had sat quietly by the window, turned away from Melissa and Ananda, looking out at the gray and restless water. Had said nothing while they checked in and settled at their hotel, and now-while looking out the sliding glass doors at the still foggy ocean below-was still not talking.
"Are you planning to keep this up the entire weekend," said Melissa, none too gently, still putting things away in drawers.
To no answer.
Ananda looked at her, and shook his head gently: leave her alone.
No, Melissa did not want to leave her alone. Buddha or no Buddha, Ruth was her petulant daughter and she was not behaving very well. "Ruth," she said. "I'm talking to you."
This earned her a daughterly shoulder shrug, indicating she could not care much less.
"Ruth."
Finally, "What?"
"What is the matter with you?"
No answer.
"You wanted to come, remember?"
"Yes."
"So what on earth is going on?"
Ruth finally turned around and this changed the room's mood completely. Both Ananda and Melissa saw that she was crying. Softly and sparingly, but crying nonetheless. Cheeks glistening, eyes shiny but unbright.
Melissa fought down the urge to run over and take her daughter in her arms, but not for long. She lost sight of the Buddha and only saw the young girl, distraught, wrapped her arms around here and asked softly, "What's wrong?"
"Everything," she said into her mother's dress.
Melissa hugged her even tighter, "Could you be a little bit more specific," she said, knowing Ruth would actually appreciate the question.
"You have no idea," said Ruth, still into the embrace.
Melissa knew not how to respond, so didn't. Just held her daughter, as if trying to draw the despair out of her and into herself.
"I have an idea," said Ananda.
Ruth unburied her head and looked at him with blurry eyes. "I know," she said. "I know you do."
"What is it Ruth?" said Melissa.
"I cannot wait," she answered.
Of course, Melissa realized, of course this is what it was about. And equally of course she had no answer to it that would appease her daughter. "Ruth," she said. "You are too young."
"I feel like a coiled spring," she said. "Bursting from not bursting."
Melissa let go of her, and sat down on one of the beds. "I am not going to pretend that I know how you feel," she said. "But I cannot lie to you either. Were you to go forth at this point, nothing would be gained. Nothing. In fact," she added, "I would probably lose custody."
That reached home. Ruth's face, shinily streaked from unwiped tears, turned serious, intent on her mother. "What do you mean?"
"They'll think you're crazy. And they'll think I'm to blame. Charles would be in court before you could snap your fingers."
"She's got a point," mumbled Ananda.
"I know," said Ruth after a moment's reflection. "That's the problem."
"What's the problem?" said Melissa.
"I'm the problem. The world's the problem. It's a straitjacket, Melissa. This body. No, not this body, this person."
"What person?"
"Ruth."
"You?"
"No."
"But you are Ruth."
"I am not Ruth, Melissa."
"You are Tathagata."
"I am not even him."
Melissa looked to Ananda for support. For clarification. She didn't follow. He looked right back at her, but if there was something to say, he gave none of it away.
"I am an ocean in a bottle," said Ruth. "A sky in a pearl."
Melissa tried her hardest to comprehend, to imagine, to empathize with her daughter's containment, but she couldn't, and couldn't, and then found she could, as talons or tendrils or arms or craggy shores rose to contain and restrain. For several desperate heartbeats she could not find her breath. Above her a hatch was slammed closed, and sealed, and now she ached from the compression.
Smaller and smaller yet the same size, crushing borders nearing, closing, the same amount of her, in far, far less space, and less still. Was he doing this? Was her daughter?
She slipped off the bed and hugged her knees, twin apparitions of the faintly familiar. Shook, forced her eyes opened, forced them to look at her, at her daughter Ruth, who found the gaze and returned it, steadily drinking her space away.
"Stop, please," she said.
Ruth stopped. Melissa unfurled.
"That's how it feels," she said. "Only, there is no one to stop it for me."
"How?" said Melissa after a while.
"I shouldn't even be here," said Ruth.
"Yes, you should," said Ananda.
Ruth didn't answer. Then said, "I'll take that as a no."
Melissa shook her head slowly, "What are you talking about?"
"Consensus. Not today."
"Yes," said Ananda. "That's a no."
:
Ruth held those horses for another two years, did not even broach the subject. Not once. What suffering there was she suffered in silence. Whenever she thought of it, Melissa was relieved. Whenever he thought of it, Ananda was concerned.
Then, on the evening of her ninth birthday, just after opening her one present-a complete set of Beethoven's piano sonatas (she had come to adore-her word-the German composer, and had hinted-and none too subtly-that she would like to have "some of his piano music"), and now putting it aside, she said, "I no longer agree."
Melissa-as if expecting the subject to surface (it was that time of year), even bracing for it-froze. Ananda looked up from reading one of the CD sleeves. It was as if the Catalina conversation had only been suspended, and was now set free again. "We agreed, said Melissa. "You agreed."
"I know."
"You agreed," confirmed Ananda.
"I know."
"You cannot unagree," said Ananda.
"I can." And truly meant it.
And of course she could. She could do anything, Melissa realized that, and so did Ananda.
"You have seen the world," said Ananda.
"I have."
"You know what it would do."
"I don't know that."
"You hope," said Ananda. "You hope that it will listen."
"I do."
"What will you tell it, Tathagata? What will the nine-year old girl go forth and tell the world.?"
"The four noble truths, and the noble eightfold path."
"And the world will listen? That is what you think?"
"That is what I think."
"Well, Tathagata, you think wrong," Ananda declared.
"It must," said Ruth.
"It will not," said Melissa.
"How do you know? How could you know? Why do you say that?" Addressing the two of them. Almost shouting.
"I have been here nearly seventy years," said Ananda. "I have seen the depths to which it has sunk. I have seen the fears it has gathered and now wraps around itself as a wreath, eyes blind with earthy dust. It will not understand."
"It will not understand what?" said Ruth.
"It will not believe a nine-year old," said Melissa, "no matter how true her words."
"I can convince them."
"You'll be deemed insane, and treated accordingly," said Melissa.
"It's a chance I'll have to take," said Ruth.
"It's a chance I will not permit you to take," said Melissa.
"How are you going to prevent me?" said Ruth.
Melissa said nothing. Ananda looked from one to the other. Ruth said nothing. Melissa looked down on her hands, then back to her daughter, "By never speaking to you again," she said.
Ruth looked stricken. She looked over at Ananda who now actually smiled. She looked back at Melissa who held her gaze, daring Ruth to disbelieve her.
"That's not fair," Ruth said finally.
"When the time is right," said Melissa, "I will do whatever it takes, whatever I can, to help you. I believe you, I know you, and I know what you must do. But I also know that you must succeed."
"Fair or not," said Ananda. "Melissa is right. And you, Tathagata, know better than to dishonor your agreements."
"It is so hard," said Ruth.
"We will know when the time is right," Ananda said. Melissa nodded her agreement. "And then we will know how."



::6:: (White Mountains)

In March of 2020 they took a trip to the White Mountains in northern California. Ruth wanted to speak to the Bristlecones, she said.
Melissa, who had only heard of Bristlecone Pines fleetingly-she couldn't remember where, though she tried to-borrowed her daughter's Mortimer and did some research, from which she emerged astounded.
"Five thousand years old?" she said.
"And mostly heartwood," said Ruth, looking over her shoulder.
"What's heartwood?" said Melissa.
"True wood," said Ananda.
Early spring the weather had yet to turn blistering as they drove through high desert and salt flats. Signs pointing east spoke of "Death Valley" not too far away in that direction. They looked at each other, each softly shaking a head. None of them opted for a detour.
The little motel in Big Pine had two adjacent rooms for rent-in fact, had most, if not all, of the motel for rent-so Ruth and Melissa settled in one of them, Ananda in the one next door.
"Are you really going to talk to them?" said Melissa, as they unpacked the few things they had brought, hanging things up on an odd assortment of leftover plastic and wire hangers provided-or not cleared out-by the motel.
"Yes," said Ruth.
"So you believe," began Melissa, but then realized that she didn't quite know what she was asking.
Ruth did, however. "It is not a matter of belief," said Ruth. And then, as if she had been meaning to tell Melissa for some time about this, "So much, today, is just that. Belief. No, not even belief. Belief is too strong a word. Hope, that's what it is. At its base, it is nothing but hope, and vague hope at that. Wish."
Melissa didn't answer. She knew what Ruth was talking about, could feel the meaning viscerally. Didn't want to think or analyze the words lest her instinctive certainty took wing.
Ruth, working her sweater and jacket them onto unmatching hangers, continued as if addressing them, but Melissa knew each word was meant for her.
"Life is life is life," she said. "Some life has tongues, other life has leaves. Whether tongue or leaf, life knows life. Life knows the presence of life. Life sings life."
"Sings?"
Ruth finally worked her sweater onto too large a hanger. Then turned and looked at her mother. Her eyes more startlingly blue every day, Melissa thought. Her hair darker and darker, nearly the blue black of distant Indian cousins now. Such an incongruous combination, a little unsettling.
"It is not the right word, I know that. But no other word comes closer. It is the song of the floorboards when the low notes of the church organ begin to breathe. The ear is fooled into believing that nothing speaks, but your feet know better."
Melissa wondered how Ruth knew, but it was the perfect analogy, for she remembered knowing this the first (and only) time her mother had brought her to an organ recital. The Pasadena Presbyterian Church, if she remembered correctly, on Colorado Boulevard. The low notes, those notes her feet heard way before her ears, if indeed the ears truly caught on.
"I know," she said.
"It's not so much a vibration," said Ruth, "as it is a layered ocean."
Melissa sat down on the edge of her bed, waited for more.
"We talk through surface ripples and waves," said Ruth. "We know through deeper currents. And there are currents deeper still, cooler, slower, more patient. We have our roots in those currents, same as the bristlecone."
Melissa tried to picture it. Tried to be this picture. Succeeded.
"Precisely," said (or thought, Melissa didn't notice which) Ruth.
"How do you learn? How can you hear?"
"Not with your ears," said Ruth. "With your roots."
"But I don't have any roots," said Melissa.
"You don't?" said Ruth, in mock surprise.
"I do?" said Melissa.
"Of course," said Ruth.
"How can I learn?" said Melissa again.
"Listen, but not with your ears."
"Like when you appear in my head?"
"Like that, but deeper. As if your history appeared in the present as roots."
"You'll have to show me," said Melissa.
"That I can't do. I can only point."
She had said this before. She can only point. She will only point. These were the words of the Buddha Siddhattha Gotama, she knew that. Had read that. He would only point. The looking, the seeing, the experiencing, was up to her. Up to the pointed-for.
"What do you expect to hear?"
"From the bristlecone?"
"Yes."
"I expect to hear the song of true heartwood."
:
They set out the following morning, a good hour before sunrise. Melissa drove, Ananda studied the map and gave directions. Ruth, in the back seat, quietly saw what could be seen in the diminishing darkness the other side of the car window.
The road, as it happened, was well marked, and soon they were serpentining up the broad mountain side of the White Mountains, home of the world's largest congregation of bristlecone pine.
The sky drew less dark, then less dark still, then pink in the east, then streaked with flame as the oncoming sun blushed strips of cloud barely above the horizon. There was no wind, just the slow, majestic turning of planet that by minute degree intensified the brightness of flame, until the flame extinguished into white and the tip of sun-a steadily growing arc, massive even at such distance-heralded morning.
The half-light struck the old bristlecone and sprung it alive.
They all saw it at the same time. Alone, atop a small slope, perhaps fifty meters off the road. Neither Ruth nor Ananda told Melissa to stop, it was a given.
She stilled the engine, and they climbed out into the thinner, colder air. The world was still asleep, and the only sound that reached their ears was the soft and occasional crackle of the car engine cooling from the journey.
The bristlecone grew lighter and lighter with the Earth's continued turning, and the three of them set out to greet it.
The terrain was rocky and dry. No path here. Just stones and tenacious little plants, brown and green asking not to be stepped on. Careful where you place your foot lest you slip. One mindful step after the other, repeated, and repeated again, they made their way up the hill, where it stood, looking their way, as if expecting company.
And so they arrived, the three visitors, none moving now, just looking at this ancient citizen. At ancient wood, still standing. Ruth finally stepped all the way up to it and touched it with both hands. Closed her eyes, and sang the deepest layer of ocean this planet knows.
:
Melissa heard nothing but soft wind rising. It was coming out of the east, as if sunlight had harnessed the air, or the other way around. Soft air on cheek, a small chill against her neck. A whisper in her ear. I am air. I am sun.
Ananda to her left had closed his eyes.
Melissa could not tell whether Ruth had, too; her hands still on ancient trunk, her face turned away, head tilting down, slightly, as if listening intently or respectfully.
Then Melissa, too, closed her eyes-or her eyes closed themselves.
Out of the silent distance, the cry of a bird. Not an anxious cry, or an agitated one. A greeting perhaps. Soon answered. Other priorities, other lives lived, other tales told.
Then there was only the wind again, light-carrying toucher of cheek and stirrer of hair, rustler of pine, waker of brushwood. Melissa took distant note, and knew how much she enjoyed life at this moment.

If it was a note, she didn't notice its arrival. Perhaps it had always been with her, always beyond reach, until now. Part of her makeup all along. These could have been, but were not thoughts. Not articulated as such, anyway. But there was a note, for a note is a vibration, is it not? And there are spectra. And there are layers, one deeper than the other. Perhaps a vast or distant enough ear can hear the once a day oscillation of the Earth turning, perhaps an ear larger still can hear the once an aeon turning of our galaxy. Though this note called for ears less colossal.
The difference between a note and just any sound, Melissa could have thought, but didn't-instead it rose as unarticulated epiphany-is the constancy of oscillation, the core of beauty. The continuous scraping of tectonic plates, for example, which is quite audible to the larger ear, is not a note, it is a noise. The constant indigestion of the Earth's core is no song, it is a complaint, a peevishness.
What she heard with her larger ear was a note. First one, then another. Several, long and slow each. A song.
The next notion that rose was that she was not listening as much as seeing the song, though she will later never resolve the difference, if any.
Perhaps, she did think, I am listening to language, though no message beyond the unutterable beauty of the wave reached her, as if beauty itself stood guard, and would not let meaning through, one not meant for her ear.
Perhaps, she thought, I am listening to conversation. This thought, however, was more like the brief glitter of firefly than statement of being, soon gone, leaving her lost to beauty.
When Ananda finally spoke, it might has well have been a stone, or a twig, or a moss speaking, Melissa had such trouble locating a source of the word. Then he spoke again, the same word: "Melissa."
She finally opened her eyes. Ruth was looking at her, Ananda, too.
"Sorry," she said. "I was miles away."
:
There it stands, atop a small, pathless incline perhaps fifty meters away. A solitary tree, this copse-less bristlecone. Was it him I heard? Was it he that called?
We all see it, as with communal eyes, as with communal ear. Melissa stops the car, parks as far off to the right of the road as she can, even dipping the wheels over the bed side, kills the engine, looks back at the beckoning tree.
We careful our way up the soft slope, sidestepping rocks and anxious shrub, step by deliberate step approaching the soft light surrounding him that I wonder if Ananda sees, too?
I look over at him but he is too busy placing feet just right to look back, but then he looks up and I know he, too, sees the soft glow of true heartwood.
Arrived. First we stand, a small congregation, and very still, as if awaiting an invitation, though we were already invited, expected even. In awe of his age, that is how we stand.
Then I step up to him, and place my hands on his trunk, fuse my hands to his trunk, fuse my being to his, and then I listen.
He had a name once, he tells me, but it is so old it has crumbled under the weight of years and turned to distant dust, though he wishes he could gather and de-dust it, and so greet me properly, for he knows mine, he says, and then he says it, Tathagata.
Yes, I tell him, yes, I am Tathagata.
"And you have come," he says.
"Yes."
"Bearing questions?"
"One, yes."
The river that sings his words is deep and untroubled. Far beneath the rumble and mumble of earth, far beneath the always longing of gravity. Slow and still the deep note rises and falls with meaning.
"What would you know, Tathagata, that you don't already know?"
"I would know-for in this world, I don't know-how best to help."
"And I would know?"
"You never left," I answer. "Half a life you had lived before I returned the Buddha, half a life again you have watched the folly of the world, from here, safely aloof, pondered its many fates and stirrings."
"This is so," he answers.
"Surely you know humankind as well as anyone."
"That may be so."
"So you would know," I say.
"You may be too late," says the bristlecone.
"I must not be too late. I must never be too late."
Hearing the tree think its regal thoughts is like listening to slow moving water deep below the Earth's surface, eddies like galactic arms converging, conversing, comparing impressions and conclusions, sifting through memory deeper still, and so finally arriving in unison, through roots older than any other living thing on this Earth, "He reveres science," he finally tells me. "Science is his new religion."
"Man?" I ask, just to clarify.
"Yes. Science is his new God."
I taste the meaning and it tastes like truth. "You know this," I say. Not so much as a question as a confirmation.
Again, the tree consults his roots, as if he too needs confirmation. "Yes," he says finally. "This is so. The twin doors of religion and mysticism are mostly shut." Then adds, "There was a battle, a long battle, a thousand years ago. Religion the victor at first, then not."
"Science the victor?"
"Yes."
"That is the door then," I say.
"That is the one door seen by all, respected by all, revered by all."
"I don't know anything about science," I protest, but that is not really true.
"Modesty does not become you," says Ananda at which the tree, I swear, chuckles.
"Ananda!" I say.
"I invited him," says the tree.
"But I don't see how," I begin.
"Science without religion is hollow," Ananda says. "And religion without science is blind." Then adds, "According to Einstein." 
"I still don't see how," I say.
"You will," says the tree. "You must."
I can feel Ananda agreeing somewhere behind me, though he says nothing.
:
That evening at the motel the three of them gathered in Ananda's room, all on the floor. Ananda was leaning against his bed, Melissa sat just by the window, and Ruth to the side, underneath the wall-mounted (dark and silent) television, facing the two of them.
They had said little on the way back from visiting the bristlecone, each perhaps a little stunned-or elevated-by the encounter and now immersed in private thoughts. Neither had they spoken much since.
Looking first out the window, and then at Melissa and Ananda in turn, Ruth said, "I am well versed, but I don't know how to tell it."
Melissa said, "You're well versed in what?"
"In science," said Ananda.
Which Melissa didn't follow.
"He knows what science knows, and more, but not in its current terms," explained Ananda.
"What do you mean?" she asked of them both.
Ruth said, "Today, he said, the door is science. It is the new god, the almighty and the most revered."
"I assume that by 'he' you mean the bristlecone tree?"
"Yes," said Ruth and Ananda in unison.
"But you don't know how to tell it," she said. "What does that mean?"
"I know science, I know it well," answered Ruth. "But I don't even know the English words that might approximate what I know-if, indeed, they exist."
"Then," said Melissa, "if that is the door, you must learn the words."
Which to both Ruth and Ananda was such an innocently perfect answer that they both looked at her in wonder, then smiled.
"From the mouth of babes," said Ananda, realizing as the words left him that they were not the right ones-though perhaps relatively speaking they had bearing.
"What?" said Melissa, confused by smiles and words both.
"You are right," said Ruth. "I must learn the words."
Ananda nodded in agreement.
"Well," said Melissa, understanding, and smiling now as well, "You're welcome."



::7:: (Pasadena)

He answered me, and his answer was science.
I have done little else all weekend but reflect on this, on whether the old tree is correct or not. But why should I doubt him? He simply spoke truth as he saw it. Still, has he seen enough, and does he then judge correctly? Is science really my path then?
The more I ponder, the more I add all these impressions of the world I have gathered through television, at school, in the papers Ananda says he prefers to that ignorant tube as he calls it, the more I agree with the tree, the more I see that he is right. The new priesthood is science-particularly medicine. If I am to be believed, if my voice is to carry, it must resonate with the authority of that field.
I see that the tree is correct.
:
They reached consensus that evening.
Ruth was to become, among other things-they all agreed-a physicist.



::8:: (Pasadena)

Ananda returned from the library bearing quantum gifts.
"Here you go," he said, placing a stack of what must have appeared to Ruth as tomes on the living room table.
Ruth closed her Mortimer and surveyed the impressive little tower of paper. "What is it?" she asked.
"Your path," said Ananda. "Elementary and advanced physics."
"Dinner is ready," said Melissa from the kitchen.
"I have this," said Ruth, holding up her Mortimer.
"It is good, I grant you that. But you need more than that. You need the grounding to prove your understanding in their field."
"What do you mean?"
"Dinner is ready," Melissa's voice carried emphasis this time.
"What do you mean?" repeated Ruth.
"You need to know quantum mechanics and string and other theories well enough to contribute to their current research, not just enough to sound intelligent on the subject."
Ruth looked from Ananda to Melissa who appeared at the doorway, "Dinner is ready," she said.
Ruth put the Mortimer aside and scrambled to her feet. Ananda said, "Sorry," and followed Ruth and her mother into the kitchen.
"I think Ananda is taking this a little too far," said Ruth.
Who disagreed by not responding.
"Taking what a little too far?" said Melissa.
"This physicist thing."
"How so?" Then, "Pass me your plate, please."
Ruth did, and said, "He wants me to not only walk like a physicist, and talk like a physicist. He wants me to be a physicist."
"And Ananda is wrong, why precisely?" said Melissa, handing Ruth her plate back, now home to a generous helping of steamed rice and vegetables.
Ananda looked to Ruth for her answer, in no way straining himself to hide his amusement. Ruth frowned, and began eating.
After several well-chewed fork-fulls, as if careful mastication would serve up the answer, she said, "I can be science literate in a few months."
"What exactly is a science literate person," said Ananda, clearly enjoying this.
"A science literate person," said Ruth, keeping up the stressing-the-word-literate game, is someone whose voice will resonate with today's population.
"You once told me," said Ananda. "Or asked me, rather, how you tell the truth from its perfect impersonation, and you stressed perfect, as in perfect in every way, as in indistinguishable from the original."
"Yes," said Ruth. "I remember."
"And do you remember the answer?"
"Yes," helping herself to another fork-full, and chewing it well.
"And?"
"And," she said once done with her toothy task, "you can tell."
"Even if the impersonation is perfect in every regard?"
"Even if the impersonation is perfect in every regard."
"Explain to Melissa," said Ananda.
"Even if perfect in every regard," said Ruth in her mother's direction. "Even if the impersonation is indistinguishable from the original, the impersonation remains impersonation-even if perfect, still impersonation-and the person, the spirit, life will always know the true from the false. At heart, life always does."
Melissa listened carefully, and Ananda saw that she understood. "And now Ananda has the temerity to suggest that you become the real thing," she said.
"Yes," said Ruth. "That's precisely what he has, temerity," but looking by this time like someone who has managed to talk herself into a corner.
"Or your voice will not resonate," said Ananda. "Not truly."
To which Ruth had no answer, so instead she smiled like Ananda had seen the Tathagata do when the former Ananda's advice held up to scrutiny and was accepted by the Buddha.
:
"Interesting?" said Ananda one night.
Ruth looked up from a book on string theory with many diagrams and not a few equations. It was one of the many books Ananda had brought back from the library. "I'd like to have my own copy of this one," she said. "So I can mark it."
"Interesting, in other words," said Ananda.
"Yes," said Ruth. "They are so clever," she added.
"In which way?"
"They think in such microscopic detail, and harmonize things so well. And they extrapolate-well, theorize-so well." Then she said, "I need to understand their mathematics better. Their symbols and logic."
Ananda nodded. He had seen this coming, for many-if not all-of the writers of the books he had surveyed were well versed in the theoretical structures and formulae of their subject, and there probably was no way to enter their field, on their terms, without that dialect as well.
"That would be quite an undertaking," said Ananda.
"Nonetheless," said Ruth. "I think it's something I'll have to face."
Ananda nodded, yes.
"Much of this is true," said Ruth, giving a nod to the book in her lap.
"I wouldn't know," said Ananda, and meant it. He had little or no stomach for the tiny particulars of myopic investigation-as he thought of it.
"They do look," said Ruth. "And hard."
Again, Ananda nodded, yes, he was sure they did.
"But do people really listen to them?"
"What do you mean?"
"These people, these physicists, are at the forefront of physical science. They are looking and thinking their way into the heart of mysteries, and they understand each other, that seems clear. But does anyone else understand them? Does anyone else really care? Does anyone actually listen to them?"
"Several of these writers are Nobel Laureates."
"So the Nobel committee cares."
"Or seems to."
"Or seems to."
"I don't know, Tathagata," said Ananda. "I don't know to what extent, if any, the man in the street cares about quantum physics."
"Or even knows about quantum physics," said Ruth.
"Or even knows about quantum physics," repeated Ananda.
"And the world is mainly made up of men in streets," Ruth pointed out.
"True."
"It seemed so clear to me," she said. "That science would reach them. As the bristlecone said."
Ananda took an age to answer. "Maybe the average man does not know about, or care about quantum mechanics, but he respects the scientists that do."
"Is that enough, Ananda?"
"If you can bridge, or reconcile, science and religion."
"That is a tall order."
"And your mission isn't?"
"Touch."



::9:: (Pasadena)

That day-it was now early April-Kristina Medina arrived back from lunch early in order to prepare for her next class. On entering the quiet classroom she didn't even notice Ruth at first. It was only when her young pupil turned the page in the book she was reading that Kristina looked up to quickly survey the room for the source of this papery whisper. And saw: Ruth, in her seat, immersed in story, unaware of Kristina's arrival.
Kristina walked up to her. Ruth, first now sensing her presence finally looked up.
"What are you reading, Ruth?"
Ruth place a finger at her place, and brought the book closed to show her teacher the cover.
"The Self-Aware Universe," read Kristina. "What is it about?"
"Religion and quantum physics," said Ruth, truthfully.
"Religion and quantum physics?" Kristina wasn't completely sure she had heard this right, but there was the book, there was the cover, there was the eye as universe-which struck her as a clever design. "Can I have a look?" she said.
A little reluctantly Ruth opened the book to her fingered place, then ruffled through the pages following to find her marker. Located, she placed it at the open page, re-closed the book, and gravely handed it to Kristina. Following orders.
"Thank you," said Kristina. Then read from the cover, "How consciousness creates the material world." She opened the book, scanned the table of contents: The Integration of Science and Spirituality. Quantum Physics and the Demise of Material Realism. The Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen Paradox.
Ruth waited quietly for her book to be returned.
Kristina closed it again, turned it over and scanned the back cover. Much praise. Then she looked up at Ruth for some time before she said, "Who are you?"
That was not the question she had intended to ask. She had intended to ask how, and why. But when the question left her lips it surprised Kristina more than Ruth.
"Your most precocious student," said Ruth.
Kristina handed the book back to her. "I'd say." Then, "No, really, Ruth. Who are you?" Not really believing her own question, but feeling the need to ask it. "No ten-year old girl reads books on quantum physics."
"This one does."
Kristina pulled out a chair from a nearby desk and sat down. Thoughts came tumbling down like boulders, large and clumsy. Ruth, still as a tree looked at her, unopened book in hand. Curious. Waiting.
"I know," began Kristina. "I know you're advanced for your age. But this," she nodded at the book, "is more than advanced. It's," she paused, looking for words, found them, then added more to herself, "it's a little frightening."
Ruth nodded an adult nod, yes, she understood. A little frightening.
"Are you someone?" said Kristina, unable to let go of the notion.
"Yes," answered Ruth. "I am someone."
"You know what I mean," said Kristina. Though that didn't come out right. It sounded like something she would have said to her husband in an argument. She felt her face color. Looked down.
"I do know what you mean," said the child.
"Well, then. Are you?"
"Yes," said Ruth.
"Who, then?"
"One day," said Ruth, and with such finality that Kristina knew not to inquire further, "I will tell you."



::10:: (Pasadena)

Julian Lawson was sitting in the back seat of the family car when he shocked his father.
He was eleven, curious, and bored. The weekend at the upstate cabin had been a rain-out. Five people in the small house, pinned down by pelting weather, for two days. Not a recipe for tranquility.
Now he sat behind his father. Sally to his right. Alice to her right. Both older than Julian, both reading. Julian looked out at the gray skies through the rain-streaked car window, and said, "What makes gravity pull?"
His farther Alex thought of himself as a theoretical physicist. Not that he thought of himself very often, he preferred thinking in formulae. In aesthetic symbols and numbers that ebbed and flowed like music across blackboards, boards and boards of them, pages thick with of them, code void of life or meaning to all but the initiated.
Alex Lawson was one of the initiated.
Then his son said, "There doesn't seem to be a good reason why it should, does it?"
Alex did not answer, unsure of what to say. He was actually holding his breath.
"Perhaps it's a matter of longing," said Julian, to whom that seemed natural enough.
"What are you talking about?" said Alice.
"Gravity," said Julian.
His father shot him a long glance via the rearview mirror, "What do you mean by longing, Julian?"
"Perhaps it feels separated."
"What feels separated?" said Sally.
"The things that long to be closer," said Julian.
"That is the stupidest thing I've ever heard," said Alice.
"Stupid as they come," said Sally.
"Girls," said Olga, their mother. She did not like them ganging up on Julian. It was unfair, and childish, and she tried to convey all of that in that one word thick with her still heavy Russian accent, both the "r" and the "l" very distinct.
Neither girl answered their mother.
Nor did Alex Lawson answer is son, still too stunned to make sense. Longing was not the word he himself had assigned to theta in his current equation, the word he had used was yearning. Splitting hairs though. And how on earth?
Julian, unaware of the to-be-expected sisterly taunting and of his father's silent bewilderment, continued to look out the car window, and said nothing more. Really, he had only been thinking aloud, hardly aware of having spoken.

That same evening-everybody safely back in a drier Brooklyn, spread out through their two story brownstone and very happy to be back in civilization, as Alice liked to put it-Alex knocked on Julian's door.
When Julian didn't answer, Alex eased the door open. Julian, bent over a book at his desk, didn't notice. Alex knocked again, harder, on the now mostly open door, hard enough to disturb his son, who turned around.
"Dad," he said, a little surprised to see him, a little worried even. Was something the matter?
"Julian."
"Is something wrong?"
"No, not at all." Alex stepped into the room and closed the door behind him. "What you said today," he began.
"When?"
"In the car."
"What did I say?"
"About longing. Gravity, and longing."
"Oh, yeah," said Julian, remembering. A little embarrassed. "I was just talking."
"What made you think of it?" said his father.
Julian shifted in his chair, a little uncomfortable about being put on the spot. "I wasn't really thinking," he said. "Or, more like I was just thinking aloud."
"Yes, but where did the longing come from?"
"When I'm away," he said. "I sometimes long for my room. Sometimes I even long for Alice and Sally. I guess I've gotten used to having them around."
"Believe it or not, I used to long for our cabin when I was your age."
"Yeah, you told me."
"But why gravity? Do you think matter has that capacity?"
"Of longing, you mean?"
"Yes."
"You mean because it's inanimate?"
"Yes. That's exactly what I mean."
"Well, how can something inanimate have the power to pull? If it can pull, it can probably long as well."
Again, his son's perspicacity rocked him momentarily speechless. "Good point," was all he eventually managed.
A long, and a little awkward silence settled upon the room. Alex didn't know what else to say and Julian-still not certain why his father had come in the first place-wanted to get back to his reading, but did not want to be impolite.
"Well," Alex finally said, "I'll let you get back to, to your book."
Julian smiled and turned back to the text, father almost forgotten by the time he found is place again.
:
Not only did Julian skip the third grade, he skipped the seventh grade as well, graduating high school at sixteen. Yes, he was aware of his brilliance, but he was never conceited about it. In fact, he was too busy researching, figuring, finding, thinking, postulating-and arguing with his father about the researched, figured, found, thought, and postulated-to be conceited.
Alex, himself a Cal Tech graduate, had little problem arranging for a generous Cal Tech scholarship for his son, who, as a result, arrived there as the youngest freshman in the school's history to delve further into particle physics.
He made it well known that he intended to be-was, in fact-an experimenter, not a theorist (like his father). Nobody tried to disabuse him of that approach.
Ten years later he is still in Pasadena. He had not intended to stay in California, but the prestigious school offered him both tenure and several grants to continue his research and he (as his father put it) would have been an idiot to turn down such an opportunity.
:
The year was 1998, the season was late fall, and the event was a donors' dinner held at the Athenaeum-the time honored Cal Tech building dedicated to the goddess of wisdom. Julian Lawson was there to thank as many donors as possible, Kristina Medina was there because her father's company, Cortez Construction, was a generous Cal Tech sponsor. Her parents were away on vacation, so the task fell on her to represent the company. Naturally, the invitation had read "Mr. and Mrs. Medina," but Mr. had regretfully to decline the invitation. There were depositions to take in New York, and they were more pressing than a night of Cal Tech appreciation. Besides, it was Kristina's family money that were being appreciated. Did she mind going by herself?
No, not really.
So, Kristina Medina, in her flowery and colorful best arrived for the both of them, conspicuous as a Rose Parade float among the grays and blacks of the conservative donor community. She even caught Julian's attention.
As he pressed her palm in thanks, she pressed right back-sign of life, thought Julian, weary after thanking so many weakly past their prime palms for their invaluable support of science and progress.
Pressed right back, she did, and said, reading his name tag, "Julian Lawson." Looked up, "I think I've heard of you."
"I didn't do it," said Julian.
"Pity," said Kristina.
They were not seated together at dinner, not even close, but-bored to tears by their respective dinner neighbors-sought each other out in its aftermath.
"So, Mr. Lawson, what do you do, actually?"
"Actually," said Julian, sensing that she did want to know, "when it comes to particle physics, there are two breeds of scientists: the theorist and the experimenter. Well, there is also the materialist, and he comes in the theorist and experimenter flavors as well."
"And you are a non-materialist experimenter?"
"Precisely."
"What is a materialist?"
"Oh, that's a question."
"I know."
"A materialist is a scientist who does not believe in nonlocality. And nonlocality is defined as an instantaneous influence or communication without any exchange of signals through space-time. Locality, on the other hand is the idea that all interaction or communication among objects occur via fields or signals that propagate through space-time obeying the speed-of-light limit."
"Should that make sense to me?"
Julian found himself laughing, and heartily at that. Then said, "I don't see why not."
"And what does the particle physics experimenter do, actually?" She wanted to know, again, actually.
"He, in a word," then groped around for the next word, the right one.
"Experiments," she suggested.
As simple as that, yes. "Precisely."
"How, though?"
Julian took a good look at Kristina and saw that there was more than politeness behind that short question. "You do want to know, don't you?"
"I do want to know," she confirmed.
Still he hesitated. Instead he said, "Do you want something to drink?"
"No, I'm fine," she replied.
So he answered her question: "Right now, I hope to establish nonlocal synchronization between coordinated quantum particles." And added, "Beyond any doubt."
Kristina said nothing, but he had her attention.
"Quantum particles-and don't ask me to explain them, for they are not really particles and not really not particles-often form bonds, and once they do they tend to act like identical twins, one does precisely what the other does, no matter the distance between them, and instantly."
Kristina-she appeared tremendously awake, holding the younger man's eyes steadily-still said nothing.
"We call these twin quantum particles correlated. And one of the two correlated quantum particles can, and often-under certain circumstances-does, shift polarity, and in that same instant," he stressed same, both with his voice and with his hands, "no matter what the distance-it can be light-years, literally-it's twin will change polarity."
"That sounds impossible."
"I agree."
"But it happens?"
"It happens."
"How do you know?"
"It's been proven."
"But not beyond any doubt?"
He took a long look at her. She had asked the precisely correct question.
"It is proven to the experimenter's satisfaction," he answered.
"But not to the theorist's?"
"But not to the theorists," he confirmed. "We have no doubt, and when I say we, I mean the doers. But the thinkers, at least some of them, and some of the leading ones at that, like to poke holes-sometimes I think just for the sake of poking holes."
"But how can you doubt the outcome of an experiment. Isn't that the very purpose of the thing, to dispel doubt, because your eyes see?"
Julian nodded. Yes, that's true. That's true. Then said, "The trick with quantum experiments is that we're dealing more with traces and effects of things than with things themselves. No one's ever seen an atom, you know. They're too small. And quantum particles are magnitudes smaller. But even the smallest thing casts a shadow, and we're very good at catching and reading shadows."
"And?"
"And the shadows show the instant correlation."
"But that's not good enough," began Kristina's suggestion. But Julian cut her off.
"One thing the thinkers like to point out is that we've never traced two paired quantum particles heading out into space in opposite directions, for, say, a light-week, and then change the polarity of one and see the instant polarity-change of its twin, now two light-weeks away."
Kristina said nothing, but may have stopped breathing.
"The thing," said Julian, "is that according to Einstein, nothing in this universe can travel faster than light. Nothing. So, even if these twinned particles had a means of communicating locally-and by that we mean, through this, the physical, universe-and this communication traveled at light-speed, the message would never reach its twin, for their separation is growing at twice the speed of light, heading off in opposite directions."
Kristina nodded, yes, she could see that.
"What we have proven is this instant communication within the micro-time frame of billionths of seconds. But here time is so short that they don't have a chance to separate very far, and we do have apparatus that can trace the flight-and polarity-of both twins throughout journeys this short. And yes, every time the change is instant, and yes, even within these time frames a message cannot reach a twin going at speed of light in the opposite direction, it will never catch up."
"So what is the theorist's objection?"
"Reliability of measurement. How do you tell, for certain, that one billionth of a second has passed, as opposed to two, or three-which would make all the difference?"
"A good watch?" said Kristina, smiling.
"We think the watches we have are good enough, but that may be an opinion."
"So," said Kristina. "What do you propose to do? How are you going to prove this? What is your experiment?"
"I am going to perform the experiment in the macro-time frame of whole seconds."
He could see that she didn't quite follow.
"If my experiment works-and I am certain that it will-I will show that a twinned set of quantum particles will instantly coordinate seconds apart. I want to rule out the crudity-of-time-measurement argument."
"And how are you going to do this?" she said.
"With difficulty," said Julian.
Again, Kristina said nothing, waiting for more.
"Firstly-and, believe me, this is no small challenge-we're establishing two laser sheets, rising due north from opposite points of the equator. One in southern Colombia and one on Borneo, Indonesia. Exactly one hundred and eighty degrees apart, which means exactly 12,756.32 kilometers apart-that's the diameter of the earth."
Kristina, nodded again, yes.
"These sheets-well, they are more like strips, ten centimeters, that's about four inches wide-will form two beams roughly four one-hundredth of a second apart at light-speed."
"That's not a full second," Kristina pointed out.
"I know. But the theorist has no problem with measuring hundredths of a second. Hell, they do that at the Olympics, and no one's arguing."
"I see."
"One beam is capable of changing particle polarization, the other is set up to read polarization. Firing a twinned pair of quantum particles from our sister lab in Cambridge, England, aimed directly at our respective beams we will know for certain-no theorist can argue-the polarization as they leave. And Cambridge not being exactly in-between the two beams, will see one of the twins reaching his beam before the other, and the closer beam will be the one that can change polarity."
"So then as its twin hits its beam, the one that reads polarity, a fraction of a second later, it, too, should have changed polarity," said Kristina.
He looked at hear for some time without answering. Then, "You get it, don't you?"
"Yes."
"And since we're talking about zero point zero four two seconds apart, there is no way a local, physical, communication could reach the twin before it hits the reading beam. And here, the time frame being macro, there is no disputing, none whatever, that the communication between the two is not communication as we know it, it's a knowing, and instant knowing between the two twins."
"Wow," said Kristina. Then said, "How can you be sure to hit the beams?"
"We aim well. We know how to do that."
"And change the polarity?"
"We know how to do that, too."
"And all of this just to bring the experiment into the macro-time frame, as you put it."
"That is, in fact, the only reason."
"Bet you that's costing a bundle."
"And we thank you," said Julian with a perfectly straight face.
"When?" she asked. "Your experiment."
"In a few months," he answered. "We don't have a precise date yet. Some will depend of weather conditions and, believe it or not, on the activities of the sun, there may be interference."
"I can believe it," said Kristina. Then, after a brief silence, she said:
"And when you've proven this. What have you proven, really?"
"We've proven the existence of instant communication, or knowing, between two particles. A knowing independent of distance, of space, and energy. What else we will have proven I am not too sure, for I honestly don't' know how this can take place, only that it does. Perhaps there is a field or a zone, or a space, or a knowing non-space, beyond the physical where communication, if we can call it that, is instant. Is co-knowing."
"And proven well enough for the theorist to agree."
"And proven well enough for the theorist to agree."
Kristina was shaking her head, slowly, as if not knowing what to make of this. "But that would mean, wouldn't it, that these particles are alive?"
"In a sense, yes. I've thought the same thing."
And then Kristina said the fatal thing. She said, "You know, I always thought that gravity was alive. All that pulling. That things just longed to be together."
Not that Julian grew up uninterested in girls, he was as amazed by the fairer sex as the next guy, it's just that his priorities were different. The problems of gravity, or of particle polarity had first claim.
But now, here in the Cal Tech Athenaeum, going on ten o'clock at night, a marriage of sort took place within him: this girl, this woman, standing not two feet away, nodding that yes, she understood, and yes, gravity had always seemed to her to be alive.
How could she possibly be?
Kristina Medina stopped nodding and her face took on a shade of concern. Was he okay? Julian then realized that he had said nothing for quite some time, and that he was-well, there was no better word for it-staring at her.
He finally found his tongue: "Sorry," he said. "It's just that, it's just that that is precisely, what you said about gravity, is precisely what I have often thought, and what I guess I one day hope to prove-though I dare tell no one about it."
"You mean longing?" said Kristina Medina, who apparently had a clear view directly into his head by now.
"Yes, I mean longing."
The silence that followed was mutual, but not uneasy. Kristina was the one that broke it, "What are you doing tonight?"
He was about to answer, somewhat flippantly, that he was talking to her, but he knew that this was not what she meant; and the rush of what she meant filled him from toe to head with his next breath.
:
Julian lived less than three blocks away from the Athenaeum, and they walked there-purposefully. The moon was out, young, slivery and pale. Other guests were leaving the function as well, and they saw many expensive cars-some chauffeur-driven-pull out and slowly set courses. They said nothing, until they reached Julian's small house-a cottage rental, owned and maintained by the school.
"Here," said Julian, and pointed. As they turned onto the short asphalted walk up to the front door, Julian found Kristina's hand in his, not sure how. He led the way to the door, let go her hand, found his keys, and let her in.
:
Neither Kristina nor Julian would later be able to put a precise finger on how or even why what followed did follow. Julian often saw himself a little possessed. The rush of what she had meant at the dinner had filled him so thoroughly, so vibratingly, that there was no room for other thought, or other emotions, or for even the tiniest grain of reason.
As for Kristina, admiration for the younger man metamorphosed to need shortly after crossing his threshold, but she never saw it coming, nor could she fight it when it did.
When she finally left Julian's house the sun was not long in rising, and most of the bird population was already up and about. Her car was the only one at the Athenaeum parking lot-conspicuously alone, thought Kristina, but to hell with that.
What she decided on her drive home was: never again. Just that, and with such undiluted intention that the decision held firm, and does to this day. She slipped, fine. Nothing she could do about that now that it was done. But she would never, ever, again.

Julian, on waking-and finding, not surprisingly, Kristina gone, made no similar pledge. He would have, again, in a heartbeat. For what he had discovered was the one love of his life. The beautiful-colorful-woman who understood him. There was-and of this he was convinced-for each person on this Earth, precisely one specific mate; there was only the one other who you were meant to find. Few did, and most settled for alternatives-some poorer than others. The few who did find their true companion were the lucky-magically lucky-ones.
Kristina Medina was his fated companion. But she was married, and not unhappily. They had met too late. By lunchtime he had arrived at that conclusion, and so it crystallized into decision: he would stay true to this love for the rest of his life, but he would also honor her situation, and not pursue her in any way. He would file as cherished and holy memory their night together, and he would carry this in his heart for the rest of his days. After all, not many get to experience this, he was in fact lucky.
:
The next several months saw Julian absorbed in the details and execution of his macro-time project. That is how he thought of it. It carried several other names: the Colombia-Borneo Laser Experiment, the Parallel Laser Project, the Polarity Change Confirmation Experiment. The official name, however, the one used in the header on all his grant applications said Cal Tech Twin-Particle Polarity Experiment.
By early spring 1999 the sun had settled down. Very little activity, and from what the astronomers predicted, none to speak of for the next two weeks. Julian set the date: April 11.
If he could have scripted the weather, he would not have changed a thing. There were no clouds over Colombia, none over Borneo, and none over Cambridge. There were no winds either place. It was as if a sunny and curious Earth was playing along and now holding its breath.
At precisely noon Greenwich Mean Time the Cambridge lab fired the twin-particles at their respective beams. They both left the planet's surface as positive. They were both fired at a 60 degree angle to meet their respective lasers at an altitude of about 15,000 kilometers.
What was termed the Colombia Twin would hit its laser (which would then change its polarity to negative) precisely 3.62 millionths of a second before the Borneo Twin hit its laser-far too little time for any local communication between the twins to take place.
The job of the Borneo laser was to receive its twin, read its polarity and report back.
It did.
The polarity was negative.
At precisely one minute past noon, another twin pair was fired, both leaving with negative polarity this time.
The Borneo laser reported back: positive.
Eighteen more twins were fired exactly sixty seconds apart, and in each instant the changed polarity of the Colombia twin was faithfully reflected in its Borneo sibling.
Julian had proven non-local communication between the twins.

It was not until the following morning, when the lack of headlines about his successful experiment took him a little aback-a cluster of suicide bombings in Yemen was the main topic of the day, that and the omnipresent Y2K speculations: would the world actually come to a standstill at midnight December 31?-that he looked at the printouts that covered his desk-now interspersed with congratulatory telexes and emails-and asked himself the same question Kristina had asked him, but with added depth: proven what, exactly?
He knew there was more, something much larger than the fact that nonlocal communication does in fact exist-now even to the theoreticians satisfaction.
He felt as if he had pried an ancient door or window open, and-were he to be absolutely honest: he was afraid to look inside.
:
The next time they met-a few months after the successful twin-particle project, Kristina was by her husband Daniel's side along with Frank and Katiana, her parents. The occasion was a one million dollar grant made by Cortez Construction in favor of Cal Tech's Quantum Physics Department-which was Julian's domain, and not by chance.
Finally seeing Kristina again, Julian had trouble breathing, but Kristina took it in stride. Although Julian tried to steer clear of her, she cornered him briefly after dinner, while the Department Head entertained her parents and Daniel tried to avoid legal questions from a couple that recognized him from the papers.
"It's really for you," said Kristina, referring to the grant.
"I don't know what to say," said Julian.
"You're a brilliant man, Julian Lawson."
"The world doesn't seem to care."
"The world is too busy looking in wrong directions," she replied. Then added, "To observe what you have done."
He smiled. "I have to admit," he said. "It was a bulls-eye."
"I know," she said. Then repeated, "You are a brilliant man. And I've managed to convince my parents of that as well."
"I don't know what to say," said Julian.
"No need to say anything."
The silence that followed touched them both with the same warm hand.
"Did you ever," began Julian.
"I've been meaning," began Kristina at the same time.
The silence returned. Then Julian said, "You go first."
"I've been meaning to tell you," said Kristina, "it can never happen again."
"Of course not," said Julian.
"You understand why?"
"I understand why."
"You do," said Kristina.
"Yes."
The silence returned.
"I would very much like us to be friends," she said after a while.
Julian did not answer right away. Instead he looked around the room. At Kristina's parents now sharing some story with his Department Head, at her husband still fending off legal questions, at the waitresses sifting through the crowd with drinks of various kinds. Then he looked back at Kristina and said:
"I would like that."
"You sure?"
"I'm sure."

And so they did. Become friends. Kristina's hunger was for knowledge, to catch glimpses of that underlying and mystical reality that the world at large seemed so determined to remain blissfully ignorant of, and she would sometimes show up unannounced at Cal Tech to take part in, or at least observe, what Julian was doing.
Julian-the treasure of that further and further away night safely ensconced in his heart-found her visits less and less troubling, and in the end learned to accept her presence with equanimity.



::11:: (Pasadena)

She arrived unannounced as usual.
Though Julian did look up in surprise: Kristina Medina usually arrived unannounced on Wednesdays, and this-as far has he knew-was not Wednesday.
And here she was, colorful and beautiful as ever. And excited about something, something near the surface, he could see it in her eyes.
He leaned back in what he thought of as his Department Head chair, which always creaked no matter how well he oiled the springs.
"Kristina."
She didn't answer. Instead she looked around for somewhere to sit, a futile exercise. "Just put it on the floor," he said, pointing to a pile of papers on one of the chairs. She did. Sat down.
"Julian," she said, aglitter.
"Yes, Kristina."
Who, before getting to the point, remembered something, "Oh, by the way, happy anniversary."
"What?"
"Twenty-one years."
"What's the date?"
"April eleven."
"Well, I'll be. You're right."
Kristina smiled. Then got to the point, "Remember Ruth?"
"No."
"Ruth Marten."
"Should I?"
"Yes."
A past Kristina enthusiasm finally arose to be recognized.
"The precocious one?"
"She's more than that, Julian. Believe or not, but the girl is studying quantum physics."
"She's what?"
"I caught her reading Goswami's Self-Aware Universe the other day."
"How old is she?"
"Ten and change."
"Well, I'll be."
"Exactly."
This had barely had a chance to sink in, when Kristina added, "I want you to meet her."
"Sure."
"There is something about this girl," said Kristina. "Something," but then couldn't find the next word. Instead she said, after a heartbeat or two:
"Twenty-one years, and still the world at large doesn't care."
"That's pretty much the size of it."



::12:: (Pasadena)

Kristina showed up in his office the following afternoon, Ruth in tow.
Julian made room for them, then offered some coffee, which they both declined.
"Tea, perhaps?"
"Do you have green tea?" wondered Kristina.
"I don't think so," said Julian, while looking at Ruth, struck by the incongruous, though he wasn't sure precisely what the incongruous was. Then saw: eyes, as blue as eyes could be, he'd venture, and hair, as black as hair could be. On the same head. That's what.
"I'm fine," said Ruth.
Julian nodded. All right then. Sat down. He took another long look at the black and blue. The very black and the so very blue. "So this is Ruth," he said, as much to Ruth as to Kristina. Then, straight to Ruth, "the precocious one."
Kristina frowned at that, and Julian realized he was way off here. Not quite sure what to say he rose again, and extended a hand across the table to Ruth. "I'm Julian," he said.
Ruth rose, took the hand, shook it for some time, and said, "The precocious one knows." Then finally let go of Julian's hand and sat back down.
Julian remained standing. Then finally managed, "Well, here we are."
"You two need to get acquainted," said Kristina.
"I would like that," said Ruth.
"You're reading The Self-Aware Universe," said Julian.
"I've just finished it," she answered.
"What did you think of it?" he asked, then sat down again behind his desk.
"I thought it sincere," she said.
"Do you think it true?" he asked.
"Yes," said Ruth. Then added a question of her own, "Have you read it?"
"Me? Yes. A long time ago, though."
"Do you think it true?" she wanted to know.
"Parts."
"Which parts?"
"The quantum action at a distance," Julian said. "We've proven that."
"Yes you have," said Ruth. "Twenty-one years ago, yesterday."
"You know about that?"
"Of course," she said. Then added, "Kristina told me."
Julian looked over at Kristina, at his all-alert now long-time friend. She nodded, yes, yes, she had told her.
Ruth's next question stunned him into silence, for he had asked himself the same question, many times. "It was a brilliant experiment. Well-conceived and well executed. Why is it then that the world has forgotten all about it?" Then, as afterthought, "If indeed it ever cared."
There was something terribly unreal about the words this girl was using. The belonged to no girl, no teenager even. Old words. Old meanings. As if the girl he saw didn't exist or was growing more and more transparent, revealing something, someone else. He looked away. Listened to the words again, memory talking. 
The truth was that he had no more answer for Ruth than for himself, and so said nothing.
"Why is it that the world doesn't care?" said Ruth into the silence.
That, too, was a question that he had pondered off and on. "I don't know," he said, shaking his head slowly. "I really don't know."
"I think it is afraid," said Ruth.
"You think what?"
"I think the world is afraid," she said. "I think it does not dare to, know."
Then Julian found himself asking the same question Kristina had recently found herself asking: "Who are you?"
"Ruth Marten," said Ruth.
"I know," he answered. "But really, beneath her, who are you?" Not at all sure where "beneath her" had come from.
Ruth held his gaze but did not answer. Julian nodded again, as if in reply. Then heard himself ask another question he wasn't sure he heard quite right: "How can I be of help?" is what he asked.
Ruth turned and looked at Kristina, who seemed as surprised as Julian at the odd question. She turned to face Julian again.
"Teach me," she said.
"Teach you what?"
"Quantum Physics. Particle Physics. Teach me what you know."
As a request, it was not only surreal but impossible. That's what reason suggested. But Julian was not listening to reason just then. Instead he said, "I can do that."
"Great," said Ruth.
"She can come here after school, any time she wants," he said to Kristina, but really meant to inform Ruth.
"Great," said Ruth.



::13:: (Pasadena)

The walk from Pasadena Polytechnic School-situated not even half a block from the Cal Tech campus-to Julian's Quantum Department (as it was more or less incorrectly called) was about five adult minutes, a little longer with legs Ruth's size.
And so she showed up a little after three o'clock the next day. William, Julian's assistant cum secretary had been told (Kristina thought of this, and made sure Julian did it) to expect a young girl now and then, and apparently he had taken this odd piece of news in stride for he looked up at her when she stepped into the department reception. "Ruth?" he wanted to know.
"Yes."
"Just a second."
He called Julian on the intercom, and a moment later Julian appeared at his office door. "You don't mess around," he said across the room. Two or three people looked up at this, from Julian to Ruth to each other, then returned to their respective tasks at hand.
"You said any time," Ruth explained.
"Yes, I did. Come in." He held the door open for her, and she scurried into the clutter, moved some papers and sat down. Julian followed suit.
"I've thought about the Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen experiment," she said.
This, again, should not, could not, have come out of her mouth, but it did, clear as day, and with more to follow, that was obvious. Julian thought briefly about the suspension of disbelief that writers talk about, something readers must engage in more some times than others-something he must do right now, he decided. Thoroughly. And did.
"Einstein never did accept it," she said.
"No, he did not," Julian confirmed.

The EPR experiment-which is how he thought of it-involved two spinning electrons, paired and spinning in opposite directions on their respective axes so that their total spin always equals what the physicists referred to as zero, the opposite directions negating each other-and, this being part of the order of the particle universe, they always do; should one electron shift direction of the spin, the other will, too, instantly, to maintain the zero-which must not, not even for a millionth of a millionth of a millionth of a second, be allowed to be other than zero, no matter how far apart spatially.
Now, as in all of quantum physics, much of what is observed depends upon the observer, and the same holds true for the electrons: the exact axis of rotation, for example, is never determined until the observer chooses to look for a definite axis, at which point the electron will accommodate the observer and present it as both locatable and measurable.
The crucial point of the EPR experiment is that once the observer chooses an axis for one of an electron pair-and it acquired a definite spin around that axis-at that instant its twin, which-theoretically-may be thousands, even millions of miles away, also acquires a definite spin along the same chosen axis. How does the twin know which axis was chosen? There is no time to receive that information by any conventional, space-traveling signal. The speed of light-the fastest thing there is, according to Einstein-simply is not fast enough.
And this is where Einstein disagreed with Bohr. Since, according to Einstein, no signal can travel faster than light, it would be impossible that the measurement performed on one electron would instantly determine the axis of the other electron's spin, thousands or millions of miles away.
Bohr-correctly-maintained that even though the two electrons were far apart in space, they were nevertheless linked by instantaneous, nonlocal connections. He further maintained that connections were not signals in the Einsteinian sense; they transcend conventional notions of information transfer, something Einstein simply refused to believe.

"Bohr was correct," said Ruth. "Which is what you proved in 1999."
"He was," Julian agreed.
"And you proved it to everyone's satisfaction."
"Nearly everyone."
"There are always those who refuse to see feet at the end of their legs as a matter of principle."
Julian laughed. Whether at what she said, or whether because she-such an unlikely source-said it, he wasn't sure. Things were slipping a little toward a quantum reality where nothing would sit still for very long, if at all. Shifting.
"Yes," he finally said. "There are always those."
"But all who matter agreed, isn't that so? The theorists?"
"Did Kristina tell you about that, too?"
"Yes."
"Yes, the theorists agreed. At least those who mattered."
"And the experimenters? Any dissent there?"
What ten-year old used the word "dissent?" he thought. Then let the thought go, he simply had to get used to this.
"No," he answered. There was no dissent in that camp either."
Ruth shifted in her chair, then pulled one leg up and tucked it in under the other, then straightened her skirt as a matter of course. "You showed the world that non-local communication exists. Proved it beyond a doubt. It didn't get much press, did it?"
"I had expected more," he admitted.
"It should have changed everything," she said.
One hell of a statement; but one that he himself had considered, and more than once. "Yes," he said. "It should have changed everything."
"Then, why didn't it?"
"Honestly, I don't know." Then he heard himself add, "Do you?"
She did not voice her answer, but only shook her head slowly while she asked her next question. "What are you working on now?"
"Specifically, or in general?"
"Either."
"Well, both then. I, as well as many others today, am trying to isolate the fundamental particle."
"The God particle?"
"Yes, that's what Lederman called it."
"And you don't?"
"It's as good a name as any."
"So it's not the quark then?"
"We don't think so. I don't think so. We've never been able to detect one, only theorize one."
"Is it a string?"
"I don't know."
"Wasn't it Geoffrey Chew who pointed out that what we actually detect in subatomic particles is the energies of their internal interaction. And doesn't that mean that what particles we can detect all have structure-constituent parts, in other words-or there would be no internal interaction to detect?"
Julian at this point was too stunned to answer. He only looked across his cluttered desk at the impossibility talking to him.
So Ruth continued, "Would it not then follow that a truly elementary particle, one without any form of internal structure, would not be subject to any forces that would allow us to detect it? The fact that we know of the particle at all implies that it has an internal structure, constituent parts, and so cannot be elemental."
He followed the argument, of course he did. He had pondered this precise question more often that he'd care to admit. The impossibility of their quest. Then, again, he tried to reconcile the logic-the clearly stated and very perceptive logic-with its ten-years something source. It did not compute. Could not be. Again, he engaged, with some effort, the suspension of disbelief, or the conversation simply could not go on.
 "I've considered the problem," he said finally. "Often."
"Is Chew right?"
"As far as it goes, yes."
"As far as what goes?"
"In so far as what we have detected so far is precisely that energy."
"The energies of the internal structure? The interaction?"
"Yes."
"So, then, would an elemental particle in fact be detectable?"
"I don't know."
Ruth considered this for a while. Looked out the window briefly, then back at Julian. "Do you think there is an elemental particle?"
"There must be. Mustn't it?"
"Must there?"
This was another thing which Julian had considered; often, and at some depth. He looked again at his the most unlikely of guests. Incongruous didn't even start to describe the young girl at the other side of his desk. Large, and very awake blue eyes regarding him in turn, unblinking, unwavering, waiting for his reply. But he had no reply, he only had the question that now was gaining rapid momentum, and could no longer be contained.
"Who are you?" he asked. And he really meant the question.
"I am more than meets the eye," she replied.
"I could have told you that," he said.
"Some other time," she said, and there was no question in his mind about what she meant. Some other time she would tell him who she really was, and there was definitely something to tell. He shuddered inwardly, then took command of himself again. Nodded that he understood, accepted.
"Does there have to be an elemental particle?" she asked again.
"How can there not be one?"
Ruth said nothing.
Julian knocked on his desk. And again. "There's something here," he said. "And it has to be made from something."
"Are you close?" she wondered.
"To discovering it?"
"Yes."
"Some days closer than others, but no. No, not really."
"Are you sure there is one?" she asked again.
Julian did not know what to answer. How could there not be one. He could still hear the knock on the tabletop with his inner ear. Unless.
"Unless what?" said Ruth.
His knee-jerk reaction, naturally, was that he had misheard. But his more fundamental self spoke up and pointed out that he had heard her just fine.
"Unless it's all illusion?"
"The atom is mainly space," suggested Ruth.
"Sure."
"Sometimes we forget," she said. "There's hardly anything but space."
"I know."
"Has anybody ever seen an atom? A nucleus?"
"Not yet. Only what it does to light."
"So maybe it doesn't exist?"
"It exists all right," he said. Almost defensively. Then, "Did you hear me think?"
Without hesitation, "Yes."
"That is not possible, is it?"
Ruth smiled. "Much is possible."
:
The she asked, "How do you go about it? How do you hope to detect the elemental particle, if there indeed is one?"
"We smash things together," he said.
She nodded that she understood. "Particle accelerators."
"Yes."
"Fermilab and CERN?"
"Yes."
"Bubble chambers?"
"Yes. To trace the little bits."
"But if they're traceable, they must have internal structure?"
"So the theory goes."
"So that's not going to work then, is it?"
"We hope it will."
"Though futile?"
There was no answer to that, so Julian didn't bother. Instead, he said, though not with any hope of an answer, of course:
"How would you go about it?"
"I would look," said the girl. Smiling now.
"Look?"
"I would make myself really, really small, and look." And still smiling.
"You're kidding."
"Am I?"
"Of course."
"Am I?" Surprise or mock surprise? She did it so well that Julian could not tell.
"Of course," seemed to be the only two words left in his vocabulary. Then the question walked in and sat down, and he asked it of her:
"Do you think matter longs for matter?"
If she was surprised at that question, she did not show it. But there was no hiding his own surprise at her answer:
"As in gravity?"



::14:: (Pasadena)

He is a brilliant man, this Julian Lawson. Kristina Medina was clever to have introduced us. He knows on many levels, knocking on the final door. And he knows all the language of deep science. He is indeed my next teacher.
I see in his heart that he loves Kristina Medina. Deeply. Hopelessly. He is resigned to-and quite happy with-this. He is an unusual man.
And then he asks me if I think matter longs for matter. Which, of course it does. So I answer him:
"As in gravity?"
And his eyes spring open, very wide, as if I had turned ghost.
"Do you know?" he says after a long while.
"I know many things," I tell him.
"About gravity?" he says. "Do you know about gravity?"
"About the longing?"
"Yes, about the longing."
For him, it is a matter of what the world calls a strong intuition-an intuition so strong as to border certainty, though not crossing that border. He knows with his deeper roots, of course, but the leaves that are his current life have had no direct dealings with those roots for many lives.
Yet, he sees with the clear eye of intuition, matter pulling matter, this universal affinity at work, this strong need and yearning to return to elemental particle, before its sundering into universe.
Finally, I answer, "Yes."
Then he falls silent again, scrutinizing me, visually probing surfaces as if the answer to his now growing question lies in my face, my eyes, my hair, or in the air surrounding.
Then he asks it, again:
"Who are you?"
Shall I avoid, ignore, or answer the question? But he asks with such earnestness, with such intensity, that I really do not have a choice. He deserves to know. So I say:
"Can you keep a secret?"



::15:: (Pasadena)

He did not sleep much that night. Perhaps he didn't sleep at all. He couldn't really tell. Some of his ponderings felt like sleep, or at least next door to it, but even here he was partly awake, for how can you fall away from such a revelation?
If true.
And how could it possibly?
The rational part of him, the part he sometimes thought of as C & B-Checks and Balances, as if the name of some accounting firm-issued warning after warning not to be taken in by the apparent romance of this mystery; for how could it possibly?
Romance? he'd argue back with himself. Romance?
The wish for the unbelievable to be believable, C & B said, the thrill of transcendence, that romance. That dream.
But how do you explain?
C & B said nothing, had nothing to say to that. Julian reached out for his alarm clock and brought it close to his face. He had to press a small button for the face to illuminate, and he did. Two-thirty-three. He carefully placed the clock back on his bedside table. The Buddha.
It was a thrill, all right. He laughed into the still night, wondering fleetingly what someone who heard that might think of the madman inside. Then he laughed again. Let them.
For the part of him that considered C & B an auxiliary view-the part of him he sometimes thought of as groundwater-knew. Just knew that the impossibility that called itself Ruth Marten now made sense.
Not that he knew much about the Buddha. In fact, all he knew at this point is that it rang true. The name, the person, and her mission, as she had put it, to marry the mystery of science with the mystery of religion, for they are one and the same.
One and the same.
And he laughed again.
Then climbed out of bed to fix himself some chamomile tea, perhaps that'll relax him and help him sleep.
It did and it did not.
:
Another person who slept little, if at all, that night was Ananda.
Ruth had been unusually quiet, subdued even, when she came home from Cal Tech that afternoon. Both Ananda and Melissa had wondered how it had gone, had she gotten along with Julian?
Sure. Nodded.
"Oh, well," said Melissa, "Sounds like you got on like a house on fire."
"Maybe not a house," she'd answered. "And maybe not on fire."
"You didn't get along?" Melissa concerned now.
"Oh, we got along just fine."
"What then?"
"Nothing. Just a lot to think about."
And give Melissa credit, she does give Ruth "space" as they call it these days, and does respect her privacy, especially when, like this, she's a little pensive.
But there was more to it than that. When Ruth maintained what struck Ananda as her brooding, and at dinner only picked at and hardly ate any of her food, he just had to know. He had come to suspect, but had to know.
"You told him, didn't you?" he said.
Melissa nearly dropped her fork, then actually did drop her fork in her quick turn to face him then Ruth then him again. There was something she wanted to say but it seemed like she could not catch it.
Ruth didn't answer.
"Am I right?" Ananda repeated.
"Is he right?" Melissa finally managed, fork retrieved.
"It was the right thing to do," said Ruth.
Ananda's first impulse was to tell her the precise opposite, but he checked it, for something not so much in Ruth's external demeanor as in the Tathagata's internal air seemed too certain, to resolved.
"What did you tell him?" asked Melissa. "How much."
"Name, rank, and serial number," said Ruth. "And mission objective."
"You did not," said Melissa, holding on to her fork this time.
"She did," said Ananda, though smiling now.
"Julian is an amazing person," said Ruth. "And very perceptive. I could not have kept this from him for long, and if a river has to be crossed, might as well cross it now rather than later."
"How did he take it?" said Ananda.
"Time will tell," said Ruth.
"Did he believe you?" said Melissa.
"He will soon enough, if not already," said Ruth.
"Are you being flippant?" asked her mother, and not kindly.
"No, I am not."
But now, in the middle of the night, both Ruth and Melissa asleep, Ananda did worry that it might not have been the prudent thing for the Tathagata to do. What did they know about this Julian Lawson? Other than that he was a good friend of Kristina Medina, Ruth's teacher, who, from what Melissa was saying, had her own suspicions. It was all too soon. Too soon, that was his main worry.
He wondered what time it was, but decided he did not want to know. Instead he turned over to face the wall, and willed sleep to come.
:
He rang the doorbell shortly after eight. If this was too early, well so be it. This could not wait. He had to do two things: confirm, and warn.
The woman who opened the door was obviously Ruth's mother, she had the most startling blue eyes he had ever seen, and not incongruously so either.
"Can I help you?" she asked him.
"You are Ruth's mother," she said.
"And you are?"
"Oh, I'm sorry," he said. "Julian Lawson."
"Ah," she said. "Julian Lawson. Ruth's hi-tech friend."
"Well, Cal Tech, anyway." Which, a fraction too late, struck him as an exquisitely lame thing to say.
And unrewarded, since the woman did not smile. "What can we do for you?" she said, a little more pointedly this time, really wanting to know his business.
"Could I see Ruth?" he asked.
"It is a little bit early," she said.
"Julian," said Ruth, arriving at the door. Her mother turned to look at her, and then seemed to make up her mind. Stepping aside, she let him in. "Well, since she's up," she said.
"Thanks," said Julian. "I appreciate it."
"He's here to see you," she said.
"Actually, I'm here to see both of you."
"You are Julian Lawson," said an older man with cropped hair, hardly longer than a whisper, who struck Julian as friendly and pleasantly gaunt. He offered his hand. "Ananda," he said. "Wolf."
Julian took it, shook it. "Julian."
"And you've met Melissa, I see."
"Ah, that's your name," said Julian, not facetiously.
"Oh, I'm sorry," said Melissa, now friendlier. "Where are my manners?" Another offered hand, which he took and shook. "Melissa Marten."
"Julian," he said again. Then, "Can we talk?"
She nodded, as did Ruth. The old man said, "This way," and led him into a nicely furnished living room. "Anywhere you want," he said, meaning take a seat. Which he did.
Ruth said, "I told them."
Sitting by her mother, the likeness, especially the eyes, was striking. As was the contrast, blonde and black. "You told them?" he said.
"Yes."
Then he caught on. "That you've told me?"
"Yes."
The old man, Ananda, was regarding him intensely, looking for what?, Julian wondered. And soon found out.
"Do you believe her?" he asked.
Straight to the point. And he really meant the question, Julian could tell.
And that was the question, wasn't it? And there were two beliefs involved here. Did he believe that Ruth meant what she said, and did he believe that what she said was in fact true? And that is what had kept him up all night, and led him to visit strangers at what might to them have appeared as first light.
"Yes and yes," he said.
"Yes and yes?" said Melissa Marten.
"Yes, I believe what she told me, and yes, I believe that what she told me is in fact the case. That's why I've come."
"How could that possibly be?" said the old man. Which sounded to Julian more like "Why on earth would you believe a child's fantasies?" Again, not so far from the question he had pondered all night.
"I'm not a religious person," he said, addressing Ananda, then looking over to Melissa and Ruth to indicate that his answer was meant for them, too.
All three waited for him to go on.
"Or a particularly spiritual one," he continued. "More of a logical one. I like things to make sense."
Ananda was nodding slowly, yes, go on.
"I don't care how precocious, no ten-year old understands particle physics as well as Ruth does. I'm sorry. Just not happening. No way. But here she is, and I know-don't ask me how, not just yet anyway-that she has a firmer grasp on the subject than I have myself. Flies straight in the face of making sense."
Melissa Marten sat stiffly upright, as if listening with her entire body. Ruth, smiling a little, seemed to enjoy this.
"Where would such knowledge come from? That's what I've been asking myself all night. How could she possibly? Unless. Unless, indeed."
"But she would not have to be the Buddha to know that. Why not Einstein or someone like that?" suggested Ananda.
"Ah. Oh, well. Once you open the door to having lived as someone else before. I mean, once you credit that with being possible, then I'd just take her word for it. One's as impossible as the next."
Ruth nodded. Well put, is what she nodded. Melissa Marten didn't move a muscle. The old man shifted in his chair, crossed his legs, and drew breath. But before he had a chance to voice whatever else he had in mind, Julian said:
"So it's true, isn't it?"
Mother and old man-uncle, grandfather, what?-exchanged a brief glance. Ruth still nodding. Good going.
Seemed like mother drew the shorter of the straws. "Yes, Julian," she said. "That's who she is."
Ruth still nodding.
"The Buddha?"
"Well, I'm Ruth now," she said. "I was the Buddha once."
"That's what I mean," said Julian.
"How are you at keeping secrets?" asked Ananda.
"She already asked me that," he answered.
"And the answer was?" he wanted to know.
"I can keep a secret," said Julian. "And that's partially why I'm here. I know many who can't. And I know many who would not believe anything Ruth has told me. I'm not even sure why I believe her, but I do. I really do."
"We're all good at keeping secrets," said Melissa. "Except, this one," she said, looking down at her daughter. Who, again-without looking back up at her mother-nodded. Yes, she's right. Terrible secret-keeper.
"I don't know if you took a chance with me," looking straight at Ruth now. "Or, perhaps you knew I could deal with it. But you can't go telling people about this. That's what I came here to tell you."
"I know," said Ruth.
"So why did you tell me?"
"You're right," she said. "I knew you could deal with it, as you put it."
"You do know what gravity is, don't you?"
"You're right, Julian. It's longing."
"You see?" he said, addressing Melissa now. "That's why I had to believe her. Only one other person, ever, that I know," then a thought struck him, a memory. "Well, two, actually. My father did, too. But no one else has ever equated gravity with longing, and none with such certainty-she really does know, you know. No one with such certainty as your daughter."
"Longing?" said Melissa.
"Long story," said Ruth.
"Try me," said her mother.
Before any attempts were made, Julian asked, "Does Kristina know?"
"Not really," said Ruth.
"Not really?"
"She's asked me the very same question you did."
"Which question?"
"She wondered who I was, really."
"She would," said Julian. Then, "But you didn't tell her?"
"No. Someday I would, is what I told her."
"You should tell her."
"I know."
"What about longing?" said Melissa.
:
Julian did not leave the Marten house until after lunch, which Melissa had cooked for the four of them. By the time he left, Melissa knew more about gravity than she'd bargained for, and that, at heart, it was all about longing.
But more importantly, Julian had been put fully in the picture, as Ananda put it, and now knew that he had a very important part to play in waking up planet Earth.
Also-and they had all agreed-he had their blessings: he wanted to be the one to tell Kristina.



::16:: (Pasadena)

Melissa stood by the nearly closed door and watched Julian Lawson cross the street and get into his car.
"He's spoken for," said Ruth from behind her.
Melissa swirled around. "What?"
"He's spoken for," said her daughter.
"Listen you. You had better stay out of my head."
"I'm nowhere near it. I'm just telling you, his heart is given, never to be given again."



::17:: (Pasadena)

Julian called her at school. It was a number he knew by heart.
After a short while she came on the line.
"Kristina."
"Yes, Julian."
"We need to talk."
When she did not respond, he added, "About Ruth."
"What about Ruth?"
"Not on the phone," he said. "Here, any time. Come here. To my office."
:
Kristina Medina arrived shortly after the school day was over, and did in fact wake him up when she entered his office without knocking.
"Julian!"
For the briefest of moments he was back in Brooklyn and his mother-and none too happy about it-was back in his room for the third or something time, making sure he got up, or he'd be late for school.
But it wasn't his mom at all. "Kristina."
"You were sleeping, Julian."
"Sorry. I don't think I slept at all last night."
She cleared a spot for herself and sat down. "What kept you up?"
"Ruth."
As if that would explain everything-which, in fact, it did.
"I see."
"I know who she is."
Kristina turned very still. Possibly holding her breath.
"Kristina. She is the Buddha."
"The Buddha?"
"That's what she told me yesterday, and they confirmed it this morning."
"They?"
"I went to her house this morning. I met her mother, Melissa, and her-what is he, Ananda? Her uncle? Grandfather?"
"I don't know," said Kristina. "I've been wondering the same thing."
"Well, Ananda Wolf was there as well, and they, all three, confirmed it: Ruth Marten is a reincarnation-though they didn't use that word-of the Buddha. The actual Buddha, as in founding Buddhism. Though Ruth said that she thinks of herself-himself?-as Tathagata."
"Tathagata?"
"Yes."
"Why did you go to her house?"
"To warn her, more than anything."
Kristina waited for him to continue.
"For if that's really true, and I have no reason to doubt her, in fact I have reasons to believe her-she, just like you, sees gravity as longing, in fact I think she knows that gravity is longing."
Kristina smiled in recognition, or recollection.
Julian said, "If she really is the Buddha, she could do worse than keeping it to herself."
"What do you mean?"
"No one would believe her."
Kristina nodded. This was true. Though, "You believe her."
"And you," said Julian, quite certain about it.
"I don't know, Julian. That's a tall order."
"Well, you do, don't you?"
"It would explain things."
"It does explain things."
"What else did she say?"
"She said that she is here, she has returned, to wake us up, the planet. The population. And that she now sees the best way to do it: to wed science and religion-her words."
"She said that? To wed science and religion?"
"Verbatim."
"Wow."
"I know."
"Is that why she's studying quantum physics?"
"That is precisely why she is studying quantum physics. To gain the right vocabulary, she said."
Kristina was shaking her head, not so much in disbelief as in wonder.
"But she understands it? It's not just the words."
"Oh, she understands it, all right. Better than I do, I think."
"And you believe her? About the Buddha, I mean."
Did he? Really? "Yes," he said after a brief introspection. "I find that quite believable. Not that I know anything about the Buddha, but if that is who this girl-who is no more a young girl inside than you or I-if that is who she says she is, then I see no reason not to believe her."
"But that's not the same thing."
"What do you mean?"
"To not disbelieve is not the same thing as believe."
Good point. "Let me put it this way then: I don't know that she was the Buddha, but I believe her when she says that she was. The Tathagata."
Yes, this she could see, for she nodded again. Then she said:
"What should we do?"
"I've thought about that. I think we should do two things: Keep a tight lid on who she is, and assist her in any way we can."
"It's clear what you can do to help her, but what do you think I can do?" wondered Kristina.
"I don't know. Why don't you ask her."
"I think I will do just that," she answered.



::18:: (Pasadena)

The strategy agreed upon that morning among Melissa and Ruth Marten, Ananda Wolf, and Julian Lawson was that Ruth would have to be at least sixteen years old to even vaguely be taken seriously, whatever message she would deliver to the world.
Melissa and Ananda would have preferred that she does nothing of any sort until she is eighteen, but Ruth strenuously objected. They looked to Julian to mediate. He had seen sixteen-year-old geniuses, had in fact been one himself, come to think of it.
"See?" said Ruth, turning pointedly to Ananda and her mother.
"Is that right?" said Ananda.
Julian explained that he was accepted at Cal Tech at that age for his exceptional aptitude for science. And they took him seriously.
"Maybe it's easier to be accepted young in that field, as a scientist," suggested Melissa.
"That's the field I'm entering," Ruth pointed out.
Which Melissa realized, yes, of course, that's true.
So, for the next five years or so, Ruth would have to cool her heels, and prepare.
"Five years," said Ruth. Not in protest, more as a sigh.
"You can help me in my research," said Julian. "I'll make you my research assistant."
"You can do that?" asked Ananda.
"I don't see why not."
"Five more years," said Ruth again.
No one answered her this time.



::19:: (Pasadena)

"Ruth," said Kristina after the final bell. "Would you mind staying a while." Someone, she didn't catch who, giggled one of those she's-in-trouble giggles in Ruth's direction. If Ruth noticed, she didn't show it.
"Sure," she said.
Once the classroom had emptied, Kristina walked over to Ruth's desk and pulled out a chair-to small, really-and sat down.
"Julian told me," she said.
"I know," said Ruth.
"Why didn't you tell me?"
"I had promised Melissa and Ananda not to tell anyone."
"But you told Julian."
"I couldn't help it."
"You are the Buddha?"
"I was the Buddha. I am Tathagata."
"Tathagata?"
"I see myself as him, or her."
"Who is Tathagata?"
"It is Pali for He who has come, He who has gone. It is the name for he who has come, has truly seen, has left."
"The Buddha was Tathagata?"
"That's what he called himself, yes."
"And you have returned?"
"Yes, I have."
"Why?"
"Why? Take a look at the world, Kristina. That's why."
She blushed at her own stupidity. "I'm sorry, Ruth."
"No need." Then said, "I had hoped that by now the Dhamma would have spread and taken good root everywhere, that the world would now manage. But what I saw-especially when I returned as Bruno-proved otherwise."
"You were Bruno?"
"Yes, Kristina."
"I should have known."
"How could you have?"
Kristina frowned, then shifted on the narrow chair. "What is the Dhamma?"
"Dharma. That's Sanskrit. Dhamma is Pali. When I voice the Dhamma I voice it in Pali."
"Ah," said Kristina. "Dhamma."
"The world is on a suicide course, Kristina," said Ruth. "I must stop it. Turn it around. But the world and its course is like a far too huge ocean liner, how do you turn it so close to the edge?"
"I don't know, Ruth. How do you turn it?"
"By science, I hope. By unifying science and religion. That's what I hope."
"To wed science and religion. That's what Julian said your plan was."
"Yes, to wed science and religion. An old bristlecone thought that would be a good idea."
"What?"
"Another story," said Ruth. "Another time." Then: "Do you think it will work?"
"Science and religion?"
"Yes."
Kristina took a long internal journey, and fell silent for so long that Ruth wondered if Kristina had in fact heard her.
She had. Returning, she said, "Today's priest is the medical doctor. But I don't see anyone marrying medicine and religion. The scientist is not quite as deified, though he is viewed with respect and not a little awe. But will they listen to him, or her? I don't know."
"I trust they will. The bristlecone said they will."
"The bristlecone. Tell me. Now."
Ruth did.
"You're a little much to take," said Kristina once Ruth had finished her White Mountains story.
"But that's what he said," said Ruth.
"Well, he's been around long enough. He should know."
"My thought, precisely." Then, "But you don't think it will work?"
"I didn't say that. In fact, I think it's the only tack that will work."
Ruth nodded. "I'm glad," she said. "I'm glad you agree."
The Kristina asked the burning question: "How can I help, Ruth?"
Without hesitation, Ruth answered, as if she had already considered this, at length, "Help me through high school without me going crazy. Help me to transfer to Cal Tech to work with Julian as soon as that's feasible. Help keep my secret secret."
"I can do that," said Kristina.
"Sorry for not telling you sooner," said Ruth.



::20:: (Pasadena)

Melissa had not been moved by anyone for as long as she could remember. Not since meeting Charles so long ago, and those feelings-she had since discovered and eventually admitted to herself-had not been love as much as compassion.
Who was this Julian Lawson, and why did Ruth tell her what she did about his heart. Who had he given it to?
Then, as the mind tends to do if you let it, it rushed off into sweet courtship, engagement, marriage and a few more children before she got a fix and a hold on it again. Melissa, for heaven's sake.
Still.
:
At one point that evening she asks her daughter, seemingly out of the blue, "What did you mean about Julian Lawson's heart?"
"It's been given."
"To whom?"
"To Kristina Medina."
"But she's married."
"That is why," said Ruth, "his heart will forever be given, for it will never, can never, be received. And so can never, will never be returned."
"What happened?" asked Melissa, but Ruth had said enough on the subject, and would not answer. Maybe she didn't know the details.
Melissa tried to envision the circumstances of Julian Lawson's given heart but could not. What she did see, however, is that her daughter was right, for in recalling his visit, she could sense no interest whatsoever drifting her way from Ruth's new teacher-his heart already truly given.



::21:: (Pasadena)

Both Kristina and Julian held true to their promises to not only keep the secret, but also that they would do anything they could to help Ruth, and so it was that upon finishing seventh grade at Pasadena Polytechnic-and now an acknowledged fourteen year old science protg-it was decided in an unprecedented move by both Polytechnic and Cal Tech that she would transfer to Cal Tech under the now Professor Julian Lawson's guidance and tutelage to continue her education.
At her own request, and eventually granted by Cal Tech-whose board didn't quite see the point of it, but consented since Ruth, and her mother, both insisted-she would augment her science curriculum and research with courses in philosophy and religion. Her stated reason was personal interest, while her real reason was preparation.
:
Melissa more or less succeeded in wholly putting aside her interest in Julian Lawson, whom she saw a fair amount of, especially once Ruth transferred to Cal Tech; but she did not manage to finally transcend her perceived need until after a conversation they had in the spring of 2025 in Julian's office (now much larger and better kept-William, his assistant, insisted on neatness, and would take matters in his own hands if Julian lapsed).
Julian and Ruth were working on a new series of experiments to prove that what allowed non-local communication was simply life itself, the true underlying reality to everything. They had made good progress, but while they both saw the results as evident, other, more critical views, were nowhere near convinced, and so they continued to refine and redo.
Another day had come to an end and Melissa had driven over to Cal Tech to pick up Ruth-they were headed for a dinner with her parents. Ruth, however, was not ready yet, and pleaded for "five more minutes" which turned forty-five.
Melissa, meanwhile, dropped in on Julian, who, as always, was delighted to see her though still as un-interested (by Melissa's yard stick) as ever.
"She's not ready yet," by way of explanation, as she sat down.
"Yes, I know. She wants to re-check some settings for another round tomorrow."
"Five minutes, she said."
"Don't hold your breath-or her to it," said Julian. Then he said:
"I've been meaning to ask you. For a long time, actually." But did not go on.
"Meaning to ask me what, Julian?"
"Does she talk in your head as well?"
She laughed more at the surprise of it than the question itself, then quickly gathered herself. "Yes, she certainly does."
"It scared the pants of me the first time."
"Me, too," she admitted.
"Can you talk back?" he wanted to know.
"Sure."
"I can't," he said. "I can't seem to find that, that," he faltered.
"Tongue?" she suggested.
"Yes, precisely. That tongue. I have to speak my answers out loud. But I hear her just fine."
Melissa wasn't sure what to answer, what to suggest. For her the tongue, as she had put it, had been found naturally, it had just been there, for her use, no finding involved, really. Julian had not found it, and she could see that it bothered him, at least on some level. Instead of trying to say something comforting, she said something that had been on her mind at least as long:
"I have a question for you."
He waited.
"Does your heart still belong to Kristina Medina?"
"How do you know?"
"Ruth."
This was the first time Melissa had ever observed someone about to blush but then change his mind. Like a shade announced that never arrived. Odd sensation. She realized that she had put Julian very much on the spot, and was about to apologize when he said:
"Do you believe in fate?" Then, before she had a chance to answer, clarified, "I mean, do you believe that for each person there is a someone that is fated to be your," he stopped, apparently searching for the right word; "your partner," he said-having gone full circle and then some from mate to partner to girl to intended to destined to mate again and then finally back to partner.
"Do I believe there is someone out there meant just for you?"
"Yes. That's what I mean."
"I used to."
"No anymore?"
"I haven't thought about it lately."
"I believe that. And I believe that when you find that someone you'll know, just flat out know that this is the person you were intended to spend the rest of your life with."
"But she is married."
"I know. Believe me, I know. That was my problem. She was already spoken for."
"Perhaps she is not the one."
"Oh, she's the one, all right. I told you that you flat out know. I flat out knew."
"And," she said. "You gave her your heart?"
He looked up at hear, startled. "Yes, that's precisely what I did. I gave her my heart."
"And you have not retrieved it in all these years."
"No, I haven't retrieved it. I gave it away for good."
"You are an amazing man, Julian Lawson."
Julian didn't reply. Instead he seemed to retreat a little, to consider some internal scenario, memory perhaps. Melissa regarded him with a feeling part wonder, part compassion. What was he giving up to remain true to his gift? Was he happy, was he truly happy with such a profound choice?
Then something occurred that made them both sit up and look at each other in wonder, for he answered her question, quite clearly, and purely by thought: "Yes."
"Yes, what?" She said aloud.
"You did hear that?"
"You heard my question?"
"Yes I did," said Julian.
"Yes I did," said Melissa.
"Well, I'll be," said Julian. "Looks like I found that tongue."
Then she thought the question, "Does Kristina know?"
"That she owns my heart?" he said.
"Yes."
"No. No, she does not."
Melissa nodded. Yes, she could see that the noble, the loving thing to do was to not tell her.
"Yes," Julian said. That's the noble, the right thing to do.
"I had a thing for you for a while," said Melissa. "Though not anymore."
"I'm flattered."
"Though now you feel to me more like a brother than anything else. A dear and close brother."
"Amazing," said Julian. Again reflecting on finding his tongue, and on hearing her thoughts. Then he said, "We have to establish some sort of protocol."
"What do you mean?"
"Privacy," he said. "Respect thereof."
"Ah, yes. Yes, we have to establish some sort of protocol."
But instead of discussing protocol, Julian said, "Can I ask you a question?"
"Sure."
"I've been meaning to ask you for a while."
"Sure, what is it?"
"What is it like to be the Buddha's mother? If that is that how you see yourself."
Good question. "No," she said after a little while. "That is not how I see myself. I see myself as Ruth's mother. She's the one I carried in my belly, and she's the one I've worried about and raised. That fact that she's also Tathagata, somehow it's secondary."
Julian nodded. Yes, he could see that. "But," he said. "The responsibility?"
"The responsibility?"
"She's on a mission. A crucial mission."
"I know."
"Legally, I mean. You're still her mother."
"Of course I am."
"Is it a burden?"
She shook her head. "No, no burden. A joy."
He smiled at that. "She told me once that she chose you. She chose well."
"I hope so," said Melissa.
"I know so," said Julian.
"Flat-out know?" wondered Melissa.
"Yes."
:
On paper, what Julian and Ruth wanted to prove was straightforward enough: that life-at its most fundamental-was indeed the medium that facilitated instant communication between the twin particles. This, however, proved extremely difficult to demonstrate.
Ruth had told Julian that from the ultimate view of the Buddha and his insight into the truth about nature-the thus-ness of things, as she put it-neither of the correlated twin-particles really existed. She had told him that they-in truth-were a result of life thinking them, and that without life there would be neither particle or instant communication (knowing) between them.
Julian was on board with this. Generally accepted research had already established that these particles were and also were not particles. What Ruth said-that these were direct products of life thinking them-was not beyond the realm of such reason. But that would take some proving. At this point it proved more than just elusive, it was flirting with the impossible.
A string of experiments were running into an either/or brick wall. Either life was looking, and the instant communication took place (and Julian had, of course, already proven that), or life was not looking, and then there simply were no way of telling was there?
Very much like the tree falling in the forest with no one to hear. Did it indeed make a sound? There was no real way of telling, was there? You would have to be there to record the sound or non-sound to prove it one way or another, but in doing this there would, of course-since you would have to be there in order to record-there would be a sound.
After many attempts, and many failures, they were quite literally back at the proverbial drawing board.



::22:: (Pasadena)

"We have to fool them into thinking we're not looking," said Julian. He said this partially as a joke, but as he said it, he also felt a deep-within rumbling sense of onto-something about that.
But Ruth shook her head. "As long as life is intimately involved in the experiment, the particles will exist and non-local communication will occur." Then she went on to think out aloud: "If there were to be no life whatever involved in the experiment, there would be no communication possible. No instant communication between the twins will take place. Nor, of course, would there be any twin particles to experiment with."
"So, not provable. Is that what you're saying?"
"I don't know, Julian. I think it might simply be an either/or proposition. Either life is present to exist the twin particles into being, and with that the instant communication, or their co-knowing; or, there is no life to facilitate their co-knowing, but then, by the same token, there will be no twin particles either.
"So, not provable?"
Ruth sighed. "I honestly don't know." Then, after a brief silence, added, "I wonder if there can be a way to provide or display or manifest-I don't know what the right word would be-sufficient life to keep the particles in place, to exist them, but not enough life to facilitate co-knowing."
Julian remained silent, still rumbling inside, waiting for more.
"The problem, of course," she continued. "Is that life is always present, to some degree or other, or there would be no universe, no world, no twin particles, nothing. Being, at heart, the product of thought and nothing else, the twin particles are finely attuned to thought, and they know that we-as experimenters-expect them to not only exist, but to instantly communicate. And, being friendly particles they oblige."
Julian remained silent. Listening intently.
"This behavior was agreed upon aeons ago," she said. "The physical has a long memory. And always does what it's told."
"You lost me there."
"I've said it before, Julian. It is all illusion. All of it. Some a bit more illusive than others. Non-local communication is very fundamental to matter, without it matter would, literally, fall apart. The left hand has to know, at all time, precisely what the right hand is doing. Always coordinated. It is, truly, one body. As long as life is involved.
"But life is always involved."
"Yes," Ruth said. "That is the problem."
Julian sat very still while within him the rumble turned small geyser of intuition that gathered strength and then erupted, and then took wing, "Perhaps if we don't observe directly."
Ruth looked up at him, with that look that took in everything, both external and internal. Still, she didn't quite follow, "What do you mean?"
"Perhaps if we place enough vias, enough relays, between us as observing life and the particles we observe, perhaps they won't notice our looking?"
Now she saw his reasoning, and smiled. "I don't know," she said. "But it's worth trying."
"Or, perhaps they will see through the charade."
"I don't know, Julian," she said. "Chances are that they will, but we won't know until we try. How do you see us setting this up?"
Julian's private geyser seemed to have had it all worked out from the start, and as he listened to it (if that is what he did) he nodded to himself and saw that if there indeed was a way to fool life into believing there was no life there looking, this would be it.
"Remember the Colombia-Borneo experiment?" he asked.
"Of course."
"We should duplicate that experiment, but rather than having the data sent directly to our monitoring computers, we should first beam it to a communication satellite, and from there to another satellite, and from there to a third, and so on, until we have enough relays and vias to appear to the particles that no one is looking. Nothing alive anyway."
Ruth smiled and nodded. "Worth trying," she said.



::23:: (Pasadena)

The experiment took three grueling months to arrange. The sites in Colombia and Borneo were easily enough brought online-lasers calibrated and made ready, as was Cambridge, it was the communication satellites that was the problem. One or two, fine, it was Cal Tech asking after all, they could have them on short notice; but Julian wanted ten, twenty, and that raised not only quite a few eyebrows but a host of objections. Julian stuck to his guns, he needed a minimum of ten, twenty would be better. In the end they managed to line up sixteen, for a window of precisely four minutes and twelve seconds.
"Is sixteen enough?" wondered Ruth.
"Is four minutes enough?" wondered Julian.
They sat looking at each other across Julian's desk, cluttered as usual, lately striking Julian more like something alive than simply wood and paper. How many relays were enough? Julian had pondered this what felt like endlessly. He'd like a hundred, a thousand, but that was not going to happen, was it? Sixteen relays would introduce roughly thirty milliseconds to the arrival of the data, which in particle physical time was a small eternity. Still, would it fool the twins? He hoped, but was far from sure.
He said, "I have to assume that if sixteen doesn't fool them, then no amount will."
"I don't know," said Ruth. "I don't remember."
"You don't remember?"
"There are so many agreements," she said. "I don't remember their sequence, in what order they were made. I don't remember if delays were ever agreed upon. If it was indeed agreed that life could mask its looking."
"You are talking long ago," said Julian, who by now had ceased to be surprised by anything Ruth said.
"I am talking very long ago," Ruth agreed.
"There's only one way to find out," said Julian. "Although I am concerned about the window. Four minutes is not much."
"And twelve seconds," added Ruth.
"And twelve seconds, yes. But a single hiccup will eat all of that, and then we have no experiment left."
"So, we won't have any hiccups," said Ruth.
"Let's hope so," said Julian.
:
The year was 2026, the day was December 16th, a Wednesday.
At precisely 14:10 hours, Cambridge time, the sixteen communication satellites would sync up and provide a path of relays for the data sent by the Borneo detecting laser.
At precisely that time Cambridge fired a set of negative particle twins for the lasers, the Colombia twin hitting firsts and reversed to positive, the Borneo particle hitting its laser that hair-breadth of time later, which detected and reported back, via, via, via-through all sixteen relays-and the particle was: positive.
And again, and again, and again. All positive. Non-locally told by its twin to change polarity, again and again.
There was no fooling life.
"Oh, well," said Ruth.
:
December 17th was a gloomy day. I many ways.
Pasadena did its best not to rain, but didn't do a very good job of it. Clouds ran low and intrusively. The wind blew in no particular direction, but that which at that moment would find some unprotected spot to usher the rain toward-at least that's how Julian felt as he rang the doorbell. Melissa answered it. "Julian, you're soaking."
He nodded in agreement and scrambled inside.
"They have a thing called umbrellas," Melissa informed him. "It's supposed to keep you dry in weather like this."
"This is not England," said Julian. "Or Boston."
"Boston's into umbrellas?" said Melissa.
"Oh, I don't know. They're an east-coast thing."
"Here," said Melissa. "Give me that jacket."
Julian obliged, and Melissa hung it up, away from the other coats and jackets to give it space to dry.
"Ruth?" said Julian.
"Yes," said Melissa. "She's waiting for you. She and Ananda. They're in Ananda's room. Do you want anything? Coffee? Have you had breakfast?"
"Coffee would be great."
"You go on," said Melissa, "I'll bring it."
"Thanks."
Julian had visited the Marten household at least once a month over the last few years, and knew where to go. The door to Ananda's room stood open, but he still announced his arrival with a soft knock.
They both looked up from a diagram that Ruth was drawing.
"Julian," said Ananda. "Good to see you."
"Do you remember EPROMs?" asked Ruth.
"EPROMs?"
"Erasable, programmable, read-only memory."
"Yes, I know the acronym."
"Do we still use them?"
"I'm sure we do. In some fashion or another."
Julian looked around for somewhere to sit down. Something Ananda would notice, and did. "Oh, I'm sorry, Julian-here." He stood up and fetched a chair for him. Placed it by his desk, next to Ruth's. Julian eased into it, and eyed the diagram Ruth was still sketching.
"Why do you ask?" he asked.
"Remember we talked about sequences of agreements?"
"You talked about."
"Yes."
"Yes, I do."
"Well, by that sequence, some things can, by agreement, be undone. Others can't. Yesterday, we didn't know whether the Borneo twin was positive or not until we looked, until, even after sixteen relays, we looked. Even had the data up to that point shown a negative Borneo particle, when we looked it was instantly positive, for that is what life has agreed will happen. We've certainly proven that there's no way around that."
"Unfortunately, yes," Julian agreed.
"Correct me if I'm wrong, but the only way to erased the data stored on an EPROM is to douse it with a healthy helping of ultra-violet light? Strong ultra-violet light."
"That's correct," said Julian. Ananda nodded in agreement, he must have researched this as well-he was pretty handy with his Mortimer.
"Random Access Memory, on the other hand, is easily erased, or changed."
"Of course. Just turn of the power, or write something else to it. That's how RAM works."
Ruth smiled, apparently pleased with herself. "What if," she said, and pointed to her diagram. "What if we have the Borneo laser report dually, both to an EPROM receptacle and a RAM receptacle."
Julian's internal geyser rumbled again, and then he shivered. Then grew very still, very vacuum: He saw, yes, he saw.
"If the polarity changes because we look, that change is easily made in the RAM, but will not be made in the EPROM. Is that what you're saying?"
"I believe that the agreements that make the EPROM work, run deeper than detecting a looking life. I don't think there is a way for the data recorded on the EPROM to be changed once the particles realized they're being viewed as to behavior. And, just to be sure, we'll keep any source of ultra-violet light well away from the EPROM."
"My god," said Julian. Then, after a few racing heartbeats, and a better look at the diagram, "I believe that will work."
Ananda smiled.
"Coffee for Julian," announced Melissa.
Ananda made some room for it, and fetched a coaster out of a drawer.
"What will work?" said Melissa, putting the mug of steaming coffee down on the bamboo coaster.
Julian looked up at her. "I think Ruth has come up with a way to outwit the twin particles."
"Agreement," said Ruth.
Melissa, interested, went to get another chair, brought it, sat down. "I'm a big ear," she said.
"We can't prove that life is what facilitates the non-local communication for whenever we look, the particles know we're looking and behaves as expected," said Julian.
"As agreed," said Ruth.
"Yes," said Melissa. "Ananda told me."
"Ah," said Julian, looking over at Ananda. Then, looking over Ruth's diagram, asked for a clean sheet of paper and a pen, which the ever-efficient Ananda supplied.
"If I understand Ruth correctly," said Julian, while sketching out the Colombia-Borneo experiment again, "even though the particles will detect that they are being viewed by life, and so will conform accordingly, their actual state, or pre-viewed state, will already have been recorded on the EPROM, which cannot be reversed or altered when we finally look. The RAM data will be changed-we know that they can manage that-but the EPROM data will not."
Ruth nodded. As did Ananda.
"So what do you hope to see?" asked Melissa.
Ruth looked at Ananda and then at Julian. "I'm not sure," she said.
"We hope to see the state of the particles when no one is looking," said Ananda.
"Yes," said Julian. "The state of the particles when no one is looking."
"Will that prove that life is the medium that facilitates non-local communication?" Melissa wanted to know.
"It will show what effect life looking will have on them," said Ruth.
"And what effect is that?" said Melissa.
"Well," said Ruth. "Basically, without life there would be no particles."
"So, if life is not looking, there will be nothing there," said Melissa.
Ruth looked at her, then at Ananda, then at Julian, then back at Melissa. Then said to all of them, with a smile, "See, that's why I chose her as my mother."
"I think you're right," Ananda told her.
Julian was still catching up. "What exactly do you mean?" to all of them.
"If life takes absolutely no interest in the twin particles, there will most likely not be any particles there at all," said Ruth.
"And no data will be recorded on the EPROM," said Julian.
"Not until we look," said Ruth.
"We're going to need a large EPROM," said Julian.
"That is true," said Ruth.
:
And that turned out to be the problem. EPROMs were normally used to house smaller programs that would stay active, or in place, even though the computer would power down. Julian and Ruth spent the next three weeks both on rescheduling Colombia and Borneo, and on tracking down a sufficiently large EPROM. They estimated that to capture all the data from the Borneo twin as it sped toward the Borneo laser would take at least 2 terabytes, and the largest EPROM chip in production was 1 terabyte.
Intel, however-owing much of its existence to Cal Tech in the first place-promised that they could serialize four 1 terabyte EPROMs for a total of 4 TBs which would be plenty, with room to spare. Give us two weeks.
And two weeks later, they had the chips (four sets of them, actually, to facilitate four individual experiments), nicely aligned and ready for deployment.
They also adjusted the Cambridge particle firing angles so that the twin particles would not reach their respective beams for twelve full seconds, which would give them a meaningful window large enough to both not-look and look. There was some concern that the vastly increase travel time would minimize the difference of arrival too much, but this-once the calculations were complete-proved to not be a problem, there would still be an easily measurable time difference between their arrivals.
That settled, they also had a detector laser installed at Cambridge, which would provide a sensor beam along which the Borneo particle would fly en route to the Borneo laser. This way they would have a complete data stream of that twin's behavior, first on its way, and then at arrival.
"Twelve seconds," said Ruth. "That's the travel time?"
"Yes," said Julian.
"So, if we look precisely eight seconds after firing, we should receive meaningful data.
Julian nodded. "Yes."
"Looks like we're ready," said Ruth.
"Agreed."



::24:: (Pasadena)

The experiments-four of them, run precisely eight minutes apart, giving them ample time to exchange the EPROMS-took place the third week of January 2027. The results could not have been more conclusive, nor more astonishing.
Melissa had hit it right on.
Imagine three computer monitors, connected to their respective computers, each of which is receiving a direct fiber feed from their respective sources.
Monitor A will show the entire journey of the Borneo particle from firing to arriving at the Borneo beam, a journey of 12 seconds, with data captured in EPROMs.
Monitor B will show the same thing, but with data captures in RAM.
Monitor C will wait for the Borneo particles arrival at the Borneo beam and simply report polarity.
The Cambridge crew will of course have to be aware of, and monitor (which amounts to viewing), the Borneo particle firing, and so-by past experience as well-will exist it into place. But their directions are that once fired, no further human observation will be made at Cambridge.
Once fired, the only viewing anywhere, by any life, will take place at Cal Tech, by Julian and Ruth.
At precisely four o'clock in the morning Pasadena time, the first particle was fired (noon in Cambridge) into perfect conditions. The countdown was given real time over audio connection, four, three, two, one, fire.
At precisely eight seconds past four, both Julian and Ruth turned to Monitor B to check progress, which in this view was depicted as a long streak starting at the bottom left of the screen (Cambridge) heading for the top right (Borneo beam).
Four seconds later Monitor C reported polarity, verifying that the Borneo particle had sensed the polarity shift of its Colombia twin (which was fired as positive, then changed to negative by the Colombia beam), and instantly turned to negative as well.
Two deep breaths after that (one each) Julian and Ruth turned their attention to Monitor A which showed a bright blip at the bottom left-the firing of the Borneo particle. Then:
Nothing for eight seconds of travel. Nothing. Then the last third of the distance is again illuminated by the streak, the last four seconds.
They looked at each other, though said nothing. Instead they stepped aside as the engineers descended on their computer to change the serialized EPROMs to a fresh set.
This sequence of events was repeated three more times, precisely eight minutes apart, with the exact same result (apart from the Borneo twin's reported polarity which went positive, negative, positive to mirror it's Colombia twin, which was fired negative, positive, negative then reversed by the Colombia beam).
They reviewed the data on the four different EPROM sets, and there was no doubt: the Borneo particle vanished immediately after firing and stayed vanished until viewed by life eight seconds later, when it reappeared. Each time.
There was no way of telling (without ruining the experiment) whether the RAM connected monitor showed the same thing up until second 8-for at second 8, the particles evidently revised the history stored in RAM to show a continued presence, but without violating prior agreements, as Ruth had put it, they could not alter the history irrevocably burned into the EPROMs.
Did this prove that non-local communication was facilitated by life? Not as such, but what it did prove rendered the non-local question moot.
What Julian and Ruth had proved was that not only is non-local communication facilitated by life, the particles themselves are made possible by life. Without life looking, there are no particles. Without life looking, there is nothing there.

"What does this mean?" was Melissa's only response to Ruth's and Julian's congratulations later than evening, she had predicted this.
"I'm not really sure," said Julian. "But it should shake a few people up."
"It means," said Ruth, "that I can begin my mission in earnest."
"It does?" Melissa looked to Ananda for support. Surely not?
But Ananda only shrugged his shoulders ever so slightly, meaning: Ruth had a point.
"No," said Melissa, refusing to believe, or accept.
"If there ever was a marriage of science and religion," said Ruth, facing her mother. "This is it."



::25:: (Pasadena)

To make doubly and trebly and even more sure, Julian requested eight more sets of serialized EPROMs from the Intel labs, which arrived two days later. Two days after that they repeated the experiment, this time eight times over, eight minutes apart, with precisely the same result each time.
While there had been no doubt in their minds after the initial experiment, Julian wanted to rule out any possibility of mistake or fluke, and as a result he now had twelve sets of serialized EPROMs each one showing that for eight seconds (give or take some fraction-they did not cast their eyes on monitor B at precisely 8 seconds) after firing, the Borneo particle simply ceased to be. No life looking.
:
It was a sunny January afternoon-Thursday, said the calendar, and went on to say, the 21st. Ruth and Julian sat in his office, the set of EPROMs safely ensconced in protective, UV resistant rapping, on the desk between them.
William had brought tea for the two of them, and Ruth was now sipping hers while Julian looked out the window at the green meadow of a garden behind his lab. He breathed very slowly, and very carefully, as if any sudden movement would disturb the dream and wake him up.
Ruth, a little less awed by their success, broke the silence, "What now?"
Still dazed, careful about breathing, about holding the world in place, for this was a world he did not want to vanish by some mental blunder of his, this discovery was too unreal-still-to take any chances with. Even so, he managed to say the correct thing, what they must do next.
"We have to document this, as clearly and as carefully as we can, and publish our findings in a peer paper."
"Peer paper?"
"The next step is to have others replicate the experiment."
"Why?"
Which Julian ignored. "We make this possible by writing a technical paper addressing the scientific community, documenting the experiment in sufficient detail to allow others to run the exact same experiment, to the exact same result. Unless this is done, we will not-and I can guarantee you this, Ruth-we will not be believed."
"But the EPROMs," she said, nodding at the silvery package on Julian's desk. "They're right there."
"Easily doctored," said Julian. "Any discovery of magnitude-and nothing has ever been of this magnitude, ever-must be replicated and verified. That's a natural scientific law."
Ruth seemed uncomfortable with this.
"What?" asked Julian.
"How long will this take? How much time do you need?"
"Do I need? There's no 'I' here, Ruth. This is our experiment, our paper. This will be published jointly."
Ruth didn't answer.
"What? I don't get it, Ruth."
"I had hoped to tell the world."
"We will tell the world, but not until the experiment has been verified. You'll just have to hold your horses."
"How long will this take?"
"Well, once you stop pouting, it shouldn't take more than a week, two perhaps-it has to be approved by Cal Tech review as well."
"All this red tape."
"Do you want to be believed or not?"
Ruth shrugged her shoulders, striking Julian as the picture of a slightly petulant teenager. "Of course," she said.
"Then we have to go about it the red-tape way."
Ruth sighed her concession.
:
It took a full month.
The writing, the stating everything as clearly, as unambiguously as possible, took one, two, three drafts, then some input from Ananda and Melissa, then a fourth draft read with meticulous care by William Williams, Julian's perfectionist assistant, who spotted no less than fourteen what he called inconsistencies (but what any normal person would call typos, or grammar mistakes), then a final draft that they all agreed upon. This was all done in less than a week.
The problem was the review board. What Ruth thought of a red tape. Turning very red indeed.
 The board, consisting of three Cal Tech professors, all with a host of patents to their name, all busy on their own projects, and all a little envious-if not suspicious-of Julian and his pretty protg assistant, flat out did not believe the findings.
Not until they got assurances, both in writing and in person, from the head of Intel Labs concerning the soundness of the EPROMs used; not until they had spoken to-again in person-to the Cambridge team leader, as well as those heading up the Borneo and Colombia sites, to verify every last comma (it seemed to Ruth) of the paper.
"The worst thing that could possibly happen to Cal Tech as an institution," Julian told Ruth, "is that they sign off on these findings only to have them disproved. Cal Tech would be the laughing stock of science. It happened to the University of Utah in 1989 with their Fleischmann-Pons cold fusion experiment, which was prematurely reported by the school to the Journal of Electroanalytical Chemistry only to then be disproved by just about every attempt to replicate it. Talk about eggs and face."
"Yes, but two weeks."
"They'll come around," said Julian. "They have no choice. They're right to be cautious, but they're also good scientists, and they're doing all the right things, speaking to the right people. I don't blame them."
Again, the teenager looked her age, not liking the delay one bit.
The final step was the board's interview with Julian and Ruth, which took two full days-though with ample breaks for coffee, sandwiches, lunches, seemingly any excuse for a break. In the end, however, they were satisfied-and scared, was Ruth's observation-that their experiment was sound, and that the result was scientifically correct. Impossibly unexpected, is how they put it, but obviously true.
They signed the paper, and it was rushed to publication in the Journal of Particle Physics, which had it online within an hour after submission.
Julian-with Ruth's concurrence-knowing that the paper would create a storm (and a storm of inquiries and questions, both from the scientific community and the press) had made it abundantly clear in the prolog to the paper that the research team (meaning himself and Ruth) would answer no questions-or grant any interviews-from anyone who did not seriously intend to replicate the experience; stating clearly that before this was made available for public consumption, as he put it, he wanted verification in place.
This assertion notwithstanding, within hours Cal Tech was inundated with calls, and soon thereafter, visits. All wanting to speak to Julian and Ruth, and now.
The Cal Tech switchboard had been instructed to ask every caller if they intended to replicate the experiment, if not, sorry, we can't help you.
Many a caller lied, of course, sure, that's why we're calling. Those were put through to Julian's office and fielded by the efficient-as-always William Williams. Julian had left him a list of institutions and teams that should be believed if they claimed to plan a replication, and for each caller (or visitor), William went down the list, vetting them.
Julian and Ruth, meanwhile, had cleared out, and was spending the week following the publication at Melissa's.
The result of this storm was that four teams declared that they would replicate, and as they were all on Julian's list, appointments were made, and meetings were held, questions were answered, dates were set.
The four teams that were to mirror Julian's and Ruth's experiment were UCLA in Los Angeles, California; Cal Tech's archrival MIT in Massachusetts; QUT (Queensland University of Technology) in Brisbane, Australia; and KTH (Royal Institute of Technology) in Stockholm, Sweden.
All four teams had travelled to Pasadena, had met with Julian and Ruth, and were now confident that they could recreate the experiment exactly, although each team member-with the exception of Sara Karlsson, heading up the Swedish team, who smiled a lot-expressed serious doubts as to the outcome. It was simply not possible was it.
"I think it's possible," smiled Karlsson.



::26:: (Pasadena)

The first team to complete verification was QUT in Brisbane. Twelve runs. Perfect duplication. On the April video call their team leader looked equally stunned and pleased: "I'll be damned," he said. "I'll be damned." And then for good measure said it a few more times.
"I take it you confirmed," said Julian.
"I'll be damned," he said.

Sara Karlsson at KTH called two days later. Smiling.
"I knew it," she said.

MIT, however, had bad news. Aaron Short, heading up the MIT Molecular Phenomena Department, was shaking his head. "Not a single time," he said.
"I know I have no right to ask, but I have to," said Julian. "You did follow the procedure exactly?"
"Of course."

The UCLA team arrived two days later, in person, with champagne. "Incredible," was their consensus. "Incredible."
:
Two days later, Julian and Ruth arrived at MIT, to see Aaron Short.
"Tell me, precisely," said Ruth. Which saw a raised eyebrow or two, especially from Professor Short, who was accustomed to always occupy center stage, no one would tell him what to say, precisely.
"Please," added Julian.
So he did, take them through it, step by minute step, and it all replicated the Cal Tech protocol, to the letter.
Julian was shaking his head, he didn't understand.
Ruth observed, "Shouldn't you keep those EPROMs under wraps, the sunlight could disturb the data.
"Oh, don't worry," said Aaron short, they're not EPROMs, they're Flash Memory. UV can't harm them."
"They're not EPROMs?" said Ruth, shouted Julian, with one, strange combined voice.
"Same principle," said Short.
"No, no, no," said Julian. "They have to be EPROMs."
"What are you getting at," asked Professor Short. "They're non-volatile, just like EPROMs. And a lot cheaper. We did ask the Intel Labs for some, but it seems KTH got to them first. They were out, and we could not wait."
"It will only work with EPROMs," said Ruth.
"You're kidding," said Short.
"No, not kidding," said Julian. "There is a lot of electricity floating around for the particles to use to revise the Flash Memory history, and they obviously found and used it. Only EPROMs."
Short turned and looked at his colleagues. "EPROMs," he said. "Nothing else will work."
"I'll call Intel Labs if you want," said Julian.
"No, don't worry," said Short. "We'll take care of it." Scrambling to regain some of his lost control.
:
A week later, on the last day of April, Aaron Short placed another video call to Cal Tech.
"I have to apologize," he said. "And congratulate you."
"You confirm?" said Julian.
Aaron Short smiled and shook his head. "I don't understand, I really don't. Not yet, anyway. But I confirm. We ran it twelve times, every time confirmed. You've really stumbled onto something here, Julian."
"It was Ruth's stumble," said Julian.
"Oh, I'm sorry."
"Don't worry about it," said Ruth.
"Incredible," said Short. "This is really incredible."
"Not really," said Ruth.
Apart from some more or less formal wrap-up pleasantries, that was the gist of the call.



::27:: (Pasadena)

"And now what?" said Ruth.
"Now we write the public paper," said Julian.
"How public is public?" she asked.
"What do you mean?"
"Are we writing for broad consumption? Should it be accessible to the man on the street?"
"Both of those."
"How do we best include my mission?"
"You're really serious about that?," said Julian. "I'm not sure this is the appropriate venue."
"I am serious about it. People will care about this, about what we've shown here. That's why I'm sure they will also care about who I am."
"I don't see how we can work it in."
Ruth was waiting for more.
"It's not like we can add a footnote," said Julian. "Oh, by the way, Ruth Marten is also the Buddha returned. Or include it in the bio section."
"We should outline the sequence of universal agreements, explain that this is why the EPROM worked where the Flash Memory did not. We should clarify which agreement came first, which agreement takes precedence."
"I think we'll lose them."
"Surely we should mention it?"
"The agreements?"
"Yes."
"I'm not sure. I see the paper as a less technical version of what we've already published."
Ruth was shaking her head. "It has to be more than that. We've proven that without life there is nothing."
"Without life looking there are no two subatomic particles. That's what we've proven," said Julian.
"I mean by extension."
"I think you're giving the man on the street too much credit, intellectually."
"He is smarter than you think," said Ruth, and not especially kindly. "The man on the street."
Julian regarded the young girl in silence. She was no young girl, this he knew, of course, and now this was more evident than ever. Then he said:
"What do you suggest then?"
"Do you mind if I write the paper on my own?"
It had been on the tip of his tongue to suggest, "No," he said. "Actually, no. I don't mind. This really is your experiment, your idea. Your recollection, as you put it."
"Thanks, Julian. I will do that then."
Then Julian told her, "According to William, they're already clamoring for it. The papers, the television stations."
"Let them clamor," said Ruth.
:
Technically speaking, Ruth's public paper-which she referred to as her coming-out paper, and which Julian didn't think was a very funny label (see the Appendix for the full transcript)-should have been approved by the Cal Tech review board, but Julian, once he had read the paper-and being well versed with the board-advised against showing it to them.
"They'll never let it see the light of public day."
"Is it that bad?"
"Bad? No, not at all. It's that good. It's too radical. It's too much."
"For the board?"
"Yes."
"But the public, what do you think?"
"I think it'll raise some eyebrows."
"Do you think they'll get it?"
"I'm understating. Yes, I think they'll get it, at least many will, and it'll cause a storm. That's what I think. A storm that Cal Tech will not necessarily welcome, but there you have it."
Ruth nodded. "So it's a go."
"I'd say so."
Enlisting the services of Cal Tech's Public Relations department, Julian saw to it that copies of Ruth's paper were widely disseminated. It was a Monday. It was the third of May. It was late in the afternoon.
Even so, after much scramble and rearrangement of topics, most U.S. television stations led with the story that evening.



::28:: (Pasadena)

Federico Alvarez was in it for the money, and for the fame. And he did not hide that light under as much as a hint of a bushel. Rather, he was proud of it, and enjoyed enlightening all and sundry about how and why he did what he did.
He was KCAA's investigative reporter, with a lot of scalps to his credit, as he liked to put it. He also liked to enlighten anyone within earshot about his ratings, unmatched, he'd inform them. Unmatched. It's a big word that, meaning a lot of money, both for his station and for his wallet.
He was also extremely well connected.
"Connected," in this business is normally reflected in "reciprocal favors," and is primarily a matter of the accounting of these favors-who's in debt, who's accumulated credit.
Federico, over the years, had accumulated sizeable credit.
That is why, by mid-afternoon on the fourth of May-after calling in some major favors owed him-he had managed to secure an exclusive interview with the wunderkind Ruth Marten, the author if this extraordinary paper, that now made the rounds, both in paper and on the screen.
The interview was set for Saturday the eighth of May, which-in his own estimation-should give him just about enough time to dig around a little and expose her as the fraud she was.
:
Federico was in his first real fight at age six. The wealthy Buenos Aires neighborhood where he grew up was not, like some others, known for violence, but then again, fights among children-though they can be as life-threatening (though perhaps not literally) as any-don't really count.
To this day he remembers the fight, and the reason for it. His mother, an American born in New York who during her Buenos Aires residency had met and married his father, also a doctor (though a surgeon, not internal medicine, like his mother), had received a care package from New York, which included the latest fashion for children, apparently: A checkered cap, which she proudly bestowed upon him.
Truth be told, he liked it, even if it made him look a little out of place-no one in Buenos Aires, if not in the entire country, wore a cap like this. So, he donned it, and went out to share the wealth.
Out of place, indeed. Within minutes it seemed, he had become the laughing stock of his and many neighboring blocks in his part of town. It was as if kids migrated in his direction just to scorn.
Now, Federico Alvarez loved and adored his mother, so when the taunts (which up to this point he took in stride) expanded in scope to include his mother and the fact that she was an ugly (not true) gringo bitch, he had to defend her.
Carlos, the fat kid who seemed to head up this delegation of taunt, said it again, "Look at what the ugly gringo bitch has bought him, the little doll."
Once Federico had decided to draw blood in her defense, he found an odd stillness within, a sort of certainty that he could and would win-a feeling that was to stay with him all his life. He took four quick steps into the fat bully and nearly knocked him over.
"Say that again," he said. "And I'll kill you."
The bully, now unable to back down even if he wanted to (and he did, actually) obliged, "The ugly gringo bitch has bought the little doll a doll's hat."
Children's bones are softer than those of the fully grown, which is in only reason Federico did not break the bully's nose-soft knuckles hitting soft nose, which rather than breaking simply sprung a terrible leak and bled not only all over the bully but all over Federico as well, who now wrestled him to the ground where he proceeded to pummel his puffy face with a string of soft-knuckled blows, which nonetheless managed to shut bully eyes for the next few days.
It can only be speculated what might have happened had not Mr. and Mrs. Moreno walked by just then, and between them, after much tearing and pulling of boys' limbs and clothing, finally succeed in tearing Federico off the bully, now openly crying for his mother.
The following day, Federico wore his New York cap, boldly, proudly, and not a word was said-in fact, two days later someone else showed up with a similar cap, and a day after that three more caps appeared. The new trend in American children's fashion was taking root in Buenos Aires courtesy of Federico Alvarez.

His uncle, Lautaro Alvarez, a highly ranked Argentine amateur boxer in his day and who still put in a fight or two "just to keep in shape, and to teach the young ones a lesson or two," got wind of Federico's recent encounter and decided to tutor him a little, something he figured would always come in handy. Federico's mom objected, but his dad, Lautaro's younger brother, did not, and after some discussions where Federico himself was given the final say, off to the gym they went; twice a week for the next many months and then weekly until Federico moved to New York City with his parents a few days after his eighth birthday, now showing great-in fact, more than great, as Lautaro put it-promise as a boxer.
"Over my dead body," said his mom.
"You're welcome," said Lautaro.

Even though his mother had always spoken English to him as he grew up ("He has to know both," she insisted and his father agreed) his accent clearly marked him as an outsider in New York, and to make a long story short, let's say that Lautaro's coaching was to come in very handy over the next few years.
He called them "scraps" or "nothings" when his mother asked-applying Band-Aids here and there and, in her opinion, far too often; he called them "confrontations" when his father asked. Where he had picked up that word he wasn't quite sure.
Himself, he thought of them as "teaching lessons" and what he would call his local encounters among his peers was "kicking ass."
But whatever the label, he did fight a lot, and seldom his own fights; more often than not he was pressed into service by his neighborhood, to defend their honor, to right some wrong, to stand up for his part of town. Hero-stuff.
And that's what he liked, the hero part. Worth a lot of cuts and bruises, the hero business.
Until one day when a kid from Queens pulled a knife in the middle of a fight and all but cut his right little finger off. His mom threw a fit (but only after ascertaining that everything that could be done to rescue the finger had been done, and successfully at that). His dad echoed her sentiments, and he was made to swear-"No, Federico, really swear"-to stop fighting.
He swore, and never again fought-physically.
Truth is he kept fighting, only the venue had changed.
And that is how he got into broadcasting. For he was both intelligent (though not scholarly so, Ivy Leagues were not lining up scholarships or anything) and tenacious, and after securing an office-boy job at one of the New York radio stations-in a wild display of true talent for the job-he broke through when, with the help of neighborhood connections (for he had already at this time built up a strong credit side in the favors ledger) he managed to obtain an interview with a rape victim that no one else at the station, or any other station for that matter, whether radio or television, could reach.
Hero again. And he liked it. No, loved it. Lived for it. True calling.

To the credit of the owner of the station, he did not wait for an opening, he simply created the job of "Investigative Reporter" and gave it to Federico, who shone.
And kept shining.
In 2010 he received an offer from television station WNYW which he simply could not turn down. Out of loyalty, he did check with his boss to see what he thought, and the old man could not but agree, he had to make the move.
He worked at WNYW for nearly ten year before moving out to Los Angeles where his now wife had grown up and to where she wanted to return. KCAA jumped the fastest and highest to secure his services and he has been their star reporter ever since.
To be honest, perhaps his coverage over the years has veered a little toward the sensational-some would even say toward the tabloid, but to be frank Federico Alvarez does not give a damn. His ratings still blows everything else out of the water, and the figures on his paychecks (which his street-wise contract negotiations tied to his ratings) keep growing. Laughing all the way to the bank, as they say. Twice a month.
And now, by wits and guts and by tapping his store of favors owed, he had landed what he considered the interview of the century and was busy preparing.



::29:: (Burbank)

Federico finished Ruth Marten's paper for a fourth time. Or was it fifth, or sixth?, he had lost count. He made yet another note in the margin, joining the score or so already there, climbing up and down the margins in his careless hand. He circled another point, underlined something else, checked back to the beginning of the paper, read the opening paragraphs again: "Nothing exists but life. Before the beginning there was life. Or, perhaps better put, there was a stillness, a spaceless and timeless nothing which nonetheless held the potential of life."
Before the beginning there was life. It tasted of Bible. Not that he was particularly religious, but he didn't like it. Pretentious, is what he thought.
He put the paper down on the small desk beside him, then leaned back into his leather armchair, his head swirling a little with the magnitude of what the girl was proposing.
Or appeared to propose.
For he could see it no other way: It was fake. It had to be. A huge and elaborately disguised hoax, for no matter how scientifically proven and ostensibly verified, it reeked of the utterly impossible. And then to end things up by claiming, which was what the girl was doing-wasn't it?, that she is the Buddha, or a Buddha, whichever.
The general media reaction was split just about fifty-fifty.
Some papers reported the paper and its subject as the "miracle experiment," which was the phrase used by quite a few stations as well. Others reported it as one of the world's most elaborate (and expensive) hoaxes, sharing his view that this, this mystical mumbo jumbo, well, it simply could not be true. Nor could the girl be anything like a Buddha. Of course not. Preposterous. The audacity.
Some of the smaller, and more radical mid-west and southern stations saw the Buddha inference as quite apt. The Buddha, after all, was nothing but an idol worshipped by a bunch of heathens, and since the paper was nothing but lies, the liar herself-they claimed-only confirmed it by this wild Buddha innuendo.
He thought briefly of getting up and fixing himself a drink, then thought better of it. It was too late, and he needed to rise early, with a clear head. There remained many strings to pull and he only had two more days to prepare. The interview-which was to be live, the girl had insisted on that (and this was just fine with him, thank you)-was scheduled for eight o'clock Saturday night. KCAA had scrambled to rearrange the programming to accommodate him and were now, even as he sat there, he'd venture to guess, promoting the upcoming interview (exclusively on KCAA here in Los Angeles, of course) every commercial break.
He had two days to prove the hoax, and all he had to go on was his guts, though they were not entirely well-mustered behind him. Faint stirrings of what ifs refused to toe the line.
Well, damn it. He reached for the paper and began reading it for a sixth (or was it seventh?) time, pen at the ready.
:
Apparently, one of Federico's debtors knew someone who knew someone who knew someone whose friend knew Melissa's mother Sylvia quite well, and that friend had convinced Sylvia that Ruth Marten would benefit both financially and PR-wise if she granted KCAA the first (exclusive) interview, and did not give any other interviews before then.
Sylvia, not quite sure what to make of Ruth's paper-she had known the girl since she was a baby for heaven's sake, and to write such things-was nevertheless happy to be of help by bringing such good tidings (the amount was considerable), convincing Melissa that Ruth simply must do this.
Melissa in turn convinced Ruth (if not Ananda, but he felt he had to go along), then called her mother back: "Yes, she'll do it."
And that is how Federico landed his interview.

"I'm not entirely comfortable with this," said Ananda.
"For one," said Melissa, setting out to count on her fingers. "We need the money."
Ruth looked from one to the other. She could see it both ways. Ananda had a point, Federico Alvarez was not scientifically oriented or high-brow by any stretch, but he had a fantastic following, and he had promised a wholly unbiased, informative interview. And a handy sum to go along with that. And yes, they needed the money.
"For two," Melissa continued. "The man's the best-known television reporter in the country. Mom tells me they will broadcast the interview not only in Los Angeles, but KCAA will also provide a feed to every interested station in the country-except local competitors, of course."
"He's a sensationalist, and I don't trust him," said Ananda. "He'll do anything for ratings, and I don't think he'll give us an unbiased interview."
"He said he would," said Melissa.
"I know he did."
"What can he do?" she said. "It's not like he can challenge the results of the experiment."
"Oh, I'm sure he can. Others do." Then added, "I'm sure he will."
"Well, I'm sure he won't," said Melissa.
They did not always see eye to eye on matters, Ananda and Melissa, but they were always civil about that, and their at times disparate views had never caused any bad blood between them. They each acknowledged the other's right to an opinion and viewpoint, and were quite comfortable with that. This held true now as well.
"I've done a quick survey of his career," said Ananda. "And lately, he's made a living out of exposs, and some of them quite brutal, in my opinion."
"Ananda has a point," said Ruth.
"What would you suggest, daughter of mine?" Melissa asked her.
"You have a point, too," she attempted, diplomatically.
"I know I do."
"What if he tries to 'expose' you?" said Ananda, surrounding the word expose with fingered quotes.
"I'd like to see him try," said Ruth.
"He promised an unbiased interview," repeated Melissa.
"Well," said Ananda, "I still don't trust him. I think you need to be on your guard," addressing Ruth.
"Always," said Ruth.
:
To squeeze as large an audience as possible into Studio C-the largest one on the lot-KCAA had removed ten back-rows of seating to make standing room. The remaining seats were not as easily removable and were left in place. Even so, they had to turn away what one reporter estimated to be at least four thousand people. The producer was ecstatic. Chances were they would break viewer records with this. Virtually every independent station in the country had subscribed to the feed, and even quite a few networks affiliates (which they no doubt would catch hell for when discovered by their respective mother ships).
Federico, still being worked by make-up, was silently rehearsing his line of questioning while watching Lela put the final touches to his appearance. She was truly an artist: he looked if not half his age, perhaps at least half-way there. He nodded in approval at his mirror-image-which nodded right back, but with a bit of a frown.
"You okay?" said Lela.
"Fine. Yes. Fine."
And he was. Just fine. He knew where to go with this. The only cloudiness was the strange what if that did not want to leave (and that seemed to frown at him): what if the experiment and the paper were not fakes? But of course they were, the whole deal: a setup. And he knew just how to get this young lady to spill those very valuable beans on his show, prime time, live and, for all intents and purposes, nationwide. It was to be quite a night. His crowning achievement? Well, he didn't even want to think that, so as not to jinx it, but perhaps.
Someone just outside the make-up door was shouting "Ten minutes" louder than she had to. Lela stepped back and took a final look at him in the mirror, pleased with herself. "You're done," she said.
"Thanks," he said. "Good job."

Two chairs. A small steel and glass-top table between them. A crystal water carafe and two nice crystal glasses on bamboo coasters. Nice touch.
As always, he sat down in the chair to the right from the audience's perspective. One of the sound guys appeared behind him, and began to gear him up with the microphone and earpiece.
He heard "Five minutes" from somewhere, and here-guided by the producer-she came: the Ruth Marten.
A stunning Ruth Marten.
He hadn't noticed this from her photos, but those were some of the bluest eyes he'd ever seen, framed by some of the blackest hair he'd ever seen. Incongruous was the word. Or contradictory.
A stunning combination, three others.
He rose and extended his hand, which she took and shook. Nice dry hand, firm shake. She should be nervous, but apparently was not.
"Mr. Alvarez," she said.
"Oh, please. Federico."
"Federico," she said. She let go of his hand and turned toward the audience, shielding her eyes against the glare with her hand.  You could hear the audience well enough, a murmur, a rustle, a forest in the wind-picking up now that Ruth was on stage-but it was hard to make out, except for the first few rows.
He wanted to say something else, something to give the impression of wanting to put her at ease, something like, just pretend that we're having a conversation in your living room, but there seemed no need, or more correctly: no space, for that. Instead he sat down again and let the soundman complete his task. Another sound guy was adjusting Ruth's microphone (which had been fitted backstage) and tested for sound. Then he looked over to the producer and gave a thumbs-up.
Someone said "Three minutes," and the murmur of audience-forest gathered even more. So much, in fact, that one of the producer's assistants, crowd-control was the nickname, ran up and started to flash "Silence Please" on the overhead electronic banner, which almost instantly had the desired (and somewhat frightening) effect: the place grew dead-quiet.
"Two minutes," this over the monitors, and was the producer's voice.
"You ready?" he asked Ruth Marten.
"Of course," she said.
"They've explained to you about the commercial breaks?"
"Yes."
"Comfortable?"
"Sure."
"This is live, you know that?" There had to be some way of rattling her, at least a little.
"Yes."
Granted, the makeup would hide any sweat, but after twenty some years he could tell when someone was flushing under the makeup, and Ruth Marten was not.
The audience as forest was very much there, you could tell-that many warm bodies and eager attentions could not help forming a tangible presence-but made no sound.
"One minute," said the producer. Federico looked over at Ruth again, who in turn looked back at him, still as anything. Ready indeed.
Here came the production assistant holding up five fingers: "Five." Four fingers: "Four." Then just the fingers: three, two, one, and that one now firing at him with the meaning: Go.
Which he did.
"Unless you've just returned from a long trip to the South Pole, or Mars, you will have heard, or seen, or read about the recent Cal Tech EPROM experiment," he said, addressing both the camera and the audience, which laughed obligingly, and just the right amount.
"And," he continued, "at the center of this storm, this divine revelation, is a young-and let me add, beautiful-girl, Ruth Marten."
Applause.
He now turned toward her. "Seventeen, and by all accounts a genius. Have I got that right?"
"By what accounts?" said Ruth. Right away, and without a waver. She seemed curious, though.
"By what accounts?" He was surprised into repeating.
"Yes."
"Well," Federico glanced down at his notes. "You transferred from Pasadena Polytechnic to Cal Tech at fourteen. That's a bit precocious, don't you think? Or don't you agree?"
"I have a knack for physics," said Ruth.
"So they say."
"Who's they?" As right away, and as commanding of an answer.
For the briefest of moments Federico looked like he had been bitten. Then said, again consulting his notes, "Kristina Medina, for one."
"Is she here?" asked Ruth, again shielding her eyes from the lights with her hand and peeking into the audience, which laughed at the gesture.
"I don't know," said Federico.
But Ruth had spotted her in the front row, and now waved. Kristina waved back. The audience laughed again, enjoying the exchange.
Federico smiled, he had to. Then asked, "You asked that the particle physics department at MIT replicate the test, is that right?"
"That is right."
"But isn't it true that MIT had to do the experiment twice, why was that?"
Before Ruth could answer, Federico added, "Was it because the first set of test were a complete failure?"
"Yes," said Ruth.
"Yes, what?"
"Yes, it was because their first set of tests was a complete failure."
"Because it did not verify your findings?"
"That's correct."
"So you told them to do it again?"
"That's what we did."
"Asking MIT to do the test again just because it didn't verify your findings isn't very scientific, is it?"
"Do you know the difference between EPROM and Flash Memory?"
"Yes."
"What's the difference?"
Her question, again, demanded an answer, and he virtually heard himself say, "Flash Memory is the newer of the two technologies."
"True. What else?"
"Flash has a much higher density?" He was guessing here.
"True. What else?"
"That's about it."
"No, that's not about it. The singular-and, as far as our experiment is concerned, crucial-difference between EPROM and Flash is that EPROM requires ultraviolet light for erasure, while Flash only requires additional electricity."
Federico again consulted his notes. "Right you are."
"Right I am."
This got another cheerful laugh from the audience, and Ruth again looked in Kristin Medina's direction, and also spotted some other people she knew, her mom among them. She waved at them, too. Then she turned back to Federico, and continued, before he could ask the next question:
"MIT were using Flash memory in their first set of tests. There was some mix-up with their EPROM supply. Our EPROM experiment was called an 'EPROM experience' for a fairly obvious reason."
Another brief audience giggle cut her off, but she soon picked up the thread, "We did the experiment using EPROMs, that's the only kind of memory that nature cannot revise after the fact. That is why we asked MIT to do their tests again, using EPROMs this time. They did, and as soon as they actually ran our experiment as done-as we had described it-they verified our findings."
"Or so you say."
"Or so MIT says."
Federico took a long look at this seemingly unflappable girl. He had underestimated her, gravely. Those incredibly blue eyes met his, and did not waver. A challenge. No, more like curiosity. And laughing. Or, if not laughing, at least mocking. She smiled and shifted in the chair, waiting for the next question, which he had to come up with fast.
Looking first at Ruth, and then into the camera, he said, "Several renowned physicists have gone on record calling your experiment a spoof, a stunt."
Ruth did not rise to the bait of the insinuated question, and was obviously waiting for more to come-so he had to state it.
"Why on earth would you pull a stunt like this? What's in it for you, or your mother?"
Federico noted that she flinched ever so slightly on the mention of her mother. A chink in the armor?
"Is that the question?" She said.
"Yes, that's the question."
Ruth shifted again, then swept back her hair with her hand. "You are right, Mr.Alvarez, several renowned physicists and institutions have expressed disbelief. Among them research teams at Fermilab in Illinois and at CERN in Switzerland-primarily, I guess, for political rather than scientific reasons. Some questions have been raised by those who have not had the chance to fully familiarize themselves with the facts and details. Others still, I'd venture to assume, have been paid very well to fuel controversy, which I assume is good for ratings. Isn't it?"
And before Federico could respond, Ruth went on, "And as to what's in it for me, or for my mom: The truth. That's all. The goal of all science, and the goal of both philosophy and religion as well. The truth."
Federico's strategy had been to first cast his famous doubt upon the experiment itself, and upon the quote verifications unquote, which he would frame by index and long fingers slashing the air, enlisting the many articles and reports that questioned-some politely, some mockingly, some outrageously-the veracity of the EPROM experiment findings. Then, with the young girl reeling from this onslaught, he would move in for the kill and expose the ludicrous claim that she was the Buddha, for that is what she claimed wrapping up her paper: "Those who have woken up to this fact are called Buddhas." And, "Those who have notions of this fact are called artists. Those who see none of these facts are called humans. I am awake."
And "I am awake," meaning precisely that: I am the Buddha. Ridiculous, of course, and an invitation to exposure.
But the girl wasn't reeling. In the least. Calm as anything, and those too-blue, mocking eyes, as if asking whether that was the best he could do. Well, it wasn't. Far from it. He had done his homework, lot of it.
And so the fighter in him stirred more fully awake, smiled, and said, "It's a big word that: the truth."
"Yes, it is."
"About once a year," he said. "Sometimes more often, we hear the clamor from some part or other of the country-or the world, for that matter-that Jesus has returned. We hear that the end is near, and that the savior has come back in the flesh to lead his flock back home. And every time this happens we pull the string only find some lunatic at the end of it, fit for the spin bin."
Ruth drew breath to answer or comment, but Federico held up his hand. "Now, you've gone one better in your paper."
"What do you mean?"
The he laughed, "I mean seriously: the Buddha?"
"What do you mean?"
"Perhaps I'm reading between the lines, but I don't think so. That's what you say at the end of the paper. That you are awake. And that those who are awake are Buddhas. That's how you end your paper: 'I am awake.' A point you're stressing.
Ruth shifted again, and again swung her hair back with her splayed fingers. "What if it were true?"
"What? That you're Jesus? That you're a lunatic?"
"That I'm a Buddha."
Federico looked up and out over the audience, "Is there a doctor in the house?"
Some laughed outright-small explosions, some laughed politely, some laughed with embarrassment because they were expected to, or felt they were, some laughed not at all.
Finally, Federico thought, finally I've made a dent in her. And pressed his advantage. "We've already established that you're a smart girl. So, by definition, you're not stupid. But, apparently, that doesn't disqualify you as a lunatic. I mean, come on Ruth, the Buddha?"
"A Buddha," she said.
"The Buddha. A Buddha. What's the difference? The Jesus, a Jesus. The lunatic, a lunatic. It escapes me."
 Ruth straightened in her chair and asked, "Have you actually read the paper, Mr. Alvarez?"
"Of course. Several times."
"I take it you don't give it much credence."
"I find bits of it hard to swallow, that's true."
"What bits?"
"The nothing's there bit. Unless we look."
"Hard to swallow or not, the results bore out in four independent labs."
"I don't think that's been impartially verified."
"You don't trust MIT, or UCLA?"
"Unfortunately, I've been around long enough to know that you can buy pretty much anything these days."
"Meaning?"
Before Federico had a chance to reply the producer cut in in his earpiece, "Fifteen seconds to commercial. Segue, please."
"Meaning," said Federico, now facing the camera. "Meaning that it's time to offer up some more things to buy. But stay right where you are, we'll be right back after these words from our sponsors."
During the sixty seconds that followed, Federico did not look at Ruth, but busied himself with his notes. Ruth looked over at Kristina and Melissa, and also caught Julian's eye. He tried to tell her something, but she could not make it out. Ananda was looking at Federico, slowly shaking his head. Not in an I-told-you-so way, but sadly.
The producer returned to Federico's earpiece, "Ten seconds, nine, eight."
Federico stacked his papers again his lap, and looked into the camera, "And we're back." Then over to Ruth, "You were saying?"
"You were actually saying," said Ruth.
"I was saying what?"
"You were saying 'Meaning' and were about to imply that we had bought the test results from MIT, UCLA, QUT, and KTH?"
"Is it so far-fetched?"
"Of course it's so far-fetched?"
"Research takes money," said Federico.
"Yes it does."
"And every little bit helps, no?"
"Have you ever heard of honesty, Mr. Alvarez?"
"Of course?"
"None of these research facilities would sell out, no matter what the enticement. None would violate the researcher's integrity."
"That's your opinion?"
"That's my opinion. And I believe that if you personally called the heads of these institutions, they would gladly come on the show and state as much in person."
Federico looked down at his notes again, flipped to the second, then third page. "Johnston 1976. Frost 2011. Blackburn 2012. Tindler 2021."
Ruth shook her head. "Never heard of them."
"Each one investigated for, and found guilty of, fraud. Each expelled from UCLA, MIT, QUT, and KTH respectively for the very thing we're discussing right now, for accepting money to influence a result."
"I have not," began Ruth.
"So, it is not so absolutely unheard of as you want us to believe, is it, Ms.Marten?"
"What were the circumstances?"
"My producer will be happy to supply you the particulars after the show," he said. "My point is that not only is your experiment and the results you claim so far removed from reason as to be ludicrous, but you also-and carefully, from what I can make out-selected institutions known for fraudulent research to verify your findings."
"I'd like the particulars now," said Ruth.
"I'm afraid that's not possible."
"Can you tell me what they were, in each instance."
"We don't have the time for that."
"That strikes me as rather convenient," said Ruth.
A few in the audience giggled.
"Trust me," said Federico, "the particulars bear out, and tend to support that you selected institutions you could manipulate to verify your results."
After a brief and pregnant silence, Ruth said:
"I have a question."
"All right."
"I know that you are aware-since this is very much by design-that you convey the impression to the audience and to the viewer that these four institutions are the only labs to ever, in the entire history of research, have employed individuals who ended up selling out. Have you investigated any other institutions so as to verify that each and every one of those are utterly  clean and free of such instances of fraud or questionable behavior?"
"You have to understand, we did not have the time."
"Again, rather convenient. And, by the way, one of the reasons I agreed to this interview was your-or your station's-very generous monetary offer. Frankly, we could do with the money."
"Because you had spent what you had on these bribes?"
"Now, that's truly ridiculous."
"I agree. The whole thing is ridiculous."
"That's not what I meant."
"But what I don't understand," said Federico, and he actually meant this, "is what's in it for you? Really."
"Nothing's in it for me."
"So why did you do it?"
"Why did we do what?"
"Put on this over-the-top elaborate spoof? What would you possibly hope to gain by fake results? Did you truthfully think you were going to get away with it?"
"Mr. Alvarez, do you honestly believe that we faked the results?"
"Of course I do. You did."
"And you have verified this, how?"
Ah, walking right into it. "For one, I think we have established here that the institutions you so carefully picked to verify your results are prone to fraudulent research, or selling out as you put it. We also know that you avoided labs that could disprove your experiment, like Fermilab and CERN. We also possess a fair amount of common sense. You're saying that things only exist because we look. If we don't look there is no thing there."
"That is precisely what we are saying."
"And then you top this lunacy off by calling yourself Buddha. Who put you up to this craziness? Your mom? I know she's had her mental health issues in the past."
"What?"
Federico consulted his notes again, "Not long after you were born, she was committed to psychiatric care for delusional behavior-having long, rambling conversations with you, before you could even talk, believing that you talked back. At least according to her ex-husband's very illuminating account."
Ruth Marten's very blue eyes turned very cold. In fact, they turned frightening. Federico wondered whether he had gone too far here, but done was done. He'd planned to use his Charles Marten interview, and now he had.
"Have you no shame?" said Ruth, one word at a time.
"Truth, my dear," said Federico, and quite condescendingly, "will always out."
"How much did you pay Charles Marten for his illuminating account?"
"Pay? We didn't have to pay him anything. I think his only concern was for the truth, and perhaps for your safety."
"My safety?"
"An unstable mother who most likely put you up to this."
Ruth looked long and hard at Federico, but said nothing in return. Federico tried to hold her gaze, but found he could not.
Then the young girl leaned back and closed her eyes.
At that point someone in the audience, said "No." And quite loudly. Then once more, "No." Federico strained to see who was speaking. The saw him. It was the old man sitting beside Melissa Marten. Ananda Wolf, if he wasn't mistaken. And then he said for a third time, and as loudly, "No."
Who was addressed, and concerning what, he could not tell. But the "No" was definitely an appeal, if not an injunction.
What happened next, however, he could tell. Even though he did not believe it, had no grounds to believe it, he could not help but tell for it was actually happening.
Ever so gently his chair, with him in it, stirred, then began to rise. Had he not been leaning back he would have fallen off. But he was leaning back, and as his feet softly parted with the floor, his surprise was so great that he let go a brief, hysterical laugh-more like a giggle.
The chair continued its slow rise, a foot, two, then three. At about four feet off the studio floor, it stopped. And here it hovered in absolute stillness for a dozen or so of his now violent heartbeats, then began a slow descent.
Someone in the audience screamed. The rest were dead silent.
And equally gently, first his feet and then the chair touched down.
This is when Federico Alvarez discovered that he had wet himself. Warm and moist down there. He crossed his legs to conceal the condition. He looked around, no one seemed to have noticed. The he caught Ruth's gaze. Steady and cold and knowing. She was something out of some terrible movie, not real at all. He was trying to wake up, trying to very hard to wake up, but there was nowhere to wake up into, for he was already there. And Ruth Marten would not stop looking at him like that.
"Go to commercial," yelled the producer in his ear, probably for the third or fourth time. But Federico Alvarez did not register, nor was he entirely in control of his tongue right then, so the producer skipped the segue and went to commercial anyway.
The next few minutes can best be described as chaos. Utter.
:
Yes, I did something miraculously dumb. And I could hear, both internally and externally, Ananda trying to warn me, for he saw what was coming.
I was prepared for, and could easily have withstood any kind of verbal abuse or trick, but I had not counted on this snake of a man going after Melissa. I wanted those words coaxed back into his throat inch by rising inch, and-yes I know I should have considered the consequences-set out to do precisely that.
And then I put him back just as gently.
Many of us can do this, it's easy. But it is also much frowned upon for it really does no one any good. Quite the opposite. Whomever sees a miracle like this will normally either consider himself crazy, and that he did in fact never see what he thought he saw, or he will accept what he saw, but make a god out of you, which doesn't help either. Miracles like these are rocks thrown on the path, and I knew that. I knew that. Of course I knew that.
But no one speaks about Melissa that way in my presence.
And, what is done is done. I cannot undo it.
I hear the word "trick" being handed to the audience, and many of them hand it on in turn as they are ushered out of the studio. That must be the official explanation.
But as for those who know this was no trick, well that is another story.
Mr. Alvarez, for one. His producer for two. The television crew, for three. And then, of course, Julian, Melissa, and Ananda.
Ananda's view, and I can't say I blame him: "That was a miraculously dumb thing to do. I thought you incapable of such stupidity."
Now what can you say to that? He is right. It was an unbearably stupid thing to do.
Julian, on the other hand, on the way back to the house, is more interested in how, exactly, had I gone about this-circumventing gravity, as he put it. And Melissa, in two minds: glad, I think, even a little proud, that I had so drastically come to her defense, but plainly worried that I may have bit off a lot more than I can chew. A lot more.
So is Ananda.
Time will tell.



::30:: (Pasadena)

The easiest and most effective way to contain the fire storm that now threatened emotional damage to the whole country, would have been to clearly and unequivocally establish "the rising" (as the incident was quickly labeled) as a hoax.
The only problem with that was that too many people knew that it was not, and too many of those people spoke up about it, gladly giving interviews-some even seeking them out, and not only for money but to share what they saw as an incredible event, a miracle even-disregarding KCAA's moratorium on anyone involved in the Federico Alvarez program as much as whispering to the media.
As a result, much of the media frenzy of the days following the rising speculated not on the nature of the rising-it was a miracle, and confirmed as such by many, that most of the country had observed on live television-but on the true nature of Ruth Marten.
Was she a God? Was she a Witch? Was Satan involved? The prevailing Bible Belt view was that God, somehow, did have a finger in this, and the openly asked question was whether this young girl heralded the imminent return of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. This view found sustenance and could soon be heard over many a small rural radio station.
Some outlets, especially in the less gullible-which is how both New York and Los Angeles media portrayed themselves-metropolitan areas, refused to accept the miracle version of the rising, no matter how many voices offered or supplied confirmation. The laws of physics still seemed to apply around the country they repeatedly pointed out, all was still well with gravity. Their conclusion: the rising was a hoax. Elaborate and technically astute, to be sure, but a hoax nonetheless. And also unforgivable.
Judging by the media, nothing else occurred in the country for the few days following the rising. There was only the rising and its fallout.

Overnight, a crowd of reporters, primarily from television but quite a few from the print media as well, had gathered outside Melissa's Pasadena home. The street was crammed with brightly colored vans donning satellite transmission dishes on their roofs; some even double-parked, much to the now growing outrage of her neighbors.
Melissa must have noticed the growing gathering and so called the police sometime during the night or early morning requesting protection, for they arrived in force at daybreak, cordoning off the entire house on all sides, and keeping the reporters at bay.
Ananda had not slept much. Not that he slept much anyway these days, but the interview, and Ruth's rash antics, prevented even a wink of sleep. Also, it seemed that the Melissa, Ruth, and Julian (who was staying the night) had followed the television coverage most of the night, perhaps in shifts. In fact, as he made his way for the kitchen, the television set was still on. He could hear some excited reporter or another holding forth to an empty living room, for they were all gathered at the breakfast table as he entered. None of them looked like they'd slept much either.
Melissa served him up his customary orange, nicely sliced. "We've got company," she said.
"I saw," he said, pouring himself some tea, then giving Ruth a pointed glance as he replaced the teapot on the coaster. "They have been gathering all night."
"It was a stupid thing to do," said Ruth. "I know."
"Yes it was," confirmed Ananda.
"Yes it was," confirmed Melissa.
"Amazing, though," said Julian, helping himself to another slice of toast.
"The question is," said Ananda. "What do we do now?"
"Wait it out," suggested Ruth. "What else can we do?"
"I don't think this, or any of the reporters outside, is going away," said Ananda, shaking his head. "You've painted us into a very uncomfortable corner."
"I know," said Ruth.
"It really did happen, didn't it?" said Julian, who was not tracking with the damage-control mode of the others; and not for the first time, "You really did it, didn't you?"
"Yes," admitted Ruth. "I really did."
"No one can really predict," said Ananda, "what happens when a human being sees something that by any stretch of logic is impossible. He simply is not equipped to handle it. He cannot compute, nor can he reconcile. He knows he's seen it-first his eyes, then his memory tells him so-but it's not possible that he has, not within his framework of logic. There are usually only two ways out of this dilemma, for it is a dilemma for him, and always has been: go crazy-simply throw up your mental hands and give up, or turn everything you have and are over to God, seeing the impossible as proof of his existence."
"That's a bit grim," suggested Julian.
"But nonetheless true," said Ananda, Ruth nodding her agreement, yes Ananda's right.
"Well, in that case," said Julian very matter-of-factly. "We'll have to tell them it was a hoax. Some stations, especially here in LA and in New York believe that already. Several Chicago stations as well."
Ananda looked at Ruth and then at Julian. "Will they believe us? Or, Ruth, rather."
Ruth shrugged, "I don't know."
Julian said, "Many of the KCAA crew have already told reporters that it was no hoax, that it actually did happen. That's the problem."
Melissa finally sat down, and began peeling her own orange. "Not unlike getting the toothpaste back into the tube," she said. "Not easily done."
"If it can be done," said Ananda. "It would be the prudent, and most merciful, way to go."
Ruth now nodded, "I agree."
"What does Cal Tech have to say about all this?" Ananda wondered.
Julian looked not a little uncomfortable at this. "To be honest," he said. "I don't know. But I'm guessing they don't like the spectacle-sorry, Ruth-the spectacle of all this detracting from the bona fide findings of the experiment, which seems to be lost in all this. They don't have a well-tended sense of humor."
Ruth pushed her chair back and rose, "Let's do it." Then turned to leave.
"Do what?" Melissa said. Ruth stopped and turned again.
"Let's tell them it was a carefully planned hoax," said Ruth.
"Sit down, please," said Ananda. "We have to prepare a little. If we tell them that, they will have questions we need to answer believably." He paused and considered. "I can think of several, the most obvious one being, why on earth would we pull a hoax like this? What possible reason would we have? And why would KCAA employees lie about it?"
Ruth returned to her seat. "Okay," she said after a moment's reflection. "This was not our idea, this was Alvarez's stunt."
"Why would he pull a stunt like this?" said Melissa.
"Ratings," suggested Julian.
"Ratings," confirmed Ruth, looking from Julian to Melissa.
"Why would you, the Awake One, go along with this, making a mockery out of your experiment findings?" asked Ananda.
That question settled around the table like a heavy mist. It had no immediate or good answer.
Finally Ruth suggested, "I didn't know about it."
"He set this up without you knowing?" said Julian.
"Yes. I was as surprised as anybody," said Ruth.
"If you didn't know anything about it. How do you know it was Alvarez's stunt?"
"He told me," Ruth answered.
"When?"
"Just before we left, he pulled me aside and apologized."
"You know that's an out and out lie," said Ananda.
"I know that."
"What if he denies this?"
"I doubt that he will."
"On what grounds?"
"He's been dead quiet so far," said Ruth. "I think he is too embarrassed or frightened or both."
"You're the one who should apologize to him," said Melissa.
"I know," said Ruth.
"I'm not sure this will fly," said Ananda.
"I'm open to suggestions," said Ruth.
"Don't forget," began Ananda.
"I know, I know," said Ruth, raising her hands in apology.
"If you admit to rising the chair," said Julian. "Hell will continue to break loose. If you admit to knowing about the hoax, one and all with question both your motive and your sanity, Cal Tech probably first among them. If you wash your hands of the whole deal-what I would term a lie of both convenience and necessity-no one can blame you, or discredit you."
"Federico Alvarez may still dispute this," said Melissa.
"Or he may not," said Ananda, having considered further. "The man is nothing if not concerned about his reputation, and as it stands right now, if this really did happen, he looks nothing but the outplayed, and taught-a-lesson fool. I don't think he likes that. I think he'd much rather be the author of this spectacle," looking over at Julian to acknowledge where that word had originated, "than it's victim."
"Good point," said Melissa.
"Good point," said Ruth.
Julian nodded in agreement. The way to go.
"So," said Ruth. "It's a hoax. I had nothing to do with it. I was as surprised as any of you. In fact, I'm still quite upset about it, since this spectacle," also looking over at Julian, "has made very little of the experiment and my paper that I thought we were going to discuss."
They all looked at each other, waiting for objections, elaborations, anything else. No one spoke.
"Let's do it then," said Ruth.
:
They decided that only Ruth and Melissa would face the reporters.
Melissa took one look at the throng of people with cameras and microphones that seemed to huddle against the gloomy May air and actually felt a little sorry for them. At least she and the others were warm inside.
She looked up briefly at the overcast sky and confirmed another misty, dripping day that was good for the lawn-which quite a few feet were treading on right now-but not so good for the mood.
When they stepped out onto the porch the police sprang to life and prevented the media crowd from approaching too closely-also stepping on the lawn, Melissa noticed with a frown. Oh, well.
Unlike the movie version of the agitated media posse, each yelling their questions and demands for comments that none really could hear, this crowd was dead silent, and wholly focused on Ruth, who must have emanated the appearance of about to make a statement-which, of course, was precisely what she was about to do.
Ruth surveyed the gathering, frowned at the one or two spotlights that had sprung up in the gloomy dawn, then drew breath and said, "You can all go home."
She paused to study the silent reporters again, each holding up a microphone tilted in her direction. Then smiled and shook her head in what appeared to be amazement. "You look cold. You shouldn't be out here freezing. It might even start to rain soon."
When no one responded, Ruth changed gears and in a stronger voice more or less proclaimed, "I want to confirm what some of you already suspect, that the rising was a hoax. Let me repeat that, the rising was a hoax.
"I am not happy to have been part of it, but Mr.Alvarez saw it fit to play me as much of a fool as he played all of you and everybody else.
"I don't know how he did it, for-from where I was sitting, and I had a good view-it certainly looked convincing, but I assume that this was his idea of a practical joke. Maybe this was his way of mocking the last line of my paper, to somewhat playfully express his disbelief of my allusion to the Buddha. Perhaps this was an attempt to throw attention off the subject we were supposed to discuss, the verified and validated result of the Cal Tech EPROM experiment-which, sadly, seems to have fallen by the wayside in the ruckus of all this.
"The person whose house you should camp outside is not ours, but Federico Alvarez's. So, if you wouldn't mind, please pack all your stuff up-the neighbors would like that, too-and head on over to wherever he lives. We would all appreciate that very much.
"Any questions?"
Oh, yes, there were questions. The first, or loudest:
"How do you know this?"
"Alvarez told me. He apologized, then told me."
The next loudest: "Several of the crew on the show swear, on camera, that it was not a hoax."
"They must have been paid handsomely by Mr.Alvarez to say precisely that," said Melissa.
The same reporter: "We have examined the footage, Ms. Marten. Thoroughly. There is no sign whatever of a hoax, no traces of lines or thread. Do you have any suggestions how Alvarez did this, if indeed he did?"
"I'm as clueless as you are," said Ruth. But then added, "Magnets, perhaps. Iron in the chair, a strong, finely directed electrical magnet above. Have you examined that possibility?"
The reporters looked at each other, this had apparently not crossed media minds yet.
"Can you prove his?" From the middle of the pack.
"Of course not. As I said, I haven't a clue. I don't know how Alvarez pulled this off. That was just a suggestion."
"You don't look very surprised on camera, Ms. Marten." Someone else.
"I rarely look very surprised," answered Ruth.
"If the chair next to me rose in the air of its own free will, I would be very surprised," the same someone. "Shocked, in fact."
"I didn't say I wasn't surprised, I said I rarely look surprised."
"Why, if this was Alvarez's stunt, would he do this?"
"My guess is for the ratings," said Melissa.
"Ratings," confirmed Ruth, nodding. "What else does Mr.Alvarez live for?"
Melissa didn't hear the next question for her attention was caught by a hand waving to her left, and realized that the hand belonged to Clare Downes, her favorite television personality. She was surprised to see her there, among the pack, but on second thought, why should she not be there, this was a story she would be interested in, surely.
"I have no idea," answered Ruth to the question Melissa hadn't heard.
"Yes," Melissa said, pointing to Clare Downes, acknowledging the waving hand and inviting the question.
"Are you truly the Maitreya, Ruth?"
The question struck Melissa as free of any trace of sarcasm or cynicism. Meant as a question, and truly curious.
"Why do you ask?" said Ruth.
"I don't know, but I always pictured the Maitreya as a man." Again, this was said in all earnestness, as far as Melissa could tell.
"I would have thought the true Maitreya would be neither man nor woman," said Ruth.
"Yes," said Clare Downes. "You have a point. But back to the question, though, if you don't mind. You say in your paper-in fact, you end your paper with a statement that really cannot be taken any other way. Is that what you mean? How you intended it to be taken?"
Melissa was unsure whether this was indeed the right forum for this and looking over at Ruth, who met her look straight on, she saw that she was of the same mind.
Ruth looked back at Clare Downes and said, "I'm getting cold, and you guys are not getting any warmer. You're far too many to invite in, or I would. But," and here she turned to Melissa and said under her breath, "I recognize her, what's her name?"
"Clare Downes," Melissa whispered back.
"But you, Clare, if you want, are invited in."
This brought an almost threatening protest groan from the crowd, something that pulled the police officers to stricter attention and alert. One of them looked back at Melissa. "Yes," she said. "Miss Downes can come through."
The officer pointed, nodded, then waved her through. Her cameraman made to follow.
"Not him," said Ruth, meaning the cameraman.
"Really?" said Clare Downes.
"Really," said Ruth.
Clare turned to her cameraman and said something. He nodded, and turned while Clare continued to make her way for the porch. Again, the mutter of protest spoke of the unfairness of it all, but nothing more came of that, and once Clare Downes had entered the house, and Melissa closed the door behind them, the rest of the reporters and their cameramen seemed to decide that nothing would be gained by lingering, so they began to pack up and head out with whatever footage they had, or perhaps heading over to Federico Alvarez's house.
Just as the sun decided to break through the gloomy overhead.



::31:: (Pasadena)

Clare Downes could easily qualify as poster child for the all-American girl. Sincere to a fault-some would go so far as to call her nave, but they would be wrong-and stunningly good looking, she quickly became the viewer darling in Minnesota, where she began her career, as well as in Los Angeles, once KCRI managed to lure her out there.
With a sister who had just taken first steps, and with a brother yet to come, she was born during a Minneapolis snow storm to Craig and Ellen Downes.
Craig Downes was-and still is-a well-known, and much respected, architect, at least as far as Minnesota goes. Ellen Downes still owns and runs a prestigious Minneapolis art gallery-The Canvas, a local gem that she inherited from her mother Berit, and made it her life's mission to run and expand; that and raising three great kids.
Clare probably got her voracious reading habit from her mom, who never seemed to tire of informing one and all that television numbed you into a zombie state more effectively than anything she could name. Killed any sense of participation and creativity, she'd add. Then she'd turn around, holding her book high, like a banner or a flag, and disappear into what she insisted on calling the library to read.
Still, the last word to come to mind if you'd run into her as a teenager would be "brainy." She was so vivacious that she literally sparkled. And so beautiful that her main complaint at the time was that "there were boys everywhere, could someone please do something."
She finally settled on a boyfriend who spelled his name Marq, and who could probably bench-press a horse-more for protection than anything else, she once confided to her sister-and so was safely escorted through high school by this very nice man who'd agreed that there was no question about sex until they were married, if that were to happen. Indeed, he was happy enough just to be seen with her. A good arrangement. And he also enjoyed the kissing.

Her life took a major turn during the summer of her twentieth year. She and her sister were on a two-week hike in the Canadian Rockies when it happened.
To be perfectly honest, she had smoked pot a couple of days before, and she had not slept for about 48 hours (as an experiment), when it happened. But in her view, neither of these circumstances had any bearing on the realness, or significance, of the experience. Neither detracted one iota from the genuine event.
Three days earlier they had set up camp just above the tree line, that was the evening that she also smoked pot. Not too much, but enough to be able to put her finger on precisely how come she decided not to sleep.
Either she had read about it, or she'd heard it said (she could not decide which), but apparently, if you can stay up for forty-eight hours or more, and still stay alert, your thoughts slow down to where you can trace them like lasers through darkness.
Perhaps it was leaning back against her backpack and looking up at the stars at this altitude, into a sky that even treated to a meteor or two slicing across the dusty dark in quick arcs; perhaps it was this that made her curious as to whether there was some truth to that staying awake thing.
Britt, her sister, was rolling another joint when Clare asked her, "Do you think it's true that you can see and trace your thoughts like streaks of lasers through blackness if you don't sleep for a few days?"
Britt licked the paper and finalized her creation before she looked over at Clare, searchingly, and said, "Lasers?"
"Yes, like strands of light through dark space."
"Thoughts?"
"Yes. Like lasers."
"Who said that?"
"I don't remember. I may have read it somewhere."
"I bet you did."
"Seriously."
Britt lit the joint and filled her lungs with the sweet smoke. Still holding it in she offered the joint to Clare. "No, I'm fine," she said. "Fine for now."
Britt finally exhaled. "Okay, more for me."
"So, do you think that'll work?"
"What?"
"Staying up to turn thoughts into lasers."
"I don't know. Why don't you try it and find out."
"I may just do that."
And that is precisely what she did. Although partly floating on the pot she'd already smoked, the curiosity (there's no other word for it) of what would happen if she didn't fall asleep kept her up not only through that star-filled night, and the following rather warm day, but the next (overcast) night and the following windy day as well.
Towards the end of that second day, the clouds-that she was now studying quite intently-amazingly cleared the sky in several directions, not unlike a huge, multifaceted curtain opening to reveal the stage of clear sky beyond, now admitting first one star, then two, then many.
Britt was toking it again, and again offering Clare her fair share, but she declined, no, not for her, not now, perhaps not ever. As darkness fell further and deeper Britt eventually crawled into their tent and slumbered off. In the new stillness Clare could hear her sister's breathing: in, out, in, out, then in again.
Clare, wide awake still (something that surprise her) leaned back into the soft undergrowth, giving herself to mossy, motherly arms. Cradled by just so much Earth to relax and simply look, secure now to see her thoughts enter the heavens and travel, slowly, almost stately, through that huge silence above.
Her one thought, "They were right" spawned and sailed loftily between constellations, though whether the constellations themselves were out there or in here, she could not tell, just that the thought made its way between them, like a slow-or on a universal scale, very fast-laser between them.
Eventually the thought evaporated-a wave breaking into a trillion little pieces upon the welcoming shore-now gone, and in its place: nothing. No new thought. And she was aware of this: I am not thinking. Aware of not thinking, and this awareness did not consist of thought, it was pure awareness being aware of doing nothing but being aware of doing nothing.
She grew.
Again, whether inward our outward she could not tell, she either absorbed the skies she saw or they absorbed her (these were thoughts she had on reflection, at the time she thought nothing).
Then she thought, actually and consciously thought, "I am controlling my own thoughts." Sent it on its way toward the deep darkness above, then thought nothing, and again was aware of thinking nothing.
Thinking nothing elated her, she felt like she hovered above the moss and plants that supported her body.
Then she thought, "I have found truth. I have come home."
She watched those twin thoughts travel, one after the other, into that utter stillness above, to eventually vanish into the Milky Way.
Then she thought, "Am I the only one to ever experience this?"
She watched this though shoot up and away, speeding for some constellation she recognized but could not name.
The reply to this question didn't so much reply as settle, softly and perfectly: This is the true human condition. Headlessly, she nodded her acknowledgement of this: Yes, of course it is. I am human. This is who we are beneath all that incessant commotion we call living.
Then, for many, many breaths, and perhaps ten times as many heartbeats, she simply watched the stars and wondered whether they were thoughts, too. Constant thoughts thought by angels to light our way. She smiled at this, and thanked them.
Again she realized-and with a shiver this time-that her mind was absolutely still, that all that constant chatter you normally live with had died down. That nothing happened, that no thought occurred unless she occurred it. She thought this and watched that thought rise and vanish into the sky above.
Then she thought nothing again for many, many breaths.
Then she thought, "Could there possibly be something beyond this?"
Then, while watching that thought rise and then take wing for the Milky Way, she heard, as if whispered by someone else very close to, or in her ear, the single word: "Nibbana."
At the fading of that word-which she both recognized and did not-she felt a ripple, or the hint of a ripple, in her feet. This hint grew to true ripple, to wave gathering both strength and speed to then shoot up through calves and thighs and abdomen and lungs and neck and head and out and into light.
And all was light.
Not a sea of photons, but living light. Light, more golden than white, that breathed and pulsated and filled her with the most divine feeling she had ever experienced.
All was light. There was in fact no Clare left to sense it. There was only the light experiencing itself, radiantly, brilliantly, tenderly, lovingly.
For minutes? Hours? Looking back she could never truly tell. Her guess is minutes, say five.
Then, receding, the light gave way to sky and stars and moss and tent and Britt breathing in and out, and to Clare saying aloud to herself or to the stars or to whoever had whispered that strange word which she knew meant Nirvana, "Now I know."
Her next impulse was to wake Britt and tell her all about it, but she knew right away that this would not serve any purpose or come to any good. Britt would not, not in her current state, understand that this had nothing to do with high or stoned or pot in any way. This was truth. She had just been kissed by truth, and you cannot explain that easily, especially to your stoned older sister.
Instead she sat up, walked over to the little lean-to that sheltered their backpacks, found an apple and took a bite.
Her mouth, if not her whole head, exploded with the sensation of fruit. Never, never had an apple tasted so loudly, and so good. She chewed, then swallowed, only to discover that she could sense the bite sliding down her throat, and sense it settle in the stomach. Could sense the clamoring of millions and millions and millions of hungry little digestive microbes spreading the word "mealtime" around, and found herself laughing at the picture she realized was more than just a picture.
She could still feel the apple-swallow in her stomach, in fact she could feel all through her body, as if she had suddenly turned all transparent, at least to herself.
She took another bite. Same thing, except for the microbes part-apparently the "mealtime" alarm had reached everyone and they are all intent on silently going to work. Still, she was aware of them. Amazing.
Amazing.
She returned to her bed of moss and happy plants, lay down again and looked back at the stars. Again not thinking, and feeling no need to do so. Only aware. An awareness she felt hovering above the surface of a quiet and still forest lake.
Tranquil.
And now she fell asleep, into a pitch black dream-less rest that lasted well into the morning and her sister shaking her gently and then not so gently, "Clare. Clare."
Finally, the surface. "What?"
"God, Clare. How asleep were you?"
She had no idea. But she felt refreshed, and still calmly elated. The sun had climbed past the eastern rim and was cascading the canyon below into light.
"What a night," she said.
"Did you stay awake?"
"More than that," she said. "I think I woke up."

Although she tried a few times, she could not convince her sister that the awakening (which is how she came to think of it) was not just a belated pot-high, and eventually she stopped trying.
But the event changed her life. Once so awake, how can you go back to sleep? she asked herself. You cannot. You cannot forget.
Returning for her junior year at the University of Minnesota, Duluth, feeling that she needed to find out more about her experience, and that she needed to tell people about what she had found out, she promptly changed her major from English Literature (much to the chagrin of her English professor who saw in her great promise as a writer) to a double major of Philosophy and Journalism.
She graduated cum laude not that much wiser about what on earth had happened to her, but as an excellent journalist, who, based on her summer and intermittent work with KFCA, was hired the week after graduation.
"A face like yours will always have an audience," her editor told her, and apparently so, for she quickly became quite well known as the fresh wind at KFCA and was soon doing her own special assignments-none of which, so far, had been very philosophical or religious, however.
She had the knack-which she had always had, or acquired in the Canadian Rockies, she wasn't sure which-to sense when people were truthful with her, and she was gentle enough to coax the truth out of people even when they set out to lie at any cost.
Into her fourth year at KFCA, she received a call from the owner of KCRI in Los Angeles which a promise of twice her salary, a paid for house and car, and creative control if she would move to Los Angeles. KCRI would also buy out the balance of her contract (six months to go), he promised.
It was the creative control that clinched it.
That, and an understanding boss.
That, and what appeared to be a well-established Theravada Buddhist community in Santa Monica, for in search of what her awakening meant, and what could possibly have made it happened, in the end she had turned to Buddhism and Insight Meditation. She had never forgotten the word Nibbana, and in pulling one string after another in her search she came to discover that "Nibbana" was Pali for Nirvana, and that Pali was the language of Theravada Buddhists and their holy canon.
She began to devour all she could find about Theravada Buddhism and, to true and grateful joy, came to see that these people, this order of monks, knew all about what had happened that night. To them, it was no secret, and here-so they said, and so their canon said-is how to get there.
 A quick Mortimer search revealed this blossoming Theravada community not far from her new house, much better equipped than her local meetups to help her find answers, she figured.
Naturally, being a player in a much larger market appealed to her as well. The pay, house, and car were nice too. The house was a Santa Monica bungalow, and the car a current year-and very fuel efficient-Honda.
A car that she still drove, in fact.
A car that she, in the pre-dawn darkness of this foggy morning, drove all the way from her Santa Monica home to the Marten's Pasadena house.



::32:: (Pasadena)

Melissa closed the door behind them.
Then turned to Clare Downes. "This way, Miss Downes."
"Clare, please."
Melissa felt a little self-conscious, no doubt about it. Living with the Buddha as her daughter apparently had not prepared her for standing this close to a television personality or celebrity or whatever she should call her, and such a beautiful one at that.
"Here, give me that coat," she said.
Clare obliged, and handed her the coat which dripped dew on the entryway floor as she did. "Sorry about this," she said.
"Oh, no. Don't mind that." Then she offered her hand. "Melissa," she said. The real live television personality took it and said, again, "Clare." 
:
There were two additional people in the nicely appointed living room. One, the older, looked like an emaciated Buddhist monk, the other she recognized as Julian Lawson, the Cal Tech physicist.
They booth rose as she and her host entered. Melissa introduced them.
"Ananda Wolf," she said with a graceful sweep of her hand. The old man smiled and shook her hand. "Clare Downes," said Clare.
"And here's Julian Lawson, you may recognize him."
"Yes, I do," said Clare, and shook hands again.
Then, turning to her daughter, trailing them, "And this, of course, is Ruth."
"Whom all the fuss is about," said Clair with a smile, and shook her hand as well.
"Can I get you something?" said Melissa. "Coffee, tea?"
"A coffee would be great," she said. "You're right, it's pretty cold out there, and I've been here a while."
"How long?" asked Ananda.
"Since about four o'clock," she answered.
"Oh my," said Ananda.
"Sit down, please," said Melissa, and pointed to one of the armchairs by the low table.
"Thanks." And did.
Melissa vanished, and the remaining three pairs of eyes were all trained on her, expectantly.
She turned to Ruth. And for the first time noticed the startling blueness of her eyes, so contrasted to her almost blue-black hair. "So," she said. "Are you?"
And as she asked the purposely vague question she knew that Ruth Marten knew precisely what she was asking, knew even before it had left her lips.
"Yes," she said. "I am."
"The Maitreya?"
"In a manner of speaking."
Clare looked over at the old monk, Ananda was it? That was the same name as the Buddha's attendant. His face revealed nothing, and for certain did not find the conversation humorous.
"What do you mean?"
"You are a Buddhist, are you not?" said Ruth, ignoring her question.
"Why, yes. Yes I am. How did you know?"
"Of the Theravada persuasion?" said Ruth, for some reason seeming to mock the word persuasion.
"Yes. Yes to that, too."
Ruth nodded. Then looked over at the old monk-which she had to stop thinking of as the old monk, really. Ananda nodded in reply to a silent question. There was a strange connection between those two.
"I am Tathagata," said Ruth.
Tathagata, the one who has thus gone, the one who has thus come, Clare knew. "What are you saying? You are the Buddha?"
Ruth didn't say anything, but she smiled and nodded in agreement.
"That," said Clare. Then lost her thread. Found it again. Looked at Ruth then at the other two. Then back at Ruth. "That, I must admit, is very hard to believe."
"Of course it is," said Ruth. "But nonetheless true."
Clare had serious trouble adding things up. This was, of course, on the face of things, sheer fairy tale stuff. But so was that night in the Canadian Rockies. Sheer fairy tale.
But nonetheless true.
She looked at Ananda and Julian Lawson who seemed to take Ruth's declaration in stride. "It's true?" said Clare.
"It's true," said Ananda. Julian Lawson nodded as well.
"Just like you said," said Clare, looking at Ruth-who smiled and said, "Just like I said."
Melissa, now at the door with a tray, "Some daughter, huh?"
Clare knew with grim certainty that if she had not fallen into the Canadian sky that summer, none of this would have made any sense at all, would simply mean a bunch of strange people pulling her leg, and very hard at that. But she had fallen into the Canadian sky, and she had woken up, and if that was real, well, so was this.
She looked at Ruth Marten again, who smiled at her as if she knew. As if she knew about her falling, about her awakening.
Melissa put the tray down, and served her.
"How about you," said Clare, realizing she was the only one taking coffee.
"We've just had breakfast," said Julian Lawson.
"Ah," said Clare.
Clare blew on the surface of the coffee to cool it a little, then sipped. Delicious and warm. Very much a spot-hitter.
She turned to Julian, "I read your paper."
"The dry version?" he said.
"I guess. Yes, a little drier that Ruth's. But fascinating nonetheless. You really have achieved something stellar."
"I know," said Julian.
"And now, this," said Clare, not entirely sure herself what she meant by that.
"You mean the chair? The rising?" said Melissa.
"Yes, I guess I do."
Ananda Wolf was shaking his head. "It's a mess, that."
"Amen, to that," said Melissa.
"Federico Alvarez can be about as insensitive as they come," said Clare, looking at Ruth.
"Yes, he can be that," said the girl, the Buddha. But she left something unsaid, something quite tangible."
"But what?" said Clare, sensing the unspoken.
"It was not Alvarez," said Ruth.
Clare looked from face to face and said, "If not Alvarez, who was it?" Then asked, "It was a hoax, right?"
"No," said Ruth. "It was not a hoax."
"That's. That's," said Clare. Then managed to form a sentence, "So, what was it?"
"A rising," said Ruth. "And a lesson."
Clare took in this young girl, this Buddha, this Tathagata, and tried to understand. For a moment she made sense of it, but not for long. And then again she did while wrestling something to the ground, something that decried all this, that accused her for falling prey to an even worse hoax.
"You did this," she finally told Ruth. "And it was not a trick."
"I did this," Ruth confirmed. "And it was not a trick."
Clare looked to Melissa for some help with this. Her host noticed, nodded and said, "Afraid so."
"So why did you just tell us, the reporters?"
"It's better that way," said Ananda. "And we trust that you will honor our request for discretion."
"Sure. Of course," she said.
"No, really," said Melissa.
"Yes. Absolutely," she said, sounding less flippant.
She finished the rest of her coffee. "This is all unbelievable. I guess you know that."
"We do," said Ruth. Understanding precisely what she meant.
Then the professional in her stirred and asked, "So what am I to do with this? I'm a television reporter. This is amazing news. This is the story of a lifetime. And that's putting it mildly."
"But, as you pointed out, unbelievable," observed Ananda.
"Yes. Good point. I did say that. And that is true. It is unbelievable."
Julian Lawson rose and walked up to the window behind her. She turned to see him peek out from behind the curtain. "They're gone," he said.
"Good," said Melissa.
Clare looked back at Ruth. "So what do I do with this?" she said.
"To be honest, we haven't had a chance to think about that," said Ananda. "Any suggestions?"
"You are going to maintain that this was a hoax," Clare not so much asked as stated.
"That would be best, don't you think?" said Melissa. Ruth nodded in agreement.
"I guess," Clare said.
"Ruth's paper deserves a fair hearing," said Julian Lawson. Again, Ruth nodded in agreement.
Clare found herself nodding as well. "Especially in light of recent events," she said.
"Especially in light of that," agreed Melissa.
"How did you do it?" said Clare. The question finally seeing daylight.
"That's beside the point," said Ruth, seemingly unwilling to elaborate.
"No, seriously," said Clare. "How did you do it?"
Ruth looked at her as if taking stock, as if deliberating, as if making up her mind. Which she apparently did. "It's one of the things I can do."
Simple as that.
"Lifting things without touching them," said Clare, knowing each word to be superfluous.
"Yes."
"I see," said Clare, and she did see. It was one of the things the Buddha could do. Why should that be surprising? "I see," she said again.
"Ruth's paper deserves a fair hearing," said Julian Lawson again, getting things back on track.
"Yes, that's right," said Clare.
"How about," said Ruth, as if thinking aloud. "How about you interview me? But not live. And I want to approve the final edit."
Again, the professional in her sprang to attention, "Tell me when and where."
"Here, tomorrow," said Ruth. Then she looked over at Ananda to see if he had any objections. He didn't.
"One o'clock?" suggested Clare. "You'd have to let Lars in though, my camera guy."
"Of course," said Melissa.



::33:: (Pasadena)

Lars Sanderson was a wizard with lighting, and had set up a nice interview spot in the living room, Ruth in one armchair, Clare in the other, facing each other at slight angles. Comfortable. Homely.
"Ready when you are," he said to Clare.
Clare looked over at Ruth. Again, she was struck by her startling eyes. Close up they stood in such amazing contrast to her hair that they actually detracted from an otherwise remarkable face.
"You okay?" said Clare.
"Yes."
"You're happy with the questions?" She held up a sheets in her hand, of which she had given Ruth and Melissa each a copy. She also had a copy of Ruth's paper handy.
"Yes. They're fine."
"I may expand on some of them."
"Fine."
Melissa was sitting in the sofa, behind and to the right of Lars. The old monk, Ananda, stood in the corner, not really frowning, but not really smiling either. Clare had a hard time putting her finger on exactly how he fit into this household.
"Okay, let's roll," said Clare. Lars nodded, and the red light came on above the camera lens. Recording.
"How do you define 'non-local communication' Ruth?"
That was not the first question Ruth had expected, apparently, for she straightened slightly, then smiled to herself, as if gathering things, and took a deep breath. "Non-local communication was at the core of the much overlooked experiment that Doctor Lawson successfully performed in 1999."
Clare was about to restate her question when Ruth continued:
"By 'non-local' we mean that there is no locality involved, no geography, no geometry, no world-no space, no time. And 'communication' may be a misleading word in this scenario for that word implies that something is emanated from one point, to then travel a distance and arrive at another. This is never the case with non-local communication. It is best described, I think, as instant co-knowing, regardless of distances between what is doing the co-knowing."
"And not only living things can establish, or perform, or execute this-I'm not sure which word is the best here-but what we normally consider dead things as well, particles, photons. Is that correct?"
"On the surface of it, yes."
"What do you mean?"
"I am not so sure that we can summarily pronounce these particles dead. They move, you know. They wave-I mean move in a wavelike patterns. Whenever we observe them, or rather, observe traces or effects of their actions-for no one has ever seen these particles, we have only seen the traces or shadows they cast; but, whenever we do, there is motion involved. So can we really call them dead?
"We consider something alive because there's a lot of motion about. A human body, for example. The heart beats, the lungs expand and contract inhaling and expelling air. Blood rushes around, T-Cells fight wars with bacteria and viruses, billions of microbes hustle to work every day in your stomach to break down food-for which they charge very little, just a small portion of the take.
"Motion. Activity. That's what we mean when we say alive. Now, while this tabletop," and she knocks gently on the tempered glass, "seems immobile, as in dead enough, there is a small infinity of motion constantly occurring within. So is it really dead?"
"Normal people-no offence mind you-would call that tabletop dead."
"Yes, they would."
"So, my question then is: why do we really care? Why would the man or woman on the street give a second thought to whether or not non-local communication occurs? I mean, it occurs at a level that the normal person will never encounter in a million years."
"I wouldn't be too sure about that."
"Well, you know what I mean."
"Yes, I do."
"So, why then? Whether subatomic particles instantly co-know or not has absolutely no bearing on your paycheck, or whether your wife loves you or not, or whether your children come home safely from school."
"You're talking about reality? The reality we know and love."
"Precisely."
"Well, that's just it, Clare. The reality we know and love, and where non-local communication-or co-knowing-doesn't mean a thing, this reality is just the very tip of the iceberg we call life, of full reality. And this tip is not fundamental, and it is not, ultimately, true."
"But why should we care?"
"We should care because in truth we are not of this tip-of-the-iceberg reality. Actually, most people suffer in this reality. I think it was Thoreau who said that most men live lives of quiet desperation. They're just trying to survive one day to the next. The sea of pleasure we see portrayed on television day in and day out, and the euphoric smile that this sweet model flashes at you from behind her American Express card, new dress in hand, is much more often than not just an appearance.
"It may very well be that in her heart this model, this person, is in agony. Her mom has just died, or her boyfriend has just cheated on her, or she is hooked on prescription drugs, or she cannot sleep at night: this is the normal, this is the man or woman on the street. Suffering.
"And if not suffering today, in this very moment, there is suffering tomorrow. In their heart of hearts every sentient being wants to know why they are here and where they are going. They are not satisfied with their lot. Even the richest person on earth believes he needs 'a little more' to finally be happy, as Henry Ford is reputed to have said even though he was sitting on billions by then.
"This tip-of-the-iceberg reality we are living is, quite frankly, a sham. It's a surface manifestation which we treat as truth. When we take a closer look, which our EPROM experiment did, it falls apart. It yields up its secrets. It displays a much more fundamental truth. And this truth lies on a level we have to reach unless we want to suffer forever."
"You sound like a Buddhist." It was the natural thing to say, both the professional and the personal in her agreed.
"I am a Buddhist."
"And people really don't care about this more fundamental reality, do they? Not as a rule."
"I think the public reaction to Doctor Lawson's 1999 experiment paints an unequivocal picture. His experiment, for the first time on a macro scale, proved non-local communication as fact. Proved it. Categorically. There were no arguments in the scientific community about it. It was a done deal. Proof. But, relatively speaking, it did not even cause a ripple on the pond of news. A few mentions on pack pages, completely overshadowed by who was terrorizing whom at the time, or what strikes were staged, or what celebrity had slept with what celebrity, and what kind of traffic to expect on the freeways.
"Doctor Lawson delivered firm proof to the world that the reality we live is indeed only a surface reality, but honestly, the world did not then, and still does not, want to know."
"Do you ever think it will?"
"Oh, I hope so."
"But you went a step further in the EPROM experiment, did you not? Not only did you in essence replicate Doctor Lawson's 1999 experiment, but you showed that without life looking there is nothing there."
"And that," said Ruth right away, "is the level of reality that we need to confront and be aware of to end suffering."
"There was some contention about the MIT replication. What happened?"
"MIT initially used Flash memory instead of EPROMs. That was the problem. Nature, at this fundamental level, is alive enough, or resourceful enough should I say, to attempt to revise history to keep up the faade of constancy. And when it comes to Flash memory, it manages to do that just fine."
"I don't follow."
"Flash memory is written to and erased or revised with electricity available at the computer mother board level. Given the right direction, available electricity does any reading or writing that you wish. That is what the software using the Flash memory is designed to do.
"In the case of the MIT experiment, once they counted to eight and took a look at the screen, the photon-or nature, rather-realized that it was being viewed, and in essence materialized. And not only in the present, but it went back and materialized, as far as the trace went, to from the moment it was fired from Cambridge. Nature revised the last eight or so seconds of history to show that it has existed all along.
"The EPROM, on the other hand, requires special equipment that provides a hefty dose of ultraviolet light to erase what's written on that chip, and we were very careful not to provide nature any channel of acquisition of such light, so to speak. So when we viewed the particle trace after eight seconds, the truth-that the particle had in fact not even existed between the firing and our looking-was clearly displayed on the screen. There was no revision of history, and so, there was no trace from the moment of firing until we looked.
"In other words, we looked it into existence."
At this point Clare fully realized what Ruth Marten was talking about, and also why Ananda the monk finally smiled.
"And this," she began. Then started over. "And this experiment has been replicated, hasn't it?"
"At four very respected research institutions," said Ruth.
"My God," said Clare.
"Precisely," said Ruth.
"The world needs to know about this."
"Precisely," said Ruth again.
 Clare shivered at the clarity that formed in, or around, her-she wasn't sure which. Then she looked down at her copy of Ruth's paper, found what she was looking for. "Here you say, if I'm not misreading this, that you remembered the sequence of nature's agreements that made the EPROM experiment possible."
"Yes."
"What sequence of agreements?"
"All of this didn't just happen," said Ruth, and took in the room with a hand gesture. "Agreements were made in order to make things persist."
"What do you mean? Who agreed? And to what?"
"Nature had to fool itself into existence."
"What?"
"Imagine a cat."
"What, now? Me?"
"Yes. Imagine a cat."
"Sure. Okay."
"Close your eyes and imagine a cat. Can you see it?"
"Yes."
"Describe it, please."
"Well, it's black with a white tip on the tail."
"Now, you know that you have created this mental cat, right?"
"Of course."
"So you know that, unless you will it to, it will never, say, fly up in your face and scratch you?"
"That's true."
"The cat really doesn't have any existence apart from what you grant it, isn't that true?"
"Yes, that's true."
"So, how would you, as life, make a cat, or imagine a cat, that will do things on its own volition?"
"I don't know."
"Well, think about it."
Clare did think about it, and saw, quite clearly, that as long as she knew that she had created that cat, she could uncreate it at any moment simply by ceasing to put it there. The only way that this cat of hers could take on any sort of independent life was if someone else-perhaps the cat itself-had created it.
"Precisely," said Ruth.
Which froze Clare into absolute stillness.
"Sorry," said Ruth. "You were saying?"
"I wasn't saying a thing," said Clare. Not at all sure now what kind of ground she was standing on.
"But you were about to."
"Yes."
Had Ruth, the Buddha, just read her mind? She took a deep breath and looked her straight in the eyes. Said nothing though. She looked over at Lars who seemed to know that something was going on but not exactly sure what. Clare looked back at Ruth, collected herself, and said, "As long as I know I created the cat, it won't harm me. If someone else created this cat and put it here, then it's free to act on a volition other than mine. So either someone else has to create the cat, and give it volition, or I have to fool myself into believing that is the case. Is that what you're saying?"
"Precisely," said Ruth again.
"Did you just read my mind?" said Clare. No use holding back on this.
Ruth did not answer her question, however; only smiled. Clare took that to mean: yes.
Instead, Ruth said, "There's a considerable amount of natural sleight-of-hand involved in all this," again indicating the room with her hand. "The surface reality we know so well. And there is a long string of all but forgotten agreements-what to remember, what to pretend, what is senior to what in terms of consideration, a long and rather convoluted path of agreements that determine how the universe we see today holds together and works. We've given all these agreements a name: We call them Natural Law."
Then Ruth said, "The Buddha gave it another name: Dhamma."
Which led Clare to repeat the question, or re-state it: "And you, Ruth Marten, remember these agreements?"
"In a word, yes."
"How is that even possible?"
Ruth knocked on the tabletop again, "How is this even possible? Really?"
"No, seriously."
"I am serious."
"How can that be? How can you remember? I have trouble remembering what I had for breakfast." Clare needed an answer to this question.
"All life has that capability. When life wakes up to what it is, it remembers how it got here."
"And you have woken up? That is how you end your paper. 'I am awake' you say."
"I am awake, yes."
"Fully awake?"
"Fully awake."
Clare looked down at the last page of Ruth's paper, and read, "Those who have woken up to this fact are called Buddhas." Then looked up at Ruth for a comment.
"They are," said Ruth.
"You are a Buddha. That is what you are saying."
"I am saying that I am awake."
"And you say in your paper that the awake is a Buddha," insisted Clare.
"I do."
"So, what conclusion should I draw from that?"
"Whichever comes natural to you."
"So you are the Buddha?"
"So I am the Buddha."
Clare was not sure where to go with this, she had made her point, Ruth Marten was the Buddha, and she hoped that she would agree to leave it in the final edit.
Ruth spoke next, "You are a Buddhist."
"Yes."
"And you believe the Dhamma."
"I do."
"Would you believe it if I told you that I was the Buddha? Tathagata." then added, "Honestly, now."
Clare had already accepted this, at least to the degree that she was capable of. But Ruth wanted to stress the point, she, or the Buddha, wanted to convey a message.
Clare said what would make sense for the interviewer to say, "It would seem too implausible. Impossible, even."
"So, if you, a Buddhist, find it hard-if not impossible-to see me as the Buddha, what conclusion would the general population draw?"
"They would conclude that you are pulling their legs."
"I think so, too."
"Still, you said in your paper. Quite clearly."
"I know. Perhaps that was a mistake. Perhaps I was a little too optimistic."
Then those calm, blue eyes held Clare's for a long time. "Tell me about your experience," said their owner.
To Clare there was only one experience, one experience worth telling. And Ruth Marten, the Buddha in the opposite chair, knew about it.
"About the light?"
"Yes."
So Clare told them. All listening intently to her recounting of the light living the light. When she had finished her telling, Lars-while still training the camera on her-was the only one to speak, "You never told me," he said. Not accusingly, just matter-of-fact.
She looked at him, "No, Lars. I didn't. Would you have believed me?"
"Good point."
"And you heard the voice whisper Nibbana?" said Ruth.
"Yes."
"Who could that have been?" she asked.
"I have no idea. Absolutely no idea."
"Have you not wondered?"
"Of course I have wondered. It's one of the most wondering I do."
"Maybe Nibbana whispered Nibbana," suggested Ruth. Though it sounded more like plain statement of fact.
Clare had never considered that. But now did. And in the light of the experience itself, and of the current conversation, yes, that was as feasible an answer as anything. "Maybe," she said. "Yes, why not?"
"Yes, why not," said Ruth.
In the silence that followed, Clare tried to retrace her steps to regain the thread of the interview. Then found it:
"You said it was a mistake to imply in your paper that you are the Buddha."
"Yes."
"If you could do it over, would you omit that reference?"
"I don't know," said Ruth. "Those with little dust in their eyes may still be able to connect the dots."
Clare nodded that she understood. Then looked down at her notes, found her place, and asked, "Is the bottom line of your EPROM experience that matter does not exist?"
Ruth, with no apparent gear-shifting problems, tapped the top of the glass table. "No, it does exist all right, there's no denying that."
"But if you didn't expect the glass top to be there, and if you didn't expect your hand to be solid enough to tap it, would either then exist?"
"That is a good question. That is the right question."
"So, would they?"
"What did the EPROM experiment show?"
"It showed that unless we look-expecting to find, I guess-there is nothing there."
"That is precisely true. We proved that unless we look-which in scientific circles really translates to measure-there is nothing there to see, or measure."
"Do the other institutions agree? UCLA, and so forth."
"Yes. They do."
"How come we haven't seen them tear down the scientific halls, so to speak, heralding these findings?"
"Well, partly because they were not their findings. Institutions like Cal Tech and MIT are very competitive. It's the not-invented-here syndrome."
"Though you would think that findings like these would transcend competition, wouldn't you?"
"Yes, you would, wouldn't you."
"Still, I've not seen much from either UCLA or MIT."
"One of the Swedish dailies published a long KTH article about this, with a page one lead."
"Really?"
"Really."
"And the Australian school?" Clare referred to her notes, "Queensland University of Technology? Anything from them?"
"Not yet."
"I mean, this is ground-breaking. I'd say colossal."
"Yes, I'd say colossal, too."
"Your paper spends quite a bit of real estate on quantum mechanics. Why is that?"
"I hope to convey the depth and importance of the findings to the man or woman on the street," said Ruth. "What we established will not make as much of an impression if you don't know the relative situation, so to speak."
"Einstein would have appreciated this, don't you think?"
"I know Bohr would. Not so sure about Einstein."
"Yes, he was looking for something more logical."
"That's Einstein for you."
"Should people study quantum mechanics? In general, I mean. To get a better grasp on the significance of non-local communication and this looking things into existence."
"I don't know if that's necessary. As long as they recognize that this surface reality of ours is, as I said, only the tip of the iceberg, and is far from actual truth."
"What would you suggest then? How to bring this across? I guess the question is, how to wake people up?"
"I've been pondering this questions myself," said Ruth, looking over at Ananda, who by now had finally taken a seat.
"Well, your experiment would go a way towards that, wouldn't it?"
"I hope so."
"We'll do our best to get the point across," said Clare, looking over at Lars, who nodded in agreement.
Clare took another look at her notes to make sure that she had covered all she had intended. She had. So she looked up at Ruth, "I think that just about does it. Enough meat, I'd say, for a pretty good report."
Ruth smiled, and so did Lars.
"Remember, I'd like to see the final cut," said Ruth.
"Yes, absolutely," agreed Clare.
:
The following afternoon, Melissa and Ruth were ushered into the KCRI editing room where they were greeted by Clare and Lars (who was also an accomplished editor, and had volunteered to work on this project with Clare).
Tea was served and the final cut of the program run through the monitor. Twenty minutes later, as the screen went blank, Ruth said, "Fine."
"I'd say," said Melissa.



::34:: (Pasadena)

The Clare Downes interview with Ruth Marten aired on the evening of Tuesday, May 12.
In a not particularly opaque swipe at KCAA and Federico Alvarez, KCRI billed this as a serious prime time interview-to be followed by critical expert commentary, and not to be confused with a spectacle or a side-show.
They had all gathered at Melissa's to watch the show. Clare (sans Lars, who, having edited it, said he had seen it enough times by now, and wanted the evening off), Julian Lawson, Ruth, Melissa, and that fellow Ananda, whom Clare still could not quite fit into the picture, and was too polite to outright inquire about. He seemed a closer friend to Ruth than to Melisa, and he apparently lived there.
Julian Lawson was his own oddity. Very focused on the task at hand, very dedicated to Ruth, and very non-attentive to Clare's looks. In fact, Julian was probably the first male in, well, she could not remember how long, who didn't eye her on the sly (or overtly, for that matter). Totally uninterested. As if she were not even there. Or as if the good-looks part of her were not even there. Not that she felt like complaining, it was refreshing in fact, but it took some getting used to. Hard to let down your guard when it was not needed.
Melissa had cooked a wonderful curry-all vegan, she proclaimed, I hope nobody minds. Which nobody did, Clare included.
The meal was winding down when the interview came on. Of course, they all knew what to expect from the interview itself, it was the critical commentary to follow that concerned them. How would it be received? Would Ruth be ridiculed? Would she be taken seriously? These were the questions foremost on Ruth's mind, as well as on hers.
The final edit, including commercials (which were charged at prime rate plus) ran a full thirty minutes. Another thirty minutes had been set aside by the producer for the commentary.
A panel of three "experts" watched the interview at KCRI's studios, and would open the commentary immediately following the conclusion of the interview.
This panel consisted of Cindy Gilchrist, professor of Ontology at USC, Carl Brecht, professor of Oriental Studies at UCLA, and Abbot Timothy White, abbot at the Los Angeles Franciscan mission.
As the interview was winding down, and the announcer exhorted all viewers to stay tuned for the panel discussion, Ananda asked:
"Who picked the panel?"
"They were all selected and invited by my producer," she answered.
"Are we going to get a fair hearing from them?" Ananda again.
"From Cindy Gilchrist, I'm pretty sure. I've met her a couple of times, and she seems a sweetheart. And most likely from Abbot White as well. He is an old, well-established, and well-respected religious figure in Los Angeles. Known to be very levelheaded, and fair. And a good listener, is how my producer characterized him.
"Carl Brecht, on the other hand, although he is a professor of Oriental Studies, usually takes a dim view of what he finds in these studies. He is a Sanskrit scholar and has read much of the Vedas and Upanishads in the original language and has been known to call them fairy tales."
"Does he know Pali?" asked Ruth.
"I don't know," said Clare.
"Does he regard the Pali Canon as fairy tales as well?" Ananda's question.
"I don't know how familiar he is with the Pali Canon. I couldn't say."
"How old are they?" asked Melissa.
"Cindy Gilchrist is about your age, I'd guess. Carl Brecht is in his early sixties, again my guess. And Abbot White is ancient. He has to be eighty if he's a day."
"Interesting," said Ananda-who of course was at least eighty himself if he was a day.
"Okay," said Ruth, turning to the screen. "Here we go."
The moderator turned out to be Clare's producer, Vivian Taft. This came as a surprise to Clare. "I wonder who's producing this segment then," she said. Nobody answered, though.
Vivian Taft put the first question to Cindy Gilchrist, not beating about any bushes, "Is it possible, do you think, that this young, attractive, prodigy of a girl, can be-as her paper implies-the Buddha reincarnated?"
"Possible?" said Gilchrist. "That's a very generous term. Really, anything is possible. I am not sure how likely it is, though."
 "You don't think it's likely?" In that confirming tone of voice that moderators seem to like.
"No, not really. The remarkable experiment notwithstanding, it just seems too far-fetched. And in some ways too pat."
"What do you mean?"
"I mean it would fit too well. Sort of unbelievably well. Hard to accept."
"So what do you think she means, I am awake?"
Before she could answer, Carl Brecht leaned into his microphone and suggested, "Perhaps to spice up a boring paper."
"Do you mean her account of the EPROM experiment?"
"Yes."
"So, I take it you don't find it fascinating."
"Not particularly, no."
"Why do you say that? It strikes me as quite a breakthrough in the field of quantum mechanics."
"Well," said Brecht. "That's where it belongs. Where you put it, in quantum mechanics. The world has done well over the last many millennia without the questionable details of particle physics, and will go on doing well for the next many."
"I don't agree with that," said Gilchrist. "I found the findings of the EPROM experiment absolutely fascinating. And the fact that the experiment has been replicated successfully speaks volumes, I think. But," she added. "That does not make the young girl at the center of all this a Buddha. It makes her a prodigy and a brilliant researcher, not a Buddha."
"How about you Abbot White," said Taft. "Where do you come down on this?"
Timothy White looked every one of his eight-four years as he leaned slightly in the direction of his microphone. "I think," he said with a soft but still vibrant voice, "that this young woman is a remarkable person. Absolutely remarkable." Then added, "I wouldn't rule anything out."
"Are you saying," said Taft, "that you would allow that she might be the Buddha returned?"
"I had no idea that the Roman Catholic Church endorsed reincarnation," interjected Brecht, apparently not quite on board with the protocol of the situation.
"As I said," said the Abbot calmly in his almost velvety voice, ignoring Brecht's rudeness, "I would not rule anything out. A year ago I would not have believed it even remotely possible that life, at its core, expects or measures particles into being. But, evidently it does. And there is not a very large leap from there to Miss Marten being who she says she is. Which, by the way, is that she's awakened. She does not say that she is the Buddha."
"Oh, I think you're splitting hairs here. I think the paper is quite clear on that," offered Gilchrist. "What else can she mean? First she says that those who have woken up to the fact that there is nothing but life are called Buddhas. Then she goes on to say that she is awake. Those are the last three words of the paper. I don't think there is any equivocation here, do you?"
"There's no arguing about that," said the Abbot. Again as calmly. "She does say what she says."
"Now," said Taft, looking directly at Brecht. "If we were to assume for a minute that Ruth Marten is in fact the Buddha. What impact do you think this could have on the religious landscape here in the United States? Well, in the world, for that matter?"
Brecht answered, "If she were the Christ returned, and so proven," at which he looked around at his colleagues, particularly at Abbot White, who was studying his hands. "Now, that would be an impact. As for the Buddha, the western world doesn't overly care about Buddhism as such, and would probably not care whether she was the Buddha or not."
"I disagree," said Gilchrist again, not seeming to particularly care for Brecht. "Statistically, Buddhism is the fastest growing religion in our country. People, according to recent surveys, turn to Buddhism because it is not faith-based. Because it offers, or at least seems to offer, an actual path of enlightenment, a way that can be traveled by the individual. People today find that appealing. So I believe that if she were the Buddha, if that was established fact-and I have no idea how you would objectively establish that."
"By appearing to raise someone's chair?" suggested Brecht, which earned him two quick glances from his panel co-members.
"If that were established fact," repeated Gilchrist pointedly, "I think it would have an effect indeed, both here and abroad."
"Right," said Taft. "Now, speaking of chairs, what is your take on that?"
"Staged, surely," said Gilchrist. "Miss Marten has already confirmed that."
"Agreed," said Brecht. "I'm not sure how they did it, but I'm positive that it was staged. I wouldn't put it past Alvarez."
"I would not rule anything out," said the Abbot again.
"You would not?" said Taft, apparently not a little surprised at the Abbot's leanings.
"Miracles do occur," he said.
"Yes, but not on television," said Brecht.
"And she did state that it was a hoax," said Taft.
"I know what she said," said the Abbot. And then, with a little more weight to his voice, the Abbot said, "Miracles do happen. Miracles have always happened. But we only seem to give credence to those that occurred in the distant past. For some reason today's world has ruled them out as possibilities.
"In fact," he added. "I consider the outcome of the EPROM experiment a miracle. And in the final analysis, are not miracles just natural phenomena that we do not quite understand yet?"
"Good point," said Taft. Then, "Let's take a quick break. We'll be right back."
On to commercial.
"I like the Abbot," said Ruth.
"A smart man," confirmed Ananda.
"You did a really great job, Clare," said Melissa, referring to the interview. "A good focus on the right things, and so clearly presented. And," she turned to Ruth, "you, too, of course."
Ruth smiled at her mom, but said, "Brecht is a funny one. Oriental Studies, is that what you said, Clare?"
"Yes, apparently."
"There is very little that's Oriental about him."
"I agree," said Clare. "He's an odd one."
"Can I ask you something," said Clare to the three of them.
"Sure," said Melissa, but before Clare could voice her question the expert panel discussion returned from commercial.
"Miss Marten, in her paper, makes the point that the world doesn't really care about the eighty-five or so percent of reality that's below water, as she puts it. Why do you think this is, Abbot White?"
"In my experience, people are not afraid of what they can see, no matter how frightening, they are afraid of what they cannot see. The can only see, as this young girl put it, the tip of the iceberg. What's beneath the surface may be as benign as anything, but unseen it is still a threat and is best ignored."
"I agree with that assessment," said Gilchrist.
"I don't know if fear is the right word," offered Brecht.
"What is the right word, then?" asked Taft.
"Irrelevance," he said.
"What do you mean?" said Taft.
"As I said earlier, whether or not elemental particles split and then co-know instantly across inconceivable distance has no bearing on your paycheck. Has no bearing on your happiness here and now. That data is irrelevant."
"I see," said Taft.
"I think what the girl is pointing out," said the Abbot, "is that life as lived today is very stressful, and as Thoreau said, lived in quiet desperation. And life will continue to be stressful and quietly desperate until, or unless, we look at all of life, at all levels. I think she is right. So I think it is relevant."
"You sound less like a Catholic than a Buddhist," said Brecht.
"Perhaps I should take that as a compliment," said the Abbot.
"Cindy," said Taft. "What if the rising chair was not a hoax?"
"But it was a hoax," said Gilchrist. "She categorically stated that on camera the following day. Staged by Federico Alvarez."
"Okay, that's true. She did say that. But let's assume it was not a hoax."
"Are you saying that she lied," said Gilchrist.
"Perhaps she did. Who knows? Quite a few people, including those at KCAA who worked the program, insist there was no funny business about the incident. If only for argument's sake, let's assume it happened, that it was a miracle. Let's assume that Ruth Marten made the chair rise with Alvarez in it. If that were to be proven true, what impact would that have on our country, from a religious standpoint?"
"Okay, for argument's sake," said Gilchrist. "That would be telekinesis in the extreme. And it would show Ruth Marten as more than just human, it would make her some sort of deity, I think. In fact, she could start her own religion based on this. If it were proven, of course-which it won't be. Can't be. It was a hoax."
"You Doctor Brecht?"
"If it were proven beyond a doubt?"
"Yes."
"Well, then I agree with Ms. Gilchrist. The girl could write her own ticket. Start her own religion. Make a fortune."
("I do not like that man," said Ruth. All heads nodded in agreement).
"You, Abbot White?" said Taft.
"In that case, if this miracle is proven true, I think we ought to take this girl seriously. I think we ought to take this girl seriously in any event."
"And, with that, let's take another short break," said Taft.
Off to commercial.
"My question," said Clare, who had cradled it, ready to go.
"Oh, yes," said Melissa.
"Don't take this the wrong way," she said, looking at Ananda, "but, how do you fit it? I mean, are you related to the family? I don't see a resemblance."
"Good question," said Ananda, and then actually chuckled. Something that became him.
"He's actually Ruth's friend," said Melissa, but then looked as if she'd like to take that one back.
"I've known him for a long time," said Ruth.
Then Clare finally made the almost terrifying connection, "Ananda."
Ruth nodded, "Yes, that Ananda."
Clare shook her head to see if she could make it understand. "You are the Buddha, and he is Ananda?"
"That pretty much sums it up," said Melissa.
Julian Lawson said, "Wonders never cease."
"I'd say," said Clare, looking from one to the other, as the panel came back from commercial.
"I want to get back to the actual paper," said Taft. "The experiment. How many of you have had a chance to read Doctor Lawson's original paper?"
No takers.
"Well, if a bit on the dry side, I don't think it leaves much room for doubt. The photon they traced disappeared when no one was looking. Does that not have metaphysical implications?" She addressed the question to Cindy Gilchrist.
"Sure it does," said Gilchrist. "In fact," she added as if this thought had just struck her, "extrapolating that evidence makes us all gods."
"What do you mean?"
"If subatomic particles only appear when we are looking at it or measuring it, would that not make us, whoever is looking, the creator of that particle?"
"And you think the same holds true for everything?"
"Well, everything is made from subatomic particles, isn't it?"
"That is my understanding," said Taft.
"I still say it's all irrelevant," said Brecht. "Does the tree falling in the forest make a sound if no one is there to hear it? Whether the answer is yes or the answer is no, who cares?"
"What about you Abbot?" Taft turned to Abbot White.
"This is all in the realm of the eighty-five percent of the iceberg we don't, or choose not to, see."
"Interesting choice of word there, choose," said Taft.
"I think the experiment proves that there is a substantial portion of reality we know little or nothing about, especially the average man or woman. And I think that the purpose of any religion, mine included, is to encompass, if not explain, all of reality."
Cindy Gilchrist nodded. "That's right."
Taft took a brief moment to consult her notes, then said, "If either of you had the opportunity to ask Ruth Marten one question, which question would that be?"
Doctor Brecht spoke first, "How did you rig the chair." Laughing.
"What else does she remember?" said Cindy Gilchrist. "If she remembered that nature cannot change an EPROM without access to ultraviolet light, what else does she remember? That would be my question."
"And you, Abbot," said Taft.
"I would ask her if she wouldn't mind sitting down and have a talk with an old Abbot," he said. Sincerely.
"Well, that's all we have time for," said Taft. "I'd like to thank you all for coming." Then to the camera, "Be sure to tune in for further reactions to the interview and other developments at the ten o'clock news."
And off to commercial.
"I would like to sit down and have a talk with the Abbot, said Ruth."
"So would I," said Ananda.
"Wish I could be there to film it," said Clare.
"Perhaps you can," said Ruth.
:
The Clare Downes interview, and the subsequent panel discussion, did nothing to ease the media storm. Rather, they fueled it.
A new report, interviewing three KCAA employees who went on record with sworn affidavits that the rising was no hoax, got ubiquitous coverage the following morning. Most stations, and papers, also covered the refusal of Federico Alvarez to comment, by now either seeing this as an admission of guilt (fearing the consequences) or as confirmation of a true miracle (for shame or other personal reasons).
Abbot White was loudly criticized for virtually conceding that Ruth Marten was the Buddha returned, as was KCRI as a station for clearly holding, and broadcasting, the same view.
One Arkansas radio station added everything up as it saw things: The rising was a miracle. Only our Savior Jesus Christ can perform such miracles. Ruth Marten, therefore, was our Savior returned. Many rural stations agreed but took serious issue with the fact that Ruth Marten was a girl, so while clearly a performer of miracles, could therefore not be Jesus, who we all know is a man.
The most prevalent view, however, the one racing the fastest across the country, and indeed creating the most distress and havoc, was the view that Ruth Marten-whoever she was, whether Jesus or the Buddha-was a clear message from God that the end was near. Many a station exhorted their viewers and listeners to prepare for the day of Judgment, often citing theNicene Creed: "Jesus shall come again in glory to judge the living and the dead; and His kingdom shall have no end."
Other stations (and pastors) quoted the similar message of the biblical Pauline Creed, in1 Corinthians 15:23.
This message was clear: "Get your house in order." A message that soon took an a life of its own to spread across the Midwest and the South like a sinister weather system.
Causing chaos in some places, a rush on food and supplies in others.
So sinister a weather system, in fact, that someone in Washington DC-it was never established who, precisely, but most speculations came to veer toward the President himself-called the California Governor and urged him to "Straighten things out with KCAA. Now, before this thing gets out of hand."



::35:: (Pasadena)

This straightening out took place early afternoon on Thursday the 14th  of May, when the Governor of the State of California placed a call to Gordon Fairweather, the KCAA station manager. The two men knew each other, but were not particularly friendly.
"Gordon," said the Governor.
"Yes, sir."
"The Marten thing."
"Yes."
"It was a hoax."
"No, it wasn't."
"I'm telling you Gordon, it was a hoax."
"No, sir. With all due respect, it was not."
"Perhaps I'm not making myself clear. It has to be a hoax, and you will make an announcement to that effect by the end of the day."
Finally Gordon Fairweather's light went on. "Are you telling me?"
"Yes, Gordon. I am. We don't have a choice."
"But that would be suicide."
"I know."
"I cannot do it. I'd rather resign."
"You'll have to resign in any event."
Gordon Fairweather leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes. On some hard-to-put-your-finger-on level he had seen this coming. Quite clearly.
He replied, looking at but not seeing the blue sky outside his tenth floor window, "I cannot afford to."
"I will make it worth your while."
"Sorry, sir, but I don't know you well enough to take your word for that."
"You'll have a signed letter of guarantee within the hour."
"Why?"
"Why the letter?"
"No, why the admission of guilt."
"Civil unrest," said the Governor.
Gordon Fairweather nodded, yes, that was part of seeing it coming. "In the South, you mean."
"And other places. It is spreading."
"And Washington has called you to defuse."
"Perhaps."
"What does making it worth my while mean, in actual numbers?"
The Governor told him, and Fairweather saw the wisdom of shouldering the fall guy mantle.
"Okay."
"By the end of the day."
"By the end of the day."
Gordon Fairweather hung up the phone.
:
KCAA's flagship broadcast was the 8PM news. It was, in fact, the most watched news program in Los Angeles, something Gordon Fairweather was extremely proud of. So it was with severely mixed feelings that he slotted himself in at the top of the hour for an "Important Announcement."
He made a somber figure as the camera closed in on him. Looking down at his notes for most of the zoom, he looked up as if on cue once the zoom arrived.
"Ladies and gentlemen," he said.
Melissa, Ruth, Ananda and Kristina Medina (now up to speed on events) were watching at Melissa's house. This Important Announcement had been advertised not only on television throughout the afternoon, but on most radio stations as well. It was never specifically stated what this would concern, but speculation ran high that it had something to do with the Alvarez show and the rising.
None of them spoke. They were all very still, not knowing what to expect.
The KCAA Station Manager continued:
"I wish to apologize to our viewers. And also to my colleagues and employees. It was never intended to create such a profound and widespread effect. It was meant as nothing but practical joke.
"The chair rising during the Federico Alvarez show was staged. It was, in a word, a hoax. It was a practical joke played by the station-with my approval-on Federico. He had no idea about it, neither did Miss Marten. It was in fact a tit for a past tat that Federico had pulled on some of his crew.
"This joke has had repercussions far wider and deeper than any of us could have imagined, and that is why I see it as my duty to make the truth known and to apologize for any turmoil caused by this on-air stunt.
"Again, I apologize."
With that, the program went to commercial.
"Wow," said Melissa. "But I must confess that I'm relieved. It was getting out of hand."
"Yes," said Ananda. "It was getting out of hand."
Ruth said nothing, feeling not a little responsible for the whole spectacle.
"If they swallow this, you should be off the hook," said Ananda, turning to Ruth.
"Let's hope so," said Melissa.
"Yes, let's hope so," said Kristina.
Ruth still said nothing.
"Surely, you agree?" Melissa turned Ruth's way as well.
"Yes, I do," she said. "It is for the best." Then, after an unequivocal sigh, she added, "One of my goals, one of the things I've always seen as a must in order to do what I have to do, is to become a household name. I've achieved that now. For all the wrong reasons."
Neither of the others challenged that. Ruth was all too right.
Ruth closed her eyes and leaned back into silence. Many angels crossed the room. Then she opened her eyes again and said, "No one will remember the experiment. It has been lost in all this frenzy. Whether I'm now off the hook or not, I've done more damage to my mission than I could possibly have done had I planned to sabotage it."
"Aren't you a little too hard on yourself," said Kristina.
"Do you think so?" said Ruth, and not very kindly.
"I didn't even see this coming," said Ananda.
"That's comforting," said Ruth, and with an edge.
"Ruth," said Melissa, suddenly all mother.
"Sorry," said Ruth, including them all. "For everything."



::36:: (Pasadena)

I should have been wiser. Much wiser. I should never, never have raised the chair. I should have listened to Ananda.
The truth is that I reacted to Federico Alvarez's terribly unfair barb at Melissa and I just wanted to shut him up. Not very compassionate, not very Buddha-like, I know.
The truth is that miracles-for that is how they see these things-upset people. They upset people, if less so, when I walked northern India so long ago, and man has not grown more receptive to the unexplainable since then. Quite the opposite. I see now that miracles are likely to drive him crazy, and if there was any way, any way at all I could undo this stupid, stupid thing I did, I would undo it in a heartbeat.
But there is no way to undo it, and I simply have to live with that.
I feel very sorry for Alvarez, who must be wondering which way to turn now that his boss has been fired for ostensibly pulling this stunt. I wonder what he's thinking. Untrue to form-he should have at least made a comment by now-there has been nothing but silence form the man. I must have shocked him terribly to seal his tongue so thoroughly. No, that is not funny, and I realize that. I've scarred the man, deeply, I fear.
I also feel very sorry for Fairweather, jobless now (though, from what I understand, well compensated) for my antics.
Ananda is a walking "told you so" and Melissa not much better-or perhaps that's just how I perceive them with my clouded heart. Julian and Kristina are being as supportive and forgiving as any human beings can be, and I appreciate them both more than I can say.
I am rarely despondent, but this is as close to hopelessly as I've seen things in a while. 
:
"It's for you," said Melissa offering me the phone.
"I don't take calls," I said, for that was the standing agreement.
"This one you will," said Melissa.
"Who is it?"
"Federico Alvarez."
I could see that Melissa would not take no for an answer and she was right. I owed Alvarez this.
"This is Ruth."
I could hear the man breathe at the other end of the line, and a little erratically, but he said nothing. So I told him again, "This is Ruth." I tried to sound friendly.
"This is Federico Alvarez," he said finally. He sounded tired, and as if the confidence that seemed to constitute the man had all but evaporated.
"Yes, Federico," I said.
"Is this Ruth?"
"Yes it is."
Then he said nothing. And then nothing. Gathering strength, is what it felt like. Then he said:
"I have to ask you this. I have to know. Did you do it?"
What could I say? I had to be truthful. "Yes, I did."
He took a deep breath, as if to steady himself. Then surprised me, to say the least by what he said next. "I'm sorry," is what he said.
"Whatever for?" I asked, though it was suddenly clear to me.
"For doubting you," he said. "And for," then seemed to changed his mind, "well, for doubting you."
"Are you?" is all I said before he answered, for he knew the question to come.
"No," he said. "Let them believe Gordon."
Then I began another question with "Are you?" I paused, but he said nothing.
"Are you all right?" I asked.
"No," he answered. "Well, yes and no." Then he asked a question. "Am I to believe everything you said."
"All," I answered, "but my denial." I meant my morning-after denial of causing the rising, and I knew he understood that.
"I see," he said. Then again, "I see."
Then I said, "I am sorry too."
"For what?"
"I reacted."
"With a reason to," he answered.
"Be that as it may."
"I was out of line," he said.
"Yes you were," I agreed.
After a brief silence, he asked, "What will you do now?"
Strangely, the question seemed born from solicitude, true concern.
"I don't know," I answered.
"I would, if I were you, lie low for a while," he offered.
"We've been considering that," I replied.
Then another short silence as he formed the question. "Can I call some other time?" is what he finally asked.
"Yes," I said. "That would be fine."
Again, he said, "I'm sorry. So many things got in the way."
I knew when he meant, and confirmed it, "I know."
Then, without a goodbye, He hung up.

I handed the phone to Melissa who stood nearby looking at me. She took it, but didn't ask the question. Ananda did.
"What did he want?"
"To apologize," I said.
:
Whoever in Washington-or was it someone in Sacramento had who put the final touches to the Fairweather resignation strategy?-had estimated the situation and it's resolution correctly. The official hoax announcement gained almost immediate, and universal, acceptance and things around the country soon began to simmer down.
The Savior had not returned, after all. Judgment Day still a ways off.
The major urban stations and papers ran self-congratulatory we-told-you-so stories, making Fairweather the villain of this unforgivable deception of the public. Stories served up with indignation wholly out of proportion to the many times they themselves had deceived the public, and it's God-given right to know the truth and nothing but.
Reporters and journalists continued to call for interviews, but Melissa and Ananda fielded them all and turned them down, and as one overcast Pasadena day after the other crawled by, the story of Ruth Marten and the rising chair, of the coming of saviors and the ending of worlds, began to fade into the background, overtaken and overshadowed by other, more urgent events in the world.
One aspect of the story did, however, linger a little longer. That of Federico Alvarez's silence. Nobody could explain it. Several papers and stations even tried to goad him into a response, alternately ridiculing and accusing him of complicity, but from the Alvarez camp there came only silence.
Eventually, even this angle of things died a silent, natural death.

Kristina Medina and Julian Lawson arrived together one day the following week to see how Ruth was holding up under all this.
"I'm doing okay," she told them over tea. Then turned to Julian, "How are they taking things at Cal Tech?"
"They are as happy as can be expected," he said. "Not all that, in other words. But they're not vilifying you or anything. As far as they're concerned, you did nothing wrong."
Ruth nodded. "I'm glad," she said, and looked it.
"They've defended you, and your paper, against a few skeptics. Successfully, I think."
"I'm glad," she said again.
Ruth then took them all in when she said, "I'm really, really sorry about all this."
"Shit happens," said Julian. Which earned him a few quick, rather startled glances. "I'm sorry," he said when he noticed. "That just slipped out."
"Things do happen," said Ruth. "And I'm not too proud of my part in this."

Later that afternoon the phone rang again. Melissa answered. After a brief exchange, she went looking for Ruth.
Found her.
"It's for you Ruth. It's Abbot White."



::37:: (Pasadena)

Timothy White, the Abbot of the Los Angeles Franciscan Mission, was born in Ireland in the spring of 1948. Four years later, in the summer of 1952, his parents emigrated to America.
Growing up, he was often told that his first words were Irish, but he has little memory of that. What he does remember is the Mauretania, the ship that took them to America; well, not so much the Mauretania herself as the ocean. Growing up in a small town, in hilly country, there had never been much of a vista in his forming years, the horizon always close and uphill. But here, leaning his head up against the stanchions of the promenade deck railing looking out at the endless water he realized, for the first time that he can recall, that the world was a very large place, near enough endless.
His father, a deacon of the parish church, had been offered a small parish of his own in the Irish section of Chicago, which his well-to-do brother-who had settled there a score of years earlier-attended and supported. So, off they went, soon-to-become-priest father, mother, four older brothers and one sister on the way, and Timothy, staring at the watery horizon so distant, and so all around. So almighty (which was a word he'd heard his father use often, and which seemed to fit well, especially with the way the water glittered in the sun). So everywhere. It was an experience and an image that he would carry with him and treasure for the rest of his life. His first impression of God.
It established a special relationship between them, that's how Timothy would tell it later. And so, whereas his brothers always did their best to shirk any church duties their father saw fit to assign them, Timothy volunteered. 
Timothy volunteered because in the church, even on early winter's mornings, when the cold and dark said otherwise, he felt-almost saw-the endless horizon of God's sea stretch in all directions. He felt at home, as if called there not by his father, but by ocean.
By age eight he was his father's favorite altar boy; his father's favorite, period. He took his duties seriously, and frowned (though he never bothered to defend himself, it was beneath him) when his brothers teased him for being a push-over and a toady.
After high school there was never any doubt what his next step would be. By then, his father had arranged a place for him at the Franciscan University of Steubenville, Ohio, which, together, they had already selected during his junior year in high school. The following summer he visited (and liked) the campus, and even got to meet some of the staff-which all seemed of the finest cloth as far as he was concerned.
It was during the second year at Steubenville that Father Martin broached the subject not of priesthood but of joining the order.
"Becoming a monk?" said Timothy. "No, Father. I admit, I have thought of it, but my plan remains the priesthood. I already know the parish."
"You have a higher calling than that," said Father Martin.
"Why is joining the order the higher calling, Father?"
"Perhaps I did not put that very well," answered Father Martin. "The priesthood is a fine calling, of course it is. Heaven knows we need dedicated priests these days. But the order is a narrower path, more arduous, but, in the long run, more rewarding. Purer."
"I don't know, Father. My father expects me back. It is his mantle I mean to shoulder."
Nodding that he understood, Father Martin said, "Do me this one favor, Timothy. Add a Franciscan History class to your curriculum this year, find out more about our roots. See for yourself whether you think I would steer you wrong."
He considered that. Considered his workload for the next two semesters-which was not light-but he liked Father Martin, trusted him, and so consented. He would add Father Martin's own class of Franciscan History to his workload.
A choice he never regretted.
Half-way through the fall semester that year, he had already dropped another class in order to delve deeper into the Franciscan Mysteries (as he called them), and by the following spring he saw for himself what Father Martin had already known: this was his path.
To better serve his chosen fraternity and its mission, Timothy (with Father Martin's gladly given blessings, and his father's less gladly given consent-at heart he would rather have seen Timothy take over his church and congregation) remained at Steubenville to complete his studies-which included master's degrees in both theology and philosophy, and so it was not until 1974 that he joined the Los Angeles Mission to become Brother Timothy, which is what he to this day liked to be called, even though he was now the abbot of the Mission.
And of a surprisingly successful Mission at that. Successful both in terms of finances and of outreach and goodwill. Under his guidance the Mission had established not one but several very effective drug rehabilitation programs with a more than twice the national average success rate, many graduates of which moved on to successful careers and who never ceased to share their success with generous donations.
Other donors included those whose lives Abbot White personally had consoled, consulted and changed, steering some from the brink of despair back into the light.
By any conventional yardstick, Abbot White had lived a full, rewarding life, achieving all that he had set out to achieve. Even his father, toward the end of his life, had to concede that his son had made the right choice-something that gladdened him deeply. And his brothers, to a man, not only respected him, but brought their many problems to him, and quite often at that.
Viewed objectively, Abbot White was an unqualified success.
Viewed subjectively, he was not.

Many of us see ourselves as successful or as good as others consider us to be, sustaining our sense of worth on their praise and admiration. It is a trap easily stumbled into, and one comfortable to settle in. Abbot White, however, was not one of us, and he carried his own yardstick of success: the glittering ocean, the far-reaching horizon of no land in sight. The glimmering presence that excluded all other presences. And, in truth, while longing for it his whole life, he had never managed to return there, nor had he-to the best of his knowledge-managed to lead others to it either. Toward, sure. But all the way, no. No, there was always a falling short.
And that is why, during the last decade or so, he had taken to study other paths, including thorough readings of Dogen's complete Sh?b?genz?, of the Dhammapada, of the Tao Te Ching, and of other Eastern writings, wondering now if his chosen path had not been too restrictive, too narrow; and wondering, too, if it were not too late to do anything about it.
And it was with this view, against this backdrop, that Abbot White, with mounting interest watched the Ruth Marten spectacle unfold.
:
When he saw a startled Federico Alvarez levitate, chair and all, his immediate thought was that he was witnessing a miracle. In fact, he knew he was witnessing a miracle. Don't ask him how he knew, he just did.
And the source of this miracle, well that was the young girl with the black hair and blue eyes watching the rising with what he deemed to be gentle, quiet amusement.
When he then was asked to sit on the expert panel (their word, not his) commenting on the Clare Downes interview with this very Miss Marten, he took that as virtually a sign. Something fundamental was going on, he felt the stirring. Up onto the promenade deck.
And that is why he, a few days later, after the storm around her had begun to settle down, found himself on the telephone with Ruth Marten.
:
For the first time in years-he could in fact not remember the last time this had happened to him; refreshing, is what he thought-he found himself a little nervous. For this call was of consequence, true consequence.
She came to the phone.
"This is Ruth," she said.
"Miss Marten. This is Abbot White."
"Yes?"
 "Do you know who I am?"
"Yes, I do. I watched your expert commentary on my interview."
"Yes, that's the one."
"What can I do for you Abbot?"
She did not seem to him friendly. She seemed to him his equal. Her voice, though quite soft (like his own), carried unmistakable authority.
"I should like to see you," he said.
"Why?"
"I think I can be of help."
"How can a Catholic abbot be of help to a young particle physicist?" she said. Still unfriendly, though either amused or curious.
"I don't think that's the correct question," he answered.
"What would be the correct question?" she said.
"How can a Catholic abbot help a young Buddha?" he said. "That would be the correct question." And that was apparently the right thing to say, for her voice donned a friendlier note. And what it said was:
"I should like to see you, too."



::38:: (Pasadena)

Shortly after ten in the morning the following day, the doorbell rang and Melissa went to answer it. And there he was. A Catholic Ananda is how the old abbot struck her.
"Come in, Abbot, please," she said, holding the door wide open.
"Timothy, if you don't mind."
"Okay, Timothy. Melissa," she said, and held out her hand.
"Melissa."
She led him through to the living room where Ruth and Ananda were waiting, both standing. The abbot introduced himself two more times, insisting on "Timothy" all the way. Ruth and Ananda reciprocated.
Melissa had tea and some fruit ready to go and dashed off to the kitchen to fetch it. She returned to a quiet living room, apparently waiting for her.
"Did an angel just cross the room?" she asked.
The abbot laughed at that, quite unexpectedly. "Oh," he said. "Funny you should say that. My mother used to say that whenever silence fell upon us, which was rare to be sure."
Ananda smiled, too. As did Ruth, who then added, "I think she just returned, bearing tea."
And so, what little ice there was found itself broken.
"I have a confession to make," said the Abbot.
No one said anything, but the listening was almost palpable.
The Abbot took another sip of the green tea, then regarded the cup for quite a silent while. Then said, "I have been a Catholic all my life. I have been a Franciscan monk for near enough sixty years. All, yes I think I can say that, all to regain the clarity I experienced as a four year old boy in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean.
"Yes," he continued, "I have done much good, and I have helped many. I have lived in the conviction that my path has been the correct one, and that if only I could walk it with more sincerity, more truly, more deeply, then I would finally enter into light."
He paused here and helped himself to some more tea. Then he recounted his horizon experience on the deck of the Mauretania, leaving his young Ireland for the unknown America.
"I knew God then," he said to end the story. Then he said it again.
The he looked directly at Ruth. "Am I incorrect in assuming that you raised that chair? That you performed that miracle?"
"Not a bit," said Ruth.
"I thought not," said the Abbot. Then, after another brief silence, looking down at his hands and then back at Ruth, he asked, "Do you know the way back to God?"
"Your God?" said Ruth.
"Is there more than one?" said the Abbot.
"No," said Ruth.
"Is there a way back?" said the Abbot.
"I know the way back to the stillness you described," said Ruth. "If that is what you mean by God."
"That is what I mean by God," he replied.
What struck Melissa the deepest about this exchange was that her sixteen year old daughter and the ancient-and he was truly ancient-abbot treated each other as equals in every respect, age included. Truth be told, she had a hard time trusting her perception, but then she reminded herself, again, who her daughter was and that took the edge of the wonder. But it remained a wonder.
"You are who you say you are?" said the Abbot.
"Who do I say I am?" said Ruth.
"The Tathagata," said the Abbot.
Melissa saw Ananda's eyes startle, then fix upon the Abbot. And it was in fact Ananda who spoken next, "the Tathagata?" 
The Abbot turned to him, "Yes."
Ananda turned to Ruth, who smiled in turn. "Yes, Timothy. I am Tathagata. Sooner back than planned."
The Abbot nodded. Then said, "Pardon me for saying so, but I think-and don't take me wrong, I know you had your reasons-but it seems to me that you've made a bit of a mess of it."
"My thoughts, precisely," said Ananda.
"How so?" said Ruth.
"You are here for a reason," said the Abbot.
"Yes," said Ruth.
"Miracles have their place," said the Abbot. "That was not the place."
"It was not meant as a miracle," said Ruth. "I just got unforgivably annoyed with the man, and wanted to put him in his place."
"And so you did," said the Abbot. "He hasn't been heard from since."
"Actually," said Ruth. "He called yesterday."
"He did?"
"To apologize."
"For what?" The Abbot sincerely curious.
"For doubting me, is what he said."
"Seriously?"
"Indeed."
"Well," said the Abbot. "Wonders seem to never cease."
"It was a bit of a surprise," agreed Ruth.
"Still, what you did created more agitation than clarity. It was not, well, to speak with your tongue, it was not very skillful."
"Well put. And you are absolutely right. Stupid thing to do. Really stupid."
Ananda nodded his agreement. Ruth turned to him, and watched the slowly bobbing head for a breath or two. "Nobody's asked you," she said, though more in jest than anything.
Then the Abbot asked, "Can I be of help?"
"To be honest," said Ruth. "I don't know. I have made a mess of things. Even though the media have accepted the official account, the Fairweather explanation-which is probably for the best, of course-still, I have managed to muddy my waters. And as time will blur memory and erase details, I fear people will remember me not as innocent bystander but simply as murky part of that scandal."
The Abbot considered that. "Yes," he said. "I can see that."
"And I think very few if any will take my intimation about being the Buddha seriously. Perhaps that too was a part of the hoax. I don't know what they will think, but the waters are muddied. Definitely."
"Yes, they are," he answered.
"I had hoped to stand on an elevated but wholly credible platform-which is how I saw the successful EPROM experiment-and speak from there. My voice would then carry, and people would hear it and take it seriously. Now I fear that this window of opportunity has not only passed, but that it now lies in a thousand pieces."
"Apt," said Ananda.
The Abbot nodded, "Yes, apt."
"So," said Ruth. "How can you help? I don't know. But I'm wide open to suggestions. In other words, what do I do now?"
Another angel entered, lingered, then left the room. Finally, the Abbot spoke:
"It is a matters of credentials, then? Your approach. Of respectable, believable credentials?"
"Yes," said Ruth.
"Why did you choose this way? As opposed, I guess, to being yourself?"
"The Buddha?"
"Yes."
"A tree told me," said Ruth.
"I don't follow."
And so Ruth told the Abbot about the old Bristlecone.
The Abbot, a little puzzled at first, then began to nod. He understood. And then, once Ruth had finished the story, said, "Good advice."
"I thought so."
"Science." said the Abbot.
"And religion," said Ruth. "I want to marry them."
The Abbot was weighing his word-options, that is how it struck Melissa. Then he said:
"So it is with authority that you want to address the world."
"Yes, from strength. With the authority of science," said Ruth.
"You've certainly gained scientific recognition," said the Abbot. "Perhaps you now need to gain religious recognition."
"What do you mean?" said Melissa.
The Abbot set out to summarize, as much for himself as for others. Again, this was Melissa's impression. "I think we have to face the fact that few will take a sixteen year old girl seriously, especially on matters of life and death, the essential matters. Most sixteen year olds are still in high school, trying to find their own feet, and have no business instructing others about theirs. That would be the general consensus."
"I agree," said Ruth.
"You are, and remain, a recognized genius in scientific circles, I don't think the Alvarez incident has tarnished you in this respect. And your plan was to widen that recognition, then build on that, on those credentials, to make your voice not only heard-not and easy thing these days-but believed."
Ruth was nodding, yes, that had been her plan.
"In view of what has happened, I fear as you do that those credentials will no longer hold up for the man on the street. You will not be heard."
And now looking straight at Ruth again, he added, "At this point you have no place to stand, do you?"
"That sums it up nicely," said Ruth.
"You mentioned religious recognition." said Melissa.
The Abbot may or may not have heard this, but looked at Melissa as he continued:
"She must not give up," he said. "She is too important."
Then looking back at Ruth: "You are a light, Miss Marten. You must not give up."
"I'm not about to," said Ruth.
"You must be recognized," he added, as if Ruth had not spoken.
"How?" said Ruth and Ananda both, and with a voice so single that they all laughed.
Then the Abbot asked, "Who can recognize you for who you are?"
"Ananda does. Melissa and Julian do."
"No, I mean broadly. Religiously. Who can provide you a platform? Who, in the Buddhist world can recognize, and vouch for you?"
"I see," said Melissa, and did.
"That's a thought," said Ananda.
"Who is the most prominent Buddhist in the world, today? And would he, or she, recognize you for who you are?" asked the Abbot.
"The Dalai Lama would have recognized me," said Ruth. "But, as you know, he recently passed."
"And they have yet to find the next," said the Abbot.
"Still looking," confirmed Ananda.
"Who else?" said the Abbot.
"There is someone at the Mahavihara Monastery in Sri Lanka," said Ruth.
The Abbot looked from Ruth to Ananda to Ruth. "How do you know?" he said. Then quickly added, "Sorry. I didn't mean."
"A feeling," said Ruth. Not unkindly.
"Who?" said Ananda.
"Bhante is his name," said Ruth. "The Venerable Bhante Mah?thera. He doesn't know me yet, but I know that he will recognize me were we to meet."
"Do you think he can shore up your platform?" said the Abbot.
"Perhaps," said Ruth. "Yes, perhaps he can." Then said, "Do you want to come?"
"Come where?"
"To Sri Lanka," said Ruth.
"Oh, I see. No, I'm afraid I couldn't do that. Too much to see to here in Los Angeles, still. You'd think I'd be out on the scrap heap by now, but still they come to me for far too many things. But," he added, then paused. "If I may make a suggestion."
"Sure."
"Perhaps it would help your cause to invite that reporter along?"
"Clare Downes?" said Melissa, feeling sure that's who he meant.
"Yes, that who I mean," said the Abbot.
"That's an idea," said Melissa. Both Ananda and Ruth agreed.
:
Clare Downes saw there was a story in the trip and encountered only token resistance from her producer who, while she felt a little uneasy about letting her star reporter out of her sight for a full week, soon could see the story as well. Yes, time and money well spent. Documenting international Buddhist acceptance of Ruth as the Buddha. Yes, quite a story indeed.
And yes, of course she could bring Lars.
And yes, finally, the station would pay for all of them.



::39:: (Sri Lanka)

The temperature at Bandaranaike International Airport in Colombo put the unseasonally warm Los Angeles they had left behind to shame. And the humidity, my Lord. Clare asked Lars if the equipment would actually work okay here. He sniffed the air, as if testing it for something, and nodded, "Sure. Not quite under water yet."
They had not expected any crowds, and neither were there any. Once they cleared immigration and customs the little group, consisting of Clare and Lars (who were attracting some attention, what with her recognizable face, even here, and what with his impressive camera), Ruth, Melissa, and Ananda, were met by a single monk in a saffron robe holding up a hand-painted sign saying "Marten" in blue letters.
Ruth went up to him. "I am Ruth Marten."
The monk lowered the sign, and looked at Ruth up and down and up again, at loss for words. Then said, in slightly sing-songy English, and not a little surprised, by the looks of him, "You are Marten?" He then looked over at Ananda as if hoping, somehow, that he was the Marten and they were playing a trick on him.
"Yes," said Ruth.
"But," said the monk, and then fell silent. Apparently looking for words. Then found some, "You are a girl."
Lars, ever the professional, had unobtrusively hoisted the camera onto his shoulder and was getting this. Clare nodded in acknowledgement.
"I guess the Venerable Bhante Mah?thera did not tell you," said Ruth.
The monk suddenly realized his rudeness. Clare could practically see embarrassment pouring into him, filling him toe to head. He seemed unable to answer, and no answer came.
"Please take us to him," said Ruth.
The monk then bowed so deeply his head almost touched the floor, then turned, motioning with the hand that held the sign for them to follow.
The ride to the Mahavihara Monastery went from slow-through chaotic traffic, to slower-through worse traffic, to crawl when the paved road stopped, and the old van more navigated than rode the rutted track that took them to the old monastery.
"So sorry," said the monk with each bump in the road that seemed determined to shake the vehicle apart, with a few "so sorries" in-between bumps for good measure.
Everyone smiled as well as they could, what with the jet lag and what with the pathetic air conditioner, whose attempt at cooling the inside of the van amounted to nothing but futile gesture.
Arriving at last, the monk turned to Ruth and said, "The Venerable Bhante Mah?thera would like to see you right away."
Two other monks appeared to help unload the van, and to bring their luggage to guest quarters as the group made to follow their guide. Who, when he noticed turned and said, "Only the Marten," he said.
"I have promised them," began Ruth, looking over at Clare and Lars.
"Only you," said the monk, and with such finality that there was no arguing about this. Clare saw that writing on the wall and touched Lars' arm in a let's-go gesture, then turned and followed Ananda and Melissa and their luggage.
:
The Venerable Bhante Mah?thera was ninety-five years old, though you were hard pressed to guess. Old, yes, that was plain enough, but that old could be anywhere between seventy and a hundred plus. He was a small, somewhat emaciated man with all of his teeth and a soft smile that seemed to reflect a subtle amusement at some private joke.
Ordained at the age of fifteen, he had been a Theravada Buddhist monk for eighty years, fifty or so of these as the leader of the Mahavihara Sangha. He retired his leadership on his eighty-fifth birthday, announcing that he would live out his days in seclusion and meditation. This decision was, of course, greeted and accepted with respect, and the new leader had built for him a small bungalow at the far end of the large compound, somewhat secluded, that he may live, undisturbed, to reflect and meditate for his remaining days.
As a rule he would only see his attendant (the monk meeting Ruth and company) and on rare occasions the leader of the Sangha, to advice as needed. Other than that he dwelled alone, and saw no one.
The front of his bungalow faced a worn pathway, the back-with its two small windows-faced the forest.
He was standing at the door, watching Ruth and his attendant approach, smiling softly, now as if at some distant memory.
:
I feel his presence even from this distance. He is a true bhikkhu. He has walked the path and he has laid down his burden. His next step will be Parinibbana, the final destination-less journey.
My guide still seems mortified that he did not know I was a girl. He says nothing to me, nor does he turn around. I don't know what Bhante told him about me, but I've certainly disappointed his expectations.
We reach the little bungalow which is Bhante's home, and my guide steps aside, "Mah?thera," he says. "This is your guest, Ruth Marten."
Bhante looks up, as if in recognition, and his smile broadens. "Welcome," he says in good English. "Please come." He turns and enters his building. My guide does not follow, but motions for me to.
The inside is quite dark at first, though my eyes soon adjust. I see one large room to the right, a smaller one to the left, where I spy the edge of a low bed, not more than a mattress on the floor. Bhante enters the larger room, which is part kitchen, part sitting room, prepared, it seems, to receive its guest.
He motions for me to sit down on one of the two pillows by the low table, while he turns to the stove to prepare my welcome tea. He is very agile for his age, and seems in perfect health. I notice his movements as he strains the tea and pours it into two small cups, which he places on a small copper tray. He says nothing while he does this, for there really is nothing to say. He does not feel the need to fill silences.
He places the tray on the table, sits down and hands me one of the cups.
"You said you were a girl," he says. "I found that a little hard to believe. But here you are."
"It was the best attire," I reply.
"Are you sure?"
"Yes."
"You can speak across such distance," he says. "That is impressive, but how do I know that you are the Buddha? Others know the voice, too."
"How did I recognize you, Bhante Mah?thera?"
"Yes, that is true."
"Have you heard anything about Ruth Marten? Anything in the papers or on television recently?"
"I don't have a television. I don't read papers."
"Has anyone spoken of her?"
"Not in my presence."
"I am here, Bhante Mah?thera, for the world needs another wakening."
"I agree it does."
"It has grown complacent and blind."
"And placed most of its trust in dogma," said Bhante.
"Even in the Sangha?"
"Even in the Sangha."
"Will they recognize me?"
"I have yet to recognize you."
I am not sure he is being entirely truthful about that. I get the feeling he is testing me, something that under the circumstances I cannot take  umbrage at, of course. It's age asking youth to make its case-yet, I cannot shake the feeling that he does know me, that he does not truly have the doubt he presents me. But these are shadowy waters.
So, instead I ask, "How can I prove myself?"
"Is there such a thing as proof?" he asks.
"Experience," I answer.
"Yes, there is that."
And so I fill him with my recent past, with Ananda, with my hopes and my plans and the need for both. His face does not change expression, but his smile widens.
"Venerable Sir," he says. Then adds, "You brought Ananda?"
"Yes, I did."
"I should like to meet him," he says. "He is a him, yes?"
"Don't worry. He's exactly what you'd expect."
"Well, that's a relief," he says and chuckles. Then he turns serious again. Drinks a little from his cup, and takes a long look at me. "They may not believe you."
"The Sangha?"
"Yes, that is what I mean."
"Will they not perceive me?"
"Few, if any, these days, know this chamber of hearing."
"What should I tell them? How can I convince them?"
"Why do they need convincing so urgently?"
Which is a good question.
"I need to be believed," I answer. "Not only by the Sangha and the Buddhist world, but through them by the Western world as well."
"I think you are too late for that."
"Can that be true?"
"See for yourself."
:
When Ruth returned from her audience with The Venerable Bhante Mah?thera she found them all in varying degrees of asleep in the guest quarters.
Clare was the first to stir at her entering, then Ananda. Lars seemed out cold, as did Melissa. It had been a long flight, and KCRI had not sprung for first class (expensive enough as it is, her producer had told Clare when she asked about the tickets).
Ruth sat down, tired, concerned.
"It went well?" Clare asked.
Ruth looked at her for some little time before answering. "With Bhante, yes. But he does not hold out much hope for the Sangha itself."
"Why?"
"That's what I am trying to understand. These are my people, this is my Sangha. But I fear that Bhante might be right."
"What did he say?" she wondered.
"He said that they are mired in dogma."
She frowned. "What does that mean?"
"It means that they cling to the word rather than perceive and understand its message."
Over on a low couch, Ananda stirred, then sat up straight, the better to hear.
"They have drifted from the Dhamma," said Ruth.
"What do you mean?" said Clare.
"It means that they pay lip service to the Dhamma, but do not truly practice it. It means that they would rather debate the Dhamma than understand it. I could speak to Bhante the way I can speak to you, silently, in a co-knowing way. He said they would not be receptive to that. That is a tragedy."
"Are you sure?" The question came from Ananda.
Both Clare and Ruth turned to face him.
"I am not sure," said Ruth. "Tough I have seen this before, though I know this sickness, I cannot be sure until I speak to them."
"So you will speak to them?" said Clare. "Even though."
"Yes."
Clare hesitated, then she asked, "Can I film that. Will they be okay with that?"
"I will make sure they are," said Ruth.
"What will you say?" asked Ananda.
"I really don't know," she replied.



::40:: (Mahavihara Monastery)

The Venerable Bhante Mah?thera called the Sangha's leader to him as soon as Ruth left, requesting that he gather the entire Sangha an hour before sunset the following day.
The leader bowed and assured him that this would be done.
:
The following morning they were served a refreshing breakfast consisting of many fruits and chilled tea. Ananda, even though he had not slept all that much, or well for that matter, felt nicely refreshed by it, and by the looks of them, so did the rest of the little group.
When the two monks returned to retrieve the breakfast dishes Ruth asked to see the Venerable Bhante's attendant, who soon appeared, bowing very deeply, apparently still embarrassed by his airport rudeness.
Ruth asked him, "Will the Sangha gather."
"Yes," said the monk. "One hour before sunset."
"My friends will be there," she said.
"Naturally," said the monk.
"My friend with the camera will film my address."
"That cannot be done," said the monk.
"Then," said Ruth, "there will be no address."
"I will let Venerable Bhante Mah?thera know," bowed the monk, then turned and left.
"Was that wise?" said Ananda.
"I believe so," said Ruth.
"I hope so," said Clare.
"What if they refuse?" said Ananda.
"Then we leave," said Ruth.
Ananda saw the wisdom in that. Should Ruth's address convince the Sangha, they needed a record of that, something to broadcast. Besides, Ruth had promised Clare full access, perhaps a little rashly-since she had no say in Sangha matters. It behooved her to do whatever she could to keep her promise.
The monk was not long in returning, a little winded actually, as if he had been running, which he probably had.
Ruth looked at him expectantly.
"The Venerable Bhante Mah?thera says it is fine, your friends can film the gathering."
"They can film my address to them?" Ruth wanted to make sure.
"Yes they can."
Ananda could see Clare exhale in long soft relief.
"Good," said Ruth. "That is good."
"The Venerable Bhante Mah?thera wants to know if you want to see the Monastery. He asked me to be your guide."
"Yes," said Ruth. Then looked around. "I think I speak for all of us. We would like to see it. And," she added, "they can film?"
"Yes," said the monk.
"We'd like to freshen up first," said Ruth.
"Of course," said the monk. "I'll come back in an hour."
"Thank you," said Ruth. Echoed by the rest.

The Venerable Bhante's attendant returned on the dot one hour later. Ananda could not help but smile. A good attendant that. Precise, punctual, if perhaps not the most tactful (the airport faux pas still in mind). Yes, the Venerable Bhante Mah?thera had a good attendant.
"If you would follow me."
They did. Clare and Lars at a distance, stopping here and there to discuss and take shots. Clare looked happy, engaged with her task, as did Lars. The monastery was not only ancient, but beautiful, and they were given unrestricted access. Ruth, walking beside Bhante's attendant, asked many questions, some out of politeness, some more pointed.
Ananda, a step or so behind them, said nothing, but listened intently, trying to form a picture of the state of the Sangha, and of the root of the Tathagata's concern.
"Yes," confirmed the monk. "They study the Dhamma, naturally."
"The Sutta Pitaka?"
"Yes, of course."
"The Vinaya Pitaka?"
"Yes, of course. But more than this, the Abhidhamma Pitaka."
"And the Visuddhimagga?"
"Oh, yes. Most of all the Visuddhimagga."
"But," Ruth pointed out. "The Abhidhamma and Visuddhimagga are not the Buddha's words. They are organization, speculation, and commentary. Granted," she added, "quite brilliant in places, and often true-especially the Visuddhimagga. But why focus on the mostly true? What is wrong with the Sutta Pitaka?"
"Oh, there is nothing wrong with the Sutta Pitaka, how can you say that?"
"I am not saying that. I just don't understand why speculation and commentary take precedence over the word of the Tathagata."
"Not precedence," the monk said. "We focus on the clarification."
"The Buddha's words are not clear?"
"Not always."
Ananda had to agree with that, of course. Viewed from today's much more informed standpoint, the Sutta Pitaka left a lot to be desired as canon, but it was all there, and better discover it for yourself than have someone else interpret for you, even if that someone was as brilliant as Buddhaghosa.
Ruth didn't respond, but asked instead. "Everyone meditates?"
"Yes, of course. Mostly, yes."
"Mostly?"
"Our Pali scholars are sometimes too busy."
"Pali scholars?"
"Those who study the Pali Canon to clarify."
"The Sangha is not versed in Pali?"
"No, only our scholars. They translate into Sinhala for the rest to read, for those who can read."
"Not all Bhikkhus can read?" Ruth sounded alarmed.
"No, of course not."
"Why not?"
Bhante's attendant thought about that for a while, then answered, a little embarrassed, "I don't know."
Ruth said nothing and they walked in silence for a while. Ananda could hear Clare point something out to Lars. The long screech of a bird in flight crossed the sky overhead. It was answered from the forest to their right. The sun had now cleared even the tallest trees and the air seemed to heat up by the minute. Ananda then stepped up alongside Ruth and the attendant. "How many arahants in the Sangha?" he asked.
"The Venerable Bhante Mah?thera," he answered.
"No one else?" said Ruth, again with alarm.
"No."
Ruth looked over at Ananda, perplexed. Ananda echoed the expression back to her.
The Ruth asked, "Do they speak English?"
"Yes," the attendant answered, "most of us do."
"Well, that's something, at least," she answered.
:
The Sangha had gathered in a large open semi-circular amphitheater. Looking out at the seated wave of orange, Ananda estimated perhaps a thousand bhikkhus. Twelve hundred at most.
Two bhikkhus were busy arranging the public address system, testing the microphone with what sounded like Sinhala counting, one, two, three, one, two, three.
The Venerable Bhante Mah?thera sat by Ruth conversing quietly, holding her arm for assurance or comfort. Ruth nodded, then looked out at the congregation and nodded again.
The two bhikkhus finished adjusting the PA system, then spoke with Bhante's attendant, who nodded, and went over to Bhante. He whispered something to him. Bhante nodded, and taking his attendants arm, rose to his feet. Then approached the microphone. Quiet fell not only over the congregation, but over the surrounding forest as well, as if nature had decided to hold her breath.
Bhante addressed them in Sinhala. Ananda had no idea what he told them; perhaps he had mentioned to Ruth what he intended to say. Then Bhante said no more to his monks and stepped back, took his attendant's arm again, and walked back to his seat. He nodded to Ruth who rose.
Approaching the microphone she struck Ananda as an inch or two taller than normal, or was it just that everyone around them seemed short. No, erect and purposeful Ruth had grown, he could almost swear to it. The setting sun reflected on her hair in a glitter which died as she stepped into the shadow cast by forest on the front of the platform where the microphone stood, awaiting.
Arriving, she adjusted the microphone to her height, bending it upward. Then she tapped on it twice. Then she spoke.
"I understand that most of you speak English, which is a good thing for I don't speak Sinhala."
She probably meant for this as a jovial opening, but no one smiled or laughed. The orange wave sat rock still, curious, yes, but with a hint of hostility. Who was this girl, and why was she talking to us?
Ruth, the Tathagata, was obviously aware of this, and Ananda could see her hesitate, unsure of how to proceed.
"My name is Ruth Marten," she said. "I am from Pasadena, California."
She paused, everything was still. Then she said:
"A little over sixteen years ago I was in the Tusita heaven, where I had rested for a little over four hundred of your years."
The collective gasp was palpable, but Ananda sensed it as a gasp of affront, not a gasp of surprise or revelation. Then he perceived how Ruth expanded and filled the amphitheater, making all of it a room of co-knowing.
Bhante smiled where he sat. Melissa looked surprised, as did Clare. Lars was too busy filming to show anything but concentration. And now, as Ruth continued to speak, her voice was supported by her internal depth of meaning. The voice of the speakers filled the evening air while the meaning resonating inside. Ananda scanned the Sangha for signs of recognition.
Speaking slowly and clearly, she said, "I am Tathagata."
A thousand pairs of eyes rested on her, and a thousand pairs of ears waited for the next word. But no next word came, not over the speakers. The meaning, however, was repeated as internal resonance: "I am Tathagata." And again. "I am Tathagata."
Ananda strained to see sings in the little sea of solemn faces. There was a smile, and there was another. Few, though, and far between. Ten, at the most twenty, could hear her.
"I am Tathagata," she said again as internal whisper. Existing smiles widened, but no new smiles budded. The vast majority could hear nothing, and here and there the somber faces tinged a perplexed annoyance.
Someone spoke up, and loudly into the quivering dusk: "No, miss, you are not."
"I am," said Ruth aloud.
"No," said another bhikkhu, "you cannot be."
"Why?" said Ruth. "Why can I not be?"
No one answered her.
"Because I am a woman?" she said.
Then they all discovered, Ruth, Ananda, as well as the others, that the Los Angeles spectacle had indeed reached these shores, and this monastery, after all. For a bhikkhu near the stage rose and in a loud voice said, "You are the American television Buddha. We have heard all about it and believe none of it."
Ruth turned to Ananda, her face a startled question. Ananda shook his head, he had no idea. This was not the time to begin explaining all that had taken place, if that were even possible.
"Can you not hear me?" she asked silently. The few nodded, but most, by an overwhelming margin, heard nothing, and were now growing restless, angry even. They were being played for fools. Someone else rose, then spoke:
"What do you want from us? More clever television magic?" Some of them snickered at this, and most of them turned toward Lars, filming all this, and Clare, next to him.
It was as if a wind had reached the orange tree of Bhikkhus, a thousand voices whispering like the susurrus of a million leaves. Alive with irritation, it seemed. Ananda looked over at Ruth. This was not going well.
At this point-with the help of his attendant-Bhante rose. The susurrus died down to a much quieter wind, but wind nonetheless.
Bhante slowly moved toward Ruth and the microphone. Arrived. For the benefit of his guest, Ananda assumed, Bhante addressed the Sangha in English.
"Friends," he began, and the remnant of wind quieted, too. "Friends," he repeated.
Ananda knew that the Sangha had not heard Ruth, and had not accepted her as one of them, much less the Buddha. He also knew that there was nothing Bhante could say that would convince them otherwise. They must know for themselves, and they would only know if they could hear. Bhante, he realized, faced an impossible task, and he wondered what he could possibly say next.
"Friends," Bhante said for a third time. "Miss Marten is my guest."
This he said with such weight that Ananda could feel shame rise up through the orange sea.
"She came here with a message. She does not lie."
This stirred a fresh little wind among the Sangha. Many bhikkhus begged to disagree.
"She does not lie," repeated Bhante.
The wind rose to renewed rustle of many leaves. The Sangha did not agree.
"What are you saying?" said Bhante. "Are you saying that I lie to you?"
"No, sir," a voice called. "But we know of the television shows. We have heard of the scientific experiments. And of the chair trick. The Tathagata would never stoop to that."
Rising agreement cut him off.
Then another voice, loud and clear: "The Buddha was not a girl."
And the wind of the Sangha rose and rose. Only those who had heard her remained quiet, looking about them with a mixture of uncertainty and fear.
Bhante held up his hand, but to no avail. The susurrus had risen to a thunder. He turned to Ruth and said something to her that Ananda could not hear. Ruth nodded in acceptance, and backed away from the microphone. Ananda could see that she was on the verge of tears.



::41:: (In the Air)

Long ago I predicted that the Dhamma would only last a thousand years. I predicted that the true and pure Dhamma would by then have diluted into something less than its own shadow, that the Dhamma-Vinaya that meant practice and certainty gained by personal experience would by then no longer exist.
I foresaw this because when I walked the earth as the Tathagata, the world had already seen too much acceptance of, and subservience to, rites and dogma. And I knew that this river of rites and dogma was the ignorance that had to be crossed. That is what I tried to teach, this crossing.
And I did succeed, then. So many, but not many enough.
And today, at this gathering of the modern Sangha-the Sangha that, surprisingly, has access to television and newspapers-so very few heard me, perhaps not more than I could count on my fingers. Is the Dhamma then lost?
Ananda sits beside me, he pretends to be asleep, but he ponders just like I do. What do I do now?
"Ananda," I whisper.
"Yes," he answers, without opening his eyes.
"What are your thoughts?"
"I fear the Dhamma is all but lost," he said, mirroring my own thoughts.
"Yes," I say. "I fear so too."
"What will you do?" he asks. His eyes are still closed. Then he opens them and turns to me.
"I was going to ask you that."
"You still need that platform of credibility, of authority, to speak from," he says. "But now we have to look elsewhere. The world-wide Sangha will not recognize you, much less endorse you."
"I know."
When Ananda leans back, closes his eyes again and says nothing more, I add, guised as suggestion, but I've already made up my mind. "I'm going back to school."
He turns to me again, "To study what?"
"I need that platform of credibility. I need a doctorate in Philosophy and in Religion."
"You're not going to find those at Cal Tech."
"I know."
"Where, then?"
"I'll complete my particle physics doctorate at Cal Tech, and then transfer to USC."
"They would be thrilled to have you, I'm sure."
"I know."
"I take it then that you plan to marry science, philosophy, and religion."
"Would that be a strong enough platform, do you think Ananda? Would that carry the weight of the Tathagata?"
"I don't know for certain, but I should think so."
"I should like to vanish for a while."
"What do you mean?"
"To lick my wounds."
He smiles, then leans back against the head rest again, closes his eyes. "You've deserved some peace," he says. Then says no more.
What other path could I take? None, that I can see. This world no longer sees. The Sangha no longer sees. I have to reach the world on its terms, in its language, I've always known that. The Bristlecone Pine told me as much, and Ananda just put it succinctly: I need to marry science, philosophy, and religion. I have to show them as one truth. I have to prove them as one truth. Then the world will listen.
:
Clare Downes decided not to air the Sri Lanka footage, which did not sit well with her producer. Not at all. Money down the bloody drain is what it was. Still, she stuck to her decision and guns. She could do a documentary about the monastery itself, but nothing about Ruth Marten. This was not good enough, and her producer made that very clear.
"It's that or nothing," Clare maintained.
Her producer finally saw that this was an argument that she could not win, and Clare was simply too valuable an asset to estrange, so she backed down. "Get back to work," she said.

Clare remained convinced that Ruth Marten was exactly who she said she was, for she had heard again-again in Sri Lanka-with her own ears, or whatever you'd call that which heard in that room of co-knowing. She could not quite understand why the Buddhist Sangha had not heard her as well, but that was not the issue here. The issue was to protect, and help Ruth Marten any way she could, and the first step along that road was to make sure that the footage of her Sangha address never saw the light of day.
Lars, bless his heart, agreed.



::42:: (Pasadena)

One year later almost to the day, Ruth Marten received her Cal Tech Doctorate in Particle Physics. Her thesis, which was a thorough elaboration of hers and Julian's EPROM experiment, exploring all physical ramifications of their findings, was hailed in science circles as something of a wonder.
And not only that, of course. Ruth Marten, at seventeen, was the youngest Doctor of anything that Cal Tech had ever graduated, and they were rather vocal about it.
Although there were some attempts to fan the Federico Alvarez incident back to life after her return from Sri Lanka, once she made it clear that she would neither react to allegations or insinuations, nor give any interviews, and once it was equally clear that Alvarez himself would also maintain silence (he was now on a self-imposed sabbatical), the media let go of the incident altogether. What little was said about Ruth Marten concerned the EPROM experiment, which finally seemed to be gaining some belated general traction as a story.
She had already been accepted by USC to attend three graduate programs: Western Philosophy, Contemporary Religion, and Traditional Theology. Her aim was a combined doctorate in Philosophy and Theology based on the three programs and one thesis. At first the admission committee had balked at her request, but after a word from Abbot White reminding them who she was, and that she already had a doctorate in Particle Physics-this girl is a genius, ladies and gentlemen-they saw the light and admitted her.
Over the next two years Ruth did little else but study. Not only did she attend all lectures and conferences but she also did additional research both in the extensive USC library and online via her Mortimer. Melissa, at times, was a little concerned, Ruth's focus was that intense, but Ananda would reassure her that all was fine, the Tathagata was on a mission, and needed these credentials to address the world on the world's terms. Ruth told her mother as much as well, and Melissa would again relax.
Both Abbot White and Clare Downes developed and maintained friendships with the Marten household and were often guests in the Pasadena house; often at the same time, so they came to know each other as well.
Julian Lawson and Kristina Medina were two other frequent guests, and often the house and guests would be drawn into long discussion about the current state of the world, its politics, its spiritual dearth, how to approach and wake it up. It was generally agreed that Ruth had chosen the correct course for a couple of reasons.
Firstly, the more time she put between herself and the embarrassing Alvarez debacle (as Ananda called it) the better. Let the world forget it completely.
Secondly, there was an almost insurmountable agreement not only in academia but on the street as well that no truth could possibly be observed and shared unless you had been properly educated. And properly mostly meant that you could attach "Ph.D." to your name. Short of that, you were more than likely a charlatan out to cash in on people's anxieties or inability to lose weight.
:
 Two years later, in June of 2029, Ruth now nineteen years old, her doctoral thesis entitled "Science, Philosophy, and Religion - Shared Ground, Shared Goal" (see Book Four: Thesis for the full transcript) was accepted by USC, and she was granted Doctorates in both Philosophy and Theology.
Her thesis was published in several journals, as well as a book, and was, by most readers and reviewers considered not only a work of art, but as a wake-up call.
:
That fall she was offered a professorial position at USC, to teach Contemporary Religions, a position she-after some deliberation, but on the advice of Ananda-accepted. She did however stipulate that she would be allowed to visit and lecture at other colleges, as long as she fulfilled her teaching requirement at USC of two graduate classes per semester. This was agreed.
:
By her twentieth birthday Ruth felt-and Ananda agreed-that she had finally established a stable and credible platform. She had won recognition in her fields, she had found her voice, and she could finally and truly embark upon her mission.
By now, the Alvarez incident was all but forgotten. When her name was mentioned, whether privately or in the media, it was always as that marvel of a girl, three doctorates and now teaching graduate courses at USC.
Yes, they all agreed, the rudiments were finally in place.

::

Appendix
What The Colombia-Borneo EPROM Experiment Revealed
by Ruth Marten
Cal Tech Department of Particle Physics



Life
Nothing exists but life.
Before the beginning there was life. Or, perhaps better put, there was a stillness, a spaceless and timeless nothing which nonetheless held the potential of life.
That potential is still here, it has gone nowhere. It has nowhere to do. Being nothing but still potential it cannot be killed, and existing outside of time it cannot expire.
Everything tangible in this Universe will one day expire; death will one day visit everything that exists (along with taxes, some say). Everything except this silent potential that will forever remain now.
One day the Universe will fold in on itself and then withdraw into this potential of nothingness. So it will one day return home.
The Buddha called this home, this ever-present potential, Nibbana.

Non-Locality
Over twenty-seven years ago, on April 11, 1999, in his Colombia-Borneo Laser Experiment, also known as the Parallel Laser Project, or the Polarity Change Confirmation Experiment, and officially named the Cal Tech Twin-Particle Polarity Experiment, Doctor Julian Lawson of the Cal Tech Department of Particle Physics proved-to the satisfaction of even the harshest scientific critic at the time-the existence and phenomenon of non-local communication between twinned subatomic particles, and so, once and for all settled Einstein's challenge to the Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen (EPR) thought experiment and paradox.
To fully appreciate the significance of both Doctor Lawson's experiment, and the recently successful Colombia-Borneo EPROM experiment (and bear with me here) you have to understand a little about quantum physics.
Therefore, a small, or not so small, detour.

Quantum Mechanics
Here's a fact: no one has ever seen an atom. They are simply too small even for the most powerful microscope man has ever made to detect.
How small is too small? Very. Consider this:
There are 2 sextillion oxygen atoms and 4 sextillion hydrogen atoms in a single drop of water. One sextillion is a number 1 followed by 23 zeros-thus: 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.
For a long time Science considered that the atom and its constituents, (the proton, neutron, and electron) were elementary particles, that they were the smallest particles in the universe, the basic building blocks. Atom, after all, is ancient Greek for "indivisible."
But, if we have never seen one, how do we know atoms exist? We study their effects. Every effect has a cause, and specific effects were observed that could only have been cause by an atom, constituted precisely the way we now understand them. That is how Niels Bohr, the Danish physics genius, mapped and discovered the workings of the hydrogen atom-a discovery that eventually earned him the 1922 Nobel Prize.
Not so long thereafter, however, we discovered that the atom was divisible after all, and we surmised the existence of subatomic particles and gave them names like quarks and photons. These are at least a thousand times smaller than the proton, and that would qualify as very very small.
And what do the quarks and photons consist of?
Some now say that the photon is an elementary particle, meaning that it does not consist of parts, cannot be divided. Well, that's what we thought about the atom as well.
We will eventually find a way to divide the photon as well, and when we finally cut through all this minutenesses to the very core, we will find that there is nothing there, only thought.
We will find that nothing exists but life.
But let us return to the strange (some would go so far as to say magical) world of the subatomic particle, the realm of photons and quarks. To the heart of quantum physics or quantum mechanics.
Although we have definitely detected (or unequivocally surmised) that these particles do exist, it is not a true statement to say that they always do.

To Be or Not to Be
To borrow a line from Shakespeare, we have "To Be" and we have "Not to Be." But in this realm we also have that thing in-between: "Maybe To Be."
For there is this odd, mysterious uncertainty at the heart of quantum nature that lies at the heart of nature itself, and this uncertainty is what that Albert Einstein fought for years (if unsuccessfully) to disprove: the apparent laws of quantum mechanics.
Most readers-if they have heard of quantum mechanics at all-will consider it an esoteric science without real-world applications. The truth begs to differ, for without quantum mechanics, and without the knowledge of how to use quantum mechanics, we would have no Mortimers, no cell phones, no mp6 players, no computers: these inventions and devices all rely on, and perform in accordance with, the properties of quantum mechanics.
Einstein's objections notwithstanding, quantum mechanics, as a mathematical description of the world, is the most successful scientific theory ever devised. No experiments have ever been made to disprove or contradict this theory.
And not only is the theory of quantum mechanics productive, it also forces us to confront the deeper issues of existence; in other words, it's not only a matter of a mathematical recipe for describing the world.
In fact, by now most scientists agree that quantum mechanics was a greater scientific evolution than the relativity theory. We see Einstein's gem as the 19th century's crowning achievement. We now see quantum mechanics as the 20th century's crowning achievement.
Simply stated, quantum mechanics is the theory of how the world behaves at a subatomic level.

No Longer Certain
We have all come to regard the physical universe, or nature, as being certain, dependable, and predictable. After all, that's what our physical laws-gravity and such-are all based on.
But when we enter the tiny quantum world this no longer holds true. Some would say that what happens inside an atom is just plain weird.

Einstein vs. Bohr
A good way to present quantum theory might be to tell the story of a battle. A battle between two of the greatest physicists of the 20th century: Albert Einstein and Niels Bohr.
Most of you have likely heard of Albert Einstein (if not, well, shame on you). Niels Bohr, on the other hand-who was also one of the giants of 20th century physics-is not a household name (so you're forgiven).
They were both hugely influential figures, Bohr and Einstein. They knew each other well, were fond of each other, and each respected the other deeply. But when it came to quantum mechanics, gloves would come off, for here they were at loggerheads. Here they fundamentally disagreed.
As one of Einstein's students would later put it, "As soon as quantum mechanics was brought up, sparks would fly. Einstein felt that certain aspects of quantum mechanics-the world according to quantum mechanics-didn't really make philosophical sense.
"Einstein believed that the world presented by quantum mechanics was too ugly to be true."

Predictable Nature
As mentioned, for centuries now, scientists have believed that the laws of nature hold firm, that knowing them makes nature predictable. In fact, some go so far as to say that if only we knew enough about the way the world worked, and if we could gather sufficient data, we would be able to predict the future down to the minutest detail.
For it seems obvious that nature is deterministic, that one thing determined another. One thing happens which causes another thing to happen. Hit a gong and a pleasant sound appears. Drop a ball and it bounces.
But quantum mechanics shattered that certainty. It upset people then and it still does now. And Einstein spent most of his life doubting it.
That said, Albert Einstein was, of course, himself an early pioneer of quantum theory. He was the one first to show that light exists as tiny quantum particles-photons. This was before he went on to become famous for his relativity theory: e=mc2 and all that.
Niels Bohr-who developed the theory of quantum mechanics along with Einstein and others-was to become its most prominent champion, while Einstein became its most famous doubter. Now, Einstein didn't out and out disagree with the theory-after all, he had helped develop it-but he thought the theory was incomplete, and was therefore saying the wrong things about the true nature of reality.
So, what does quantum theory say about the true nature of reality?
What is says is that there is a limit to what we can know about what goes on at nature's subatomic level. It also says that the universe seems to be run on chance, and that nothing is truly certain.
Which means what, exactly?

Two Gloves
To give you an idea of the difference between the ordinary (macro) world and the quantum (micro) world, imagine that inside a sealed box is an ordinary glove. Now, as gloves go, this glove is either left-handed or right-handed. The obvious way to find out which kind it is, is to have a look.
Opening the box we simply reveal to our senses what nature knew all along, it's a left-handed (or right-handed) glove. This is the nature that scientists and the rest of us are used to. Certainty.
But in the quantum world it's not quite as straightforward.
Imagine, instead, that inside the sealed box is a quantum (micro) glove that behaves in the same way as does a subatomic quantum particle. In this case, before we open this box (same as with the macro glove) we know that there is an equal chance that the glove could be left-handed or right-handed. We don't know which, yet, but only have to open the sealed box to find out.
But here's the crux: according to quantum theory not only do we not know which hand the micro glove will fit, it also says that neither does nature.
In fact, the theory goes on to state that on an elementary level the micro glove doesn't really exist one way or the other while the box is sealed; that it is in a ghostly state of in-between left- and right-handed; that it is only once we open the box and take a look (or measurement) that nature makes a choice and then manifests as one or the other.
In other words, in the quantum world-so says the theory-things are not as simple as to be or not to be, because until the subatomic particle (the micro glove) is observed, nature has not made up its mind one way or the other.
I am sure that you find this odd, and probably believe it not to be true. Well, you would be in very good company as Albert Einstein would be on your side. He just could not accept that nature was not certain.
And that is precisely what he was getting at when he said "God does not play dice."
As Einstein was wont to point out, fighting quantum mechanics and the idea that nature was uncertain: "If I'm not looking at the moon, does this mean the moon is not there?"
(The answer, truthfully speaking, is yes, that is what it does mean).
The thing that Einstein fundamentally hated about quantum mechanics was the element of uncertainty or what he termed indeterminism. This deeply offended his sense of an orderly universe that is fundamentally rational, and his belief that there should always be an ascertainable reason why things occur.
Einstein came down on the side of centuries' worth of scientists-going all the way back to ancient Greece-who all believed in a deterministic universe; who believed that things happen for a reason; who believed that the secrets of the universe were just waiting to be unlocked. You just have to have your wits about you and take a good look.
The same is true of most of us today. We are used to the fact that events always occur with well-defined causes. We may not know what the causes are, but if we investigate, and gather all relevant information, we rest assured that we can then determine why something happened.
Things don't occur spontaneously or arbitrarily, they don't occur for no reason, that was Einstein's view.

For No Reason
But in the quantum realm things do occur for no (apparent) reason. Generally speaking, from one moment to the next you don't know precisely what an atom or an electron is going to do.
Indeterminism or uncertainty is the central feature of quantum mechanics.
Einstein did not see eye to eye with that. He championed an "objective reality"-one where you could make a statement about the physical world independent of the way in which you observed it.
And that is where Bohr and Einstein disagreed, their crucial disagreement. Bohr would always maintain that the observer, and the way the quantum world was observed, was, if not the only, then at least a vital determining factor of what nature would now make up its mind to be.
Einstein's vigorous objections notwithstanding, the quantum theory was a huge success. Mysterious effects like radioactivity could be now understood (and harnessed), and new technologies like microelectronics were being born.
That is not to say that scientists liked what quantum theory said about the uncertainty of nature. In fact, many worried about that. But the theory worked, it produced results, whether you agreed with, or understood it, or not.
And to this day, scientists have no difficulties doing the mathematics of quantum mechanics-it all works just fine, but they still find it impossible to understand the full consequences of the theory, what-when all is said and done, at the core-does it really say about nature?
For it seems-contrary to all reason and common sense-that you have to assume one attitude, or outlook, toward small scale objects (the micro world of atoms and subatomic particles) and another when you work with large object (the macro part of nature).
So, that is what the working physicist did, viewed macro nature one way and micro nature another. No, it didn't really make philosophical sense, and there was always the question of what counts as small and what counts as big, and why do they work differently if big things are just made of lots of small things?
Bohr-perhaps less philosophically inclined than Einstein-arrived at the conclusion that you just have to accept that nature is odd. Quantum theory may not make sense but, look, you can't argue with its applicability and its success. The theory works, whether ugly or not.
And so, in the end, Bohr's view of quantum mechanics, which was to be known as "the Copenhagen interpretation," became the new orthodoxy of the nature of reality. Einstein grumbling and mumbling offstage.
Bohr thought of reality has having two perspectives, that reality contains two alternative dimensions.
And that is the Copenhagen interpretation: he postulated one reality at the microscopic level, where everything behaved like quantum mechanics said, that things were wavy and did not have definite positions or speeds; and then there was another reality at the macroscopic level, obeying classical physics where everything is definite and not so puzzling.
But as someone who constantly worried about what is really going on, like Einstein, could not let this go. He was determined to solve this apparent contradiction.
His problem, however, was that 1930's technology was not up to the job. There was no way to conclusively prove things at this level one way or the other.
So, instead of approaching the problem experimentally, Einstein and his colleagues set out to test nature in their heads to attempt to expose the flaws in Niels Bohr's philosophy.

The EPR Thought Experiment
Remember, we are dealing with intellectual giants here. These were theorists and thinkers that could create a mental universe with specific laws. A universe that would then behave according to these laws when subjected to postulated events and introduced variables.
But even in his elaborate thought universe of quantum mechanics, Einstein could not disprove Bohr's view, or improve upon the theory.
Let's take a look at the most famous of these thought experiments. It was devised and carried out by Einstein and two of his colleagues, Podolsky and Rose, and thus it has become known as the Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen (EPR) thought experiment.
It can be a little tricky to get your head around, but let's return to the quantum (micro) glove in the sealed box. So here, again, we have a glove inside a box. And again, imagine that this glove is a tiny quantum particle, only this time we have a pair of particles, and so we have another box, with another glove in it to make up this pair of quantum particles.
Now, we have yet to open either of the boxes or make any measurements of the gloves, so according to Niels Bohr, at this unobserved point, neither of these gloves knows whether it is left-handed or right-handed. They are, both of them, in a strange state of mixture of maybe left and maybe right-if indeed, they are at all.
Here it is important to add that while there are not many things we can know about these quantum particles with certainty, one thing we do know is this: like gloves, they have to come in pairs. But until observed, the pair remains in a strange unknown state.
"Okay," said Einstein, "I don't believe it, but just suppose it were true, if I open one of these boxes, we will then force nature to make a decision."
Now, because the gloves-just like the quantum particles-must be a pair, if you discover, upon opening one of the boxes that it is a left-handed glove (particle), the other glove must instantly be(come) the opposite, i.e., right-handed.
In the quantum world left or right translates into polarity: positive or negative, or into which way the particle spins, clockwise or anti-clockwise. If one of the pair is one way, the other one has to be the other way. This has be experimentally proven (without a single deviation) for so long that it is accepted as a natural truth.
But here's the big question: How does the right-handed glove (inside its unopened box) know when we open the left-handed box, and so make sure to be its opposite (inside the still unopened box)?
The gloves obviously communicate one way or another. But this cannot be via messages, because, according to Einstein's theory of relativity, a message cannot travel faster than the speed of light-while the other of the pair instantly adjusts to be the opposite of its observed twin.
(This is what Doctor Lawson conclusively proved in April of 1999).
Also, were we to open the boxes at exactly the same moment, there would be no time for the message to travel. And still, the particles would be each other's opposite.
This, as one scientist put it, "is instantaneous action at a distance, and modern physics, because of Einstein's own theory of relativity, does not allow for that, because things-even if travelling at the speed of light-has to take time.
"That is why Einstein said that if you believe quantum mechanics like it is normally understood, then you also believe something that is inconsistent with special relativity, and that just looks wrong."

Moving On
The (failed) EPR thought experiment was Einstein's last and best challenge to the quantum theory, and after 1935 he moved on to other things. Still, he remained unconvinced about Bohr's quantum theory for the rest of his life, despite Bohr's efforts to sway him otherwise.
Actually it really bothered Bohr that he could never convince Einstein, it was a real aggravation to him. Some even say that Bohr felt that he had failed because he could not convince Einstein.
Still, as the quantum theory was refined it became more and more successful, and despite its philosophical difficulties most scientists just got on and used it in their work.
This thought experiment was to remain a thought experiment for decades since there was no way to experimentally prove it one way or another, but in the 1960s, John Bell, a physicist from Northern Ireland, moved things on by turning the EPR thought experiment into something that could be practically tested.
And after a few years of refinement, and allowing for lab technology to catch up and be ready for the task, the EPR thought experiment was carried out in the real world.

The Geneva Experiment
This was finally done over a tiny distance by a French team led by Alain Aspect in the early 1980s. The result proved Bohr's assumption. The observation of one particle did indeed cause the instant "opposition" of the other.
Still, this was not convincing enough for the large majority of the scientific community.
So, we fast forward to 1997, when a team at the University of Geneva lead by Nicolas Gisin attempted the experiment on a much large scale. They wanted to demonstrate that a pair of quantum particles actually do have this strange, unexplainable connection, but this time across a whole city.
For this experiment they first had to create a pair of quantum particles: a pair of photons, particles of light. And like gloves, one photon must be the opposite of the other. The key was to separate them by ten kilometers and then measure them at exactly the same moment.
Timed correctly-and being Swiss they had the clocking thing down-there would then be no time for a message to pass between the photons, even at ten times the speed of light.
In this experiment they first isolated one photon and then aimed it at a non-linear crystal dividing into two twin photons. These two twin-photons would then, together, form one system, one quantum system.
One of these twin-photos was then sent down one fiber strand to travel about five kilometers to the south, the other twin-photon was sent down another strand of fiber to travel five kilometers to the north, and then, ten kilometers apart, the measurement was made at the exact same time.
Said Nicolas Gisin in a subsequent interview, "Measuring the northbound photon forced it to assume a measurable property, with the effect that instantaneously-in theory, and certainly faster than light in practice-the southbound photon acquired the opposite property-every time.
"The output on one side was always completely random, the outcome on the other side was also always completely random, however, the two outcomes were always opposite. Always. Always."
Not only did the researchers not know which photon had which property, but according quantum theory, and well confirmed by the experiment, the photons themselves did not know until one of the twins was measured.
In some sense nature itself does not know what it is until viewed by life.
Bohr 1 - Einstein 0.
So, nature, if you will, at the subatomic level is, as I've pointed out, just plain weird. Until someone makes a measurement, two photons can exist in a tangled-up state, both being and not being at the same time; this entangled pair of photons are somehow connected across vast distances and this property still holds. According to quantum mechanics it would hold true across galaxies, it's more difficult to test, but it's quite a fascinating (and correct) prediction.
But that doesn't mean that science ever understood what was going on here, not really. Both philosophers and physicists have tried to make sense out of this paradox ever since.

Non-Local Communication
What is occurring between these two twins has been termed non-local communication.
What exactly is it? The short answer is: It is the instant exchange of information between particles.
A longer answer would be: It is the instant exchange of information that by virtue of not being local (where local is defined as place consisting of space and time) and so not occupying time at all, indeed takes zero time to exchange.
In non-local communication, there is no particle exchange involved. There cannot be. There is no message traversing distance. There is simply a shared knowing, one particle to another, which-regardless of physical distance between them-does not take a thousandth, nor a millionth, nor a billionth of a second, nor a trillionth or a trillionth of a trillionth of a second, but is truly instant.
Much should have been made about the 1997 Geneva experiment; and even more should have been made of Doctor Lawson's April 1999 experiment-which showed, on an incontrovertible scale, that non-local communication did indeed exist.
Yes, much should have been made about these experiments, but other matters occupied the world, and apart from brief mentions on pages three and four, or in the science section of the broadcast, if there was one, the spectacular outcome of Doctor Lawson's proof was hardly heeded at all outside of the scientific community-which did, as mentioned above, by and large, accept the findings.

What Does Non-Local Consist Of?
Once non-local communication had been establish as reality, many particle physicists (and an almost equal number of philosophers), naturally raised the question: How is this even possible? How can communication not travel? How can it be instant?
In fact, ever since his successful 1999 experiment Doctor Lawson has worked tirelessly to answer that question. In 2024 I was invited to study with him, and learn from him, and over the next few years I grew increasingly familiar with the constituent and underlying principles of what he was trying to show.
Which was that subatomic particles react to life. In fact, we had no way of establishing whether particles even existed when not observed. For to ascertain this one would have to observe, and-well, there went the premise of the experiment.
So how do you observe life when it's not observed?
It is like looking for fairies.
Fairies-by fable and tradition-will never show themselves to anyone looking for them. But in order to catch a glimpse of them, you have to be on the lookout for them, or you'll miss them, guaranteed. So, how do you look for them without looking for them. Without announcing your intentions? You don't. That's the bottom line, and is also why people as a rule don't see fairies.
Those so do see fairies are apparently very lucky-or quite magical.
One approach we took was to attempt to "fake out" nature by masking the fact that we were indeed looking.

We're Not Looking
This was attempted by repeating the Colombia-Borneo experiment, but instead of monitoring the directly, we sent the lasers' measurement data via so many relays (in this case a large number of communications satellites) that (so we hoped) nature would lose track and not realize that at the very end of the string of relays there would be a human eye.
No such luck. Nature is not easily fooled.

Agreements
Considering this one night I remembered-and how come I remembered is part of this story, but more of that later-that nature sprung into being on the back of a string of agreements, agreed upon by life to constitute the basic laws of physics, at least of classical physics-to become the laws of the macro world.
There were agreements made in the micro world as well, but these are by no means as firm, and (as discovered by Doctor Lawson and others) depend in large measure upon interaction with life.
One level of agreement, however, allowed nature to revise history electrically. This was demonstrated by recording the state of a photon from point of ejection to point of observation, only to find that the moment it was observed, the entire trajectory showed a certain polarity from the outset, even though we know that this polarity was indeed undecided for a time-up to the point of observation.
Another agreement, the one I remembered, and the one that allowed the EPROM experiment to succeed, in essence resulted in the fact that nature cannot revise history as recorded on what we call EPROMs.

RAM vs. EPROM
Comparing RAM with EPROM we find that RAM can be revised with the manipulation of electricity, and this nature knows how to do. To revise an EPROM, however, requires a generous helping of ultra-violet light which, if not supplied, cannot be manufactured by nature on the fly, and so, any data recorded up the point of observation cannot be altered once observation has taken place and nature has made up its mind what properties to exhibit.

The EPROM Experiment
The EPROM experiment was in fact a modified version of the Colombia-Borneo Experiment with the flight path of one of the photons recorded both on EPROM and on RAM.
Once observed, the RAM (by nature's version of revisionist history) recorded that both the particle itself and the observed polarity had existed since the firing of the particle.
The EPROM, on the other hand, showed an initial burst of particle (recorded as such since life was indeed aware of firing it, but the polarity was not certain, no data). Then the EPROM recorded nothing at all until the particle was observed by Doctor Lawson and myself after eight seconds of travel, at which point the EPROM path began to record the particle properties as it progressed first to and then beyond the Borneo laser and out into space for several more second.
The important finding is that between the flash of particle firing, and up until the point of our observation eight seconds later: there was no particle there. Not a trace.
This bears repeating: There was no particle there.
Life, by looking, coaxed it not only into a particular state such as speed, location, and polarity; but life, by looking, coaxed the particle from non-existence into existence.

Experiment Validated
This experiment is not a one-off fluke. Not only did Doctor Lawson and I run this experiment a total of twelve times-four on the initial day, and eight more times a few days later-but four international teams have replicated the experiment and attested to its veracity.
These four teams were from UCLA in Los Angeles, MIT in Massachusetts; QUT (Queensland University of Technology) in Brisbane, Australia; and KTH (Royal Institute of Technology) in Stockholm, Sweden.
All four ran a series of twelve tests, and each single test replicated ours and confirmed our findings.
The fact that life "exists" (using this word as transitive verb for a change) these particles into being by observing them is no longer theory, it is a proven fact.
Until life looked (expecting to see something) there was nothing there. The moment life looked the nothing instantly became a something.
Fact.

Who Am I?
I mentioned that I remembered the sequence of agreements that allowed the EPROM to record the truth of the particle vs. life in such a way that the particle could not revise its history. How could I remember such a things?
As I said at the beginning of this paper, there is nothing but life. We are all nothing but life.
Those who have woken up to this fact are called Buddhas.
Those who have notions of this fact are called artists.
Those who see none of these facts are the public at large.
I am awake.

::

About the Author


Raised in Northern Sweden (by trolls), Ulf Wolf is now California-based.

To date he has written eight novels, four novellas, and fifty odd short stories. More is underway.

For more about this particular wolf, visit http://ulfwolf.com.

Also, you can contact him at ulfwolf at gmail dot com.

Other books by Ulf Wolf (and also available at Smashwords):

Tath?gata - A Four Volume Novel
The Faces of Harriet Brown - a Novel
He Fell Through Clouds - a Novel
Storm - a Novel
The Katha Upanishad - a Novel
Love Thyself Last - a Novel
Flannery's Bear - a Novella
Only The Albatross Remembers - a Novella
Boil a Manchild for Odin - a Novella
Seven True Lies - a Seven Story Collection
Two Dark Truths - a Two Story Collection


