Tathagata
Book Three: Teacher


Ulf Wolf

Smashwords Edition
November 2012

Copyright


Tathagata  Book Three: Teacher
Copyright 2012 by Wolfstuff


All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
Tathgata 


Smashwords License Notes


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




::1:: (USC)

USCs Taper Hall was standing room only, and a densely packed expectancy not only filled every available seat, but also lined the walls, while others sat in the center aisle.
It was the fourth of January, a Friday, and this was the enigmatic Ruth Martens first lecture since accepting her teaching position at USC.
At Ruths insistence, first row seats had been reserved for both Melissa and Ananda, and they were now settling in. Ananda, somehow both looking, and not at all looking his age, leaned back and closed his eyes. He could hear Melissa take her seat next to him and then turn and draw breath to say something, then changing her mind, perhaps because his eyes were closed. They were closed quite often these days, signaling to the surrounding world his wish for privacy, something the world seemed to both respect and grant, age bordering on antiquity commanding this.
The anticipation of the room was palpable. The sometimes chatter sometimes murmur sometimes almost roar rose and faded like long, sometimes loudly sometimes softly crashing waves. Ananda took several slow breaths, wishing the Tathagata well in her endeavor. The Tathagata did not reply directly, but nonetheless acknowledged him with an immaterial smile, which made Ananda smile in turn. He opened his eyes. Melissa must have noticed.
Im sure shell do fine, she said. But it was a question.
She will say or do nothing unwise, said Ananda.
Thats not what I meant, she said. Then, after brief reflection, Actually, that is probably what I meant.
She has promised to tread watchfully. All she wants to do is gain trust, earn the worlds ear.
Thats how she put it to me as well.
Then, as Ruth now appeared, wearing jeans and a loose sweater, the susurrus of the hall dimmed, then faded altogether. Melissas daughter, the Tathagata, stepped up to the podium, and tapped the two little microphones to test the sound. The taps filled the room, and she seemed satisfied that all was in order. On some cue or other that Ananda did not catch, the light in the hall dimmed as well, and a faint spotlight highlighted Ruths intensely black hair, as she grasped the edges of the podium with her hands and surveyed the audience.
Ananda closed his eyes the better to hear.
Ruth did not speak for some time, and then did not speak again, and then she said:
Stillness.
Hearing that one word, Ananda expected the Tathagata to now fill the room with her own stillnesssomething he had already advised against, just in case there were those in the audience receptive to it, and who might then, from either surprise or overwhelm, cause a distractionbut she didnt.
Instead she waited until every ear in the hall sat silent, waiting for the second drop of rain to fall.
Then it fell, along with others.
There is a placeobscured by rush and tumble most of the time, for most of uswhere whispers can be heard.
There is a place where the stillness speaks, if only we are brave enough, and persistent enough, and strong, and awake enough to listen.
The odd thing, or perhaps not so odd. Perhaps it is a wonderful thing that this place is not tied to any one religion. That this place bows to no man-made view.
As each of you know, every religion, every philosophy even, has seen its share of mystics. Has seen its many travelers of the path less trodden. Its many seekers not content with dogmathinkers who instinctively knew that personal experience is the only foundation from which to judge, to know truth.
She paused. Ananda opened his eyes. Ruth was surveying her audience, looking out across the hall, taking everyone in. Considering them. Seemingly satisfied that she was reaching them, she continued.
And what is a mystic? If you pull the etymological string all the way you find that in early Greece a mystes was one who had been initiated, mystes in turn grew from myein which meant to shut ones eyes in the odd sense that those who were not initiated had to shut their eyes as they could not witness secret rites.
Up through history, however, the word mystic has come to signify a person who seeks direct experience of the absolute or ultimate, and who also, incidentally, believes that full comprehension of the deepest truths lie beyond the intellect.
Plotinus, the Neoplatonic Roman philosopher of the third century, qualifies nicely.
He saw us belonging to two worlds, both to that of the senses and to that of pure intuitive discernment, beyond the senses.
He considered the material universe the cause of all ills and held that the true object of life should be to escape the material world of the senses by abandoning all earthly interests for those of meditation, and so, by mental purification and by the exercise of thought, gradually arrive at complete and ecstatic union with the Onethat is, in his words, Goda divine ecstasy he reported to have experienced on several occasions.
So convincing was Plotinus in his talks that may of his listeners gave their fortunes to the poor, set their slaves free, and devoted themselves to lives of study and ascetic piety.
What he said certainly resonated.
Ruth paused again, and again surveyed the room. Again, Ananda opened his eyes and looked around as well. The only sound to be heard was the soft hum of either a fan or a distant air conditioner, Ananda couldnt tell which. The audience was all stillrapt, gripped by her words, waiting for the next. He smiled to himself, and also in Ruths direction: she was doing just fine. She agreed. Then continued.
Plotinus suggested that you withdraw into yourself and look, and if you dont like what you see, thenand Im paraphrasingjust like a sculptor of a beautiful statue-to-be will cut away here and smooth the stone there, just like this sculptor will make this line a little lighter, this other a little purer, until he has unearthed a lovely face, so should you cut away all that is excessive, straighten all that is crooked, bring light to all that is overcast, labor to make all of you one glow of beauty and never cease chiseling your statue until there shall shine out from it the godlike splendor of virtue, until you see the perfect goodness surely established in the stainless shrine.
Nicely put, I think.
Again, she paused.
Then she said, This kind of seeing, this kind of sculpting has one major requirement. That requirement is stillness.
She let that sink in before continuing, Plotinus also held that we are all beautiful when we are true to our own being, when we know ourselves. In self-ignorance, he added, we are ugly.
Plotinus, as you know, was a Roman Philosopher and only one of a small army of mystics to rise through the ages from many a tradition and discipline including Hinduism, Zen, Sufism, the Bah Faith, Rosicrucianism, and Catholicism, to name a few.
And all, if you really listen to what they say, seeking that internal stillness that fosters a clear and deep look at what is truly happening here.
Another good example was Saint John of The Cross. As you may well know, he was a Spanish mystic and poet born in 1542 who became a Carmelite monk in 1563 and then ordained as a priest in 1567.
In 1568 he opened the first monastery of the Discalced Carmelites, which order emphasized a life of contemplation and austerity. This approach, however, did not sit too well with the powers in Rome and led to his imprisonment during 1576 and 1577though, as fate would have it, it was in prison he was to compose his finest work.
The theme of much of his poetry explores the reconciliation of human beings with God through a series of mystical steps that begin with self-communion and renunciation of the distractions of the world.
The wonderful poetical achievement of St. John of the Cross lies in his combining the non-rationalas in beyond the intellectthe non-rational longings of mysticism with the theological and philosophical precepts established by St. Thomas Aquinas.
The soul, he said, that is attached to anything however much good there may be in it, will not arrive at the liberty of divine union. For whether it be a strong wire rope or a slender and delicate thread that holds the bird, it matters not, if it really holds it fast; for, until the cord be broken the bird cannot fly.
Another quote from this small man with so vast a heart, If you purify your soul of attachment to and desire for things, you will understand them spiritually. If you deny your appetite for them, you will enjoy their truth, understanding what is certain in them. And, It is great wisdom to know how to be silent.
If you were none the wiser you could easily close your eyes and open your ears and not know whether I was quoting the Buddha, or Plotinus, or even Rumi, who once said, Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
Rumi also said, Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing there is a field. I'll meet you there. When the soul lies down in that grass the world is too full to talk about.
And he said, I am a bird of the heavenly garden, I belong not to the earthly sphere. They have made for two or three days a cage of my body.
Again, as many of you may already know, Rumi, or Jalal al-Din Rum, was born in 1207 in what is now Afghanistan and, again as you probably know, is best known as a Sufi-inspired poet. In his youth he traveled here and there with his family eventually to settle in Konya, in what is now Turkey. In 1244 he accepted the friendship and religious guidance of Shams al-Din, a dervishwhich is what we sometimes call the devotees Sufismfrom Tabrz, Iran. To say that Rumi fell in spiritual love with his master would be to put it mildly, for Rumi set out to devote his life to creating poetry expressing his feelings for Shams al-Din.
In1247, however, Shams al-Din simplyand tracelesslydisappears. Over the next many years Rumi composed nearly 30,000 verses expressing his feelings at this loss.
Later spiritual friendships again inspired his poetry, notably the mid-13th Century epic poem Masnavi-ye Manavi, which has had an enormous influence on both Islamic literature and thought.
The real point I make here is that someone who can say What you seek is seeking you, or Sit, be still, and listen, knows and appreciates the same stillness as all true mystics do, although, I must confess, Rumi does this slightly more ecstatically than others, and cant seem to stop dancing.
Ruth paused again, and helped herself to a swallow of water, then to another one. She softly replaced the glass. Looking back out over the stillness that was her audience, she continued:
Mystics will, and do, rise from any discipline, whether religious, philosophical, poetic, or even musical.
Take Bach. Id venture to say that the stillness he found to create the Air on a G String held much about what truly matters.
Or take the Second Movement of Beethovens Pathetique Piano Sonata, or many of his String Quartets for that matter, I think unearthly goes a fair way to describe the sheer beauty of his music. Whoever said Beethoven was a wild man did not really know him. Nor the stillness he knew.
In this stillness all things are simple. Things only grow complex when we try to capture this stillness in words which then as often as not collide with not only our own conceit and opinions but conflicting conceit and opinions as well and then with the wars fought about these opinions and all of a sudden you find yourself immersed in the most complex edifice you could ever wish for, blinded and hurt, and, of course, none the wiser.
Many of those who experience this stillness consider it futile to try to convey it, and so say nothing. Lao Tsu is reported to have tried to leave the city for a private wilderness without saying a word, and had it not been for the guard at the gate recognizing the philosopher and entreating him to write down this stillness as best he could, we would not have the Tao Te Ching today.
Even the Buddha, upon awakening, seriously considered saying nothingfeeling, we hear, as do many of those who swim these waters, the experience too deep to convey, too unfathomable to explain.
Legend has it that we owe his teachings and the Pali Canon to Brahma Sahampati, the deva who descended and then twisted Gotama Siddhatthas arm into sharing his insight, which he then spent the remainder of his life doing.
Here she paused again for another sip of water. And a second one. Then she said, quite emphatically:
This stillness is not imaginary.
Another long stillness. It was as even the fan had stopped to listen. Ananda could hear no sound. The room, and all beings and things in it, holding its breath.
This stillness is the most real thing there is. There is no thing realer. It is also the most easily buried and lost thing there is.
Then she said no more.
Until she said, Any questions?
It took the class a few moments to realize that she was done, and another few moments to collect themselves sufficiently to consider questions to ask. Meanwhile, this was the cue to raise the lights again.
Ananda turned to his right to see a young girl negotiate her way through those who sat in the aisle and then step up to the microphone now in place for this very purpose. The question should have come as no surprise, not really.
And that question was: Im sorry, but I have to ask. Are you the Buddha?
If Ruth was surprised at the question, she did not show it. Instead she smiled and said, Ah, the folly of youth.
What? said the young girl, slightly offended.
Oh. No, not you, said Ruth. No, Im referring to me. The folly of my youth.
The girl relaxed noticeably. So, youre not?
Does it matter? said Ruth.
Of course it does, said the girl.
I beg to differ, said Ruth. Your stillness, my stillness. Both nameless.
That answer hit some sort of mark, for Ananda noticed the young girl swallowonce unsuccessfully, once successfully, then smile, before she cleared her throat and said, I see. Yes.
A small line of students had now formed behind the girl, each with a question or two for Ruth. The girl thanked Ruth and stepped aside, letting the next person, a young man, perhaps twenty-five and with very long hair, up to the microphone.
Youve got quite a reputation, of course, he said. When Ruth didnt answer, he continued. Why is it that yousince you are a famous particle physicistwent on to doctor in Theology and Philosophy here at USC instead of continuing your research at Cal Tech or at some other such research facility. Like the CERN facility in Geneva.
Have you read my dissertation? asked Ruth.
Yes, as a matter of fact, he replied, making sure this fact was clearly heard by one and all.
Then you already know the answer, said Ruth.
This stillness you talk about, theres no such stillness in particle physics, is there?
There isnt? said Ruth, feigning surprise, but not so hard as to offend the young man, which Ananda saw as a nice touch.
There is? he said.
There is, said Ruth.
The young man struck Ananda as someone who had more to ask but who now had lost his train of thought, and insteadafter some uncertain movement and a look around the hallthanked Ruth and gave way to the next student in line.
How do we find this stillness? she asked.
Ah, said Ruth. Thats for another lecture.
Seriously? said the student.
Seriously.
Then, looking around the hall, the girl seemed to gather the strength to then say, What if we cant wait? Which brought some laughs and many smiles.
Patience, said Ruth, is so important that lacking it, you will never find the stillness.
Ah, said the student, and stepped aside without thanking Ruth.
One more, said Ruth.
An older lady stepped up to the microphone and adjusted it a littleshe was very tall. Is it meditation that will lead us there? To the stillness, I mean?
Yes, it is, said Ruth. That and other things.
What other things?
Again, that is for another lecture, said Ruth.
I see, said the lady. Thank you.
:
This much anticipated opening lecture was filmed not only by the college but by some students as well (who had secured permission both from the school and from Ruthwho in fact insisted on allowing her students to make any records theyd choose of her lectures), and soon the lecture was posted in full on the Internet and also made available through Mortimers worldwide.
Ananda could not have been more pleased. Ruth had selected wisely from the many choices he had helped her select from the almost unlimited ones available. She had made light of the Buddha question, andpartially by her presence, and partially by the contentraised a fair amount of healthy interest in the stillness she has come to share.

Over the next few days the several video recordings of the lecture went what Ananda soon learned was called viralmeaning that first thousands, then millions of people on the Internet saw the lecture, and as they told others about it, the number kept exploding in size.
Ruth seemed happy enough about it, and she had reason to be. Ananda could not help feeling a little uneasy, though. Was it going viral for the right reasons? Was this much attention good or bad for her mission?
The more the merrier, Ruth suggested.
I hope youre right.
I hope so, too, said Melissa.
Oh, you two, said Ruth.



::2:: (USC)

While Melissa did not attend all of her daughters lectures, Ananda made it a firm rule to be on hand every time, if for no other reason, he told her, than to keep her honest, and from doing something unwise.
After a brief cycle of lectures about the various world religions that was well received by both students and faculty (who increasingly had taken to attending Ruth Martens lectures as well, absent scheduling conflicts), later that spring Ruth returned to the subject of stillness.
Melissa was not on hand for this, but Clare Downes was, and was seated next to Ananda. Surveying the room, before the light dimmed, Ananda saw the now familiar class filling the hall, along with not a few facultysome of whom he now recognized. He also noted three men by the door, slightly aside from the rest, who, for some reason he could not put his finger on, appeared to him sinister, perhaps because they seemed to make an effort not to.
The light dimmed.
Again, she opened the lecture with that one word that had caught the entire halls attention in her opening lecture, and now did so anew:
Stillness.
Once voiced, she watched it settle on her audience, deeply.
The consumer world of today would have you believe that there is no such thing as true stillness, or that if there indeed were such a thing, it certainly would have nothing to do with happiness.
On the contrary, look around you in any store, watch any commercial, any advertisement,  take in any billboard, you are being told, loudly, colorfully, and cleverly, that one, she held up a finger, you are not happy. Two, a second finger, that being unhappythat is to say, unsupplied with this particular item, whatever it is, a television set, a new computer, a two-pound steak the way only we can make itis utterly unnecessary, not to mention uncool. And three, a third finger, itll hardly cost you anything, for we not only finance but will give you zero payments for the first twelve months.
Again, she looked around the room. Smiled at Ananda and at Clare. Does it sound familiar? she asked the class.
Murmurs of agreement.
We are told again and again, in guises more varied than you can easily spot, that happiness depends on consumption, that consumption breeds happiness, that they in fact are synonymous. Happiness is consumption.
Yet, this happiness of eating, drinking, acquiring, consuming, is at best fleeting, and at worst, a disaster, something you could not afford, and which not only didnt make you happy but also exceeded your budget and gave you heartburn, to boot, perhaps even an expensive doctors visit to top it off.
What you get when you buy happiness this way is basically a ton of garbage to effectively muffle, conceal, and even drown your true happiness, your stillness.
Ananda felt more than saw heads nodding at this, yes, they were tracking with her nicely, she made her point well.
We are over-consumers to an obscene degree, said Ruth. In fact, one of the saddest elements of this consumption society is that while almost half of the worlds population goes hungry, here in the western, developed world we have to advertise food, and stage sales, to get rid of it. Obesity is a scourge, a runaway epidemic, while emaciation is the balancing act performed by much of Africa and now Asia as well, especially after these many and terrible drought-years.
How much goods can you accumulate? Check your garage, or check your parents garage. Notice how there is no longer room for a car, even in a two-or three-car garage. And what doesnt fit in the garage, has now been carted off to some nearby storage facility.
These are things you dont use but tell yourself you may need someday. Well, you never needed them in the first place and would have realized as much had you stopped to consider it before you gulped them down.
The stillness is still there, but now is buried under a mountain of acquired but unnecessary things. And not only under a mountain of things, more and more these days, also under a flood of prescription drugs, coming, as you know, in all manner of shapes and for all manner of purposes. Theyll calm you down, theyll put you to sleep, theyll make you happyyes, if youd care to look, or reflect, youll see that this is one of the most repeated pharmaceutical slogans today: We will make you happy.
Happiness for all those who may, in their heart of hearts, suspect that things cannot make you happy, and now feel depressed about it. One pill, three times a day, they promise, will fix this nicely. Consult your doctor. Hell be only too happy to help.
And, yes, for the first day, or week, it seems to work, until the side-effects of this new pill breaks you out in hives or make you unable to sleep or relax, calling for more drugs that will help you in that direction, which, of course, have their own side-effects and which may or may not mix at all well with drugs already in the systemall the while the stillness is not only forgotten but so obscured as to be impossible to sense or find.
I view the pharmaceutical epidemic as just that, a threat to true happiness as insidious and as real as obesity and over-consumption. We in the Western world are burying ourselves alive, we are doing all we can to kill the unkillable, and were doing a pretty good job of it.
Her voice, over the last sentences, had risen to almost a shout. So when she said nothing more, the silence was palpable.
But in this silence Ananda heard something that made him turn his head. It was the soft murmur between the three men by the door, one of whom was filming Ruths lecturean unlikely candidate for that, is what Ananda thought. The words whispered back and forth held agitation, an urgency, reinforcing Anandas uneasy feeling about them.
He tapped Clares shoulder and looked back at the men. Who do you make of them? he whispered.
Clare turned. Took them in. Turned back to Ananda, but before she could speak, Ruth said, Man for man, woman for woman, we were happier two hundred years ago, with far less product to consume. With far fewerif anydrugs to suffocate the stillness.
Then she paused again, and Clare looked back over her shoulder at the three men. Agents of some sort, she said.
Agents? Anandas whisper was too loud, more like a soft shout. Ruth even looked in his direction.
Ive learned to spot them, said Clare. It comes with my professional territory. Thats either CIA or FBI or some other Internal Security Outfit.
Government agents? Ananda clarified, as Ruth said:
If we are ever to return to, or find, true happiness, we need to join ranks with the mystics and learn to renounce this avalanche of product. We must learn to live simpler lives that do not require drugs to get us up in the morning, and drugs to tuck us in at night.
The stillness cannot die, cannot be killed, no matter how much you may have been convinced that it can. It is still there, within each and every one of you, intact, alight. But you need to slow down, you need to still the avarice that drives you to consume, you need to take a trip out to the ocean, or over to the mountains and listen to nature for a while, and know that this is what nature sounded like a hundred years ago, a thousand, a million years ago, unperturbed though a little sad to see the folly of man, the supposed rulers of the earth.
If you allow it, your inner stillness will shake its shackles, will displace even mountains, and rise to prominence once again. Nowhere else will you find true happiness.
After another brief survey of her class, she ended in her usual way: Questions?
Even before the lights undimmed the line had formed. Many questions. Ananda knew that she had touched a nerve, and at just the right timeconsidering the lectures she had given them to date. This was the precise thing to convey.
Turning to the line of students, Ananda also caught the last of the three men leaving the hall, apparently in a hurry. He tapped Clares arm again, and she turned. But they had gone.
Are you sure? said Ananda. Government agents?
Positive, said Clare.
:
Its not so much what she says. From what I can gather theres really nothing new there, but its how she says it. The kids, and the adults as well, lap it up and in, they take it as gospel. Ive never seen kids listen so hard. Agent Roth was back at his car, cell phone stuck between cheek and shoulder while he was opening the driver-side door. Fisk and Johnson were heading for their car a few rows over.
Fisk looked back, gave Roth a see-you-back-at-the-office wave. Roth waved back in the affirmative.
What do you mean, how she says it? Anderson, his direct report at the other end of the line, spoke with a southern accent, Texan through and through, and proud of it.
She is, well, spellbinding, said Roth.
Spellbinding?
Yes.
As in sorcery?
Now that you mention it, said Roth.
Get your ass in here, said Anderson. Not kindly. Not unkindly.
:
Filing out of the hall with the rest of the audience, Ananda discerned more than one whisper of The Buddha among the young men and women surrounding him. He looked over at Clare to see if she noticed as well, but she seemed wrapped in her own thoughts.
Another phrase caught Anandas ear, and more than once. It was Messenger.
:
Ruths office, in stark contrast to other staff offices on both sides of hers, was free of clutter to an almost sterile degree. Pristine is the word that always occurred to Ananda.
Ruth, who greeted them standing, now sat down behind her desk, and motioned with her hand for Ananda and Clare to pick a chair eachthere were four or five to choose from, to accommodate small informal student conferences.
Wow, said Clare. You really have their ear.
Ruth smiled and nodded. Looked over at Ananda. Yes, its going well.
There were many adults in the audience as well, Clare observed.
The faculty, said Ananda.
Curious at first, said Ruth. Now quite sincere. Interested.
It may be going a little too well, said Ananda.
Clare seemed to know what he was referring to, but Ruth did not. Always one to worry, Ruth said. What do you mean, Ananda?
There were government agents in the back this time.
Her smile faded and Ruth took a long hard look at Ananda. Then over at Clare. Asked her, Were they?
No question, said Clare.
Should I worry, or leave that to Ananda? she said.
I think, began Clare, and then looked over at Ananda as if to garner agreement. Ananda nodded slowly.
I think, said Clare again, then followed it with: that you should not not worry.
Meaning? said Ruth.
Meaning, government agents do not normally monitor university lecturers. They are here for a reason, Ruth, and that is a cause for worry.
I guess you dont disagree, said Ruth to Ananda.
This is not a joke, said Ananda.
I didnt mean for it to be.
You are attracting an awful lot of attention, said Ananda. Then added, Again.
I have a job to do, said Ruth.
I know that.
Have you been stepping on any toes? asked Clare.
Toes? Ruth and Ananda spoke in near-unison.
Yes. These people usually dont show up unless someones right, or territory, has been violated, or infringed upon.
Ruth and Ananda exchanged searching glances. No, said Ruth. I dont think I have stepped on any toes.
Well, youve earned someones official interest, said Clare. Then added, And thats not necessarily a good thing.



::3::

A decade or so before he was recruited by the FBIhe had just turned twelve at the timeGeorge Roth became a celebrity, at least in some circles, when he discovered and reported a supernova in the constellation of Orion.
At eight, he had decided he would be an astronomer when he grew up. At nine, with his interest in stars not abating, his parents (who were pretty sure that astronomy was not a well-paid occupation, if indeed it provided work at all) grew concerned.
At ten, after many subtle, then not-so-subtle attempts to dissuade him from his chosen stellar path, his parents finally humored him and helped pay for a used Meade, 12 telescope, which George would carry up to the roof of his suburban apartment house any night that wasor might provefree of clouds.
At eleven he grew what his parents would refer to as obsessed with supernovae and began to scan the skies for them.
A supernova, should you be lucky enough to have your telescope trained in that direction (though distance will, of course, have bearing on its brightnessone spectacular supernova in 1604, for example, made a star so bright it was visible during the day for over three weeks), will simply appear as a bright though short-lived star among the endless sea of permanent stars in the skies. And whos to say that a field of millions of supernova-free stars yesterday has a brief guest today, unless you notice a changeever so slight, obviouslyin the fabric of the star-field.
George Roth had that remarkable ability. And not only with stars. He could spot disruptions or changes in even the most intricate patterns. Just a knack, I guess, he answered one interviewer after his reported supernova had been confirmed by three independent (and official) observatories.
He had been scanning Orion for the week prior, section by section, memorizing (and recognizing) the pattern of each, looking for that small disturbance that might, that just might, be the brief flash of that giant explosion so incredibly many light years away.
Returning for a tenth scan of the constellation, he viewed section one (no change), section two (no change), section three (no change), but section four had changed. The flicker was, to him, unmistakable. And it had not been there the night before. How could he be certain? Well, he just was.
He made a careful note of the position in his log, then packed up his telescope and went down to his computer. Not only did he email all of his astronomy-buffs friends, but he also reported his sighting to several astronomical societies both in North America and in Europe.
Two hours later he had one official confirmation, from Hawaii. Yes, that was indeed a supernova.
The following night, it shone a little brighter, and the night after that, brighter still. Then it began to fade, and after a week, it was gone.
George felt like a hunter who had just slain his most elusive prey. Walking on clouds.
Word spread fast that a twelve-year old had beaten the combined astronomical profession to the Orion supernova punch, and for the next week or so he grew quite famous. Three television crews arrived within hours of each other. The national papers carried his picture. The local papers did several stories, both about him and about his parents, and about astronomy in general.
It was a big deal.
But as such excitements do, this one soon died down as well, letting George get on with what he liked the best, training his telescope on the night-sky in search of mammoth explosions.
This all changed one very hot August night when his mother was killed by a stray bullet.
George had walked with her to the nearby grocery store, and was now helping her carry the bags home. One moment she was talking to him, asking him something, the next moment she, mid-sentence, fell silent.
She sometimes did thiswhen thoughts struck her, which they did now and thenso for the first fraction of a second George sensed nothing wrong. Then she dropped her bag, and she dropped to the sidewalk. That is when George turned his head and saw that something terrible had happened. He also saw the speeding Audi, and those inside that car.
There were several other witnesses to the shooting, most of whom reported a speeding car, one of whom confirmed it was an Audi, but none of whom could with any degree of certainty tell even how many people might have been in the car, much less what they looked like.
All except George. He had not only noticed the three men in the car, he had noticed the gun in the hand of the front seat passenger.
Initially, the police did not take him seriously, there was just no way. It had happened too fast. No one else could identify them. George insisted.
In the end, George did clearly identify the shooter, who eventually, as part of a plea-bargaining deal, confessed to aiming for (and missing) his intended target, and accidentally killing Georges mother.
This marked the end of Georges interest in astronomy. His priorities had changed, is how he put it to his father. He had decided to deploy his talent more constructively, he wanted to join the police force. Wanted to become a detective.
Long story short: he succeeded. And so spectacularly, that he soon caught the attention of the local FBI office, who felt that his talents could be better utilized at the federal level. His seniors at the department, as well as George himself, agreed.
And so: Agent George Roth. Pattern wizard extraordinaire.
Now assigned to detect what kind of disturbances this apparent genius named Ruth Marten might cause in the relatively peaceful societal fabric.



::4::

Phil Anderson rose his well-exercised six feet to his usual impressively straight as Roth knocked and entered. Anderson folded his arms. Unfolded them. Joined his hands behind his back.
So, George. What have you got?
Roth closed the door behind him, and took a quick look around Andersons office, just to make sure they were alone. Nervous habit. Then thought about taking a seat, but since Anderson remained standing thought it best to do the same.
Well, she certainly has their ear. In a big way.
In a dangerous way?
The question took Roth by surprise, or, rather, the intent of the question. He saw his assignment as a more or less routine check-up on someone of rising popularity, they always warranted a closer look. There had been no mention of danger, or threat. Or of whatever his boss was certainly implying. Until now.
Dangerous?
Thats the question, yes.
No, Phil. Engaging, yes. Spellbinding, yes. Dangerous? No. No, I dont see it.
Some see it that way.
Who?
At this point Im not at liberty to say. Need-to-know thing.
Roth nodded, yeah, the need-to-know thing. Said, What precisely is the danger? What precisely are we looking for?
Anderson seemed to pull himself even straighter, if that were even possible, a clear sign to Roth that he had hit some nerve or other.
She is going viral, George.
I know.
Three hundred twenty million YouTube views since her first lecture, and additional tens of millions on other services. Millions, George.
Then, just in case Agent Roth was not yet sufficiently impressed, Topping five hundred million, George.
I know.
How viral is that? asked his boss. By viral standards.
Its pretty viral.
Dangerously viral?
Define dangerously, Phil. I cant do my job if I dont know what youre looking for.
Phil Anderson looked at his wunderkind agent for a long silent moment, then looked out the window, then sat down and motioned for Roth to do the same. Regarded Roth again for some silent time. Arrived at a decision.
Okay, but this stays between us for now. Does not leave this room.
Anderson had a way of saying most things twice. Of course.
Eli Lilly, Merck, Abbott, you name them, are silently screaming bloody murder.
Youre talking Big Pharma?
Yes, I am.
Why are they screaming?
Sales.
For heavens sake, Phil, spell it out.
Do I have to spell it out?
Roth sighed. Yes, Phil. You have to spell it out.
It seems these boys are monitoring sales very closely these days, and sales of both prescription and over-the-counter anti-depressants are noticeably down.
And?
And they blame the girl.
Ruth Marten?
Thats the one were talking about, George. Yes, Ruth Marten.
Thats ridiculous.
Our chain of command begs to differ.
Its been what? Three weeks?
Since when?
Since her first lecture.
And?
Thats not long enough to establish any sort of cause and effect.
Again, Our chain of command begs to differ.
The Pharma lobby? Roth shook his head.
Hurting, apparently.
And how? began Roth.
Phil Anderson leaned forward as if about to impart sensitive state secrets. Viral, George. Shes going viral. Seductive, George. Thats the word theyre using. The girl is seductive. Promises.
Promises? What promises?
Anderson sat back again, almost in a recoil. Not sure. But whatever it is they dont seem to need or buy their meds anymore. Not the way theyre supposed to.
Roth shook his head again. Either this whole notion was totally insane, or he was missing something. Im telling you, Phil. If their sales are down, and I cant argue that one way or another, because I dont know, its too soon to establish a valid cause.
Phil drew breath to speak.
Yes, said Roth. I know. Our chain of command begs to differ.
Precisely.
What do you want me to do, Phil?
Keep a very close eye on her, George. Under a microscope.
I already am.
Well, keep a closer eye on her, then. Full background. All movements. Plans. Record all her lectures.
Theyre already doing this for us, meaning the students with their viral videos. Phil continued as if he hadnt heard.
Anything she does. Anywhere she goes.
How many men can I have?
How many do you need?
A dozen or so.
Done, said his boss.
Cars.
Whatever you need.
Again, Roth shook his head at the folly of his chain of command, but rose to comply.
Anything you need, repeated Phil Anderson.
Then Roth decided to make a last attempt at reason. You know that my specialty is patterns. Im not sure I am the right man for this.
Youre the one they want.
He knew who they were: the chain of command. But youre talking surveillance, here. Potential threat drill.
She is a potential threat.
My specialty is patterns, he tried again.
I know.
There was no talking his way out of this. A potential threat to what? Pharma sales?
National security.
I dont see it.
Well, take a closer look then, George.
Okay, Phil. I will.
Everything, said Phil.
I know the drill, said Roth. Then turned to go.
Everything, repeated Phil to his back.
Everything, said Roth, tossing the word back over his shoulder.



::5::

Ruth Martens first guest lecture was held at UCLA on the 2nd of February, a Saturday. At one point the university administration had wanted to sell tickets to the Royce Hall event, but Ruth vetoed that idea. This was not a show, she said, this was a lecture, part of the curriculum. Their tuition fees covered the students right to attend, she said.
The administration eventually saw the wisdom of that, but not before Ruth threatened to cancel the lecture.
Student interest in the lecture was overwhelming. So much, in fact, that remote feeds were arranged for the expected attendance overflow. Part of the reason for this interest was Ruth herself, of course, and her viral video lectures which still garnered tens of millions of viewers a day. Another reason for this interestand what gathered the media and other seekers of scandal and thrillwas the now reputed FBI interest in Ruth Marten.
It was a classic leak. Sources had spoken on the condition of anonymity. Yes, the FBI was conducting an investigation. Yes, strong interest from the very top, apparently. Yes, the FBI considered Ruth Marten a potential risk. These sources could not specify, and would not speculate, what kind of risk, precisely, but risk enough to warrant interest.
Officially, the FBI would not even dignify the rumor with a comment.
This, of course, ensured wall-to-wall media coverage, and when they arrived at UCLA campus, Ruth, Melissa, Ananda, and Abbot Whitewho had been invited to join themhad to be escorted by a small band of security personnel to shield them from a just short of frenzied media onslaught.
Safely delivered backstage, Ananda was the first to speak. To no one in particular.
That was a little more than we bargained for.
Id say, said Melissa, sitting down.
Is there any substance to the FBI rumor, do you think? asked Abbot White.
I believe there is, said Ananda. Clare Downes swore that they were in attendance at Ruths last lecture. At USC.
Whatever is going on, you certainly have their attention, said the Abbot. Surely, that is a good thing. Fitting nicely with your plans.
A little too nicely, said Ananda.
Attention is good, said Ruth. As long as its on the message and not on the peripherals.
The circus, said Melissa.
Circus, indeed, said Ananda. Then he asked Ruth, Are you going to take questions this time?
No, said Ruth. The hall is too large. And youre right about the circus. I dont want to invite circus questions.
Good decision, said Ananda.
What will you talk about, asked the Abbot.
Stillness. I want to revisit stillness. With all this noise, it makes for a very clear contrast.
I thought you meant to address parallels between science and religion, said Ananda.
Stillness is better, said Ruth. Ive changed my mind.
Ananda nodded at this. Yes, he agreed.
Melissa and the Abbot saw the wisdom of that, too.
A young girl appeared at the door. Five minutes, Miss Marten. Should I seat your guests.
Yes, said Ruth. Please.
As they rose to follow their guide, Melissa hugged her daughter and said, Break a leg, Sweetheart.
Of course, said Ruth.
With three minutes to go, there was only Ruth Marten in the backstage room, listening and trying to plum the mood of the nearly two thousand people expecting her only a few steps away.
After a few long breaths, the door opened again. The young girl was back. Its time, Miss Marten.
:
I remember addressing such multitudes in the past. The difference between then and now is almost frightening. In long ago India I spoke to a still lake, a collective calm you could almost touch.
These people, this age, makes for a very stormy surface.
Its a windy room. The rustle of a million leaves, bending in my direction. Many of them are here for the message, and that pleases me. But not a few are here for other reasons, something that rarely, if ever, happened in India.
Values. The emphasis has shifted so darkly, so deeply. These poor people struggle to find a true footing, overwhelmed by the need to own, the urge to consume. Their bodies playing into the hands of the profiteers.
Of course this happened in India too, man has hardly changed at all when it comes to his foundation, but never, never on this scale, with this force, with this volume. Wave upon wave of the commercial, of the demand that you open your mouth wide, wide, wider and do nothing but swallow, that you do nothing but consume. It makes for a very rough surface to first still then enter.
I see Ananda in the front row. He, more than anything, brings to mind those long ago days when he was the live recorder, when he tasked himself with remembering every word I spoke that he may ensure the Dhamma lived on. These digital days this, of course, is no longer needed. I can see a dozen or more video cameras, all trained on me. Within minutes after I finish the lecture, my entire talk will be available to the world online. That, if anything, is the fascination with the modern, is the one edgedespite all darknessthat technology has brought to the world. The one blessing.
The lights flicker a warning that they are about to dim and the rustle grows quieter. I can feel the expectation rise like some living thing with many arms. It reaches for me.
:
Ananda, seated in-between Abbot White and Melissa, took in the Tathagata where she stood, herself taking in the packed hall in turn. And like Ruth, he also thought about that long ago India when his task was a crucial three-fold: to hear every word of the Buddha, to understand every word of the Buddhahe had a carte blanche to ask about anything he did not fully understand, and the Buddha had promised that he would explain until it was fully clear to himand to remember every understood word so that it could be passed on as living Dhamma.
And like Ruth he also took in the many video cameras trained on the stage, doing his job for him, and so much more efficientlybut without understanding, of course.
The lights dimmed now, and a single wide, soft beam fell upon the shimmeringly black hair of his friend.
And for a third time, she began her lecture with that one word, spoken into itself:
Silence.
It was palpable, and into it she continued:
Many considered Sai Baba of Shirdi an incarnation of Lord Krishna. Whether he was, I dont know. But I do know that many Hindus, and many Muslims, consider him a saint. And saintly he was.
And the most saintly thing he ever saidand he said many saintly thingswas, Before you speak ask yourself: Is it kind, is it necessary, is it true, does it improve upon the silence?
Brilliant advice in its own rightsomething we all both can and should take to heart, and so improve upon both personal and political relations.
We should all ask ourselves, is what we are about to say kind? Will it help our friendor our enemy? Do we speak out of compassion?
Do we in fact have to say it? Is it necessary? Is it needed? Will it in fact help the situation? Or are we speaking just to hear ourselves talk, because we are so enamored of our own sageness that we simply have to impart it to others?
Is what we are about to say true? Really true? Not just truish, but in every aspect not a lie?
How often do we let things leave our lips that are in fact unkind, thatwere you to really observemake our friends, or parents, or our children, wince a little at hearing? Things that leave little scars, seen were you to finely tune your sight.
How often do we speak not from need or necessity, but from the wish to be heard? And how often do we not embellish, or twist, or simply make up out of whole cloth what we say? How often does truth not serve as the touchstone for speaking or not?
And most importantly, and this is where I believe Sai Baba of Shirdi reveals his sainthood: Does what you are about to say improve upon the silence?
As if to underline the last question, Ruth said nothing for nearly a full minute.
Silence, at its core, is not a dead thing. It is not merely the absence of sound. Of course, there are degrees. There is the pleasant absence of noise. The wonderful stillness of the baby, now fed again, returning to contented sleep and no longer crying in her cot. That is silence, of course, but a silence spreading from the absence of hungry lungs letting you know.
And there is the silence settling upon a forest where the storm has now died down to virtual stillness. Where the waving and rustling of brancheswhere that mumbling and scratching and sharing of foresty opinion have settled into peaceful and unnoticeable swaying to the rhythm of the earth. But that is a silence in contrast to the wind. A lack of rushing air. A lack.
There is the silence under northern skies when you step out of the noisily warm cottage and into the snowy winters night. Again, a silence of contrast, and one that last no longer than it takes your ear to adjust, for soon the ear finds that this silence is not true, there is the whisper of stars above, a crackling of atmosphere, heard as not silence when you really listen.
This winters night also holds the vast settling of snow, slowly pulled by a never sleeping gravity into the arms of the earth and with it the minute shifting of flakes so numerous as to give the number of stars above a run for their money.
Again, this a relative silence, one of contrast.
But there is a true silence, a living silence. A silence without which there would be no relative silence. A silence without which there would be no life.
Wise men have always known this. Wise men have always practiced this. Lao Tzu was prepared to leave his home for the wilderness without saying a word. Nothing, he had decided, would improve upon his silence. The Buddha, until entreated to change his mind, leaned toward silence. Many a mystic have caught a glimpse, a living moment of utter stillness that says all, and spent the rest of their lives discovering or walking the path toward it, for nothing else, nothing elseonce youve heard, seen, experienced it, truly matters.
Ruth paused to sip some water. She looked over at Ananda, who nodded, yes, yes.
She looked over at Abbot White as well, who also, Ananda noticed, smiled and nodded in agreement. He, too, had touched the perfect stillness, knew what she was talking about.
Then she said, Another thing about true silence: it is unkillable. Many have tried to kill it, both in themselves and in others.
And another thing: It does not gender greed. It does not gender craving. The more silent the man, the closer he grows to this unkillable thing, the less he needs, the more unprofitable to those chasing wealth he becomes.
When I say unkillable, I truly mean that. It is also the only permanent thing there is. All other things in this cosmos rise and fade. They rise and they fade. True stillness never rises, it never fades.
True stillness is, in fact, not of this cosmos and sees no need to play by its rules.
Yet, without true stillness there would be no cosmos.
Ruth paused again to let her words sink in, to let them germinate, perhaps take root. Ananda looked over at Abbot White. His eyes were closed but the smile on the Abbots lips spoke volumes.
Ruth continued:
The true silence is deathless, it lies beyond the cosmos of cause and effect, yet it lies in the heart of every being. In the heart of everyone in this hall. In the heart of every person in this city. In the heart of every living thing in this world, in this cosmos.
The Buddha once said that there is a dimension where there is neither earth, nor water, nor fire, nor wind. Where there is neither this world, nor the next world, nor sun, nor moon. And there, he said, there is neither coming nor going, nor stasis. There, there is neither passing away nor arising. This dimension has no stance, no foundation, no support.
This, the Buddha went on to say, is the unborn, unoriginated, uncreated, unformed. And were it not for this unborn, unoriginated, uncreated, unformed dimension at the heart of things, escape from the world of the born, the originated, the created, the formed, would not be possible. 
This is true silence, the unconditioned stillness.
Incidentally, and perhaps I should say luckily, this is also true happiness, the thing were allwere we to look deeply and be perfectly honest with ourselvesthe very thing were all chasing.
This is the unproduced happiness that does not have to be sold to us, and so brings no profit to anyone. It was never born and it will never die. Perhaps we could call it eternal, but that would place it in the same dimension as time, and this stillness lies beyond. It is deathless. Both beyond and closer to us than anything this cosmos has to offer, be it wealth, pleasure, pain, lust, or any happiness that arises then fades.
The closer we get to this stillness, the more silent the relative silences we traverse to get there, the better we see the walls we have erected to protect us from true stillness. For yes, this is true, and you can see for yourself that this is true, that no one other than you have separated you from the deathless. What distances there are, what barriers have been erected, they are all imposed by the seeker him or herself.
The stiller you become, the more apparent this will grow.
For true silence is alive, aware, deathless.
Here Ruth fell silent for the last time. She did not invite questions. The hall lighting rose, the silence cracked here and there by whispered comments and questions, then broke entire into a wide susurrus of amazement and perhaps a thirst for more.
Ruth looked out over the audience, then left the stage.



::6::

While Ruth had vetoed the suggestion to allow television crews at the UCLA lecture, she had allowed the print media, provided no flash photography was used, and the television reporters could also attend, of course, by the same rule.
Ruth Marten was news again. But this time the media was strangely split as to whether the news were good or bad.
The Los Angeles Times, seeing as this Marten Revival was all taking place in the papers back yard, surprised not a few by coming down on the side of good.
The following mornings headline read Beneficent. The lead read,
USCs new ber-lecturer Ruth Marten captivated an overflowing Royce Hall yesterday with a mesmerizing, albeit brief, lecture on silence. As if to personify the subject of her lectureand this writer must confess she has never experienced anything quite like itthe audience barely drew breath while Miss Marten spoke.
The story then went on to tell of the substance of the lecture, while also weaving in some of the back story, including Miss Martens Cal Tech Science credentials and (never far away from any reporters mind) the Federico Alvarez incident.
The New York Times, while also placing their story on the front page, took a different tack, warning its readers not to be taken in my Miss Martens rhetoric, and not so subtly reminding them that a century ago another world was taken in by Herr Hitlers mesmerizing rhetoric to devastating result.
NBCs reporter sided with the Los Angeles Time, and went so far as to express a Hope for Man.
CBS, on the other hand, sided with The New York Times and actually warned people to be very wary of Miss Marten, suggesting that there is something unholy (was the word used) about her grip on the minds of our youth.
The Washington Post went further than its competition, and all in the direction of bad. It struck many, both readers and pundits, that they must have had the story researched and ready to go well before attending the UCLA lecture, for their assault upon Miss Marten dug up as many corners of the past that there were to dig up, all aimed at exposing this fraud of a girl, and especially reminding its readers about her Alvarez circus and how they country had convulsed (yes, that was the word) in the wake of that.
The Post wrapped up its assault by calling on the authorities to act responsibly and in the interest of the mental health of the nation, and to act sooner rather than later, before it indeed was too late to do anything about this threat to the nations stability.
:
The following day, it was now Monday, February the 4th, the American Psychiatric Association issued a lengthy statement that in part seemed to have been a copy of the Washington Post article, but in others went much further in proclaiming Miss Marten a threat to the mental stability of the nation.
The term most often used by the statement (which, incidentally had no specific author, but was only signed, APA) was mentally seductive.
Not only was Miss Martens messagethe implied promise of peace and happinessseductive, but her delivery method, her mesmerizing attitude, her grip on her audience, they all contributed to an alliance of factors that could well destroy the harmony of this nation.
The paper, since it was very much on current topic, was carried in full by most print media and quoted and commented on by most television news shows.
The final few paragraphs of the paper was specifically addressed to parents, and offered advice to those who did not know how to protect their children from this threat, or who could not salvage them had they already fallen prey to Miss Martens mental seduction. The first step to take: contact your doctor, or, should you not have one, contact us we will refer you to a specialist. This was followed with several paths of contact, including toll-free phone, email, websites, and a direct Mortimer link.
:
On the same dayand many speculated that his had been knowingly coordinated between the American Psychiatric Association and Big PharmaEli Lily and Pfizer issued a joint communique to the effect that Hope without foundation can be very seductiveif not addictive, and that it was a clear indication of the need for proper care and attention of our youth that so many well-educated young men and women would lap this hope up indiscriminately.
The communique strongly urged parents, teachers, community leaders, and, yes, the authorities to shoulder their respective responsibilities and see to it that any troubled youth that needed medical attention would be given that attention, now, not later (when it would be too late).
This warning and plea from Big Pharma got a surprising amount of airplay, even leading the news on some stations, especially in the east. The cynics, and there were many of them and all of them vocal, voiced the opinion that Big Pharma was looking out for their bottom line, which they felt was being threatened by Miss Marten.
Other commentators, all with overly serious faces looking with grave concern into their respective cameras, took up the Big Pharma cause and personally warned their viewers against this all too real threat to the youth of today.
One Boston pundit went so far as to wonder what socialist government, or what subversive group was financing Ruth Marten, for surely she could not have dreamed up this out-and-out assault on todays gullible youth all on her own.
:
I cannot fault you, said Ananda. Youve done nothing foolish this time. This is perhaps just what we should have expected.
Still, said Ruth. This is, I dont know what. This is an outright attack.
I believe the cynics are right, said Melissa. Youre getting too close to their sources of profit. Both the medical folks, and the pharmaceuticals feel threatened. Peace and harmony have no place in todays world. They dont bring anyone any profit.
What should I do? said Ruth. Any suggestions?
Stay the course, said Ananda. What else could you do?
Agreed, said Melissa.
You think I can wear them down? said Ruth.
Oh, I doubt that, said Ananda. Theyre not going to go away. But they may be irrelevant if your message is the stronger of the two.
It is, said Ruth.
Of course it is, said Ananda.
Over a million views already, said Melissa looking up from her computer. Then added, The UCLA lecture.
That is good, isnt it? said Ruth.
Melissa nodded. Sure is.
Stay the course, said Ananda.



::7::

Both Kristina Medina and Julian Lawson were invited to her USC lecture the following Friday. Along with Ananda and Melissa they were escorted to their front row reserved seats by a very smiling young girl, seemingly all too aware of who her charges were.
Agent Roth found his own seat in the middle of the hall, slightly to the left of the stage. From there he had a good view of the proceedings, and had successfully tested his digital audio recorder, which was now already recording.
At ten oclock precisely, Ruth stepped up to the podium and tapped the microphones. As if that were the signwhich it might well have beenthe lights dimmed and a soft spotlight found and highlighted her. The room fell silent. Ruth gazed out at her audience. Long and thoughtfully. Then she spoke:
I have long promised to tell you how to reach the stillness.
If the room could have gone more quiet, it would have.
Today I will keep that promise.
Again, she paused to survey the gathering. Then she said:
Samadhi is a Pali word that we generally translate as concentration. It is formed by the Pali prefix sam, meaning together, and the Pali root dha, meaning to put, or place, or bring.
Samadhi, then, means bringing together. It means unify. I means collecting the mostly unruly mind and bringing it into a steady, undistracted awareness.
Samadhi means the collecting, the gathering together, the focusing and integration of the mental flow we call the mind.
Done right, samadhi has the qualities of purity, clarity, stability, strength, readiness, flexibility, and gentleness.
Samadhi is the harmonizing of the various voices of the mind to the single wish to see. Samadhi is the one step that must be taken, and taken well, to reach the stillness.
However, taking this one step, achieving true samadhi, is far easier said than done.
Here she paused again to survey her audience.
When you close your eyes and attempt to focus on a single thing, say your breath, you will soon discover that you are not alone. You will in short order perceive that youre sitting smack in the middle of a noisy and very opinionated city council, say that of Chicago.
It is such a din that you can scarcely make yourself heard, let alone make anyone respect your wishes. They dont want to hear about your breathing.
Which begs the question: are you the only life in your body? Closing your eyes and trying to focus will make you wonder. And its a relevant question.
Look: Whoor whatis making your heart beat? Who is working your lungs while youre asleep? How does the liver know what to do? Or your kidneys? And how do they carry out their complex chemical functions with such faultless precision day in and day out, month in and month out, year in and year out?
And how do the T-cells, or B-cells, or the natural killer cells know what to do? How do they recognize an invading virus, and how do they know that a healthy dose of perforin will kill these invaders? How do they know to produce perforin, and how to do it?
When was the last time that youpersonallysingled out a virus for attack and shot these small cytoplasmic protein granules in their direction to fend them off? Have you ever knowingly done this? Ever?
Have you any idea how much is going on in your body at all times? Have you any idea how much is going on in your mind at all times? Youre basically just along for the ride. And, to be honest, youre mostly hanging on for dear life.
Ruth waited for the trickle of nervous laughter to die down.
My point is, you are not alone. That much should be obvious to anyone who stops for just a second and reflects on this. Another pertinent question arises: How sentient is this other life, these other little, or not so little, lives?
That. my friends, is for us to find out.
The more immediate point is that as long as the city council rages on, you will never reach the stillness of Samadhi. You will never reach a silence deep enough to let you see clearly what truly gives.
Thats the bad news. The good news is that you can make the city council listen. You can bring them all together. You can calm them down and have them all look in the same direction. You can unify your mind.
You can concentrate.
Interestingly, the word concentrate breaks down into the Latin con, which means together and the Latin centrum, which means sharp point, or middle point of a circle. Concentrate, in other words, is a perfect English replica of Samadhi: to bring together to a focus. To unify.
The Pali has another applicable word: Ekaggata, which in essence means one-pointedness or a mind all pointed in the same direction, or upon the same object.
Again, Ruth paused as to ensure that she wasnt losing anyone. She wasnt.
To reach the requisite stillness the entire mindall of you, them, ithas to want the same thing, and the good news is that if you will this well enough, deeply enough, strongly enough, tenaciously enough, long enough, often enough, and with enough focus, the mind will listen, will quiet down, and will fall in with you. It will focus.
The good news is that the mind does respond to gentle persistence. To gentle insistence.
But you have to take charge, you have togently but sternlyimpose your will, your intent, your wish to focus, upon the multitudes of thoughts and images that as a rule come and go as they please. No one has ever said that this was easy. In truth, many spend entire lives trying to achieve the perfect stillness, and fail even so.
True Samadhi is elusive, but it is achievable. And it is the most important achievable in this, or any, world.
So how then? How do we achieve Samadhi? How do we concentrate cleanly enough, and tenaciously enough, to approach and reach the stillness.
There are many techniques leading to Samadhi, but for meand I honestly believe for most of youthe short answer is npnasati.
npnasati is the Pali word for awareness of breathing in and breathing out. It is the meditation practice that focuses on the breath.
Ana means breathing in. Pana means breathing out. Sati means mindfulness or awareness. npnasati then means being aware of breathing in and breathing out. Awareness of breathing.
Buddhist lore has it that npnasati was what the Buddha practiced before and as he achieved enlightenment. It seems, then, that it has a pretty good track record.
Again, she waited for the now not so nervous wave laughter to fade.
As I said, in order to still the mind, to get it to all pull in the same direction, you, and it, need something to focus on. This is known as the meditation object. There are many such objects in many different traditions of meditation, but the breath has qualities as a meditation object that make it uniquely suitable.
For one, it is portable.
For two, it is the one bodily function that you and the body share control over. The body will breathe on its own if you dont pay your breath any attention, but you can also assume control, and breathe, or not breathe, at will. Breathing straddles the line between the conscious and the unconscious.
Also, the breath is always there. If not, in its absence, well, youre dead.
The breath is subtle enough to require fairly close attention, yet strong enough to hold it firmly once you land on it.
Another thing about npnasati is that if practiced right, and diligently, it can and will lead you all the way to the ultimate stillness, Nibbna.
Here she paused again, as if deliberating her next sentence.
I could use the next few hours with a detailed lecture on npnasati, but I think that will be a waste both of your time and mine. As far as the mechanics of awareness of breathing meditation, there are many good books out there, most of them online, and most of these are free. I will suggest a few over the next few days, and email them in your direction. Still, you can probably find them yourself if you Google npnasati.
What you must take away from this lecture, however, is that if you want to reach the stillness that speaks, if you truly want to see for yourself what makes this universe of ours, and all life in it, tick, then you must make mediation your first priority in life.
You are all mostly young. You have your entire life ahead of you. At your age death does not even exist, and it will certainly not happen to you any time soon, if ever.
Death does strike others, some even your age, but those are not even close calls. Anomalies is what they are, those deaths. As for you, you will go on and on and on.
The truth, however, is that death can come at any time, to anyone. Hes a most unpredictable fellow, and a very inconsiderate one. And when he picks a target he does not check with you ahead of time if youre ready. He just comes, sits down, and thats that.
As I said earlier, even those who practice a lifetime may not reach the Samadhi of perfect stillness. Point being, it is never too early to begin. Nothing, when all is said and done, is, or ever can be, more important.
Nibbnathe deathlessis real. Yes, youll have to take my word for it right now, but you can experience the truth of that personally.
The deathless is the only thing that is not conditioned, that will never fade awaylike your youth, your life, your possessions, all of this world, all of which are impermanent. Nothing is more important than reaching that stillness.
Unless you make meditation your first priority, and unless you discipline yourself to stick with it come what may, you will not reach it.
That is what we here in the west would refer to as the bottom line.
The many causes and effects that make up life are like ripples on the water. In a stormthat is, in the middle of a raucous City Council meetingthe waters are too agitated for any ripple to be discerned.
To seeand understandthese fine ripples, the waters must calm, the surface must still. It is on the mirror of the placid lake that these fine ripples may be detected. Samadhi is the way to still the waters.
npnasati is the way to not only gain Samadhi, but to view and decode lifes many fine details.
npnasati is the way to the deathless, to Nibbna.
Here Ruth fell quiet, and remained so for over a minute. Then she bowed gently to her audience, turned, and walked off stage.
:
As he listened, George Roth did his utmost to reconcile.
There was no mistaking her words. And they, despite his professional aversion to the topic, made sense to him. He knew all about the Chicago City Council. He knew the shouting each other down across the conference table. He also knew the stillness under starry sky when the entire committee seemed to have agreed to pull in the same direction, to see and find the same thing. For didnt his very secret rest right there, in the unification of mind? In the amazing concentration that allowed him to spot that minute variation in pattern that spoke supernova.
She made a lot of sense, this young Ruth Marten. So, how could she be public enemy number one, or something not too far from that if Phil Anderson, and the sacred chain of command, was to be believed? This is what Agent Roth tried to reconcile.
And things refused to fall into place. The pattern he had been looking for, the disturbances he had expected: the clear agitation that could seep into a group unseen, to then flower into baby violence and to then mature into a real threat if not checked, this pattern was nowhere to be found.
He had assumed that this agitation would be noticeable to him, that he would find and gather proof of this young womans sedition if only he listened hard enough, perceived deeply enough, focused on this like he would focus by his telescope at night.
He did perceive deeply enough, he was sure of it, but he saw no agitation, only a calm, receptive gratefulness among the audience.
And speaking of reception, there were times he could have sworn that the young ladys voice not only entered through his ears but through his mind, as if whispered from within, stunning the city council to absolute silence, stunning himself into goose bumps.
He had done his homework. He knew her credentials. A prodigy if there ever was one, and one with strong Buddhist leanings. But dont be fooled: shes a prodigy bent on sedition, this is what Phil Anderson had stressed, and his marching orders were to gather the evidence, document something actionable, something that would allow them to step in and stop this potential avalanche before it started its rush down the mountain for real.
But try as he might, Agent Roth could see nothing pernicious in her words, in what they evoked in him, in those around him. He could see nothing but good here. Even the voice that seemed to spring from within was not a threat to anything, it was as welcome as a kiss. A friendly whisper that spoke of possibilities he had not even conceived of yet, but which he nevertheless knew, just knew, were worthwhile to pursue.
Yes, she had the audience spellbound. But that had more to do with the subject, and the obvious interest in this subject, than witchcraft (which, in effect, was what he had been ordered to ferret out and persecute).
He let his reconciliation run its course, which it did. And in the end, the columns did add up.
Phil Anderson would, however, not like the answer.
:
The lights undimmed and the hall came alive with listeners again realizing where they were and then setting out to leave. Ananda, Melissa, Kristina, and Julian followed suit.
Before they could join the slowand surprisingly silentriver of audience drifting toward the exits, however, the very smiley student appeared again, tapped Melissa on the arm and said, Would you come with me, please.
The four of them gladly turned and followed the young woman backstage, where they soon found themselves seated in a small, quite comfortable lounge along with Ruth, who was sipping spring water from a bottle.
What do you think, Ananda? she said.
Well presented, he said. You had their ear.
Id say, Kristina said, with a smile. Eating. Out of your hand.
Julian nodded, agreeing. Melissa seemed non-committal, as if something weighed on her.
You dont agree? said Ruth to her mother.
Its not that I dont agree, said Melissa. But its all going so fast, again. Im just worried that it might run away from us.
We did agree, began Ruth.
Yes, I know. Said Melissa. And Im not contesting anything. Just a little worried, thats all. A mothers prerogative, she added.
Have you settled on which book to recommend? said Ananda.
Rosenbergs Breath by Breath may be the most accessible, she answered.
And there is Buddhadasa Bhikkhus Mindfulness with Breathing, said Ananda.
And there is that, agreed Ruth.
I like Rosenbergs book, said Kristina.
Youve read it? said Ruth, a little surprised. Then she checked herself, Well, of course you have.
Im more than curious, said Kristina.
I shall teach you, said Ruth.
When Julian moved to speak, Ruth said, Oh, and you, too, Julian. I will teach you.
Julian smiled and nodded. Then said, Is there anything to this FBI business?
Ananda and Ruth exchanged a brief glance. Apparently, said Ruth.
A little more than apparently, said Ananda. There is definite interest.
Good or bad? asked Julian, though he did know.
Never good, I dont think. Not from those quarters, said Ruth.
And you wonder why I worry, said Melissa.
:
Julian and Kristina had shared a ride to USC, and after taking leave of Ruth, her mother, and her great-great uncleas Kristina now thought of Anandathey made their way across the vast parking lot to Julians new car (a Honda hybrid that he had insisted on driving, boys forever being boys when it came to their cars).
Kristina and Ruth had remained close over the years, though of course not seeing each other as much once she left Pasadena Polytechnic School, and even less once she transferred from Cal Tech and Julian to USC.
Of anyone, Kristina had probably suffered the most during the Federico Alvarez spectaclevicariously agonizing over what she (rightly) perceived as a threat to Ruths mission.
And of anyone, Kristina had probably been the happiest to see the adverse media attention move off and onto some other spectacle in due course.
She was, if not a frequent guest, definitely not a stranger to the Marten household, and they talked occasionally over the phone as well. Kristina had been pleasantly surprised, and very happy, to receive the invitation to this USC lecture.
They reached Julians shiny car and he clicked his remote to unlock the doors, then stepped around to open the passenger door for Kristina.
Why, thank you, sir. she said.
My pleasure, said Julian in the same mock-polite tone.
Once out of the lot and on their way, Julian said, Its quite amazing that we know her.
Remember, you have me to thank for that.
Oh, I remember, said Julian.
But I agree, its a little unreal, isnt it? said Kristina.
Then neither said anythingeach alone with their reflectionsuntil they were through downtown and winding their way on the still too narrow 110 toward Pasadena, when Kristina said, There really is something to this FBI business.
Whether a question or a statement, he wasnt sure, still, Julian answered:
I believe so. The LA Times usually gets things right, and it seems very par for the course.
What do you mean?
I mean I believe that Ruth, and the stir shes creating online with her lectures, isunintentionally, Im suretreading on some toes.
What kind of toes?
The kind that like to protect their bottom lines.
What interests are threatened by seeing the truth? said Kristina after a moment of silence.
Well, you tell me, said Julian.
Another silence yielded: Pharmaceuticals. Thats who.
Julian nodded. I think youre right.



::8::

Later that day, agent Rothwith a lump of something cold and hard in his stomach, for he did not look forward to thisknocked on Phil Andersons door. Hearing his boss on the phone, he waited a few quick breaths, and knocked again.
His boss shouted a muffled Yes through the closed door. Roth entered. Anderson, standing, was still on the phone, listening with a pained grimace. He waved at Roth to sit down, which he did. The tightness in his stomach refused to yield, and he speculatedwith good reasonthat his boss was talking to his own superiors about the very thing Roth was there to discuss.
Of course, said Anderson to the other end of the line. Of course.
Then, Okay. Yes. Okay. And hung up. He looked at the re-cradled handset for several seconds as if to recall exactly where he had seen such a thing before. Then he shook his head, may even have shivered a little, sat down, and turned to Roth.
I need some good news.
You mean bad news, said Roth.
You know what I mean, said Anderson.
Yes, I do.
So?
Is she a public menace? A threat to the social order?
Well, we know she is, said his boss.
Roth planted his mental feet firmly on the ground: I must beg to differ.
You what?
Listen, Phil. She is not a threat to the public. Not in my opinion anyway.
Anderson drew breath to answer, but Roth rushed to fill the silence. Its true that she is a mesmerizing lecturer. She had the audience at very rapt attention. All eyes and ears on her. You could hear a pin drop. But that does not make her a danger to society.
Anderson drew breath again, and this time Roth stayed silent.
That was Callahan on the phone, his boss said. A more furious than usual Callahan. And why was he furious this time? He was furious because he had just been chewed out by Washington, and apparently so it goes all the way to the top. The very top. It has been determined that the girl is a menace.
A menace to whom?
Are you in a position to ask that question, George?
Well, Phil
Dont you Well, Phil me, George. I am not in a position to ask that question. The word is No, let me rephrase that. Our marching orders are that the girl is a threat to the stability of our society. No, and Anderson held up a hand, I dont know who, precisely, determined this but Callahans ass is apparently smarting from being kicked all afternoon.
So, what youre saying, said Roth, is that the Big Pharma lobby is all over Washington and shaking every tree it can find.
Something like that, agreed Anderson. Callahan mentioned that the Pharma lobby seems to have doubled or tripled in size overnight, and they are indeed all over Washington clamoring for us to do something.
Us?
Well, its a federal problem.
For Big Pharma. It was not a question.
Listen George, we dont have many options here. In fact, we dont have any. This girl has to be stopped. Simple as that.
Roth did not know how to respond to that. He knew how the chain of command worked, the It is not for us to question why principle of the thing, but you had to draw the line somewhere. The Marten girl was not a threat, quite the opposite. She was a source of calm. She should not be stopped. Especially not because Big Pharma sales are dipping as a result of her lectures.
He shook his head, then shifted in his chair. You know, Phil. This doesnt sit right with me. Weve had men on her for a couple of weeks now, around the clock. Nothing. Theres nothing there, Phil.
That is not an option.
But its the truth.
I like you George. Youre a good man. Youre a good agent. But in this case you either toe the party line, or youre off the case.
The party line being?
Do I have to spell it out for you, George?
Please.
Find something to charge her with. Something thatll hold up in court.
Theres nothing there, Phil.
Then make something.
Are you telling me what I think youre telling me?
Probably.
No, Phil. No way.
Phil Anderson looked at his agent for so long that Roth fleetingly wondered whether he had fallen asleep, his open, unblinking eyes notwithstanding.
Finally his boss spoke again: Youre off the case.
Phil.
Anderson shook his head now, then held up a hand. You leave me zero options, George. Youre off the case.
Roth, perceiver of patterns extraordinaire, sensed the deeper and, to him, very ugly wrongness that his boss personified. The girl, well-intended and obviously sincere, a much needed positive in a negative world, posed a threat to corporate profit. That was the simply stated bottom line. And those who stood to lose would not permit that. Simple as that. And those who stood to lose also had the largest and most vicious lobby money could buy. Now on a mission.
He rose, nodded in the general direction of Anderson, and left the office.
:
Though he had known precisely what to do the moment Anderson presented him his ultimatum, Roth still wanted to think it over, he wanted to sense it through like he would sense his celestial patterns.
Back at his desk (he was shaking a little, he noticed) he leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes. His pulse was racing. He could hear his heart so well it might as well have moved up into his head. He tried to focus. Then tried again.
He willed his heart back in place. Opened his eyes and took in the office. Tried again to focus, and this time succeeded: Ruth Martens speech. Her voice. Entering, certainly, through his ears. Butand this was his true focusalso evolving, blooming was the word that came to mind, up from within.
Blooming up and out of internal silence. Had he imagined that? Re-listening and re-seeing, he paid scrupulous attention to those moments, those flowering moment, and there she was. Clearly in his ear, and as clearly, resonating with more than just voice, within. She spoke to him from within. He no longer doubted this, for he heard this with the same sense of feeling that he studied the night skies, with some faculty science has yet to pinpoint. 
He shuddered, then smiled to himself and straightened in his chair. He reached for and pulled his computer keyboard toward him. Then he opened up his office program and began composing his resignation letter.
:
Youve been invited to Germany, said Ananda, looking up from his Mortimer screen.
Ruth looked over at him. Melissa, in the doorway about to head for the kitchen, stopped and turned, interested as well.
Ananda looked down again, and read from the report, The Humboldt University of Berlin has extended a formal invitation to the University of Southern California for famed USC lecturer Ruth Marten to address faculty, students and guests at the famous German university.
Nobody has said anything about that, said Ruth.
Germany, said Melissa.
The invitation was extended today via telephone to your department at USC, said Ananda, paraphrasing the report.
Would you want to go? said Melissa.
I dont see why not, said Ruth. What do you think, Ananda?
He didnt much like travel these days, but could see no real objection to going, so he offered a noncommittal echo, I dont see why not.



::9::

The following Monday saw an onslaught of press and television reports warning about the dangers of Ruth Martens seductive lectures.
Recently, the phenomenon of Miss Martens pop-philosophy has swelled from the quirkily amusing to the seductively dangerous, began a leader in the Los Angeles Times, which had now apparently changed its editorial tune. The leader then went on to say, The college student, these days, as always, precariously balanced between revolt against and soon-to-join the responsibilities of adulthood, seems an easyand gullibletarget for Miss Martens groundless promises of universal peace.
This morning, the American Psychiatric Association issued a strongly worded warning against, as they put it, this burgeoning Kool-Aid Phenomenon, referring to the Jonestown tragedy of 1978 where over 900 followers of Jim Jones literally drank his offered solution to all earthly problems and paid the ultimate price for doing so.
By now Miss Marten has seduced the ears and minds of thousands if not millions of young people, and it is now high time that those responsible for these students, be it parents, or teachers, or the authorities, realize the dangers facing perhaps a whole generation, and take decisive action against this well-planned and executed fraud.
Many other papers as well as television stations chimed in with similar messages in what appeared to be the well-coordinated and orchestrated effort it actually was.
The most critical voice of all was raised by the nationally syndicated political program Nation Today which did not stop short of insisting that the authorities responsible take immediate action for the good of our nation.
:
Agent Roth muted his television and leaned back into his still (though inexcusably old) very comfortable sofa. The now silent talking head seemingly went on to discuss the numbers of views Ruth Martens lectures had garnered (and continued to garner) online. Graphs were displayed that were scaled in the millions. The rising line was (deliberately, he thought) colored dangerously red to alert one and all to the onrushing disaster.
Jobless nowAnderson had (probably by edict from above) accepted his resignation on the spot, no questions asked, and effective immediatelyRoth felt relieved, the self-affirming relief you feel when you no longer have to proceed against your conscience. And this, the mute talking head now doing its best to look alarming, was nothing if not a ratification of his decision to leave. This was the power at the very top of the food chain flexing its muscle. He was witnessing the efforts of those who could pull strings strong and far-reaching enough to make all but the most independent (or stupid) station or paper jump in unison.
Frightening, really. And to his mind, this all but confirmed that Ruth Martens message held truthor those who stood to lose would not be so over-the-top panicked.



::10::

Sitting down in what he thought of as his study, the now former agent George Roth flicked open his laptop and waited for the welcome screen.
He would have her number in one of the reports, which, in an unusual lapse of procedure, they had not asked him to relinquish. There, found it.
He placed the call.
An old male voice answered on the fifth ring, Marten household.
Ruth Marten, please. Can I speak to her?
How did you get this number?
Im sorry. My name is George Roth, and I am as of this morning no longer employed by the FBI.
I see.
Is she available.
For what purpose?
I need to warn her.
I take it I can trust you, said the man with surprising confidence.
You can trust me.
Why dont you come here, suggested the man.
Now?
Yes.
Okay.
Do you have the address?
Of course.
:
The roads were slick from the rain and crawling along with the rest of them it took Roth a bakers hour to drive there.
They were expecting him, for the door opened even as he reached for the doorbell. Ruths mother, Melissa was her name, was not smiling. Concerned rather.
Mr. Roth?
Yes.
Come in.
He was expected indeed. The old man he had spoken to (he assumed) stood up to greet him. Ruth sat on a sofa beside someone he could not immediately place, then did: Clare Downes. Yes, he remember taking note of their friendship. No camera crew, thank God.
He took the old mans hand.
Ananda, said the man.
George Roth, he replied.
Neither Ruth nor Clare arose. He nodded to them, and theyalmost in unisoninclined their heads in return.
Here, said Melissa Marten, indicating an armchair. He sat down and felt very much the focus of intense, almost palpable attention.
You said, began Ananda.
Yes, he said. Yes. But what then left his mouth seemingly did so on its very own volition, for he had certainly not planned to ask:
Looking straight at the young woman named Ruth Marten he said, Did you speak inside my head?
What? Ananda, obviously surprised.
Ruth Marten looked up at the old man, then over at George again, and smiled. You heard?
Yes, I did.
So I did.
You did? said Ananda.
Again, Ruth looked at the man, who he knew was eighty-one, but who, up-close, didnt seem it, or seemed much older. Yes, she said.
He shook his head, slowly. In wonder or exasperation, Roth couldnt tell. One or the other, though.
Then no one said anything for so long that Roth grew bewildered, and self-conscious, to boot. The girl, for Ruth Marten was nothing more than a young girl in person like this, smiled at him. No one else did. Then her mother finally spoke, Ananda said you wanted to warn us.
And so the world came rushing back in all its ugliness and danger. Yes, he said. And again, Yes.
About what, George? said Ruth.
How best to put it? I was working for the FBI until last Friday, when I resigned. I resigned because I was asked, ordered, to arrest you. Or to arrange to have you arrested, rather.
On what grounds? Melissa said, obviously shaken.
On any grounds.
No one said anything, so he continued. I have, we have, been keeping an eye on you over the last month or so.
We figured as much, said Clare Downes. But why? How serious is it?
I didnt know at first. I figured it was just routine. All that attention youre getting. You are going viral, Im sure you know that.
Ruth nodded.
Well, he continued. You have turned into a financial threat.
Again, no one responded, obviously waiting for more.
The pharmaceutical companies have noticed a drop in sales.
Clare Downes was the first to connect the dots.
They dont need their mood pills, she said.
Looks that way, said Roth.
Explain, said Ananda.
The best I can make out, said Roth, is that Ruths lectures inspires such hope that people feel less reliant on chemicals.
And you perceive the pattern, said Ruth.
Which caught Roth by surprise. You see that? he said.
She nodded.
Well, Ill be damned.
What? said Melissa.
Agent Rothor, former agent Rothhas an amazing aptitude for discerning patterns, even the minutest patterns, said Ruth. Hes quite the wonder.
Are you? said Melissa, looking straight at Roth.
Well, yes, he said.
And what is this pattern you perceive?
As I said, he began. Then, losing the thread, he regrouped. As I said, the pharmaceuticals, who guard their profits very jealously, to say the least, have noticed a drop in sales, and they ascribe thiscorrectly, as far as I can seeto Ruths lectures, and their online spread. People take heart, and they turn to non-chemical solutions to their problems. This does not sit well with Big Pharma, the pharmaceutical companies, who are now lobbying vehemently for the government, anyone in authority, to do something about her.
As in? said Clare Downs.
As in, manufacture whatever situation or evidence necessary to arrest her as a threat to public health. Well, that was the case, wasnt it?
Melissa Marten looked like she had been hit by a truck. She was not taking this well. The old man Ananda had closed his eyes, but he was certainly not asleep, his face was etched in concentration.
Ruth turned to Clare Downes. Can they do that?
Oh, yes, replied the reporter. Then, for emphasis, Yes, they can.
Yes, they can, added Roth just to underscore the threat.
Ananda opened his eyes, What would you have us do?
Have you do? said Roth. Im not in a position to have you do anything, Im out on a limb enough as it is, by warning you.
You need to help her, said Ananda.
I cant do that, said Roth.
You need to help her, repeated Ananda.
I cant do that, repeated Roth.
Is there anything you can do? said Clare. Then, quickly, I didnt mean it that way.
Roth wasnt sure which way she was talking about, but understood that she had not meant to offend him. Of course he was right about not being able to do anything, well, not much in any case. Bureau business was bureau business and he was bound by his oathwhether still employed by it or notto secrecy about its doings. About its suspicions and actions.
None taken, is what he said, which brought a smile to Clare Downes lips. Some sort of bulls-eye.
I know about your allegiances, even if youve been terminated. You are, from what I understand, legally muzzled, she said.
True, agreed Roth.
But havent you already broken some rule or other by coming here, by warning us?
Also true, said Roth.
So, she said. Since the cat seems out of the bag, at least a whisker or two? She left it at that.
Good point. This had been in the back of his mind even before he made that call. All right, he said. You must understand that over a third of all prescription drugs sold today are psychotropic, and more than half of the profits made by the pharmaceutical industry, are from these psychotropic drugs. And this is a rising statistic, a rising ratio. Managing mental states with drugs is the most valued cash cow of that industry. And it is an industry that for one will never take a challenge to its profits lying down, and that for two is both very, and I mean very well-funded and well connected.
I guess my question is, I guess the question is: how far are they willing to go?
Incarceration didnt seem too far, suggested Ananda.
Thats right, said Roth. And once charged, and kept under wraps, the discredit machinery will grind into gear, and that can be devastating. All with the purpose of restoring their sales and profits.
But there is nothing, is there? said Ruth.
To charge you with? said Roth.
Yes.
No. Not yet. That was my assignment. To find, or manufacture, something that would stick.
Like what? said Clare Downes.
Roth shook his head. Oh, I dont know. I didnt give it any thought. I refused to go there.
But what would you anticipate? Where might they go with this? asked Ruth.
Another good questions. Since they cannot prevent you from lecturing, you are a professor after all, with a curriculum to teach, and since they cannot prevent or restrict video-recording of your lectures, looking over at Ruth as he said so, they cannotnot as far as I can figureaccuse you of public sedition or some such. My guess is that they might resort to the old faithful: illegal drugs.
As in planting them somewhere? said Clare Downes.
As in planting them somewhere, confirmed Roth.
Mother and daughter looked at each other and then at Ananda and Clare Downes in turn. They were indeed taking him seriously.
Then Ananda said, Would they go further than this?
They will go as far as it takes to restore Big Pharma sales. At least thats my take on it.
And that is how far? said Ananda.
All the way, said Roth.
Does that mean what I think it means? said Clare Downes.
All eyes on him now.
It does, said Roth.
Christ, said Downes. Then straightened where she sat, So, what would you have us do, Agent Roth?
He wasnt quite sure whether he was being baited or not, but whatever, he chose not to rise to it. If there is such a thing in this scenario as lying low thats what I would do.
Ananda and Ruth Marten exchanged looks.
Im going to Germany, said Ruth. Ive been invited by the Humboldt University of Berlin. They want me to address the faculty, students and guests.
And youve accepted? Though Roth strongly suspected the answer.
I have, said Ruth.
Pretty much the opposite of lying low, then, said Roth.
Pretty much, confirmed Ruth.
Dont go, he said. They might try something drastic, and if so it is always best done on foreign soil.
What do you mean? said Ananda.
It is always easier to deny involvement in another country. Much less transparency and oversight.
So that is what you mean, said Ananda.
Im not saying that I know of any plans, said Roth. But I would never underestimate the power and reach of the pharmaceutical lobby.
Are you really serious about all this? said Clare Downes.
Why else would I be here? said Roth.
Good point, she answered.
Mr. Roth, said Melissa. Why are you telling us this? Why should we believe you?
Because hes telling the truth, said Ruth.
Which startled Roth. How did she know? For she did, didnt she?
I am telling the truth, he told Melissa. And why? Put it down to fairness, I guess. I resigned because it was not, it is not, right. I believe Ruth to be a profoundly good influence on the students who share her lectures over the Internet and who send them viral. I believe that Big Pharma shares none of her concerns, they are only interested in their profits, end of story.
Amen to that, said Clare Downes. Then she asked him, Were you ordered specifically to manufacture evidence, a pretext to arrest Ruth?
Not in so many words, said Roth. There is always deniability involved in these situations. Its more a matter of do what has to be done. Never, or seldom, a direct order to do something illegal.
Clare Downes shifted uncomfortably, looked at Ruth. Perhaps you ought not to go.
No, Im going, said Ruth.
Ruth, said Melissa.
Ill be fine, said Ruth. Agent Roth will help us.
He will? said Ananda.
He will? said Roth.
The fair thing to do, said Ruth.
All eyes on him again. I suppose, he said.



::11:: (Berlin)

Two weeks later to the day, the large square and lawn outside the Grimm-Zentrum on the Humboldt University Berlin campus hadwith customary German efficiencybeen converted to an open-air auditorium to house the well over one hundred thousand attendees that the school and the authorities anticipated.
Early that morninga cloudless, mild-for-the-season winter daya few stray technicians were putting the finishing touches to the arrangements. Seats had been seen to for the senior faculty and invited, importantas opposed to studentguests, the chairs numbering two hundred forty-four in all. In four perfect rows.
The PA system had been tested and tested again, then again, just to be sure, and all was in working order.
It was an important event, everybody seemed to think so. So important that security had been stepped up quite a ways beyond the normal German attention to detail, for there were always one or two crackpots in a crowd this size. No chances taken.
A little later that morning, under an overcast, though not rain-threatening sky, the arrangers ran through their verification checklists one last time, just to make sure.
All was in working order, green lights all around.
:
Two things Ruth had not expected: the size of the audience, and that they would give her a standing ovation as she ascended the short stairway to the stage and approached the microphonesfour in all, two sets for each bank of speakers (one main, one for backup).
She had been told that there were well over one hundred thousand people in the crowd. But thats only a number, the crowd itself, one that large, is a different matter altogether. And all there to see and hear her, and all standing up and clapping now. A little daunting. But then again, this is why she was here, to do her best to point the path.
She waved into the storm of applause in an attempt to quiet it, but her wave had the opposite effect. So she smiled, and smiled again, and then looked around her to see if anyone knew how to turn this thing off.
No one did, so she simply stood there, waiting for the storm to subside. Which eventually, after a full two minutes, it did.
If I were to build the perfect prison, she began. How would I build it?
Her words quieted even the residual murmurs, and now there was utter silence. Even the birds and the trees (for there was a slight breeze across the square) seemed to hold their respective breaths so as to let her voice be heard by all.
I will tell you.
In the heartbeats that followed, Ruth took in the broad carpet of humanity spreading before her, who almost to a man, woman, boy, girl felt that she was looking right at them.
The best prison you could build, the best possible, the perfect prison, would be a prison which the prisoners would not want to leave.
It would be a prison they would so enjoy, where their confinement was so agreeable that only the very, very few would even recognize it as a prison.
Only the very, very few would try to escape such a prison.
And of these very, very few, fewer still would eventually find a door, or a trace of one, and from this search and from these discoveries of well-hidden doors grow our various religions.
Still no bird, nor rustle of leaves. Nor voice. Nor sound.
But all too soon, she continued, these religions forget their founders and the true search for doors and instead turn into good solid business or into comfortable and guiltless living and in the end choose to forget, all over, that this planet of ours is indeed a detention facility, and as soon as any soul crazy enough to keep insisting that indeed there are doors to be found and truths to be discovered has been safely incarcerated and drugged or electro-shocked into safe oblivion, that, as they say, would be that. Youd have the perfect prison.
A brief pause, then: Lust is the bricks and the mortar, the locks and the chains. Lust is what makes this prison of ours appear so wonderful.
For even when shown a way out, even when taken by the hand by an experienced and truthful guide, the many would rather suffer the long waiting for the brief explosion of lust and its blooming than leave this wonderful prison behind.
To quote Thomas Jefferson in a letter to John Adams. It was dated June the 1st, 1822: The cocks of the hen yard kill one another; bears, bulls, rams do the same, and the horse, in his wild state, kills all the young males until when hes worn down with age and war, some youth kills him.
Why do these animals kill each other? They kill each other out of lust, out of jealousy, out of that truly hard to comprehend and take a good look at urge to procreate, which urgein the final analysis, when confronted head onis mostly mental anticipation, the wish for some drop or two of the promised sensation.
The natural historian has coined this behavior, this compulsion, natural selection, and sees it as the way nature selects the strongest to pass on his genes, whichor so the theory goesmakes for a stronger species, better equipped to survive this dog-eat-dog existence. But this theory simply attempts to explain, to rationalize, and does not try to understand the almost inconceivable force and power of the urge itself, an urge that we, as humans, certainly possess as well.
Someone said, I dont remember where, that the average male thinks about sex once a minute. That is perhaps an exaggeration, but perhaps not.
Here she paused. Perhaps for effect, perhaps to gather her thoughts, to decide where to go next.
The Buddha once said that you already possess everything you need to attain full liberation. That is certainly true. All the clues are there, all the traces of how you came to love your prison are there. You only have to look to discover and see them for yourself.
But this looking, this clearly seeing, requires unsullied and unified attention, and if most of your attention is devoted to procreation, and all the pleasures and worries that go along with thatand it sometimes seem that most of the things we do has to do with those pleasures and worriesyoull never be in a position actually to look, actually to see.
I am going to go out on a limb here and mentioned that the Buddha once called sex the destruction of the bridge to Nibbna. He referred to it as the one craving that could not be refined to serve the path to holiness. He pointed out that whereas other cravings can all be sublimated to support the path, the sexual compulsion is so strong that we cannot master it, it will, like an unbreakable spell, enslave us if allow it entry, if we fall under it.
And how do we fall under its spell? We go too near.
We allow the smallest of fractures in our armor, we let our guard down even the tiniest of fractions to allow a single drop of that urge to enter, for that drop will fester and explode into growth that will not be stilled until you claw your way to relieve the tension, until you crest on the sensation we call sexual release.
Yes, I am aware that this is possibly not what you came here today to hear. Yes, I am aware that the sexual drive, and all its many, many, many sub-drives, if you will, make upif you study it closelythe better part of our lives. Am I then telling you not to live?
No, I am not telling you that, I am telling you not to be quite so human.
Here, she paused and surveyed the small ocean of upturned faces. There were people everywhere she looked, on the lawn and square they were standing shoulder to shoulder. Many were leaning out of buildings, others had climbed the trees. The sun had now broken through and reflected off the many lenses trained on her, recording every word. So unlike the discourses delivered so long ago, where only the small lake of saffron-covered monks would be faced in her direction.
The spread of faces maintained their silence, clearly waiting for more. A little stunned perhaps, shocked a few, both amused and bemused others. Well, that came with the territory.
I know that we treasure our humanness. I know that we have treasured it for so long that it has become an integral part of us, this veneration for all things human.
And over the last century sexuality has become a major study. Not in terms of how to subjugate it, mind you, but how to live with it, how to survive as its slave.
By the way, I am not advocating the destruction of the species. I am not saying to shun sex altogether and forever, which, of course, would have that as an inevitable result. No, I am pointing out that intuitively man, through the ages, and in most of his religions, have known to shun sex in order to achieve spiritual purity or fulfillment. He has recognized that the power of this drive was, and is, too great, too dangerous, to take on directly, at least in our current state of spiritual weakness.
Lust is, as I said, primarily a mental phenomenon. It is the constant anticipation of those few seconds of sexual release that seem to make all the work, all the dating, all the fighting, all the killing of younger horses, all the myriad of things that make up the courting ritual worth their while.
But do face it, please. The release of sexual tension we call orgasm is only a matter of a few seconds, a matter of a few seconds that some will toil and suffer through uninterrupted weeks, months, or even years to achieve.
Talk about impermanence.
Each word, as it left one of the many surrounding speakers in perfect German fidelity, seemed to stun the crowed into a fascination deeper still. It was hard to tell whether this was due to the unexpected message, whether it was due to the spellbinding clarity of the voice, or to the startling contrast between the beauty of the dark-haired speaker and the words she spoke.
At this pause you could hear the birds returning to their business, apparently having lost interest in the subject. The wind, toothings to do now, places to gohad resurrected as well, but the audience remained dead silent, awaiting her next words, which were:
I am not saying that sex as an activity or as a sensation is inherently bad or harmful. It is a natural phenomenon here on Earth. Neither good nor bad. It simply is.
But I am saying that its danger lies in its attraction, for it attracts, seizes, and holds captive so much of your attention that you have noneor nowhere near enoughat your disposal to look, to see, to discern the truth of our situation.
It puts blinders on us, blinders that we love to call ours and that we love to wear.
And as for value
The next moment was to be debated widely over the next several days. All the videos shown on television and liberally posted on the Internet show Ruth Marten standing up, leaning slightly into the microphones, surveying the crowd as she addresses it, now brushing a small river of hair out of her face with her left hand as she says the word value and in the next frame, the next moment, she is flat on the stage, gazing out at the crowd as if trying to find the source of the bullet that missed her. Then she points to a building beyond the crowd. Then she is covered by security guards.
But there is no falling down.
In none of the records of the event, is there a falling down.
There is a standing up, there is a lying flat, there is no falling motion, nor any time in which that motion could haveshould haveoccurred. Standing up, lying flat. Thats it. As if the falling had been edited out.
Most of the commentary, and most of the subsequent opinions, claim the footage simply had to have been edited. So easy these days, just snip a second or two out of the sequence, and this is exactly what you wind up with.
But another chorus of voices, many of them belonging to professional television crews and editors, protested their innocence: they had not, repeat not, altered the videos in any way.
Impossible, impossible, cried commentators and public opinion both, impossible. Someone should do something about this incessant tampering with public perception. Impossible. So impossible, in fact, that in this wind-whipped sea of opinions Wolfgang Bauer was almost forgotten.
:
I felt rather than saw the steady, gloved finger curl around the trigger, easing it to its resting point halfway toward engagement. Then the deep breath and the slow exhale to signal that the practiced finger had set out to complete its journey for the kill.
I had no choice, there was no time to fall, the bullet was already on its way and, I knew, with such precision that my head would explode the next instant. I had to do it.
So, I un-stood where I was and re-lay on the floor of the stage. To the mortal eye this happens in the one same instant, in truth it happens in precisely two consecutive instants, in two consecutive nows.
How long is now? What width the razors edge of the present?
Let me say this: A fall from standing up behind the microphones to lying prostrate on the floor of the stage would span thousands of presents, many thousand nows. The bullet would arrive in only a handful of these same nows, I had no choice.
So, in one of these immeasurably small nows I stood, in the very next I lay on the stage floor. I un-stood, I re-lay. Not very human, but I can do these things.
ThisI realized as I tried to determine the location of the shooter, then did, then pointed towould be a hard event to explain, a thousand video cameras recording it.
Roth had given me fair warning, and I quietly thanked him for that. Now, here came the security guards and many others crowding onto the stage to discover that I am still very much alive, and to, yes, cover me up with their far too late and much too bulky presence.
:
Wolfgang Bauer was possibly the perfect prospect.
Loyal to a fault. Sharpshooter by trade. And a good one at that, perhaps the best they had. An appointment to the security detail of the Ruth Marten event was easily arranged by a superior several rungs up the ladder.
And he was in financial trouble. Not well documented, but they had ways of determining these things.
Four days before the event he was asked to appear in his lieutenants office at precisely three oclock, which was, precisely, when he arrived. To find not only his lieutenant but also two men he did not know personally, but did know by reputation. And there was a third man he had never seen before. It was this third man who spoke. Wolfgang could not place his accent, possibly Swiss.
Mr. Bauer, said the man. Would you like to receive a three-year bonus?
Wolfgang looked from one to the other of the four men in the room that now felt a bit small to him.
What does it mean, sir, if you dont mind me asking, three-year bonus?
How much do you make a year, Mr. Bauer?
Wolfgang looked over at his lieutenant, who nodded, yes, answer the man.
Sixty-two thousand euros, sir.
Then a three-year bonus would mean one hundred eighty-six thousand euros.
Again Wolfgang looked at his lieutenant, was this for real? Really happening?
As if discerning the question his lieutenant nodded, Yes Wolfgang, this is happening.
Would I like to make that much money? he asked of the man he now definitely thought of as the Swiss.
Thats the question.
Yes, sir. I would.
All right then. We are going to ask you to perform a task for us. In four days time. You are to ask no questions about why, only about how. Would that be acceptable to you?
Yes, sir.
The Swiss looked at the two men who flanked him, they both nodded. Go ahead.
Are you familiar with Ruth Marten?
Yes, sir.
She will be here in Berlin in four days time.
Yes, at the Humboldt University. Ive read about it.
You will be assigned to the security detail for that event, and once the lecture begins you will make your way to a pre-designated spot with a clear line to the stage.
Yes, sir.
And from thereit will be inside a remote buildingas soon as you can take the shot, you will kill her.
He had not seen this coming, but once he did he realized he should have seen it. He should have seen it at one hundred eighty-six thousand euros.
He looked over at his lieutenant again, who said and did nothing. All up to him now.
Wolfgang Bauer was not stupid. He knew that Ruth Marten was making serious waves, not only in her native America but the world over. Rocking many boats. And he could see how some elements in his country, or any country for that matter, wouldnt mind that she went away. He was asked to facilitate this. For a three-year bonus. It would save his house, and with it also his marriage, he was quite sure of that.
And this was, obviously, officially sanctioned. Those two top brass were here, and his boss for heavens sake. Which is why he said:
Yes, sir.
All right then. Your lieutenant will give you the details of this assignment.
Yes, sir.
Nodding all around, and the three men left the room, which again regained its normal size.
Wolfgang, said his lieutenant. At ease.
Wolfgang Bauer shifted his weight, but did not relax.
Take a seat, said his lieutenant.
Yes, sir, said Wolfgang Bauer, and did.
You will undoubtedly wonder why, but all Im going to say about thatwell, for heavens sake, all I know about thatis that we are doing the Americans a favor.
Yes, sir, said Wolfgang Bauer.
:
They had selected a near perfect location for the task.
A loosely curtained fourth-floor window. Ample room for a tripod to support his long-range rifle. The stage where Ruth Marten would address the crowd was a fraction over three hundred meters away, at a first floor level with the raised platform. A gentle, steady wind now from the west, shifting the curtains a little, making it impossible to see him from the outside, but affording him a perfect view. Under these conditions he would hit a tennis ball at twice the distance. He was that good, and he knew it.
He checked his watch. Only twenty minutes now until she took the stage, give or take.
He went through the sequence again: finalize calibrations to ensure accuracy of sight, await the signalthree rapid knocks on the door, most likely about fifteen or twenty minutes into the lecture (he had no idea what the criteria were for the final go-ahead, but this was not for him to query), make any last second re-calibration if conditions have changed, fire the shot, collect the bullet casing, withdraw into the room, dismantle rifle and return to its canvas bag, dismantle tripod and return to its canvas bag, scan room to make sure no trace of his presence left behind, leave by the back stairs, enter the gray van idling outside the back entrance through the tail doors which will stand slightly open, hand the two canvas bags to the guard in the back of the van, travel with him for approximately five minutes, exit the van and get in the light-blue Volkswagen with Stuttgart plates waiting there (the driver will have a green woolen cap), drive to unknown but safe location and lie low there until the wind dies down, a few weeks or so.
End of mission.
Collect three-year bonus, go on with life.
Ten minutes to go.
If anything the wind was dying down now. He checked his scope and adjusted it slightly, minutely, to compensate for the lighter wind. Not that he had to, even allowing for a fairly wide margin of error, at this distance and under these conditions he simply could not miss. Even so, perfection breeds perfection, that was his motto in these matters.
He trained the rifle on the four stage microphones, cross-haired the second one from the right, took a deep breath, let it out slowly, and flexed his trigger finger. Smooth. Piece of pie, as the Americans say, or was it cake?
He wondered again why they wanted her dead so badly, the Americans. As instructed he had not asked any questions, but they had not forbidden him to wonder. He had watched some of her footage on the Internet. She was captivating, to say the least. Dangerously so, perhaps. He knew all about captivating speakers, it was part of his national heritage. Knew all about the dangers of such people, and perhaps that was why they were so eager to help the Americans. Eager enough to offer him a three-year bonus.
Five minutes.
He went through the sequence again, rapidly checking of each point.
One minute. Or so.
He took up his final position, trained the rifle on the spot where he anticipated the American girls face to be.
The crowd outside suddenly sprung to roaring life, so suddenly and so loudly that it took a few moments for Wolfgang to realize that they were applauding. And here she came. Smiling. Smiling. Her head in perfect focus. The best place for a bullet is the left eye. Even at this angle, from slightly above, the left eye would be best. He trained the crosshairs on the left eye and held it there. Smooth. Piece of pie.
Now she waived at the crowd, no not waived really, she was asking them to stop applauding, but they didnt get that, they just applauded more and louder. He checked his watch. Plus three minutes now. And finally, the swell of hand-thunder (which is what his father had called it) began to die down, and now they were quiet. She was really pretty, this Ruth Marten. There, the crosshairs precisely on the left eye. Keep them there. He checked the wind again, virtually down to nothing, should he adjust for that? No, no need. He retrained the sight on the left eye, held it there. Awaited the signalwhich might be another fifteen minutes in coming. But that did not bother him. He was good at this. Good at focus, good at waiting.
He was and wasnt listening to what she was saying. The words flowed out across the square and lawn loudly and clearly but his English was not particularly good, and really, he needed to focus on the task at handher left eyenot on her words. She was really pretty though.
He checked his watch again. Plus twelve minutes now. Stay focused.
He noticed that the wind had died down altogether. All right, he would make the final adjustment, it was part of the steps. A brief, minute calibration. Done. He re-trained the scope, left eye. All set. Checked the wind again, it stayed dead.
Checked his watch again. Plus sixteen now.
No wind. Left eye in focus.
Checked his watch again. Plus eighteen.
Three soft knocks.
At first he froze, then he melted into sheer focus. He verified his aim, her left eye. Perfectly still, the crosshairs, right on the left eye. Right there while she brushes away some strands of hair with her hand. He pressed the trigger to the half-way point, took a deep breath and slowly let it out while he slowly pulled the trigger home.
No one would have heard the shot, the silencer was that efficient.
She fell. A perfect hit. Of course. In fact, Wolfgang had never seen anyone collapse that instantly. Amazing. A little too instantly, if youd ask him. Amazing.
Then he sees what he could not possibly see. The girl moves. Looks in his direction then directly at him and she points. And that spins the world from calm accuracy into instant catastrophe. From where they came he didnt know, but suddenly the girl was covered by what must have been a dozen men. No chance for a second shot at all. Some of the men now looking in his direction, too, and pointing.
Scheisse!
His next impulse is to run, but he is too disciplined for that. The sequence, etched in this mind calls for collecting the casing, which he did. Calls for pulling back from the window and into the room, which he did. Calls for dismantling the rifle, which he did. And the tripod. And check around for anything else, and here the door flings open, crashes open really, and two, three, four armed guards, weapons drawn and trained on him rush in.
Theres nothing for it. He raises his hands in the air. Dont shoot, he says.
:
After an vigorous search, the German police retrieved the hollow-point bullet from deep in the ground far back of the stage. The investigators, calibrating angles and placements, determined that had Miss Marten not collapsed when she did, she would surely be dead now.
Without a doubt.
While the media debate about the missing video footage continued on both sides of the Atlantic, the American side of it issued a strong and formal protest to the German government about security measures so lax that they could not guarantee the safety of an American citizen invited to lecture in Berlin. It was unacceptable. So all things American agreed.
The Germans took this rebuke with a very straight face (since they had been promised amble recompense) but were nonetheless truly embarrassed about having in fact failed the agreed-upon mission.
Both governments were also inspecting official video records of the incident, and there was no doubt in anyones mind that the impossible had in fact occurred. The sequence had not been tampered with, both sides confirmed this. One of the television crews had the perfect angle: it showed Miss Marten addressing the crowd, now brushing a few strands of hair out of her face, then, with no interval at all, lying prostrate on the stage.
No matter how many times they replayed the footage, the shift (for it was not a move, they called it a shift) was instant. Standing uplying down.
Asked about this Miss Marten pleaded utter innocence, she had no idea what they were talking about. She fell. No, she didnt know why. Tired, perhaps, after the long flight.
If there was one blessing in being an assassination target it was that youre not too pressed for answers, you are, after all, the victim, not the perpetrator.
In the end, the public view landed squarely on the side of outrage at the media who had, and so obviously, tampered with the footage. Many of the Internet posters of the same sequence begged to differ, of course.
The official word was finally handed down (coordinated to the highest level, for there was no acceptable explanation for the truth): yes, the video records shown had been edited to remove Miss Martens collapse. How well over a thousand recordings had been equallyprecisely soedited was never addressed, not to anyones satisfaction, anyway.
:
Ananda finally reached George Roth on the phone, an audibly upset George Roth who kept repeating that he had warned them.
I know, Ananda said for the third time. I know.
Its got CIA written all over it, said Roth.
But the State Department has issued a formal protest, said Ananda.
Of course theyll protest, said Roth. Thats the official, the perception level of government. Trust me, they were behind this all the way.
Will they try again?
Most likely.
Ananda shook his head, this was spinning out of hand, while the Tathagata was not even upset about it. To be expected, was her much too flippant reaction.
What do you suggest? asked Ananda.
Pack up and get back here. Now.
Shes been invited to speak at the Sorbonne.
Turn it down, come back. Hire security guards. Dont leave the house. Theyre not going to bomb it.
Shes accepted the invitation.
What?
Shes very stubborn.
So I gather.
She insists on going to Paris.
Shes a fool.
I agree.
When is the Sorbonne engagement?
Not until the fourteenth of next month.
So youre returning here before then.
Yes.
Try to talk her out of it. Really.
I will.
Call me when you return.
I will.



::12:: (Pasadena)

They were escorted the entire way from Berlin to their house in Pasadena by a small army of men, most of them German. These guys meant business and would have no accidents of any kind on their watch. Ruth complained she felt like cattle, something Melissa had to agree with, though she rebuked Ruth for being ungrateful.
Ananda didnt mind, as long as Ruth was safe.
Once back, and once restored to some sort of normalcywhich took a few daysAnanda again tried to talk Ruth out of going to Paris, this time with the help of George Roth and Clare Downes who both had come over that afternoon.
They guarantee my safety, said Ruth.
So did the Germans, said Clare. And theyre pretty expert at these things. Then she looked over at Roth. Then again, as George says, they were most likely in on it. So whats to say that the French wont cooperate with the CIA as well.
The French dont like the Americans, suggested Ruth.
Dont be flippant, said Melissa.
Dont go, said Roth. Thats the only advice I can give. Stay here. Request police protection or hire a security firm to ensure it. Dont leave the house. Not for a while anyway. I will see what else I can find out.
You still have access? said Clare.
In a manner of speaking, yes.
Im going, said Ruth.
Why on earth? said Ananda.
Because it will get more coverage than any lecture ever given, said Ruth. Because that is why I am here.
That is why you are here? said Roth, clearly not understanding.
The others exchanged glances. Thats right, Roth had not been briefed. Somehow, in the excitement of things they had forgotten this.
When no one answered, Roth said, What am I missing?
They exchanged glances again, an unspoken No, you go tossed between them, none too eager to run with it. It finally fell to Clare.
George, she said.
Yes.
Ruth, here, is the Buddha.
George said nothing.
Remember when she spoke inside you?
George nodded, yes he did remember that, very clearly.
You saw the footage of the attempt.
Of course.
Do you think that it was edited?
No, I dont.
So how do you explain, to yourself, her sudden shift from standing to lying prone?
I havent. Its not possible. But I mean to ask her about that.
Well, thats the answer.
Whats the answer?
She is the Buddha returned.
George Roth took a long look at Ruth Marten and with the same intensity that he would study a section of the starry night sky, opening all his senses for patterns for what was truly there. And in that looking, Ruth quietly said within him, I am, you know.
Holy shit, said Roth.
Thats one way of putting it, said Ananda.
Im sorry, said Roth, but it was doubtful he meant it. And not taking his eyes of Ruth, not even to blink, said, Are you telling me that the rumors, which I must confess appeared farfetched to me, are actually true?
Aloud this time, Ruth said, Yes.
How is that even possible? said Roth, but again, more for filling the silence than to actually answer a question, because the pattern he perceived made sense, felt congruous to him. The voice, she shifting, the message, and yes, above all the message.
If she sensed this, Ruth did not let on. Instead she said, Im not sure precisely how, just that it is, and that I am.
Roth only nodded his reply this time, finally letting go her eyes, and looking over at the others. And you knew this, of course?
Nods all around.
Then looked back at Ruth, And you are still planning to go to Paris. A statement made without much hope.
Yes I am.
What can I say? he began, then scrambled for words as the concept returned with renewed force, You knew this all along? And you still went to Berlin?
Yes, said Ruth.
And how did you? The shift? The stumble, as you call it?
Its one of these things I can do, said Ruth.
He had no answer to that, but rediscovered his original question, What can I say to persuade you not to go to Paris?
I am going, Agent Roth.
My question was what can I say to persuade you not to.
Oh, I heard it fine, she said. I will keep my eyes open.
So theres nothing? said Roth.
No, there is not.
Again Roth looked to the others for support, especially Melissa. But this was ground already thoroughly trodden, that was the pattern he perceived. She was going then.
Perhaps I can be of some help, he said. Then added, If I come along, I mean.
I would like that very much, said Melissa, and Ruth nodded in agreement.
Id like to travel with you as well, said Clare.
Sure, said Ruth.



::13:: (Sorbonne)

The Sorbonne affair proved a more manageable size, and less of a nightmare for security.
After the near-catastrophe in Berlin, the organizers changed their mind from a large off-campus, outdoor venue to the much smaller on-campus Centre Universitaire Malesherbes which only seated 500 odd people, plus another couple of hundred standing in the isles. To compensate, and to accommodate the well over one hundred thousand demands for seats, the lecture would not only be televised in all lecture halls throughout campus, but in all other auditoria and lecture rooms in schools throughout the city, her address now being referred to as a city-wide Paris lecture.
Roth was visibly relieved when he learned the details about the event, Much easier to control, he said, studying several maps of the auditoriumincluding the structural onessurveying the rooms layout for weak spots. Finding none he returned the maps to the nervous official who wasnt really sure who Roth was, only that he was ordered to give him all the assistance he required.
It was as he turned from the nervous official back to Ananda that something, or someone rather, caught his eye, a pair of eyes a little too searching, a little too cautious. And the face, only visible to Roth for a second, then turned blond back of the head, then it was gone, swallowed by the almost but not quite chaotic energy backstage.
Well, thats good, said Ananda.
Yes, said Roth, more to himself.
What is it? said Ananda.
Dont know, said Roth. Not sure. Excuse me for a minute. He set out to follow the one piece that didnt fit this pattern, the one piece that sank and settled in the pit of his stomach, with weight.
Rounding a narrow corner, having expected to catch the back of that blond head again, he saw nothing: just a short run of a narrow corridor, five meters perhaps, then another door, which, when he reached it, proved to be locked. He turned, no one. He looked again at the door, looked closer at the lock, and saw what appeared to be fresh disturbance of the dust around the lock itself, some motes seemed to still hover wondering if settling would be safe yet: someone (with a key) had just gone through this door.
Roth returned to Ananda in a run, looked around for the official assigned to him and saw him at the far side of the platform talking to some of his colleagues. Another brief run, Follow me, please, he said. And then repeated when the man didnt seem to comprehend. Then repeated again as he grabbed the mans arm. Follow me, this way.
When they arrived at the door, Roth asked, Where does it lead?
The guard pointed up. The roof.
The roof, the outside roof?
No, not the roof, what do you call it, inside?
The ceiling?
Yes, up to inside the ceiling.
And it has been cleared?
Of course.
Someone just entered through this door.
No, thats not possible. We entered through the other side, no one used this door.
Someone just went through here, said Roth. Ive examined the lock.
Impossible, said the man.
Look, said Roth. I will speak to whomever I need to speak to, but you need to sweep the ceiling area again, someones up there.
Impossible, said the man, apparently set to defend French honor to the bitter end. Roth saw the writing on the wall, turned, and ran back down the corridor and out onto the stage, looked for another white shirt with epaulets, saw one, but by then his own man had caught up with him, Yes, okay, yes. he said, indicating his change of heart but not admitting to defeat.
Make sure they get this done before Miss Marten goes on.
Of course, said the man, then walkednot quite ranto the man Roth had spotted cross-stage. Roth followed, and heard the French version of his request, while being pointed at.
Right now, said Roth to the guy with a pair of ribbons on his epaulets, bossy ribbons. Someones up there.
The boss nodded, more concerned about the safety of their guest than about being right, and within a minute Roth saw a swarm of guards running past andas he tagged onrun through the now unlocked door and up what seemed to be stairs. It turned out to be a narrowone-man-at-a-timespiral staircase. In less than five minutes they came back down, leading the blondand upsettingly familiarman between them. One of the guards was carrying a small, but very high-tech rifle, apparently taken from the would-be assassin.
The pair of ribbons on his epaulets, dark and now sweating, came up to Roth. Thank you mister. I dont know how we missed him.
You didnt miss him, he just went up there.
The man shook his head, a this-is-very-bad, exasperated shake of disbelief. There was never any access this way, he said. That was part of the protocol.
Roth did not answer, partly out of American pridehe recognized the man and did not want to admit that someone from his side of the Atlantic was doing this; partly out of sheer apprehension. If one, why not two, or three?
The rest, he said to the man. All clear?
Yes.
Can you check again, please?
Miss Marten is due on any minute. He looked at his watch.
Please, said Roth, and the man nodded in agreement.
:
Roth found Ruth, along with Ananda, Melissa, and Clare Downes in a nicely appointed dressing room, or what had, on short notice, been pressed into service as one.
They found another one, he said as the burst into the room.
Four pairs of startled eyes asked similar questions.
Another assassin, said Roth.
Oh, my God, said Melissa, and almost fell down. Clare Downes caught her, and eased her into a chair.
Roth turned to Ruth. You have to cancel, he said. There could be others.
I thought everything was clear, said Ananda. They told us everything was searched and cleared.
I think they will say what theyre ordered to say, said Roth. This, believe me, is not good.
Ruth said nothing for a breath or two, but stood stock still, appearing to be listening to some remote, faint sound. Then she said, Theres no one else.
Roth was about to protest again the danger she was in when he realized that she could indeed perceive danger, and did know. I see, he said.
Ruth smiled at him. Thanks so much for your concern, Agent Roth. Well spotted.
Roth believed he knew what she meant by that and relaxed a little.
Youre still going on? said Melissa, incredulous.
Itll be all right, now, said Ruth. Our local agent has seen to that.
Ananda drew breath as to weigh in on the discussion, but changed his mind, knowing who he was dealing with. Clare Downes, too, seem reconciled with Ruths perception that all would be fine.
Then a small bellalso a temporary arrangementrang, and that (so they had been told) meant one minute to go. They would come and get her when it was time.
And then the door opened into a room that had stayed quiet for the last sixty seconds. Follow me, please, Miss Marten.
She did so.
:
They told me there would be seven hundred people in the room, and well over a hundred thousand through the university video network. Also, for the first time, there would be a live international feed courtesy of the Sorbonne. Apparently, USC had agreed to that.
The room itself was filled to the bursting point, some even shared seats, by the looks of it, those standing were crammed shoulder to shoulder, not very comfortably. Probably close to a thousand, all told.
There, where I had expected to find them, were Ananda, Melissa, Clare, and our industrious Agent Roth. I smiled at them, and all but Roth smiled backstill busy matching patterns and sensing if all indeed is well. Still looking out for me. He is a good man.
The rustle of the crowd died down, and I set out to wake some sleepers and steer some seekers.
There are some nine million different species of life here on earth, most of them beetles, as it happenssome 350,000 species of them. Dont ask me why they are so popular. And dont ask me who counted them all.
Life, in a word, is everywhere, from the seventy or eighty trillion cells that make up our human bodies and the one hundred trillion or so microbes that make our stomachs (yes, for each and every one of us) their homeand without which we would not be able to digest foodto the 12,000 different species of round worms, to the 4,000 or so different species of mammals: life is everywhere. In water, on land, in air.
This home planet of ours is literally teeming with life.
Much can be, and has been, said about all this life, about its many similarities and its many differences.
The one thing, however, that is rarely pointed out, is the one thing that all life has in common, apart from being life, of course: life eats. All life here on earth, to survive, has to eat. And the sad thing is that for all but the most basic life formsincluding most happy plantslife eats itself.
We call this hungera whip so much stronger than sex ever was or ever will be. For while the sexual urge is all focused on tomorrow, a new colony of cells and microbes to declare a homestead when the one were occupying gives out, hunger cares little about tomorrow, it cares only about now.
Hunger. Sufficiently severe, it will drive even the most tranquil relationship into a feeding frenzy. It will kill anything that opposes it, for death is never, not for any living thing, a viable option (and I guess that pun is intended).
The truth is that this Earth of oursand any other world where this tragic equation is in playwould be a peaceful place if we did not have to eat each other.
This absolute necessity to eatfor there really is no other option, you either eat or dieis the root of defense, protection, hatred, wars, killing.
Seeing as our physical shells are not what we in truth are, eating is an obscene need that embroils every living thing on the planet, at least every alive thing beyond plant life, which survives just fine on sunlight, water, carbon dioxide and minerals, thank youmainly nitrogen, she added as a clarification, for carbon dioxide and water combine to sugar, which plants love.
Happy, indeed, is the algae who simply needs carbon dioxide and sunlight. Why was life not satisfied with that? What was lifes need to evolve?
I dont really know, but evolve it did, and as life forms grew more complex, as larger and larger cell colonies networked into larger and larger bodiesall the way from the tiniest insect to the blue whalewe could no longer make due with sunlight, water, carbon dioxide, and minerals. We needed, and looked for, a shortcut, and the best shortcut available was either the plants, which in their eagerness to grow, built a pretty hearty diet for us mammalsask the cow, or the deer, or the gorilla for that matter, they all do very well on plant foodeither plants or other living creatures.
Perhaps we should have settled with plants as food. That makes for a nice progression, logicalbeautiful, even. No one gets hurt, no one has to fear for his or her life. But, alas, this was not to be.
I dont know that anyone has discovered precisely how and where, but at some point some life form or another discovered that an even shorter shortcut to getting at food, was to eat another of your own (or similar) kind. Why eat plants, which you then have to laboriously digest and reconstitute or reassemble to those proteins and other building blocks that go to make up your body? Why not eat the already constituted proteins in some living thing smaller (albeit most often quicker)  than you? Why not chase it down and consume already prepared, why not call it pre-digested plant food in the form of these smaller animals. So much better, so much easier to digest and absorb, so much easier to assimilate.
I dont know where and when this happened, but I do know that today this has become the norm: only the more tranquil of our species (or any species for that matter) eat plants: the rest eat each other.
And here, at this uncomfortable truth, at this very junction of not having a choice but to kill you because its either you or me, spring all immediate ills of this world. For it is either your body or mine that will survive, and from my view I so much prefer it if the surviving body was mine. Therefore, sit still now and let me eat you.
And if it wont sit still, youll chase it, youll chase it even with your last breath, because you have to, have to, have to catch it and eat it, or you are the one who will die.
There is no more horrible an equation in the world, at least none that I know of.
Perhaps an answer would be for everyone to go vegan. Yes, that would solve some of the problem, but its much too late for such a simple solution: too many species other than man resort to the same shortcut, eating their smalleror dumbercousins.
Kill or get killed. Dog eat dog. Survival of the fittest. Kill to eat. Kill or starve. Kill or starve.
Pick your motto, it will serve for this, yes, this terrible circumstance.
Compared to hunger, sex is as nothing. You can defy sex as an urgeand many doit will not kill you. Defy hunger as an urge, and it will.
Kill you.
I pause here to measure the impact of my words. To perceive whether the outrageous truth of what I am saying is actually reaching these people, reaching them all the way. Touching their hearts.
And in the silence that now seems to thicken I perceive that it does, that the paradoxical ugliness of nutrition, of life having to eat itself, is finding fertile soil in these people.
Then I break the silenced to convey to them one of the most disturbing photographs I have ever seen. It was of a Russian peasant couple during the Stalin era, so close to death by starvation that they ate their children, remaining parts of whom could be seen in the black and white picture. But that was not the most terrifying thing about it. The most terrifying thing about the image was their eyes, four dark windows to the deepest guilt humans can feel. So deep that they must not, could not allow themselves to feel it, rendering their eyes as dead as stones. Two bodies, still alive, side by side, facing the old camera as statues of the deepest desperation.
I hear several gasps as I manage to express the image, even a short shriek. Yes, I get it across well. The silence now not only thickens further but darkens.
Then I say, Yet this physical hunger is as nothing compared to the mental hunger of our minds.
I pause again to let these words sink in. Then I repeat, This physical hunger is as nothing compared to the mental hunger of our minds.
Then I quote myself, We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts we make the world. Speak or act with an impure mind and trouble will follow you as the wheel follows the ox that draws the cart. Speak or act with a pure mind and happiness will follow you as your shadow, unshakable.
Mistaking the false for the true, and the true for the false, you overlook the heart and fill yourself with desire
A very wise man said this about twenty-five hundred years ago, give or take. You can find them in Dhammapada.
The truth is that our hunger for world is deeper than our hunger for food. Our hunger for sensation is deeper by far than our hunger for sustenance.
But while we cannot still our hunger for food by anything short of foodphysical hunger is not stillable by any other means, such is its naturewe can still our hunger for world by meditation, seeing in that deeper stillness that we intend our hunger, that we indeed choose that craving, that we make this world, and all sensations it offers, as food for our minds.
You never give yourself anywhere close to enough credit. You are in fact as powerful as any god, but you do an admirable job of hiding this not only from others but also, and mainly, from yourself.
Only the stillness of meditation offers you a view deep enough to see and experience this.
I look over at Ananda who nods in agreement, eyes closed. A faint smile, not quite as self-deprecating as I recall from the old days, but still quite humble. He knows the hungers, and knows their quenching.
Our physical hunger cannot be un-hungered, lest the body dies. The body will hunger, increasingly severely all the way to death. No matter how much we will it not to hunger, it will hunger, for we hunger the world to foster this physical hungerit is part of our blueprint.
To un-hunger the body, we must un-hunger the world, for that is one hunger that we can master, the one intention we can retract, that we can un-intend or, more correctly, simply cease intending.
Ceasing the hunger for world is the essence of letting go. As long as we continue to crave and love our forms and feelings the world will maintain, for that is how we maintain the world.
Am I recommending the destruction of the world? Perhaps so. Why not? For when all is said and done, what has the worldand your hunger for itgiven you in return but suffering (perhaps interrupted now and then by the pleasantly fleeting).
Then I decide to point at this craving from another angle.
They say that the heroin addict spends all of his remaining days chasing the tsunami of his first heroin high. He apparently never finds it, for all subsequent sensations are just degrees of the shadow cast by that one, first, thrill.
Still, though experience constantly tells him he never will, he hopes to find its match and never ends this quest, never lets go this thirst, this craving for that initial geyser of euphoria.
Our hunger for world, for existence, seems not unlike this. Our first taste of this created world of sensation must have been so inconceivablyand unmatchablypleasant that we must find it again. So alluring that we to this day refuse to stop chasing.
And to this day we constantly fool ourselves into believing that we have no hand in this. We accept that we are born into it, that we for better or for worse survive through it, to then depart from it. End of story.
Here I pause again, if only to stress my next four words.
We are not victims.
I pause again, then repeat the words. Then elaborate.
We are not victims of this world, of our genes, of circumstance. We are the authors of our lives. Each of us is a fiction lived.
Someone said that dreams seem real as long as they last, and then pointed out that no more could be said of life.
This world is dreamed by us, this hunger is dreamed by us, this suffering is dreamed by us, and we have willed ourselves to forget how to stop dreaming.
It takes the deepest silence to see the source of this dream, but once seen, and fully owned, we again become knowing authors of our lives, and will then, finally, be able to cease our compulsive dreaming.
Not knowing that we are the authors of our lives is the true meaning of ignorance. Seeing that we are is the true meaning of enlightenment.
It takes the stillness of meditation to see this. Seeing this is the purpose of meditation. There is no other purpose.
The only sound in the hall is that of a distant air circulation system, the humming of some subterranean fan. There is also the almost un-hearable disturbance of the high up fluorescent lights. But that is all. The rest is a deep human silence.
For a moment I consider whether to go on talking, or whether I have said enough. The silence tells me I have said enough. So I bow to the audience, turn, and leave the stage.
:
On their flight back from Paris to Los Angeles, Melissa demanded Ruths solemn promise that she would no longer lecture. Or appear in public.
Ruth agreed in part: she would stop lecturing overseas, or at other US campuses or venues for that matter. She would not cease lecturing at USC, she made that quite clear. This, after all, was her job. And they would step up security. Agent Roth promised to see to that.
Melissa was none too happy with this, but in the end saw that this was the only promise she would be able to extract from her daughter.
At this time.
:
About an hour out from Los Angeles Ruth looked up from her in-flight magazine and leaned across a dozing Melissa to her left and said to Ananda who had the aisle seat, Did you know that they named the bodys own THC after you?
Ananda, half awake, surfaced, What?
The body apparently can manufacture its own THC, and they named that after you.
What is THC? said Ananda.
Its the active ingredient in cannabis. It is what causes the marijuana euphoria.
And its called THC?
Yes.
What does that have to do with me?
The body can produce its own THCwell, the compounds are not identical, but near enough to serve the same functionand they named the body compound Anandamide.
Anandamide?
 Ruth held up the magazine to show Ananda the article. Right here. Says right here.
Anandamide. Ananda sounded insulted.
Anandamide.
When Ananda didnt reply, Clare, who sat behind Ruth, and who had overheard the conversion, leaned forward and said, for Anandas benefit, Its true. My sister did all this research into cannabisshe was quite the user, too, for a whileand that was one of the things she discovered.
Anandamide, said Ananda again. Still unhappy about being so plagiarized.
AEA for short, said Ruth.
I prefer that, said Ananda.
I have a question for you, said Clare, addressing Ruth.
Melissa, who was still trying to sleep, and who was not all that interested in the conversation, suggested that Clare and she trade seats, which they then did.
Once she slipped past Roth (who was trying to sleep as well) Melissa pulled down the window shade and returned to her dozing.
What did you want to ask? said Ruth.
My sister, said Clare, as I mentioned, was a great proponent of marijuana. She swore that it helped her see, and especially hear, things she would otherwise never have noticed.
Me, I only tried it once or twice in collegeand who didnt?but I have to agree with her, it seemed to me as if time slowed down allowing you to perceive detail that otherwise would simply slip by in a blur.
Both Clare and Ananda looked over at Ruth. Clare clearly curious, Ananda a little amused, as if wondering how Ruth was best going to put this.
This is how Ruth put it: Life, at least here on Earth, needs some vehicle or agent to perceive. This agent or vehicle is the body. Even the tiniest of creatures, say the microbe, perceives not directly, but via the body.
Then she pauses for thought. Looks over at Ananda who says nothing, meaning he likes what he hears and is now also, same as Clare, curious for more.
The body, whether that of a microbe, or insect, or animal, or human, is like a lens, or better yet, a prism. The eyes and ears or tentacles or other sense organs receive input from the objective world, waves of sight and sound, pressure of touch, and particles of taste and smell. Our prism, a chemical wonder if I ever saw one, then processes this input and presents it in digestible form to us, the consciousness that perceives.
I guess that what Im trying to say is that we all view the world through a chemical prism. We could perceive the world without itand that might be a wholly different worldbut life chooses not to.
The neurochemical processes that allows us to see and hear with some sense of stability, in turn depend on the nutrients we consume. Day to day this is a fairly stable process. The body knows what to do with the molecules it consumes, and all is well.
Something like THC, a very short-lived cousin of which, as I just read, the body can producealthough never in quantities anywhere near what you inhaled, nodding at Clare, alters the chemical makeup of the prism, skews from normal, the paths of perception.
Things slowed down, to a crawl, said Clare.
Actually, said Ruth. One effect of the chemically altered prism is that your sampling of the presentfor you do sample the present constantly, though never in real timespeeds up quite tremendously. Meaning that under normal circumstances you may sample a passing second, say, five times. Under the influence of THC you might sample the same second fifty times, giving you the appearance that each second is actually ten seconds long.
Where did you learn this? said Ananda, impressed.
Ive given it some thought, said Ruth.
Wow, said Clare, still digesting.
Youll probably remember that things in your body, after you inhaled, began to speed up, said Ruth.
They did, said Clare, remembering.
Giving the appearance of slowing down, said Ruth.
Wow, said Clare again. You should write an article or something about this. Ive never heard it explained like this, though this makes perfect sense.
Its true, said Ruth.
Ananda nodded in agreement.
Is that why swearing off intoxicants is part of the five precepts?
Its hard enough to truly see with the prism we drag around day-to-day, confusing the prism with chemicals just makes it harder. Also, she added, THC stirs physical urges and cravings. Sexual urges, and a craving for food, sweets in particular.
Clare nodded. Right on both counts.
Alcohol will also get you into sexual trouble, not because of stimulation but by dissolving restraint.
Clare nodded again.
None of these things, alcohol, marijuana, drugs, sex, sweets, what have you, are intrinsically bad. Nothing is intrinsically bad. But they are unskillful in that they hamper your path.
This, again, is why you meditate. In the fourth Jhana things have really slowed downmeaning that you are now, not physically mind you, but as a consciousness, sampling the present more often, perhaps even in real timethings have really slowed down to a point where you can see, directly, not by the use of your prism, which you have left behind by now, but directly as consciousness, as view.
Now you can, prism-less, see what things really are. Anything that hinders this is unskillful. Thats why we have the precepts.
No killing, no stealing, no lying, no illicit sex, no intoxicants, said Clare.
Those are the five for the lay person, said Ananda. There are others, more stringent ones, all aimed at removing obstacles to seeing clearly.
Yes, said Clare. Yes, I know.
Is that really true? said Roth from behind them, obviously now listening in on the conversation.
Ruth turned to him, Absolutely.
Ill be damned, said Roth.
Even Melissa showed that Ruths little lecture had caught her attention and brought her fully awake, Clares right. You should write an article about this, or something. You explained it very well.
The important thing, said Ruth, addressing Clare again. Is that no thing is good or bad innatelysame as no thing is beautiful or ugly innately. Things are good or bad to the degree they help or hinder your progress on the path. And when it comes to beauty and ugliness, well thats just a matter of opinion, isnt it?
Though, said Clare, it seems theres quite an agreement about that. I mean, most of us considers a sunset beautiful.
Agreed upon opinion, yes, said Ruth. But neither the sun, nor its setting constitute beauty. It is truly in the eyes of the beholder.
In the silence that followed, the drone of the four colossal jet engines seemed to fill the air and carpet the cabin.
Then Rothwho had been mulling the phrase and could not let go of itsaid, What do you mean by in real time? How long is the present, then? Or is there even such a thing as an actual present?
Ruth turned to him, interested, What do you think I mean?
I dont know. Well, what I do knowI did the mathis that you said that even fifty samplings a second is not actually real time, if I heard you right. That means that the present is less than a fiftieth of a second long.
Do you think that there is a discrete present, a distinct now? said Ruth.
There has to be, doesnt it? Were here, arent we? In the present.
Or is that an illusion? said Ruth.
I dont know, said Roth.
Perhaps the present is the width of a molecule. Perhaps a razors edge could hold countless nows.
I dont know, said Roth. I hope you do.
You do, too, said Ruth.
I do?
At heart.
Roth was about to reply when the captain came on the air to announce the start of their decent to Los Angeles International airport, and to tell the flight attendants to begin to prepare for landing.
Once the drone-filled silence returned Roth said, What do you mean, at heart?
What is true, what is illusion, what is the present, past, and future? These questions can only be seen by experience, can only be answered by the person himself, or herself. Have you ever meditated, Agent Roth?
No.
I will teach you.
Id like that, said Roth, and then sank bank into his pondering, into his sensing of patterns, and into the surprising certainty that the young woman in seat 14J was incapable of lying.



::14:: (Pasadena)

Ananda could not help but overhear, for Melissa did not seem to care who heard her, and her voicemore wielded than spokenmost, sounded now and then like tears. He could not remember the last time, if ever, he had heard Melissa so emotional.
The exchange was taking place in the kitchen, Ruthhe could pictureat the table, Melissa by the stove for dinner was just about ready.
You have promised, Ruth. I dont care who you are. You promised me.
Ananda could not make out Ruths reply, if indeed she did say anything.
You promised, said Melissa again, this time turned back toward the stove, for her voice now arrived as if from farther away.
I promised, said Ruth quite clearly, as if she wanted Ananda to hear, and to arrive sooner rather than later to corroborate, that I would no longer travel. I never promised that I would stop lecturing altogether.
That was true, Ananda could corroborate this.
If you did, said Melissa, louder now, so facing Ruth again, I did not hear that.
It is my job, Melissa. I am a teacher. And then Ruth added the word she rarely used these days, Mom.
Melissa did not answer, and Ananda decided this was the right moment to join in the conversation. He rose, stretched a littlethose almost ancient limbs protesting, though not too muchand made his way into the now silent kitchen, but for the murmur of food cooking.
Ananda, said Ruth. Tell her.
Tell her what? said Ananda, mostlyor entirelyfor Melissas benefit.
Tell her that I never promised to stop lecturing.
Melissa turned to him, but Ananda could see that either she had known this all along or she just remembered the air-exchange.
Still, he said, She never promised to stop lecturing.
Melissa didnt answer, but turned back to stirring the fry. Ananda took his seat. Then she said, quietly, to her hands or the just about ready now tofu, I know.
Ruth and Ananda exchanged glances. Ruth drew breath, but Ananda gently shook his head. No, it would not improve upon the silence.
When Melissa had served them, and taken her own seat, she said, I am just so, so incredibly worried about you, Ruth.
I know, said Ruth. I really do know.
Yes, said Melissa, more to herself now. Yes, of course you do.
Ive spoken to USC security, said Ananda. They are fully aware of all that happened in Europe. Agent Roth has spoken to them as well, and offered his services, which they apparently have accepted. They will make sure, absolutely sure, that Ruth is safe.
Can they make absolutely sure? Is there even such a thing, especially under these circumstances? said Melissa.
Ananda and Ruth exchange another glance: there was, of course, no such thing, not under these or any circumstances. But who of them was to admit that?
Neither, as it turned out.
USC security guarantees her safety, said Ananda.
Words, said Melissa.
That may be, but those are words we have to believe, said Ananda.
She could have been killed, said Melissa. Twice.
But I wasnt, said Ruth. And I have a job to do.
You can do that from here, said Melissa. Tape your talks from here.
No, said Ruth. I need, I want a real audience. Besides, I am not hiding.
Agent Roth, said Ananda before Melissa could offer another objection cum suggestion, told me that it is very unlikely that they would try something on U.S. soil, as he put it. Europe was one thing, they could try things at arms length. Here, there is no such distance. Its all on them if something happens. Its their home turf.
Who are they? asked Melissa after a short spell, her face slightly pained as if she was digesting something unpalatable.
He does not really know, but he believes that the U.S. Government is involved, at least on some level. Hes doing his best, he says, to find out.
Well, thats just it, said Melissa, tears not far off. If our Government sees fit to kill my daughter, does it matter where she props herself up as a target?
By that token, said Ruth. Im as much of a target right here.
Brutal, thought Ananda. But true. Melissa fought but failed to hold back new tears.
Sorry, Mom, said Ruth. That wasnt fair.
But true, said Ananda. If they truly want her dead at any cost, and neither I nor Agent Roth believe that they do, she is not truly safe anywhere. Roth believes that they will abandon any assassination plans now that shes back home, but warns that they will probably deploy some other tactic to stop her.
Just because she threatens their bottom line, said Melissa, wiping her eyes with indignation. Big Pharmas profits.
Thats about the size of it, said Ananda, Ruth nodding in agreement.
That just isnt fair, said Melissa, almost petulantly.
No it is not, agreed Ananda.
At least were getting a lot of coverage, suggested Ruthattempting to lighten the discussion with a silver lining no matter how tenuous.
As a statement it could hardly be more true. Recent U.S. and world-wide news had been about little else. Two attempts on this young prodigy teachers life. Many outlets had revived earlier coverage from her Cal Tech days, as well as her Federico Alvarez episode. And her (outrageous) claim to be the Buddha. Her youth. Her genius. Many papers and stations, however, even though critical of Ruth herself, took serious issue with anyone in Europe shooting at an American citizen, and in essence took her side. Some even questioned the authorities capability to keep her alive on American soil, to which a spokesman quickly responded with glossy assurances.
Are you saying this has been worth it? said Melissa, clearly not pleased. Someone trying to kill you is worth it?
Frankly, since they failed, yes.
Youre not helping, offered Ananda.
Damn right, shes not, confirmed Melissa.
Im sorry, said Ruth. I dont want to appear flippant about this. But you know that I have a job to do, and the job is getting done. I thinkno, I knowthat Im touching people, that Im reaching people, when the powers that be feel threatened to this extent.
Is that supposed to be the silver lining? said Melissa.
Its supposed to be the truth, answered her daughter. It is the truth.
Melissa looked over to Ananda for support, surely he saw reason.
What she said, said Ananda, pointing at Ruth with his fork.
This is not funny, said Melissa.
It wasnt meant to be, said Ananda. Tathagata has a job to do. She is doing it. And she is doing it well. That much is true. It is a frightening situation, yes, I agree, but we have to make the best of it. We have help, we have exposure. I am sure, as sure as I can be under these circumstances, that Ruth, the her life, will be safe. But regardless, she has a job to do, and we, she, cannot stop now. She cannot cower or hide. And you, Melissa, in your heart know this.
In her heart, Melissa does know, and there is no need for a reply.
:
The following Tuesday, its now the 17th of March, Ruth Marten returns to her lecture hall, andas if nothing out of the ordinary had taken place at allgives her class (and a curious faculty, almost outnumbering the students) the first in a series of lectures on npnasati, meditation on in- and out-breathing.
npnasati is what the Buddha practiced during his night of enlightenment, she tells them. And it is what he mostly practiced for the rest of his life.
She suggested two books on the subject, both of whichwithin dayshad set national and international download records, much to the publishers delight. The few print copies that remained were bought up within an hour of the first lecture (as usual) going viral on the Internet.
It was as if Ruth Marten could not have planned it better. Events, along with her earlier history and recent lectures, had made her a national, and international, celebrity, and an unusual celebrity at that: a believable celebrity.
The media soon reports a true npnasati meditation swell; the word tsunami is used, and a little too often (it soon wears thin). Still, fact remains, more people than ever in the history of the world were in fact setting out on a path of meditation. Even some of the television news anchors admitted to trying itinitially out of professional curiosity, but soon, as one admission went, there was no denying the peace it gathered. This, of course, did nothing to halt the swell.
The word craze was also used a lot, especially among those who gleefully predicted the imminent and worldwide abandonment of this collective insanity, an abandonment that refused to materialize.
And refused to materialize.
And so, by the time the April 15th Faith Summit convened in New York, organized religion had a problem on its hand, very much so.



::15:: (New York City)

Though kept from both press and public, it was no common knowledge within the agencyand Roth, through hints (and some direct comments) from his former colleagues, soon pieced things together: that the New York Faith Summit was in fact suggested, financed, and in large part arranged by Big Pharma under the auspices of the United Nations. In fact, it was the UN that facilitated the two-day conference.
And, the FBI also had a say in the proceedingsoff-stage, of course.
The purpose was clear enough, and readily agreed to by those concerned and therefore invited: To eliminate the disruptive influence of one Ruth Marten.
Otto Jones, the as a rule jovial (and always bow-tied) attorney with strong tiesall at a carefully constructed arms length, mind youto the pharmaceutical lobby in general and the Biotechnical Industry Association in particular did not have to engage in arm-twisting to recruit his delegates.
On paper, Jones was representing The Church of Chrystal Faith, the fastest growing New Protestant movement in the country, and was also the chair of the conference.
Jones office saw a flurry of activity during the last week in March and the first week in April in order to select, contact, and recruit (as he put it) viable delegates for the summitviable in the sense of sanctioning official action: the already established, though hidden, agenda.
The selection (based both on influence with their respective organizations and publicly voiced calls for action regarding Ruth Marten) had been finalized by the 2nd of April, and by the 6th all invitees had accepted.
The conference was set for Monday the 15th of April, beginning at 10 a.m.  and running for as long (or as short) as needed.
The room to hold the eight delegates, Jones included, was rather smallJones referred to it as homely when he first saw itconsidering the stature of the gathering, and dominated by the large teak conference table seating the eight who would eventually sign the now famous (or infamous, depending on view) resolution:
Otto Jones, the chair at the head of the table, and farthest from the door leading to the corridor filled with assistants and members of the press.
John Keeler, the newly appointed Boston Archbishop facing Jones from the other short end of the table, and representing the interests of the Catholic Church.
Along one side of the table, the one to Jones right, sat, first, the Reverend Blackburn Moses, the head of the Southern Baptist Convention. His response to Otto Jones phone call had been that if Jones had not called this summit meeting, he would have called it himself in order to stop the Devil in his tracks.
Next, and in the center, sat the unquestionably beautiful Aisha Amiri, the well-known secretary of the American Muslim Federation.
Rabbi Doron Hefter occupied the third seat at that side of the table. Rabbi Hefter had been the first Rabbi to denounce Ruth Marten and her subversive tactics to befuddle the youth of todaythis, apparently, after attendance at his New York synagogue had dropped by well over fifty percent due to all this Anapasti Mumbo Jumbo as he put it.
Down the other side of the table sat, first, and nearest to Jones, a somewhat uncomfortable Laron Miller, representing the Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter Day Saints. He had the feeling (and perhaps correctly so) that he had only been invited to meet some preordained quota of delegates, andwhile he did have serious reservations about Ruth Martenwasnt quite sure what he had to contribute. Still, the elders had agreed it was a good idea that he participatedfor PR reasons if nothing elseso here he was, participating.
To his left sat the flush-faced Reverend John Fielding, the long-time head of the United Methodist Church, and apparently in need of drink. He checked his watch once, twice, and then again, to get this thing started so we can move onto lunch.
The final delegate was Margaret Gurney, the woman elected by the Quaker community to attend the meeting. She, too, saw Ruth Marten as something quite sinister placed here on earth in order to confuse and mislead the young people of today. She, too, felt that the oddly talented young woman must have been sent here by dark forces, perhaps even by the darkest one himself.
At ten oclock sharp, Jones rose, walked over to, closed, and locked the door. Then returned to his seat.
No recordby that I mean, no sound recordingwill be made of this meeting, this conference, he lied. I am saying this to put each of you at ease, and to assure you that you can freely speak your mind.
Murmurs of agreement, and some shifting in chairs.
A sip of water here, a sip of coffee there. Fielding was checking his watch again.
Margaret Gurney could not take her eyes off of Aisha Amiri, such a beautiful woman. They had no right to. And by they she meant the Muslims who only kept growing in numbers, not only here in New York and in other big cities, but back home in Pennsylvania as well. She considered her own plain appearance and compared it to this, well, affront was the word, this assault on decency. Werent they supposed to hide their faces?
Then she joined the other seven in looking over at the now silent Otto Jones who apparently planned to stay silent until he had everyones undivided attention. Okay, he had hers now, too.
And that apparently meant everybodys.
Everyone all set? said Jones. Coffee? Donuts? Water? Juice anyone? All fine? To an assortment of head nods and shakes. Well, good.
His voice, for some reason, at least to Margaret Gurney, seemed to match his bow tie. Small and proper, but quite prominent nonetheless. Odd sensation that. She wondered briefly how her husband would look with a bow tie one, especially one this color, was it phosphorescent? It sure looked that way, pinkish. No, not a good fit on her husband at all. But on this little man, or not so little, reallythin, thoughit really suited him to a tee, him and that voice. That continued:
You all know why we are here.
Jones looked around the table to ensure they all did. Then, finding no evidence to the contrary, he said, In a wordor four words, actuallyas expressed by my client, Ruth Marten must be stopped.
That was five words, thought Margaret Gurney, who liked people to mean precisely what they say, not approximately, like this.
She almost was, twice, said Fielding. Stopped, I mean. Permanently. The room turned dead quiet, and he looked up, then at the faces around the table, in various states of alarm. He said were not being recorded, he protested. Then he checked his watch again.
She hasnt really done anything wrong, said Laron Miller. And that was precisely how he felt. The Marten girl was preaching nothing but peace and love, even if it was not a peace and a love grounded in Our Savior.
Otto Jones could have reached out to touch him, even slapped his wristsomething Margaret Gurney almost expected him to do, at least judging by his expression. She has done something wrong, Reverend Miller, said Jones. She has.
What, precisely? said Miller, who was rapidly taking a dislike to this Otto Jones, and added, In the opinion of the Church of Crystal Faith, that is.
Otto Jones straightened in his chair, rose a couple of inches and took on a shade of menace: Ruth Marten is seducing the youth of this world away from the true path, a path that each of us might view from a slightly different perspective, but a path that we all agree was created by God, or by Allah, looking at Aisha Amiri as he added her God. And we can all agree that she is, in effect, distracting the young of the world from what leads them to God. She is in effectin effect, he stressed. Then took a deep breath, She is, in effect, denying God. She is denying his word. And his son. And then, again looking directly at Aisha Amiri, he added, And his prophet.
Aisha Amiri met Jones pale blue eyes with her deep brown. She did not like this man. He was presumptuous and condescending, though he hid his arrogance rather well. And she could tell that he wouldnt mind at all to spend some time alone with her. A despicable man. However correct he might be. And he was.
Jones smiled at hear, and said, N'est-ce pas?
Oh, thought Amiri, who was born in Algeria and had spent most of her childhood in France, hes good. Hes done his homework. She nodded in his direction, both conceding the point and acknowledging his savoir-faire.
Jones then turned to Miller again, Do you not agree Reverend Miller? Is Ruth Marten not denying God?
Well, Miller had to concede, the man had a point. Marten mentions God in none of her lectures, and he had checked themor, rather, had had his staff check them. There was no mention of any Deity whatever. Didnt the Buddhist have a score of deities, or was that the Hindus?
By omission, perhaps, Miller finally conceded.
Yes, Otto Jones smiled. Yes, by omission. But by more than omission, in my opinion. By so fervently advocating self-sufficiency and meditation rather than faith in the Creator, she is demeaning God. He repeated this last, for effect, She is demeaning God.
John Keeler cleared his throat, whichto those who knew him meant that he was about to say something, and which also meant that he now expected everyones silence and attention. This signal, however, was lost on this gathering, so instead he now spoke into the blurred silence, and rather loudly at that, If I may.
Otto Jones looked at Keeler, then around the table, twice, and then back at Keeler. Of course.
Although we have not examined this for the exact numbers, our priests, and not only those in Boston, but in New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore as well, to name a few cities surveyed, our priests report, or estimate, rather, a falling off of almost thirty percent in attendance.
Before he continued he cleared his throat to actually clear his throat.
These same priests estimate that this figure doubles in the twenty-to-thirty age bracket. There is no doubt in my mind, or among us, should I say, us meaning the majority of our bishops, that this falling away of our flock, as it were, is as a direct result of the astonishing spread of the word of this Ruth Marten. What with the Internet and her lectures available to anyone with a computer or a phone or a Mortimer these days.
Otto Jones smiled.
And he smiles a little too much, thought Margaret Gurney, who would have been surprised to learn that her thought mirrored Aisha Amiris to the letter.
Then Jones said, The last thing this world needs, today, is the spread of sacrilegious doctrine. Are we all agreed?
Of course were all agreed, said the Reverend Blackburn Moses in a voice so deep, and so resounding, as to remind Margaret Gurney of a fog horn. Or we wouldnt be here.
Nods and noises of assent all around.
What about you, Rabbi Hefter? said Jones. Are we on the same page?
The Rabbi, who seemed startled to be addressed directly, looked down at his leather binderas if the answer was concealed withinthen looked up at Jones. What question are you asking me? he said finally. What page are you talking about?
We dont need the spreadespecially with this speedof sacrilegious doctrine. That page.
Ah, that page, said Hefter. Yes, I mean no, I agree, we dont need that page, or that doctrine, rather. It is disruptive. Definitely. He then looked down at his binder again, as if consulting it.
Does anyone dis-agree? said Jones. We need to be very clear here. A consensus here can, and will, accomplish things. A disagreement will only lead to discussion.
He then looked at each one in turn, lingering a little too long on Aisha Amiri, then asked Margaret Gurney, And you, Mrs. Gurney. Do you agree as well?
Of course I agree, she said, hoping she sounded at least a little offended by the implied doubt.
Good. Good, said Jones. Then I would like to take care of the first order of administrative business. He bent to his right and fished up a slim, black portfolio, which he carefully opened. Looked inside, and found what he was looking for.
First order of administrative business, he repeated. Please confirm, by your signature, your agreement on the line above your name. He handed the single sheet of paper to Laron Miller. If you would.
Miller received the paper, and began reading it.
Its what I would call a conference letter, said Jones. Stating that we, the delegates to the New York Faith Summit of April 15, 2030, all agree that Ruth Marten is, in fact, spreading a sacrilegious doctrine, one that not only affects our respective flocks, but also denies the existence of God.
Miller finished reading, and looked around the table. Nodded. Yes, thats pretty much what it says.
We can all read, boomed Blackburn Moses. Sign it and pass it on.
Miller fished around for a pen, prompting Jones to find one first, and hand it to Miller. Thanks, he said.
Miller signed and passed it over to Fielding, who took it, glanced at the three paragraphs that spelled out their agreement, then checked his watch, then signed it with his own pen.
Gurney, Keeler, and Hefter followed suit.
Should I be insulted? asked Aisha Amiri once she read through the brief statement. God?
Generically speaking, offered Jones. No offense intended.
Amiri shrugged, then signed and passed it on to Reverend Moses who already had his pen poised.
Jones received it back, verified all signatures, then signed it himself.
Just a formality, really, he said. But a formality that will carry weight, trust me.
John Keeler cleared his throat and then said, But the question, Mr.Jones. The question, if I am not mistaken, the real question is what do we do about her? Shes like an avalanche. Shes everywhere. What with the science experiments and the Alvarez situation, and the assassination attempts and the Internet. Everyone knows about here. He then fell silent, but silent in the manner that said he wasnt quite done yet, only looking for a word. Found it, I believe the word is viral.
That, sir, is indeed both the word and the question, confirmed Jones while restoring the now signed letter to his portfolio. And here is where I am wide open to suggestions.
That spawned the deepest silence yet around the table.
Margaret Gurney looked at Aisha Amiri who, with a frown, looked from Reverend Moses to Jones and back to Moses as if trying to decide who of the two was the most repellent.
Fielding checked his watch again, while Miller shifted in his chair, and then shifted again.
Anyone? said Jones. Then waited a while. No one?
We could denounce her, offered Miller, but I dont see what difference that would make. People know that shes not a Christian, so they probably will not care.
Denouncement is good, agreed Jones, although taking his time to pronounce denouncement. But youre right, that wont stop her. In fact, if you stop to consider, it might even boost her, if thats even conceivable.
How so? asked Miller.
Shes a rebel, offered Jones. And rebels tend to thrive in cross-fire, dont they?
I see your point, said Miller.
Is she, said Aisha Amiri, loudly. The table, to a man/woman turned to face her. Is she breaking any laws?
Thats the right question, more or less exploded Jones. Perhaps a little bit too quickly, and a lot too loudly. As if this was the very thing he was fishing forwhich, as it happens, it was.
Thats is precisely the question, he said again, back to normal.
Is she? said Amiri.
Well, as it happens, said Jones. It may be what some may call a stretch, though it really isnt. Then stopped.
And? said Amiri.
And, said Jones. We still have an impressive collection of fairly stretchable anti-terrorism laws on the books.
Amiri quietly wondered what, precisely, Jones meant by stretchable.
Surely, said Miller, but Jones held up a hand to stop him in his tracks, for Jones wasnt done yet.
Miller, however, did not take to kindly to that, and insisted on completing his thought: Surely, the woman is not inciting to terrorist attacks. Far from it. And then added, At least according to our research.
Granted, said Jones with a forced smile, for he was used to having his way in these situations. But I ask you, and not only you Reverend Miller, what is the prerequisite for inciting a group to riot, or to terrorist-like attacks or destruction?
Weapons? said Blackburn Moses.
Not really, said Jones. More fundamental than that.
A target, suggested John Fielding.
Yes, you need that, said Jones. But more fundamental than that. What do you need, first of all, to incite a group to destruction?
You need a group, said Margaret Gurney. Statement of fact. So obvious. She really did not like Jones.
Pre-cise-ly, said Jones, beaming now. You need a group.
Aisha Amiri did not take kindly to being talked down to at the best of times, and especially not by this man. Whats your point? she said.
Smile now firmly in place, Jones turned to face her. My point is that Ruth Marten is creating and rallying one of the largest groups every rallied in the history of mankind.
He let that sink in.
And, he then added. They are doing what she tells them to do.
Thats overstating it, isnt it? said the Archbishop from across the table.
Not really, said Jones.
Theyre all doing that Anapasti Mumbo Jumbo, said Rabbi Hefter who seemed infatuated with the phrase.
Yes, they are, agreed Jones. And then took the delegates in, one by one. What do you think theyre doing when theyre not attending your congregations? Why do you think they are abandoning your churches, in the millions?
Anapasti? said Fielding, after consulting his watch.
Anapana began Jones, but then thought better of correcting anyone. Anapasti. Yes, correct. Thats what they are doing.
But thats simply meditation, said the (from Jones viewpoint) irritatingly well-researched Miller.
Jones sighed. Do you want to split hairs or stop this lunacy?
Yes, of course, said Miller. Of course Iwewant this to stop. But we cant go rogue here.
Rogue? Who said anything about going rogue? Ruth Marten is organizing the largest congregation on earth, and they now are doing her bidding. Can you think of a larger threat to national security?
Well, put that way, conceded Miller.
Youre right. It is definitely a stretch, said Amiri.
Margaret Gurney had been about to voice a similar opinion, but now did not want to follow suit. She was her own person, not just a mirror.
Keeler had no such qualms, however. A definite stretch, yes, Id say so.
But a legal one, said Jones, smile still in place. This was going very much according to plan.
Blackburn Moses drew breath, and even that seemed to boom. Its a matter of intent, isnt it?
An unusually bright observation coming from that quarter, thought Jones. Of course it is, he said. But how do you establish intent? Based on Ruth Martens say-so? And she will definitely claim to be well-intend.
He paused to survey the seven faces again, all at various stages of attention. Then said, Legally, we can establish intent based on effect. Cause and effect. And legally, especially in the anti-terrorist statutes, we cannot take a chance on intent. If someone who might be a terrorist has a bomb, and the opportunity to use it, we cannot take the chance that he or she is well-intended and will in fact not use it.
Again he paused for effect.
We cannot take the chance that Ruth Marten is well-intended.
I believe she is, though, said Miller.
The effect is, and Jones stressed the word effect. The effect is that your flocks are leaving, and they are rallying to her cry. She is decimating your churches. That is the effect, and effect usuallyand legallyleads back to intent as the cause. There is no way this young lady does not know that her gun is loaded.
Heads nod around the table. Jones has a point.
And its aimed right at you, said Jones.
More nods. Yes, yes, they see his point.
Does anyone disagree? said Jones.
No takers.
Again, Jones looks into his portfolio, and selects a document. This time it is a two-page conference letter, again with pre-arranged signature lines. He looks at it for a moment, as if considering how best to proceed. But its all for show, Jones is nothing if not the ultimate showman.
Please, he says to Miller, has he hands him the letter. Please sign this, and pass it on.
Miller laughs, a little nervously. What does it say?
Take your time, read it, said Jones. By all means. Though all this letter says it that we, as the delegates of the New York Faith Summit, recognize the grave danger posed by the unparalleled influence of Ruth Marten on the young of the world, and how this unparalleled influence is driving our flocks away from our churches.
It further states that we request that the U.S. Justice Department, as well as the Department of Homeland Security, look into this threat and take whatever legal action they deem appropriate. Not verbatim, but thats the gist.
Miller, reading the letter nods in agreement. Yes, he says. Then looks for his signature line, and signs it.
The letter then makes its way around the table, to then arrive back to Jones by way of Blackburn Smith, signed by one and all. Jones then, with quite a flourish, signs his allocated line, and restores the letter to his portfolio.
That should do it, declared Jones.
Were done? said Fielding hopefully, checking his watch again.
We are, confirmed Jones.
What, precisely, deliberately using what she already thought of as one of Jones favorite words, happens next? said Amiri.
Although Jones had been prepared for questions along those lines, the intensity of this one took him by surprise. Two things, he said. First, we will issue a press release based on the two signed conference letters. Secondly, I will meet with representatives from the Justice Department to get the ball rolling.
How? said Amiri, almost adding precisely again.
How will I meet, or how will the ball get rolling? said Jones, not quite as a flippant response, he truly didnt know which she meant.
How are you going to get the ball rolling?
Jones was not prepared to answer this, for fear of admitting how choreographed this entire process indeed was. Instead he said, It will roll, and soon at that.
Amiri was nothing if not perceptive, and she took this slight rebuke of her question as the sign that this much-shorter-than-she-had-expected meeting was indeed over.
Fair enough, she said.
Any other questions? said Jones. Which he followed with Good before entertaining any.
The meeting was indeed over.
:
Ruth Marten was arrested by Federal Agents on the 2nd of May, 2030. It was a Thursday.



::16:: (New York)

Another conference room. This one is also in New York, but about forty blocks north and three avenues west of the United Nations building.
It is the 2nd of May, 2030. It is a Thursday.
Three individuals: Otto Jones, who has resigned his thirty-day stint as counsel for The Church of Crystal Faith (now that his Faith Summit mission has been brought to a successful close) to now reapply himself to his main, and actual client: The Biotechnical Industry Association, along with its pecuniary interests.
The second individual present is Andrew Callahan, FBIs Los Angeles Bureau Chief, just arrived on a red-eye with marching orders to accommodate Jones and BIA any way he can. Career and future depending on it, or so he has been led to understand by those whose task it was to know and relay such things.
The third person present is Meredith Simmons, BIA in-house counsel as well as chairperson, who is also Big Pharmas point-person in this thornier-by-the-day and bottom-line disastrous Ruth Marten affair.
This just in, said Jones with a smile. Ruth Marten is in custody.
Meredith Simmons finished pouring her coffee, held up the coffee pitcher, Anyone? A refill?
Jones and Callahan both indicated that they were fine, thank you.
She sat down and took a long look at Smith. In custody, she said slowly, as if tasting the words. Nodded even slower. Then sipped her coffee, which she took black, no sugar. She then, carefully, placed the mug back on its coaster. This is good news, Otto. And the initial indictment? What was the charge? As planned?
Two charges, said Callahan, fielding the question. He held up two fingers. Inciting to civil unrest. Folded one finger back, And inciting to civil disobedience.
No problem with the judge?
None, said Callahan. He owes us. Well, owed us. From what I understand, this settles our score with him, whatever that score was. Besides, he apparently doesnt care for our wunderkind.
Who is the judge? she wanted to know. Or shouldnt I ask?
You can ask, said Callahan. No matter. Its Thomas Welles.
Otto Jones smiled and said, Yes, Tom. We have met. He didnt care to elaborate. He did add, though, Seems like we are in good hands.
Is Welles going to preside at the trial? asked Simmons.
No, said Callahan. No, that wouldnt fly. And even if we could arrange itwhich Im not sure we canthat would look rather suspicious. Then, after some reflection, he added, And might invite a successful appeal.
I can see that, said Simmons. Whens the post-indictment?
Arraignment is tomorrow. Afternoon, said Jones.
Welles?
I assume so, said Callahan.
Lets not assume anything, said Simmons. Can you confirm.
Will do.
Is there any doubt that the charges will stick? she said.
None, said Jones. Should be a formality. Callahan nodded his agreement.
The preliminary?
We will ask for a May 20 hearing, said Jones. Ive confirmed with the clerk, thats a good date.
Welles? said Simmons.
Oh, I doubt that, said Callahan.
You do?
Yes.
Perhaps its just me, said Simmons, but I would feel a lot more comfortable if Welles handled the preliminary.
Oh, I dont know, said Callahan. Then, remembering what had been said about career and future and full support, added, Ill see what I can do.
That would be much appreciated, said Simmons. Then she turned to Jones, And you, youll be ready to try the case?
That will not be a problem. We have a lot already, and Im sure well have two or three months to mobilize everything before the trial. Judging by the Los Angeles Federal docket, I dont see a trial date until late July or early August.
Who is handling the arraignment? Simmons wanted to know. Addressing Callahan, but it was Jones who answered.
Lara Matthews. An associate of mine. I would have handled it, but, as you can see, I am here.
She did not smile at the joke. And your associate?
Shes quite competent, said Jones.
I hope so, said Simmons. Then, apparently viewing an internal calendar, May 20. That gives us less than three weeks. Is that enough time? She sipped he coffee and regarded Jones over the rim.
Plenty.
You sound very sure.
I am very sure.
Simmons said nothing in response, just replaced her cup on the coasteragain, carefully.
Then she said, Id like to second chair.
If this took Jones by surprise, he didnt show it. Good idea, is what he said, without hesitation, and quite believably.
She nodded in agreement. Then said, What about her counsel? Do we know?
Callahan shook his head. No. No word yet. But what I do know is that she represented herself at the initial arraignmentwhich just concluded as a matter of fact. Bail was not granted.
Ah. So, shes in custody?
Yes, maam, said Callahan.
And will remain in custody until the preliminary?
As far as I know, yes.
Well, at least shes off the streets, said Simmons.
Jones said nothing, but smiled at her observation. It would be hard to preach from a cell.
:
Very few papers and none of the television and radio stations had nothing to say about the Ruth Marten saga (a word some papers had now begun to use). Several stations hailed her arrest as something finally being done about this woman. Many of the papers, including the Washington Post and the New York Times, highlighted the dangers of millions of young people swallowing Ruth Martens message book, line, and thinker as one pundit put it, parading an impressive string of mental health professionals to warn the public about buying these quick emotional fixes which sometimes were worse even than illegal drugs, a few of them suggested. Parents had a duty to protect their kids from such dangers. Finally, one of them concluded, our government has risen to its responsibility to protect the public.
The Los Angeles Times, on the other handand as ever seeing conspiracy behind every bushchallenged the FBI to produce some actual evidence to sustain these absurd charges. The FBI, in a rare press release response, said that the time and place for actual evidence, as the Los Angeles Times puts it was at trial, and perhaps the editors and conspiracy seekers at that august institution could refrain from jumping to their usual conclusions until then.
Many of the papers, and some of the stations, reviewed the New York Faith Summit, and published heavily annotated versions of the two conference letters signed by all attendees. These letters, in and of themselves, The New York Times maintained, constituted ample evidence that Miss Marten was indeed a threat to the internal peace of the nation.
Most, if not all, media outlets made no secret that they were looking forward to an interesting trial.
:
The post-indictment arraignment took place the following day, Friday May 3rd. Again, Ruth Marten insisted on representing herself.
She entered a plea of Not Guilty, and also requested that she be released on her own recognizance.
Judge Welles, who again presided, agreed to release her, but ordered her to be placed under house arrest until the preliminary hearing, which was set for the 20th of May. He also order no fewer than three guards at any time to watch over the Marten household, mainly for her own protection, he added.
:
Back at her house after a night in custody, Ruth, along with Melissa, Ananda, Clare Downes (who was taking very good notes about all that was happening, both for Ruths sake and for her editorswhich Ruth was fine with) and Agent Roth (who Ruth claimed she could not do without) gathered around the kitchen table to take stock of things.
True to Judge Welles word, three of Los Angeles finest were posted outside and in plain view, two of them already busy telling people (several of them reporters) to move on, nothing of interest here, and that means you, too. And no pictures.
Inside, Ananda could not suppress the feeling that a gaping abyss was on the move and threatening to soon swallow the Tathagata and her mission into its oblivion. He tried, though not very successfully, to put up a brave face.
Ruth noticed. Its not the end of the world, Ananda.
He looked up from his now gnarly hands, clutching each other for bony comfort. Are you sure?
I am sure.
Judge Welles may owe the FBI a favor or two , said Roth, as if that was precisely on point. But he cannot indict on meaningless charges.
What are you saying? asked Clare Downes.
Everyone was now looking at Roth, waiting for his answer. What Im saying, said Roth. Is that they have evidence to back them up. The FBI is not resourceless, the charges may well stick. And a jury may just convict.
Thats what I am afraid of, said Ananda.
Its Bruno all over again, said Ruth, mainly to Ananda. Along with a smile.
Ananda smiled, too, though not happily. More in appreciation of Ruths gesture.
Whos Bruno, said Clare and Roth with one voice.
Ananda looked at Ruth who looked at Melissa. Whos to explain?
Giordano Bruno, said Ruth. Burned at the stake for speaking the truth.
There are parallels? said Roth.
You could say that, said Ruth.
One of Ruths earlier lives, said Melissa.
To Roth, that pattern harmonized. He nodded, yes, he understood. Clare, however, did not.
You were this Bruno? she said.
I was, said Ruth.
And this is Bruno all over again? As if verifying a quote.
This is Bruno all over again. Tried for threatening the vested interests of his time, said Ruth.
Yes, said Clarethough still grappling with the notion. I guess that is what you are doing, threatening the vested interests of your time.
That is precisely what I am doing, said Ruth.
That is precisely what you are doing, echoed Ananda.
Thenas if the outcome of Brunos threat to vested interest finally settled on their collective consciousnessno one said the next thing.
Until Ananda, worried as always about the Tathagata, said:
We need to find the best lawyer we can afford.
I am sure the station will help, suggested Clare.
Melissa agreed, she made that clear.
I can suggest one or two, said Roth.
No, said Ruth. Perhaps a little louder than she had intended, or perhaps precisely as loudly as she intended. I am defending myself.
An indictment is one thing, began Ananda.
Ruth looked at him with what could only be described at interest at what was going to come next. Ananda knew that look. Did not continue.
Roth looked around for support. Was he hearing this correctly? Are you serious? is what he said.
Perfectly, said Ruth.
No, suggested Clare.
No, demanded Melissa. Thats the dumbest thing Ive ever heard.
I can do this, said Ruth to her mother. Trust me, its the best way.
I dont care how old you are, or how many Brunos youve been, you need a real lawyer. Im not risking you going to jail for the rest of your life.
For the rest of her life? Ananda almost cried out.
Actually, said Roth. She stands to do just that. These charges now fall under the anti-terrorist statues. They carry very long, to life, sentences.
You need a lawyer, said Clare, with a voice as kindly and as full of valuable advice as she could muster.
I appreciate your concern. You know I do, said Ruth. But what I need help with, truly, and here she looked at Clare. I want the trial televised.
Oh, theyll never agree to that, said Roth, referring to the FBI.
You mean, said Clare.
Yes, the bureau.
Its not up to the bureau, though, said Clare. Isnt that up the judge.
True, said Roth. But if the judge is Welles, theres not a chance.
Lets hope then, said Ruth, that the judge is not Welles. Then to Clare, Do you think your station, and other stations, can put in the request, and exert whatever pressure is allowed in these situations?
Sure, said Clare. We were already thinking about that.
Ruth, nodded. Good. Good. Then, to all of them, This is my chance to get my message across, live, to the world.
Its a gamble, said Ananda.
It is a gamble, agreed Ruth. But a gamble I am willing to make, and one that I know will work.
Its not a gamble I am willing to make, said Melissa. And I am still your mother.
I am of age, mother, Ruth pointed out. Kindly.
True, said Melissa. But will I not have a say in this?
No, said Ruth. Again, kindly.



::17:: (Los Angeles Federal Court)

Judge Thomas Welles entered court room 11B with his customary flourish. Then came his customary brief survey of the room from his dais of judicial power before he sat down.
The clerk cleared her throat and read out the docket number and the parties to the case: The United States of America as plaintiff, and Ruth Marten as defendant.
Over the next hour, Otto Jones, with the help of a too-detailed (for Judge Welles liking) complaint, outlined the case, and the reasons for going forward with it: Ruth Marten, by her New Age mumbo jumbo, was seducing near enough a whole generation to her mystical ways. This was not only unhealthymentally, for sure, perhaps physically as well, too early to tellfor the generation concerned, but was also causing grave suffering for the many parents (and spouses) that were, in effect, losing their loved ones to this movement, to this cult of personality.
It was not, Jones continued, only a matter of a threat to the societal peace and well-being, for her actions, her speeches, her viral videos (which should be banned) had in fact already caused damage, had already diverted (and perverted) youth from their normal and healthy ways by way of flagrant disobedience to tradition and culture, and, say of what else does our civil fabric consist?
She was not only a threat, he went on to stress, she had already caused the civil unrest that our laws are in place to prevent.
And on and on.
Then the prosecutions co-counsel, Meredith Thomas, asked to be heard, and she spread on more of the same: the disruption of the fabric, and the not only threat, and on and on.
Ruths turn.
Where is your attorney? Welles wanted to know.
I represent myself, Ruth, rising to address the court, replied. Then, as if just remembering the protocol, added, Your honor.
Do you consider that a wise thing, my dear? said Welles.
Wise or not, said Ruth. That is my choice.
Fair enough, said Welles. And what do you answer to the allegations presented by the prosecution?
From where I stand, said Ruth. This is not so much a trial about faith and values, or about the social fabric, but one about money and lost revenue.
How so? wondered Welles.
Perhaps it is not common knowledge, though it should be, that opposing co-counsel, Miss Simmons, is not only the in-house counsel but also the chairperson of the Biotechnical Industry Association, the pharmaceutical association that, according to what I have managed to glean, is the association posting the most dire sales figures of the pharmaceutical associations these days.
Jones leaned toward Simmons and whispered something. He did not look pleased. She said nothing in return, but looked over at Ruth. Reassessing.
Ruth met Simmons glance, then looked back at the judge and continued, I believe this is why this matter is before you. I believe it is in order to restore a lessening revenue stream to its absurd normal that your honor is asked by the prosecution to let this go to a jury trial.
And you, I take it, oppose that notion? said Welles.
Oh, not at all. I would like this to go to trial as well, said Ruth.
You do? Welles wanted to make quite sure he had heard her correctly. Both Jones and Simmons from across the aisle turned to Ruth as one to make sure that ears were not deceiving.
Yes, I do, said Ruth in a clear voice, impossible to misinterpret.
Well, said Welles, a little relieved. Were all in agreement then. He briefly consulted a docket printout: Trial is set for August the 5th.
Your honor, said Ruth.
Yes.
I have a request.
What is it?
I request that the trial be publicly televised.
Jones and Simmons, again in unison, rose in protest. Your honor.
Welles looked over at them.
We object, said Simmons. Thats an absurd request.
I concur, said Jones.
Absurd or not, said Welles. Then turning to Ruth, Thats not up to me, my dear. Thats up to the trial judge.
With that Welles wielded his gavel and smacked an end to the proceedings.
:
On their way back to Jones LA office, he put it as nicely as he could. I want Matthews to co-chair.
Simmons, who was as surprised as Jones at Ruth Martens intelligence, could only agree: remaining on the case was not an option, the media would have a field day with that. She had given it thought, though not a second one. Her BIA affiliations, though a matter of record, were not publicly known. Now they were.
I agree, is all she said.



::18:: (Pasadena)

If Meredith Simmons and Otto Jones and their increasingly nervous employers had hoped that the successful indictment of Ruth Marten would temper the spread of her lectures on the Internetwhich was indeed their hopethey had miscalculated to a ridiculous degree, for if anything, the much publicized indictment, as well as the now much anticipated upcoming trial, did nothing but fuel this fire.
Many liberal media parallels were drawn between Ruth Marten and a host of past martyrs who had all been persecuted or prosecuted (the modern version of persecution some opined) for their beliefs. Much was now also being made in several quarters of Ruth Martens doctoral thesis on the convergence of science, philosophy, and religion, voicing the view that hers was a message whose time had indeed come (which was cause for further hand-wringing concern among the powers that bewith a close eye on the now oft-reviewed consumer statistics).
On the other side of that aisle, the more conservative outlets (those more closely allied to Big Pharma and now also the Medical and other consumer-dependent establishments) were calling for Washington to enact new, and more precise laws that would directly address the threat caused by this renegade New Age phenomenon. It was felt that inciting to civil unrest and disobedience, as charges, were too vague and too loosely applied to stop this outrage in its tracks. However, those charges were the cards the prosecution had dealt themselves, and they would now not only have to live with them but to succeed with them.
Many outlets had also begun a countdown to the August 5 trial date.



::19:: (Pasadena)

It was not in Anandas nature to worry unduly, but in this case unduly seemed nowhere in sight.
Despite several attempts, he could not persuade the Tathagata to retain professional counsel, despite the fact that money was no longer an objectboth KCRI, Clare Downes station, and Abbot Whites diocese had offered financial as well as legal help, which she refused on all counts.
Kristina Medina had also called and offered whatever she needed to launch the best defense possible. She and her husband would provide any funds needed.
Again, Ruth declined, telling her that all she needed was a televised trial.
Even Julian Lawson, who had not spoken to Ruth for a while, called to see how he could help. Did she need any funds? A good lawyer? No, she told him. She was set. Thanks though. She really appreciated it.
What she did want help with, however, was to mobilize sufficient pressure from the media and other sources to convince the trial judge (who was still to be appointed among much ongoing media speculation as to who it might be) to let the cameras in.
Dont go overboard, though, she warned Clare. No one likes to be cornered.
Clare understoodshe, and her producer, had been around this block a time or two. Abbot White also promised to exert what pressure he could, though he was not sure how much good that would do. Was there anything else he could do to help? No, Ruth told him on more than one occasion, the important thing was that the trial be televised. Given that, she knew what to do and how to do it.
It would all work out, dont worry.
But he worried, Ananda did, as did Melissa, who stood to see her daughter jailed for the rest of her life should she be convicted.
Of course Ananda trusted Ruth, he always had, but had the Tathagata ever been in such trouble? Yes, as Giordano Bruno, surely, but at that time not as much had been at stake. Nowhere near as much. Today, she was being heard, millions were listening and taking her advice, her mission gaining true traction. That was what was at stake, so much more than simply a life, as was the case with Bruno.
Was there a way to plea bargain her way out of this? The thought had barely taken root before she virtually roared inside his head, no way. Absolutely no way.
Well, of course that was not an option, he realized that. Of course. But how could he help but worry?
How could he help but worry when the prosecution seemed so utterly unworried, for while Otto Jones could not discuss the caseand the prosecution lead attorney was very clear about thathe seemed to be interviewed daily on some station or other, always with the confidence of a man who has unlimited funds and resources behind him. Was there even the smallest shadow of a doubt that he, and his teamwhich is how he spoke of the prosecutionwould win this case? No, there was not. Of course not. He wouldnt go so far as to call it a formality, but he certainly implied that it was.
And so, fresh from another Jones interview, he would try again to dissuade her, but she refused to even listen. Ananda, she would answer. Let it go.
And he tried to let it go, to leave it all with Ruth, as she asked him to, but he failed. Instead he sought Clares advice. Was there anything else KCRI could do? Or any station? Some sort of campaign?
No, she told him. And believe me, I have tried to work an angle, but this was now a matter for the court. Ruth was, dont forget, under house arrest. She could not talk about the case to any media. And the best Clare could do, she told him, was to muster as much media demand as possible to have the trial televised.
And that was the good newswell, thats how Ruth saw it anyway, though Ananda was very much in two minds about itthat even those stations that sided with Jones and the prosecution, all wanted to provide live coverage, so as the trial date approached, the call for cameras in the court room was almost unanimous among U.S.as well as world-widetelevision.
I hope you know what youre doing, he said to her as he finally managed to let go any notion to do other than to trust and watch.
I do, she answered.
:
I guess, said Jones, that there is no way to pull these lectures from the Internet? It was a statement more than a question, and a rather ridiculous one at that, for he knew as well as anyone that the genie was out, had been for some time, and that there was no way for anyone to coax her back into the bottle.
Lara Matthews answered anyway, There isnt.
Simmons, equipped with new sales figurescollected weekly now from her association memberslooked out the window at the nearby mountains, as if suspecting the answers may lie somewhere among them. Then she looked back at the three folders on the table in front of her, and passing one to each of Jones and Matthews said, Its worse than we, or anyone, had expected.
She opened her folder, and waited for Jones and Matthews to open theirs. As you can see, she said. It is obviously not only our members that are being hit by this meditation hysteria. Bayer, Merck, Pfizer, Eli Lily, they all are staring at not only declining but crashing sales. Pharmacies are not running out so the wholesalers are not running out, so theres no new orders and no need to manufacture so much. This, and she points at the graph of combined association sales for the last three weeks, is not only disturbing, it is a catastrophe in the making.
Jones cleared his throat as if he was going to say something, but didnt. Instead he looked at that graph for a while, then turned a page and began examining another statistic.
Matthews was the next to speak. I see that youve included non-pharmaceuticals. An observation. Perhaps a question.
It is across the boards, said Simmons. From fast foods to hospital admissions. Sales are down all over.
Shes delivered quite a blow to consumption, said Matthews.
One way of putting it, said Simmons.
Do you think its deliberate? said Jones, as if the idea had just struck himwhich it had. Studying Matthews now.
Do I believe she is on a mission to wreck world finances? No, said Matthews. But her message obviously seems to take the place of normal consumption.
Among her devotees, clarified Jones, though it sounded like a question.
Among her devotees, of course, said Matthews.
Does she continue to lecture? asked Simmons. Shes, what, in protective custody masquerading as house arrest?
Shes under house arrest, said Jones. But not enjoined from lecturing, so, yes, I believe she still is lecturing.
And those lectures are being videoed and posted on the Internet? said Simmons.
Of course theyre being videoed. Shes under house arrest, said Jones.
Of course, said Simmons. Of course.
Then Matthewswho liked to cut to chaseslooked at Simmons and said, Whats your point?
Simmons didnt understand, and her face said as much.
With these statistics? clarified Matthews. Its nothing we didnt know, or saw coming.
Simmons gave Jones a What, is she kidding? look, then turned to Matthews. Its ammunition.
For the case?
Yes.
Inciting to civil unrest and disobedience? Those are the still the charges.
Simmons did not appreciate being lectured at, which is how she saw it. Of course they are still the charges. But this trend, this broad, confirmed trend of less medication, less hospital admissions, speaks clearly that many who should receive help and treatment are no longer receiving it. Which will lead, I am positive, to civil unrest.
Thats a stretch, said Matthews.
Jones had to admit he enjoyed seeing the two of them fight. Both brilliant, neither a punch-puller. His money was on Matthews.
There is, said Simmons, and herself assumed a lecturing tone. There is a normalcy we call the social fabric. It should be at rest. Today, this fabric is being torn to shreds by the defendant, and that willaxiomaticallylead to unrest.
Shes not charged with ripping the social fabric, said Matthews. Though, if Congress keeps its word for a change, we may soon have that on the books as well. As a crime, I mean.
We have what we have, said Simmons. We cannot amend the charges at this point. But what we have is plenty enough. I can provide a string of witnesses, both from my association and from our sister associations, as well as from the hospital industry, to testify that theyand they are expertsthat they are truly worried about the health of the nation as a whole, especially if this trend is allowed to continue.
That will be useful, said Jones. Then added, Most of the attendees at the New York Faith Summit report a continued decline in attendance, their flocks being hijacked by this Marten phenomenon they report. And most have agreed to testify to this at trial. We will be able to paint a picture of growing unrest as the normalcy of accepted religion is losing its grip on the spiritually wayward.
The question is, said Simmons. Do we have enough?
To convict? said Jones.
Yes, to convict. Of course, to convict.
Id say we have plenty. However, we will have to be very alert at jury selection to ensure we dont wind up with twelve meditators. He meant that as a joke, at least partially. Simmons was not amused. Matthews was.
Talking of which, said Simmons. How are we going to find a jury that has not heard of Ruth Marten?
Thats not going to happen, offered Matthews. Unless we want them deaf, dumb, and blind.
So how do you propose to arrive at an impartial jury? said Simmons.
The way that I read this, and we have a firm on this full-time, is that we are going to find only two kinds of jurors: the pro-Marten, and the anti-Marten. There is no middle ground here. Everyones heard of her, no matter where we relocate the trial, if that were an option. And everyone whos heard of her seems to have an opinion which is either for or against.
So how do we seat an anti-Marten jury? said Simmons.
We dont, said Matthews. The best we can hope for is fifty-fifty, that is if Ruth Marten knows anything about selecting jurors, which she may not. What we then must try to achieve is that our six anti-Marten jurors are more anti than the other six are pro.
Okay, said Simmons. Then turning to Jones, And your firm, your juror experts, what will they give us?
Selection criteria. The questions to ask, said Jones.
Simmons did not respond. But made a note of it. Then asked, How many peremptory challenges will we have. Any idea?
My guess is between ten and sixteen. Its up to the judge, said Jones.
And your experts will determine who we can challenge for cause?
Yes, said Simmons. Thats what theyre paid to do.
And theyre good? Again Simmons.
Theyre good, confirmed Jones.
Simmons, who they were all well aware of was funding this venture, fell silent again, weighing options. Then speculated, or asked, There is no way we can complete the assignment, the attempts?
Jones and Matthews exchanged glances. Well, she was the client, after all. No, said Matthews. Well, let me rephrase. It could probably be done but at this point it would be counterproductive. Again, Jones and Matthews exchanged a glance, and Jones nodded, fine, go ahead.
We had a feasibility study done, said Matthews. They determined that with all the video lectures now online, and her spreading notorietyshe is considered a physics genius as wellwere we to make her a martyr on top of it, well, it would only spread her word farther and faster. As I said, it would be counterproductive.
So you had considered it? Simmons asked, with the hint of a smile, faint approval.
Yes, said Jones.
But ruled it out?
Definitely, Jones.
Then Simmons took both of them in again, looked from one to the other and back. Straightened in her chair, collected and stacked her papers in front of her. Got to the point, This must not, this cannot fail.
We know that, said Jones.
Whatever the cost, whatever you need. She has to be convicted, she has to be sentenced to a long jail term.
Have you considered the martyr angle of that? asked Matthews.
We have, said Simmons. It is a factor, but not one to outweigh the advantage to land a conviction on the books. That would pave the way for Congress to outlaw her activities, and those of her followers.
Matthews nodded. Yes, she could see that.
So, said Simmons. Anything, anything you need. Money is no object.
We appreciate that, said Jones. And we will not disappoint.



::20:: (Los Angeles)

Same conference room two weeks later. Same team huddle: Simmons, Jones, and Matthews. Simmons noticeably more agitated. She has not slept much lately, shadows under her eyes bearing witness. Jones and Matthews visibly affected by the situation as well. Simmons hands out new statistical data.
Its only getting worse, she says. This trial cannot get underway soon enough.
Jones leafs through the graphs and figures. More of the same, I take it.
BIA combined sales are down over forty percent. That, no matter what spin you put on it, is a catastrophe. Catastrophe. She taps her copy of the report, Our member stocks as sliding, too. Drastically. More like crashing. The same holds true for our sister associations.
Simmons took her two colleagues in with a long look, then said, The pharmaceutical industry as a whole is in trouble. The whole industry. Youd think there was a conspiracy.
Thats rich, said Matthews, under her breath, and more to herself.
Sorry? said Simmons, who didnt hear.
Matthews shook her head, No, nothing.
Well, thats one thing we can be certain of, said Jones. There is no conspiracy afoot to slay the pharmaceutical industry.
In some way, said Simmons. I wish there were. At least that would give us a more tangible target. This is more like a phenomenon. Like a natural disaster. It seem, whats the word?
Spontaneous, suggested Matthews.
Precisely, said Simmons. Its just happening. People are going off their meds, or cutting down drastically, of their own accord. As if told by their physicians. But theyre not. No ones telling them to do this. Its just the Marten womans lecture, and they say nothing about going off their meds, do they?
It is not just happening, said Jones. I dont care whether shes telling them to ditch their prescriptions or now, she is the root cause. Its Martens meditation mumbo-jumbo. We know that.
Yeah, of course, youre right, said Simmons. Then added, Speaking of which, one of our senators has just introduced a bill that will outlaw meditation as a practice. A federal crime, five years mandatory.
Jones nodded, hed heard. To Matthews, on the other hand, this was news. Outlaw meditation?
As a practice, yes.
How could they, possibly?
It poses a threat to the national economy, said Simmons. Take a look at the figures. Its not just pharmaceuticals that are suffering. Its medical, too. And consumer goods, fast foods, coffee, entertainment. You name it. Sales are down, and heading further down. Arent you keeping up on the stock market?
Matthews nodded, she was, yes. But that was not entirely true.
Well, that should tell you something, said Simmons.
Were only two weeks away, Jones. Two weeks. Do you think the world can manage to stay afloat another two weeks?
Of course, said Simmons, who wasnt sure whether Jones was kidding or not.
The trial will put an end to this, said Jones.
I sure hope so, said Simmons. The woman really is a threat to the nation.
Neither Jones nor Matthews answered. No disagreements there.
:
As the media began putting two and two together and link the Ruth Marten phenomenon to the near devastating drop in sales nationwide, especially in the Big Pharma and fast food sectors, every pundit in the country seemed to weigh in with what needed doing to fix this.
Opinions ranged from the all-out conservative view that Ruth Marten ought to be shot without cigarette and blindfold for her obviously non-American activities, to the other side of the spectrum where the New Age Liberals (or NALs as they were soon to be called by their critics) lauded the freeing of the countrys chemical slaves and the return to a life of love and harmony.
For the conservative outlets, the Marten trial needed to happen now, not in a week or two or three while the drop in consumption continued to wreak havoc with the nations economy. Whether intended or not (which was considered irrelevant at this point) Ruth Martens actions were obviously inciting to civil unrest and disobedience. She waslook at the effect, for crying out loudclearly guilty. The trial would only confirm the obvious and set things to right.
Look, clamored the New Age Liberals in response, how can a message of loving-kindness and still reflection incite to unrest? These were sheer contradictions in terms. The trial would prove her innocent and confirm the countrys return to spiritual health.
However, no matter how vocal (and hopeful), the NALs were outgunned by at least two to one in every state of the Union, and by now, a popular vote would probably have Ruth Marten banished for life, if not executed on the spot.
:
By this time, Anandawho insisted on following the story developments more closely than was good for anyones healthwas beyond worry. In fact, he had by this time entered the stillness of the inevitable where the state of affairs was neither benevolent nor malevolent. They were just that, the current state of affairs.
He had resigned himself to the fact that his beloved Tathagata was not going to seek representation by counsel, no matter how dire the news and the economy; that she was indeed going to speak for herself, insisting that this was the way out, the way to stir the sleeper and steer the seeker, as she put it, and often.
Ananda could not see it that way, but in the prevailing stillness this was just another fact, neither good nor bad. Ruths mind was made up, and would so remain. State of affairs.
Of course, the Tathagata had no intention of flying blind, and with two weeks and a weekend to go before the trial, they had again gathered in Melissas house, the war councilas Ananda thought of it: Ruth, Ananda, Roth, Abbot White, Clare Downes, and Melissa.
Ananda did his utmost to appear composed, though neither Ruth nor Melissa were fooled by his mask of stillness and easily saw through to the worry beneath.
Ruth, on the other hand, was as calm as always, almost jovial, which stoked Anandas concern even further, lest she would overlook things in her unexplainable buoyancy.
Agent Roththe most practical of the lotspent virtually every waking hour gathering what intelligence he could, from what sources he still trusted, to gauge the lay of both the political and legal land.
Abbot White, at least in Anandas view, was the most clear-headed about what Ruth would face in court. He had been through a few harrowing cases in his day, knowing that issues such as faith and spirituality were rarely, if ever, treated as hard currency by judges and juries.
Clare Downes knew her mission, for she really had only one assignment: to ensure that the trial will be televised, live.
In these discussions, Melissa wore two hats: that of Ruths mother and that of opinionated host.
Ruth asked Clare again, as she did every time they got together, How does it look?
Clare, fresh from a meeting with her producer, who as a former legal reporter still had a host of useful court contacts, Of course, nothing is absolutely certain, it is still up to the judge, but no one can give me a reason why it should not be televised live.
Ruth smiled at the good news, then asked, Do we have any idea yet about the judge? Guesses?
It will, of course, be a federal judge, said Clare. But thats as close as anyone can come. No one will know until the morning of the fifth, thats just one of those facts of life. It depends on which trials are brought to a close before then, and on which judges are then available for assignment that morning.
Then she added, Sorry.
Is there anyone we dont want presiding? Someone who might be allergic to televised trials? Ruth wondered.
This is Los Angeles, said Clare, to Roths bobbing agreement. No one is allergic to television.
This is true? Ruth just wanted to make sure.
True, confirmed Roth.
Melissa refilled tea cups all around, pointing out what she hoped was the obvious as she poured, So it doesnt really matter what judge we get, thats what youre saying, right?
On paper, no. Roth.
And off paper? said Melissa.
Off paper? said Ananda, conceding a smile despite himself.
Off paper, in the world of flesh and blood, said Roth. Yes, it does matter who presides, though it should have little bearing on whether the trial is televised or not.
Thats what I mean, said Melissa.
Then youre right, said Roth.
Ruth turned to Abbot White. Is there a judge that we do want? Someone who might treat the spirit as hard currency?
Abbot White looked at Clare, then at Roth, neither of whom said anything. Then he said, I dont know.
What more on what we can expect from the prosecution? she asked of Roth.
Lots, he said, then opened a manila folder to reveal a sheaf of fresh statistics. You do know that as far as those who live and breathe the national economy are concerned, you are the devil incarnate.
More so than yesterday?
New data, said Roth, whose patterning told him but one thing: Alarming.
They all waited for more. No one, not even the most liberal of pundits, can still ascribe the dramatic drop in consumption to erratic market conditions, he said.
They were all aware of the ongoing debate.
The link is clear? said Ananda.
The link is more than clear, it is obvious, said Roth. And in this situation, this is not good news.
Its definitely Ruth? said Melissa.
Beyond even the faintest doubt, said Roth.
Public enemy number one? said Ruth.
Something like that. Then Roth elaborated: They have a point, and their point is gathering strength daily. It is that the economy of a consumer societyand we live in one, theres no mistaking thatis in fact based on consumption. When that falls away, as it is doing now, the fabric, as they call it, of society is indeed threatened, and that plays directly into their hand and their charges. If it isnt causing civil unrest today, it is very likely to in the future.
How future? said Ruth and Ananda both, nearly simultaneously.
Here Roth again consulted his patterning, for he could sense the fabric he was speaking if, the interconnectedness of all that give and take, that produce and consume which were the twin pillars on which this land restedand he could sense it beginning to rupture already.
Not long, is what he answered.
How long? said Ananda.
A month, two perhaps. Three at the most.
So civil unrest could erupt before the trial is over, said the Abbot.
And that was precisely the point Roth was reluctant to share, but he really had no choice. It could.
And it would be Ruths fault? said Melissa, a little incredulous.
Thats not the word Id use, said Roth, but there is definite cause and effect.
Wouldnt that influence a jury? said Ananda.
Of course it would influence a jury, said Roth. Thats our problem. Thats our almost impossible to overcome problem.
Not impossible, said Ruth.
What do we do? said Ananda.
That was my question, too, said the Abbot.
Just make sure, however we make sure, said Ruth, again looking at Clare, and if at all possible, that the trial is televised live.
What are you planning to say? said Roth. Or do?
I am planning to tell the truth. I am planning to really tell the truth.



::21:: (Los Angeles Federal Court)

Monday the 5th of August saw a lingering heat wave with almost no clouds in the sky at sunrise. The temperature at 8 a.m. was already flirting with triple digits. One could almost hear the city groan under the weight of high-pressure oven-air.
Trial was set to start at 10 a.m.
As promised, agent Roth accompanied Ruth and Ananda to court. Clare Downes was with her station, waiting for word which, if positive, would see her heading downtown with a crew to cover the trial. Abbot White had other urgent matters to attend to, not the least of which was his own diminishing flock. Besides, he said, he wasnt sure whether his old stomach was up to all the excitement.
Melissa, taking Roths and Clares word for itthe trial would be televised, for sureopted to stay at home and view things from that televised perspective. Someone, she said, had to judge how Ruth came across, how things were going from the viewers standpoint. Ruth, who at first insisted that Melissa join her in court, then saw the wisdom of her mothers view. Yes, we did have to know how things looked to the viewing audience. It was that appearance, more than anything else, that would shape public opinion about Ruth and the trial.
There was also the matter of too much excitement to stomach, though that remained a secret between daughter and mother. Dont worry, is what Ruth kept telling her. Really, mom, dont worry.

Earlier that morning, the court clerk had called them to say that they were to appear in courtroom seven on the second floor of the old district court building.
Whos room is that? asked Roth, who took the call.
Michelle Moores, answer the clerk.
Michelle Moore, said Roth.
Thats right, said the clerk. Ten oclock.
Thanks, said Agent Roth.
Is that the judge? said Ananda, overhearing the conversation. Michelle Moore?
Yes.
Is that good, or bad?
I dont think we could have been assigned a better judge, said Roth.
Who is Michelle Moore? Ruth wanted to know.
:
At least once every Christmas, Michelle Moore, visiting her parentswho, both now in their eighties, still live in San Franciscoasks them to tell her about the nineteen sixties. About the hippies, about Berkeley at the timethen the hotbed for true change in the country.
And always, whenever asked, they would oblige. Still considering themselves hippies (her mother still wore colorful, loose dresses and braided her long, gray hair every dayand unbraided and combed it every night), they would look at each other and then openly reminisce. About the love, about Donovan visiting from distant England, about the hope of the world, about Country Joe and the Fishthe Berkeley house band, about meeting and not at all falling in love at first sight but growing to know each other over the four semesters it took them to finally realize what was written in their stars, about their wedding in Golden Gate Park during a Grateful Dead concert (Jerry Garcia catered our music, is how her mother liked to put it), about deciding that their first child had to be conceived that decade, and going right ahead to make sure.
Spare me the details, Michelle would say, laughing. Loving the story.
They had raised her in the spirit of that amazing decade, and Michelle Moore was very grateful to them that they had. One day in her early thirties it had dawned on her with the force of a stray comet that she would not be where she now found herselfa sought after attorney, happily married, living what she felt was a full, though still and to be childless, lifeunless she had gained the values her parents had instilled, or rather, allowed her to absorb: love, trust, fairness, with a fair helping of her fathers Ohio work ethic and her mothers northern Washington tribal nature mysticism. They had allowed her to blossom, and even though it certainly had been she doing her own blossoming, they had planted those seeds and she was forever grateful.
Truth be told, she would much rather have stayed put in the Bay Area, where she, until four years ago, had been a senior partner in a small but very profitable firm. When the call finally came from the Federal Bench (something she planned and hoped for), however, it came not from San Francisco but from Los Angeles.
After some brief (though intense) soul-searching with her husband, they decided that the opportunity was too great to pass up, and down to Los Angeles they moved. They found a nice, ocean-viewing condominium in Redondo Beach, slip included, and late in the summer of 2026 they sailed their 32 foot schooner down the coast to their new home in the City of Angels (the movers taking care of the rest).
:
Lets get whats on everybodys mind out of the way, said Judge Moore. Should this trial be televised?
Your honor, almost shouted Otto Jones, standing up so abruptly he actually knocked his chair over.
Mr. Jones, said Moore.
Your honor, I call your attention to our motion to disallow television cameras which references several cases on point which is where Moore cut him off.
Ive read and considered your motion, Mr. Jones. Then she turned to Ruth Marten, sitting alone at the defendants table. Two empty chairs to her left. And you Miss Marten, what are your thoughts? I have not seen any motions from you on this television matter.
Ruth rose. I have not filed any motions, your honor, but I would like to have live cameras present.
And why is that?
I stand accused on charges verging on treason, said Ruth. If convicted I could spend the rest of my life in jail. My only defense is the truth as I see it, and I pray and hope that it will out in this trial. And as the truth about what I have done, and what I stand accused of are not even vaguely related
Here Judge Moore interrupted. This is not the time and place for your opening statement, Miss Marten.
Im sorry, your honor. I realize that.
Just tell me why you want live television in my court room.
I want this country, and the world, to see and hear the truth for themselves, directly, not second- or third-hand via pundits and reporters who more often than not have their own agendas clouding or coloring the issues.
Fair enough, said Moore.
Ruth sat down.
Judge Moore took a long look at Ruth, then at the prosecution team, Jones, Matthews, and a young male associate Moore did not recognize, apparently in charge of all the paperwork. She then looked back at Ruth again. And you, Miss Marten, are absolutely sure that you dont want to be represented by counsel?
Ruth rose again.
Its okay, you can answer me sitting down.
Ruth did. I am, your honor.
Fair enough, said Moore again. Then she said:
This trial will be televised live.
Jones shot to his feet again, but before he could speak, Moore pretty much ordered him: Sit down, Mister Jones.
He did, while flushing into an uncharacteristic shade of crimson.
However, she said. This will not turn into a carnival. We will have one network. Two cameras. That network will share its feed with anyone who would like to carry it. I will leave it up to the media to decide who does the live coverage.
We will take a thirty minute recess while the television people sort this all out and get set up. Be back here, by, she looked at her watch, by eleven. We will begin jury selection then.
At this she banged her gavel, and with such a snap that the little wood-on-wood explosion was much stronger than anyone expected. Not a few in the room startledmost, in fact, apart from her staff, and the court reporter, who were used it.



::22:: (Los Angeles Federal Court)

The selection of the Marten trial jury took the better part of this first week. It was not until mid-afternoon on Friday the 9th of August that a jury was finally seated.
One thing that had already set this trial apart was that, for a change, no one wanted out of jury duty, the reverse was true. Anyone excused, whether by a peremptory challenge or for cause, was obviously disappointed and seemed reluctant to leave the room. Refreshing, Judge Moore commented at one point.
They had each, Ruth and the prosecution, been given sixteen peremptory challenges, all of which were exercised. In addition, Jones and Matthews managed to excuse seven potential jurors for cause, mostly along liberal-religious lines. By contrast, Marten only challenged one juror for cause, once she discovered that the woman in question was absolutely convinced that there was no god of any sort, that we were all matter carbonized into life, and that there really was not meaning to anything. Judge Moore sided with Marten, and the juror was excused.
The twelve that would hear the caseRuth Martens peerscomprised seven women ages twenty-two to seventy-six, and five men ages thirty to sixty-four.
Three of the jurors were black, one was of Japanese and one of Chinese descent, one was a naturalized citizen born and raised in India (someone Jones has unsuccessfully challenged), the remaining six were white and mostly middle class, except for the bow-tied sixty-four old gentleman (who reminded most people, Judge Moore included, of Colonel Saunders of chicken fame) who seemed too well groomed to be anything but aristocracy. He was alsoand this seemed a natural turn of eventsvoted by the other members to chair the jury.
Once seated, Judge Moore gave the jurors a brief overview of the case, just to make sure that everyone was on the same page, then announced that opening statements would begin Monday morning, August the 12th. Then she snapped her gavel again. Not so many jumped this time.
:
Perhaps it should not have come as a surprise, but it nonetheless did, at least for many of the commentators: all stations that carried the jury selectionand more were climbing on board and subscribing to the feed every day (the feed was provided by NBC, the chosen crew, for free)reported anywhere from excellent to hard-to-believe viewer numbers. The Marten trial was quickly becoming a national event, some pundits went so far as to label this the public event of the century.
After the first two days of almost alarming viewer numbers, networks in Europe and Asia, prompted by the American figures, also took an interest, and by the end of the week, the Marten trial had blossomed into an international event.



::23:: (Los Angeles Federal Court)

Otto Jones was in his element. He lived for this. The details of any case mattered far less to him than the setting and situationthe texture and the airof the opening day of trial.
A case is a cause, is a jury, an audience, andespecially herea stage, a performance: his moment.
He rose slowly, as if to underscore his rising, and replaced his chair just so. Now taking them in he approached the jury. Halfway there, he began speaking, loudly and emphatically:
Ladies and gentlemen. I am willing to bet you just about anything that a month ago none of you suspected that you were soon to constitute a turning point in human history.
He arrived, placed his hands on the polished rail separating him from the twelve pairs of eyes and now paused to make sure they all understood what he was saying. He saw that not all did. An odd stare from number four, equally blank and questioning from number seven. To rephrase then. Deep breath:
It has fallen upon your shoulders, ladies and gentlemen, to decidewhether that decision will be made next week, or next month, or two months from nowwhether the world as we know it should be allowed to carry on undisturbed by riot and catastrophe.
This, he saw, did reach home. Touched nerves. Okay, all with him now.
Judge Moore shifted in her chair, and frowned slightly. Still, as a rule she gave counsel a very liberal opening rein, and so remained silent.
The defendant, said Jones, turning towards and looking at Ruth, thought briefly of pointing at her as well but decided that his look would sufficestill loudly, still emphatically, a self-made prophet and new age guru, stands here accused of inciting to civil unrest and civil disobedience.
A brief pause. Then: Now, what does that actually mean?
He paused again, to make sure of their undivided attention. In fact, he scanned all twelve faces, each long enough to make eye contact. Then he smiled his approval of their focus, all eyes on him now. Waiting.
Excellent.
You may assume that inciting to civil unrest and disobedience takes a subversive agitator whipping up discontent and revolt among people. And you assume right, of course. That is one way to go about it. The more common and obvious of the two ways.
The other approach, the equally if not more effective approachjust look at the resultwas taken by Mahatma Gandhi when he wrested India out from under the English, not by active agitation, but by passive refusal to play by their rules.
The defendants approach is even more subtle. For Gandhi did ask his people, his audience, to resist, to no longer play. Miss Marten, and here he turned toward her again, to indicate that yes, he was talking about her, the defendant, does nothing of the sort, but achieves the same result, only even more spectacularly, and faster. She could teach Gandhi a thing or two.
Number four starts to blank out again. Jones realizes that she might not know who Gandhi was. Should he explain? No, that would be a little risky, no way to do that delicately. So he moves on.
Miss Marten has not asked anyone to stop playing by the rules. She has not asked anyone to stop taking their medication, or to abandon their church of years and years, the church of their family and friends.
Miss Marten has not demanded that her audience stop spending their money in ways that for the last century has built this nation to the power that it is. No, her approach is not as overt at that. But her effect upon this nation is the same as if she had.
Patients, all of whom should and actuallywhen not interfered withdo know better, suddenly refuse their medicine. Millions of people from all walks of life suddenly refuse to fuel this country with their pursesour products, the heart of this country, are no longer good enough, it seems.
A machine that has run just fine for close to a century is slowly grinding to a halt for lack of fuel. That, ladies and gentlemen, is the well-documented effect of the defendants subversive actions.
In this trial, not only will we show that the defendants actions are the direct cause of both this slowing of the economy and this endangerment of public health, we will also show that her actions are deliberate and self-serving. We will show that she is in fact inciting to both public unrest and disobedience, and that she is a grave threat to our nation.
And we will show that if she is not stoppedwe will show that if you, ladies and gentlemen, do not stop herwe may never again enjoy what we all have come to take for granted and love about our country, for it may not even exist a year from now.
You may think that I am exaggerating the gravity of the situation. Rest assured that if anything I am understanding the serious nature of things. You will see this for yourself as we present evidence to substantiate, and as our witnesses testify to, this out and out attack on the foundations of our nation.
His voice had by now almost risen to a shout. Definitely strong enough to blow through any cobwebs accumulating around numbers four and seven, both of whom look a little shell-shocked. The other ten looked a little stunned as well.
Perfect.
Quieter now: She will claim, I am sure she will, that this widespread desertion of our nation and its health that she has brought about was not her intention at all. She will claim, and look you right in the eye as she does so, that her intentions were nothing but good, savory. She meant for nothing of this to happen. Oh, she will tell you this, I am sure. But heres the thing: we do in fact intend the effects we cause. Psychologists have proven that we always, on some level, and never very far from the surface, and never so deep down that we are not aware of it were we honest enough with ourselves to take a look, they have proven that we do mean the results we bring about. Always.
She, and here he turned again to face Ruth Marten, just to make sure the jury was clear about whom he was talking. She will no doubt try to tell us she didnt know the gun was loaded. But, please believe me ladies and gentlemen of the jury, she not only knew that the gun was loaded, she carefully prepared and loaded the ammunition herself.
She means to bring this country to its knees, and she is succeeding.
This was as much as he wanted to say. He surveyed the twelve faces, and in particular faces number four and seven, and found that they were all wide awake, all looking straight at him, some mouths even slightly agape, waiting for more.
All right, one more spoonful: I have no doubtand neither will you once you have seen all the evidence and heard from all of our witnessesthat she carefully prepared and loaded the ammunition herself, that she took careful and steady aim, and that she then knowingly and willingly pulled the trigger.
Done.
He turned, and walked back to his seat, his retreat followed by twelve pairs of eyes that then moved to linger briefly on Ruth Marten, enemy of the state.
:
I have to admit that Jones knows how to wind up and play a jury. They seemed to a man, and a woman, incapable of letting him go, eyes following him every step of the way back to his seat. Then, before returning to their seats, they landed on me, lingered there for a while, some in curious disgust, some in what struck me as fear. Jones had made his point very, very well. Hit the mark with it, driven it home into the hearts of these people: I was not to be trusted, look what Id done. And he would prove it way beyond a reasonable doubt.
He was not a man to take lightly.
Judge Moore looked at me, a question in her eyes: was I going to say something? The two television cameras swung to look at me as well, asking the same question.
So I rose. I looked over at these twelve men and womenthe most important twelve men and women in my life, and, truly, in the life of the planet. Not all looked back. Some did. The old bow-tied gentleman did. The young black woman did, defiantly.
I looked down at my desk. Free of all things but a polished shine, standing in stark and naked contrast to Jones overburdened desk, straining under the weight of evidence against me.
I thought of approaching the jury, but then thought better of it. What I had to say, I could say from here.
Tomorrow will show that I have done nothing but good for this nation, for this planet, is what I said. Then I sat down and said no more.



::24:: (Los Angeles Federal Court)

Judge Moore sometimes counted the words said in a single sentence. When she didand this happened perhaps once or twice a weekshe was not aware of doing this until the deed was done, and she found herself nursing a number, an amount.
It was not always immediately apparent which sentence she had heard and word-counted, but she could always trace it. And, she knew this from experience, the count was always accurate.
This time, when she found the number sixteen hovering in her internal silence, there was no doubt about the sentence: it was the sentence Ruth Marten had chosen as her opening statement.
Sixteen words. The shortest opening statement she had ever heard. Said, though, with such confidence that they might just suffice. Still, she looked over at the undeniably beautiful thirty year old accused of such grave crimes against the state. Did Ruth Marten really know what she was doing?
As a judge she could stipulateif she deemed the girl incapable of defending herselfthat she must accept representation. She was in two very separate minds about this. On the one hand, the girl obviously had no real idea of judicial procedure and protocol, which could harm her defenseand so herselfirreparably by unforeseen blunders.
On the other hand, the quiet calm that she literally emanated spoke of an almost magical competence.
She decided to let matters stand the way they stood. She would, however, do what she could to steer her along the proper course, judicially speaking. That was decidedly not taking sides, that was ensuring justice.
She knew that Marten had just said all she intended to say at the moment, still, a part of her was expecting more, and sofrom what she could telldid both jury and prosecution. Therefore she spoke, to clarify things:
That is all?
Yes, your honor, that is all, answered Marten.
Judge Moore nodded. She then looked over at the jury to make sure they understood. They seemed to. Fair enough, she said. Then turned to Jones, Call your first witness, Mr. Jones.
Yes, your honor. The prosecution calls the Reverend Blackburn Moses.
:
The head of the Southern Baptist Convention stood six foot three and as he rose, his tall and massive frame seemed to grow like a large, unruly tree from the bench where he had sat. He sidled his way to the aisle, then lumbered his way to the witness stand.
Hand on the Bible he repeated the oath in his characteristic thunder of a voice. Jones had chosen his first witness very well. No one in the room did not know who he was and not a single pair of eyes were not resting firmly on the pastor.
Jones rose and approached.
For the record, he began. What is your name, sir. And what do you do?
My name, answered the pastor, is Blackburn Moses. I am a servant of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
You head up the Southern Baptist Convention, do you not?
I do, confirmed the pastor.
Are you at all familiar with the defendant, Ruth Marten?
I cant say I know her personally, he boomed. But Im sorry to say I know of her.
How is that?
Her name has come up in many a recent conversation.
Between whom?
The conversations?
Yes.
Between me and my lieutenants, and between me and my flock.
What were these conversations about?
We talked about the possible reasons why so many in our congregations were, and still are, abandoning their faith.
And did you establish some reason?
We did.
What reason was that?
Ruth Marten.
The defendant?
Yes.
How could she be the reason. I mean, why did you arrive at this conclusion?
I spoke to many a member personally, and to many a parent and grandparent to children who had abandoned the faith, and with each distraught such person I spoke to, only one name came up. Ruth Martens.
Came up, how?
Came up as the person who the straying member had decided to follow instead of our Lord and Savior.
Did they give a reason?
Yes. It was because of those Internet lectures. They had seen them and been ensnared by them.
At this point Judge Moore looked over at Ruth. Would she not object? Ruth seemed to understand. Shook her head. Judge Moore nodded. Not in agreement, more in resignation.
Did you ever speak to strayed members themselves, directly?
Oh, yes. Many a strayed member of the flock.
And what did they say?
They said that Ruth Marten had shown them a true way to a better life.
Again, Judge Moore looked over at Ruth, who again shook her head. The Judge then looked at the witness, Please be more specific, she said.
Moses looked up at the judge. What do you mean?
They, said Judge Moore. Who were they?
Several of my flock.
And they all said precisely that?
Said what?
That Ruth Marten had shown them a true way to a better life?
Or words to that effect.
We dont want words to that effect in this court. Please be specific. Who said what, precisely?
I dont remember precisely.
Give it a try.
Oh, well. Okay. One young woman, still in college, told me that Ruth Marten had shown her how to see things more clearly.
Her words? said Judge Moore.
Her words.
Who else?
Sidebar, you honor? said Otto Jones.
Judge Moore nodded, then looked over at Ruth Marten and waved her toward the podium. Ruth understood and approached along with Jones.
Your honor, said Jones. Why are you examining the witness?
Because, said Moore, you invite and allow broad generalities into the record. Miss Marten seem to tolerate this lack of professionalism on your part, but I dont.
Jones swallowed, twice.
Is that all? said Moore.
Yes, your honor. Foregoing whatever other point he had wanted to raise with the Judge.
Can you keep things specific? said Moore. Or do you need me to continue to do that for you?
I am quite capable, began Jones.
I am glad to hear it, said Moore.
Ruth returned to her seat, and Jones faced Blackburn Moses again. Who else did you speak to, Reverend? Then with a brief glance at the Judge, Specifically?
A young man was brought by his mother to see me. She was despairing about him wanting to meditate rather than listen to and follow the word of Christ.
What did you ask him?
I asked him how come he had abandoned his true faith.
What was his reply?
He said that he had seen and listened to an online Ruth Marten lecture, several in fact, and learned how to meditate. He then went on to say that this meditation was freeing his soul.
Those were his words?
Yes, sir. Those were his words.
What did you advice the mother and her son?
I told him, and his mother, that things that temp one away from the word of Christ is the work of the Devil.
Did they agree?
The mother did. The son remained defiant, insisting that meditation worked much better.
Worked much better than the word of Christ?
Yes. Yes, thats what he said. It worked much better.
Do you know what he meant by worked much better?
I didnt ask him.
What did you understand it to mean?
That the word of Ruth Marten was replacing the word of Jesus Christ.
What did your conversation with your lieutenants consist of?
They each reported to me about drastic drops in attendance in their various districts of responsibility.
Were any reasons other than Ruth Martens lectures given for this decline?
No, rumbled Moses. No.
So, you have experienced a drastic decline in attendance, is that what you are telling this court?
Throughout the congregations. Yes, said Moses.
Do you have any statistical evidence that this is the case? said Jones.
You know I do, said Moses.
Just answer the question, please, said Jones.
Yes. Yes, I do. And I gave copies of it to you.
Thank you.
Jones then walked over to his desk and was handed a sheaf of papers by his young male associate. He turned to Judge Moore, holding up the report. Wed like to enter the Peoples exhibit number one into the record.
Have you given a copy to the defendant? asked Moore.
Yes, your honor.
Judge Moore looked over at Ruth who nodded, yes, she had a copy. She then held out her hand and received the report. So entered, she said.
Can you please show the witness the report, your honor, said Jones.
Judge Moore obliged, and handed the papers to Moses.
Is this the statistical evidence you have gathered? asked Jones.
Yes it is.
And when was this data gathered?
Two days ago.
And what does it show?
It shows, and here Moses looked down to refresh his memory with the correct figures. It shows an average decline in attendance, over the last three months, of forty-two percent.
Is that a lot? said Jones.
Is that a lot? What kind of a question is this. Forty-two percent. That is almost half.
Please just answer the question, said Jones.
Yes, it is a lot. It is a catastrophic lot, said Moses. Some districts, and here he consulted the summarizing cover page again, show as much as a sixty-one percent decline in attendance over the last three months. Tornadoes and such never caused such a devastation among the flock. Never.
And all due to, began Jones.
Because of her, interrupted Moses, pointing at Ruth.
Let the record show that the witness is pointing to the defendant, Ruth Marten, said Jones, just making sure. Then he retrieved the report from Moses and handed it back to the judge, who in turn passed it on to the clerk.
Jones then turned to Ruth. Your witness, he said.
No questions, said Ruth.
Are you sure, said Judge Moore.
I am, your honor, said Ruth.
:
Jones next witness was Rabbi Doron Hefter, another attendee of the New York Faith Summit, and another religious leader who by now had seen attendance more than halved by his faithful abandoning the faith for the anapasti mumbo-jumbo as he insisted on calling Ruth Martens message.
After the judicial formalities, Jones asked him, What is happening with your church today?
Asking this question of the volatile rabbi was akin to lighting a fuse sunk deeply within a brick of explosives. He looked at Jones, then over at Ruth, then up at the judge. Then, looking at the jury now, said, It is dying. Three thousand years of devotion shattered and scattered by this, this, renegade, looking back at Ruth now.
Have my people not suffered enough? he asked of anyone in the room.
What do you mean? said Jones.
I mean that we are never left in peace to study and worship our God. Our faith is being torn asunder by this false and heretical prophet.
Why do you say that?
I say that because this morning I had fourteen people in my synagogue, fourteen. When I used to have forty, or fifty, or more. Fourteen. I counted them twice to make sure.
And where were the others? The other twenty-six, or thirty-six.
Listening to this temptress, no doubt, said the Rabbi, again looking over at Ruth Marten, his hand twitching as if it really wanted to point but was conflicted about it.
Mister Jones. Would you mind reigning in your witness a little, said Judge Moore.
Instead of answering, Jones nodded, then coughed.
How do you know that the defendant is responsible for this falling off of your flock?
You mean my congregation? apparently objecting to the word flock.
Of course.
I know because we have called most of those who have abandoned us, and each and every one mentioned Ruth Marten.
As having done what? wondered Jones.
As having lured them away.
Specifics, please, said Judge Moore.
The Rabbi looked up at her, surprised.
Lured them away, how? said Jones.
By promising them heaven on earth.
Specifically? said Jones.
Specifically?
How did she promise them heaven on earth?
With this anapasti mumbo-jumbo.
What, precisely, looking up at the Judge as if to confirm that he got her message, are you referring to?
The meditation she preaches.
Are you talking about npnasati?
Yes, thats what Im talking about.
And how is npnasati delivering heaven on earth? wondered Jones.
I never said anything about delivering, I said promising.
All right, promising.
I think she, and again he looked over at Ruth Marten as if to underline the word, is promising heavenly bliss by both her beguiling looks and by her seductive words.
Words? What words?
She talks about the inner stillness, the inner bliss as if you could just sit down and walk there. As if it were available to anyone with a few spare minutes on their hands.
Never, not even once, has she mentioned God. No mention of Yahweh, none. Not a single reference to the Creator of all life. If that is not seditious, I dont know what is.
And people believe her?
People? said Judge Moore.
Sorry, your honor. Then back to the Rabbi, And your congregation, those youve asked why they no longer attend service, they believe her?
To a man, said the Rabbi. Its if theyve been enchanted. As if she can cast spells.
How is this inciting to civil unrest and civil disobedience? Judge Moore wanted to know, addressing the Rabbi.
Well, your honor. Remove, or destroy, a mans faith and youll destroy the very fabric that holds society together. The defendant is doing her best to undermine three thousand years of sacred teachings. In a few months, emptying our synagogues. Thats how.
Fair enough, said Judge Moore. Then she gave Jones a back to you look.
Rabbi Hefter, said Jones. You mentioned in your deposition that this falling off of attendance is not only occurring in your district, but all over the country.
All over the world, corrected the Rabbi.
Could you elaborate on that, please.
Gladly. Even in Israel, for Jobs sake. According to my sources there attendance, country-wide, has dropped over thirty percent. This is the homeland of the Jews. Thirty percent.
Do your sources have names? Can we verify this?
I can do better than that, counselor. As you know, I have a report, received yesterday, and of which you have a copy.
Yes, indeed. Jones now turned back to his desk to receive another sheaf of paper from his clerk. Then turned back to the judge. Wed like to enter the Peoples exhibit number two into the record. He handed her the papers.
The defendant has a copy?
Yes, your honor.
So entered, she said and passed them on to her clerk.
The report  weve just entered as evidence, said Jones, again addressing his witness. It is an official report?
Yes it is. Ever since we began to perceive the impact of Miss Martens promises on our congregations, we have kept attendance records throughout Israel. These reports are directly from the Jewish State Department, signed and sealed, literally.
Signed and sealed by whom? said Jones.
By the Minister of the Interior and Public Welfare.
So we can believe these figures.
Yes we can.
Now, have they established that Ruth Marten is the cause for this falling off of attendance?
According to their best estimates, yes. They have obviously not spoken to every person who has ceased to attend services, but they have contacted and interviewed a sufficient number to draw a statistically valid conclusion.
And that conclusion is?
That conclusion is that Ruth Martens seditious sermons are the root of this problem.
No further questions, your honor.
Judge Moore looked over at Ruth. Any questions of this witness, Miss Marten?
No, your honor, said Ruth.
:
Jones third witness for the day was Aisha Amiri, speaking for the Islam religion. Jones had done some soul searching before bringing her to the stand because the Muslim faith was still a contentious issue among the general public and calling on her might, however faintly, give the impression that the prosecution was taking Islams side in whatever confrontations they were currently involved in. This could cast him, and his case, in a bad light with the jury, and the press.
In the end, he came down on the side of the more the merrier, figuring that demonstration that no religion, not even Islam, was immune to Ruth Martens negative influence would outweigh any implied Muslim support on his part.
So, here she was, more stunning than ever to Jones, shrouded in a black, a mysterious exterior (was that a black sari?) hiding the equally mysterious interior, reflected by her darker than night eyes and black waterfall of hair. She fascinated him, always had.
Jones had made sure that the clerk used a copy of the Koran rather than the Bible for the swearing, and he was happy to see that there were no mix-ups in that department. Then again, Judge Moore would also have seen to that.
Miss Amiri, said Jones. And did not continue until the woman looked up at him. Miss Amiri, he repeated. You are well briefed, and kept up-to-date, about the impact, if any, of Ruth Martens lectures on the attendance in your mosques. Would that be a correct statement?
Yes, she answered. That would be a correct statement.
This being the case, what is Ruth Martens impact on the attendance, if any?
As of two days ago, the nationwide impactand by nationwide I mean the United Statesof Miss Martens lectures on our attendance appears to be a thirty percent drop, give or take a point.
Appears? said Jones.
We have not verified her as the cause with every single non-attendee, said Amiri.
But you have verified it with some?
We have verified this drop in attendance with a sufficient number of Muslims to render the number statistically reliable, she answered.
Jones liked matter-of-factness. A lot.
How many wayward attendees have you interviewed? said Jones, and, seeing Amiri frown, immediately regretted his choice of wayward. He considered for a fleeting moment apologizing, but never got as far as deciding before she spoke.
I am not sure how wayward these men and women might be, but we have spoken directly to over two thousand Muslims who up until the last couple of months were regular worshippers at their mosques and today no longer visit.
Two thousand?
Statistically relevant, Amiri clarified.
Statistically relevant, confirmed Jones. And what did this statistically relevant portion of your worshippers (he almost said flock and was very glad he didnt hit that pot hole) give as the reason for no longer attending?
Ruth Marten, said Amiri.
The defendant?
Of course.
Why? asked Jones.
The most common reason given was that they had tried meditation and found it to work.
Found it to work?
That is what I said, and that is what they said.
What percentage of the two thousand gave that answer? asked Jones before Judge Moore didwhich he assumed that she was about to.
Forty-one percent.
So, of the two thousand people you interviewed, over eight hundred told you that they had found meditation to work? By the time the last word had crossed his lips Jones was berating himself for asking the question. He was not in the business of validating Ruth Martens promises. But the number had taken him by surprise.
That is correct.
What does the Koran say about meditation? Is it permissible?
It is permissible.
So those who meditate are not in trouble?
What do you mean?
They are not breaking any Islam precepts that would get them in hot water with their Imams?
Miss Amiri looked at Jones and then up at the Judge, not sure what Jones was getting at.
Judge Moore sympathized and said, Where are you going with this, Mister Jones? Is it relevant?
I was under the impression, your honor, that Islam frowned upon Muslims engaging in practices other than Islam.
Well, said Amiri, It does.
But you just said that Islam did not frown upon meditation.
Meditation has its place in Islam.
Buddhist meditation?
I never said that, said Amiri.
Ah, said Jones.
Get to the point, said Judge Moore.
Will these eight hundred confessed Buddhist meditators now be in trouble with their Imams?
How do you define in trouble? said Amiri.
Well, how would you define it? said Jones.
Mister Jones, said Judge Moore. Dont badger the witness.
Their Imams, said Amiri, will not be happy with the meditators, thats is true. But they are not in trouble as you seem to like saying. Its not as if we are going to stone them or anything.
Both Judge Moore and Otto Jones flinched at this biting remark. Jones took a moment or two to regain composure. Then said, Im sorry, Miss Amiri, I didnt mean to imply (imply what?). I just wanted to establish that these Muslims knowingly went against the wishes of their religious leaders, something you rarely do, in order to take Ruth Marten up on her offer.
I guess you could put it that way, agreed Amiri.
Lets return to the cause, the statistically relevant cause of the thirty percent drop, give or take, in attendance at your American mosques. You have established this to be Ruth Martens Internet lectures?
Yes, we have.
Have you seen similar drops in other, more traditionally Muslim countries?
We have seen drops, said Amiri.
As large? asked Jones.
I dont know. They have not shared their numbers with us.
But they have experienced a drop in attendance, in countries like Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Iran?
That is my understanding, said Amiri.
Jones considered asking for more detail, but decided not to. He had made his point: even Islam was being devastated by Ruth Martens promises.
No further questions, said Jones.
Judge Moore looked over at Ruth Marten, expecting her to decline again. To her surprise, Ruth Marten said, One question, your honor.
Please approach, said Moore.
Ruth rose and walked over to Amiri. For a long, silent moment Ruth took her in, and not without interest.
Miss Amiri, she said. Have you listened to any of my lectures?
Yes, I have, said Amiri.
And what did you think? asked Ruth. She stressed you to make very sure that what she was asking was Amiris personal opinion, not the opinion of her federation or religion.
Interesting, said Amiri. Truthfully.
Thank you, said Ruth and returned to her seat.
The witness may step down, said Judge Moore.
:
John Keeler, the Boston Archbishop speaking for the American Catholic Church and its attendance problem, and the Reverend John Fielding, head of the American United Methodist Church, were Jones final two witnesses for the day, both testifying to similar devastations of congregation attendance due to Ruth Martens pernicious (Keelers word) and venomous (Fieldings word) influence on their respective flocks (neither objected to the term).
After Fieldings testimony, Judge Moore called it a day.
:
That evening, the Los Angeles Times ran this banner on its Web site: Marten Disrupts World Religions.
The article, reporting on the trial, then went on to detail how through her now ubiquitous (an often used word these days) lectures seemed to reach and speak to all ages of all denominations, whether Christian, Muslim, Hindu, or Jew.
According to quoted statistics the falling off of devoted flock was as drastic among the Muslim and Hindu as amongst the Christians and Jews testified to at trial.
The question though, and one which Otto Jones seems to have skirted altogether, is whether this is a good or a bad thing. He has, in the writers opinion, successfully establish that Ruth Martens teachings have reached, touched, and wrested from the clutches of established religion a large percentage of their congregations, but he has not established whether this is for the good or for the bad.
Perhaps, the article concludes, this will soon be addressed.
Other media, whether online or television, filed similar reports, most highlighting (and verifying by their own research) the tremendous impact Marten is having on traditional and organized religion. Most also end by asking the Los Angeles Times question: Good or bad?



::25:: (Los Angeles Federal Court)

Otto Jones next witness was nothing short of a coup.
Nora Fieldings daily television show, Of Sound Mind, enjoyed some of the best viewer ratings in the country, and was also syndicated to a healthy part of Europe and Asia. And it was the number one show in Australia. In fact, one of the tabloids had not long ago broadly wondered whether there was a person alive on Earth who did not know who Nora Fielding was.
Psychiatrist by training and educator/entertainer by current trade, by appearance Nora Fielding could also have been Judge Moores sister. The same startlingly gray hair adorned both women, and for the occasion it seemed that Fielding, for some hard-to-fathom reason, had arranged her hair to mirror that of the judges. Standing up, hand on the Bible, taking the witness-oath, the resemblance was close to uncanny, and the hushed wave that seemed to break upon the shore of the court room confirmed this.
Judge Moore was not a little uncomfortable about this what she deemed a bit of a spectacle, but concealed it well, wrapped in a well-worn and fitting lets-get-on-with-it and unsmiling air.
Miss Fielding, began Jones. I would like to get right to the point. In your opinion, is Ruth Marten a danger to society?
Yes, she answered.
Why is that?
Before she answered, Nora Fielding seemed to have discovered some minor wrinkle in her skirt, which she took a moment to even out. This, one would assume, for effect, to deepen silence and heighten attention. She was succeeding. Apparently satisfied that the wrinkle was taken care of, she looked up at Jones, and then over at the jury and said, There is nothing in this world quite as alluring, nor quite as impossible to reach, as the promised bliss of enlightenment.
Many, throughout history, have promised this holy grail, and purportedly shown the way, but no one has ever, can ever, or will ever, deliver on this promise.
Still, as the lost individuals we all are, we still fall for this promise, we still hope to find it, and dont forget that hope is the one human emotion stronger even than fear.
She briefly looked down at her lap, as if to verify that the skirt-wrinkle remained taken care of. Then she looked up again:
We will never cease to thirst for the impossible, and not for a long time, if ever, has this promise of the impossible been presented so enticingly, nor as beautifully, as by Miss Marten.
Are you then sayingfor you are certainly implyingthat Miss Marten lies in her account of the way to enlightenment?
Lying is a strong word, Mister Jones. Lying does assume intent to deceive. I do not know for certain whether Miss Marten intends to deceive, she may believe what shes saying.
But what she does say, what she is telling her audience, in your expert opinion, is not true?
Her message is definitely not true.
And you say this based on what?
A thorough and well-grounded education followed by two decades worth of professional experience with the human race.
Why, though, does this present a danger to society?
A society works bestor at allwhen its members share both a view of reality and a notion of where were heading. In other words, when those in the society share a common goal. When, to use a rowing metaphor, all of us are pulling in the same direction.
And Miss Martens promises disrupts this how?
Looking over at Ruth Marten, she answered: By promising something so alluring that far too many individuals in the society abandon previously agreed upon goals and instead set out for this new, enticing destination. At worst youll find these poor people all rowing in a different direction, at best they simply let go of the oars.
Is that the actual danger? Well, let me rephrase that. What, specifically, would be the result of this abandonment of the oars. What does the danger consist of?
A good example is one that youve already mentioned, Mister Jones. Im thinking about Gandhi. He brought India to its knees simply by telling everybody to let go of the oars. The British finally threw up their hands in frustration and packed their bags.
And you see a parallel here, with Miss Marten?
I do.
How so?
In that Miss Marten, much like Gandhi, has the worlds ear and has kindled its hopes. The Internet has allowed her views and promises to reach uncountable masses of people, all of whom might well let go of the oars.
And then what would happen to society?
It might come to a standstill.
And that is the danger?
That is the danger.
No further questions, your honor.
Judge Moore looked over at Ruth, who shook her head in confirmation: No, no questions.
:
Jones next witness, Vince Reynolds, was the Chief Administrator of Hospital One, nowsince a recent rash of acquisitionsthe largest HMO in the United States. At well over six feet tall, and immaculately dressed, he struck the figure of the model successful executive. His voice followed suite, deep and assertive.
Impressive.
Mister Reynolds, these days, how many hospitals does Hospital One manage?
As of today, said Reynolds, andif thats possiblestraightened up further, the number stands at twelve hundred fifty-three. And you can add to that some six hundred twelve thousand medical offices.
Impressive, said Jones, indeed impressed.
Reynolds smiled in return.
And how do you manage to oversee and run so many facilities?
Our facilities are all networked, and we manage purely by performance statistics.
And these statistics, how often are they reported to headquarters?
Oh, they are streamed real-time. But they are summarized, to afford us an overview, every twenty-four hours.
So, in other words, any data, and any conclusions you base on such information, is current?
Never older than twenty-four hours.
Thats what Id call current, said Jones, looking up at Judge Moore.
Agreed, said Reynolds.
Now, said Jones, looking back at Reynolds with an expression that bespoke getting down to business. Here, in your deposition, you reference one statistic which you find, and I quote: Looking down, Jones found the highlighted portion, Deeply disturbing, if not alarming.
Yes.
What statistic is that, Mister Reynolds?
New admissions.
To your hospitals?
Including hospital admissions. For statistical purposes, we treat office consultations as a sub-portion of admissions. This way the statistic reflects the number of individuals seeking treatment for new or recurring problems.
Understood. And this is the alarming statistic?
Yes.
Why?
It is undergoing a radical decline.
How would you define radical, Mister Reynolds?
Over the last two months we have seen a drop in admissions and office consultations of over 24%. That is an unprecedented decline.
How do you explain this?
And now, coming to the rehearsed crux of the matter, Reynolds said: We have plotted this decline against the increasing views of Miss Martens video lectures, and there is an almost uncanny relationship. Our admissions and consultations drop at virtually the same pace as the number of her online lecture views rise.
So, are you telling this court that her lectures make people well?
Well, said Reynolds, and now he looked first at the judge and then over at the jury. Our investigation paints a different picture: people think they are well, when they are not. Miss Marten is feeding them unhealthy portions of hope and promise and her audience seem to take this pie-in-the-sky to heart.
So they are not less ill?
No, our investigation shows that people are just as ill, contract just as many ailments as before, but they ignore them in favor of hope that they will get better and that their ailments will dissipate of their own accord.
And do they?
We see no evidence of that.
And if this trend continues?
If this keeps up, we may soon find ourselves facing an unmanageable backlog of illness and disease which in effect would spell catastrophe.
Catastrophe? Thats a strong word, Mister Reynolds.
Yes, but an accurate one.
Jones turned back to his assistant who handed him another sheaf of computer printouts. Addressing Judge Moore, he then said. These are the statistics referenced in Mister Reynolds testimony, and Id like to enter them as Peoples exhibit number three.
Judge Moore nodded and received the papers. So entered, she said.
Jones said, No further questions your honor.
To no ones surprise, Ruth Marten had no questions for this witness.
:
Jones third (and last) witness for the day looked Vince Reynolds antithesis. Bradley Anderson stood a rather heavy five foot four on a good day, had very little hair, and what little remained he had cropped to near invisibility. Dressed in a conservative, and seemingly inexpensive, brown three-piece suit, and sporting a bowtie under a blue button-down collar, he looked the archetypal accountant (or college professor), possibly hopelessly lost in a sea of numbers.
His face was, nonetheless, a household one, since he was broadly acknowledged as the foremost economist in the country.
Mister Anderson, said Jones after the legal formalities. Where do you work?
I am employed by the United States Department of the Treasury. This he almost whispered, and not into the witness chair microphone.
Please, Mister Anderson, said Jones. Could you repeat this a little louder. And into the microphone, please. I dont think all of the jury members caught that.
Nor the judge, said Judge Moore.
Sorry, your honor, said Anderson. Then said again, leaning forward into the mic, and quite loudly this time, I am employed by the Treasury Department.
There was no doubt that everybody heard him this time.
And what do you do there? wondered Jones.
I analyze economic trends.
Why?
Why?
Yes, why?
Why, for the same reason you analyze any trends: to forecast the future.
And that is your job, Mister Anderson. To tell the future?
I didnt say tell. No one can tell the future with certainty, but based on historical trends and with current data at hand, we can predict the future with some degree of likelihood.
And that is what you do?
That is what I do.
Mister Anderson, in a recent deposition you offered that some critical economic indicators all agreed that all is not well with our economic future.
That is correct, Anderson said. Then added, Nor with our economic present.
What indicators were those, and what did they tell us?
The indicators I referred to in my deposition all had to do with public consumption of goods and services. They all tell the same story: we are heading for a drastic economic slowdown, perhaps even a meltdown.
I believe the word you used in the deposition was catastrophe, said Jones.
Thats correct. That is the word I used.
Could you, for the benefit of the court, and the jury, please elaborate on this.
And elaborate Mr. Anderson did, for he came prepared.
And it took him the rest of the day to present his many graphs and other computer-generated media to illustrate what indeed was a dramatic slowdown in public consumption of such American staples as fast food, beer, movie tickets, medical services, entertainment, cars, luxury items, jewelry, and, yes, candy.
Midway through this lecture, Judge Moore asked him to please speed things up. Not for her own benefit, for she found the information quite fascinating, but for the jurys, where a few of the members had begun to nod off.
Sorry, your Honor, said Anderson. I just want to make the current situation absolutely clear.
And clear is what he made it. The judges interruption apparently stirred the slipping jurors back to attention, and for the rest of the presentation Anderson had everybody with him, and nobody missed his point: today, the American consumer was spending almost 25% less on goods and services than he did only three months ago. If this kept up, the U.S. economy would come to a standstill. Again he deployed the word meltdown, and to good effect.
But surely that will not happen? suggested a now apparently alarmed Jones.
It could never come to a complete standstill of zero spending, said Anderson. But even if our national spending were to remain at current levels for much longer, factories would have to cut back on production, retailers, in order to remain in business, would have to shrink their inventories to match current demands. You must understand that a twenty-five percent reduction is spending is indeed catastrophic. I used that word in my deposition for a reason. It would be a catastrophe. It is a catastrophe.
What happened? Do you have any explanation for this?
Ruth Marten happened. Thats quite clear. The slowdown in spending coincides with her gaining popularity.
Are you telling me that twenty-five percent of the population are now devotees of Miss Marten?
No, I am not saying that, although by view statisticsthe number of Americans that have or are now viewing her lecturesyou could draw that conclusion. It seems, by our investigation, that more like ten percent of the population are headed for the Defendants promised land, and that these ten percent have cut their spending by more than half, but as much as sixty-five percent in some cases.
You have proof of this?
I supplied the documentation with my deposition, said Anderson.
Right, said Jones, and turned to his assistant; who, on cue handed Jones two thick folders, one containing the Anderson deposition, and one containing the supporting statistical and investigatory evidence. I would like enter these as Peoples exhibits numbers four and five.
Judge Moore received them, and passed them on to her clerk. So entered, she said.
Would you, in your expert opinion, consider Miss Ruth Marten, the Defendant, a threat to national security?
Perhaps not to national security, the way we understand the word. But to national safety. Were this to keep up, this unprecedented slowdown in spending, the meltdown, our countrys economic engine would grind to a halt.
And what would that mean, Mister Anderson?
It would mean, could mean, famine, death, and chaos.
Catastrophe?
Catastrophe.
The jury, to a man and woman, appeared shocked.
:
The Los Angeles Times lead that evenings Web Edition, and the following mornings print edition with the following banner: Marten grinding the U.S. to a Halt.
The article went on to explain what Bradley Andersons figures actually meant, and then went on to express outrage that the media had not been informed about this earlier. If the countrys economy was teetering on the brink of collapse, why had we not been told sooner?
Another LA Times article scrutinized the figures presented by Anderson and concluded that by all indicatorsand by the papers own, albeit hurried, verificationthey were true and correct. Which, the article concluded, was bad news indeed.
Several television stations echoed the Los Angeles Times sentiment that they (and by they they meant the public) should have been informed sooner about the impending implosion of the American economy.
The Presidents Press Secretary, however, put a less dramatic spin on things. It is true that some statistics are heading south at the moment, but others are heading up. She did not specify which others, and would not elaborate when asked to.
There was not a news outlet in the worldprint, television, or Internetthat did not lead with the Marten trial, and that did not weigh in on its progress. Most also expressed astonishment that Ruth Marten had only asked two questions so far, and only of one prosecution witness. If she were that incompetent, they went on to suggest, perhaps Judge Moore should compel her to accept counsel.
If she were that incompetent, suggested others, how can she possibly be believed.
Also, according to the majority of media opinion, the outcome of the trial had become a foregone conclusion: the evidence was unequivocal. Surely, this young lady was guilty as charged. Only The Guardian reserved judgment until the case had been fully tried, which would obviously include Miss Martens defense as well, which was, the paper reminded its readers, yet to come.



::26:: (Los Angeles Federal Court)

The following morning saw a second coup from the prosecution. Otto Jonesby what arm-twisting, or calling in by what favors, is hard to imaginecalled to the stand Roscoe Flynn, the seventy-two year old yet still strikingly handsomeand he knew it, tooTreasury Secretary of the United States of America.
Sir, Jones began. You are familiar with the testimony of Mister Anderson?
Yes, I am, said Flynn, partly to Jones and partly to one of the cameras.
Have you had the time to study and digest the figures?
I have been thoroughly briefed.
How do you view these reports? What do they tell you?
How do I view them? There is only one way to view them. This economy is headed for disaster.
Is that not too strong a word?
Is disaster too strong a word, is that the question? Asked, one would assume, for effect, the good Secretary playing to a world-wide audience.
Yes.
Strong or not, thats the correct word. Thats the word you use when the legs are cut off from under you and you no longer have a way of moving forward. Disaster.
And the cause?
Sitting right there, said Flynn, first glancing at, then pointing to, Ruth Marten.
Are you sure?
Of course I am sure.
And what, if anything, can be done about this? Can this disaster be averted?
It can. And the remedy is simple.
What is it?
People need to wake up. Pure and simple. They are being sung to by this little siren, and theyre all taken in my her inglorious promises. People need to smell the coffee and wake the hell up.
Mister Flynn, said Judge Moore. Not in my court room.
Sorry, your honor, said Flynn.
Why is it, said Jones. Please explain to the jury, if you would, why is it that this radical drop in consumption has such an impact on our economy.
Well, thats just plain common sense, said Flynn. The health of any economy is measured by how much it produces. Production. Manufacturing. Goods and services. Now, if no one is buying what you make or the services you offer, youll soon go broke. Simple as that. Dont you see?
Yes, I see, said Jones.
When you stop consuming, you stop buying. And when you stop buying, well stop producing. And if we stop producing, well, we will soon all starve to death.
How soon? asked Jones
A handful of years, said the Treasury Secretary.
A handful of years, said Jones, holding up his right hand, fingers splayed. As in five?
As good a number as any.
And theres an actual risk of that happening? said Jones.
Theres a real risk of that happening, said Treasury Secretary Flynn directly into the camera.
No further questions, said Jones.
Judge Moore looked over at Ruth, who softly shook her head.
Moore looked back at Jones. Call your next witness, she said.
:
Katherine OConnor was once voted the most beautiful woman on Earth over forty. Some compliment, had been her reaction to what she had considered a dubious honor. Nonetheless, there was no doubt that she was still, today at sixty-two, an amazingly beautiful woman, who obviously never ceased working out and never deviated from her vegan regimen, or never for long, at any rate.
She had never held political aspirations, but in 2024, out of sheer frustration with the incompetence in Washington she decided to run for one of the California Senate seats then up for election. To everybodys, including her own, surprise, she won and have served her state and country ever since in such a commonsensical way that she had by now earned the respect not only from her own republican party by also from the democratic opposition across the aisle. She was re-elected in 2028.
Jones (who seemed to know everybody, literally) knew her personally, and so did not have to call in any particular favors to have her testify. And he found OConnor on the same page as the Treasury Secretary: it was nowhere near rocket science: if no one buys your products or services, youll soon be out of business and on the street, cap in hand.
Judge Moore internally winced when she saw OConnor rise and stride forward to the witness stand. Jones was putting on an overwhelmingly impressive show, and she was afraid that with witnesses like this, and all telling a similar story, and all of it televised live with some of the best ratings ever, what chances, really, did Ruth Marten have? Her sense was that this trial somehow was not fair, but she could not for the life of her pinpoint any one factor that did not accord with the law. Justice was being served, but somehow it was being served unfairly.
OConnor put her hand on the proffered Bible and swore to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but. The clerk, Bible in hand, returned to her seat.
Jones smiled as he rose and approached the stand.
Miss OConnor, how often are you briefed on the financial health of your state?
As of late, almost hourly, she answered. Then added, By the Governor.
And what is your understanding of the situation?
My understanding, as you put it, is that California sales tax revenue has dropped well over thirty percent over the last two months, a trend that shows no signs of slowing, much less stopping.
Thirty percent? said Jones, stress on thirty.
Thirty percent, confirmed OConnor.
Will California run out of money? asked Jones.
Its not a question of will, said OConnor. California has run out of money.
What? said Jones, genuinely surprised.
As of this morning, actually, said OConnor.
Are you telling this court, interrupted Judge Moore, that the State is bankrupt?
No, your honor. The state has other sources of money, if not revenue. Short term loans have already been negotiated, and new lines of credit are in place anticipating an end to this revenue shortfall at end of trial.
Isnt that a little presumptuous? said Moore.
Your honor, objected Jones.
Fair enough, said Moore.
No, answered OConnor. I doubt there is a person alive, much less a Californian, that, by end of trial, will not clearly see what is going on and what needs to be done.
And what? Jones broke in opportunisticallythe Judge herself had opened this door, and could not now well shut it. What is clearly going on and what needs to be done?
The State, and the country, is having crisis of the spirit, said OConnor. An epidemic of the soul. Then she paused and looked squarely at Ruth Martin: hard, beautiful gray eyes meeting curious brown and black. This little siren, she said. Im not sure precisely how shes doing it, but she has managed to delude a population into believing that heaven is at hand, that paradise is here for the taking. All we have to do is let go. All we have to do is stop spending. All we have to do is stop living. People, especially young people, swallow this stuff hook and line and sinker. Dont even chew.
Youre talking about the defendant? clarified Jones unnecessarily, but for the record.
Who else? said OConnor.
Answer the question, said Judge Moore, a little annoyed by now.
Yes, your honor. I am talking about the defendant.
And what knowledge do you have to link her with the alarming drop in State revenue? said Jones.
As I mentioned, said OConnor. Im being briefed almost hourly these days, and the parallel is all to plain: our drop in sales tax revenue is a near mirror image of the number of online viewings of Miss Martens lectures: as it rises the revue drops. A reflection on a mirrored surface.
There could be no other reason for this? said Jones, knowingas any good attorney wouldthe answer to the question, or he would not have asked it.
No. This is unprecedented. Never before in the history of our state. And all indications point in her direction.
The defendants direction? said Jones.
Yes, in Miss Martens direction.
So, what should be done? asked Jones
In my opinion?
Yes.
As a Senator of the State of California I see it as my official duty to ensure that these false promises cease and that Miss Marten pay for her crimes.
Judge Moore was too stunned by this answer to intervene immediately, but then spoke into the silence of the court: The defendant has not been found guilty of anything, Miss OConnor. Id appreciate it if you return the Jury Hat to the Jury and leave it be.
Yes, your honor, said OConnor.
And you, Jones, please rein in your witness, said Moore.
Yes, your honor, said Jones. Smiling though. The effect had already been created. No stuffing this genie back into any bottle.
Another silence. Moore asked Jones, Do you have any further questions for your witness?
Jones seemed to deliberate for a moment, then made up his mind: No, your honor.
And you, Miss Marten? said the Judge.
No questions, your honor, said Ruth Marten.
:
The first headlines hit the online editions at about the same time that Judge Moores gavel hit wood for the day: Open and Shut was the gist of most of them. As for television, Get this woman a lawyer, was the most repeated suggestion by the many pundits now busy analyzing the court events of the day.
Among the major outlets, only The Guardian still opted to reserve judgment until the trial was actually over, taking a few none-too-subtle swipes at its competitors. Even so, The Guardian did suggest that Miss Marten had made the mistake of her life when she chose to represent herself. Jones, the reporters and editors maintained, was walking all over her, and her rights to a fair trial.
Why was Judge Moore allowing this? asked the pundits. Well, came the learned replies, there was nothing she could do when the defense never objected. And the defense never did. In effect, there was no defense.
One reporter at the Cleveland Plain Dealer drew an apt comparison between this trial and the fifty-six years ago heavyweight rumble in the jungle between Mohammed Ali and George Foreman. Ruth Marten was on the ropes simply taking a near-fatal beating, and doing nothing, nothing to defend herself. At least Ali had held up his arms to ward off Foremans blows. In trial, Miss Marten was doing nothing, nothing to defend herself.
The outcome, opinioned the Plain Dealer, was clear: Open and Shut.
The only real question asked by the media this evening was the sentence. The law held that if found guilty, and if the effects of her acts were found severe enough, she could in fact face execution for treason. It was a long shot, obviouslyat least according to most.
Not such a long shot at all, according to the more incendiary talk-show hosts. Not at all. Look at the country, it teetered on the verge of collapse.
Not entirely true, but it made for excellent entertainment.



::27:: (Pasadena)

In the car back from trial Ananda tried to recall if he had ever, before, feared for the Buddhas life. Yes, there had been this once. Devadattas near-successful attempt on the Buddhas life all those many years ago. Yes, he had feared for his teachers life then.
Now he feared for her life again.
Once gathered in the living room (Melissa refusing to turn on the television, and no one objecting), Ananda, Abbot White, and George Roth all seemed to look for things to say. Melissa said something about tea and soon busied herself in the kitchen. Ruth leaned back and closed her eyes. If she was anxious about things, she didnt show it, and as far as Ananda could tell, there wasnt even a trace of concern on her features. Things, apparently, were going according to plan.
Ananda spoke first, Ruth, he said.
Ruth opened her eyes, and looked at her long-time friend. Yes.
Are you aware, truly aware, of the risk youre taking?
My thought precisely, said Abbot White.
And you? said Ruth, looking over at George Roth.
What about me? said Roth.
Am I being foolhardy in your eyes, too?
In the extreme, said Roth.
Okay, said Ruth. We have been over this ground, and more than once.
But you have yet to ask a single question. Well, there was the one, or the two, said Ananda, with thinly veiled (or not veiled at all) despair.
Everything his witnesses say is true, said Ruth. Theres nothing there to challenge.
Do you realize, said Roth, and not for the first time since it had become clear to him that she would more than likely be found guilty, that the death penalty might be sought, and sentenced, if youre found guilty?
Shades of Bruno, said Ruth.
Its not a joke, said Melissa from the door.
Not meant as one, said Ruth.
Inciting to civil unrest, especially on this scale, began Roth, in a new attempt to reason with Ruth.
I know, George. I know. Believe me I know.
What then, said the abbot, is your strategy?
If any, added Melissa, and not so kindly.
I will tell my side of the story.
Thats what you keep saying, said Melissa, unimpressed.
You know my side of the story, you all do, said Ruth, for the first time with a trace of the defensive.
The prosecution is making a very strong case against you. Very, said Roth. Jones keep piling it on.
Nicely put, said Melissa.
Well, he is, said Roth.
I know, said Ruth.
Even the Judge seems at a loss as to why youre not asking any questions of the prosecution witnesses, said the Abbot.
Offering you every opportunity to, Melissa pointed out.
I know, said Ruth.
So why not? said the Abbot. I must confess that I dont quite understand.
I told you, said Ruth. Everything they say is true. Their stories hold water. Theres nothing to pry apart or that I can make them say that will benefit me. The only thing that will do any good at all is my side of the story.
And the jury will listen to that and understand? said Melissa.
Oh, theyll listen. They have to, said Ruth. And Ill make sure they understand.
How? said Ananda, alarmed.
Dont worry, old friend, said the Tathagata, I will not do anything that you would considered untoward.
Even Melissa smiled at this.



::28:: (Los Angeles Federal Court)

The following morning, Jones took a different tack. His new angle was clearly designed to strike as strong a chord as possible with the jury.
Bill Black, a plumber clearly enjoying the spotlight, performed the legal rudiments without a hitch, and through a smile he had trouble controlling. Then he sat down.
Mister Black, said Jones. Do you know why you are here?
To answer your questions, sir.
That is correct, and would be correct of any witness. But why you, in particular?
Because Im just an average Joe, or Bill, actually said Black. This brought a soft, snicker of a wind from the room. Thats what you told me, sir. Im the man in the street.
Precisely, said Jones. Then Jones turned to the judge. Permission to address the jury, your honor.
Sidebar, said Judge Moore.
Since Ruth made no move to rise, Moore said it again, directly at Ruth, Sidebar. Youre required.
Oh. Sorry, your honor, said Ruth, and approached.
This is rather unorthodox, Mister Jones, said Judge Moore. Why do you want to address the jury?
I want to give them the background of the next two witnesses. How they were selected. Why weve brought them.
Miss Marten? asked the judge.
Fine with me, said Ruth.
All right then. But any hint of a closing argument, and you wont take another step, Mister Jones. Is that clear?
As can be, your honor, said Jones.
Ruth returned to her seat and Jones turned to the jury. Mister Black, here, was chosen, by lot, from a pool of one thousand absolutely average persons from around the country. This was done to allow us, the prosecution, to tell you, the jury, the story from street level so to speak.
Satisfied that all the members of the jury understood, he smiled in their direction and turned to the witness.
Mister Black, where are you from?
Columbus, Ohio. Sir.
And what do you do in Columbus, Ohio?
I am a plumber.
By trade or necessity? said Jones
What?
Professionally or as needed? clarified Jones, realizing this his attempted joke was misfiring badly.
Thats my job, if thats what youre asking, said Brown. Still smiling, but no longer quite sure why. Another one who was smiling was juror number one, who was also a plumber by trade. Jones knew, of course, and noticed, and smiled back. Then asked of Black:
And hows business?
Could be better.
Have you noticed any changed over the last several months?
In business?
Yes.
Well, funny you should ask. I was just talking with my partner about this the other day. Many of the calls we get these days are from people who have tried to fix things themselves, and dug themselves a hole a little too deep for them, if you know what I mean?
And this is different from what?
Well, usually people call us when there is a plumbing problem. They dont try to fix it themselves first, they just call.
I see. And how about the volume? Of calls, I mean.
Well, theyre fewer. A lot less. About half Id say. Although, we sort of like the calls where theyve really made a mess of it by now. Takes longer to fix, and costs them more.
So youre making out better or worse?
Oh, worse. I was just telling my partner the other day that there was no way of telling how many people actually fixed it by themselves now, and so never called.
I see. So income is down.
Definitely.
And why do you think people are trying to fix things themselves these days rather than call you, a professional?
Well, I was just talking with my partner about this the other day. His guess is that with all the hoopla about more mindfulness and taking more responsibility for your life and surroundings, which is what Ruth Marten here is preaching, a lot of people seem to be taking her advice and taking on these problems themselves.
Instead of calling you?
Precisely.
Have you noticed anything else in Columbus, Ohio, that you feel is the result of Ruth Martens suggestions?
Judge Moore looked very pointedly at Ruth, imploring her to object. Ruth chose not to. Just smiled and shook her head.
Shortages, said Bill Black.
What kind of shortages?
Medicine.
Medicine?
My wifes got asthma, needs her medication.
And she cant get it anymore?
Not at our regular pharmacy.
And why is that?
Because its gone out of business?
So where do you go now? To get your wifes medicine?
To one of those grocery store chains, you know. Theyre not liable to go out of business. Not quite yet.
Well you never know, offered Jones.
Not the way things are going, I agree, said Black.
Are you worried, Mister Black? About the future.
Funny you should ask, he said, and then looked straight at the camera nearest him. I was just talking to my wife the other night. Calming her down, actually. She was worried we wouldnt be able to get her medication at all, and then where would she be? I tried to tell her that her medication would always be available but she came back at me with some story about her friend Liesel who just the day before had been unable to find the bread she normally buys, and had to settle for some other brand. Things, my wife was almost crying now, heck she was crying now, are vanishing from the shelves, Bill, she said. Things are vanishing. And I saw what she meant and, yes, I was worried then as well. Im worried now.
Jones looked over at the jury and was pleased with what he saw: all taken in by Bill Blacks lament.
No further questions, your honor, said Jones.
Judge Moore knew by now that any invitation sent Ruths way to cross-examine the witness would be fruitless, still she had to. She looked over at the defendant, raised eyebrows, cocked head.
Ruth shook hers in response, and Judge Moore drew one of many deep sighs at the young girls naivet.
:
Rhonda Love was thirty-six years old, had died her hair an ashy blond, and sold car insurance for a living. She lived in Seattle, Washington. She was recently divorced and made a point to tell Jones to address her as Miss.
Miss Love, said Jones. You were the second person, out of a thousand, who drew the lucky number.
Thats what they tell me, she answered with a voice that bespoke of a long-term smoking habit.
And they tell you the truth, said Jones. Then, Youre from Seattle, are you not?
Miss Love, clearly self-conscious about being on camera and on such an important trial, made an effort to not look the cameras way as she answered. She was successful, but the effort was evident. Yes, sir. Born and raised.
And you sell car insurance?
Yes to that, too.
Hows business?
Not good.
How not good?
Very not good. This month, so far, were running at half the pace of last year, same time.
As in fifty percent?
Yes. Half.
And how is this affecting you, Miss Love?
I work on commission. Well, I have a base salary, but that salary pays no bills, barely covers rent. I live on my commissions. At this rate, Ill hardly have any at all by the end of the month.
Do you have any idea why this might be happening?
I do have an idea. People are unregistering their cars.
Define people, said Jones.
Eighteen instances so far this month. Thats unheard of.
What happens, precisely?
People get it into their heads that they dont need their cars anymore and they call the Department of Motor Vehicles and unregister them. Then they call us to cancel their insurance, for theyre not going to drive their vehicles anymore.
So how do they get around? wondered Jones.
They walk, or bicycle. Thats what those Ive spoken to told me.
Do you get dinged for canceled policies.
No, sir. I dont. Its not my fault if they dont keep their insurance, thats the companys fault.
I see. But this is a worrying trend, for you?
Of course its a worrying trend. If this keeps up Ill not only dont make any commissions at the end of the month, Ill soon be out of a job.
Do you think its that bad?
Do I think? I know its that bad. Two sales people have already been laid off at our company.
Why?
Due to the slowdown in sales.
I see. And you fear you might be next?
Not next, theyre letting us go in order of seniority, you know in reverse order of employment.
I understand.
Theres one other woman thats been there a little less than me. But after her, its me. Im gone.
Not such good news, is what youre saying.
Terrible news, is what Im saying.
And, Miss Love. Do you have any ideas as to why this is happening? Why you stand to lose your job if this keeps up?
Sure do, sir. Its this Ruth Marten thing.
Care to elaborate?
People are listening to her and taking her advice.
Such as?
Such as, and this is what one lady told me, you dont need a car to drive two blocks to the grocery store. Why dont you walk instead and listen to the birds. And why on earth do you need two, three, four cars? Those are the kinds of questions Ruth Marten is asking all over the Internet, and people listen. Thats the problem. They listen to her and they agree, and they unregister their only, or second, or third cars, and then cancel their insurance.
Do you know if its the same at other car insurance companies?
I do. I have a friend who works at one of our competitors. Theyve recently let four people go.
Four?
Yes, and more are in jeopardy.
Not a cheerful future, is it?
No, its terrible, sir. Terrible, now so caught up in the terribleness of it all that she forgot she was on camera. All emotion and indignation. Jones could not have been happier.
No further questions, your honor.
Ruth had no questions.
:
Jones strategy was nothing if not well planned. The testimony of his recent witnesses had raised this question in many a mind: Why did people listen to Ruth Marten? Why did they take her to heart and act on her suggestions? Were we that impressionable, were we that easily conned? He had, astutely indeed, anticipated this question and had lined up a witness to answer it.
August Brent was made the chair of UCLAs Psychology Department in 2012. In 2021 he received the Nobel Prize in medicine for his research in and applications of cognitive science in helping the mentally disturbed or, as he preferred to call it, mentally unfortunate.
In some circles he was as well known for refusing to wear anything but jeans and a t-shirtincluding at the Nobel Prize presentationas for his research and practice.
He was also unique in his field in that nobody disliked him. Even his professional rivals agreed that he deserved the Prize, and many of them vied for any open slot in his department, putting aside any differences in opinion for the opportunity to work with, and learn from, the August Brent, as he was often know. Or just August.
Sporting a very white t-shirt, and washed out jeans, long gray hair in a ponytail, August Brent sauntered up to the witness stand with what can only be described as grace. He stood a thin five foot eleven (testimony to his vegan ways), and as he promised to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but, his voice seemed to fill the room like some magic liquid.
If the media was surprised that he would testify at this trial, no mention was made of it; in retrospect, many outlets held, he was indeed the perfect witness.
Mister Brent, said Jones. Over the last few days of testimony, there is one question I am sure has surfaced in most minds, and I can think of no one more qualified to answer it than you.
Jones paused to let the as yet unasked question fill the room. Then said:
And that question is: Why do people believe Miss Marten?
August Brent took in Jones with a long, even gaze. Then he surveyed the room, seemingly oblivious of the two cameras. He looked back at Jones.
That, he said. Is a very good question.
Jones nodded his unreserved agreement.
Miss Marten, and make no mistake about that, is a brilliant young woman. Her geniusshes earned a Doctorate in Particle Physics from Cal Tech, and a combined Doctorate in Philosophy and Theology from USC, dont forget thatis underscored by her captivating beauty. Her very blue eyes, in such dramatic contrast to her jet-black hair, make her almost unworldly.
Mister Brent, said Judge Moore as a precursor to a question regarding the relevance of this descriptive diversion. But, then struck by precisely such relevance, said no more.
August Brent looked up at her and said, It is relevant, your honor.
Judge Moore nodded, and August Brent continued:
Add to this an amazing vocabulary, and a beautiful voice. And add to this her uncanny ability to read her audience and to tell it what it seemingly needs to hear. Add this all up and youll find that this woman is very little short of a miracle.
Jones looked over at the jury as if to urge it on to get all of this, really.
Given all this, continued Brent, it is no wonder that people will listen, and believe, when she outlines and promises them heaven here on earth.
Is that really what she promises? said Jones.
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation, said Brent. Thoreau said that almost two hundred years ago. Still, it holds true today. Most people, and here Brent finally acknowledged, and looked into, the camera, on a very real level, suffer through their lives. Not many of us realize this, were so busy covering up our dissatisfaction with truckloads of things that we hardly notice it, but deep downthough not so deep as to be indiscerniblewe know, we feel unfulfilled, incomplete. We seek to complete ourselves in a thousand, in a million ways. Many through relationships, others through the arts, though most through possessing more and more and more. Still, this, well I call it incompleteness, refuses to complete. We know that we come up short.
Those who take this certainty to heart turn to philosophy or religion, but most take little notice, rip open another beer, or smoke another joint, or take another pill to deaden the hurt. Or buy another car.
This is the internal, the mental state of affairs of our race, Mister Jones.
Jones nodded that he understoodthough, truth be told, he did not.
To then have this near miracle, this Ruth Marten, stand up and tell you that you can indeed reach a place where you will feel fulfilled, where you dont come up short.
People dont specifically know what this place is, or what Nirvana is all about, but they do recognizeor convince themselvesthat what shes talking about is relevant, to them, to their deep spiritual or mental problem.
Meaning? said Jones.
Meaning that she tells people precisely what they want to hear at precisely the right mental level. That, if anything, is her genius.
But this promise, began Jones.
This promise, interrupted Brent, is a promise of nothing. It is a dangerous promise. Sitting still long enough will not solve the issue. We are not a race of seclusion, we are a gregarious race. We are a race of inclusion. She is pointing them in a precarious direction.
It is a false promise, then suggested Jones.
Yes, it is a false promise.
Do you, in your expert view, believe that she knowingly mislead her audiences?
Here August Brent took a deep breath, and almost closed his eyes. He then straightened up and looked over at Ruth. She knows precisely what she is doing, he said. She is, in my expert view, knowingly misleading her listener.
Why? said Jones. She does not, as far as we can ascertain, benefit financially or otherwise from her lectures, or from her astronomical online viewership.
Another good question, said Brent. I can only surmise that she derives a healthy dose of self-gratification from her notoriety.
That is not an uncommon thirst, he added.
So you give no credence to her Buddhist teachings?
Oh, I do. As teachings go, they are true to the Pali Canon all right. She is very, very well read. But that only leads to the next question: does the Pali Canon hold water?
The Pali Canon? Jones asked for the jurys benefit.
It is the Bible of Theravada Buddhism, said Brent. It is, among the true believers, held as the word of the historical Buddha. Sacred teachings.
Jones nodded that he understood, and Brent continued:
But how much credence can you give some ten thousand pages of scripture when their first five hundred years consisted of memorized words passed down verbally from monk-generation to monk-generation. You have to assume that a comma slipped out of place here or a preposition was dropped there.
You remember the old game of whispering a phrase in the ear of person number one in a line of ten, who then whispers that phrase to his or her neighbor, et cetera. You never end up with the original phrase at person number ten. Never.
Extend this analogy to ten thousand whispered pages through a line one hundred monks long and what do you think youll end up with? The historical Buddhas words, verbatim? I think not.
You are saying the Pali Canon does not hold water?
Im saying it is leaking like a sinking ship. It could not possibly.
And her teachings?
Her teachingsand Ive listened to and dissected quite a few of her lecturesare based on the Pali Canon, mixed up with some of her scientific and philosophic insights and adapted for the youth of today.
So, thats your take? Shes addressing younger people.
Yes, they are as a rule more gullible.
Demographically, however, no one age bracket seems to dominate her viewership, Jones pointed out.
Yes, she is very, very good, admitted Brent.
So why, in a word, if you can, do people believe her?
Because, said Brent. She is believable. She not only isolates and addresses a spiritual need, she is also the perfect blend of youth, beauty, intelligence, mysticism, and charisma to capture the attention of todays audiences. And she rides this advantage all the way.
All the way to where? Jones thought, and then asked before he could check himself.
Well, that is the question, isnt it? said Brent. All the way to world collapse, perhaps.
Which, to Jones, was the perfect answer. And the excellent lawyer that he was, he knew when to stop.
No further questions, your honor.
Judge Moore, more by protocol than anything else, looked in Ruths direction. Ruth smiled and shook her head.
:
NBC Online was the first channel to openly declare the prosecution as winner, not in the least because the defense, by her inactivity, has proven itself utterly incompetent. The array of convincing witnesses were, one after the other, nailing the coffin shut (perhaps literally, on reporter added) for Ruth Marten. At the least, if found guiltywhich now was a foregone conclusionshe would face a long jail time, if not life in jail, and would be ordered to cease and desist forever; and at the worst, she could face the death penalty. Whether such a penalty would ever be carried out was another question. NBC Online thought not.



::29:: (Los Angeles Federal Court)

These days, it would be impossible to do an online search of Buddhism and not find seven or eight out of the top ten responses mention or reference Sunyata Bodhi.
Sunyata Bodhi was born Warren Holliston in 1987, the only child of a Nebraska farming couple. His parents were severely Christian, and the young Warrena precocious and inquisitive boysoon came to detest having to go to church at least once a week, often more frequently, to listen to those fairy tales over and over. He did, however, know better than to complain to his parents, one early encounter with the cane had taught him the value of silence.
It would be fair to say that he discovered Mahayana BuddhismZen in particularmore by accident than anything else. It was through a book left (forgotten) by the previous occupant of his College dorm room. It was the only thing left on the nightstand (which did not even hold a lamp): a white-covered book clearly contrasted against the black stand. It spoke to him, he was to relate later (and often).
This book, The Myth of the Historical Buddha, was more an invective against Theravada Buddhism than an exposition of Mahayana, holding firmly to the line that there was indeed no single source for Buddhism, that there had never been a person called Gautama Siddhartha, that Buddhism was a natural development from the Veda and Upanishads, and that its source was a string of excellent Brahman meditators, developing the four noble truths and the eightfold path somewhere around 500 BCE.
Those selfish, misguided souls, the book went on to say, who have fallen for the historical Buddha myth and today subscribe to the inferior Theravada branch (which the book constantly refers to as Hinayana, or the deficient vehicle) and its Pali Canon are to be pitied, and if possible stirred to coming to their senses.
Although he did not swallow the book and its theme hook, line, and sinker, he liked, and was totally absorbed by, the tone of the treatise. A tone that said that there are superior people and inferior people. He recognized himself as superior people. And as superior people of superior intelligence he found the books logic a little too pat, a little too hasty in its conclusions. Still, he had found his vehicle, that was his realization, and this vehicle, in short order lead to other books and then to Zen.
At the age of twenty-six Warren Holliston legally changed his name to Sunyata Bodhi, at which time he also, although not then or ever ordained as one, began to wear the saffron robe of the Buddhist Monk.
Sunyata means emptiness and Bodhi means awakened. A little pretentious perhaps of a Nebraska farm boy who had not really mastered the art of Zen meditation yet, but never mind.
His breakthrough as a Buddhist scholar (rather than practitioner) came with his Doctoral Thesis on The Dangers of Theravada Buddhism, a much quoted work in Mahayana circles. He later re-wrote (dumbed down) his Thesis for mass consumption and published it as The Buddha Myth. This book went on to sell millions since it served the purpose of not only Mahayana Buddhism in staking its claim to legitimacy, but also the purposes of any other religion that needed ammunition against the heathen teachings of this Indian.
As Ruth Marten was openly teaching Theravada Buddhism and meditation, Sunyata Bodhi was possibly the perfect last witness for the prosecution.
:
He walks up to the witness stand in the saffron robe this witness. I have heard of him, of course, who hasnt?
Sunyata Bodhi, he calls himself.
To my knowledge he is not ordained, so why the audacity to wear the robes of the monk. That is, then, the kind of man he is. I had assumed as much.
He walks, strides, slowly, clearly making a show of it, for the cameras, for the judge, for himself. He believes himself, that is the tragedy of this man.
He swears to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, hand on the Christian Bible, which he disdains, then sits down and arranges his robe just so. I pity this man.
Otto Jones approaches his witness with a smile, a smile that to me confirms an understanding between them. Then says:
Mister Bodhi. You are a Buddhist, are you not?
I am, says Sunyata Bodhi.
I know I should not, but he so rubs me the wrong way, this Mister Bodhi that I cannot help but whisper within him, and loudly enough for him to hear: I can see you.
:
Sunyata Bodhis eyes flew wide open, as if his worst, private fear had just appeared in the flesh. Otto Jones noticed and wondered whether it was something he had said, then realized that it could not have been, he had only asked him about his religion. Ignoring the stare, he pressed on:
All Buddhists are not the same, are they? he asked of this, his final witness.
Who was still staring into empty space, seemingly unable to hear, or speak.
Mister Bodhi, said Jones. Are you okay?
Still no response.
Mister Bodhi, said the Judge, a little concerned. Is everything all right?
This finally seemed to reach the man, who looked up at Judge Moore and then at Otto Jones, re-orienting himself. Yes, he said. Im fine. Fine.
Let me ask that again, said Jones. All Buddhist are not the same, are they?
No, said Sunyata Bodhi. There are Buddhists and there are Buddhists.
Could you elaborate, please.
There are two main vehicles, the greater and the lesser.
How many people subscribe to either?
Thats a moving target, of course, for it changes daily, but about 350 million people follow Mahayana Buddhism, the greater vehicle. About 200 million subscribe to Theravada Buddhism, mainly in Sri Lanka, Burma, and Thailand. You find Mahayana Buddhism mainly in India, China, and Japan, where it is mostly known as Zen.
What are the differences? I mean, why do you refer to Theravada as the lesser vehicle?
Another name for Theravada is Hinayana, which literally means the lesser or the deficient vehicle.
Yes, but why?
Do you have an hour or two?
Yes we do. We have all day.
Well then, said Sunyata Bodhi, apparently regaining some of his composurein fact, he had just managed to convince himself that he had heard nothing whisper in his head, that no one was seeing him, for how could that have been? Theravada Buddhism, which I, as I said, see as the deficient vehicle, is sometimes also called the way of the elders. It is an orthodox, inflexible form of Buddhism that looks down upon the plight of the many.
The path of Theravada requires many years, some say many lifetimes, of personal struggle based on a fundamentalist interpretation of the teachings of the Buddha, which, so they claim, is reflected in their Pali Canon.
To follow Theravada Buddhism, so they say, you are required to leave home and enter monastic life. You must live your life as it was lived by the Buddha during his lifetime. Nothing, they say, can change. And so, they keep out any person unwilling to follow their draconian rules.
Draconian? said Jones. Really?
Thats the only word for it, said Sunyata Bodhi. There are two hundred twenty-seven rules for the monks and three hundred eleven rules for nuns. All of which have to be strictly followed, or you risk excommunication.
Why are there different rules for men and women?
There are many rules for nuns to avoid any behavior that may be viewed as sexually suggestive. There are no such rules for monks.
I see.
But whether monk or nun, the rules are draconian. It is the correct word.
I see, repeated Jones.
Some of the rules are so strict, continued Sunyata Bodhi, that there are huge debates about whether Theravada monks in colder climates should be allowed to wear warmer clothes than those prescribed by the Buddha, and whether it is permissible to take cough syrup (because it may have a mildly intoxicating effect).
I see, said Jones, who seemed to have forgotten the rest of the English language.
Mahayana Buddhism, on the other hand, said his witness, which is also known as the great vehicle, is the Buddhism of openness and accessibility to all. Nirvana, for the Mahayana Buddhist, is within reach of all, whether monk, nun, or lay. As long as you are devoted and depend upon and have faith in the work and merit of theBodhisattvas.
Mahayana Buddhism is called the great vehicle because it gladly invites and will make room for any pilgrim who seeks enlightenment.
The Theravada rules may have some merit, but we Mahayana Buddhists believe that they should not be used to keep people out.
Are they used in such a way? To keep people out, I mean.
Yes.
Seems a bit snobbish, suggested Jones.
One way of putting it.
Still, said Jones. You said that there are two hundred million Theravada Buddhists. That is a lot of people.
There are twice as many Mahayana Buddhists, said Sunyata Bodhi, a little defensively.
So you think Theravada Buddhists are misguided?
Excuse me, interrupted Judge Moore. I dont see where this is leading, or that it has anything to do with the issues at hand.
I want to demonstrate the witness credentials as a Buddhist scholar, your honor. And I also want to lay the groundwork for the specific questions about the defendants practices.
Judge Moore frowned. All right, but do get to the point.
So, said Jones, turning to his witness again. Do you consider that Theravada Buddhists are misguided?
No so much misguided as shortsighted, said Sunyata Bodhi. Followers of Theravada Buddhism are more conservative, while followers of Mahayana Buddhism are more liberal.
Also, Theravada Buddhism is more of a professional guild, and according to them, the main religious duty and involvement of lay people is to support the monks.
Mahayana Buddhists give lay people a lot more credit and respect, and the laity has a much more important role in Mahayana Buddhism, where they share responsibility with the monks and nuns.
What do you mean?
For example, the laity, as well as monks and nuns, take part in the many beautiful rituals of Mahayana Buddhism. Nothing like that would take place in a Theravada monastery, where lay people are barely allowed.
Theravada Buddhism is limited to the starkness of what the Buddha taught, while Mahayana Buddhism is all about how the Buddha lived, how he related to people, how he communicated those teachings.
Theravada is for the fenced in, narrow-focused practitioner, whereas Mahayana is for the people.
That said, said Jones. The defendant has on several occasions claimed to be a Theravada Buddhist.
Ive seen those lectures, said Sunyata Bodhi. And Ive read a few interviews and transcripts as well, where she does maintain that she subscribes to the Theravada tradition.
Do you agree? said Jones. Does she subscribe to the Theravada tradition?
No. I cannot say that I do. I dont think she does. While she claims to follow Theravada, she acts, by addressing and including nothing but lay people, much more like a Mahayana Buddhist. And based on that, I must conclude that she has no real idea about the differences between the two branches.
Is she in fact a Buddhist at all? suggested Jones.
That is a very good question, said Sunyata Bodhi. While she obviously has studied the Pali Canonshe quotes from it at will, and all day longshe has little or no understanding of what Buddhism actually is, whether Theravada or Mahayana.
In fact, he added. I would go so far as to say that shes faking it.
At that point Sunyata Bodhi froze, and his eyes flew open again. His apparition seemed to have reappeared.
Not noticing, Jones said, So you are saying that perhaps she is not a Buddhist at all?
To no answer.
Mister Bodhi? said Jones after a brief, casual, then concerned glance at his witness.
To no answer.
Sir, said Judge Moore. Are you all right?
To no answer.
Sir, said Judge Moore, louder this time.
This Sunyata Bodhi finally registered. He looked up at the judge, then at Otto Jones, as if trying to place them, exactly.
Are you okay, Mister Bodhi? said Jones.
Sunyata Bodhi did not answer. Instead he slowly turned toward Ruth Marten and with a stare that held fear and bewilderment in equal measure, seemed to freeze in that position.
Mister Bodhi, Jones repeated, loudly this time.
Finally, without taking his eyes off of Ruth Marten, Sunyata Bodhi answered. Yes, he said. Yes, Im fine.
But it was with an unconvincing, vacant voice.
Are you sure?
Yes, he said. Still without true presence.
So, said Jones. Is it your expert opinion that Miss Marten, the defendant, may not even be a Buddhist, which she claims to be?
Sunyata Bodhi tore himself away from Ruth Marten and looked at Jones as if seeing him for the first time. Im sorry?
Perhaps Miss Marten is not a Buddhist, is that what youre saying?
I guess, yes, that is what Im saying.
Guess?
No, not guess. That is what I am saying.
Why on earth would she do that? Any ideas?
Sunyata Bodhi shook his head. No, no idea. Not really.
All right, said Jones with a sigh that held a touch of disappointment. No further questions, your honor.
Miss Marten? said Judge Moore, without any hope.
Yes, your honor. I do have a question.
You do?
Yes.
By all means, said the judge. Take it away.
Ruth rose, but did not leave her desk. Sunyata Bodhi, she said, both verbally and, even more clearly, inside his head. Who, in this life, do you love the most?
Again, Sunyata Bodhis eyes widened and showed fear.
Jones flew up onto his feet: Objection. Relevance.
Mister Jones, said Judge Moore, loudly. Throughout the trial so far, the defense has asked two questions. This is the third. And you have the temerity to object. Sit down, Mister Jones. Overruled.
If Sunyata Bodhi was aware of this exchange, he did not show it. All he seemed capable of was staring at Ruth Marten.
Well, said the judge, after waiting a while. What is your answer, Mister Bodhi?
But Mister Bodhi, knowing well that he loved no one but himself, and only for uncomplimentary and self-aggrandizing reasons, was incapable of answering. Was, in fact, by now, incapable of speech. And so, after prodding him two more times for a reply, the judge looked over at Ruth who said, Thats fine. The poor man does not have to answer.
Judge Moore then excused the witnesswho had to be helped out of the stand and back to his seatand asked of Jones if that was it.
Yes, your honor. Thats it. The prosecution rests.
On a less than impressive note.
:
Which some of the media were quick to point out, while others limited their opinions and guesses to what sentence Judge Moore would pass on Ruth Martenthe guilty verdict now a foregone conclusion.



::30:: (Los Angeles Federal Court)

If anybody had expected Ruth Marten to call any witnesses in her defense, they were disappointed. After the prosecutions case, however, not many did.
Ruth Marten only made one request of the court: that she might take the stand herself and tell her side of the story.
Unheard of, objected Otto Jones.
Not really, said Judge Moore. Overruled.
Can I cross-examine once shes done? wondered Jones, as much to himself as to the judge.
I dont see why not, said Moore. Ruth Marten nodded her agreement, sure.
Well, then. Please take the stand, said Judge Moore, and Ruth Marten, dressed in a simple, white dress, made her way to the witness stand.
Please hold up your right hand, said the clerk. Ruth did.
Do you promise to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? said the clerk.
I promise, said Ruth.
Since Ruth remained standing, Judge Moore said, Do sit down, please.
Ruth did.
Please, said the judge. Lets hear your side of this story.
Ruth took a long look at the room. At Otto Jones and Lara Matthews, who had a quiet exchange, at the jurors, all twelve seeing nothing but her, at the attendants, then, finally, at the cameras, first one, then the other. She then looked over at Melissa and Ananda, drew a deep breath and said:
The world economy has only one purpose: the comfort of the body.
Objection, your honor. Relevance. Jones was on his feet.
How on earth can you tell? said the judge.
To which Jones had no answer.
Mister Jones, said Judge Moore, and not amused. You are going to listen to what Miss Marten has to say, and you will not interrupt her again. Ever. Or I will hold you in contempt.
But, said Jones.
Tut-tut, said Judge Moore and waved her index finger.
Jones, resigned, sat down.
Please continue, said the judge. Ruth did:
We have no other reason for anything we do in our secular world. There is only the comfort of the body. The body is all.
Too hot, and we feel bad. Too cold, and we feel bad. Hungry, and we feel bad, uncomfortable. Thirsty, and we feel bad.
Warmed by the fire when its cold outside, and we feel good. An air-conditioned room during a heat wave and we feel good. A nice meal, and we feel good. A cold juice, and we feel good. We will forever seek to feel good.
Every advertisement, every television commercial, once you scrape or peel away the noisy or colorful exterior is nothing but an invitation to feel good. Whether its a new car, or a great house, or some new fast food, or liquor, or wine, or beer, or lipstick, or clothes, it is all about feeling good.
Every product conceived, designed, and produced is conceived, designed, and produced to make usor someonefeel good. Wars are fought with the aim for someone to feel good, be that a dictator, a congress, a population, a priesthood, a soldier, a Viking.
Perhaps this sounds too simplistic to some, but all great truths are basically simple, and this truth is both very basic and very simple: the world today, its entire economic structure, is about feeling good about ourselves, whether physicallywhich is the most common part of this, emotionally, or spiritually.
Otto Jones had the urge to object. It simply was not part of his makeup to let an opposition witness have the run of the floor unchallenged, but, truth be told, he was too interested in what Ruth Marten had to say to attempt to stop her. Instead he leaned back into his chair, cast a brief glance at Lara Matthews (who was also paying Ruth Marten rapt attention), then continued to listen.
There is, within us all, a deep disquiet, she said. An emptiness, an unease. A feeling that sometimes only surfaces just before we fall asleep, a deep certainty that there is something missing, that there must be something else to life, something other than what the world offers. We know this. Innately, we know this. But whenever this certainty surfaces we are quick to disguise it, or ignore it, or bury it in business of some sort or another, usually under something newly bought or consumed.
There is an inner emptiness, and we try to fill it with external goods. We see the commercials on television, andsince it so clearly promises joy and happinesswe rush out to buy, to fill the emptiness within.
And, for a fleeting moment we may even convince ourselves that we are, at least for this one breath and the next, fulfilled. We are happy. We have masked the inner lack with something outer, and for a momentnever much longerwe dont feel the disquiet. But then, a second, minute, hour, day later, the disquiet is back, urging us to acquire something else that we may again cover up the hurt.
For it is a pain of sorts, this disquiet, this need to obtain, this need to add to, to grow, to become.
It hurts, this disquiet.
And the consumption machinery that fuels the economies of the world knows this, and knows this very well. The world is in the pain killer business. Not only literallyalthough the pharmaceutical industry is of course one of the cornerstones of our economybut any way youd care to take it.
We manufacture things, we provide services, all to still the ache, to quiet the disquiet, and we, as hurting human beings, oblige. We work two, three jobs to afford the latest gadgets, the new car, the second, or third car, the bigger house, the longer cruiseall to still the disquiet.
We never succeed this way.
Does the consumption machinery know or care? Neither. It simply churns out new products and services to cover up and muffle our simmering internal anguishat whatever cost to the health of our planet.
And we oblige, for where else can we go? Who else to turn to?
Yet, the key to all spiritual progress, to truly quieting this internal disquiet is Letting Go.
Less, not more, is the road out, the path home.
Here Ruth paused and surveyed the room. All eyes were on her, and all ears well attuned. She looked at the members of the jury, who all looked back, none averting her glance. Yes, they understood, and they were waiting for more. Even Otto Jones met her glance, and by eyes and body language also signaled: I understand.
She continued:
The unfortunate thing is that the market economies, the purported happiness economy and true happiness are on a collision course. The market, as we know it today, will only survive by the Earths population demanding and obtaining more, more, more.
But the Earths population will only truly survive by demanding and obtaining less, less, less.
This is not good news for the powers that be, for those who profit by the solution of greed. For those whose profits are measured in the trillions of dollars. For those whose internal disquiet screams the loudest, and so have to be quelled by the thickest and strongest muffle conceivable: wealth and power.
I am on trial here for disrupting the consumption machinery. I am accused of inciting to civil disobedience and unrest. I am not aware of any civil unrest in this country, or in the world for that matter. I am, however, aware of people disobeying the consumption machinery edict to consume, to buy more, more, more. Yes, if this is how civil disobedience is measured, yes, then I am guilty.
But if a man is happier at heart, if his inner disquiet is truly soothed by not buying a new car, by instead sitting down to meditate, am I then inciting to civil disobedience? Or am I inciting to true happiness?
Every person who has the courage to truly look within and see what will indeed sooth his or her disquiet will see that the answer is letting go.
We think that a fortified ego is the path to ultimate happiness. Fortified by food and possessions. Yet, true happiness lies in the direction of a diminished ego, something every meditator can experience firsthand.
Something many a meditator has already experienced firsthand.
Many a much wiser human being, for what is wisdom if not experience understood?
Yes, I apologize to the consumption machinery for upsetting plans, for lessening demand, but I am not here to help the already obscenely wealthy gather more of the same. I am here to help the average human being see his or her way to a lasting, internal happiness.
If that is a crime, then so be it.
The only sound that could be heard in the court room was a hum of the air conditioner and the occasional traffic noise from the streets below. Ruth had finished, but the room was not yet certain, expectinghoping for, reallymore. In the end, when she said nothing else, Judge Moore realized that her defendant was done defending herself and donned her judge cap once again. Looked down at Ruth Marten, she said: Have you finished, Miss Marten?
Yes, your honor.
Okay, then. The looking over at Jones, Any questions of the witness, Mister Jones?
For the rest of his life, Otto Jones was to wonder whether his answer to that question had been the correct one. It was, he often reasoned, a matter of view, a matter of whose interests were served.
His answer this morning was: No, your honor.
All right. And as for you, Miss Marten. Does the defense rest?
Yes, your honor. It does.
How many private universes the Tathagata directly addressed during this account of her side of things was never established.
:
That evening found some of those media voices that had made Ruth Martens conviction a foregone conclusion busy hedging their bets, while others dug in and said that this rose-colored glasses new-age fluff defense of Miss Martens did not change the economic realities of the world, nor did it alter the disastrous effect of her campaigns on the country. She had indeed incited to civil, primarily, unrest, and if not found guilty and punished for her crime, this trial would leave the door open for anyone with a hippie mentality to run riot with our economy.



::31:: (Los Angeles Federal Court)

Otto Jones had not slept much. He was already regretting not questioning Ruth Marten while she was on the stand, and could, in retrospect, not for the life of him explain why he had not.
But fact remained, he had let her off the hook (was how he saw things this morning), and would now have to deliver his closing argument without having punched any holes in her side of the story.
Lara Matthews had called him late the night before asking him the same questions he now asked himself, but had then pointed out that while her views had been quite convincing, tomorrow is a new day and the attention span of most jurors is like that of a goldfish. In other words: deliver a great closing argument and the verdict would be, as most of the morning media still maintained, a foregone conclusion.
He reviewed his closing draft while mindlessly downing his customary grapefruit, toast, and sugarless black coffee and then left his apartment for the Federal Court House.
Really, there was nothing to worry about. Not that he could see.
Meredith Simmons, however, the Biotechnical Industry Associations counsel, who had also called last night, did not share his admittedly somewhat fragile confidence. She had also expressed near shock at him not cross-examining Marten. Why the hell not? had been her question.
He had refused to answer the question head on. Instead he had summarizedas much for himself as for Simmonsthat they had built an incredible strong case against Ruth Marten: she had incited to civil unrest and disobedience. There was no doubt about that.
Lets hope so, was her not entirely convinced reply.
Yes, he thought to himself in the elevator down to the parking floor, lets hope so.
:
Lara Matthews, quite out of character, placed her left hand upon Otto Jones right, and patted it twice: a show of confidence. A reassurance. Things will be fine, youll see.
Jones did not know whether to smile in her direction or not. He was, actually, thankful for the surprising gesture, but also annoyed that she would deem it necessary.
Oh, well. Here we go.
Jones stood up and slowly approached the jury.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury. Were it not for this woman, he turned and, yes, pointed at Ruth Marten, the countrys economy would not be grinding to a standstill. This country would not teeter on the brink of collapse.
He had their attention.
You have heard some of the foremost experts of our time testify to the perniciousthe destructiveinfluence of the defendants new-age spiritualism. You have seen the data illustrating the unprecedented slowdown both in demand and, subsequently, in production.
Ladies and gentlemen, although we all still appear to live in normal timesyou were, after all, all able to make it here this morning, your hotel did serve you breakfastthere is nothing normal about an economy plunging at this rate.
The defendant is charged with inciting to civil unrest and disobedience. Officially. But her crime, the effects of her irresponsible behavior is so much more serious. Imagine no food on the shelves at the supermarket. Imagine your children crying from hunger but nothing to feed them. Imagine no gasoline for your cars, or no electricity in your sockets. There is only one word for such a state: Chaos. Another word for chaos is civil unrest.
The word inciting basically mean to rouse towards, to instigate, inflame, stir up. Extreme civil unrestin other words, chaosis the ultimate result of the defendants behavior. The societal fabric is still holding together, even though ruptures have begun to appear, as our witnesses have testified to, but it will not hold together much longer, and once it disintegrates, we will return to jungle law, everyone for himself, or herself. The streets will flow with blood. Children will die of starvation. Theft and murder will be the new order of the day.
This is not a nightmare scenario, something Ive cooked up to scare you into finding the defendant guilty. This is a scenario which is approaching, and rapidly. It is just around the corner, ladies and gentlemen.
Unless you find the defendant guilty, and unless she is duly sentenced and is seen to pay commensurately for her crime, there is nothing to slow, or much less stop this catastrophic plunge toward chaos. Only a swift conviction, and an equally swift, and commensurate, sentence can put the brakes on this.
Ladies and gentlemen. Know that even though, by law, we could, we are not seeking the death penalty in this case. We are seeking life imprisonment without the possibility of parole. We think that is a more compassionate sentence for we do not believe that Ruth Martens ultimate intentalthough her actions seem to tell us otherwiseis to destroy our country. We believe that she in her utter disregard for the well-being of the country and its citizens has sought to aggrandize herself, has sought to gain influence and power over the youth of our country, for reasons not entirely clear to us, norwe believeto herself.
That, in our view, no matter how dangerous the potential result, is not cause for the death penalty. But miss Marten has to be seen as the fraud she is, and she must be publicly denounced and incarcerated in order to counteract her frivolous message of bliss here on earth by destruction.
A brief survey of the jurors: they were all still with him. Ex-ce-llent.
If you have heard anything during this trial, if any one thing has been spelled out, it is that the effect, ladies and gentlemen, the effect of the Gospel According to Miss Marten, is societal chaos. We cannot allow this.
You, ladies and gentlemen, cannot allow this.
The future of this country, of this world, now lies in your hands.
:
Miss Marten, said Judge Moore. Do you wish to make a closing argument?
Yes, your honor. But Ruth Marten did not rise. Instead she closed her eyes and whispered gently into the private worlds of each of the jurors. It was a friendly whisper, and such a natural whisper that none of the twelve men and women though more of it than a personal notion softly surfacing.
Then she rose, and spoke aloud what she had just whispered. These words found resonance in her whisper and so rang truer than true with each of the jurors: I wish this world and its people nothing but true happiness. You know this to be true.
Then she sat down.
Miss Marten, said the judge. Is that it?
Thats it, your honor.
:
After the clerk had handed each of the jury members their written instructions, Judge Moore took up each of these points with them.
Members of the jury. The defendant is accused of two very severe charges: Inciting to Public Unrest, and Inciting to Public Disobedience.
Firstly, these are crimes which, if the defendant is found guilty by a jury, can entail the death penalty. In this case, however, as you have heard the prosecution stipulate, the death penalty is not sought, and I, as judge, am confirming this.
Secondly, you, as jury, must carefully consider two things: Did the defendants action result in the circumstances and results claimed by the prosecution. And, if so, did the defendant intend to bring about these circumstances and results.
You must, in other words, establish both effect and intent. Unintended effects, can, naturally, have been caused by the defendants actions. It is important that you determine, to the best of your ability any such intent.
Thirdly, if, after a consideration of all of the evidence you conclude that the prosecution has failed to prove beyond a reasonable doubt any of the elements of the offenses charged, you must find the defendant not guilty.
If, however, after considering all of the evidence, you conclude that the prosecution has proven every element of the offense charged beyond a reasonable doubt then you must find the defendant guilty.
Lastly, if found guilty, you may recommend a commensurate jail sentence, up to a sentence of life without the possibility of parole, which is the sentence sought by the prosecution.
Should you have any questions over and above what you have been handed individually, and over and above what I have just said, you must put such questions in writing and give it to my clerk.
And good luck to you.
:
The jury sat for precisely forty-tree minutes. The foreman then rang for the clerk and handed him the jurys decision.
Within five minutes, Judge Moore had called the jury back in.
Foreman of the jury, have you reached a verdict? she asked.
Yes, we have, your honor.
What is your verdict?
As to Inciting to Public Unrest, we find the defendant not guilty. As to Inciting to Public Disobedience, we find the defendant not guilty.
There was no denying that Judge Moore actually smiled as she dismissed the jury, Ladies and Gentlemen of the jury. The court thanks you for your swift resolution and verdict.
And then smiled again as she addressed the defendant, Ruth Marten, you are acquitted of all charges, and you are free to go.
Ruth Marten returned the smile as she said, both aloud and within Judge Moores private universe: Thank you, your honor.
:
Every network in the world led with the acquittal story.



::32:: (Los Angeles)

Yet another conference room, another conference. This one takes place in Los Angeles. It is about eight oclock in the morning the day after the verdict in the Ruth Marten trial. It is the 21st of August, a Wednesday.
In attendance, the same three individuals who met on the 2nd of May in New York City: Otto Jones, fresh off the trial and its disastrous outcome; Andrew Callahan, FBIs Los Angeles Bureau Chief; and Meredith Simmons, Biotechnical Industry Association in-house counsel.
Neither has slept. All three are well versed with the media storm already at full strength.
I was to understand, as were my employer, said Simmons, that the outcome of this trial was a foregone conclusion. That by now all our problems would be solved.
She was addressing Otto Jones, who would not meet her gaze. In fact, he even refused to answer.
You are appealing, said Callahan, stating the obvious.
Thats our problem, said Simmons. With such a quick, and unanimous, jury verdict, I dont see the Appellate Court overturning this. Besides, were talking months for an appeal. Months before the 9th Circuit will hear this. In fact, there are some who suggest that we dont even file an appeal. That an appeal will just garner more media and if the verdict stands, well, thats another handful of nails in our respective coffins.
No one saw this coming, said Jones. No one.
Well, you should have, said Simmons. With teeth.
Jones said nothing.
I have received another request, said Callahan, addressing Simmons. From your boss.
I know, said Simmons.
Are you serious? said Jones. Youve failed, twice. Or is it three times?
Bottom line, said Callahan. She cannot be allowed to keep this up. Exonerated, like this, she will carry more weight. It is a disaster to end all disasters.
Simmons nodded her agreement. Could not have been worse.
There is far too much attention now, said Jones. Any attempt on her life will draw intense media scrutiny. It could backfire beyond repair.
Were already beyond repair, Simmons pointed out, thanks to Jones.
Callahan, who now had no further doubts as to why he was there, said, Well need a month at least. It will have to be meticulously planned, and can only involve our most trusted.
We dont have a month, said Simmons. A week, at best.
You are not serious, said Jones.
Deadly, said Simmons.
It cannot be done in a week, said Callahan.
Then well find someone who can do it in a week, said Simmons.
Callahan had gotten to where he had gotten mostly due to his reputation as the Los Angeles go-to guy in all sorts of situations. Failure to step up now and be counted would have serious career repercussions, he knew that. Still.
Two weeks? he said.
One week, said Simmons.
Callahan heard himself agreeing. Okay, one week.
And no screw-ups this time, said Simmons.
You are not serious, said Jones.
One week, said Simmons.
One week, said Callahan.
:
George Roth not only predicted that this meeting would take place, he also had a pretty good idea where it would take place. Based on his analysis, it would take place in any one of three locations, and he had all three covered both with hyper-sensitive long-distance microphones and very good photo-video lenses.
He had chosen to man the most likely spot himself: a forty-third floor corner room in a Century City high-rise. It was a little known fact that the Bureau owned the entire floor, and this particular corner room was set aside exclusively for unofficial high level conferences such as these.
Roth being the predictor of events that he was had guessed right.
From a nearby roof, and even across a distance of five hundred feet, his microphones nonetheless picked up the voice reverberations in the glass panes surrounding those talking, and so managed to record a faithful rendition of the proceedings, each person clearly identifiable, while the high-power lens faithfully recorded a serviceable high definition video of the three attendees in conference.
As evidence went, this was a damning as it came.



::33:: (Los Angeles)

George Roth leaked the video and sound recording of the FBI/Pharma conference to the major networks, all of whom led the evening news with the story.
Watching the coverage Ananda Wolf hovered somewhere between immense relief and horror at the thought.
This particular broadcast began with the footage of Ruth Marten in Berlin, standing up the one moment and the next prone on the stage. This attempt, the voice-over said, was obviously also orchestrated by the FBI and BIA collusion. The next sound-bite being what amounted to a clear admission from the last conference: Or as Otto Jones put it: Youve failed, twice. Or is it three times? Clearly, the U.S. Government is involved in attempts to assassinate Ruth Marten. Clearly the FBI has made several attempts, and clearly, the pharmaceutical giant BIA is pulling some sort of strings to make Uncle Sam jump so quicklyand clumsily.
George Roth, who was visiting, afforded himself a smile. Pretty darn good, if I may say so myself.
But, said Melissa, ever the mother. Do you think that theyll back off now?
First, said Roth. Well see the fallout in terms of dismissals. My guess is that this will go all the way to the head of the service. It will also involve a serious congressional inquiry into the extent to which Big Pharma is calling the Washington shots. After that, it would be easier to assess the likelihood of other attempts. My guess, thoughmy gut-feelingis that well see no more of this. Ruths profile is now far too high, the Governments and Pharmas involvement far too known.
I wish I could take that to the bank, said Melissa.
I think you can, said Ruth.
The next report again played the highlights from the videoed meeting, again referring to the source as unnamed.
Ananda turned to Roth, I dont think we can thank you enough, he said.
My pleasure, said Roth. I am very glad to have been of service.
Invaluable service, confirmed Ruth.



::34:: (Pasadena)

Seeing Ananda smile again warms my heart. Then he notices me noticing and he looks down, as if embarrassed to be caught in such a personal act.
Then he looks up again, still smiling. Relaxing, finally.
Though he will, on some level, still worry about methat seems to be part of his very makeupI see that he, too, believes all will be okay now.
I look over at George Roth, who certainly has good reason to seem pleased with himself. Truth is, I cannot thank him enough, and I will do all I can to help him along the path.
Melissa, my mother, seems asleep, leaning back into the sofa cushion and closing her eyes. But shes not asleep, shes more like waking up from a dark dream, finally over. She senses me looking at her and opens her eyes. And just like Ananda, smiles.
On the television some other channel is replaying Georges clever recording and I can hear a call for independent investigations and several resignations. True, I have not made friends in some very high places, but we have also flushed the enemy to enlightenment out into the open, for all to see.
It seems, and every cell in my body sings the same tune, that my mission will succeed.



::35::

The world economy is a resilient creature. Yes, demand for luxury goods has dropped dramatically and continues to fall. But new industries burgeon. The call for healthier food, simpler clothing and furniture is rising, and many manufacturers are all too happy to oblige.
Even the larger pharmaceutical companies are seeing some sort of writing on some sort of wall and have begun to shift their research and production capacities toward vitamins and other food supplements: the customer is, after all, Kind and Queen in this game of supply and demand, and the world is responding accordingly.
The publics disobedience, its refusal to clamor for more and more and more did not bring the world to its knees, but seems to have infused it with a new, cleaner life.
Ruth Marten provides a brief overview of this during her USC morning lecture, to applause.
At the end of the lecture, she again invites questions and the first onefrom a young post-graduate womanis the one question she has always refused to answer.
Miss Marten. I know I should probably not ask this, but I feel I must: Are you the Buddha returned?
Ruth smiles, and finally does answer that question.

::


About the Author


Raised in Northern Sweden (by trolls), Ulf Wolf is now California-based.

To date he has written eight novels, four novellas, and fifty odd short stories. More is underway.

For more about this particular wolf, visit http://ulfwolf.com.

Also, you can contact him at ulfwolf at gmail dot com.

Other books by Ulf Wolf (and also available at Smashwords):

Tathgata  A Four Volume Novel
The Faces of Harriet Brown  a Novel
He Fell Through Clouds  a Novel
Storm  a Novel
The Katha Upanishad  a Novel
Love Thyself Last  a Novel
Flannerys Bear  a Novella
Only The Albatross Remembers  a Novella
Boil a Manchild for Odin  a Novella
Seven True Lies  a Seven Story Collection
Two Dark Truths  a Two Story Collection



