Tathagata
Book Four: Thesis


Ulf Wolf

Smashwords Edition
November 2012

Copyright


Tathagata  Book Four: Thesis
Copyright 2012 by Wolfstuff


All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
Tathgata 


Smashwords License Notes


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Thesis:
Science, Philosophy, and Religion  
Shared Ground, Shared Goal
by Ruth Marten

:: Truth ::
Ultimately, there is only one truth. There can only be one truth. There is only, there can only be, one way that thingshowever complex and complicated they may appearare.
There is only one truth, only one way things are.
True, there are many views on that subject as well: are things? Do they exist or are we just imagining them in a narcissistic universe where we perceive nothing but our own dreams? Some see it that way.
I maintain, howeveras do most observersthat things are, objectively (un-interpreted) as well as subjectively (interpreted).
And these many things that are, they are a certain way. By reason of existing they exist the way they exist. No other way.
Things are not two certain ways. They are a single certain way. And they arrived at their current state of being by a certain series of events, by a certain path, a certain way, not via two, or three, or four certain ways, but one certain wayand here I lay profound stress on the two words certain and way.
Reality, as we perceive it, consists, among other things, of bodies and blood and stars and skylarks and grass and hastily assembled tables and ice cream and painted fingernails. We perceive these things and we say that they are. And they are a certain way.
Perhaps we do dream them in some vast communal slumber, but if that is the case, then that is the way things are. Or perhaps a capital-G God created all things, well, if that is the case then that is the single certain way they came to be. Or perhaps all things are conjured by a man named Thornton in Philadelphia, and if so, well, that is the one certain way it is.
Perhaps, you sayplaying the Devils advocatereality is conjured by two men, Thornton in Philadelphia and a certain William in Bern, Switzerland. Perhaps. But if so, then that is the one certain way that things are.
Perhaps, you say, this is just one of a million million parallel universes, and we only see one trillionth of what really is. Again, if so, then that is the one certain way that things are, simply because that, then, is the true state of affairs.
Man has always been curious about the way things are, and has over the years, and by various means and approaches, looked into it to find out more about it.
One study of the way things are is called Science.
One study of the way things are is called Philosophy.
One study of the way things are is called Religion.
And this is what they share, their common space: they seek the truth about the way things are. The one certain way things are.
They seek, these three paths, ultimately the same thing: Wisdom.

:: The Words ::
Man has long been in the habit of labeling those things he has by one channel or another experienced, first by sounds, later by spoken words, and finally by written words. He has also a long-standing habit of collecting things in one place so, if you want to assess the current state of mankind, the easiest and most direct way to do so is to consult the dictionary.
In there you will find most, if not all, things Man has experienced. In fact, it is not seldom that you discover that the dictionary knew all about it all along. And that being the case, lets turn to it first.
Science, philosophy, religion? What was it Man decided these labels was to represent?
Science
The path named science acquired its meaning around the year 1340 CE when science meant knowledge, a branch of learning, a skill.
Etymologically, the word was borrowed from Old French science which, in turn, was borrowed from Latin scientia, meaning knowledge, from sciens, the present participle of scire, meaning to know, which in turn, originally, meant to separate, divide; a word related to scindere, meaning to cut, split.
This, in my view, is as good a take on the word as can be for isnt that what we do when we study things? We separate one thing from another in order to analyze. Cut things up to examine the pieces.
Science.
The modern, restricted, sense of the word as a branch of learning based on observation and tested truths, arranged in an orderly system, was first recorded in Isaac Watts Logic (1725), and had by then developed from meaning a particular branch of knowledgesuch as logic, grammar, rhetoric, arithmetic, geometry, astronomyas distinguished from art (which, in many views is yet another path to finding out how things are), into wearing its broader, current meaning.
Science, then, today, is the path of observing, closelyby dissecting and otherwise cutting apart into constituent partsthe observable. It is the approach that takes the road from the outside heading in.
The fact that once we get all the way in (for a further discussion of this, please see my Particle Physics Doctoral Thesiswhich in turn was based on my and Julian Lawsons EPROM experiment) there is really nothing there (unless we look and expect to see something), does not invalidate neither the word nor the path.
Science, as a discipline, when practiced honorably and with integrity, seeks the truth, seeks wisdom.
Philosophy
The path named philosophy acquired its meaning about forty years before science, around the year 1300, when as philosofie it meant knowledge, or a body of knowledge, or learning; later it grew into philosophye, to finally, a few hundred years later, settle on philosophy.
This word was borrowed from Old French filosofie and later philosophie, which in its turn was borrowed from Latin. Some claim that the word was also borrowed directly from both the Latin philosophia, and the Greek philosophia. The Greek word was the original, and meant love or pursuit of knowledge or wisdom. It also meant speculation. Philo meant loving, sophia meant knowledge, learning, wisdom, from sophos wise, learned.
Today, in my view, the word philosophy means, above all, love of wisdom; and wisdom, well, that is knowing the way things are, is it not?
Philosophers down the ages have always been a community united by this love of wisdom, this thirst for truth. They have been united by the desire, the needand the courageto look, and to report what they saw, regardless of whose toes (mainly religious ones, if history serves) were crushed in the process.
Some died for their vision. Giordano Bruno comes to mind. Others recanted what they had observed, and as a result managed to live a little longer, in inward shameGalileo comes to mind, though his findings and views, recanted or not, were soon enough recognized as true.
The Buddha, more than anything else, was a philosopher, as was Jesus of Nazareth, Muhammad, Rumi, Saint Augustine, Meister Eckhart, Spinoza, Bertrand Russell, and each and every man or woman who earnestly looked (or still look) the human condition in the eye and tried (or still try) to understand it.
Philosophy, as a discipline, when practiced honorably and with integrity, seeks the truth, seeks wisdom.
Religion
Again consulting the dictionaries, we find the path known as religion to be a little more constricted.
It acquired English meaning as early as the year 1200 in the guise of religium which then referred to a religious order, or a community of monks or nuns. This word had made it across the channel from Old French religion, meaning, too, a religious community, which in turn was borrowed from the Latin religiare to bind fast, mostly by voicing a vow or obligation, and by that vow binding yourself to a fate or a belief.
Today, a closely related word (a first cousin) is Theology which, of course, means The Study of God, from the Greek Theos, meaning God, and logos, meaning study).
Both words, however, have the narrow scope of either subscribing to (binding yourself to) a certain faith or view (or later, dogma), or to a certain philosophical approach to truth (as in via an all-powerful Creator, God).
Still, many of us relate the word to Truth, to the way things are, even if this way comes prepackaged for the most part.
Each current world religion offers its own version of the Truth; something which held true for the Cavemans worship of Fire, and still holds true for the modern Gurus systematic approach to self-betterment (when this is cloaked in that word religion).
Most religions assume a Creator, though not the same one, and therefore tend to get into arguments, fights, wars, bloodshed with other religions whose Creator, just like yours, demands there be no other Creator beside Him.
A sad testament to this is the fact that more humans have died in the name of such Creators than for any other reason.
Some paths, such as Buddhism, are religions in name only and not in the sense of binding yourself to a fate. Such religions should more correctly be called philosophies, where what is true for youand only thatis true.
For all the Buddha ever told us to do is Go look for yourself.
Each religion, at its fountainhead, saw an honest looking, an honest seeing, which was then communicated as well as the seer possibly could.
Jesus was a seer. Muhammad was a seer. Lao Tsu was a seer. The Buddha was a seer. Zoroaster was a seer. Bahaullah was a seer.
But while seers see, their disciples and follower mayin fact, most often dohave dust in their eyes.
Also, non-seers, or apprentice seers, or wishful-seers, those with little or much dust in their eyes tend to hold to a higher opinion of themselves than warranted by experience or accomplishment (making up, it appears, for such lack of experience or accomplishments), and wish to (in order to bolster their self-worth) put their own personal stamp on the seen by interpreting or commenting or expanding upon it.
The seer sees, the understander understands and feels no need to comment or interpret, while the dusty eye must map and interpret and claim that his map of the labyrinthand only his mapis the correct one.
This is how religions derail.
But I believe that we can truly say that religion, as a discipline, when practiced honorably and with integrity, seeks the truth, seeks wisdom.

:: The Paths ::
To better convey this brotherhood, this true one-ness of paths, I wish to lay their historical foundation, their respective journeys from their origin-past into their (often far too) divergent present.

:: Science ::
Aristotle hails Thales as the inventor of science. I think this is debatable. Bertrand Russell, for one, believes that Thales learned most of what he knew from the Babylonians, and I believe history bears this out.
No, Thales did not invent science. I think that the first human being who inspected something from various angles with a view to understand it better, I think he or she invented scienceif indeed such a thing as science can be invented.
I think that the mother of science is curiosity.
From its early, and by most yardsticks humble, beginnings, science has grown into one of the most lauded (these days over-lauded, in my view) and influential fields of human endeavor. Today, an army of her branches scour for and investigate virtually everything that can be observed or detected, and science as a whole has no lesser aim than to shape the way we understand the universe, our planet, ourselves, and other living things.
She sometimes succeeds, sometimes not.
One of her vital trademarkswe could even call it her codeis that what she discovers must be found by objective analysis rather than by personal belief (a principle that is not always followed). This approach, honestly followed, will accumulate knowledge with time, and so allow science to strive ever higher with earlier discoveries as its foundation.
Vital parts of this foundation, such as, for example, our understanding of numbers, were laid by ancient civilizations. Other scientific insights, such as our isolation and understanding of cancer-causing genes or of quarks, date back less than 80 years.
On paper, all scientists, be they current or ancient, take the same systematic approach: based on the now known, look farther, deeper, higher, and add to it.
We refer to this approach as the scientific method.
Scientific Method
Whereas philosophy also ponders the question how?, it primarily concerns itself with the question why? Science, on the other hand, focuses nearly exclusively on the question how?
Most of todays scientists hold that modern scienceand with it the concept of scientific methodoriginated with the Renaissance; but if you look more closely, youll detect the rudiments of scientific approachwhat Id call methodic curiositythroughout human history.
Cornerstones
The cornerstones of the scientific method consist of an objective approach to any investigation, and of accepted results.
The precept of objectivity mean that we have to observe things as they are, without yielding to the somewhat procrustean temptation to force such observations into accord with preconceived views or other hobby horses.
The precept of acceptability stipulates that observations or experiments made by one can uniformly be reproduced by another. Scientific findings, in other words, must hold true for all who investigate any given set of conditions and phenomena.
Reasoning
By use more than definition, scientific method deploys both inductive reasoning (that reasoning which proceeds from specific observations and experimentsa penny dropped will fall to the ground: there is such a thing as gravityto form more general hypotheses and theories) and deductive reasoning (that reasoning which travels the other waywe postulate a force called gravity: so, if let go, this penny should fall to the groundfrom intuited theories or hypotheses to predict and/or account for specific, observed phenomena).
Pressing these two paths of reasoning, science aims to discover, develop, and encode broad lawssuch as Isaac Newtons law of gravitationthat then, in turn, aid our understanding of the natural world.
Considering the scope of what science attempts to examine and understandwhich is, well, everythingone soon realizes that there is no one single scientific approach since its now myriad separate disciplines often differ greatly both in subject matter and in how they approach their subjects.
So, there is no single path to scientific discovery and we can form no one clear-cut description that will embrace all the ways and manners to pursue scientific truth. The pursuit of scientific truth, in other words, is subject matter dependent.
While we cannot dissect, but only observe a star, we can do a lot more than just observe a corpse.
So, to say that we use the scientific method in our research is to say nothing, precisely, about how we are going about our investigation. It depends entirely on what we are investigating.
Bacon and Descartes
Francis Bacon, an early writer on scientific method, put this to paper in the 1600s: Thorough observation and tabulation of a sufficiently large number of manifestations or phenomena of nature will invariably lead us to theories accounting for those manifestations and phenomena. This, of course, a prime sample of an inductive approach.
A little farther south, and almost concurrently, the Ren Descartes took the opposite tack in his attempt to account for observed phenomena on the basis of what he called clear and distinct ideas. The deductive approach.
Galileo
In Italy, and again almost concurrently, Galileo, in his study of falling bodies, deployed a scientific method that indeed resembles the one used by todays physical scientists.
Observing that heavy objects fall to the ground with increasing speed, he deducedor, more accurately stated (for language does have the habit of sometimes pressing one word into service for two meanings): inducedthe hypothesis that the speed attained is directly proportional to the distance traveled.
Unable, however, to test this hypothesis directly, he instead stated the hypothesis that objects falling unequal distances require the same amount of elapsed time.
This he could test, and when he did so, he discovered this hypothesis to be incorrect, and that, logically, then, so was his first hypothesis.
He then formed the different hypothesis that the speed attained is directly proportional to the time elapsed (and not the distance traveled). From this he was able to eventually extrapolate that the distance traveled by a falling object is proportional to the square of the time elapsed, and this hypothesis he was able to verify experimentally by rolling balls down an inclined plane.
Brilliant (if a somewhat cowardlywhen push came to deadly shove) man.
Although an agreement between the conclusion and actual observation does not prove the correctness of the hypothesis on which the conclusion is based, it does go quite a ways to render such a hypothesis more plausible.
Scientific Truth
The true test of scientific conclusions and hypotheses lie in their uniform agreement with all other aspects within the scientific framework. In other words: do all data observed, under the same conditions, and at all times, point to and so validate this conclusion?
If the answer is yes, then, and only then, does science recognize due diligence and only then will she recognize the conclusion as scientifically proven, as scientific truth.
In this environment, the exception that proves the rule does not even leave ground. A single deviation would render the conclusion false.
Weak Link
The scientific method does, however, have a weak link, and a grave one at that: the scientist. He or she is (at least so far) human, and may well, like other human beings, be swayed by prevailing worldview or personal pet theories, and so may take more kindly to certain experimental results than others. This to a degree that selective blindness may develop.
One case in point would be the FleischmannPons purported discovery of cold fusion which, pressured by the University of Utahs desire to establish priority on the discovery, they announced far too soon, and which discovery was soon disproven and disgraced. A clear-cut case of scientists seeing what they hope and wish to see, and not what is actually seen.
No other scientists were able to replicate the Fleischmann-Pons experiment, and so their findings and hypothesis was found false. Some scientists even went so far as to refer to the Utah report as a result of the incompetence and delusion of Pons and Fleischmann.
On the whole, though, and in fairness to the scientific community, it does, as a rule, judge the work of its members objectively, which is why, so far, the scientific method prevails.
A Whirlwind History
As I implied earlier, were humans not curious we would have no such thing as science today. But as luck would have itfor sciencenot only are we a curious lot, our species has a natural ability to observe and then to organize and record such observations to boot.
While other forms of lifedogs, mice, dead catsdisplay curiosity as well, only humansas far as we can tell, anywaypossess the skill to organize and then record such observations and knowledge (which record then forms the foundation, a springboard, for future discoveries).
Our Dawn
At the dawn of curiosity we made simple records of our observations: shapes as paintings on cave walls, numerical information as carvings on bones or stones. Although we may well have also used other means of setting down numbers, such as knots in leather cords, or cuts in sticks of wood, we have no way of ascertaining this since both leather and wood are perishable and leave no traces.
With the invention of writing about 6,000 years ago, however, we discovered a more flexible way of putting down what we observed and discovered. We found a way to record knowledge.
Writing first saw daylight in Mesopotamia, one of the earliest centers of urban civilizationat least of the Western variety. Located as it was between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, it is no wonder that the word Mesopotamia is Greek for between the rivers.
Initially, these early authors devised a pictographic script, inscribing various lifelike symbols on tablets of clay. With time, howeverand due to laziness or expedience, or boththese symbols morphed into cuneiform, a script composed of wedge-shaped marks.
Thanks to the longevity of clay, more than a handful of these ancient tablets have survived to our times, and theysurprisinglyshow that as writing first took root, the Mesopotamians already had a keen grasp of mathematics, astronomy, and chemistry, and of symptoms to identify common diseases.
During the two thousand years to follow, and as Mesopotamian culture grew more sophisticated, mathematics in particular grew into a thriving science. Since it was now recorded, their knowledge accumulated rapidly, and by 1000 BCE we find the scientists of the time beginning to assemble private libraries to consolidate and protect their recorded discoveries.
To the southwest of Mesopotamia the ancient Egyptians, independent of the Mesopotamians, developed their own form of pictographic script, writing on papyrus, or inscribing text in stone. Egyptian records from around 1500 BCE show that they also had a good grasp of diseases and their symptoms, as well as of astronomy and mathematiciansamply demonstrated by the virtually perfect symmetry of the pyramids.
Greece and Rome
The peoples of Mesopotamia and ancient Egypt both recorded knowledge primarily for practical needs. Astronomical observations, for example, led to early calendars, which in turn helped organize their farming seasons.
But in ancient Greecethe acknowledged birthplace of Western sciencea new kind of scientific inquiry had found fertile soil. Here, curiosity ran deeper. Here, philosophers and other seekers sought knowledge largely for its own sake.
Here, they sought truth for the sake of truth.
Thales
While not, as I said (in my opinion), the inventor of sciencefor how can you invent curiosity?Thales of Miletus was nevertheless one of the first to postulate and then set out to isolate natural and observable causes for natural phenomena.
Preceding his more famous brethren by a good centuryhe was born around 625 BCE, most historians view him as the father of Greek science/philosophy, and he is generally credited with introducing geometry to Greece (something he probably picked up in his travels). A keen observer and brilliant astronomer, he is on record as having predicted the May 28, 585 BCE eclipse of the sun, a very impressive feat considering the state of astronomy at the time, and the tools at hand.
Yet, for all these impressive scientific observations, Thales viewed himself as a philosopher, though, of course, at that time no true distinction had been made between philosophy and science: it was all a search for truth.
As for the universe, according to the curious Thales, everything boils down to water. Everything is basically water. Everything proceeds from water, and everythingafter a sojourn through other forms and substanceseventually returns to water.
While a little wide of the mark, it would serve one well to keep in mind that before Thales, no one (on record, at any rate) had attempted to explain the universe based on sheer observation and in terms of physical substance. Rather, prior to him, the view of the universe had been largely mythological.
Thales approachand I would certainly give him thismarked the birth of the scientific approach. Unfortunately, Thales left no writings; what we know of him we have learned from Aristotle, and his accounts of Thales in his Metaphysics.
Thales and his successors also speculated about the nature of Earth herself. Thalestrue champion that he was of waterbelieved the Earth to be a flat disk floating on water. Pythagoras, however, one of ancient Greece's most celebrated mathematicians, and a mystic to boot, begged to differ. He held that Earth was spherical.
Pythagoras also surmised that the Earth moved in a circular orbitthough not around the Sun, mind you; around a central fire (location not immediately evident). Although flawed and widely disputed, this outrageous (at the time) suggestion nonetheless marked a leap of scientific thought: it heralded the idea that Earth might not, after all, be the center of the universe.
Atoms
Another startling scientific intuition sprang from the Greek philosopher Leucippus and his student Democritus of Abdera when they (around 400 BCE, give or take) proposed that all matter is made up of indivisible atoms. This, mind you, more than two thousand years before that notion finally found its rightful place in the annals of modern science.
Reason
Not only were these ancient philosophers (or scientists) curious about natural phenomena, they also discerned and studied the nature of reasoning.
At the two great schools of Greek philosophy in Athensthe Academy, founded by Plato, and the Lyceum, founded by Plato's pupil Aristotlestudents were taught how to reason logically. And here we encounter, for the first time in the West, our two cornerstones to the scientific method: inductiondrawing general conclusions from particular cases; and deductionthe inference of new facts from something already assumed or known.
This schooling and logical approach to curiosity lead to remarkable progress over the two centuries following Aristotle's death in 322 BCE.
A few striking examples:
By comparing the Sun's height above the horizon in two different places, the mathematician, astronomer, and geographer Eratosthenes calculated Earth's circumference, producing a figure that was later found to be accurate to within 1 percent. No small feat, again considering the state of the science and the tools at hand.
Archimedes, another celebrated Greek mathematician, studied and laid the foundations of mechanics. He also pioneered the science of hydrostatics, the study of the behavior of fluids at rest.
Theophrastus founded the science of botany, providing detailed and vivid descriptions of a wide variety of plant species as well as investigating the germination process in seeds.
Greek Decline
The 1st century BCE, however, saw a slowing and then a virtual dead stop of Western scientific progress. Roman influence was by now eclipsing that of Greece and, although skilled at warwitness the span of her empire, law, engineering, and administrationthe practical Romans had little interest in basic science. As a result, little science was done during the far too practical days of the Roman Empire.
Also, by this time, Christianity had gained an irreversible foothold on the Western world, and since all you ever needed to know about the world and about the universe was amply covered in the Bible, there was no need for science. In fact, by then, science was viewed as a threat to the religious powers that be.
And as if to underscore this state of affairs, in 529 CE, both the Lyceum and the Academy finally closed their doors, and that were the last two nails in our early scientific coffin.
Chinese Science
While Western Europe suffered its scientific slumbera nap that was to last from about 500 to 1400 CEit contributed little in the way of scientific thought. Rather (and most likely out of greed) European philosophers mainly dabbled in alchemy, that occult pseudoscience that sprung from the delusion that you could turn inferior metals into gold.
Now, it should be mentioned that alchemy did foster some discoveries, one being sulfuric acid, which was first documented in the early 14th century. For real scientific progress, however, we have to turn elsewhere: to China and to the Arab world.
Keep in mind that Chinese science developed wholly independently of Greece or Europe, and so followed a different pattern.
However, just like the Egyptians and Mesopotamiansand unlike the Greeks, who prized knowledge as an end in itselfthe Chinese took a very pragmatic view of science. They put their discoveries to use.
The list of Chinas early discoveries does dazzle. It includes the compass, which her curious pragmatists invented in about 270 CE; woodblock printing, designed around 700; gunpowder apparently clocked in around the year 1000; as did movable type.
The Chinese were also competent mathematicians and astronomers. In mathematics, they had calculated the value of pi to within seven decimal places by the year 600, while in astronomy, one of their most celebrated observations was that of the supernova, or stellar explosion, that took place in the Crab Nebula in 1054.
China is also the source of the world's oldest portable star map, dating from about 940.
Islamic Science
Meanwhile, closer to Europe, but during the same dark ages, the Islamic worldwhich in medieval times extended as far west as Spain and as far east as Indiaalso made some significant scientific breakthroughs.
Apparently picking through whatever scraps of ancient knowledge remained after the Muslim conquest of India razed most Hindu and Buddhist temples and libraries, the Arab mathematician Muhammad al-Khwrizm found and then introduced Hindu numerals to Europe many centuries after they had been devised in southern Asia.
Unlike the numerals used by the Romans, the Hindu numerals included the very useful concept and symbol of zero which as a mathematical device was unknown to Europe at the time.
Astronomywise, Arab stargazers charted the heavens, giving many of the brightest stars the names we still use today, such as Aldebaran, Altair, and Deneb. Arab scientists also explored chemistry, and they developed methods to manufacture metallic alloys and to test the quality and purity of metals.
Arab scientists were also active in optics. Early in the 11th century, Alhazen, one of the most famous Egyptian physicists, published a tract on the principles of lenses, mirrors, and other optical devices. In this work, he rejected the then-prevailing idea that eyes give out light rays. Instead, he deduced that eyes work when light rays enter them from outside.
Europe Stirs Again
European historians often attribute the rebirth of its science to a political eventthe capture of Constantinople (now stanbul) by the Turks in 1453.
At the time of capture, Constantinople was the capital of the Byzantine Empire and a major seat of learning. Its downfall led to a west-ward exodus of Greek scholars, and in the period that followed, many scientific works, including those originally from the never sleeping Arab world, were translated into various European languages and then, through the invention of the movable type printing press by Johannes Gutenberg around 1450, made widely available.
16th Century
Unfortunately, this resurrection of Western European science was rather short-lived. The  recurring outbreak of bubonic plague that began in 1347, and which was to last for over two centurieswhat we know as the Black Deathwas to thwart broad progress until well into the 16th century when two books were published which were to have a profound impact.
Curiously, they were both published in the year1543.
Vesalius
The first of these was De Corporis Humani Fabrica (On the Structure of the Human Body, 7 volumes, 1543), by the Belgian anatomist Andreas Vesalius.
Vesalius had studied anatomy in Italy, and his masterpiece, which was illustrated by superb woodcuts, corrected errors and misunderstandings about the body that had persisted since the time of Galenin other words, for over 1,300 years.
Unlike Islamic physicians, whose religion prohibited them from dissecting human cadavers, Vesaliuscuriosity personifieddissected and investigated the human body in minute detail. As a result, he set new standards in anatomical science and created a brilliant reference work.
Copernicus
The second book was Nicolaus Copernicus De Revolutionibus Orbium Coelestium (On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres). In it, the Polish astronomerfollowing in the footsteps made by Pythagoras almost two thousand years earlierrejected the idea that Earth was the center of the universe, as proposed by Ptolemy in the 1st century BCE, and as maintained by the Holy Roman Empire ever since.
Rather, Copernicus set out to prove that Earth, together with the other planets, follows orbits around the Sun.
Other astronomers of his time opposed Copernicus's ideas, and more ominously, so, naturally, did the Roman Catholic Church (which by now had attained serious political power, and was not about to have divine revelations contradicted by Polish upstarts).
In the early 1600s, the Catholic Church placed Copernicus book on a list of forbidden works, where it was to remain for a good two centuries.
Despite this ban and despite the book's inaccuracies (Copernicus, for instance, believed that Earth's orbit was circular rather than elliptical), De Revolutionibus remained a momentous achievement. It also marked the start of a conflict between science and religion that has dogged Western thought ever since.
17th Century
In the first decade of the 17th century, Italian physicist and astronomer Galileo Galilei put a new devicethe telescopeto good use. In fact, with the help of this new invention, he provided independent evidence to support Copernicus's views on the sun and the planets.
Galileo Galilei was also the first person to observe satellites circling Jupiter, the first to make detailed drawings of the surface of the moon, and the first to see how Venus waxes and wanes as it circles the sun.
His observation and plotting of Venus path convinced Galileo that Copernicus sun-centered view of the universe was in fact correct, but he was obviously also smart enough to realize the political (not to mention physical) danger of supporting such heretical views. His dilemma was this: how to communicate his findings in such a way that they tell the truth while not rubbing Rome the wrong way.
His attempt at this, Dialogue on the Two Chief World Systems, Ptolemaic and Copernican, published in 1632, was carefully crafted to avoid such life-threatening controversy. But no such luck. He was indeed, and in short order, summoned before the Inquisition and, under threat of torture, heunlike Giordano Bruno, who did not back downdid in fact recant. The Bible and the Church was right, Copernicus wrong. End of story (if you relish your life).
During the 17th century, European scientists did, however, make good progress in areas less hazardous to your health. For one, as mentioned earlier, Galileo himself investigated the laws governing falling objects, and also discovered that the duration of a pendulum's swing is constant for any given length. Galileo explored the possibility of using this phenomenon to control a clock, an idea that his son laterrecords show 1641put into practice.
Two years later, in 1643, another Italian, the mathematician and physicist Evangelista Torricelli, built the first barometer. In the process he also discovered atmospheric pressure (which, of course, is what the barometer measures) and also constructed the first artificial vacuum known to science.
17th century Europe also saw major advances in the life sciences, including William Harveys discovery of the circulatory system and the Dutch microscope maker Antoni van Leeuwenhoeks discovery of microorganisms.
Later than century, Robert Boyle, an Irishman who settled in England to avoid the turmoil over colonization efforts there by English protestants, established modern chemistry as a full-fledged science, while in France, the philosopher and scientist Ren Descartes made significant headway in mathematics, as well as advancing the case for rationalismthe theory that opinions and actions should be based on reason and knowledge rather than on religious belief or emotions responsein scientific research (frowned upon, naturally, by Rome).
This century's greatest achievements, however, came in 1665, when the Isaac Newton left Cambridge for his rural birthplace in Woolsthorpe to escape an epidemic of the plague. There, in peace and quiet, and in the course of a single year, he not only developed new theories about the nature of light and gravitation, but he also developed calculus, if for no other reason than to document and prove that the force of gravity extends throughout the universe and that all objects attract each other with a precisely defined and predictable force.
Gravity, he pointed out, is what holds the moon in its orbit around the Earth and is also the principal cause of the Earths tides. This discovery revolutionized the view of the universe and it, more than any other single event, is what marked the birth of modern science.
Age of Enlightenment
What Newton demonstrated above all else was that nature is governed by basic laws that, if you look hard and well enough, and if you apply a rational scientific method to it, can be identified, isolated, and stated.
This new approach to observing natureand again, much to Romes dismayliberated 18th-century scientists from passively accepting the untested and unproven wisdom of ancient writings or religious authorities.
And so, in what was to become known as the Age of Reason, or the Age of Enlightenment, the curious began to actively apply rational thought, careful observation, and experimentation to solve a variety of problems (rather than consulting the Bible or their local priests).
Advances in biology, for example, saw the gradual erosion and eventual demise of the theory of spontaneous generationthe long-held notion that life could spring from nonliving matter.
This new freedom also brought the beginning of scientific classification as pioneered by Swedish naturalist Carolus Linnaeus, who isolated and recorded close to 12,000 living plants and animals into a systematic arrangement that, in many aspects, is still in use today. 
Also, by the year 1700 the first steam engine had been built, while improvements in the telescope enabled German-born British astronomer Sir William Herschel to discover the planet Uranus in 1781.
Throughout the 18th century, science played an increasingly important role in everyday life; new manufacturing processes revolutionized the way that products were made, heralding what we now term the Industrial Revolution.
The 19th Century
As the scope of scientific discoveries grew, and with knowledge building upon prior knowledge to grow this edifice ever higher, scienceby necessity, since the volume of data was growing far too great for any one person to now embracebegan to split, and scientists began to specialize in particular fields.
This specialization, however, did not mean that discoveries made were limited to particular fields, for from the 19th century onward, research began to unearth principles that applied to, and united, the universe as a whole.
Chemistry
In chemistry, one of these universal discoveries was a conceptual one: the notion that all matter is made of atoms. This, of course, was not a new thought. As I mention earlier, Leucippus and Democritus proposed this some two thousand years earlier.
The man who eventually came to revisit this notionand this happened in 1803was the English chemist John Dalton, who then managed to provide clear and convincing chemical proof that these little particles did in fact exist.
Dalton also discovered that each atom has a characteristic mass and that atoms remain unchanged when they combine with other atoms to form compound substances. He went on to use this atomic theory to explain why substances always combine in fixed proportionsa field of study known as quantitative chemistry.
In 1869 Russian chemist Dmitry Mendeleyev, building upon Daltons discoveries about atoms and their behavior, drew up his periodic table of the elements, a monumental breakthrough which is still in use today.
Other 19th-century discoveries in chemistry included the world's first synthetic fertilizer, manufactured in England in 1842. In 1846 German chemist Christian Schoenbein accidentally developed the powerful and unstable explosive nitrocellulose. The discovery occurred after he had spilled a mixture of nitric and sulfuric acids and then mopped it up with a cotton apron. After the apron had been hung up to dry, it exploded. He later learned that the cellulose in the cotton apron combined with the acids to form a highly flammable explosive.
In 1828 the German chemist Friedrich Whler discovered that you could create organic (containing carbon) compounds from inorganic ingredients, a breakthrough that opened up an entirely new field of research, and by the end of the 19th century, hundreds of organic compounds had been synthesized, including mauve, magenta, and other synthetic dyes, as well as aspirin, still one of the world's most useful drugs.
Physics
In physics, the 19th century is remembered chiefly for research into electricity and magnetism, which were pioneered by physicists such as Michael Faraday and James Clerk Maxwell.
In 1821 Faraday demonstrated that a moving magnet could set an electric current flowing in a conductor. This experiment and others he performed eventual led to electric motors and generators.
While Faradays genius lay in discovery by experiment, Maxwell produced even greater theoretical breakthroughs. Maxwell's famous equations, which first saw the light of day in 1864, deployed mathematics to explain the interactions between electric and magnetic fields and demonstrated the principles behind electromagnetic waves created when electric and magnetic fields oscillate simultaneously.
While Maxwell also realized that light was a form of electromagnetic energy, he also postulated that the complete electromagnetic spectrum must include many other forms of waves as well. In this, he was proven correct by Heinrich Hertzs discovery of radio waves in 1888 and by Wilhelm Roentgens discovery of X-rays in 1895.
More monumental still, in 1897, British physicist Sir Joseph J. Thomson discovered the electron, a subatomic particle with a negative charge. This breakthrough upset the long-held notion that atoms were the basic unit of matter.
As with the discoveries in chemistry, these 19th-century discoveries in physics proved to have immense practical value, and no one proved more adept at harnessing these discoveries than the prolific Thomas Edison.
Working from his laboratories in Menlo Park, New Jersey, Edison devised the carbon-granule microphone in 1877, which greatly improved the recently invented telephone. He also invented the phonograph, the electric light bulb, several kinds of batteries, and the electric meter.
During his life, Edison was granted over one thousand patents, a phenomenal feat for a man of no formal schooling.
Earth Sciences and Astronomy
When it comes to the earth sciences, the 19th century was a time of controversy. Scientists were debating, and not always amicably, the Earth's age. Estimates ranged from less than 100,000 years to several hundred million years.
In astronomy, greatly improved optical instruments enabled important discoveries to be made. For example, the first observation of an asteroid, Ceres, took place in 1801.
Also, astronomers had long noticed that Uranus exhibited an unusual orbit. French astronomer Urbain Jean Joseph Leverrier now predicted that another planet nearby was the cause of this. By mathematical calculations, he narrowed down where in the sky such a planet would be located, and in 1846, with the help of German astronomer Johann Galle, Leverrier actually discovered Neptune.
The Irish astronomer William Parsons, the third Earl of Rosse, became the first person to see the spiral form of galaxies beyond our own solar system. He did this with the Leviathan, a 183-cm (72-in) reflecting telescope, built on the grounds of his estate in Parsonstown (now Birr), Ireland, in the 1840s. His observations were hampered by Ireland's damp and cloudy climate, but his gigantic telescope remained the world's largest for over 70 years.
Life Sciences
During the 19th century, the study of microorganisms became increasingly important, particularly after French biologist Louis Pasteur revolutionized medicine by correctly deducing that some microorganisms are involved in disease.
In the 1880s, Pasteur devised methods of immunizing people against diseases by deliberately treating them with weakened forms of the disease-causing organisms themselves. Pasteurs vaccine against rabies was a milestone in the field of immunization, and was one of the most effective forms, if not the most effective form, of preventive medicine the world had ever seen.
In the area of industrial science, Pasteur also invented the process of pasteurization to help prevent the spread of disease through milk and other foods.
Also during the 19th century, the Austrian monk Gregor Mendel laid the foundations of genetics, although his work, published in 1866, was not recognized until about forty years later.
But when it comes to towering scientific giants of the 19th century, none towers higher than Charles Darwin. His publication of On the Origin of Species in 1859 marked a major turning point for both biology and human thought.
Darwins theory of evolution by natural selection (independently and simultaneously developed by British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace) initiated a violent controversy that still has yet to subside. Particularly controversial was Darwins theory that humans resulted from a long process of biological evolution from apelike ancestors.
As might be expected, the greatest opposition to Darwins ideas came from those who believed that the Bible was an exact and literal statement of the origin of the world and of humans, and that science need look no further.
Still, although the general public initially castigated Darwins ideas, by the late 1800s most biologists had accepted that evolution occurred pretty much along the lines proposed by Darwin.
Modern Science
Building upon the amazing progress of the 19th century, the 20th century saw continued and spectacular advances in all scientific fields, including genetics, medicine, social sciences, technology, and physics.
Genetics
At the dawn of the 20th century, the life sciences made explosive progress. For one, Mendel's work in genetics was rediscovered in 1900, and by 1910 biologists had (correctly) deduced that the postulated genes were located in chromosomes, the threadlike structures that contain proteins and deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA).
In the 1940s, American biochemists discovered that DNA taken from one kind of bacterium could influence the characteristics of another. From these experiments, it grew increasingly clear that DNA is the chemical that makes up genes and thus the key to heredity.
After American biochemist James Watson and British biophysicist Francis Crick finally established the structure of DNA in 1953, geneticists were now able to map heredity in chemical terms. Since then, progress in this field has been nothing short of astounding. Not only have scientists identified the complete genome, or genetic catalog, of the human body, but now also know how individual genes are activated and what effects they have in the human body.
In the bio-labs, genes can now be transferred from one species to another, side-stepping the normal processes of heredity and so creating hybrid organisms that are unknown in the natural world. This, of course, has sparked, and continues to spark wide controversy since there is no way of telling which guns are loaded and which guns are not.
Medicine
As we entered the 20th century, Dutch physician Christiaan Eijkman showed that disease can be caused not only by microorganisms but by a dietary deficiency of certain substances we now call vitamins, a very healthy discovery that has also spawned its own industry.
In 1909 German bacteriologist Paul Ehrlich introduced the world's first bactericide, a chemical designed to kill specific kinds of bacteria without killing the patient's cells as well.
Then, following the discovery of penicillin in 1928 by British bacteriologist Sir Alexander Fleming, antibiotics joined medicines chemical armory, making the fight against bacterial infection almost a routine matter.
While these antibiotics cannot act against viruses, ever since Pasteur discovered vaccines (a weak strain of the disease itself injected to stimulate the bodys own production of effective antibodies) in the 1880s, they have been used to great effect to prevent some of the deadliest viral diseases.
Smallpox, once a worldwide killer, was pronounced completely eradicated by the late 1970s, and the United States saw the number of polio cases drop from 38,000 in the 1950s to less than 10 a year by the 21st century thanks to effective vaccines.
By the middle of the 20th century, scientists believed they were well on the way to treating, preventing, or eradicating most of the most deadly infectious diseases that had plagued humankind for centuries. By the 1980s, however, the medical communitys confidence in its ability to control infectious diseases had been shaken by the emergence of new types of disease-causing microorganisms. New cases of tuberculosis developed, caused by bacteria strains that were resistant to antibiotics. New, deadly infections for which there was no known cure also appeared, including the viruses that cause hemorrhagic fever and the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the cause of acquired immunodeficiency syndromea disease that has yet to find a definite cure.
In other fields of medicine, new imaging techniques, including magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomography, revolutionized the diagnosis of disease. Scientists also tried to cure some diseases by gene therapy, where the insertion of normal or genetically altered genes into a patients cells replaces nonfunctional or missing genes. The jury is still out on this, still controversial, approach.
Improved drugs and new tools have also made surgical operations that were once considered impossible routine.
For instance, drugs that suppress the immune system now enable the transplant of organs or tissues with a reduced risk of rejection. Endoscopy permits the diagnosis and surgical treatment of a wide variety of ailments using minimally invasive surgery.
Advances in high-speed fiber-optic connections permit surgery on a patient using robotic instruments controlled by surgeons at another location. Known as telemedicine, this form of medicine makes it possible for skilled physicians to treat patients in remote locations or places that lack medical help.
Social Sciences
During the 20th century, the social sciences emerged from relative obscurity to become prominent fields of research.
Early in the century, the Austrian physician Sigmund Freud founded the practice of psychoanalysis, creating a revolution in psychology that led him to be called the Copernicus of the mind.
In 1948 the American biologist Alfred Kinsey published Sexual Behavior in the Human Male, which proved to be one of the best-selling scientific works of all time. Although criticized for his methodology and conclusions, Kinsey succeeded in making human sexuality an acceptable subject for scientific research. 
The 20th century also saw dramatic discoveries in the field of anthropology, with new fossil finds helping to piece together the story of human evolution.
A new and surprising source of anthropological information arrived with studies of the DNA in mitochondriacell structures that provide energy to fuel the cells activities. Mitochondrial DNA has since been used to not only track certain genetic diseases but also to trace the ancestry of a variety of organisms, including humans.
Technology
Some claim, and I dont think incorrectly, that the modern technological era started in 1901 when the Italian electrical engineer Guglielmo Marconi sent his first radio signal across the Atlantic Ocean, a feat for which he received the Nobel Prize in 1909.
Hard on those heels, in 1906, the American inventor Lee De Forest invented what is properly called the triode, but which everyone calls the vacuum tube. The vacuum tube was to become one, if not the, key component in nearly all early radio, radar, television, and computer systems.
A handful of years later, in 1920, the Scottish engineer John Logie Baird developed the Baird Televisor, a primitive television that provided the first transmission of a recognizable moving image. Based on Bairds invention, during the next decade or so, the American electronics engineer Vladimir Kosma Zworykin improved the televisions picture and reception to the point where it began to resemble what we are now used to, and so laid the foundation for a news and entertainment industry that has only grown since then.
Shortly before the Second World War, in 1935, the British physicist Sir Robert Watson-Watt deployed radio waves to reflect from and so locate aircraft in flight. Radar signals, as they were soon called, have since been reflected from the moon, planets, and stars to learn their distance from Earth and to track their movements.
Shortly after the Second World War, in the now famous Bell Laboratories in New Jersey, the American physicists John Bardeen, Walter Brattain, and William Shockley invented the transistor, an electronic device used to control or amplify an electrical currentpretty much what the triode did. However, the transistor was much smaller, and was far less expensive to manufacture than the triode. It also required less power to operate, and was considerably more reliable than the triodeswho by now could see the writing on the wall, for since their first commercial use in hearing aids in 1952, transistors have replaced triodes in virtually all applications.
Mid-century, the transistor found another home, and by now computers were built using transistors rather than triodes. Earlier computers, such as the electronic numerical integrator and computer (ENIAC)first introduced in 1946 by American physicist John W. Mauchly and American electrical engineer John Presper Eckert, Jr.used as many as 18,000 triodes and filled a large room.
The transistor changed all that by sparking microminiaturization, in which individual electronic circuits are reduced to microscopic, if not atomic, size. This trend drastically reduced not only the computers size and cost, but also its power requirements, which eventually led to electronic circuits with processing speeds measured in billions of computations per second.
By the early 1970s, continued miniaturization led to the first microprocessor, which in essence is a computer on a chip. Combined with other specialized chips, the microprocessor became the central arithmetic and logic unit of a computer smaller in size than a portable typewriter.
By the 1990s, with their small size and a price less than that of a used car, these personal computers were many times more powerful than the physically huge, multimillion-dollar computers of the 1950s.
By now, these computersfaithfully adhering to Moores law, which states that the number of transistors on an integrated circuit will double every four years, while the cost will halvehave reduced in size to that of a small wallet, and could be made a lot smaller were that a practical way to go. Instead of reducing the size, however, the computing power of our current handheld computers, such as the Mortimer, would match that of, say, one hundred mainframe computers of the 1960s.
Today, computer are, of course, used by virtually everyone on our planet, not the least to interface with worldwide communications networks, such as the Internet and the World Wide Web, to send and receive e-mail, to shop, or to find information on just about any subject.
Space Exploration
The early 1950s saw increasing public interest in space exploration. Some say that the seminal event, the event that sparked the space age, was the International Geophysical Year from July 1957 to December 1958, during which hundreds of scientists around the world coordinated their efforts to measure the Earths near-space environment. During, and as part of, this study, both the United States and the then Soviet Union announced that they would launch artificial satellites into orbit for nonmilitary, exploratory, purposes.
The Soviet Unionmuch to the embarrassment of the United States, beat its American rivals to the punch, and when they launched the first Sputnik satellite in 1957, this feat spurred the United States to intensify its own space exploration efforts, and so, in 1958, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) was founded for the purpose of developing human spaceflight.
NASA then went on to design, manufacture, test, and eventually use the Saturn rocket and the Apollo spacecraft for the first manned landing on the Moon in 1969, and during the 1960s and 1970s, also designed and built the first robotic space probes to explore the planets Mercury, Venus, and Mars.
NASA then focused its efforts on a reusable space shuttle, which was first deployed in 1981. In 1998 this space shuttle, along with Soyuz, its Russian counterpart, enabled the construction of the now defunct International Space Station.
Quantum Physics
It was in the year 1900 that the German physicist Max Planck proposed the then sensational idea that energy is always given off in set amounts, or quanta. Five years later, Albert Einstein successfully used quanta to explain the photoelectric effect, which is the release of electrons when metals are bombarded by light.
This, together with Einstein's special and general theories of relativity, challenged some of the most fundamental assumptions of the Newtonian era.
Unlike the laws of classical physics, quantum theory deals with events that occur on the smallest of scales, and explains how subatomic particles form atoms, and how atoms interact when they combine to form chemical compounds.
In fact, quantum theory deals with a world where the attributes of any single particle can never be fully knownan idea known as the uncertainty principle, put forward by the German physicist Werner Heisenberg in 1927.
But while the subatomic level appears a sea of uncertainty, quantum physics does successfully predict the overall outcome of subatomic events, a fact that definitely relates it to the macroscopic worldthat is, the one in which we live.
In 1934, Enrico Fermi began a series of experiments in which he used neutrons (subatomic particles without an electric charge) to bombard atoms of various elements, including uranium. The neutrons combined with the nuclei of the uranium atoms to produce what he thought were elements heavier than uranium, known as transuranium elements.
In 1939, however, some of his fellow physicists demonstrated that in these experiments Fermi had not formed heavier elements, but instead had managed to split the uranium atom's nucleus, a feat that eventually led to fission as both an energy source and a weapon.
These experiments and studies, along with the development of particle accelerators in the 1950s, initiated a long expedition into the nature of subatomic particles, a journey that continues today.
Scientists now know that, far from being indivisible, atoms are made up of at least 12 fundamental particles known as quarks and leptons, which combine in different ways to constitute all matter currently known.
Cosmology
The advances in particle physics are closely linked to similar advances in cosmology. From the 1920s onward, when the American astronomer Edwin Hubble showed that the universe is indeed still expanding, cosmologists have sought to rewind the clock and so determine how the universe began.
Today, most scientists hold that our universe started with a cosmic explosion (the Big Bang) sometime between 10 and 20 billion years ago, but the scientific jury is still out as to the exact sequence of events surrounding the birth of the universe.
The Path of Science
I believe the Greeks, more than the Mesopotamians, the Egyptians or the Chinese, took the right approach when they approached Truth as Truth, and let their curiosity take them wherever it would.
Howeverand as this whirlwind journey up science history showswhen Science finally gained traction in the West, she was pragmatism and profit personified, and had morphed from being curious about the Earth to a What have you done for us lately? mentality which today has spiraled, and continues to spiral, out of control.
Lets take a look the next path.

:: Philosophy ::
I believe a good way to approach philosophyby now a vast subjectis to break it down into its three main wellsprings: that of the West (Europe, and, later on, America), that of China, and that of India.
Western Philosophy
Philosophy (again, from the Greek philosophia, love of wisdom), is defined as the rational and critical inquiry into basic principles, and is often divided into four main branches: metaphysics, the investigation of ultimate reality; epistemology, the study of the origins, validity, and limits of knowledge; ethics, the study of the nature of morality and judgment; and aesthetics, the study of the nature of beauty in the fine arts.
However, as practiced by the ancient Greeks, the term philosophy meant the pursuit of knowledge of whatever kind, for its own sake. At that time, philosophy comprised all areas of speculative thought and included not only the arts, but sciences and religion as well.
Later, as special methods and principles were developed in the various areas of knowledge, each acquired its own philosophical aspect, giving rise to the separate cognitive disciplines of art, of science, and of religion.
Greek Philosophy
As I briefly touched upon earlier, western philosophy is generally considered to have begun in ancient Greece as speculation about the underlying nature of the physical world. In its earliest form it was indistinguishable from natural science.  Unfortunately, the writings of the earliest philosophers are no longer available to us, except for a few fragments cited by Aristotle in the 4th century BCE (who did have access) and by other writers of later times.
The Ionian School
The first Western philosopher of any historical record was Thales, who lived in the 6th century BCE Miletus, a city on the Ionian coast of Asia Minor. Thales, who was revered by later generations as one of the Seven Wise Men of Greece, was curious about most things, specifically astronomical, physical, and meteorological phenomena.
His scientific investigations and speculations led to the postulate that all natural phenomena are but different forms of one fundamental substance. This fundamental substance he believed to be water. Why water? He had observed water's evaporation and condensation and assumed this to be a universal process, involving all forms and substances.
Anaximander was a disciple of Thales, and a bright one at that. He concluded that the first principle from which all things evolve is an intangible, invisible, infinite substance that he called apeiron, the boundless. This substance, he maintained, is eternal and indestructible. Out of its ceaseless motion the more familiar substances, such as warmth, cold, earth, air, and fire, continuously evolve, generating in turn the various objects and organisms that make up the recognizable world.
Anaximander also taught that life as we know it began in water, and that humans originated from fish, predating Darwin by a good two thousand years.
The third great Ionian philosopher of the 6th century BCE, Anaximenes, returned to Thales assumption that the primary substance must be something familiar and material, but he held this substance to be air rather than water.
He also held that the observable changes things undergo could be explained by rarefaction (thinning) and condensation (solidification) of air. Thus Anaximenes was, in fact, the first philosopher to explain differences in quality in terms of differences in size or quantity, a method that later grew fundamental to physical science.
As a whole, the Ionian school took the initial, and radical step from mythological to scientific explanation of natural phenomena. It also laid the groundwork for the important scientific principles of the permanence of substance, the natural evolution of the world, andrightly or wronglythe reduction of quality to quantity.
The Pythagorean School
About 530 BCE at Croton (now Crotona), in southern Italy, the philosopher Pythagoras founded a school of philosophy far more religious and mystical than the Ionian school. Pythagoras merged the mythological and the scientific.
The resulting system of philosophy (Pythagoreanism) combined ethical, supernatural, and mathematical beliefs with ascetic rules, such as obedience and silence and simplicity of dress and possessions.
Pythagoras and his followers practiced a way of life based on the belief that the soul is a prisoner of the body, is released from the body at death, and migrates into a succession of different kinds of animals before reincarnation into a human being. For this reason Pythagoras taught his followers not to eat meat, for there was no way of telling whom you might be eating.
Pythagoras also held that humanitys highest purposeand all else was incidental or secondarywas to purify the soul by cultivating intellectual virtues, refraining from sensual pleasures, and by practicing special religious rituals.
The Pythagoreans, having discovered the mathematical laws of musical pitch (reducing the length of a vibrating string by exactly half, raises the pitch of the string by exactly an octave), inferred that the motions of the planets produced a heavenly music, and based on this developed a musical therapy to bring humanity in harmony with the celestial spheres.
Pythagoras also held that science was mathematics, there was no other science, and that all things were made up of numbers and geometrical figures. A brilliant man, he and his followers contributed greatly to science, mathematics, musical theory, and astronomy.
The Heraclitean School
Around 500 BCE, Heraclitus of Ephesus took up the Ionian search for a primary substance, which he claimed to be fire.
Noticing that heat produces changes in matter, he anticipated the modern theory of energy. Heraclitus also held the Buddhist view that all things are in a state of continuous flux, that stability is an illusion, and that only change and the law of change, what he termed Logos, are real.
The Logos doctrine of Heraclitus, which held the laws of nature to be the Divine Mind, later developed into the pantheistic theology of Stoicism. (Pantheism is the view that God and material substance are one, and that divinity, therefore, is present in all things.)
The Eleatic School
In the 5th century BCE, Parmenides founded a school of philosophy at Elea, a Greek colony on the Italian peninsula that took the opposite view of Heraclitus when it came to universal stability and change.
Parmenides held that the universe, or the state of being, is an indivisible, unchanging, spherical entity and that the notion of change or diversity is self-contradictory. All that exists, according to Parmenides, has no beginning and has no end and is not subject to change over time. Nothing, he claimed, can be truly asserted except that being is.
Zeno of Elea, a disciple of Parmenides, tried to prove (though not all that successfully) this unity of being by arguing that the notion change, diversity, and motion leads to logical paradoxes. The paradoxes of Zeno later became famous intellectual puzzles that philosophers and logicians since then have tried to solve.
The problem of logical consistency, a major concern of the Eleatics, was later to form the basis of the sub-science of logic.
The Pluralists
The speculation about the world around us begun by the Ionians was, again, taken up in the 5th century BCE by Empedocles and Anaxagoras, whoputting their heads togetherpostulated that rather than the Ionians single primary substance, there were several.
Empedocles held that all things are composed of four elements, each irreducible: air, water, earth, and fire (another Buddhist view), which are then combined and separated by the two opposing forces of love and strife.
That, he maintained, is how the world evolves from chaos to form and back to chaos again, in an eternal cycle.
Empedocles regarded this eternal cycle as the true object of religious worship and denigrated the popular belief in personal deities.
However, Empedocles, though often asked to, failed to explain how the familiar objects of experience could develop from elements that so different from them.
Here, Anaxagoras weighed in with the suggestion that all things are, in fact, composed of very small particles, or seeds, which exist in infinite variety. To explain how these particles combine to constitute the objects that make up the familiar world, Anaxagoras postulated the existence of a world mind that separates and combines these particles.
It was his concept of elemental particles that eventually led to the atomic theory of matter.
The Atomists
It was a natural, and not very large step from pluralism to atomismthe theory that all matter is composed of tiny, indivisible particles differing only in simple physical properties such as size, shape, and weight.
As I mentioned above, this step was taken in the 4th century BCE by Leucippus and his more famous associate Democritus, who is generally credited with the first systematic formulation of an atomic theory of matter.
The fundamental postulate of Democritus atomic theory is that matter is not infinitely divisible but is composed of a small sea of indivisible particles too small for the human eye (or any other sense, for that matter) to detect.
Democritus view of nature was thoroughly materialistic, explaining, as he did, all natural phenomena purely by the number, shape, and size of atoms. This way he reduced the sensory qualities of thingswarmth, cold, taste, and odorto quantitative differences among atoms, to differences in amount or size.
To Democritus, there was no spirit or soul. Rather, he explained the higher forms of existence, such as plant and animal life and even human thought, in these purely physical terms as well and applied his atomic theory to not only psychology and physiology, but to theory of knowledge, ethics, and politics as well, and so presented the first comprehensive statement of deterministic materialismthe theory that holds that all aspects of existence are wholly determined by physical laws.
The ultimate materialist, in other words.
The Sophists
Toward the end of the 5th century BCE, a generation of itinerant teachers who came to be known as the Sophists made a name for themselves through Greeceespecially for their role in the evolution of the Greek city-states from agrarian monarchies into commercial democracies.
Over the previous century or so, Greek industry and commerce had taken hold and created a class of nouveau riche, economically powerful merchants who by now had begun to wield political power. However, lacking the formal education of the aristocrats (who had little else to do), they sought to prepare themselves (and their offspring) for politics and commerce by paying these Sophists for instruction in public speaking, legal argument, and general culture.
As with most areas of life, theres bad with the good, and although the good Sophists made valuable contributions to Greek thought, the group as a whole (i.e., the bad ones) acquired a reputation for deceit, insincerity, and demagoguery, and this is where we get the word sophistry (meaning false or insincere reasoning) from.
Protagoras, one of the leading Sophists and, in my view, one of the more reputable (if not entirely good) ones, sets the tone of the Sophist school with his famous aphorism, that man is the measure of all things. With that he meant that individuals have the right to judge all matters for themselves.
Indeed, Protagoras denied the existence of objective knowledge, arguing instead that truth is wholly subjective in that different things are true for different people and in that there is no way to prove that one persons beliefs are objectively correct and anothers are incorrect.
Pragmatic to the core, Protagoras also asserted that natural science and theology were of little or no value to people because they have no impact on daily life, and he concluded that ethical rules need be followed only when it is to ones practical advantage to do so.
Socrates
Most everyone has heard of Socrates, possibly the greatest philosophical personality in western history. He lived from 469 to 399 BCE, but left no written works and is, in fact, only known through the writings of his students, especially those of his most famous pupil, Plato.
Socrates taught by philosophical dialogue, and held that the philosophers task was to provoke people into thinking for themselves, rather than to teach them anything they did not already know. This got him in hot water with the parents of those he taught, and he was eventually found guilty of corrupting the minds of youth, and for this he was sentenced to death.
Even though given a chance to save himself, he refused, and preferred to down the famous hemlock.
Socrates did not develop a systematic doctrine but, rather, a method of thinking and a way of life. He stressed the need for analytical examination of ones beliefs, the need for clear definitions of basic concepts, and the need for a rational and critical approach to ethical problems.
Also, unlike the perhaps a little too pragmatic Sophists, Socrates refused to accept payment for his teachings, maintaining that he had no positive knowledge to offer except the awareness of the need for more knowledge.
Socrates also heldand eagerly pointed outthat in matters of morality, it is best to seek out genuine knowledge by exposing false pretensions. Ignorance, he claimed, is the true source of evil, so it therefore improper to act out of ignorance or to accept moral instruction from those who have not proven their own wisdom.
Instead of relying blindly on authority, he maintained, we should unceasingly question our own beliefs and the beliefs of others in order to seek out genuine wisdom. This, of course, is what got him in trouble with the powers that be.
Socrates also held, and taught, that every person has within his or her soul, full knowledge of ultimate truth, and needs only to be spurred to conscious reflection to become aware of it. In Platos dialogue Meno, for example, Socrates guides an untutored slave to the formulation of the Pythagorean theorem, and so demonstrates that such knowledge is innate in the soul, rather than learned.
Socrates Cave
In the famous parable of the cavewhich tells of mankind fettered in a dark cave, back to the fire that blazes between them and the openingSocrates shows that the dwellers of this den can see only the shadows of puppets, which are themselves only imitations of really living things. That is, they see only the appearances of material things, not their true nature. The shadows which they are accustomed to observe, appear more real than the puppets that caused them.
This is how Plato related this particular exchange between Socrates and his student:
And now, Socrates said, let me show in a figure how far our nature is enlightened or unenlightened. Behold! human beings living in an underground den, which has a mouth open toward the light and reaching all along the den; here they have been from their childhood, and have their legs and necks chained so that they cannot move, and can only see before them, being prevented by the chains from turning round their heads. Above and behind them a fire is blazing at a distance, and between the fire and the prisoners there is a raised way; and you will see, if you look, a low wall built along the way, like the screen which marionette players have in front of them, over which they show the puppets.
I see, said his student.
And do you see, Socrates said, men passing along the wall carrying all sorts of vessels, and statues and figures of animals made of wood and stone and various materials, which appear over the wall? Some of them are talking others silent.
You have shown me a strange image, and they are strange prisoners.
Like ourselves, replied Socrates, who then asked: And what do they see if not their own shadows, or the shadows of one another, which the fire throws on the opposite wall of the cave?
True, said his student, how could they see anything but the shadows if they were never allowed to move their heads?
And of the objects which are being carried in like manner they would only see the shadows?
Of course, said his student.
And if they were able to converse with one another, would they not suppose that they were naming what was actually before them?
Yes, of course.
And suppose further that the prison had an echo which came from the other side, would they not be sure to fancy when one of the passers-by spoke that the voice which they heard came from the passing shadows?
Yes, no question, replied the student.
To them, said Socrates, the truth would be literally nothing but the shadows of the images, and the sounds of echoes.
Yes, that is certain.
And now look again, and see what will naturally follow if the prisoners are released and disabused of their error. At first, when any of them is liberated and compelled suddenly to stand up and turn his neck round and walk and look towards the light, he will suffer sharp pains; the glare will distress him, and he will be unable to see the realities of which in his former state he had seen the shadows; and then conceive someone saying to him that what he saw before was an illusion, but that now, when he is approaching nearer to being and his eye is turned towards more real existence, he has a clearer vision. What will be his reply? And you may further imagine that his instructor is pointing to the objects as they pass and requiring him to name them, will he not be perplexed? Will he not fancy that the shadows which he formerly saw are truer than the objects which are now shown to him?
Far truer.
And if he is compelled to look straight at the light, will he not have a pain in his eyes which will make him turn away to take refuge in the objects of vision which he can see, and which he will conceive to be in reality clearer that the things which are now being shown to him?
True," his student replied.
And suppose once more, that he is reluctantly dragged up a steep and rugged ascent, and held fast until he is forced into the presence of the sun himself, is he not likely to be pained and irritated? When he approaches the light his eyes will be dazzled, and he will not be able to see anything at all of what are now called realities.
Not all in a moment, said the student.
He will require to grow accustomed to the sight of the upper world. And first he will see the shadows best, next the reflections of men and others objects in the water, and then the objects themselves; then he will gaze upon the light of the moon and the stars and the spangled heaven; and he will see the sky and the stars by night better than the sun or the light of the sun by day?
Yes, certainly.
Last of all he will be able to see the sun, and not mere reflections of him in the water, but he will see him in his own proper place, and not in another; and he will contemplate him as he is.
Certainly.
He will then proceed to argue that this is he who gives the season and the years, and is the guardian of all that is in the visible world, and is a certain way the cause of all things which he and his fellows have been accustomed to behold?
Clearly, said his student. He would first see the sun and then reason about him.
And when he remembered his old habitation, and the wisdom of the den and his fellow prisoners, do you not suppose that he would felicitate himself on the change, and pity them?
Yes, he would.
And if they were in the habit of conferring honors among themselves on those who were quickest to observe the passing shadows and to remark which of them went before, and which followed after, and which were together; and who were therefore best able to draw conclusions as to the future, do you think that he would care for such honors and glories, or envy the possessors of them? Would he not say with Homer, Better to be the poor servant of a poor master, and to endure anything, rather than think as they do and live after their manner?
Yes, he said. I think that he would rather suffer anything than entertain these false notions and live in this miserable manner again.
Imagine once more," said Socrates, such a one coming suddenly out of the sun to be replaced in his old situation; would he not be certain to have his eyes full of darkness?
To be sure.
And if there were a contest, and he had to compete in measuring the shadows with the prisoners who had never moved out of the den, while his sight was still weak, and before his eyes had become steady (and the time which would be needed to acquire this new habit of sight might be very considerable), would he not be ridiculous? Men would say of him that up he went and down he came without his eyes; and that it was better not even to think of ascending; and if any one tried to lose another and lead him up to the light, let them only catch the offender, and they would put him to death.
No question, he said.
This entire allegory," said Socrates, you may now append to the previous argument: The prison house is the world of sight, the light of the fire is the sun, and you will not misapprehend me if you interpret the journey upwards to be the ascent of the soul into the intellectual world according to my poor belief, which, at your desire, I have expressedwhether rightly or wrongly, God knows.
But, whether true or false, my opinion is that in the world of knowledge the idea of good appears last of all, and is seen only with an effort; and, when seen, is also inferred to be universal author of all things beautiful and right, parent of light and of the lord of light in this visible world, and the immediate source of reason and truth in the intellectual; and that this is the power upon which he who would act rationally either in public or private life must have his eye fixed.
I agree, he answered. As far as I am able to understand you.
Moreover, said Socrates. You must not wonder that those who attain to this beatific vision are unwilling to descend to human affairs; for their souls are never hastening into the upper world where they desire to dwell; which desire of theirs is very natural, if our allegory may be trusted.
Yes, very natural.
And is there anything surprising in one who passes from divine contemplations to the evil state of man, misbehaving himself in a ridiculous manner; if, while his eyes are blinking and before he has become accustomed to the surrounding darkness, he is compelled to fight in courts of law, or in other places, about the images or the shadows of images of justice, and is endeavoring to meet the conceptions of those who have never yet seen absolute justice?
Anything but surprising, replied his student.
No wonder the powers that be assumed their world would be safer with one less Socrates in it.
Plato
Plato, who, our records show, lived from around 428 to 347 BCE, was a more systematic thinker than Socrates, but his writings, particularly the earlier dialogues, are usually seen as a continuation and elaboration of Socratic insights.
Like Socrates, Plato regarded ethics as the highest branch of knowledge and stressed the intellectual basis of virtue, identifying virtue with wisdom an almost Buddhist conceptleading to the so-called Socratic paradox that, as Socrates asserts in the Protagoras, no wise man does evil voluntarily.
The foundation of Platos philosophy is the theory of Ideas, sometimes referred to as the doctrine of Forms. The theory of Ideas, as expressed in many of his dialoguesparticularly the Republic and the Parmenidesdivides existence into two realms: an intelligible realm of perfect, eternal, and invisible Ideas, or Forms, and a sensible realm of concrete, familiar objects.
Trees, stones, human bodies, and other objects that can are perceived and known through the senses are for Plato unreal, shadowy, and imperfect copies of the Ideas of tree, stone, and the human body, which can only be seen by the inner eye.
He arrived at this conclusion through his high standard of knowledge, a standard that all genuine objects of knowledge be described without contradiction. Because all objects perceived by the senses undergo change, an assertion made about such objects at one time will not be true a second later, if for no other reason than that it is now in a different time.
According to Plato, sensible realm objects are therefore not entirely real and any beliefs derived from experience of such objects are vague and unreliable, whereas the principles of mathematics and philosophy, discovered by inner meditation on the Ideas, constitute the only knowledge worthy of the name.
This view is represented by the Socratic cave (see above), where humanity is shown as imprisoned in a cave with a fire burning between them and the opening of this case, and mistaking shadows on the wall for reality. Plate saw the philosopher as the person who penetrates to the world outside the cave of ignorance and, by entering the world of sunlinght, achieves a vision of the true reality, the realm of Ideas.
Platos concept of the Absolute Idea of the Good, which is the highest Form and includes all others, has been a main source of pantheistic and mystical religious doctrines in Western culture.
Platos theory of Ideas and knowledge formed the foundation for his ethical and social idealism according to which the realm of eternal Ideas provides the standards or ideals according to which all objects and actions should be judged. The philosopher, who, rising above them, thus refrains from sensual pleasures and who instead searches for knowledge of abstract principles, and who finds in these ideals the basis for personal behavior and social institutions.
According to Plato, personal virtue springs from a harmonious relation among the three parts of the soul: reason, emotion, and desire. Social justice likewise is made up of harmony among the classes of society. The ideal state of a sound mind in a sound body requires that the intellect control the desires and passions, as the ideal state of society requires that the wisest individuals rule the pleasure-seeking masses.
Truth, beauty, and justice all meet in the Idea of the Good; therefore, art that expresses moral values is the best art. In his rather conservative social program, Plato supported the censorship of art forms that he believed corrupted the young and promoted social injustice, not a bad idea if you consider what passes for art these days.
Aristotle
Aristotle, who in 367 BCE began his studies at Platos Academy at age 17, was Platos most illustrious pupil and also ranks with his teacher among the most profound and influential thinkers of the Western world.
After studying for many years at Platos Academy, Aristotle went on to become the tutor of Alexander the Great. That task done, he then returned to Athens to found the Lyceum, a school that, like Platos Academy, for centuries remained one of the great centers of learning in Greece, if not in the world.
In his lectures at the Lyceum, Aristotle defined the basic concepts and principles of many of the sciences, such as logic, biology, physics, and psychology, and in delineating and founding the science of logic, he developed the theory of deductive inferencea process for drawing conclusions from accepted premises by means of logical reasoning. His theory is exemplified by the syllogism (a deductive argument having two premises and a conclusion), and a set of rules for scientific method.
But Aristotle was not above disagreeing with his illustrious teacher, and in his metaphysical theory, Aristotle took more than one shot at Platos theory of Forms. Aristotle argued that there was no such thing as matter-less forms that they could not exist by themselves but could only exist in particular thingsthings which always are composed of both form and matter.
He understood substances as matter organized by a particular form. Humans, he pointed out as an example, are composed of flesh and blood arranged to shape arms, legs, and the other parts of the body. In other words, he held that there is not ideal human Form without the actual human to represent it.
Nature, for Aristotle, is an organic system of many things whose forms, be they simple or complex, make it possible to arrange them into classes comprising species and genera. He held that each species has a form, a purpose, and a mode of development by which it can be defined.
The aim of science, he went on to profess, is to define the essential forms, purposes, and modes of development of all species and to arrange them in their natural order in accordance with their complexities of form, the main levels of which, in his view, were the inanimate (such as rocks and water), the vegetative, the animal, and the rational (i.e., manwho he saw as the highest order of nature on Earth).
While Aristotle defines the soul as the form of the body, for him the soul or spirit does not really exist. Whereas Socrates and Plate held concepts that we might call other-worldly, Aristotle was firmly anchored in Terra Firma, if you couldnt touch it, or measure it, it simply did not exist, Socrates and Plato notwithstanding.
Aristotle also held that the heavenly bodieswhich he saw as composed of an imperishable substance, or ether, and moved eternally in perfect circular motion by Godwere a higher order of nature than humans.
This hierarchical classification of nature was later adopted by many Christian, Jewish, and Muslim theologians of the Middle Ages as a view of nature consistent with their religious beliefs.
Aristotles political and ethical philosophy also grew out of a critical examination of Platos principles (where would Aristotle have been without a Plato to negate?). The standards of personal and social behavior, according to Aristotle, can only be derived from a scientific study of the natural tendencies of individuals and societies, and can never be found in a heavenly or abstract realm of pure formsagain displaying his non-comprehension of Socrates and Platos knowledge of the soul.
As a result, Aristotle was less insistent than Socrates or Plato on a rigorous conformity to absolute principles. In fact, Aristotle regarded ethical rules only as practical guides to a happy and well-rounded life.
It might well have been that Aristotle developed his principles with one ear to the Platonic ground and the other to the popular views of the time, especially since his emphasis on happiness, as the active fulfillment of natural capacities, expressed the attitude toward life held by cultivated Greeks of his time.
In political theory, Aristotle finally agreed with Plato that a monarchy ruled by a wise king would be the ideal political structure, but he also held that societies differ in their needs and traditions, and he maintained that a limited democracy is usually the best compromise.
When it came to knowledge, Aristotle again rejected the Platonic notion that knowledge is innate and instead insisted that knowledge can only be acquired by generalization from experience.
Finally, he saw art as a means of pleasure and intellectual enlightenment rather than an instrument of moral education.
As I said, where would Aristotle have been without a Plato to negate?
Hellenistic and Roman Philosophy
From the 4th century BCE, which is about when the classical Greeks bowed out, to the rise of Christian philosophy in the 4th century CE, Epicureanism, Stoicism, Skepticism, and Neoplatonism were the main philosophical schools in the Western world.
Interest in natural science declined steadily over these eight centuries, and these schools concerned themselves primarily ethics and religion.
These centuries were also a period of intense intercultural contact, and many Western philosophers were influenced by ideas brought back from, or encountered by traveling to, India (Buddhism), Persia (Zoroastrianism), and Palestine (Judaism).
Epicureanism
In the year 306 BCE, Epicurus founded a philosophical school in the garden of his Athens homewhich is why his followers became known as philosophers of the garden.
His philosophy adopted the atomistic physics of Democritus, but he also allowed for an element of chance in the physical world by postulating that atoms sometimes swerve in unpredictable ways, and so actually foretelling quantum physics.
Epicuruss philosophy aimed to promote human happiness by removing the fear of death. He further held that natural science only has value if it can be used to make practical decisions that help humans achieve the maximum amount of pleasurewhich he then went on to define as gentle motion and the absence of pain.
We know of Epicurus teachings primarily through Lucretius philosophical poem De Rerum Natura (On the Nature of Things) written in the 1st CE. One could say that Lucretius singlehandedly resurrected Epicurus, and then popularized him in Rome.
Stoicism
The Stoic school, which was founded in Athens around 310 BCE by Zeno of Citium, grew out of the earlier Cynics movement, which rejected social institutions and material (worldly) values.
Stoicism grew to become the most influential school of the Greco-Roman world and produced such remarkable writers and personalities as the Greek slave and philosopher Epictetus in the 1st century CE and the 2nd-century Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius, who was famous for his wisdom and nobility of character.
Stoicism holds that one can achieve freedom and tranquility only by rising above and becoming insensitive to material comforts and external fortune, and by so dedicating oneself to a life of virtue and wisdom.
The Stoics followed Heraclitus in holding the primary substance to be fire and in worshiping the Logos, which they identified with the energy, law, reason, and divine guidance found throughout nature.
The Stoics also argued that nature was a system designed by divine beings and they taught that humans should therefore strive to live in accordance with nature.
The Stoic doctrine that each person is part of God and that all people form a universal family was instrumental in breaking down national, social, and racial barriers and so prepared the way for the spread of Christianity.
The Stoic doctrine of natural law, which holds that human nature should be the standard for evaluating laws and social institutions, greatly influenced first Roman, and later Western law.
Skepticism
The school of Skepticism, which carried on the Sophists criticisms of objective knowledge, came to dominate Platos Academy in the 3rd century BCE. The Skeptics had discovered, as had Zeno of Elea, logic to be a powerful critical device, one capable of destroying any positive philosophical view if used skillfully. And make no mistake, the Stoics were skilled at it.
Their fundamental assumption, postulate really, was that humans cannot attain knowledge or wisdom concerning realitynothing, in other words, can really be known.
Based on this the Skeptics concluded that the way to happiness lies in a complete suspension of judgment, holding that suspending judgment about the things of which one has no true knowledge (and one can have no true knowledge about anything) creates tranquility and fulfillment.
An extreme example of this attitude is the legend that Pyrrho, one of the most noted of the Skeptics, once refused to direct his horse to veer as his carriage approached the edge of a cliff. The carriage had to be diverted by his students, or he would have perished.
Now, I believe that there is a good word for that point of view: apathy.
Philo
In the 1st century CE, Philo of Alexandria combined Greek philosophy particularly Platonic and Pythagorean ideaswith Judaism in a system that not only anticipated Neoplatonism, but also Jewish, Christian, and Muslim mysticism.
Philo held that the true nature of God so far transcended human understanding and experience as to be incomprehensible as well as indescribable to man. Still, in violation of his own assumptions, he tried to both comprehend and describe, and so outlined the natural world as a series of stages of descent from God at the pinnacle and the source of all things good, terminating in matter as the source of evil.
However, he did not seem to have lost much sleep over the contradiction that matter ultimately sprung from God, and could therefore not be the source of all evil.
Politically, Philo advocated a religious state, not unlike those we see today in certain Muslim countries.
Neoplatonism
Neoplatonism, which at its peak constituted a true threat to the rise of Christianity, was founded in the 3rd century ad by Ammonius Saccus and his more famous disciple Plotinus.
Plotinus based his ideas on the mystical and poetic writings of Plato, of the Pythagoras, and of Philo. For Plotinus, the main function of philosophy was to prepare individuals for the experience of ecstasy, in which they become one with God.
He agreed with Philo that the nature of Godor the One, as Plotinus called himlay beyond rational understanding, but he disagreed with Philo as to whether or not humans could experience Him. The One, the source of all reality, held Plotinus, could indeed be experiencedfor, after all, was this not God experiencing Himself?
Plotinus saw a universe emanating from the One through a mysterious process of divine energy cascading down successive levels.
The highest of these level formed a trinity of the One; of the Logos, which contained the Platonic Forms; and of the World Soul, which in turn gave rise to human souls and natural forces.
The farther down this cascading creation you looked, the more imperfect and evil those creations, all the way down to pure matter.
For Plotinus, the highest goal of life was to purify oneself of dependence on bodily comforts and, through philosophical meditation, to prepare oneself for an ecstatic reunion with the One.
Medieval Philosophy
By the 3rd century CE, Christianity had spread to the more educated classes of the Roman Empire and the powerful fathers of the new church set about to combine the teachings of the Gospels with the philosophical concepts of the Greek and Roman schools.
Thus, as the Greco-Roman civilization began its long decline, so did Western philosophy, as its practitioners turned their attention from a scientific investigation of nature and a search for worldly happiness to the new problem of salvation in another and better world.
Of particular importance in this evolution were the First Council of Nicaea in 325 CE and the Council of Ephesus in 431, which both drew upon the metaphysical ideas of Aristotle and Plotinus to establish important (though very man-made) Christian doctrines about the divinity of Jesus and the nature of the Trinity.
Augustinian Philosophy
This process of reconciling Greek accent on reason with the religious fervor within the teachings of Christ and the apostles found eloquent expression in the writings of Saint Augustine during the late 4th and early 5th centuries.
Saint Augustine reconciled and developed a new system of thought that, through subsequent amendments and elaborations (again, all human-made and mostly artificial), eventually became the authoritative doctrine of the ever more firmly established new religion.
By the musings of Saint Augustine, Christian thought was quite Platonic in spirit up until the 13th century, when Aristotelian philosophy grew dominant.
Augustine had argued that religious faith and philosophical understanding are complementary rather than opposed and that one must believe in order to understand and understand in order to believe.
Like the Neoplatonists, he had considered the soul a higher form of existence than the body and taught that true knowledge can only be gained in the contemplation of Platonic ideas as abstract notions apart from sensory experience and anything physical or material.
This Platonic philosophy was then combined with the Christian concept of a personal God who created the world and predestined its course, and with the doctrine of humanitys fall, requiring the divine incarnation in Christ.
Augustine attempted to gain a rational understanding of the relation between divine predestination and human freedomwhich, of course, constitutes an inherent contradictionand of the existence of evil in a world created by a perfect and all-powerful God.
He never really achieved his goal, and late in life Augustine arrived at a rather pessimistic view about original sin, grace, and predestination: the ultimate fates of humans, he decided, are predetermined by God in the sense that some people are granted divine grace to enter heaven and others are not, and human actions and choices cannot explain the fates of individuals.
Augustine conceived of history as a dramatic struggle between the good in humanity, as expressed in loyalty to the city of God, or community of saints, and the evil in humanity, as embodied in the earthly city with its material values. His view of human life was pessimistic, asserting that happiness is impossible in the world of the living, where even with good fortune, which is rare, awareness of approaching death would mar any tendency toward satisfaction.
He believed further that without the religious virtues of faith, hope, and charity, which require divine grace to be attained, a person cannot develop the natural virtues of courage, justice, temperance, and wisdom.
These views held sway throughout the Middle Ages and became even more important during the Reformation of the 16th century when it inspired the doctrine of predestination put forth by Protestant theologian John Calvin.
Other Medieval Philosophers
Saint Augustine was so influential, that one can only map a few major contributors to Western thought in the centuries following his death in 430 CE.
One such contributor, however, was the 6th-century Roman statesman Boethius who revived interest in Greek and Roman philosophy, particularly in Aristotles logic and metaphysics.
Another was the the 9th century Irish monk John Erigena, who developed a pantheistic interpretation of Christianity, identifying the divine Trinity with the One, Logos, and World Soul of Neoplatonism and maintained that both faith and reason are necessary to achieve the ecstatic union with God. 
Perhaps even more significant to the eventual rising of a new Western philosophy was the early 11th-century Muslim philosopher Avicenna. His work modified the Aristotelian metaphysics by introducing a distinction between essence (the fundamental qualities that make a thing what it isthe treeness of a tree, for example) and existence (being, or living reality). He also demonstrated how it is possible to combine the biblical view of God with Aristotles philosophical system.
Scholasticism
As a result of the now increasing contact between different parts of the Western world and the general reawakening of cultural interests that culminated in the Renaissance, the 11th century began to see a revival of philosophical thought.
The works of Plato, Aristotle, and other Greek thinkers were translated by Arab scholars and brought to the attention of philosophers in Western Europe. Muslim, Jewish, and Christian philosophers then interpreted and clarified these writings in an effort to reconcile philosophy with religious faith and to provide rational grounds for their religious beliefs. Their labors established the foundations of Scholasticism.
Scholastic thought, however, was less interested in discovering new facts and principles than in logically demonstrating the truth of existing beliefs, a concern thatwhile not unearthing new thoughtdid lead to important developments in logic as well as theology.
Saint Anselm
Saint Anselm of Canterbury, for one, adopted Saint Augustines view of a complementary relation between faith and reason and attempted to combine Platonism with Christian theology.
Supporting the Platonic theory of Ideas, Anselm argued in favor of separate existences of universals, or common properties of thingsthe properties Avicenna had called essences, and so established logical realismthe view that universals and other ideas exist independently of our awareness of them, which was to be one of the most hotly disputed issues of medieval philosophy.
Roscelin
The contrary view, known as nominalism, was formulated by the Scholastic philosopher Roscelin, who maintained that only individual, solid objects exist and that the universals, forms, and ideas, under which particular things are classified, constitute mere sounds or names, rather than intangible substances.
When he argued that the Trinity must consist of three separate beings, his views were deemed heretical and he was forced to recant in 1092.
Peter Abelard
The 12th century French Scholastic theologian Peter Abelard, whose tragic love affair with Hlose is one of the most memorable romantic stories in medieval history, proposed a compromise between realism and nominalism known as conceptualism.
According to Abelards view, universals exist in particular things as properties and outside of things as concepts in the mind. Abelard maintained that revealed religionreligion based on divine revelation, or the word of Godmust be justified by reason.
Averros
The Spanish-Arab jurist and physician Averros, with his lucid commentary on the works of Aristotle, made Aristotelian science and philosophy a powerful influence on medieval thought.
As a result, he earned himself the title the Commentator among the many Scholastics who came to regard Aristotle as the Philosopher.
Averros attempted to overcome the contradictions between Aristotelian philosophy and revealed religion by distinguishing between two separate systems of truth, a scientific body of truths based on reason and a religious body of truths based on revelation.
However, his view that reason takes precedence over religion led to his exile in 1195.
Even so, Averross so-called double-truth doctrine was to influence many a Muslim, Jewish, and Christian philosopher; it was rejected, however, by many others, and became another hotly debated issue in medieval philosophy.
Maimonides
The Jewish rabbi and physician Moses Maimonidesone of the most noted figures in Judaic thoughtfollowed his contemporary Averros in attempting to unite Aristotelian science with religion but he rejected the view that both of the two conflicting systems of ideas could be true.
In his late 12th century Guide for the Perplexed Maimonides attempted to provide a rational explanation of Judaic doctrine and defended religious beliefs (such as the belief in the creation of the world) that conflicted with Aristotelian science only when he was convinced that decisive evidence was lacking on either side.
Heretics and Saints
While Abelard, Averros, and Maimonides were each accused of blasphemy because their views conflicted with religious beliefs of the time, the 13th century did see a string of philosophers who would later become declared saints by the church.
The Italian Scholastic philosopher Saint Bonaventure, for one, combined Platonic and Aristotelian principles and introduced the concept of substantial form, or nonmaterial substance, to account for the immortality of the soul.
Bonaventures views leaned toward pantheistic mysticism in making the aim of philosophy the ecstatic union with Godmirroring the goals of Plotinus.
The 13th-century German Scholastic philosopher Saint Albertus Magnus was the first Christian philosopher to endorse and interpret the entire system of Aristotelian thought.
He studied and admired the writings of both the Muslim and Jewish Aristotelians and wrote commentaries on Aristotle in which he attempted to reconcile Aristotles thought with Christian teachings. He also took a great interest in the natural science of his day.
The 13th-century English monk Roger Bacon, one of the first Scholastics to take an interest in experimental science, realized that a great deal remained to be learned about nature. He criticized the deductive method of his contemporaries and their reliance on past authority, and called for a new method of inquiry based on controlled observation.
He approached the world by looking afresh rather than attempting to reconcile existing thought systems.
Aquinas
However, most other medieval philosophers pale in comparison to Saint Thomas Aquinas. He was a Dominican monk, in Italy in 1225 who studied under Albertus Magnus in Germany.
Aquinas reconciled Aristotelian science with Augustinian theology into a comprehensive system of thought that was to become the authoritative philosophy of the Roman Catholic Church.
He wrote on nearly every known subject in philosophy and science, and his two major works, Summa Theologica and Summa Contra Gentiles, in which he presents a persuasive and systematic structure of ideas, still constitute a powerful influence on Western thought.
His writings reflect the renewed interest in reason, nature, and worldly happiness of his contemporaries as well as his own interest in religious faith and concern for salvation.
One of Aquinas most influential studies concerned the properties of God, where he determined such attributes as omnipotence, omniscience, eternity, and benevolence.
He also surmised a new relationship between faith and reason, arguing against the Averroists that the truths of faith and the truths of reason cannot conflict but rather apply to different realms.
Thus he held that the truths of natural science and philosophy are discovered by reasoning from observed facts and experience, whereas the tenets of revealed religion, such as the doctrine of the Trinity, the creation of the world, and other articles of Christian dogma, are allthough not inconsistent with reason, he claimedbeyond rational comprehension, and must be accepted on faith.
Aquinas metaphysics, theory of knowledge, ethics, and politics were derived mainly from Aristotle, but he also incorporated the Augustinian virtues of faith, hope, and charity and the goal of eternal salvation through grace with Aristotles views on ethics (and its goal of worldly happiness).
Medieval Philosophy After Aquinas
Of course, Aquinas was not without his subsequent critics, and the most important of those were the 13th-century Scottish theologian John Duns Scotus and 14th-century English Scholastic William of Ockham.
Duns Scotus did develop an intricate and highly technical system of logic and metaphysics, but due to the fanaticism of his followers, ironically, the name Duns later became a symbol of stupidity in the English word dunce.
Scotus outright rejected the attempt of Aquinas to reconcile rational philosophy with revealed religion. He held, through his modified version of Averros double-truth doctrine, that all religious beliefs are matters of faith, except for the belief in the existence of God, which he regarded as logically provable.
Against the view of Aquinas that God acts in accordance with his rational nature, Scotus argued that the divine will appeared prior, and ranks senior to the divine intellect and so creates, rather than follows, the laws of nature and morality. By this reasoning he implied a notion of free will than that of Aquinas.
On the issue of universals, Scotus rationalized a new compromise between realism and nominalism, accounting for the difference between individual objects and the forms that these objects exemplify as a logical rather than a real distinction.
William of Ockham was very critical of the Scholastic belief in intangible, invisible things such as forms, essences, and universals. He held that such abstract entities were nothing more than references of words to other words rather than to actual things.
His rather famous rule, still known as Ockhams razorwhich said that one should not assume the existence of more things than are logically necessarybecame a fundamental principle of modern science and philosophy.
The 15th and 16th-century revival of scientific interest in nature was accompanied by a tendency toward pantheistic mysticismthat is, the notion that God exists in all things.
The Roman Catholic prelate Nicholas of Cusa anticipated the work of the Polish astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus in his suggestion that the Earth moved around the Sun, thus displacing humanity from the center of the universe. He also conceived of the universe as infinite and identical with God.
The Italian philosopher Giordano Bruno, who similarly identified the universe with God, developed the philosophical implications of the Copernican theory. Brunos philosophy influenced subsequent intellectual forces that led to the rise of modern science and to the Reformation.
He was burned at the stake for his efforts.
Modern Philosophy
When we talk of modern philosophy, we mean to distinguish a new historic era both from antiquity and from the intervening Middle Ages.
Many things had occurred in the intellectual, religious, political, and social life of Europe to justify the belief of 16th- and 17th-century thinkers in a genuinely new character of their times.
There were the explorations of the world; the Protestant Reformation, with its emphasis on individual faith rather than blind acceptance of dogma. There was the rise of a new commercial urban society (the birth of the middle class), and the habit of the Renaissance to develop new ideas in just about all areas of culture.
All of this kindled the development of a new philosophical worldview.
The New View
The medieval view of the world as a hierarchical order of beings created and governed by God was slowly but surely supplanted by the mechanistic picture of the world, and the universe, as a vast machine, the parts of which move in accordance with strict physical laws (rather than by the whim of God), and without purpose or will.
In this new view of the universe, science gained prominence over spirituality, and the surrounding physical world that we observe and live in, would receive as much, if not more, attention than the world (if any) yet to come.
This new philosophy no longer saw human life as preparation for salvation to come, but rather as the agency through which to satisfy natural desires.
Political institutions and ethical principles ceased to be regarded as reflections of divine command and instead came to be seen as practical devices created by humans, again to gain happiness in this world rather than the next.
To this new philosophy, the human mind itself seemed an inexhaustible reality, on a par with the physical reality of matter, and modern philosophers now had the task of defining more clearly the essence of mind and of matter, and of reasoning and the relation between the two.
Individuals ought no longer to blindly swallow existing dogma, but ought to look and see for themselves, they believed. And rather than read (and blindly believe) the Bible, they should study the book of Nature, and in every case search for the truth with their own reason.
Ever since the 15th century, modern philosophy has been an ongoing interaction between systems of thought founded on a belief in human thought as the ultimate reality and the systems based on a mechanistic, materialistic interpretation of the universe.
Spirit versus matter.
Mechanism and Materialism
In this new philosophical climate, postulates and intuition took a back seat and experience and reason assumed the sole standards of truth.
The first great spokesman for this new breed of philosophy was the Francis Bacon (1561-1626), who denounced reliance on authority and verbal argument and criticized Aristotelian logic as useless when it came to seeking and discovering new laws.
Bacon demanded (and developed) a new scientific method based on careful observation and experiment leading to reasoned generalization of the observed (truths), and he was the first to formulate rules for this new method of drawing conclusions, now known as inductive inference.
Although Bacon beat him to it, the work of Italian physicist and astronomer Galileo (1564-1642) was of even greater importance in the development of this new, scientific, worldview.
Galileo surmised that the best way to formulate, and record scientific experiments and conclusions was to apply the properties and discipline of mathematics when setting down such laws.
He accomplished this by, in essence, creating the science of mechanics, which applied the principles of geometry to the motions of bodies.
So successful was Galileo in applying mechanics to discover and formulate reliable and useful laws of nature, that not only he, but others to follow as well, that nature must, in fact, be designed in accordance with these mechanical laws. 
These great 15th- and 16th-century changes engendered two intellectual crises that were to profoundly affect Western civilization. The first was that the decline of Aristotelian science called into question the methods and foundations of his principles, especially since they failed to explain new observations in astronomy.
The second crisis was that the science brought a new attitude toward religion that undermined religious authority and gave agnostic and atheistic ideas a chance to be heard.
Descartes
Ren Descartes (1596-1650), a French mathematician, physicist, and philosopher attempted to resolve both crises.
He followed Bacon and Galileo in criticizing existing methods and beliefs, but whereas Bacon had argued for an inductive method based on observed facts, Descartesa mathematician above all elsemade mathematics the model for all science.
Descartes advocated the truth as demonstrated and contained in the clear and distinct ideas of reason itself. The advance toward true and full knowledge, he maintained, was to be made in a progression from one such truth to another, as in mathematical reasoning.
Descartes further believed that by following his rationalist method, one could establish first principles (fundamental underlying truths) for all knowledgeabout man, the world, even about God. 
And sofor Descartes was nothing if not ambitioushe resolved to reconstruct all human knowledge on an absolutely certain (mathematical) foundation by refusing to accept any belief, even the belief in his own existence, until he could prove it to be necessarily true.
As an example of his approach, in his so-called dream argument, he asserted that our inability to prove with certainty when we are awake and when we are dreaming makes most of our knowledge uncertain.
Ultimately he concluded that the principal thing about which one can be certain is oneself as a thinking being. This conclusion forms the basis of his well-known argument: Cogito, ergo sumI think, therefore I am.
Here one can, andfrom a Buddhist standpointshould, introduce an important counter-argument: I think not, therefore I am not. Descartes took a subtle though enormous leap of faith when he assumed that just because thinking is perceived that there is a specific entity, or a personin other words, an Ithat perceives it. This is not at all necessarily the case.
Be that, though, as it may. Back to Descartes. From this conclusion he went on to argue that, in pure thought, one can have a clear conception of God and can in fact demonstrate that God exists. In fact, he held that it was this secure knowledge of the reality of God that allowed him to harbor his earlier doubts about knowledge and science. 
Despite his mechanistic outlook, however, Descartes accepted the traditional religious doctrine of the immortality of the soul and maintained that mind and body are two distinct substances, thus exempting mind from the mechanistic laws of nature and providing for freedom of the will.
His fundamental separation of mind and body, known as dualism, raised the problem of explaining how two such different substances as mind and body can affect each other, a problem he was unable to solve and one that has remained a conundrum for philosophy (and religion, not to mention science) ever since.
Hobbes
One attempt to solve this riddle was made by the 17thcentury English philosopher Thomas Hobbes (1588-1679). In his effort to attain unity, he asserted that matter is, in fact, the only real substance, and that mind does not really exist.
Based on this postulate, he constructed a comprehensive system of metaphysics that provided a solution to the mind-body problem by reducing mind to the internal motions of the body.
Spinoza
Whereas Hobbes tried to oppose Cartesian dualism by reducing mind to matter, the 17th-century Dutch philosopher Baruch Spinoza (1632-1677) attempted to reduce matter to mindto divine spiritual substance.
To achieve this, Spinoza constructed a precise system of philosophy that offered new solutions to the mind-body problem and to the now increasingly brewing conflict between religion and science.
Not unlike Descartes, Spinoza postulated that all of nature, her entire structure, can be deduced from a few basic definitions and axioms, on the model of Euclidean geometry. However, Spinoza believed that Descartess theory of two substances created an insoluble problem of the way in which mind and body interact, and so concluded that the ultimate substance is God and that God, substance, and nature are identical.
Thus he supported a pantheistic view that all things are simply varying aspects of God.
Spinozas solution to the mind-body problem addressed the apparent interaction of mind and body by seeing them as two forms of the same substance, which exactly parallel each other, thus only seeming to affect each other but in truth do not.
Spinozas bases his ethics, much like Hobbes, on a materialistic psychology where individuals are motivated only by self-interestleading, for the most part to guaranteed conflict. But in contrast to Hobbes, Spinoza concluded that rational self-interest can, and often does, coincide with the interest of othersavoiding, for the most part, such conflict.
Locke
John Locke  (1632-1704) also addressed Cartesian dualism, but he held the more commonsense view that the corporeal (bodily or material) and the spiritual are simply two parts of nature that are, by design, always present in human experience. Beyond that, he made no attempt to define these parts of nature or to construct a detailed system of metaphysics that attempted to explain them.
In fact, Locke believed that such philosophical aims were impossible to carry out and would lead no-useful-where.
In contrast to the rationalism of Descartes and Spinozawho both believed that knowledge could be achieved through pure reason and logical deductionLocke carried on the empiricist tradition founded by Bacon and later embraced by Hobbes: that view knowledge derived from observation and sense perceptions, and not from reason alone. 
In 1690, with the publication of his Essay Concerning Human Understanding, Locke gave his empirical view a systematic framework.
In this essay, Locke attempted, and in many respects succeeded, to steer philosophy away from the study of the physical world and toward the study of the human mind, and as a result made epistemologythe study of the nature of knowledgethe principal concern of philosophy in the 17th and 18th centuries.
In his theory of the mind, Locke held that all ideas are but simple elements of experience, but he did distinguish sensation from reflection as sources of experience: sensation, he maintained, provided the material for knowledge of the external world, while reflection provided the material for knowledge of the mind.
Locke were to greatly influence later British thinkers, such as George Berkeley and David Hume, by calling attention to the vagueness of metaphysical concepts and that inferences about the world outside the mind cannot be truly proved.
Idealism and Skepticism
Efforts to resolve the dualism of mind and matterthe problem raised by Descarteswas  still alive and well, and continued to engage philosophers through the 17th and 18th centuries.
Philosophy during these centuries also grew increasingly concerned about and occupied with the relatively new division and distinction between science and religious belief, with the primary aim of preserving the essentials of faith in God while at the same time defending the right to think freely.
Natural science, meanwhile, strode ahead, relying on sense perception as well as reason to discover ever more universal laws of nature and physics. Such empirical knowledge appeared to be more certain and valuable than philosophical knowledge based upon reason alone and so, on the religious side, gave rise to Deism, a view that saw God as the cause of the great mechanism of the world and therefore more in harmony with science than with traditional religion.
After Locke, however, philosophers grew increasingly skeptical about gaining knowledge that they could be absolutely certain was true. Some thinkers who despaired of finding a resolution to dualism embraced skepticism, the doctrine that true knowledge, other than what we experience through the senses, is impossible. Others turned to increasingly radical theories of being and knowledge, among them the German philosopher Immanuel Kant, probably the most influential of all because he set Western philosophy on a new pathidealismthat philosophers travel to this day.
Leibniz
Leibniz (1646-1716), who like Spinoza before him was a true rationalist, produced a brilliant theoretical solution to the problems raised by dualism. He devised a subtle philosophical that combined the mathematical and physical discoveries of his time with the organic and religious concepts of nature found in ancient and medieval thought.
Leibniz saw the world as an infinite (i.e., limitless) number of infinitely small (i.e., extremely small but smaller) units of force, called monads, each of which he postulated as a closed world that yet mirrored all other monads.
He further held that all monads were spiritual entities that could combine to form material bodies. To Leibniz, God was the Chief Monad, the one who created all other monads and predestined their development.
However, Leibnizs theory of the predestination of monadswhich is still known as the theory of pre-established harmonyentailed a somewhat radical rejection of causality, the view that every effect must have a cause, for according to Leibniz, monads never interact with each other, and any appearance of causality in the natural world is unreal, an illusion.
And Leibniz didnt stop there. He also held that there is no room in the universe for free will. Even though we enjoy the illusion of acting freely, he said, all human actions are in fact predetermined by God.
God, in other words, is the only one responsible for everything, humanity can wash its hands of any wrong (or right-) doing.
Berkeley
The 18th-century Irish philosopher George Berkeley, like Spinoza before him, rejected both Cartesian dualism and the assertion by Hobbes that only matter is real. Berkeley struck out in the opposite direction (and all the way, at that) by maintaining that spirit is, in fact, substance, and that only spiritual substance is real.
Then, expanding upon Lockes doubts about knowledge of an external world outside the mind, Berkeley argued that no evidence exists for the existence of such a world, because the only things that we can observe are our own sensations, and these are in the mind. The very notion of matter, he maintained, is incoherent and impossible.
To exist, claimed Berkeley, means to be perceived, and in order for things to exist when we are not perceiving them, they must (at all times) be perceived by God.
Hume
Whereas Berkeley argued against materialism by outright denial of matter, 18th-century Scottish philosopher David Hume (1711-1776)took the next step by questioning the existence of the mind itself.
Humes skeptical philosophy also cast serious doubt on the idea of cause as a factor understood in all previous philosophies and also seriously disputed earlier arguments for the existence of God.
All assertionswhether physical or metaphysicalabout things that cannot be directly perceived here and now, are equally meaningless, Hume claimed, and should, as he put it, be committed to the flames.
In his somewhat myopic analyses of causality and induction, Hume steadfastly maintained that there is no logical justification for believing that any two events which occur in sequence are in any way connected by cause and effect or for making any inference from past to future.
Hume went on to note that while we pretend to depend on our past experience whenever we form beliefs about anything that we do not directly perceive and whenever we make predictions about the future, we do this because experience teaches us what particular things belong together as causes and effects.
However, he then went on to argue that this attempt to learn from experience is not at all rational, thus calling into question the reliability of our memories, our reasoning processes, and our ability to learn from past experiences or to make even the smallest predictions about the futurefor example, that the sun will rise tomorrow.
Anybody who drinks too deeply from the chalice of Hume will spend a long time trying to rediscover his feet.
Kant
German philosopher Immanuel Kant (1724-1804) actually appreciated Humes skepticism, and in response to it, in 1781, he published the Critique of Pure Reason, widely considered the greatest single work in modern philosophy, wherein he made a thorough and systematic analysis of the conditions for knowledge.
As an example of genuine knowledge, he cited Newtons contributions to the laws of physics. In the case of Newtonian physics, Kant argued, reason seemed to have done an effective job of comprehending and categorizing the data supplied by the senses, and based on them to have succeeded in postulating universal and necessary laws of nature, such as the law of gravitation and the laws of motion.
Kant explained how such knowledge could in fact be possible, and so provided a complete reply to Humes skepticism and also answered many of the problems that had plagued Western philosophers since the time of Descartes. 
Kant set out by making a fresh analysis of the elements of knowledge, asking for the first time an extremely basic question: How is our experience possible in the first place?
Kant concluded that certain categories of knowledge, such as space, time, substance, and causalityall of which he maintained are essential to our thinking and to our experience of phenomena in the worldshould be viewed as transcendental. Therefore, he concluded, all objects of knowledge must conform to the human minds essential ways of perceiving and understandingways that involve the transcendental categoriesif they are to be knowable at all.
Kant, not particularly modest by leaning, proclaimed that his newly developed hypothesis about knowledge and reality was as significant for the future of philosophy as the hypothesis of Copernicusthat the planets orbit the Sunhad been for science. 
He then, however, went on to claim that things-in-themselvesthat is, things as they exist outside human experienceare unknowable, and so managed to limit human knowledge to the phenomenal world of experience. Metaphysical beliefs about the soul, the cosmos, and God (the noumenal world transcending human experience), Kant held, are matters of faith, and can never be perceived or proven.
Some maintain (a view not shared by yours truly) that Kants musings constituted a high point of the Enlightenment.
19th Century Philosophy
Kant was, in fact, so revered that 19thcentury philosophers generally developed their views with reference to his work of Kant.
In Germany, Kants influence led subsequent philosophers to explore idealism and ethical voluntarism, a philosophical tradition that places a strong emphasis on human will. While philosophers before Kant had explored the objects of knowledge, those who followed him on the path of idealism turned to the subject of knowledgewhat some have since referred to as the ego, or the I, the mind, and human consciousness. 
First came Johann Gottlieb Fichte (1762-1814), who transformed Kants critical idealism into absolute idealism by eliminating Kants things-in-themselves (external reality) and by making the self, or the ego, the ultimate reality.
Fichte held that the world is, in fact, created by an absolute ego, which is conscious first of itself and only later of non-self, or the otherness of the world.
The human will, he maintained, a partial manifestation of self, gives human beings freedom to act.
Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph von Schelling (1775-1854) stepped even closer to absolute idealism by construing objects or things as the works of the imagination and Nature as an all-embracing being, spiritual in character.
Schelling thus went on to became the leading philosopher of the Romantic movement, which in contrast to the Enlightenment placed its faith in feeling and the creative imagination rather than in reason.
This romantic view of the divinity of nature influenced the American transcendentalist movement, led by poet and essayist Ralph Waldo Emerson, and pursued by others like David Henry Thoreau.
Hegel
Some view Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel (1770-1831) as the most powerful philosophical mind of the 19th-century, and for good reason.
His system of a nearly absolute idealism, although influenced greatly by Kant and Schelling, was based on his own conception of logic and his own philosophical method.
In fact, and contrary to the skeptics, Hegel believed that absolute truth, or reality, exists and that the human mind can know ita very positive view indeed.
This is so, he maintained, because whatever is real is rational. He conceived the subject matter of philosophy to be what reality as a whole actually consisted of, a reality he named Absolute Spirit, Cosmic Reason.
The world of human experience, whether subjective or objective, is but a manifestation of Absolute Spirit.
Philosophys task, according to Hegel, is to trace and chart the path of Absolute Spirit from its original abstract, undifferentiated being into more and more concrete reality.
Hegel believed that this charting occurs by a dialectical processthat is, a process whereby conflicting ideas resolveconsisting of a series of triads. Each triad involves: (a) an initial state (or thesis), which might be an idea or a movement; (b) its opposite state (or antithesis); and (c) a higher state, or synthesis, combining elements from the two opposites into a new and superior arrangement. The new synthesis then becomes the thesis of the next triad in an unending progress toward the ideal.
Unfortunately, Hegel then went on to argue that this dialectical logic should be applied to the advancement of all knowledge, including science and history, where his views were to provide a foundation for the political and social philosophy later developed by Karl Marx.
According to Hegel, human history demonstrates the dialectical development of Absolute Spirit as can be observed in the conflicts and wars, the rise and fall of civilizations. In fact, he maintained that political states are real entities, discrete identities, the manifestation of Spirit in the world, and individual participants of history. In every epoch a particular state is the bearer or agent of spiritual advance, and it thereby gathers to itself power.
Because the dialectic means opposition and conflict, war must be expected, and it has value as evidence of the health of a state.
Hegels philosophy did stimulate interest in history by representing it as a deeper penetration into reality than the natural sciences provide. His conception of the national state as the highest social embodiment of the Absolute Spirit was for some timeand in many quarters still isbelieved to be the main source of 20th-century totalitarianism, although Hegel himself, despite his concept of the national state as identity, advocated a large measure of individual freedom.
He was embraced, and to some degree perverted, by those who held personal power as the highest goal of mankind.
Schopenhauer
Hegels successors, however, rejected Hegels stated faith in reason and progress. Arthur Schopenhauer, for one, in The World as Will and Idea (1819) argued that existence is fundamentally irrational and simply an expression of blind, meaningless forcea force he equated with the human will to live and reproduce. But will, he held, entails continuous striving and inevitably results in disappointment and suffering.
Given this bleak assessment, Schopenhauer offered two avenues of escape from irrational (though some would call it rational) will: through the contemplation of art, which enables one to endure the tragedy of life, and through the renunciation of will and of the striving for happiness. 
It is significant to note that Schopenhauer was one of the first Western philosophers to be influenced by Indian philosophy, then beginning to appear in European translations. The influence of Buddhist thought, for example, appears in his sense that the world is suffering which can be overcome only through renunciation.
Nietzsche
Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) continued the revolt against reason initiated by the romantic movement, but he rather scornfully repudiated what he felt was Schopenhauers resigned attitude. Instead, Nietzsche advocated the values of vitality and strength, and the supremacy of a purely egoistic existence.
He also scorned the Christian and democratic ideas of the equal worth of human beings, maintaining that it was up to the aristocrat to refuse to subordinate himself to a state or cause, thereby achieving self-realization and greatness.
For Nietzsche, the power to be strong was the greatest value in life. However, although Nietzsche did indeed valued geniuses over dictators, his beliefs helped bolster the ideas of the National Socialists (Nazis) who gained control of Germany in the 1930s.
Kierkegaard
Danish philosopher Sren Kierkegaard (1813-1855) developed his own, quite philosophy of life, a philosophy that was not appreciatedif even comprehendeduntil a century after it was formed.
His was a philosophy of a literary, religious, and self-revealing rather than systematic character and his views stressed the importance of experiences that the intellectual mind judges as absurd, including the experiences of angst and fear and trembling (which was to become the title of one of his books).
Such experiences, he held, lead first to despair and eventually to religious revelation and faith. Kierkegaard expressed this process by the religious person commanded by God to sacrifice his own most cherished treasures, as was Abraham when ordered to sacrifice Isaac in the Old Testament.
Although Abraham does not understand this quite absurd, if Godly, request, he decides to obey in an act of blind commitment. And it is such terrible experiences, Kierkegaard claimed, that teaches us that our relationship to God is absolute (though some would say blind) and all else relative. What is most significant in a persons life, Kierkegaard concluded, are the decisions made in such ethical crises.
Bentham and Mill, Utilitarians
Jeremy Bentham (1748-1832) and John Stuart Mill (1806-1873), who were both economists as well as philosophers, were to dominate English philosophy in the 19th century.
Benthams contribution was the ethical principle of utilitarianismin essence that what is useful is goodand Mill then carried it further and refined the doctrine.
Just as Kant had argued a rational principle of moral law superior to individual desireby which peoples conduct ought to be governedthe utilitarians argued an ethical principle superior to the self-interest of the individual.
They based this principle on the assumption that, first of all, we all desire happiness; secondly, that we have to find that happiness in society, and, as a consequence, we all have a vested interest in societys general happiness.
This led to the position that whatever produces the greatest happiness for the greatest number of people is most useful for all.
Mill, in elaborating and refining this principle, partly abandoned the greatest good idea and instead maintained that one should consider the quality, or type, of pleasure as well as the quantity.
Karl Marx and Marxism
Karl Marx, and his collaborator Friedrich Engels accepted the basic form of Hegels dialectic of history, but then made crucial modifications to it.
For them history was not a matter of Absolute Spirit developing, but a development of the material conditions governing humanitys economic existence. In their viewwhich became known as historical materialismthe history of society is a history of class struggle in which the ruling class uses religion and other traditions and institutions, as well as its economic power, to, basically, suppress and dominate the working classes.
Human culture, according to Marx, is dependent on economic (material) conditions and serves economic ends. Religion, he concluded, is the opiate of the masses that serves the political end of suppressing mass revolution.
Marxs theory of revolution, history, economics, and politicsclaiming to have proved that the long history of oppression would end only when the masses rise up and usher in a revolution that will create a classless utopian societylaid the philosophical groundwork for Communism, and motivated the Russian Revolutions of 1917, the Communist victory in China in 1949, and the Cuban Revolution of 1959.
Pragmatism
Toward the end of the 19th century, pragmatism continued what the empiricist had begun by grounding knowledge on experience. As a result, pragmatism became the most vital American school of thought of its time.
To the pragmatists, ideas only demonstrate their value insofar as they enrich human experience. All other ideas are more or less worthless, speculative fluff.
The founder of this movement, and who gave the movement its name, was Charles Sanders Peirce (1839-1914). Two other philosophers also made significant contributions: the psychologist and religious thinker William James (1842-1910)brother of famed author Henry Jamesand John Dewey (1859-1952), an educator, and a psychologist as well.
Peirce formulated a very pragmatic theory of knowledge and advocated a laboratory philosophy whereby researchers should only investigate and clarify knowledge that is gained either through everyday experience or through scientific inquiry.
By restricting the realm of meaningful questions to those that concern experience, Peirce hoped to introduce scientific logic into metaphysics.
He also advanced a theory of truth as agreement, and defined such truth as that which an ideal community of researchers could agree upon. Now, one could object that there is no such thing as an ideal community of researchers hence no chance of truth according to Pierce.
As for traditional philosophy, Peirce maintained that many such concepts have no practical use and thus are meaningless. 
Whereas Peirce sought to isolate the exact meaning of terms and ideas and so sought to make metaphysics a precise and pragmatic discipline, James and Dewey applied the principles of pragmatism to develop a more comprehensive philosophy.
Like Peirce, James held that the meaning of ideas lies in their practical consequences. If an idea has no practical uses, then it is meaningless.
Accordingly, James focused on the power of true ideas to offer individuals, rather than scientific researchers, practical guidance in handling problems that arise in everyday experience. Truth, according to James, resides in those experiences that enable common people to successfully navigate the challenges and demands of the world.
Dewey, on the other hand, focused more on the cooperative process in which human beings, as intelligent and social beings (when and where that happens to be the case), create and revise ideas about the world.
One such process, according to Dewey, was scientific inquiry. Another was active participation in just and democratic social and political communities. Based on his postulates and on his research, Dewey concluded that there are only two sure guides for intelligent behavior: science and democracy.
20th Century Philosophy
A potpourri of methods, interests, and styles of argumentation marked 20th-century philosophy and was to prove both fruitful and destructive.
This diversity, and the divisions that arose as a result of it, proved fruitful in that new topics arose and new ways developed for discussing these topics philosophically. It proved destructive, however, as philosophers ceased to address the man on the street, or even the enthusiastic amateur, and instead began to write for a narrow audience of the likeminded, and not only ignored the common man but often also derided philosophical styles different from their own.
In the decades following World War II (1939-1945), a significant division arose between what was now termed the continental philosophers, who worked on the European continent, and philosophers in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia.
Deconstruction and other postmodern theories followed existentialism and phenomenology on the continent, whereas the Americans, Britons, and Australians worked in the analytic tradition.
Toward the end of the century this conflict eased as interest shifted from earlier disputes, and more philosophers now began exploring common roots instead of conflicts between the postmodern and the traditional.
Phenomenology
It was the German philosopher Edmund Husserl (1859-1938) who founded the movement that was to be known as phenomenology. Husserls view was that the philosophers mission was to describe and analyze phenomena as they occur, whether such phenomena are objective or subjective, emphasizing careful observation and interpretation of our conscious perceptions of things.
First, he held, we must pay more attention to what we are conscious of. We must perceive far more carefully and intensely than we do in everyday life. We must, in a word, be more mindful about our surroundings.
Secondly, we must then reflect upon these observations and interpret them without preconceptions. Husserl maintained that the only way to solve philosophical problems was through a logical analysis of the data emerging from such a phenomenological study of the contents of the mind.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty and Martin Heidegger further developed phenomenology and its emphasis on pure description. For them, howeverPlato smiling in the wingsall perceptual experience references something beyond and independent of our perception of it.
Existentialism
Heidegger also had a significant hand in existentialism. The existentialist, by definition, focuses on the personal: on individual existence, subjectivity, and choice.
Its two central doctrines hold that there is no such thing as a fixed human essence structuring our lives and, further, that our choices are always and only determined by free will.
According to existentialism, we determine or create our individual selves by the choices we make in life. This, of course, implies that human beings have enormous freedom. In fact, existentialists asserted human free will is so powerful that it overwhelms many individuals, who then flee freedom by falsely assuming religion, science, or other external factors as shackles to limit that freedoma flight, also, responsibility.
Apart from Heidegger, prominent existentialist thinkers include Simone de Beauvoir and her companion Jean-Paul Sartre, philosopher, novelist, and playwright.
Analytic Philosophy
At the end of the First World War, another flavor of philosophy rose to prominence in the United Kingdom: the Analytic. This movement shifted its investigative focus from philosophys traditional questions of life and truth and what is to those of language, which the movement claimed was now philosophys proper purview.
Most analytic philosophers asserted that a significant number of issues prominent in the history of philosophy are, in fact, unimportant or even meaningless because they arose when philosophers misunderstood or misused language.
Analytic philosophy is squarely based upon the assumption that a careful analysis of language its use in describing philosophical concepts can clear up these problems and confusions.
Naturally, if we hold widely divergent definitions of various key concepts, and then perhaps widely divergent definitions of the words constituting the original definitions, yes, then communication will then suffer serious setbacks, and disagreements and arguments will surely ensue.
One can question, however, to what degree earlier philosophers simply cross-defined each other, or whether this was a whole movement putting linguistic blinders on because they could not face the more (and bleeding) realistic issues at hand.
Be that as it may, the two founding fathers of Analytic Philosophy were British philosopher and mathematician Bertrand Russell and Austrian-born British philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein.
Russell, quite naturally and strongly influenced by the precision of his first love, mathematics, wished to construct a logical language so precise that it would, beyond discussion or argument, reflect the nature of the world.
He reasoned that what he called the surface grammar of everyday language in the streets masks a true, and infinitely more precise, logical grammar, a thorough knowledge of which is a prerequisite to understanding the true (philosophical and logical) meaning of statements.
Russell and many of his colleagues and followers went so far as to assert that any complex statements can be reduced to simple components; should such a statements internal logic not permit such distillation and reduction, then it must be meaninglessquite an assumption.
Russells view was to be central to the founding of the so-called Vienna Circle, a group of analytic philosophers active from about 1920 to 1950, led by Rudolf Carnap and Moritz Schlick.
The members of the Vienna Circle were all scientists or mathematicians as well as philosophers, and their musings and speculations originated the movement known as logical positivism. They speculated that the clarification of meaning is philosophys job one, and that all meaningful statements are either scientifically (or experientially) verifiable statements about the world or else logical tautologies (self-evident propositions).
According to the Vienna Circle, the discovery of new facts belonged to science and science alone, and metaphysicsthe subsequent construction of comprehensive truths about realitywas nothing but pretentious pseudo-science. 
Wittgenstein, who studied with Russell at Cambridge University, was perhaps the most important of the analytic philosophers, eclipsing even his famous colleague. Like Russell, he distrusted ordinary, day-to-day language. In his Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus (published in 1921) Wittgenstein declared that philosophy aims at the logical clarification of thoughts.
Indeed, philosophys function, he believed, was to monitor the use of language by reducing complex statements to their elementary components and by rebuffing all attempts to misuse words in creating the illusion of philosophical depthsomething he though fraudulent.
What can be said at all can be said clearly, he said, and what we cannot talk about [clearly] we must consign to silence.
The Tractatus did make important contributions not only to the philosophy of language and logic, but also to the philosophy of mathematics.
Granted, the account of language in Wittgensteins later work was much richer and more sophisticated than that in the Tractatus, but Wittgenstein never abandoned his radical early views on the nature of philosophy as outlined in the Tractatus.
The Constructivists vs. the Descriptives
As the analytic movement took hold and grew, different ideas emerged about how to best proceed with philosophical analysis. A group called constructivists, inspired by Russell, the early writings of Wittgenstein, and the logical positivists, argued that the solutions to philosophical problems lie in using tools of logic to create more precise technical vocabularies.
Again, all down to language.
Two leading representatives of this movement were the American philosophers Nelson Goodman and W. V. Quine. Quine saw language and logic as themselves embodying theories about reality, rather than consisting of theory-neutral tools of analysis.
By contrast, the descriptivists maintained that philosophical analysis should focus on the careful study of the everyday usage of crucial terms, since that would more closely approached agreed upon truth (among people in general). The descriptivists were formed and roused primarily by the British philosophers G. E. Moore, Gilbert Ryle, and John Austin.
Although the more radical formulations of analytic philosophy from the first half of the 20th century are no longer heeded by the philosophical community, later analytic philosophy continues to flourish.
Many later philosophers adopted ideas, methods, or values from this movement, including the Americans Donald Davidson, Hilary Putnam, and Saul Kripke. Additionally, analytic philosophy has widely influenced the training and practices of philosophers today.
This has brought both good and ill in its wake On the one hand, its tenets have led to a renewed commitment to clarity, concision, incisiveness, and to new depth in philosophical thinking and writing.
On the other hand, it has also brought many philosophers to such difficult and obscure technical language (in direct opposition to the tenets of the school, one would be forgiven for thinking) to such an extent that their ideas are accessible to only a small community of specialistsa pattern that usually spells doom for the school so afflicted.
Postmodern Philosophy
Despite the Analytics call for simplified language and terminology, the opposite seems to be the order of the day in may postmodern philosophical texts, although the difficulties and convolutions in this case are more often than not intentional and reflect specific postmodern claims about the nature of language and meaningthat there is no meaning and that truth (if there were such a thing) cannot be communicated.
The literal meaning of postmodernism is after modernism, and in many ways postmodernism is a thinly veiled, if not outright attack on the modernist claims about the existence of such philosophical goals as truth and value.
In disputing past assumptions, postmodernists, in their rather apathetic approach, point to inadequacy of language as a mode of communication.
Leading this band of obstructionists (in my view) are French philosophers Jacques Derrida and Michel Foucault, and psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan.
Derrida
Derrida is credited with having originated a philosophical method called deconstruction, a system of analysis that (rather hopelessly) assumes that any given text has no single, fixed meaning, both due to inadequacy of language to express the authors original intention and because a readers understanding of the text is culturally conditionedthat is, influenced by the culture in which the reader lives.
In other words, Derrida holds that texts may therefore have many possible legitimate interpretations brought about by the play of language, and that no one can say for certain what any given author actually meant to say.
Derridas method of deconstruction involves close and careful readings of central texts of Western philosophy that bring to light some of the conflicting forces within the text and that highlight the devices the text uses to claim legitimacy and truth for itself, many of which may lie beyond the intention of its author.
So, rather than observe the universe around him, the people around him, and the universe within in order to perceive and establish what may ultimately be real and true (which was the goal of ancient philosophy, and should be the goal of philosophy to this day), Derrida immersed himself in the paper and ink universe of the opinions of othersthe lamentable results.
Although, at a glance, some of Derridas ideas about language seem to resemble the views held by the analytics, such as Wittgenstein, many current analytics (rightly, in my view) dismiss Derridas work as destructive of philosophy.
Foucault
Foucaultanother philosopher to immerse himself in the universe of paper and inkspent his productive life creating a savage critique of the ideals of the Enlightenment, such as reason and truth.
Like Derrida, Foucault used myopic readings of historical texts (rather than looking at life for himself) to challenge assumptions by demonstrating how, in his view, ideas about human nature and society, which we havebased on both readings and on personal experiencecome to see as permanent truths, have changed over time along with prevailing cultures.
From a small library of historical texts Foucault created philosophical anthropologies to trace and reveal the evolution of concepts such as reason, madness, responsibility, punishment, and power. By examining the origins of these concepts, he proclaimed, we cannot help but see that attitudes and assumptions that today seem natural or even inevitable are nothing but historical phenomena dependent upon time and place.
He further claimed that the historical development of these ideas demonstrates that what seemed humane and liberal at the time are in reality coercive and destructive, as they hold up as beacons what has already grown outmoded, and what never had any real meaning in the first place.
My word for this outlook is apathy. Literally, throwing in the philosophical towel after too long a swim in nothing but the words of others.
In fact, while this movement was called deconstructivism, I think a more apt name would be destructivism, for it seems that the unexpressed goal of hopelessness this school pursued was the tearing down of anything even vaguely resembling truth and decency.
Lacan
Lacan agreed with both Derrida and Foucault, in order to get at what is, you first have to overturn all cultural and philosophical assumptions, as they do nothing but stand in your way.
Once overturned, however, he, like Derrida and Foucault, put nothing in its place, but simply held that nothing means anything and that words cannot be trusted.
Again, rather than looking for himself, he immersed himself in the research and writings of others, primarily by the Swiss linguist Ferdinand de Saussure and the psychoanalytic theories of Sigmund Freud. Based on his own readings of these works, Lacan went on to claim that the unconscious portion of the mind (which he could not observe, since he assumed it to be unconscious) operates with structures and rules analogous to those of a language. Based on this, rather unjustified assumption, he proceeded to criticize both psychoanalytic theory and philosophy.
On the one hand, he believed that linguistic concepts could clarify and correct Freuds picture of the mind and so provide psychoanalysis with greater philosophical depth. On the other hand, he maintained that applying psychoanalytic methods and theories to linguistics would radically revise traditional philosophical views of language and reason.
However, he never clarified which lackingand in need of revision by the other discipline was to be corrected first by the other, also lackingand in need of revisiondiscipline. In fact, his assumption is soon reduced to an irrational circle of impossibility.
Destructivism, indeed.
Feminist Philosophy
The rise of feminist philosophy also challenge the basic principles of traditional Western philosophy, in an attempt to investigate how such philosophical inquiry would have been different had it been conducted by women instead of men. If traditional Western philosophy had incorporated womens experiences as well as their viewpoints.
In interpreting the history of Western philosophy, and in trying to shed its conclusions of perceived male bias, the feminists study texts by male philosophers specifically for their depiction of women, for masculine values, and male bias.
Feminist philosophersconvinced that truth might be gender basedalso stress womens experiences of subjectivity, their relationship to their bodies, and feminist concepts of language, knowledge, and nature.
They also explore connections between feminism in philosophy and other emerging feminist disciplines, such as feminist legal theory, feminist theology, and ecological feminism.
Central to feminist philosophy is the actual or perceived oppression of women who lived or live in patriarchal (male-controlled) societies. In fact, much of the work of feminist philosophers has gone into not understanding a transcendent (and gender-neutral) truth but to survey and understand patriarchy and to developing alternatives to it.
Whereas it is true that patriarchal societies have (perhaps not as a rule, but nonetheless) suppressed the rights and views of women, I do not believe that this phenomenon, if thats the right word, is the purview of philosophy (the love of truth) but belongs in the field of social and cultural science.
Environmental Philosophy
Another branch of philosophy that perhaps would be better served by a natural science approach, is thats been termed environmental philosophy. This school concerns itself with issues that arise when human beings interact with the environmentas if they were different from the environment.
Some of the questions asked by environmental philosophy are whether or not a fundamental transformation of society is necessary for the survival of living organisms and the environment? Also, how is the exploitation of nature related to the subjugation of women and other oppressed humans?
Also, how can the philosophical study of the environment guide and inspire effective environmental activism.
Thus, the environmental philosopher seeks to apply philosophical methods and ideas in collaboration with academics and activists working in the environmental sciences, theology, and feminism. Again, I ask myself if this branch of study rightly belongs in the field of philosophy, and if it would not be better served by the natural sciences.
That said, the most prominent advocates of environmental philosophy are Norwegian philosopher Arne Naess and American naturalist, conservationist, and philosopher Aldo Leopold.
Naess founded the deep-ecology movement in the 1970s. This movement distinguishes between shallow ecologywhich views nature in terms of its value to human beingsand deep ecology, which values nature as a whole, independently of its usefulness to humanity.
Leopoldrightly, in my viewcalled for the extension of ethical concern to include all life on Earth, not just human life.
My point, though, is that this school assumes a contentious relationship between humans and the rest of life. We are not different from, but part of nature. It is not a matter of us and them. We are all in the same boat, so to speak.
The goal of philosophy is the attainment of ultimate truththis has been its goal since the inception of the discipline, a goal shared by science and religion. As the number of humans proliferated through time, so, it seems, proliferated the branches of philosophy into a network of almost untraceable complexity.
Of course we need to consider all life, as part of it, but the breaking down philosophy into micro-philosophies not for the sake of ultimate truth but rather to solve some societal or natural problem, this, to me, is taking the discipline in a wrong, and ever more complex, direction.
All great truths are basically simple. We need to head back for this simplicity.
Contemporary Political Philosophy
Another branch of philosophy that I would probably deem micro, is its political branch. As a discipline this does date back to Plato and Aristotle who often contemplated and discussed the nature of the ideal government and the ideal society.
Political philosophy (lost through the middle ages) resurrected with its theories on individual liberty and political institutions put forth by Hobbes, Mill, and Rousseau.
Today, political philosophy features a dialogue between defenders of the liberal position and defenders of the communitarian position.
The liberal position places the highest value on individual liberties; whereas the communitarians argue that extreme individual freedom undermines shared community values. 
According to liberalism the chief benefits of government and society are personal and political freedoms, such as freedom of speech, freedom of association, and freedom of conscience (belief). Many liberal theorists view the freedom to make moral choices as the most important freedom and argue that political and social systems should be organized to allow individuals the freedom to pursue their own ideas about happiness.
Communitarians respond that granting individuals too much freedom of choice ultimately limits human experience by undermining shared communal values, claiming that by ignoring the importance of community, liberalism disregards humanitys social nature.
Applied Ethics
Although most contemporary philosophy is (far too) highly technical and therefore more or less inaccessible to non-specialists, some contemporary philosophers do concern themselves with practical questions and strive to give a helping hand to current culture.
Whereas, as Ive mentioned above, I believe philosophy may not be the best discipline for these efforts, many practitioners of feminist philosophy, environmental philosophy, and areas of contemporary political philosophy seek to use the tools of philosophy to resolve current issues directly related to peoples lives.
And nowhere, it seems, have philosophers embraced practical relevance more than in the field we now call contemporary applied ethics. First gaining traction in the 1960s, this discipline addresses the general (and universal) theme of How should we live and die?a question quite familiar to the ancient Greeks as well.
This general and universal schoolas seems to be a requirement these dayssoon divided into separate areas of specialization, such as biomedical ethics and business ethics.
Biomedical ethics deals with questions arising from the life sciences and human health care, and is in turn divided into two subspecialties: bioethics and medical ethics.
Bioethicists study the ethical implications of advances in genetics and biotechnology, such as genetic testing, genetic privacy, cloning, and new reproductive technologies.
Much of the work in medical ethics directly affects the everyday practice of medicine, and most nursing students and medical students now take courses in this field. 
Business ethicists apply ethical theories and techniques to moral issues arising in business. What responsibilities, if any, do corporations have to their employees, their customers, their shareholders, and the environment?
These days, most students in business also take courses in business ethics, and many large corporations regularly consult with specialists in the field.
Business ethics also addresses larger topics, such as the ethics of globalization and the moral justification of various economic systems, such as capitalism and socialism.
Micro Philosophies
As I mentioned earlier, as we have travel philosophys path up the centuries perhaps the most striking observation is how diversified this once single and august subject has become.
Initially, philosophy embraced science as well, but this discipline soon took off on its own adventure. At the outset, philosophy, to a large extent, also involved religious questions, but these, especially in the West and with the advent of Christianity, were soon subordinated to the practice of religion (which, jealously, defended this domain for hundreds of years to follow).
Entering upon the 21st century, what was once a single search for and pursuit of truth has become a near jungle of offshoots and sub branches, all too specialized for any normal main-in-the-street person to follow and understand.
True, with the proliferation of not only the Earths population but also her technologies, specialization seems to be the bane of the a age, still, fact remains that a single pursuit of ultimate truth has now been more or less buried under the weight of endless micro-philosophies.
That said, lets see how we fared over the years in the East.
Chinese Philosophy
Here, Ill use Chinese Philosophy as an umbrella designation for the various schools of thought originated by Chinese philosophers.
Surveying history, we see that Chinese philosophy passed through three distinct historical stages: the classical age, a creative period from the 6th to the early 2nd century BCE; the medieval age, from the late 2nd century BCE to the 17th century CE, a period of synthesis and absorption of foreign thought; and the modern age, from the late 17th century to the present, a period of maturation of earlier philosophical trends and introduction of new philosophies from the West.
Classical Age
The classical age of Chinese philosophy did not gain traction until the late years of the Zhou (Chou) dynastywhich lasted from about 1045 BCE to 256 BCE. During this era of political and social turmoil, feudal states long subordinate to the house of Zhou rose to newfound economic and military strength and moved toward independence.
When the power of these combined feudal states began to eclipse that of Zhou, the bonds between them ruptured and widespread interstate warfare broke out. This was during the Spring and Autumn period (722-481 BCE), which then developed into outright political anarchy during the Warring States period (403-221 BCE).
Meanwhile, new currents of trade and commerce were disrupting Chinas simple agricultural society, bringing additional social and economic changes in their wake. In this climate of political anarchy and social upheaval emerged a new class of scholar-official: men who aspired through their learning and wisdom to reunify the empire and restore societal order.
Confucius and Later Disciples
The most important of these scholar-officials was Confucius (551-479 BCE)known in Chinese as Kungzi or Kung-tzu. He was a minor aristocrat and official of the state of Lu (in what is now Shandong Province) who spent most of his life as an itinerant scholar-teacher as well as an adviser to the rulers of various Chinese states.
Confucius believed that the best, if not only, way to reform society was to look at its citizens and to cultivate ethical behavior in individuals. And not only in citizens but also, and perhaps especially, in rulers and their ministers because leaders serve as important role models for their people. 
Confucius did not speak directly (at least not officially) on such philosophical issues as the nature of human beings, or the influence of the supernatural in human affairs; however, two of his 4th and 3rd century BCE disciples, Mencius (in Chinese, Mengzi or Meng-Tzu) and Xunzi (Hsn-tzu), did address them.
Mencius held that human nature is good and that it can be developed not only by study, as Confucius had taught, but also by cultivating (by practice and reflection) ones innate tendencies, such as our compassion for the suffering of others and our disdain for doing what is wrong.
Xunzi took a diametrically opposite view of human nature. He held that humans are not virtuous at heart, but that they could improve through education, the study of the classics, and the practice of ritual. Thus virtue could be acquired and order reestablished in society.
Mencius thought virtue was something that must be developed, as a tree grows from a sprout, while Xunzi thought that human beings must be reshaped, as a piece of wood is carved into a useful object.
Taoism and Other Important Schools
If Confucianism was the first great philosophy of the classical age, then Taoism was the second.
The traditional view is that Taoism was originated by Lao Tzu, who we assume was a contemporary of Confucius. Legendand popular opinionhas it that he wrote the Tao Te Ching (Classic of the Way and Its Virtue) at the behest of the gates keeper who would not let him out of the city unless he did (Lao Tzu, apparently, had had it with men and their ways and sought some peace at some far remove in nature).
However, many scholars today believe that there was no single person who wrote the Tao Te Ching, but rather that it is an anthology of sayings by different authors and was composed as late as the 3rd century BCE.
A common thread throughout the Tao Te Ching is the Tao (way), an entity, or a concept, that both creates the world and determines how things should live. The Tao Te Ching suggests that what Confucius and his followers celebrate as virtues and culture are in reality but artificial corruptions of the original simplicity of the Tao. Were humans to follow the Tao instead, they would live in peace and contentment in simple agrarian communities.
When the School of Taoism first began to look for its roots, sometime around 100 BCE, it identified three great founder teachers. These were, and still are, Lao Tzu, Chuang Tzu and Lieh Tzu.
Taoism is the search for the Tao, the Way of Nature which, if you could become part of it, would take you to the edge of reality and beyond. One of the core teachings of Taoism is that:
The Tao that can be talked about is not the true Tao.
The name that can be named is not the eternal Name.
In the light of this, perhaps it should not come as a surprise that, of these three founder-figures, only one can be definitely rooted in a given time and place. For Lao Tzu may well never have existed, and even if he did, he most likely did not write the Tao Te Ching, the book usually ascribed to him as author. Lieh Tzu may also be a fictional figure. Again, even if he did exist, the book which bears his name contains few of his actual words and was probably composed some six hundred or more years after his supposed lifetime.
Which leave us with Chuang Tzu.
The Tao Te Ching is one of the most widely translated and admired texts in the world. But many scholars believe that another Taoist text, the Chuang Tzu, is a greater work of philosophy and literature. The Chuang Tzu is named after its author, the scholar Chuang Tzu, who wrote in the 4th century BCE.
His work agrees with the Tao Te Ching that human civilization is an artificial creation that does not correspond to reality. But Chuang Tzu then goes on to say that one can see through this artificiality and be freed from concerns over profit and loss, and life and death, while still participating in ordinary society.
Other Classical Schools
Among the other important schools of the classical period we find Mohism and naturalism.
Mohism, founded by Mozi (Mo-tzu) during the 5th century BCE, taught strict utilitarianism and mutual love among all people regardless of family or social relationships.
During the 4th century BCE naturalism offered an analysis of the workings of the universe based upon certain cosmic principles. The best known of these principles were yin and yang, which represented the interacting dualities of nature, such as female and male, shadow and light, and winter and summer.
Legalism
During the chaotic years of the 4th and 3rd centuries BCE, legalism emerged as the dominant philosophy in the state of Qin (Chin). Two disciples of Xunzi, Han Fei (Han Fei-tzu) and Li Si (Li Ssu), were, respectively, the leading philosopher and the leading practitioner of this almost ber-utilitarian philosophy. The Legalists (with a touch of Marx to follow) based their ideas on Xunzis teachings that human nature was evil, but took things one step further by rejecting his optimism that humans could be ethically perfected. Rather, they claimed that strict controls were needed to regulate human conduct (read: police state).
Based on this philosophy, the Legalists then proceeded to develop the model for the Chinese bureaucratic government with a view that officials must be assigned precise responsibilities and rewarded if they met those responsibilities, but punished if they failed to meet them.
Not surprisingly, Legalism proved an effective instrument in creating a powerful military and economic system in the state of Qintotalitarian though it might have been. And like any state based on might and sword, by 221 BCE, Qin had succeeded in conquering the other feudal states and establishing a unified, centrally administered empire (see Qin dynasty).
Qin rule was characterized by strict laws, harsh punishment, rigid thought control (for example, the burning of all non-Legalist books in 213 BCEagain, about as totalitarian, about as 1984ish as you could possibly wish), government control of the economy, and enormous public works projects, such as an early version of the Great Wall, accomplished with forced labor and at great cost in human life.
However, it was not long before the oppressive rule of the Qin dynasty drove its subjects to rebellion. In 206 BCE a rebel leader of plebeian origin proclaimed the Han dynasty. He did however retain the Legalist-inspired centralized administration which, in some form or another, stayed in place until 1912. However, Government controls over the economy and ideology were relaxed.
Medieval AgeHan Confucianism
The philosophers of the Han dynasty weaved its own philosophy from strands that included the yin-yang cosmology of the naturalists, the Taoist concern for perceiving and harmonizing with the order of nature, Confucian teachings on benevolent government, rule by virtuous leaders, and respect for learning, as well as the Legalist principles of administration and economic development.
This philosophy, eventually termed Han Confucianism, was officially patronized by the government from 136 BCE and subsequently became the required learning for government service.
During the 2nd and 3rd centuries CE, a variety of social and economic causes saw the downfall of the Han dynasty, leading to renewed political disunity and foreign invasion.
The philosophical void created by the collapse of Han Confucianism was filled by both Taoism and later by Buddhism, a philosophy then new to China. While one faction of Taoist philosophers attempted to reconcile the Confucian teachings of social responsibility with the naturalness and mysticism of Taoism, another faction sought escape the issue altogether by donning blinders and proclaim that pleasureand its pursuitis the only good in the world.
Buddhism
In the 1st century, Buddhism began to filter into China from India, and flow that kept up well through the 6th century. These new teachings offered true escape from the sufferings of life and from the endless reincarnation caused by human desires.
During this time, the Chinese Buddhist philosophers of the Tiantai sect formulated the doctrine of the Perfectly Harmonious Threefold Truth to explain the nature of existence. This view held that things are fundamentally empty because everything depends on something else to cause it to exist; however, things do have a temporaryif briefexistence, and so the everyday world is not a complete illusion.
Neo-Confucian Period
During the Tang dynasty (618-907) Buddhism and Taoism remained the dominant philosophies initially, but Confucianism alone among the three prevailing schools offered a political and social philosophy suited to the needs of a large centralized empire.
Consequently, it was almost inevitable that there would be a revival of Confucian cultural and philosophical thought. This revival became known as DaoxueThe Study of the Waywhich we usually call neo-Confucianism.
The newfound hold of neo-Confucianism, along with first a healthy respect and then fear on the part of the government regarding the growing power of Buddhist monasteries, culminated in persecutions of Buddhists and Taoists during the Tang dynasty. However, both Taoism and Buddhism had found the hearts of many educated Chinese and lived on in their personal lives and in their relationships with nature.
Neo-Confucianism reached intellectual maturity during the Song dynasty (960-1279 CE). Neo-Confucians of this period held that the universe and everything in it has two aspects: li and qi. Li, usually translated as principle, can be understood as the structure or organizing principle of everything in the universe. It is fully present in each thing that exists. The li determines why things are the way they are, and how they ought to be.
Qi, for which there is no standard English translation, is a spontaneously moving and self-generating physical substance that comes in varying degrees of clarity or murkiness. 
While li is the same in everything, qi is what gives things their distinctive qualities. As an example, the qi of a dog is seen as murkier than the qi of a human, and that is what makes humans more intelligent than dogs.
The qi of a plant, on the other hand, is murkier than the qi of a dog, so dogs can think and perceive, whereas plants cannot (at least not as far as we know). The qi of a rock is murkier still, so a plant is alive, while a rock is not. The qi also distinguishes different individuals within kinds. Thus, your qi is different from my qi even though we are both humans. And if you are more virtuous than I, your qi is less turbid murky mine, ethics and virtue being what brings clarity to qi.
The neo-Confucians believed that these ideas made explicit what earlier sages such as Confucius and Mencius had meant, but theyunwittingly or unconsciouslyborrowed heavily from both Buddhism and Daoism. In fact, the very term li first gained prominence in Taoist texts, and was adopted by Huayan Buddhists well before the Confucians took it up.
At the same time, though, many neo-Confucians accused the Buddhists of selfishly trying to escape this world rather than trying to improve it, even though most Buddhists stressed compassion for the suffering of this world and some Buddhists even maintained that nirvana was not a state separate from this world but rather a way of viewing this world.
It should be stressed that both neo-Confucians and Buddhists aimed at self-cultivation by discovering truths about themselves and the world through reason, observation, or meditation.
However, the emphasis on discovery contrasted with the views of Mencius, who, instead, advocated developing our inclinations toward virtue, and of Xunzi, who encouraged us to reform our evil nature.
As neo-Confucianism developed further, it found expression through three different schools: the School of Principle, the School of Mind, and the School of Evidential Learning.
School of Principle
The 12th-century Neo-Confucian Chu Hsi, who is credited with perfecting the doctrines of the School of Principle, was the most influential Chinese philosopher since Mencius. Chu Hsi identified the Sishu (Four Books) as the core of a Confucian education: the Daxue (Great Learning), the Lunyu (Analects), the Mengzi (Book of Mencius), and the Zhongyong (Doctrine of the Mean). These books comprise compilations of the sayings of Confucius and Mencius and commentaries by their followers. The Four Books, along with Chu Hsis detailed commentary on them, became the basis of the civil service examinations in China and remained so until these examinations were finally eliminated in the early 20th century. 
What is distinctive about Chu Hsis neo-Confucianism is the view that our qi is so turbid initially that we cannot discover or own li. His view was that in order to clarify our personal qi and so achieve enlightenment, we must carefully study the Four Books under the guidance of a wise teacher.
School of Mind
The neo-Confucian School of Mind was founded by Lu Xiangshan, a contemporary of Chu Hsi, but its greatest advocate was Wang Yangming, a philosopher, statesman, and general who wrote in the early 16th century.
Lu and Wang criticized Chu His and his followers for promoting a dangerous division between li and qi, and between knowledge and action.
Lu and Wang charged that Chu Hsis followers, because they stressed the need to clarify the qi in order to see the li, would become obsessed with studying how to be virtuous instead of actually being virtuous. They further stressed that knowledge and virtue are both within us. Every person can, they claimed, perceive what li means for them to do, if they would just use their minds in an effort to do so.
Modern PeriodSchool of Evidential Learning
During the Qing dynasty (mid-17th century), Confucian philosophers reexamined the preceding Ming dynasty in order to discover what led to its downfall. This approach was to become known as the School of Evidential Learning, and it rejected both the School of Principles speculation on li and qi and what it saw as subjectivisman emphasis on the individual mindamong Wang Yangmings followers.
Instead, the School of Evidential Learning called for renewed study of the classical texts in order to rediscover Confucianisms true ethical (and sociopolitical) doctrines. This approach produced a highly critical spirit and precise scientific methods of textual verification. 
The greatest philosopher of this school was Tai Chen. During the 18th century he provided precise textual arguments to demonstrate that the Neo-Confucians were in fact projecting Buddhist concepts onto the Confucian Classicsconcepts alien to these works, and concluded that this had resulted in Neo-Confucians identifying truth or principle with their own subjective judgment.
He then went on to assert that li could be found only in things and that it could only be studied objectively through the collection and analysis of factual data.
As this school concentrated on the study of human affairs it produced distinguished scholarship in philology, phonology, and historical geography, but very little or worth in the natural sciences.
Chinese Philosophy from the 19th Century to the Present
During the 19th century, the shortcomings of Neo-Confucianism became quite clear. Speculation on the nature of reality provided no workable explanation for the changes that the now encroaching West necessitated in China, and its traditional ethics seemed only to impede, if not outright frustrate, Chinese attempts to modernize.
In the 1890s, however, a brilliant young philosopher named Kang Yuwei made a radical attempt to adapt Confucianism to the intruding modern world. In his revolutionary treatise Confucius as a Reformer, Kang claimed to have discovered Confucian authority for a sweeping reform of Chinese political and social institutions, reforms that were vital if China were to resist the force of Western imperialism.
However, Kangs Confucian reform program, although implemented briefly in 1898, was impeded by the entrenched power of Cixi, Chinas conservative empress dowager, and other advocates of the status quo in the imperial government. As a result, Kang was exiled.
A new (and ultimately unsuccessful) attempt to revive Confucian ethics was later made by Nationalist leader Chiang Kai-shek in his New Life Movement of the 1930s.
Beginning in the 1890s, and over the next several decades, many Western philosophical ideas were brought to China by students returning from North America and Europe.
The two most influential of these philosophies were pragmatism and Marxism.
Chinese pragmatism, illustrated in the writings of Hu Shia student of American philosopher John Deweyconceived of ideas as instruments to cope with actual situations and emphasized results. This made it well suited as a philosophy of reform, and so played an important role in the New Culture Movement (begun in 1917), which sought to modernize Chinese social and intellectual life.
By 1924, however, pragmatism had begun to decline in popularity, and the social and political philosophy of Karl Marx, whose works had become widely known in China as early as 1919, now became the philosophy of the Chinese Communist Party and went on to dominate Chinese thought for decades after the Communists gained control of the country in 1949.
The best known of the 20th-century Confucian philosophers is Fung Youlan, who reconstructed the Neo-Confucian School of Principle using Western philosophical concepts, especially those of the ancient Greek philosopher Plato.
In the 1960s Fung, under intense pressure from supporters of Chinese leader Mao Zedong, adopted the historical materialism of Marx and revised his 1931 work, The History of Chinese Philosophy, according to the ideas of Marxism-Leninism.
In recent decades, the Chinese government, although officially still Communist, has moved away from rigid intellectual orthodoxy and allowed more discussion of other philosophies. This relaxation led to the so-called high-culture fever of the 1980s, during which intellectuals passionately debated the merits of a wide variety of native and foreign philosophies, including Confucianism, rationalism, hermeneutics (interpretation of texts), European versions of Marxism, and postmodernism.
Intellectual discussion in China cooled somewhat after the Tiananmen Square protest of 1989, but the intellectual scene remains diverse and vibrant, with no one philosophical position dominating discussion. 
Some of the most serious discussions of Chinese philosophy occurred in the West during the late 1990s and early 2000s. There has been keen Western interest in Chinese thought, especially in Taoism, since the 1960s, and Chinese philosophy has slowly gained increased acceptance and recognition among Western philosophers.
Indian Philosophy
It should surprise no one that Indian Philosophy is only rivaled by Chinese philosophy when it comes to Eastern traditions of abstract inquiry. Indian philosophy, normally expressed in Sanskrit, comprises many diverse schools of thought and perspectives and includes a substantial body of intellectual debate and argumentation among the various views.
Among the main classical schools of Indian thought we find: (1) the so-called orthodox schools of Hindu philosophyincluding Exegesis (Mimamsa), Vedanta and its numerous sub-schools, Atomism (Vaisheshika), Logic (Nyaya), Analysis (Samkhya), and Yoga; and (2) the Buddhist (so-called nonorthodox) schools of Madhyamika, Buddhist Idealism (Yogacara), and Abhidharma (which includes numerous sub-schools).
Indian philosophy also comprises the materialist and skeptical philosophies of Carvaka and the religious schools of Jainism.
What is known as Classical (as different from Ancient) Indian philosophy extends from approximately 100 BCE to 1800 CE, marking the beginning of the modern period.
Ancient Indian thought, which is also philosophic in a broader sense, originated as early as 1500 BCE and appears in scriptures known as the Veda. Ancient Indian philosophy also includes the mystical explanations and elaborations on the Vedas known as Upanishads (700 BCE to 400 BCE), as well as early Buddhist writings (300 BCE to 500 CE), and the Sanskrit poem Bhagavad-Gita (Song of the Lord, 200 BCE to 200 CE).
Classical Indian philosophy is less concerned with spirituality than is Ancient antecedent; rather, it concentrates on practical of how people can know and communicate about everyday affairs.
The practical Indian philosophy of the later classical and modern periods is distinguished from most other Indian religious and spiritual thought; there are, however, some exceptions.
Among them are philosophies represented by famous advocates of ancient Indian spiritual views, such as mystic philosopher Sri Aurobindo Ghosea nationalist revolutionary who opposed British rule of India in the early 20th centuryand Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, who was president of India from 1962 to 1967, i.e., in the period immediately following the country's struggle for independence.
Indian philosophy (as distinguished from Indian Religions Mysticism) is nonetheless extensive, rich, and complex. Scholars analyze not only its significance and its insights, but also its classical teachings about knowledge and language. Meanwhile, the majority of Western students of Indian thought have been drawn to its religious and mystical teachings.
Relationship with Western Philosophy
It is well established that Indian and Western civilizations have maintained some form of contact for at least 2500 years. In the 4th century BCE, for example, the Greek emperor Alexander took troops across the Indus River, which borders the western edge of the Indian subcontinent.
Even so, while trade to have continued, political contact between India and the West was largely insignificant until the 16th century.
While some scholars have argued that Platonism (the philosophy of ancient Greek thinker Plato) and neo-Platonism (a 3rd-century movement based on Platonism) were greatly influenced by Indian thought, it is now thought that the traditions of Indian and Western philosophy developed largely in ignorance of one another, and, until modern times, showed few signs of influencing one another.
Most ethical teachings in Indian philosophy are found in Indian literature but are also influenced by religious association.
The Indian classical philosopher often contemplates ethics in connection with ancient Indian views about actions, or habits (karma), and rebirth. Nevertheless, Indian philosophy is also characterized by a highly refined ethical sensibility, common among Jainism, Buddhism, and Hinduism, along with standards of character and conduct that are common to many other culturesi.e., to man as a sentient species.
Influence of Religion
Indian philosophy before 100 BCE cannot be meaningfully separated from religion, primarily because of the cultural integration of religious practices and mystical pursuits.
Take, for example, ceremonies celebrating birth, marriage, and death. They are (and stillin orthodox societysometimes are) performed with recitations of Vedic verses (mantras). Later in classical Indian philosophy, different (non-orthodox) social practices developed. Thus, the orthodox classical schools of thought are often distinguished from non-orthodox classical schools by their allegiance to established forms of social practice rather than to the doctrines of the Veda.
Buddhism, on the other hand, constitutes much more of a break with Vedic practices than with the ideas developed in Vedic traditions of thought. In fact, the Upanishadsthe mystical treatises continuous with the Vedasforetell many Buddhist teachings. In ancient India, religion did not entail dogma so much as a way of life that permitted individual spiritual inquiry.
Mysticismthe claim that ultimate truth is only obtainable through spiritual experiencedominates much ancient Indian philosophy. Such experiences are thought to reveal a supreme and transmundane (beyond ordinary experience) reality and to provide (first-hand) the meaning of life.
This mysticism shapes much classical and modern Indian thought as well. It is quote commonly held that through meditation and the meditative techniques of yoga one can discover one's true self (atman), or God (Brahman), or one can reach enlightenment (nirvana).
The presumed indications of mystical experiences, such as the personal seeing of atman or God, were a center of debate during the ancient period and went on to influence much subsequent Indian philosophy.
However, in some schools of classical Indian philosophy, such as Nyaya (Logic), neither religion nor mysticism is central. Rather, the questions of how it is that humans know what they knowand how they can truly mean what they sayare given priority.
History
When it comes to Indian thought, the oldest literature is the Veda.
The Veda is a collection of poems and hymns composed over several generations beginning around 1500 BCE. This collection composed in Sanskrit, the intellectual language of both ancient and classical Indian civilizationsthe Indian language of thought.
Four such Vedic collections were made, so we say, for convenience more than historical truth, that there are four Vedas, and these four, as a group, have since been considered as sacred Hindu texts.
Almost all of the Vedic poems are religious in nature and tend to concern the fates and tribulations of various gods. That said, many Vedic hymns and poems also address philosophic themes that grew more important in later periods, such as the henotheism that is now key to much Hindu theology.
Henotheism is the idea that one God, remaining one, takes on many different guises and forms, and that although individuals may worship several different manifestations of gods and goddesses, they really revere only the one Supreme Being.
While the Vedic hymns told the tales of Gods and Goddesses, Indian philosophy was established with the Upanishads (secret doctrines), the first of which may have been written in the 7th century BCE.
Among other things, it was the early Upanishads that gave birth to the view of Brahmanthe Absolute, or Godas in truth being the same as Atman and Atmanone's true self.
Buddhism, now a major world religion, also emerged during this ancient period of Indian philosophy. Gotama Siddhattha (the Buddha), founder of  Buddhism, lived during the 6th century BCE.
The Buddha preached a goal of a supreme personal good, which was enlightenment or nirvana, a state (or dimension) that may be compared to the later mystical so-called Brahman-knowledge of Upanishadic philosophy.
In the 3rd century BCE, during the reign of the Buddhist emperor Ashoka, a great canon of literaturenow known as the Pali Canonwas compiled from the long remembered and recited discourses of the Buddha.
Other Buddhist scriptures, that would eventually become the Canon for the Mahayana tradition, were composed later.
The great classical schools of Indian philosophysome number them at seven or eightwere first recorded in texts dating from as early as 100 BCE.
The founders of these schools are largely unknown except by traditional namessuch as Aksapada Gautama, generally viewed as the founder of the Logic (Nyaya) school, and Badarayana, with Vedanta.
Early classical Indian philosophy is expressed in aphoristic (sutra) texts complete with elaborate commentaries. The Sanskrit word sutra means thread and, by extension, an aphorism that captures a philosophic tenet in a succinct statement.
The sutra texts, usually accompanied with commentaries made by a second great thinker of a tradition, express world views, or philosophies, organized around reasons and arguments.
Outstanding thinkers in subsequent classical Indian philosophical writing include Buddhist Idealist Dharmakirti, who lived in the 7th century; Advaita Vedantin Samkara, of the 8th century; and Logic philosopher Gangesa, of the 14th century.
The writings of these men represented a gradual but steady advance in persuasiveness over previous arguments. As a whole, Indian philosophic reasoning and reflection advancedboth in overall sophistication of argument and in the volume and scope of new textsby the gradual effort of numerous authors, one building upon the thought efforts of his predecessors, ever refining and improving arguments of existing views and conclusions, much to the detriment (some hold) of fresh investigation into the perennial questions.
Indian Thought Exegesis
The Mimamsa-sutra of the Exegesis school appears to be the oldest text (100 BCE) of this then emergent philosophic sastra.
Exegesis as a school, is (to this day) primarily concerned with Vedic interpretation. Broad, philosophic questions such as Why is the Veda sacred? are addressed, and a generally realist view of nature (the belief that a world exists independent of the mind) and a common-sense view of knowledge (human beings know things by directly perceiving them or by deducing from other known things) grew to form the basis of the philosophic system.
Most philosophic efforts over the many centuries of this school have focused on the right way to live. Of late, however, Exegesis philosophy focuses less on dharma, and more attention is given to technical issues in the philosophy of language.
This school continues into the modern period.
Vedanta
Vedanta is another school with a long and distinguished history, as well as a bewildering number of sub-schools.
Modeling itself after the Upanishads, Vedantic philosophy may be said to fall into two large sub-schools: (1) Advaita (monistic or non-dual) Vedanta, and (2) theistic Vedanta.
The main bone of contention between the two schools is the reality of God, along with the reality of the world that God has created, or emanated. Advaita Vedanta holds that Ultimate Reality (Brahman) is identical with one's true self (Atman) and transcends all forms. Thus, God and the world are but illusions.
Theistic Vedantins hold that God and the world exist separately from one's self.
Since its inception, Vedanta has held an important place in Indian philosophy and is still the subject of serious study among present-day philosophers in India, as well as among Hindus throughout contemporary society.
Buddhism
Like Vedanta, Buddhism is also concerned with mystical experience.
Buddhist thinkers tend to compare the enlightenment (nirvana) experience to awakening from a dreamof course, the Sanskrit word buddha means awakened. Buddhist thinkers have contributed significantly to Indian epistemology and metaphysics, and have had a complex influence on its overall history.
Analysis and Yoga
Comparatively speaking, Analysis (Samkhya) and Yoga are relatively minor philosophies. Both emerged before the 2nd century BCE, but neither spawned a continuing philosophy comparable to that of the schools above, neither did they participate significantly in later classical debates.
The Analysis school subscribes to a metaphysical dualism and claims that two types of things ultimately existindividual souls and nature. This school devoted itself to analyzing nature in order to better view oneself as liberated from karma and rebirth: as pure and blissful, self-conscious, and aloof from nature.
The school of Yoga takes a similar metaphysical stance, though it alsoand primarily, especially these dayspursues a psychological and yogic-practice dimension that the Analysis school lacks.
Logic and Atomism
Two other schools, Logic (Nyaya) and Atomism (Vaisesika), specialize in questions of epistemology (nyaya means critical inquiry) and of the types of objects and generalities we experience every day.
Both schools have extensive literatures, and later Logic (after 1400) is known for its professional techniques of cognitive analysis.
Founded in the early classical period, both schools based their approach upon early sutra texts, and from their inception, Logic speculated about knowledge itself, while Atomism speculated about the things known.
For the next 1,000 or so years, their literatures remained distinct; however, the schools were combined by the great 11th-century innovator Udayana and after that have been known simply as Logic.
Carvaka
The Carvaka school, a classical school of materialism and skepticism, is primarily known for its sometimes ridiculing attacks on religious practices, but does, from a Western perspective, certainly evinces that not all classical Indian philosophy is religiously or mystically oriented.
While the Logic school also rejects the influence of religious beliefs, Carvaka, unlike Logic, goes beyond advocating knowledge based on natural experience by ridiculing what it sees as superstition, including the widely held Indian belief in rebirth.
Philosophical Perspectives
Most of the classical Indian schools present developed and distinct world views, and have formed comprehensive philosophies by fusing the positions of its metaphysics, epistemology, and ethics.
While it is true that systematic philosophies should stand on their own feet as whole bodies of thought, it sometimes serves a better view to separate and delineate the metaphysical, epistemological, and ethical issues within them, particularly in study and debate.
And when it comes to Indian philosophy, compartmentalizing its various branches also facilitates comparison with Western philosophy.
As follows:
Metaphysics
Spiritual metaphysicsa field that currently receives little attention among philosophers in academia in the Westponders the nature of a Supreme Being and its relation to the world.
Indian Buddhism, Advaita Vedanta, and theistic Vedanta all have contributed to this debate.
And when it comes to spiritual metaphysics, the almost uniform view that only one spiritual being, if being is even the right word, ultimately exists, is likely the most important consideration that Indian thought upholds, though with several variations:
Buddhist philosophy promotes the interdependence of everything; theistic Vedanta finds no gap between the world and Godthe world, in other words, is God's body; and Advaita Vedanta holds that everyone's true self is nothing other than Brahman, the Absolute.
The field of analytic metaphysicsas opposed to spiritual metaphysics which examines not the spirit and ultimate truth, but everyday experience and language, is currently more prominent among Western philosophers.
Epistemology
Being one of the more active branches of philosophy in the West, epistemology attempts to answer questions involving the nature and limits of knowledge itself.
When it comes to epistemology, the Indian Logic school does have much to offer for contemporary analysis, as does the school of Buddhist Idealism (Yogacara).
The Logic school lays out, with detailed elaboration, four methods of personal knowledge: perception; inference; analogical acquisition of vocabulary; and authoritative testimony.
Logic then goes on to challenges skepticismthe view that true knowledge is an impossibility. According to Logic, even though humans are fallible, they should assume that they are justified in their beliefs, and that any doubt of those beliefs should be reasonable or has to have its own grounds for consideration.
Much Western reflection (especially in the last two hundred years) assumes that any form of doubt undermines claims of knowledge.
Buddhist Idealism, meanwhile, takes a pragmatic middle ground between skepticism and Logic's defense of everyday beliefs. For the Buddhist Idealist, the test of truth is whether or not humans actually get what they wantand manage to avoid what they do not want.
Indian thought, with its wealth of mystical literature and philosophic defenses of mysticism, brings much to the epistemology of religious belief. In particular, many Indian philosophers, while of different schools, have over time held that mystical experience does, in fact, have objective epistemic value in revealing a spiritual reality, holding as parallel the value of mystical experience in revealing spiritual reality and the value of sense experience in revealing physical reality.
Ethics
As covered earlier, another major branch of Western philosophy is ethicsthe branch that examines human motivations and actions.
Indian interest in ethicsranging from the Buddhas ethical teachings of enlightenment, to the caste system of society, and to Mohandas Gandhi's political philosophy of non-injury (ahimsa)is far more widespread than interest in metaphysics or epistemology. The prevailing philosophy of non-injury is certainly a persuasive candidate for a universal ethical prescription to transcend the boundaries of culture as well as religion.
Naturally, the Indian philosophies concerning karma also contain a strong ethical element since these as a rule presuppose rebirth, whether in human or animal form, and whether in this or in other worlds. Since, according to karma, the nature of one's deeds determines one's future state, the universe includes the ethical laws of moral payback, and Indian classical philosophers weave numerous variations on such views into their overall beliefs, whether Buddhist, Vedantic, Logic, and Carvaka.
For the near Indian certainty that what you do unto others will in fact be done to youwhether in this or in a future life, whether now or tomorrow, is the essence of karma, and a good argument for a non-violent and ethical approach to life.
Contemporary Developments
Today, hardly any original philosophy is being written in Sanskrit.
Indian philosophers now write in either modern Indian languages or in English. Further, the relatively recent advent of scientific thought and of the modern university has drastically altered the Indian intellectual community, and classical philosophy survives mainly in the influences it exerts among its students.
That said, today, many philosophers, not only in India, but particularly so, have re-discovered and now champion important philosophic theses of classical Indian thought, and this movement may eventually bring a global standing to classical Indian philosophy comparable to that of classical Greek philosophy.
Tallest among those, and probably their philosophical father, stands the mystic and guru Sri Aurobindo Ghose who wrote his elegant arguments for a new Brahman-centered world, embracing both science and mysticism, in English.
The Path of Philosophy
If one fact emerges in the trace of the second whirlwind history of this paper, it would be that a lot of men (and women) have given this world and its riddles a lot of thought.
How come, thoughone can certainly be justified in asking oneselfare their answers to different?
How can two people, both human beings, both human minds, both human spirits, look at a problem and arrive at completely different solutions. Compare, say, Gandhi and Marx.
And how can one school of thought, and its many followers, arrive at the conclusion that there is no God, and that all there is to this world is matter, while another firmly believes that not only is there a God, but he (or she) has a thousand different faces.
How can one school arrive at the view that we should live for ourselves only, and only see to satisfying our own pleasures, while another school is convinced that we live for each other and must live for each other.
One school preaches the police state to control the inhabitants of the realm, while another is convinced that a societywhether a city-state or a countrycan only be changed (for the better) by changing each individual citizen.
It does seem, however, that once you look beyond human thought, and approach spiritual experience (mysticism) that the answers simplify, even unify into one.
It seems that the spirit of man does recognize that there cannot be but one truth, no matter how many faces it may sport.
And it does seem that when man tries to reason his way to this one truth he invariably reasons himself into a myriad of divergent paths all screaming for relevance and right-hood, none providing a lasting way.
The Path of Philosophy has not failed to wholly unify for lack of trying (or suggestions)  and the same can be said of Religion.
So, lets look in that fruitful direction for a while.

:: Religion ::
Religion could be said to be a sacred engagement with what is believed to be spiritual reality.
One could also sayand one would most likely be correctthat were there no suffering in this world, there would be no (need for, actually) religion.
But there is suffering in this world, and the need for religion is gravely apparent.
As a worldwide phenomenon religion has played a part in all human culture and so is much broader, more complex than the set of beliefs or practices found in any single religious tradition. An understanding of religion must take into account what we ultimate believe to be true, as well as the similarities and differences in religions across all human cultures.
At all times, and in all cultures, human beings have made a practice of interacting with what they take to be spiritual powers, whether in the form of gods, spirits, ancestors, or any kind of sacred reality with which we believe we are connected.
Sometimes the spiritual power is understood as an all-embracing reality, and sometimes we approach through its manifestation in special symbols.
Sometimes it is seen as external to the self, sometimes internal, and sometimes both. Humans do, and always have, interact with such a presence in a sacred mannerthat is, with reverence and care.
Religion is the term most commonly used to designate this complex and diverse realm of human experience.
The Word and its Many Meanings
Lets revisit the various meanings of the word.
The word religion is derived from the Latin noun religio, which denotes both earnest observance of ritual obligations and an inward spirit of reverence. The roots also carry the connotation of bond.
In modern usage, religion covers a wide spectrum of meanings that reflect the enormous variety of ways we interpret the term. At one extreme, many committed believers recognize only their own tradition as a religion, understanding expressions such as worship and prayer to refer exclusively to the practices of their tradition.
By defining religion as a sacred engagement with what is taken to be a spiritual reality, it is possible to consider the importance of religion in human life without making claims about what it really is or ought to be.
Religion is not an object with a single, fixed meaning, or even a zone with clear boundaries. It is an aspect of human experience that may, and often does, intersect, incorporate, or transcend other aspects of life and society. Such a definition avoids the drawbacks of limiting the word to Western or biblical categories such as monotheism (belief in one god only) or to church structure, which are not universal.
For example, in tribal societies, religionunlike the Christian churchis normally not a separate institution but rather pervades all of both public and private life.
In many traditional cultures, the idea of a sacred cosmic order is the most prominent religious belief; a belief to explain such things as why the sun rises each day and why the moon waxes and wanes. Because of this variety, some scholars prefer to use a general term such as the sacred to designate the common foundation of religious life.
Religion in this understanding includes a structure of activities that cannot be reduced to any one aspect of human experience. Rather, it is a part of individual life and also of the group dynamic. Religion, view from this angle, includes patterns of behavior but also patterns of language and thought.
Sometimes religion is a highly organized institution that sets itself apart from a culture, while at other times it is an integral part of a culture.
Throughout history, religious experience has been expressed in visual symbols, in dance and performance, in elaborate philosophical systems, in legendary and imaginative stories, in formal ceremonies, in meditative techniques, and in detailed rules of ethical conduct and law.
History of Religious Study
In 1963, when the Supreme Court of the United States ruled against prayer in public schools, it also recommended that the study of religion be made part of every students education.
In Europe, new materials for the study of religion were gathered when European explorers first began to make extensive contact with non-Western cultures.
Over at least the past four centuries, many philosophers, anthropologists, sociologists, and psychologists have proposed various theories of religion. The common factor in these various perspectives is the view that religion need not be studied from a sectarian or partisan standpoint but may be, and should be, approached impartially, as a subject for scholarly investigation.
Antiquity
The first recorded Western attempts to understand and document religious phenomena were made by the Greeks and Romans.
As early as the 6th century BCE, the Greek philosopher Xenophanes noted that different cultures visualized the gods in different ways. In the century following, the Greek historian Herodotus recorded the wide range of religious practices he encountered in his travels, comparing the religious observances of various cultures, such as sacrifice and worship, with their Greek equivalents.
Roman historians Julius Caesar and Cornelius Tacitus similarly recorded the rites and customs of peoples that they met on their military campaigns.
Ages of Exploration and Enlightenment
Although a systematic study of religions as an academic subject did not emerge until the second half of the 19th century, the groundwork was laid in the three preceding centuries.
In the 16th century, Western knowledge of other cultures increased dramatically through extensive exploration and then trade. Returning explorers and missionaries reported in detail on the range of religious beliefs and practices they had encountered around the world.
During the Age of Enlightenment (early and mid-18th century), scholars took a special interest in what they termed natural religionthe (what they considered) inborn capacity of all humans to arrive at a belief in the existence of a supreme being and to act on that belief.
The 19th and 20th Centuries
In the mid-19th century, German scholar Friedrich Max Mller, who has been called the father of comparative religion, became the most prominent advocate of historical and linguistic analysis in the study of religion.
Beginning in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, the scriptures of many non-Western traditions had been translated and published, offering a view of faiths that previously had been inaccessible. In addition, archaeological excavations had revealed new featuresincluding some scriptural textsof previously obscure religions, such as those of the ancient Middle East.
Presented with this mass of information, Mller undertook a critical, historically based investigation of world religious traditions. Although his approach emphasized the view that all traditions were the product of historical development, Mller believed comparative study would demonstrate that every religion possessed some measure of truth.
By the end of the 19th century, scholars were making religion an object of systematic inquiry. Mllers comparative approach was adopted in many European and Japanese universities, and as a result the common features of world religions (such as gods, prayer, priesthood, and creation myths) were the subjects of sustained scholarly investigation.
In addition, field anthropologists had begun to compile firsthand accounts of the religions of peoples who previously had been dismissed as savages, a study that contributed a great deal to the general analysis of the role of religion in human societies.
By the late 19th and early 20th centuries, scholars had begun to pose basic questions about the origin and development of religious ideas, questioning how religion began and the stages of its evolution.
Some maintained that it originated with a belief in spirits (animism), then evolved into the notion that there were many gods (polytheism), and ultimately emerged as the ideal of a single god (monotheism).
Others held that religion began in a sense of awe at the impressive activities of nature, in a feeling of reverence for the spirits of the dead, or in an attempt to overcome mortality.
Many other important questions about the nature of religion were addressed during this period: Can religion be divided into so-called primitive and higher types? Is religion a product of psychological needs and projections? Is it a function of political and social control? Such questions have, to this day, continued to generate a large number of theories.
Religious Life
The religious life is an individuals attempt to live in accordance with the precepts of his or her religious tradition. For example, Buddhists hold the Buddha up as a model and try to replicate his life; Christians strive to be Christ-like; and followers of the mystical Tao practice noninterference with the natural course of things.
Religious experience also reflects the diversity of cultural expressions in general: It can be formal or spontaneous, solemn or festive, hierarchical or egalitarian; it can emphasize submission or liberation; it can be devotional or contemplative; it can involve fear or joy; it can be comforting or disruptive; it can encourage reliance on powers outside oneself or on personal responsibility.
The view that sacredness is an individual experience and the view that sacredness is influenced by environmental factors are not necessarily in conflict. Religious life is given distinctive form both by the power of a communitys social bonds and its traditional objects of veneration, and by an individuals personal interaction with those objects.
Religion as a Function of Society
In many cases, the things that people consider sacred are determined by the community to which they belong. The holiest things in the world to one groupits gods, saviors, scriptures, or sacramentsare not necessarily seen as sacred absolutes by another group, sometimesespecially by those religions that demand that no other gods aside from theirs ever be allowedeven as evil things.
The notion that sacredness is a value that a given society places on certain objectsobjects representing what that society values mostand that such objects shape and generate the religious feelings of its members was first proposed by French sociologist mile Durkheim.
According to his now classic theory set forth in Les Formes lmentaires de la vie religieuse: Le systme totemique en Australie (1912; and translated as The Elementary Forms of the Religious Life, 1965), the distinguishing mark of religion at its most fundamental is not a belief in divinity or in the supernatural but is simply objects decreed as sacred by a group of people.
In Durkheims view, it is the authority and beliefs of a society that make things sacred or profane. Consequently, religion is best understood neither as the result of supernatural revelation nor as an illusion or set of mistaken ideas.
Rather, religion is best understood as the power of a society to make certain things (objects, whether physical or mental) sacred or profane in the lives of its individual members. Therefore, social sacredness and religious sacredness are one and the same.
Sacred things are those objects and symbols, including principles and beliefs that must be preserved from violation because they represent all that is of most value to the community.
All cultures hold something sacred. In secular Western societies, the sacred might be embodied in certain principles, such as individual rights, freedom, justice, or equality.
In Durkheims view, therefore, religion is not a matter of claims about the universe that are either true or false, but is the normal way that a society constructs and maintains its cherished tradition and moral values.
Religion as Divine Experience
A very different view, emphasizing individual experience, was developed by German theologian Rudolf Otto. In Das Heilige (1917; The Idea of the Holy, 1958), Otto holds that personal experience of the divine power is the true core of religiousness. Such experience, according to Otto, is marked by a sense of awe in the face of the mysterious other that in this moment dramatically intersects our limited, vulnerable view.
It is this reality, Otto maintains, that religious traditions symbolize by concepts such as God.
In Ottos view, the capacity for such awareness lies within each person, and it is the purpose of religious language and observance to shape and elicit this awareness.
Religion as an Individual Phenomenon
For many people, religion is best understood as individual spiritual life.
An influential book exploring this view is The Varieties of Religious Experience (1902), by American philosopher and psychologist William James. James attempted a study of all forms that religious experience can takefrom extreme asceticism (practice of self-denial) and mystical union with the divine, to modern techniques of positive thinking, giving special attention to what he termed conversion experiences, or life-changing encounters with spiritual forces.
James supported his study with hundreds of documented cases where individuals reported that they had experienced contact with something transcendent and that their lives had changed decisively as a result.
Many of these recorded episodes came as a sudden and unsolicited consciousness of spiritual unity or insight. Mystical, quite ineffable, he said.
Based on this study, James hypothesized the existence of a wider, subconscious dimension of the self that could help account for the source of apparently supernatural visions, voices, and revelations.
Religion as Experience Mediated by the Sacred
Romanian scholar Mircea Eliade (1907-86) emphasized that religious people experience our ordinary world differently from non-religious people because they view it as a sacred place.
In his, believing in divine foundations of life elevates the significance of natural objects and activities.
He believed that for what he termed homo religiosus time, space, the earth, the sky, and the human body can all have a symbolic, religious meaning, and, like Otto, Eliade held that the study of religion must not reduce its subject matter to something merely social or psychological, but must take seriously the idea that in the believers world the experience of sacredness defines a distinctive reality.
Patterns in Religious Life
Observing religion across many cultures yields certain common themes and activity patterns. Naturally, you also discover significant differences within those patterns.
Sacred Histories
Most religions are grounded in and organized around certain past events or models.
They, as a rule, have their own account of the history of the worldthe great time when gods, creators, sages, ancestors, saviors, founders, or heroes established or revealed the essential elements of the religion, the single exception here being Buddhism, since the Buddha considered such speculations pointless and non-productive of enlightenment, and would accomplish little else but ensnare you in opinions and guesswork.
But for rest, where sacred histories are part of the fabric, these collective memories are ordinarily preserved in carefully maintained oral traditions or in written accounts known as scriptures or sacred writings.
In Christian histories, for example, the key event of the past is the incarnation of God in Jesus Christ, whose teachings, death, and resurrection set the model for the meaning of Christian life.
In Judaism, the key event was the Exodus (the flight from Egypt under Moses) and the subsequent handing down of the Law at Mount Sinai.
The enlightenment experience of the Buddha and the revelation of the Qur'an to the prophet Muhammad are defining events in Buddhism and Islam.
And so, and not surprisingly, the Islamic calendar begins with the birth of Islam in 622 CE, the Christian calendar begins with the birth of Christ, and the Jewish calendar begins with the biblical time of the Creation itself.
Renewal Observances
Most religions provide their followers with continual spiritual renewal by setting aside special times for them to recollect and demonstrate what they hold sacred. These occasions may take place annually, monthly, weekly, daily, or even hourly.
Muslims, for example, are expected to pause for prayer at five different times every day, and during the holy month of Ramadanwhich honors the month when the Qur'an was first revealedthey are expected to observe a fast every day from sunrise to sunset.
For Jews, the High Holy Daysa ten-day period in autumn celebrating the new year and concluding with the holiest day of the year, Yom Kippur (the Day of Atonement)is a major time of spiritual renewal, as is Passover in the spring. Jews dedicate the seventh day, or Sabbathwhich falls on the modern Saturdayto recalling the divine basis of life.
Christians follow a similar seven-day cycle but give special prestige to Sunday, honoring the day of the resurrection of Jesus Christ, which, according to the Christian scriptures, occurred on the first day of the week.
Every religion, large or small, stipulates regular festivals and observances to celebrate and display fundamental commitments to their beliefs. These events are intended to intensify and renew the spiritual memory of its followers.
Sacred Space
Not only do religions establish sacred times that define the calendar and the spiritual year, they also establish special places that localize the sacred in the midst of ordinary space.
At times these sacred places are ones of natural beauty or of imposing power, such as mountains, caves, or rivers. They may also be sites that commemorate great religious events of the pastfor example, the birthplace of the Hindu god Krishna; the site of the Buddhas enlightenment; or the spot where Muhammad is believed to have journeyed to heaven.
At other times they are places where miraculous spiritual appearances are believed to have occurred, as in the case of the apparitions of the Virgin Mary at Lourdes, France.
And they may be (and usually are) shrines and temples built to house the gods or their representative symbols, such as the Parthenon in Greece, which was dedicated to Athena, patron goddess of Athens.
The use of space can reveal a great deal about a religious worldview. Some structures, such as Pueblo kivas, are built into the ground, thus acknowledging the earth as the place from which human beings emerged and as the source of sustenance for the Pueblos agricultural society. Others, such as the European gothic cathedrals, through their delicate architecture and skyward reach, suggest the transcendence of the divine realm.
Others still, like the Shinto shrines in Japan, express reverence for nature in the harmonious way they blend with the natural environment.
Then we have the modern marvel of the so-called mega-churches of North America that have taken the form of corporate office complexes geared for efficiency of organized service.
Interaction with Spiritual Beings
Most religions provide their followers with prescribed ways of interacting with spiritual beings, a communication that is often at the center of religious practice.
Perhaps the most widely practiced forms of such interaction are the petitionary prayer, offerings and sacrifices, purification and penance, and general worship.
These interactions are sometimes prescribed as regular events; at other times they are performed in times of special need, such as illness, drought, infertility, or wartimes when human beings find themselves especially dependent on or subject to the forces of a universe that are beyond their control.
There are other forms of communication and connection as well, such as the Christian Eucharist, or meditation on the presence of a supreme being.
The gods, in turnif they are listeningare believed to make their will, power, or presence known to humans in a variety of ways, including prophecy, states of trance, dreams and visions, divination, healings, special signs and miracles, intuition, mystical experiences, and embodiment in the lives of special individuals.
Rituals and Symbols
Ritual is a specialized form of spiritual communication and usually involves performance of symbolic bodily actions, displayed in a tangible, visible way. They are supposed to give the power to focus experience and thus function to intensify the sense of the sacred.
A ritual can be as simple as bowing ones head before a meal, chanting a certain phrase, or removing footwear.
On the other hand, they can involve intricate ceremonies performed by teams of priests and lasting several days.
Rituals are supposed to reveal the sacred through specific, symbolic actions and objects, including processions, special clothing, special soundsfor example chantingor silences, masks, symbolic objects, and special foods. Some religions use rituals to great effect, while others assign them a lesser role.
Original Buddhism (Theravada) considers the adherence and attachment to rites and rituals a spiritual hindrance.
Priests
Where ritual is central to a religion, you usually also find an established and powerful priesthood. This is certainly the case in the Catholic and Orthodox forms of Christianity as well as in Hinduism and Shinto.
Jews and Muslims, however, and many Protestant churches do not have a priesthood as such because they emphasize a direct faith and consideration of scripture.
Holiness, Inward Transformation, and Salvation
Most major religions provide clear (or not so clear) paths meant to deliver individuals from the bondage of sin, immorality, ignorance, and other types of impurity or disharmony and lead them toward a state of purity of soul, spiritual knowledge, wisdom, godliness, enlightenment, or even eternal life.
Virtually all religions hold that human beings have an inner and higher nature that lives in tension with a lower, baser counterpart. The paths offered are meant to free the former from the clutches of the latter.
Some religions emphasize the separation of the spiritual part of the self from worldly attachments, while others emphasize living harmoniously in relation to nature, self, and divinity.
One discerns two corresponding religious ideals from the different ways in which religions consider salvation: on one hand, the saved or truly religious person may be one who has achieved liberation from the material world and has reached a heavenly state of afterlife (such as heavenonce dead) or a supreme state of consciousness (such as nirvanaeven while alive).
It is worthy of note that many religious virtuessuch as love, self-control, compassion, nonviolence, and wisdomappear in more than one religion, while differences in belief systems give varying significance to these virtues.
All historic religions address the need for individual holiness in some form or other and often point to saints, mystics, or spiritual exemplars who fully embody the ideals of their traditions.
Religion in the Modern World
Our modern (Western) times have posed, and continue to pose, acute challenges to traditional religions. As early as the 1960s, membership in mainstream Christian denominations began their decline, and candidates for the priesthood began falling.
For the majority of modern people, religion no longer holds relevance, especially in view of the many alternative ways to find meaning these days: cultural pursuits, ethical ideals, ecological causes, and alternative lifestyles.
These challenges to religion are partly as a result of the rising prestige of Science, which describes a universe without reference to deities, the soul, and as having no spiritual meaning. And as Science more and more dons the role of modern religion, the new believer no longer looks to the traditional for solace or meaning.
Not that he or she is necessarily happier as a result, rather the opposite.
Another factor in todays religious decline is that critical studies of biblical history have demonstrated that the Bible is not (as so long thought) unique among ancient religious and historical documents. For example, the biblical stories of the Garden of Eden and the Deluge (universal flood) are common to other ancient Middle Eastern religions as well.
Other factors that have contributed to a decline in religious participation in the modern world include the portrait of religion variously as a pre-scientific form of superstitious thinking, as a source of political control and divisiveness (i.e., Marx), as a confirmation of established patriarchal values (as in feminism), or as an emotional crutch.
On the other hand, in many instances, religion has been able to adapt to modernity by accommodating the diversity of contemporary culture. Many religious traditions have not only broadened the concept of God to allow for the coexistence of various faiths, but have also acknowledged gender equality by ordaining women, and have adopted outward characteristics of modern culture in general.
Many religious groups have also taken advantage of electronic media and networking, and several such groups have developed religious functions for the Internet, including electronic prayer groups.
Modern marketing techniques have also been employed to increase membershiptreating religion like any other business (the true Western religion these days).
Many churches also incorporate the latest kinds of support groups, counseling techniques, and popular musici.e., in an effort to become hip and so become acceptable to the youth of various cultures.
Modern Evangelism
Evangelicalism in its various forms, including fundamentalism, offers a different response to modernity.
Conservative movements, which have appeared internationally in every major religious tradition, have of late gained strength by openly protesting what they see as the conspicuous absence of moral values in secular society.
In times of anxiety and uncertainty (such as ours), such movements hold up literal scripture as a source of doctrinal certainty and of moral absolutes. Against the rising secularism of our day, these evangelical movements have managed to create their own alternative conservative-literal cultures and have, in fact, acquired considerable political influence.
Challenges and Opportunities
For all its challenges to traditional religious identity, modernity has at the same time created new spiritual opportunities.
Literally thousands of new religious movements emerged around the world in the 20th century and continue to proliferate; each such movement offering alternative forms of community to people otherwise no longer affiliated with traditional religion while also disenchanted with modern values.
Collectively, these new religions offer a large number of options, addressing virtually every conceivable type of spiritual need. In a sense, our times have created needs and problems for which new movements hold themselves as solution.
Some offer ethnic revitalization; others, techniques of meditation and self-improvement; and still others, the power of alternative or spiritual forms of healing.
Interestingly, Buddhist- and Hindu-derived movements also continue to garner considerable followings among Westerners searching for truths beyond the Judeo-Christian tradition.
The Worlds Religions
It would be impossible to list and accurately survey every religion on Earth. There simply are too many. Here, however, I will give a brief rundown of what is normally considered the major world religions.

:: Judaism ::
Judaism, the religious culture of the Jews, is one of the oldest continuing religious traditions in the world.
It is interesting to note that the terms Judaism and religion do not exist in pre-modern Hebrew. Instead, the Jews spoke of Torah, Gods revealed instruction to Israel, which mandated both a worldview and a way of lifeHalakhah.
Halakhah derives from the Hebrew word to go and has come to mean the way or path. It encompasses not only Jewish law, but also its customs, and practice.
Pre-modern Judaism, in all its historical forms, was thus an integrated cultural system encompassing both individual and communal existence. It was (and for the traditional Jew, is) a system of sanctification in which all is to be subsumed under Gods rule, that is, under his divinely revealed models of cosmic order and lawfulness.
Judaism originated in the land of Israel. Subsequently, at one time or another, Jewish communities have existed in almost all parts of the world, a result of both voluntary migrations of Jews and forced exile or expulsions.
According to the American Jewish Yearbook, the total world Jewish population in the year 2000 was estimated at 13.2 million, of whom 5.7 million lived in the United States, 4.8 million in Israel, 530,000 in France, and 438,000 in the former Soviet Union. These are the four largest centers of Jewish settlement.
Other significant Jewish communities are found in Canada (360,000), Great Britain (276,000), Argentina (200,000), and South Africa (80,000).
Basic Doctrines and Sources
Monotheism
While Judaism, with its rich and complex tradition, was never monolithic its various historical forms have nonetheless shared certain characteristic features.
The most essential of these is a radical monotheism, that is, the belief that a single, transcendent God created the universe and continues providentially to govern it. Underpinning this monotheism is the teleological conviction that the world is both intelligible and filled with purpose because God, a single divine intelligence, stands behind it.
Therefore, nothing that humanity experiences is capricious; everything ultimately has meaning.
From ancient through to the present, various forms of Judaism have acknowledged the existence and role of other heavenly beings, such as angels, and have warned against various forces of a demonic nature. But since these beings have always been regarded as the creations of the one and all-knowing, well-meaning God, and subordinate to His will, they are ultimately irrelevant to the primary mission of the Jewish people, which is to acknowledge the unity of God and to serve God in the world.
Revelation
To the traditional Jew, the mind of God is manifest in both the natural order, through creation, and in the social-historical order, through revelation.
The same God who created the world revealed himself to the people, Israel, at Mount Sinai.
That revelation is the Torah, Gods will for humankind expressed in commandments that individuals are to heed in their interaction with one another and with God. By living in accordance with Gods laws and submitting to the divine willand only therebyhumanity can become a harmonious part of the cosmos.
It is primarily as a people fused in obedience to Gods Torah that the Jews view their role among the rest of the human community. By testifying to the unity of God and to the divine will as revealed in the Torah, they seek to awaken all humanity to the one unique God of all creation.
The Covenant
The third major concept in Judaism is that of the covenant, which is viewed as the contractual agreement between God and the Jewish people.
According to Jewish tradition, the God of all creation entered into a special relationship with the Jewish people at Sinai: If they would acknowledge God as their sole ultimate king and legislator, agreeing to obey his laws, God, in turn, and on his part, would acknowledge Israel as his particular people and be especially mindful of them.
Both biblical authors and later Jewish tradition interprets this contract in a universal and historical context: Only after successive failures to establish a covenant with all of rebellious humanity did God finally turn to a specific segment of it. Israel, He decided, was to be a kingdom of priests, and the ideal social order that it establishes in accordance with the divine laws is to be a model for the rest of the human race. Israel thus stands between God and humanity, representing each to the othernot unlike Jesus Christ, when you think about it.
The idea of this contract with God greatly colors the way in which both nature and history have been viewed by the Jews. And this view is that Israels well-being, as a people and as a country, in essence depends on their obedience to Gods commandments: All natural and historical events that befall Israel are interpreted as emanating from God and as influenced by Israels religious behavior.
In other words, a direct causal connection is thus made between human (Jewish) behavior and human (Jewish) destiny. This view does intensify the problem of theodicy in Judaism, because the historical experience of both Jewish individuals and the Jewish people as a whole has frequently been one of persecution and suffering. 
Much Jewish religious thought, from the biblical Book of Job onward, has concerned itself with the problem of affirming justice and meaning and staying the course even in the face of apparent injustice.
Over time, this problem has been mitigated by the reasoned belief that virtue and obedience ultimately would be rewarded and sin ultimately punished by divine judgment after death, thereby redressing inequities in this world. Thus, the indignities of foreign domination and forced exile from the land of Israel suffered by the Jewish people would also be redressed at the end of timewhen God would send his Messiah (mashiah, the anointed one), a scion of the royal house of David, to redeem the Jews and restore them to sovereignty in their land.
The resulting strand of Jewish thought, Messianism, has since its origin been a significant one, and yearning for the Messiahs coming has always been particularly intense in periods of calamity.
Ultimately, a correlation was made between the messianic idea and the concept of Torah: The individual Jew, so the conclusion was, through proper study and observance of Gods commandments, could in fact hasten the Messiahs arrival. Thus, each individuals action would assume cosmic importance.
The Rabbinic Tradition
Although all forms of Judaism have always been rooted in the Hebrew Bible, it would be incorrect to think of Judaism as just a religion of the Old Testament. In fact, contemporary Judaism derives from the rabbinic movement of the first centuries of the Christian is therefore correctly referred to as Rabbinic Judaism.
Rabbi is Hebrew for my teacher.
The original rabbis were Jewish sages well read in both the Scriptures and their own traditions and who based on these studies maintained that God had revealed not one but two Torahs to Moses on Sinai: In addition to the written Torah, what we know as the Scripture, God also revealed an oral Torah, one that has since been faithfully transmitted by word of mouth in an unbroken chain from master to disciple, and that is now only preserved among the rabbis themselves.
For the rabbis, the oral Torah was encapsulated in the Mishnahthat which is learned or memorized the earliest document of rabbinic literature, edited in Palestine at the turn of the 3rd century.
Subsequent rabbinic study of the Mishnah in Palestine and Babylonia generated two Talmudsthat which is studiedwhich were wide-ranging commentaries on the Mishnah. The Babylonian Talmud, edited about the 6th century, became the foundation document of rabbinic Judaism.
Worship and Practices
For the religious Jew, all life, from birth to death, is one continuous act of divine worship. I keep the Lord always before me (Psalms 16:8), a verse inscribed on the front wall of many synagogues, characterizes this.
Prayers and Services
The Talmud and the medieval law codes decree that Jews must offer congregational prayers three times a day: in the morning (shaharith), in the afternoon (minhah), and in the evening (maarib), which times are believed to correspond to the times when sacrifices were offered in the Jerusalem Temple.
This is one of the ways that rabbinic Judaism metaphorically carries forward the structure and spirit of the destroyed Temple cult. A company of ten men forms a congregation, or quorum (minyan), for prayer. Should a community be unable to gather a minyan, individual Jews are nonetheless obliged to offer these prayers, but in a somewhat abbreviated fashion.
As a sign of their devotion to God, the observant adult male Jew during weekday morning prayers should wear both a fringed prayer shawl (tallith) and phylacteries (prayer boxes, called tefillin). These two customs are derived from the scriptural passages recited as the Shema, as is a third custom, the placing of a mezuzah (prayer box) on the doorpost of ones house, a further reminder that God is everywhere.
Also, as a gesture of respect to God, the head is covered during prayer, either with a hat or a skullcap. Pious Jews wear a head covering at all times, in recognition of Gods constant presence.
Torah
The study of Torahthe revealed will of Godis also considered an act of worship in rabbinic Judaism and passages from Scripture, Mishnah, and Talmud are recited during daily morning services.
On Monday and Thursday mornings, a handwritten parchment scroll of the Torah (that is, the Pentateuch) is removed from the Holy Ark at the front of the synagogue and read and chanted before the congregation.
The major ceremonial Torah readings take place on Sabbath and festival mornings. In the course of a year, the entire Torah will be read on Sabbaths. In other words, the public reading of Scripture constitutes a significant part of synagogue worship; in fact, some hold that this was originally the primary function of the synagogue as an institution.
Benedictions
In addition to these daily prayers, Jews are required to recite a number of benedictions throughout the day before, performing commandments and before enjoying the bounties of nature.
A well-known benedictions, usually recited by women on Sabbath Eve before the lighting of the mandatory Sabbath candles, is representative: May You be blessed, O Lord, King of the Universe, who sanctified us through His commandments and commanded us to kindle the light of the Sabbath. 
The benedictions of enjoyments, by contrast, reflect the Jewish conviction that the Earth does not belong to man, but to Godhumans are simply tenant farmers or gardeners. Thus the Owner must be acknowledged before the tenant may partake of the fruits.
The most common such benediction occurs at meals, when breaking of bread is preceded by the following blessing: May You be blessed, O Lord, King of the Universe, who brings forth bread from the earth.
Dietary Laws
From the very outset, Jews have been recognized among non-Jewish observers through by distinctive dietary observances, many of which relate to the ancient Temple cult. The table at home is thought analogous to the table of the Lord that once existed in the Jerusalem Temple, where certain animals, considered unclean, could not be used in sacrificial service at the altar. They are therefore not to be eaten in secular settings either.
Such animals include pigs, donkeys, and camels. The Bible also prohibits eating fish without fins or scales and other creatures deemed to violate in some way certain norms.
Edible domestic animalsthough only those that have split hooves and chew their cudsmust be properly slaughtered (kosher) and the blood fully drained before the meat can be eaten.
The Sabbath
The Jewish liturgical calendar honors the divisions of time prescribed in the Torah and observed in the Temple cult. Thus, every seventh day is the Sabbath, when no work is performed. By this abstention, the Jew is seen to return the world to God, its owner, acknowledging that humans extract His produce only on sufferance.
History
Until recently, historians of the early history of Judaism were quite confident that the biblical literature, together with archaeological findings, could safely be used as a guide in reconstructing the origins and history of the Israelite nation.
However, with the increasing realization that much of the surviving literature appears to have reached current form centuries or even millennia after the events described, historians have now become more cautious.
Such well-established Biblical personalities as the patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob and the matriarchs Sarah, Rebekah, Rachel, and Leah cannot be found by disciplined historical study. They only exist by way of Genesis.
Similarly, it is no longer certain when, or under what circumstances, or if at all, the ancestors of Israel lived in Egypt during the time of the pharaohs.
The origins of the dynasty of David are also unclear. So, too, is the precise nature of its relations with what the biblical historical books recall as the wicked northern kingdom centered in Samaria. 
Probably the most we can say with any degree of certainty, is that the people recalled in the Bible as the Israelites were a largely agricultural people acknowledging a covenantal relationship to the God of Israel. This God, in exchange for their love and obedience, would on His part protect them from invasions of other peoples and the dominion of foreign gods.
By the chronicled events of the Bible, however, Israel and its kings were often disloyal to their chosen God and participated in a variety of activities that did in fact constitute worship of other gods. In a tit for tat, the God of Israel then imposed upon his people a series of punishments, culminating, at the end, in the destruction of the Jerusalem Temple and the expulsion of the royal house of David and its entire priesthood from the land of Israel.
And it is here, with the exile of Israel at the hands of the Babylonian Empire, that the history of Judaism begins to acquire some confirmed facts and, thus, focus.
Babylonian Exile
The exile of the Israelites to Babylonia in 586 BCE was a major turning point for Judaism. The prior history of Israel now was reinterpreted in light of these events, and so laid the foundation for the biblical Pentateuch, prophetic canon, and historical books to follow.
The prophets Ezekiel and Deutero-Isaiah held that God had pressed the Babylonian Empire into service in order to punish the Israelites for their sins. But seeing as he was capable of this, he was also (quite logically) capable of redeeming them from captivity if they repented.
From this developed a truly monotheistic religion wherein the God of Israel is now seen as not only their God but as the God of universal history and the ruler of all destinies and nations.
This messianic hope for a restored Judean kingdom under the leadership of the royal house of David seemed to have been vindicated when Cyrus the Great, after conquering Babylon in 539 BCE, permitted a repatriation of subject populations and a restoration of local temples.
The now restored Judean commonwealth did not fully realize this hope, however, since Cyrus did not allow the restoration of a Judean monarchy, but only a temple-state with the high priest as its chief administrator.
Maccabean and Roman Periods
Beginning with the 331 BCE conquests of Alexander the Great, Greek culture made southern inroads into the Middle East, which in turn put the indigenous cultures on the defensive.
This eventually led to the Maccabean revolt of 165 to 142 BCE, an event which had begun as a civil war between Jewish Hellenizers and offended nativists and ended, successfully, in Judean political independence from Syria.
All this cultural turmoil and subsequent warfare had a major impact on Judaism. In fact, the earliest apocalyptic writingsthe genre of cryptic revelationswere composed during this period, and they interpreted the wars of the time as part of a cosmic conflict between the forces of good and evil that would ultimately end with victory of Gods legionsthe good guys.
This was also the first time that bodily resurrection at the time of Gods Last Judgment was promised to those righteous Jews who had been slain in the conflict. (Before this time, immortality meant survival of the individuals children and people or in a shadowy afterlife in Sheol, the netherworld.)
Even though the Maccabean victories launched eighty years of Judean political independence, religious turmoil persisted.
Though not of true lineage, the Hasmonaean priestly family that had led the successful revolt now proclaimed themselves hereditary kings and high priests. This affront, along with their Hellenistic monarchical trappings, prompted fierce opposition from groups such as the Qumrn community, known to modern scholars from the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Led by dissident priests, this sect proclaimed that the Jerusalem Temple had been profaned by the Hasmonaeans and saw itself as a purified Temple exiled in the wilderness.
This Qumrn group is most likely the Essenes described by Jewish historian Flavius Josephus and other ancient writers. Josephus also reports the existence of two other groups, the Sadducees and the Pharisees.
The Pharisees, like the Qumrn group, put forth their own traditions of biblical law, which were then disputed by the Sadducees, an aristocratic priestly group.
The Messianic-apocalyptic fervor was rekindled when Judean political independence was brought to an abrupt halt by the Romans in the middle of the 1st century BCE which was to climax in the outbreak of an unsuccessful revolt against Rome in 66 to 70 CE. In fact, Christianity began as one of these messianic-apocalyptic movements.
Development of Rabbinic Judaism
The Roman destruction of the Second Temple in 70 CE and their suppression of a second messianic revolt in 132 to 135 (led by Simon Bar Kokhba) were, for the Jews, religious catastrophes on par with the destruction of the First Temple in 586 BCE. As a result, the existing priestly leadership was discredited and soon ousted by the rabbinic movement.
Since the Jewish people had nowand quite thoroughlylost control of their political destiny, the rabbis began instead to emphasize communal and spiritual, rather than political, life. They taught that by conforming to the Torah as elaborated in the rabbinic traditions (reportedly handed down by word of mouth, remember), and through study, prayer, and observance, the individual Jew could achieve salvation while waiting for God to bring about the messianic redemption of Israel as a nation.
Some rabbis even held that if all Jews towed the Torah line, the Messiah would simply be compelled to come.
Institutionally, and going forward, the synagogue and the rabbinic study house now replaced the destroyed Temple.
Shift of Power
The eventual rabbinization of all Jews was a gradual process that had to overcome strong challenges from the Karaites and other antirabbinic movements.
However, as it happened, the Arab 7th-century conquest of the Middle East did much to facilitate the spread of a uniform rabbinic Judaism when the heads of the Babylonian rabbinical academiesclosely allied with the Abbasid caliphate in Baghddattempted to standardize Jewish law, custom, and liturgy in accordance with their own practiceswhich they set forth in their replies (responsa) to inquiries from Diaspora communities.
Thus, since the political power rested with Baghdd, ultimate Jewish religion authority also passed from Palestine to Babylonia, and the Babylonian Talmud became the most authoritative rabbinic document.
Medieval Judaism
Medieval Judaism was to develop two distinctive cultures: Sephardic Judaism, which was centered in Moorish Spain, and Ashkenazic Judaism, which was prominent in the lands of the Holy Roman Empire.
The Sephardic branch concentrated on philosophy and a systematic legal codification of the teachings, whereas the Ashkenazim preferred intensive study of the Babylonian Talmud.
What has since been dubbed the great Rhineland school of Talmud commentary began with the musings and commentary writings of 11th-century scholar Solomon bar Isaac of Troyes, a mantle which was donned by his grandsons and studentslater known as the tosaphistswho were to produce the literature of tosaphoth, also known as the additions to Rashis Talmud commentary.
Throughout the otherwise dark medieval period, Judaism was revitalized again and again by mystical and pietistic movements, the most important of which were the 12th-century German Hasidic movement and the 13th-century Spanish Kabbalah, which produced Sefer ha-zohar (The Book of Splendor) by Moses de Len.
The Kabbalah is an esoteric theosophy that contains elements of both Gnosticism and Neoplatonism, and which describes the dynamic nature of the God and which offers a mystic-symbolic interpretation of the Torah and the commandments.
The Kabbalah arose in small, elite scholarly circles but was to become a major popular movement after the calamitous expulsion of the Jews from Catholic Spain in 1492. The further spread of the Kabbalah was fostered by the mythical, messianic reinterpretation of the teachings made by Isaac Luria of Safed.
This interpretationnow known as Lurianic Kabbalahexplained to the exiles the cosmic significance of their suffering and gave them a crucial role in the cosmic drama of redemption. Thus, Lurias ideas paved the way for a major messianic upheaval, centered on the figure of Sabbatai Zevi, which affected all Jewry in the 17th century.
Lurias ideas also influenced the popular 18th-century Polish revival movement called Hasidism. Spawned by Israel Baal Shem Tov, Hasidism proclaimed that through fervent, rapturous devotion, the poor, unlearned Jew could serve God better even than the Talmudist.
This view was, naturally, opposed by the rabbinic branch, but this opposition was eventually mitigated in the face of a more serious threat to both groups: the western European Age of Enlightenment and the move to more modern thinking within Judaism.
Modern Tendencies
The Age of Enlightenment saw the civil emancipation of European Jewrya process complicated by lingering anti-Jewish sentimentevoke several different reformulations of Judaism in western and eastern Europe.
In the west, particularly in Germany, Judaism was reformed as a religious movement much like modern Protestantism. This German Reform movement abandoned all hope of a return to Zion, the Jewish homeland, shortened and beautified the worship service, emphasized sermons in the vernacular, and rejected as antiquated much Jewish law and custom.
In fact, the Reform rabbi took on many of the roles of the Protestant minister.
In eastern Europe, where Jews formed a large and distinctive social group, this reformation of Judaism took the form akin to cultural and ethnic nationalism. Like other resurgent national movements in the east, the Jewish movement emphasized a revival of the national languageHebrew, later also Yiddishand the creation of a modern, secular literature and culture.
Zionism, another movement that initially took hold in eastern Europe, vowed to create a modern Jewish society in the ancient homeland. Founded by Leo Pinsker in Russia and Theodor Herzl in Austria, Zionism was a secular ideology rooted in traditional Judaic messianism.
It was Zionism that led to the creation of the state of Israel in 1948.
Judaism in America
The American Jewish community of today descends largely from central European Jews who immigrated in the mid-19th century and, particularly, those from eastern Europe who arrived between 1881 and 1924, as well as many survivors of the Holocaust.
American Judaism takes many forms: Reform, Conservative, Orthodox. All, however, are the product of adaptation by these Jewish immigrant groups to American life and their accommodation to one another.
Institutionally, Judaism in America has adopted the congregational structure of American Christianity, and while affiliated with national movements, most congregations today retain considerable autonomy.
Reform Judaism
As mentioned above, Reform Judaism, the first movement to really define itself, was primarily German at the outset. In America, however, it was informed by both liberal Protestantism and, particularly, by the Social Gospel movement.
In the 1870s and 1880s Isaac M. Wise founded its national institutions, all of which are vital to this day: the Union of American Hebrew Congregations (UAHC), the Central Conference of American Rabbis (CCAR), and the Hebrew Union College, the oldest surviving rabbinical school in the worldwhich merged in 1950 with the more Zionist-oriented Jewish Institute of Religion.
Once the bastion of religious rationalism, the Reform movement has, since the 1940s, while its orientation remains liberal and non-authoritarian, placed more emphasis on Jewish peoplehood and traditional religious culture.
As an example, the Hebrew Union CollegeJewish Institute of Religion in Cincinnati, Ohio, ordained its first woman rabbi in 1972, and the Reform movement has continued its work to increase the participation of women in religious ritual.
As another example of reforming with the times and trends of the American culture, in the year 2000 Reform rabbis voted to affirm gay and lesbian unions.
While supporting same-sex unions, the CCAR, which passed this resolution, left it to individual rabbis to decide whether to perform such union ceremonies and what kind of ritual to use.
Conservative Judaism
In its American form, Conservative Judaism embodies the sense of community and folk piety of modernizing eastern European Jews. While it respects traditional Jewish law and practice, it also advocates a flexible approach to Halakhah.
The major Conservative Judaism institutions, all founded at the turn of the 20th century, are the Jewish Theological Seminary of America (JTSA), the United Synagogue of America (USA), and the Rabbinical Assembly (RA).
The Reconstructionist movement founded by Mordecai M. Kaplan in the 1930s is seen an offshoot of the Conservative movement. Reconstructionism advocates religious naturalism while emphasizing Jewish peoplehood and culture.
Reconstructionists began to ordain women rabbis in the 1970s, and in 1983 the JTSA voted to admit women to its rabbinical program and ordain them as Conservative rabbis.
American Orthodoxy
American Orthodoxy is not so much a distinct movement as it is a particular spectrum of existing traditionalist groups, ranging from the modern Orthodoxwho attempt to integrate traditional observance with modern lifeto some Hasidic sects who aim to shut out the modern world altogether.
While the immigration to America of many traditionalist and Hasidic survivors of the Holocaust has strengthened the various factions of American Orthodoxy, no single national institution represents these groups.
Significance of Israel
American Judaism has been profoundly affected by the Nazi persecution  and destruction of European Jewry and the founding of the modern state of Israel.
The Holocaust and Israel are closely associated by most contemporary Jews as symbols of collective death and rebirth.
Israel is more than just a country, it has a religious dimension that embodies Jewish self-respect and the promise of messianic fulfillment, and all movements in American Judaismwith the single exception of the ultra-Orthodox sectarianshave become more Israel-oriented in the past decades.
Both the Reform and Conservative movements are still striving to achieve legal recognition and equal status with Orthodoxy in the state of Israel, where marriage, divorce, and conversion are controlled by the Orthodox rabbinate, backed in the government by the important National Religious Party.
Judaism in Israel
The modern state of Israel was founded by the Zionist movement as a secular democracy to reflect the national spirit of the Jewish people.
The founders of the new Jewish state were mainly immigrants of Eastern European Ashkenazic origins, with decidedly secularist and socialist, rather than purely religions, perspectives. However, as soon as the independent state was established in 1948, it became the home of a much more diverse set of Jewish immigrants.
Deeply pious traditionalist Jews from the ravaged ghettoes of Eastern Europe arrived simultaneously with equally pious Jews of Islamic lands from Morocco to Persia, whose lives had become untenable in their homelands.
While most of Israels Jewish population has always regarded itself as secular in orientation, today perhaps a fifth of Jewish Israelis consider themselves to be devoted practitioners of Judaism. In addition, Israels large non-Jewish minoritiesincluding Arabs and Armenianspractice various forms of Islam and Christianity.
To accommodate this religious diversity Israel, since its beginnings, has recognized the legitimacy of not only Judaism, but also Islam, and Christianity, and sees both as established religious institutions.
The modern state of Israel also guarantees the freedom for all its citizens to practiceor not to practiceany religion they choose.
Official Orthodox Judaism
Even prior to the formation of the state of Israel, the main brand of Judaism practiced in Palestine under Ottoman and British rule were of Orthodox color. This was mainly due to the fact that Palestine had for centuries been the home of highly pious Jewish communities of both Ashkenazic and Sephardic origins.
Additionally, ever since the 1890s, an important minority of the Zionist immigration had been Eastern European traditionalist Jews who saw in Zionism the beginnings of the messianic restoration of the Israelites to its land.
Thus, when the Jewish state was created in 1948, these Orthodox Jews were poised to dictate terms on which they would participate in the government of the state. Among the concessions they won was the right to define Judaism in accord with the halakhic norms preserved from medieval Jewish tradition.
While Reform and Conservative Jews are, naturally, welcomed as Jews to the Jewish state, to this very day their versions of Judaism are regarded as deviant. Accordingly, official Conservative and Reform religious communities are denied governmental support, and the rabbis of these movements may not perform legally binding wedding ceremonies or conversions in the state of Israel.
The Zionist Orthodox
As far as political orientation goes, most Orthodox Jews in Israel have Zionist leanings, and, despite its secular background, they accept Zionism as an authentic movement of Jewish national expression.
The rabbinic leaders of this branch of orthodoxy are usually those first looked to as candidates when chief rabbinates are chosen; and the Zionist Orthodoxespecially those with a strongly messianic view of the rebirth of Jewish statehoodhave often played leading roles in establishing Jewish settlements in the West Bank territories occupied by Israel as a result of the Six-Day War of 1967.
The Anti-Zionist Orthodox
However, a small, but highly vocal (and influential), minority of Orthodox Jews in Israel are bitter opponents of Zionism. Their roots lie deep in the pre-Zionist Orthodox population of Palestine, but they also include many new voices of post-Holocaust immigrants, particularly those from Eastern Europe.
This Orthodox faction generally regards Zionism as an heretical attempt by Jews to force God to end his decree of exile, and they regard their exile in the Land of Israel under the Zionists as even more bitter than the exile under medieval Christian or Islamic empires.
The Non-Zionist Orthodox
A third faction, the non-Zionist Orthodox, has largely the same ethnic roots as their anti-Zionist Orthodox brethren. However, they view Zionism as a religiously neutral fact, and the state of Israel for themin contrast to the claims of the Zionist Orthodoxhas no messianic meaning, but neither is it a demonic force, as the anti-Zionist Orthodox hold.
Reform and Conservative Judaism
Most Reform and Conservative Jews in Israel have immigrated from the Western democracies, particularly from the United States. While deeply committed to Israeli statehood and a continuing presence during Israels modern history, they have been largely unsuccessful in a base among native-born Israelis.
Nevertheless, in recent years both movements have ordained native-born Israelis into their rabbinates, so some progress is being made
Needless to say, the leaders of both Reform and Conservative Judaism are vocal lobbyists for breaking the prevailing Orthodox monopoly on defining the nature of Israeli Judaism.

:: Christianity ::
Today, Christianity is, by quite a margin, the most widely distributed of all world religions with substantial representation in all populated continents of the globe. Not surprisingly, at the turn of the 21st Century Christianity saw a total membership of nearly 2 billion people.
Like any system of belief and valueswhether it be Platonism, Marxism, Freudianism, or democracyChristianity is in many ways comprehensible only from the insidei.e., to those who share the Christian faith and beliefs and strive to live by Christian values.
Doctrine and Practice
Christianity is a community, it is a way of life, a system of belief, a liturgical observance, a traditionas a religion, Christianity is all of these, and more.
While each of these aspects of Christianity share attributes with other faiths, each also bears unmistakable marks of its Christian origins. That is why it is helpful, if not unavoidable, to examine Christian ideas and tenets comparatively, i.e., by relating them to those of other religions as we also examine those features that are uniquely Christian.
Central Teachings
It is easier to describe Christianity historically than to define it logically, but such a description does yield insights into its lasting elements and essential characteristics.
One such element is, of course, the person of Jesus Christ since he is, in one way or another, a key element in every historical variety of Christian belief and practice.
However, all Christians have yet to agree on what makes Christ, the person, distinctive or unique. Naturally, they would all affirm that his life should be held up as an example, and should be followed, and that his teachings about love and fellowship teaches the best of human nature and relations.
While much of his teachings echo the teachings not only of the rabbis of Judaismhe was one, after allbut also in the wisdom and teachings of Socrates, Confucius, and the Buddha, for the Christian, Jesus can be no less than the supreme preacher and exemplar of the moral life.
What we know of the historical Jesus is what we are told about him in the Gospels of the New Testament of the Bible.
Other portions of the New Testament summarize the beliefs of the early Christian church; and from even a cursory reading, it is clear that Paul and the other writers of Scripture believed that Jesus was the revealer not only of human life in its perfection but of divine reality itself.
Jesus gave this divine reality a name. He called it Father. Consequently, his followers called him Son.
Jesus crucifixion and resurrectionwhich is what early Christians referred when they spoke about him as the one who had reconciled humanity to Godmade the cross the principal symbol of Christian faith and devotion, the sign of the saving love of God the Father.
This love is, all through the New Testament and in subsequent Christian doctrine, the most significant among the attributes of God.
Even today, Christians hold and teach that God Almighty is in dominion over all that is in heaven and on earth, that He is righteous in judgment over good and evil, that He is beyond time and space and changeand, above all, they teach that God is Love.
The creation of the world out of nothing and the creation of the human race are expressions of that love, and so was the coming of Christ, His only Son.
The classic statement of this trust in the Love of God came with the words of Jesus in the Sermon on the Mount: Look at the birds of the air: they neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not of more value than they?
In such words early Christianity found evidence both of the unique standing men and women have as children of such a heavenly Father and of the even more special position occupied by Christ, His Son.
In fact, that special position led the first generations of believers to rank Jesus Christ together with the Fatherand eventually with the Holy Spirit, whom the Father sent in Christs namein the formula used in baptism and in the several creeds of the first centuries.
After early controversy and reflection, that confession eventually formed the doctrine of God as Trinity.
Baptism in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, or sometimes perhaps more simply in the name of Christ, has from the beginning been beginning the means of initiation. At first it seems to have been administered chiefly to adults after they had professed their faith and promised to amend their lives, but this would later turn into a more inclusive practice with the baptism of infants.
Another universally accepted Christian ritual is the Eucharist, aka The Lords Supper, in which Christians share bread and wine (representing the body and blood of Christ) and, through them, express and affirm His spiritual presence.
As the Eucharist developed, it became an elaborate ceremony of consecration and adoration, the texts of which have been set to music by numerous composers of masses. However, the Eucharist has also become one of the chief points of conflict among the various Christian churches, which disagree about the presence of Christ in the consecrated bread and wine and about the effect of that presence upon those who receive it.
Another fundamental component of Christian faith and practice is the Christian community itselfthe church. Since the word church appears only twice in the Gospels, some scholars question the assumption that Jesus intended to found one; but his followers have always been convinced that his promise to always be with them, to the close of the age, found its physical fulfillment in His mystical body on earth: the holy catholic church.
Today, the relation of this holy catholic church to the many ecclesiastical organizations of worldwide Christendom is the source of major divisions among them. Roman Catholicism has tended to equate its own institutional structure with the catholic church, as the common usage of the latter term suggests, and some extreme Protestant groups have been ready to claim that they, and they alone, represent the true visible church.
Increasingly, however, Christians of all denominations have begun to acknowledge that no one group has an exclusive right to call itself the church, and, today, a movement is afoot to work toward the reunion of all Christians.
Worship
Over the years, Christians of all traditions have placed a strong emphasis on private devotion and individual prayer, as Jesus taught. But he also prescribed a form of praying, universally known as the Lord's Prayer, the opening words of which stress the communal nature of worship: Our Father, who art in heaven. Our Father.
Since the times of the New Testament, the prescribed day for the communal worship of Christians has been the first day of the week, Sunday, in commemoration of the resurrection of Christ.
Like the Jewish Sabbath, Sunday is traditionally a day of rest. It is also the time when believers gather to hear the reading and preaching of the word of God in the Bible, to participate in the sacraments, and to pray, praise, and give thanks.
The needs of communal worship have spawned the composition of thousands of hymns, chorales, and chants, as well as instrumental music, especially for the organ, and since the 4th century, Christian communities have also constructed special buildings for their worshipchurches and cathedralsthereby also helping shape the history of architecture.
Christian Life
The two principal Christian commandments are to love God, and to love your neighbor.
However, the application of these two commandments alone to the various situations in life, whether personal and social, does not necessarily result in uniform moral or political behavior.
Many Christians, for example, regard consuming any amount of alcohol as a sin whereas (many) others do not. Also, on any given question, you can find Christians on both sides of the political spectrum, as well as in the middle. Even so, with these obvious divides, we still speak of a single and unequivocal Christian way of life, a life informed by the call to reverence and service.
And what the Christian way of life entails, the views held, include the conviction of the inherent worth of every person as one who has been created in the image of God, they include the sanctity of human life and of marriage and of the family, it includes the imperative to strive for justice even in a fallen world; these dynamic moral commitments are accepted by most Christians, no matter where they fall on the political spectrum, and no matter how much their own conduct may fall short of these norms.
This trait, however, is not uniquely Christian: almost every religion set moral standards that are almostfor the average followerto maintain, and it is evident already in the pages of the New Testament that the task of working out the applications and implications of an ethic of love under the conditions of worldly existence has never been easy; it is clear that there has, in fact, never been a golden age in which this was otherwise.
Eschatology
Christian doctrineexpressed in the Christian hope for everlasting lifedoes however hold the prospect of such a time. In fact, the historical Jesus (at least according to the Gospels) spoke of this hope with such immediacy that many of his followers clearly expected the end of the world and the arrival of the eternal kingdom in their own lifetimes.
Ever since the 1st century the expectations of a soon-to-be-here Judgment Day have ebbed and flowed, at times reaching fever pitch and at others receding to an acceptance of the world just like it is, the end well beyond the horizon.
History
Virtually all that we know about Jesus himself and about early Christianity originates with those who claimed to be his followers, and because they wrote in order to persuade non-believers rather than to satisfy historical curiosity, this information often raises more questions than it answers.
Consequently, no scholar has ever succeeded in harmonizing all such sources into a coherent and completely satisfying chronological account.
In fact, due to the nature of these sources, it is, for practical purposes, impossible to distinguish between the original teachings of Jesus himselfwhat the historical person actually saidand the teachings about what he said now sprouting in the various early Christian communities; for it is so easy to put persuasive words in someones historical mouth, especially since he or she is no longer around to keep you honest.
What is known, however, what is regarded as fact, is that the person and message of Jesus of Nazareth soon attracted a following of those who believed him to be a new prophet; and the recollections of his words and deeds, transmitted to posterity through those who eventually composed the Gospels, view Jesus' days on earth in the light of such events (miracles) as his resurrection from the dead on the first Easter.
And so, these followers concluded that what he had shown himself to be through his resurrection, he must have already been when he walked the Earthand, indeed, must have been even before he was born of Mary, in the very being of God from eternity.
The authors of the Gospels then proceeded to draw upon the language of their existing Scriptures (i.e., the Hebrew Bible, which Christians came to call the Old Testament) to account for the reality they had observed as the apostles of Jesus Christ.
Believing, further, that it had been Jesus will and command that they congregate into a new communityas the redeeming remnant of the people of Israelthese Jewish Christians came to form the original Christian church in Jerusalem.
And there it was that they believed themselves to receive His promised gift of the Holy Spirit and of a new, and holy, power.
The Beginnings of the Church
It could well be said that Jerusalem was the birthplace of the Christian movement, and remain its foundation at least until the city was destroyed by Rome in 70 CE, a center from which Christianity was soon to radiate to other cities and towns in Palestine and beyond.
At first, Christianitys appeal was mostly confined to the adherents of Judaism, to whom it presented itself as a revivalthough not in the sense of novel and brand-new, but in the sense of taking a new view on fulfilling what God had promised to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
Thus, from its very formation, Christianity manifested a dual relation to the Jewish faith: one of continuity and one of fulfillment. Above all, the presence of so many elements of Judaism in the Christian Bible has acted to remind Christians that he whom they worshiped as their Lord was himself a Jew, and that the New Testament did not stand on its own but was based on and appended to the Old.
However, in the 2nd Century CE, Christians with Gentile backgrounds began to outnumber Jewish Christians. Clearly, the work of the apostle Paul was influential.
Born a Jew, Paul was deeply involved in the destiny of Judaism, but as a result of his experience and conversion, he believed that he was the chosen instrument to bring the message of Christ to the Gentiles.
And so, he was to formulatein his Epistles to several early Christian congregationsmany of the ideas and terms that were to constitute the core of Christian belief. Accordingly, he certainly deserves the title of the first Christian theologian, and most, if not all, theologians who came after him based their concepts and systems on his Epistles, by now collected and codified in the New Testament.
From these Epistles and from other sources during the first two centuries after Jesus birth, it is possible to deduce how the early congregations were organized.
The Epistles to Timothy and to Titusboth apparently written by Paul, although many biblical scholars now find his authorship of these letters implausibleshow the beginnings of an organization based on an orderly transmission of leadership from the generation of the first apostles to subsequent bishops.
However, the rather fluid and interchanging use of terms such as bishop, presbyter, and deacon in these documents makes it impossible to discern a single and uniform policy, and it was not until the 3rd century that we saw widespread agreement about the authority of the bishop as the link with the apostles. He was, however, to constitute such a link only if he adhered to the teaching of the apostles as this was laid down in the New Testament and in the deposit of faith transmitted by the apostolic churches.
Councils and Creeds
This Deposit if Faith would eventually show signs of varied and personal interpretations, at which point it was deemed necessary to clarify such deposits to ensure uniformity throughout the fledgling church.
The most important of these deviationssoon to be called heresiesconcerned the person of Christ. Some theologians sought to protect his holiness by denying that his humanity was like that of other human beings, while others sought to protect the monotheistic faith by making Christ a lesser divine being than God the Father.
(Note, that no one consulted Christ, or the Father in these matters of interpretation).
In response to these two tendencies, early creeds began the process of defining the divine in Christ, both in relation to the divine in the Father and in relation to the human in Christ. The definitive formulations of these relations took form in a series of official church councils during the 4th and 5th centuriesnotably the one at Nicaea in 325 and the one at Chalcedon in 451which outlined the doctrines of the Trinity and of the two natures of Christ in the form still accepted by most Christians.
In order to establish these formulations, Christianity had to refine both its thought and language, and in this process created a philosophical theologyboth in Greek and in Latinthat was to be the dominant intellectual system of Europe for more than a thousand years.
The principal architectsome say founding fatherof the Western Christian theology was Saint Augustine of Hippo, whose literary output, including the classic Confessions and The City of God, did more than any other body of writings, except for the Bible itself, to shape that system.
Persecution
First, however, Christianity had to sort out its relation to the political order. Initially, as a Jewish sect, the primitive Christian church shared the status of Judaism in the Roman Empire, but before the death of Emperor Nero in 68 CE it had already been singled out as a freestanding religion of its own, and as an enemy to Rome.
The grounds for Roman hostility toward the Christians were not uniform, and opposition and persecution of the fledgling movement was more often than not a local matter.
However, the loyalty of Christians to Jesus as Lord, was irreconcilable with the worship of the Roman emperor as Lord, and those emperors, such as Trajan and Marcus Aurelius, who were the most deeply committed to unity and reform were also the ones who recognized the Christians as a threat to those goals and who therefore undertook to eliminate the threat.
But, as in the history of other religionsespecially Islamovert and official opposition to the faith managed to produce a result in exact opposite to the intended purpose, and, in the epigram of the North African church father Tertullian, the blood of the martyrs became the seed of the church.
Thus, by the beginning of the 4th century, Christianity had grown so much both in size and in strength that it had to be eradicated once and for all, or acceptedone or the other.
Emperor Diocletian tried Plan A (eradication) and failed; Constantine the Great executed Plan B, converted to the new religion and so created a Christian empire.
Official Acceptance
The conversion of Constantine the Great to Christianity assured the church a privileged place in society, and it soon grew easier to be a Christian than not to be one. As a result, the more devout Christians perceived that the standards of Christian conduct were being lowered (to accommodate the masses) and that the only way to obey the moral imperatives of Christ was to flee the world (and the church that was in the world, perhaps even of the world) and to follow the full-time profession of Christian discipline as a monk.
Thus, from its early beginnings in the Egyptian desertwith the hermit Saint AnthonyChristian monasticism spread to many parts of the Christian empire during the 4th and 5th centuries.
And not only in Greek and Latin portions of the Roman empire, but even beyond its eastern borders, far into Asia, Christian monks devoted themselves to prayer, asceticism, and service.
In fact, these monks were to become, during the Byzantine and medieval periods, the most powerful single force in the conversion and Christianization of nonbelievers, in the renewal of worship and preaching, and in theology and scholarship. Most Christians today owe their Christianity ultimately to the work of monks.
Eastern Christianity
Possibly the most influential act of Constantine the Great was his decision in 330 CE to move the capital of the Roman empire from Rome to the New Rome, the city of Byzantium at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea.
This new capital, then name Constantinople after Constantine (though now known as stanbul), also became the intellectual and religious focus of Eastern Christianity.
While Western Christianity grew increasingly centralizedtaking the shape of a pyramid with the pope in Rome as its apexthe principal centers of the East, that is, Constantinople, Jerusalem, Antioch, and Alexandria, developed and grew independently of each other.
This independence gave to Eastern liturgy and theology a quality that Western observers, even in the Middle Ages, would characterize as mystical, a quality enhanced by the strongly Neoplatonic strain in Byzantine philosophy.
Western versus Eastern Christianity
These distinctive features of the Christian Eastthe lack of a centralized authority, the close tie to the Byzantine Empire, the mystical and liturgical tradition, the continuity with Greek language and culture, and the isolation as a consequence of Muslim expansioncontributed also to its increasing alienation from the West, which finally produced the East-West schism.
Historians have often dated the schism from 1054, when Rome and Constantinople exchanged excommunications, but much can be said for fixing the date at 1204 instead, for in that year, the Western Christian armieson their way to wrest the Holy Land from the grip of the Turksactually (and under what pretext one wonders) attacked and ravaged the Christian city of Constantinople.
Whatever date we choose, the separation of East and West has since continued and exist even today, despite repeated attempts at reconciliation.
The Slavs
Another point of controversy between Constantinople and Rome was the evangelization of the Slavs, beginning in the 9th century. Although several Slavic tribesPoles, Moravs, Czechs, Slovaks, Croats, and Sloveneseventually landed in the orbit of the Western church, the vast majority of Slavic peoples became followers of the Eastern Christian tradition.
From its early foundations in Kyiv, Ukraine, this Slavic Orthodoxy then permeated Russia, where the features of Eastern Christianity outlined above took perhaps its firmest hold.
Western Christianity
Although Eastern Christianity was in many ways a more direct heir of the early church, some of the most dynamic development in the Christian religion took place in the western part of the Roman Empire.
Two closely related forces lie behind these developments, and deserve particular mention: the growth of the (power of the) papacy and the migration of the Germanic peoples.
Once Constantine had moved the capital of the Roman empire to Constantinople, the most powerful force remaining in Rome was its bishop.
Rome, which could trace its Christian faith to the apostles Peter and Paul and which repeatedly acted as arbiter of orthodoxy when other centersincluding, interestingly, Constantinoplefell into heresy or schism, was the capital of the Western church, and it continued to hold this position even when the succeeding waves of Germanic tribes, in what used to be called the barbarian invasions, swept into Europe.
Conversion of these invaders to Catholic Christianity meant at the same time their incorporation into the institution of which the bishop of Rome was the head; a fact which conversion of the king of the Franks, Clovis I, well illustrates.
As the political power of Constantinople over its western provinces continued to decline, several separate Germanic kingdoms were created, and finally, in 800, an independent Western Roman empire was born when Charlemagne was crowned emperor by Pope Leo III.
Thus, Western medieval Christianity, unlike its Eastern counterpart, was a single entity, or strove to be one. When a Western tribe became Christian it learned Latin and often, as in the case of both France and Spain, lost its own language in the process. Latin, the language of ancient Rome, thus became the liturgical, literary, and scholarly speech of western Europe.
Papal Power
Archbishops and abbots, although wielding great power in their own fiefdoms, wereat least on paper, and despite his frequent inability to enforce his claimssubordinate to the pope.
Theologically, the long shadow of Saint Augustine continued to dominate, and by the middle ages there was little independent access to the (often deemed heretical) speculations of the ancients.
The image of cooperation between church and state, symbolized by the popes coronation of Charlemagne, must not be taken to mean that no conflict existed between the two in the Middle Ages. On the contrary (and not surprisinglywere dealing with humans, after allthey clashed repeatedly over the delineation of their respective spheres of authority.
The most persistent source of such clashes was the right of the sovereign to appoint bishops in his realmknown as lay investiturewhich eventually came to a head and brought Pope Gregory VII and Holy Roman Emperor Henry IV to a deadlock in 1075.
Wielding his Christian sword, the pope excommunicated the emperor, while the emperor flatly refused to acknowledge Gregory as pope. They were temporarily reconciled when Henry subjected himself in penance to the pope at Canossa in 1077, but the tension was never truly resolved.
A similar issue was at stake in the excommunication of King John of England by Pope Innocent III in 1209, which ended with the kings submission to the pope four years later.
The basis of these disputes was the complex involvement of the church in feudal society. Bishops and abbots administered a great deal of land and other wealth and constituted, consequently, a major economic and political force, over which the king had to exercise some control if he was to assert his authority over his secular nobility.
On the other hand, the papacy could not afford to let a national church become the puppet of a political regime.
The Crusades
There is, however, nothing like a common foe to close ranks, and the Church and State did exactly that when joining forces during the crusades.
The Muslim conquest of Jerusalem meant that the holy places associated with the life of Jesus were now under the control of a non-Christian power; and even though the reports of interference with Christian pilgrims were often highly exaggerated, the conviction grew that it was the will of God for Christian armies to liberate the Holy Land.
As of the First Crusade (1095), the campaigns of liberation did manage to establish a Latin patriarchate in Jerusalem; but a century later Jerusalem had returned to Muslim rule, and within 200 years the last Christian outpost had fallen.
In this sense the Crusades were a failure, or evenin the case of the Fourth Crusade of 1202-1204a disaster. They did not permanently restore Christian rule to the Holy Land, and they did not unify the West either ecclesiastically or politically.
Philosophical Advancements
A more impressive achievement of the medieval church during the period of the Crusades was the development of Scholastic philosophy and theology.
Building as always on the foundations of the thought of Saint Augustine, Latin theologians turned their attention to the relation between the knowledge of God attainable by unaided human reason and the knowledge communicated by revelation.
Saint Anselm took as his motto I believe in order that I might understand and based on that proceeded to construct a proof for the existence of God based on the structure of human thought itselfthe ontological argument.
At about the same time, Peter Abelard was examining the contradictions between various strains in the doctrinal tradition of the church, hoping to develop methods of harmonization.
These two (major philosophical) tasks dominated the thinking of the 12th and 13th centuries, until the recovery of the lost works of Aristotle made available a set of definitions and distinctions that could be applied to both.
The philosophical theology of Saint Thomas Aquinas sought to do justice to the natural knowledge of God while at the same time exalting the revealed knowledge in the gospel, and so wove the disparate parts of the tradition into a unified whole. Together with such contemporaries as Saint Bonaventure, Aquinas represents the intellectual ideal of medieval Christianity.
However, by the time Aquinas died, storms had already begun to gather over the Western church. In 1309 the papacy fled from Rome to Avignon, where it remained until 1377 in the so-called Babylonian Captivity of the church. This was followed by the Great Schism, during which there were two (and sometimes even three) claimants to the papal throne. That was not resolved until 1417, but the reunited papacy found it impossible to regain control or even respect.
Reformation and Counter Reformation
By this time, reformers of many colors denounced the now quite obvious moral laxity and financial corruption that had blighted the church in its members and in its head and called for radical change.
Martin Luther was the catalyst that sparked the new movement.
His personal struggle for religious certainty led him, actually against his will, to question the medieval system of salvation and the very authority of the church itself, and his subsequent excommunication by Pope Leo X was the step beyond any point of return that eventually lead to the division of Western Christendom.
This reform movement was not confined to Luthers Germany. Native reform movements in Switzerland found leadership in John Calvin, whose Institutes of the Christian Religion became the most influential synopsis of the new theology.
The soon-to-follow English Reformation, provoked in part by the troubles of King Henry VIII, was to reflect the influence of both the Lutheran and the Calvinistic reforms, but it took its own middle course, retaining some Catholic elements such as the historic episcopate (too wealthy and politically influential to dismantle, methinks) alongside Protestant elements such as the sole authority of the Bible.
In his native France, Calvin and his teachings helped establish the Huguenot partyinitially fiercely opposed by both church and state, but finally recognized with the Edict of Nantes in 1598 (though ultimately revoked in 1685).
The more radical Reformation groups, notably the Anabaptists, set themselves against other Protestants as well as against Rome, rejecting such long-established practices as infant baptism and sometimes even such dogmas as the Trinity and denouncing the alliance of church and state.
That alliance of church and state, however, helped determine the ultimate outcome of the Reformation, which succeeded where it gained the support of the new national states.
As a consequence of these ties to a rising national spirit, the Reformation also helped create the literary milestonesespecially translations of the Bible from its revered Latin to the vernacularthat were to decisively shape the language and the spirit of many peoples.
The Reformation also gave fresh stimulus to biblical preaching and to worship in the vernacular, for which a new hymnody came into being.
Because of its emphasis on the participation of all believers in worship and confession, the Reformation also developed systems for instruction in doctrine and ethics, especially in the form of catechisms, and an ethic of service in the world.
However, the Protestant Reformation did not entirely exhaust the spirit of reform within the Roman Catholic Church, for in response both to the Protestant challenge and to its own needs, the church summoned the Council of Trent, which continued over the years 1545-1563, giving definitive formulation to doctrines at issue and legislating practical reforms in liturgy, church administration, and education.
The task of carrying out the decisions of the council fell on the Society of Jesus, formed by Saint Ignatius of Loyola. It is also worthy of note that the time coincidence of the discovery of the New World and the Reformation was seen by the Roman Catholic Church as a providential opportunity to evangelize those who had never heard the gospel.
The bottom line here is that the Council of Trent on the Roman Catholic side and the many confessions of faith on the Protestant side had the effect of making the division between the two permanent.
The Modern Period
Already apparent during the Renaissance and Reformation, and even more so during the 17th and 18th centuries, it grew increasingly clear that Christianity would have to define (and defend) itself in response to the rise of modern science and philosophy.
The condemnation of Galileo Galilei by the Inquisition on suspicion of heresy was eventually to find its Protestant counterpart in the controversies that arose over the impact of Darwins theory of evolution on the biblical account of creation, which begged to differ.
And the theory of evolution was not an isolated incidence, but just one of the modern movements that put Christianity on the defensive.
Such as the 17th-century critical-historical method of studying the Bible, which threatened the authority of Scripture, and which led to the condemnation of Enlightenment rationalism as a source of religious indifference and anticlericalism.
Even democracy, due to its emphasis on the human capacity to determine human destiny, would soon fall under condemnation. And it grew worse for the Church as the increasing secularization of society removed its control from other areas of civic life, especially education, which it had once wholly controlled.
Church versus State
This has led to a fundamental redefinition of the relation between Christianity and the civil order. Granting of religious toleration to minority faiths and a gradual separation of church and state do in fact represented a radical departure from a system that had held sway over much of the Western world since the conversion of Constantine the Great and is, one must conclude, the most far-reaching change in the modern history of Christianity.
New ecumenical movements have since tried to bring together, or at least bring toward a better understandingthough sometimes even toward reunionvarious Christian denominations that separated long ago. It is, after all, supposed to be the same religion.
Important steps in this direction were taken at the Second Vatican Council, where the Roman Catholic Church moved toward reconciliation both with the East and with Protestantism.
That same council also expressed, and for the first time in an official forum, a positive appreciation of the genuine spiritual power present in the world religions.
The relation between Christianity and its parent, Judaism, has always been a problem child, and after many centuries of hostility and even persecution, the two faiths have now moved toward a closer degree of mutual understanding than at any time since the 1st century.
The reactions of the churches to their changed situation in the modern world have also led to increased theological interest.
Reformation
Such Protestant theologians as Jonathan Edwards and Friedrich Schleiermacher and such Roman Catholic thinkers as Blaise Pascal and John Henry Newman took up the reorientation of the traditional apologias for their respective faiths, this time drawing upon religious experience (rather than pure scriptural survey) as a validation of the reality of the divine.
Thus, the 19th century proved to be a preeminent time of historical research into the development of Christian ideas and institutions, which research not only indicated to many that no particular form of doctrine or church structure could claim to be absolute and final (most, if not all of it, being hearsay in the first place), but it also provided other theologians with new resources for reinterpreting the Christian message.
Subsequent literary investigation of the biblical booksalthough viewed with suspicion by many conservativesled to new insights about how the Bible had been composed and assembled; and the study of liturgy, combined with the understanding that ancient forms did not always make sense to the modern era, also brought reform to the worship.
Church versus Modern State
The ambivalent relation of the Christian faith to modern culture, seen in all these trends, is also evident in the role it has played in social and political history.
You would find Christians on both sides of the 19th-century debates over slaveryboth (naturally) using biblical arguments, while much revolution inspiration, from the French to the Russian, was explicitly anti-Christian.
The 20th-century Marxist regimes, in particular, actually oppressed the Christians for their faith, and their traditional beliefs were denounced (politically speaking) as reactionary. Nevertheless, the revolutionary faith has frequently drawn from Christian sources.
Mohandas K. Gandhi always maintained that he was acting in the spirit of Jesus Christ, and Martin Luther King, Jr. was, in fact, a Protestant preacher who strove to base his political program on the message of the Sermon on the Mount.
By the last quarter of the 20th century, the missionary movements of the various strands of the Church had carried the Christian faith to every corner of the world.
One characteristic of modern times, however, saw a radical change of leadership in the far-away mission churches. In fact, since World War II such daughter churches have increasingly been taken over by local or national leaders from the previously prevalent Western leadership of Roman Catholic, Anglican, and Protestant churches in the Third World.
Spreading the faith world-wide has, however, not been frictionless, and often the adaptations or assimilation of native customs pose problems of both theology and tradition, as, for example, when African polygamists attempt to live Christian family lives.
Among Protestants, evangelicalism saw a resurgence of strength during the late 20th and early 21st centuries, and many, including Pentecostals and Fundamentalists, again emphasized the authority of the Bible, personal commitment to Jesus, and salvation through faith.
On the family and on other social issues, this resurgence tended to take a conservative stance. Some leaders questioned the teaching of evolution in schools, while many American Catholics regretted what they saw as their churchs failure to remain relevant in the late 20th and early 21st centuries.
Concern about a dwindling clergy also grew as the Roman Catholic Church continued to exclude married priests and women.
Needless to say, the leaders of both Reform and Conservative Judaism are vocal lobbyists for breaking the prevailing Orthodox monopoly on defining the nature of Israeli Judaism.
The Kaleidoscope Religion
A thorough study of how the New Testament came to be reveals how fragmented and historically revisionist this book truly is.
Written from the memories of those told by those who were told by those who perhaps (and perhaps not) had been told by those present (or who had known someone who had been present) at one or more of the events chronicled, it is no surprise that facts and figures might be hard to reconcile, and that they sometimes feel a bit stretched.
It is a well-known fact that several versions of the New Testament existed in the 2nd and 3rd centuries CE. Origen, for one, tried to reconcile the diverse manuscripts. Saint Jerome then tried to translate this kaleidoscope of a book into a unified Latin version, and he had choices to make (which part from which version) and he made them.
I guess you could say that if anyone is the father of Christianityfor he provided Rome with the Latin version of this religionits Jerome.
Founded upon such disputed (or disputable) ground, it is no wonder that the Church is as fragmented as it is. Buddhism and average Christianity have more in common than the Roman Catholic Church and some of the more extremist fundamental Protestant movement.
Add to this the Roman Catholic Church history as an immensely profitable business venture, fueled by virtually endless priestly and papal greed, and it is no wonder that it seems we are looking at many, not one, religion when we view Christianity of today.

:: Islam ::
Islam is one of the three major world religionsalongside Judaism and Christianitythat proclaim monotheism, or the belief in a single God. 
In Arabic, the word Islam means surrender or submissionsubmission, that is, to the will of God. A follower of Islam is called a Muslim, which in Arabic means one who surrenders to God. However, the Arabic name for God, Allah, does indeed refer to the same God worshiped by both Jews and Christians.
The central teaching of Islam is that there is but one all-powerful, all-knowing God, and that this God created the universe. This unbending monotheism, as well as the Islamic teaching that all Muslims (regardless of class or gender) are equal before God, provides the basis for a collective sense of loyalty to God that transcends race, class, and nationality.
All Muslims, in other words, belong to one community, the umma, irrespective of their ethnic or national background.
The initial growth of Islam was nothing if not explosive: within two centuries after its 7th-century rise, Islam spread from its original home in Arabia into Syria, Egypt, North Africa, and Spain to the west, and into Persia, and India to the east. In the following centuries, Islam also reached Anatolia and the Balkans to the north, and sub-Saharan Africa to the south.
Today, the Muslim community comprises well over 1 billion followers on all five continents, and, statistically, Islam is the fastest-growing religion in the world.
The country with the most Muslims is Indonesia, followed by Pakistan and Bangladesh. Beyond the Middle East, large numbers of Muslims live in India, Nigeria, the former republics of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR), as well as China. 
One of the reasonsif not the main reasonfor this explosive growth of the Muslim community has been its openness to new members, and the ease with which you can join up. Children born to Muslim parents are considered Muslim as a matter of course.
Also, at any time, a non-Muslim can convert to Islam by declaring himself or herself to be a Muslim. A persons declaration of faith is sufficient evidence of conversion to Islam and need not be confirmed by others or by religious authorities.
The Teachings of Muhammad
Muhammad, the founding prophet of Islam, was born circa 570 CE in Mecca, which at that time was the central city of the Arabian Peninsula.
Some 40 years later Muhammad began preaching a new religion, Islam, which taught that there was one God, and that Muhammad was the last (and final) in a series of prophets and messengers. Through his messengers God had sent various codes and laws for living, culminating in the Qur'an, the holy book of Islam.
These messengers, according to Muhammad, were all mortal men, who included, among many others, Moses and Jesus (whom Christians believe to be the son of God rather than a prophet).
Muhammad also taught that both the Christian Bible and the Qur'an are holy books, but that the two earlier Scriptures (referring to the Old and the New Testaments) had been altered over time from their original forms given by God, while the Qur'an would remain perfect, preserved by God from such distortionimplying thereby that Islam is, and forever will be, the best of all religions.
In addition to distinguishing itself from the Hebrew and Christian traditions, the new religion also taught that the God of Islam had, through the prophets and the Quran, provided humanity with the means to know good from evil. Therefore, on the Day of Judgment all people will be held accountable for their actions.
Initially, Muhammads teachings met with severe and hostile opposition, and in the year 622 he fled Mecca and sought refuge in the city of Yathrib, as a number of his followers had already done. Upon Muhammad's arrival, the name Yathrib was changed to Medina (meaning the city).
The date of Muhammad's arrival at Medina was later set as the beginning of the 12-month lunar Islamic calendar.
The Five Pillars
During the ten years between his arrival in Medina and his death in 632 CE, Muhammad laid the foundation for the ideal Islamic state, and by its tenets formed around him a core of committed Muslims whose community life was ordered according to the requirements of his new religion.
In addition to general moral injunctions (many of which have their counterparts in all major religions), the requirements of Islam came to include a number of institutions that continue to characterize Islamic religious practice today.
Foremost among these requirements are the five pillars of Islam: the essential religious duties required of every adult Muslim who is mentally able.
The five pillars are each described in some part of the Quran and were, in fact, already practiced during Muhammad's lifetime:
The profession of faith (shahada),
Prayer (salat),
Almsgiving (zakat),
Fasting (sawm), and
Pilgrimage (hajj)
Although some of these practices had their precedents in Jewish, Christian, and other Middle Eastern religious traditions, as a group they do distinguish Islamic religious practices from those of other religions.
The five pillars are thus the most central rituals of Islam and constitute the core practices of the Islamic faith.
Polemical descriptions of Islam usually focus on the Islamic concept of jihad. Jihad, considered by some Muslims to be the sixth pillar of Islam, is often, in these descriptions, understood to mean holy war. However, the word in Arabic means to struggle or to exhaust one's effort,  in order to please God.
Within the faith of Islam, this effort can be individual or collective, and it can apply to leading a virtuous life; helping other Muslims through charity, education, or other means; preaching Islam; and (its most understood implication) fighting to defend Muslims.
Current Western media continue to focus on the militant interpretations of the concept of jihad, whereas most Muslims do not.
The Profession of Faith
The absolute focus of all Islam is Allah, the supreme, the all-knowing, all-powerful, and above all, all-merciful God.
The Arabic word Allah means the God, and this God is understood to be the God who created the universe and who will sustain it to its end.
By obeying God's commands (as received, interpreted and relayed by the prophets), human beings acknowledge and express their gratitude for the wisdom of creation, and thereby live in harmony with the universe.
A profession of faith is therefore a firm prerequisite for membership in the Muslim community. On many occasions during a typical day, as well as in the saying of daily prayers, a Muslim repeats this profession: I bear witness that there is no god but Allah and that Muhammad is his messenger.
There are no formal restrictions on the times and places these words can be repeated.
To enter the Muslim community, a person has to profess and act upon this belief in the oneness of God and the true prophethood of Muhammad. To represent a true relationship between the speaker and God, and to be a true profession of faith, this pledge must express genuine knowledge of its meaning as well as sincere belief.
While a persons deeds are subject to scrutiny by other Muslims, a persons profession of faith is sufficient evidence of membership in the Muslim community and cannot be challenged by other members.
The Five Daily Prayers
The second pillar of Islam is the religious duty to perform five prescribed daily prayers or salat.
Every adult Muslims is expected to perform five prayerseach preceded by ritual cleansing or purification of the bodyat different intervals of the day.
In this regard, the Quran also makes mention of standing, bowing, and prostrating during prayers and facing a set direction, known as qibla. The Muslims were first required to face Jerusalem during prayer, but already during Muhammads lifetime this was revised and they were henceforth commanded by the prophet to face the Kaaba, an ancient shrine in the city of Mecca.
The Quran also references the recitation of parts of the Quran as a form of prayer. However, even with its numerous references, the Quran alone does not spell out exact instructions for this central pillar.
More detailed descriptions of the rituals for prayer derive from the example set by the prophet Muhammad himself as preserved in Islamic traditions. However, although some details of these rituals vary, all Muslims agree that there are five required daily prayers to be performed at certain times of day: at dawn (fajr or subh), at noon (zuhr), at midafternoon (asr), at sunset (maghrib), and at evening (isha).
However, the dawn, noon, and sunset prayers do not start exactly at dawn, noon, and sunset. Instead, in order to distinguish the Islamic ritual from earlier practices of worshiping the sun when it rises or sets, the Muslim prayers begin just after dawn, noon, and sunset.
A prayer is made up of a sequence of units called bowings (or rakas). During each of these bowings, the worshiper stands, bows, kneels, and prostrates while reciting verses from the Quran as well as other prayer formulas.
Wherever Muslims live in substantial numbers throughout the world, the call to prayer, or adhan, is repeated five times a day by a crier (or muezzin) from a mosque, the Muslim place of worship. Muslims are encouraged to pray together in mosques, but group prayer is only a religious obligation for the noon prayer on Friday.
Women, travelers, sick Muslims, and those attending to the sick are granted license not to attend the Friday congregational prayer, although they may attend if they wish.
The Friday noon prayer is led by an imam, who is simply a prayer leader. This prayer differs from the other noon prayers in that as a required part of the ritual two sermons precede the prayer. On other days, Muslims can pray anywhere they wish, either individually or in groups.
They must however observe the rituals of praying at certain times of day, facing in the direction of Mecca, observing the proper order of prayers, and preparing through symbolic purification. Depending on the situation, this last ritual of ablution requires either total washing of the body or a less elaborate ritual washing of the hands, mouth, face, and feet.
In addition to the five required daily prayers, Muslims can perform non-obligatory prayers, some of which have fixed ritual formats and are performed before or after each of the five daily prayers. Others are performed at night, either individually or with other Muslims.
These additional formal and informal prayers give expression to the primary function of prayer in Islam: personal communication with God for the purpose of maintaining the abiding presence of the divine in the personal lives of Muslims.
The more formal aspects of prayer also serve to provide a disciplined rhythm that structures the day and fosters a sense of community and shared identity among Muslims.
Now, a Buddhist would look at these highly regimented rituals of worship and see the long shadows cast by those innumerable rituals that form the core of the Hindu religion.
Man does seem to love ritualfeeling, more often than not, that by going through these prescribed motions duty has been served, reverence has been paid, prayers delivered, and future happiness guaranteed.
Ah, that it were so.
Almsgiving
The third pillar is zakat, or almsgiving. A religious obligation, zakat is also considered an expression of devotion to God, representing as it does the act of providing for the poor and a means for the Muslim to purify his or her wealth, and so attain salvation.
The Quran, along with other Islamic traditions, stresses charity and constantly reminds Muslims of their moral obligation to the poor, orphans, and widows. These references, however, distinguish between general, voluntary charity (or sadaqa) and zakat, the obligatory charge on the money or produce of Muslims.
While the meaning of terms has been open to different interpretations, the Quran regularly refers to zakat, and also identifies specific ways in which this tax can be spent.
Such specific uses include spending zakat on the poor and the needy, spending it on those who collect and distribute zakat, spending it on those whom Muslims hope to win over and convert to Islam, on travelers, on the ransom of captives, to relieve those who are burdened with debts, and spending it on the cause of God (which, of course, in turn is wide-open to interpretation).
The Quran provides less-than-detailed information about what money or produce are subject to the zakat tax and what is not, nor does it provide details of the precise share of income or property that should be paid as zakat. Rather, these determinations are provided in the traditions of the prophet Muhammad himself and have since been the subject of elaborate discussions among Muslim juristsas would any subject this intimately involved with one of mans favorites obsessions: money.
For example, a consensus today prescribes that one-fortieth of the assets accumulated during the year (including gold, silver, and money) is payable at the end of the year, while one-tenth of the harvest of the land or date trees is payable at harvest time.
On the other hand, cattle, camels, and other domestic animals are subject to a more complex taxation system that depends on the animals in question, their age, the numbers involved, and whether they are freely grazing.
As for trade, traditional zakat laws do not cover this, but commercial taxes have been imposed by various Muslim governments throughout history.
Fasting
The fourth pillar of Islam is sawm, or fasting.
The Quran prescribes fasting during the month of Ramadan, the 9th month of the 12-month Islamic lunar year, during which the first revelation of the Quran is said to have occurred during.
During this sacred month, Muslims must fast from daybreak to sunset by refraining not only from eating, drinking, but also from sexual intercourse. Menstruating women, travelers, and sick people are exempted from fasting but have to make up the days they miss at a later date. 
The intention of this fast is to introduce physical and spiritual discipline, which should serve to remind the rich of the misfortunes of the poor, and which should foster, through this rigorous act of worship, a sense of solidarity and mutual care among Muslims of all social backgrounds.
Most Muslims also engage in acts of worship beyond the ordinary during Ramadan, such as voluntary night prayer, reading sections from the Quran, and paying voluntary charity to the poor.
Muslims may even (and mostly do) choose to wake before daybreak to eat a meal that will sustain them until sunset. Once the fasting is over, the holiday of breaking the fast, id al-fitr, begins, lasting for three days.
During the rest of the year, fasting can be required as a compensation for various offenses and violations of the law.
Pilgrimage to Mecca
The fifth pillar requires that Muslims who have the physical and financial ability should perform the pilgrimage, or hajj, to Mecca at least once in a lifetime.
The hajj take place during the 12th lunar month of the year, known as Dhu al-Hijja, and it involves a set and detailed sequence of rituals that are practiced over the span of several days.
All of these rituals take place in Mecca and its surroundings, and their primary focus is a cubical structure called the Kaabaor the House of God, which, according to Islamic tradition was built at God's command by the prophet Ibrahimthat would be Abraham of the Hebrew and Christian Biblesand his son Ismail.
The Quran gives detailed descriptions of these rituals and portrays many of them as reenactments of the activities undertaken by Ibrahim and Ismail while building the Kaaba.
Set into one corner of the Kaaba is the sacred Black Stone, which, according to one Islamic tradition, was given to Ibrahim by the angel Gabriel.
Another Islamic tradition tells that this stone was first set in place by Adam.
During this pilgrimage to Mecca, before returning home, most Muslims also visit Medina, the home of the Prophets tomb. Many Muslims pilgrims also travel to Jerusalem, which is the third sacred city for Islam.
The Mosque
The mosque is the physical manifestation of the public presence of Muslims and serves as a point of convergence for Islamic social and intellectual activity.
The Arabic word for mosque is masjid, which means a place of prostration before God. Mosques are mentioned in the Quran, and the earliest model for a mosque was the residence that the prophet Muhammad built when he moved to Medina.
This first mosque was simply an enclosure marked as a special place of worship. A small part of this compound was sectioned off to house the Prophet and his family, while the remaining space was left open as a place for Muslims to pray. 
Although later mosques developed into complex architectural structures built in diverse styles, the one requirement of all mosques continues to be based on the earliest model: a designation of space for the purpose of prayer.
These early mosques served an equally important function, a function that mosques continue to serve to this day: as a place where Muslims foster their collective identity through prayer and attend to common concerns.
Normally, a Muslim city has numerous mosques but only a few of these would serve as congregational or Friday mosques where the obligatory Friday noon prayers are performed.
As Islam began to spread outside Arabia, Islamic architecture was, understandably,  influenced by the various architectural styles of the conquered lands, leading to construction of both simple and monumental mosques of striking beauty in cities of the Islamic world.
However, despite the influence of diverse civilizations, certain features became characteristic of most mosques and thus serve to distinguish them from the sacred spaces of other religions and cultures, the most important of which is that a mosque must be oriented toward Mecca.
Many mosques also have separate sections for women.
Most mosques also have one or more minarets, or towers, from which the muezzin calls Muslims to prayer five times a day. In addition to this obvious functional use, these minarets have also become distinguishing elements of mosque architecture, and in large mosques in particular, minarets have the architectural effect of tempering the size and splendor of the dome by conveying the elevation of divinity above the pretensions of human grandeur.
The mosque is not a symbolic microcosm of the universe, as are some places of worship in other religions. Rather, the mosque is always built in alignment with and as a connection to Mecca, the ultimate home of Muslim worship that metaphorically forms the center of all mosques.
The God of Islam
The Quran, and further elaborations of Islamic doctrine, both stress the oneness, the uniqueness, transcendence, and utter otherness of God. As such, God is different from anything that the human senses can perceive or that the human mind can even imagine.
The God of Islam encompasses all creation, though no mind can fully encompass or grasp Him. God, however, is manifest through his creation, and through honest reflection man can discern the wisdom and power required to create a universe such as ours.
Because of Gods oneness, otherness, and his transcending all human experience and knowledge, Islamic law forbids representations of God.
Islamic law also forbids representations of the prophetsincluding, obviously, and famously, Muhammad. Nor, among some Muslims, can representations of human beings be made.
As a result of this belief, Islamic art came to excel in a variety of decorative patterns including leaf shapes later stylized as arabesques, and Arabic script.
In modern times the restrictions on creating images of people have been considerably relaxed, but any attitude of worship toward images and icons is strictly forbidden in Islam.
In several modern societies, the proscription against any form of pictorial representation of the prophets is viewed as a restriction upon freedom of speech and various publications and other outlets have published such images despite the often violent protests staged by local (and worldwide) Muslims as a result.
Commercial interests, howeversince money is at stakeshows more consideration for these proscriptions, as illustrated by the online catalog of a large retailer, whose Arabic versions includes no representation of humans (a gargantuan retouching effort).   
Islamic Monotheism
Even before the advent of Muhammad, many Arabs already believed in a supreme, all-powerful God who was responsible for creation. However, they also believed in a host of lesser gods.
The arrival of Islam put an end to the subordinate gods and the Arab concept of the Deity was purged of elements of polytheism and turned into an uncompromising belief in one God, i.e., monotheism.
Whether truly the case or not, current Islamic view holds that all Arabs before Muhammad were ignorant of God, and that Islam brought about a complete break from earlier Arab concepts of God and thus brought about a radical transformation in Arab belief about God.
Islamic doctrine also maintains that Islams monotheism carries on that of Judaism and Christianity; however, the Quran stresses the distinctions between Islam and those other two monotheistic religions.
According to Islamic belief, both Moses and Jesus, like others before themsuch as Abrahamwere prophets commissioned by God to preach the essential and eternal message of Islam. Muhammad, then, was the final, the holiest, the ultimate prophet
While the legal codes introduced by Moses and Jesusthat is, the Ten Commandments and the Christian Gospelstook different forms than the Quran, according to Islamic understanding (at the level of doctrine) they are in fact the same teaching.
By Islamic lore, the recipients of scriptures are called the people of the book or the scriptured people. Like the Jews and the Christians before them, the Muslims became scriptured when God (via Archangel Gabriel) revealed his word to them through (the last, and ultimate) prophet: God revealed the Quran to the prophet Muhammad, and in the process commanded him to preach it to his people and later to all humanity (and never to take no for an answer).
Although Muslims (by tradition) believe that the original messages of Judaism and Christianity were indeed handed down by God, they also hold that both the Jews and the Christians eventually distorted Gods word.
The self-assigned mission of Islam, therefore, has beenand continues to beto restore what Muslims believe is the original, pure, and unadulterated monotheistic teaching and to supplant the older (and now perverted) legal codes of the Hebrew and Christian traditions with the newer (purer) Islamic code of law that corresponds to the evolving conditions of human societies.
Accordingly, Islamic traditions maintain that Jesus was a prophet whose revealed book was the Christian New Testament, but that later Christians distorted the original scripture and inserted into it the claim that Jesus was the son of God.
Muslims also maintain that the strict laws communicated by Moses in the Hebrew Bible were appropriate for their time. Later, however, Jesusin a breakdown of moral integrityintroduced a code of behavior that stressed spirituality rather than ritual and law.
According to Muslim belief, God grew tired of this perversion of law, and therefore contacted Muhammad (via Gabriel) and handed him the last and perfect legal code that balances the spiritual teachings with the law, and which, therefore, supplants the Jewish and Christian codes.
Therefore, the Islamic code, called Sharia, is the final code, one that will continue to address the needs of humanity in its most developed stages, for all time.
The Quran actually mentions 28 pre-Islamic prophets and messengers, and Islamic belief maintains that God has, in fact, sent tens of thousands of prophets to various peoples since the beginning of creation.
Some of the Quranic prophets are familiar from the Hebrew Bible, but others are never mentioned in the Bible and seem to be prophetic figures from pre-Islamic Arabia.
For the Muslim then, Islamic history unfolds a perfect and divine scheme starting with creation and lasting till the end of time. Creation itself is seen as the realization of God's will. God created humans to worship Him, and human history is sprinkled with prophets to ensure that the world will never lack for knowledge of proper worship of their creator.
The dispatching of prophets is itself understood to be an act of Gods mercy, for God, the creator and sustainer, never abandons his creations, and he always provides his subject human beings with the guidance they need for their salvation in this world and the one to follow.
God is just, and his justice does entail informing humanity, through prophets, of how to act and what to believe before he holds them accountable for their actions and beliefs.
However, once people receive the teachings of prophets and messengersi.e., Gods wordHis justice also involves punishment of those whonow well informed of what to do and what not to dodo wrong or do not believe, while he will reward those who do right and do believe.
Although God is seen as an exacting but just task master, Muslims also believe that Gods most fundamental attribute is mercy. That, at heart, He is understanding (though never forgiving), and that He does go the extra mile to keep his subject well-informed as to law and ritualabout how to behave. Still, it is also well understood that He will not tolerate insubordination and non-compliance with his wishes.
Humanitys Relationship to God
According to Islamic tradition and belief, in addition to sending a string of prophets culminating in Muhammad, God also manifests his mercy by dedicating all of His creation to the exclusive use and service of humankind.
Islamic traditions hold that God brought the world (and the universe) into being for the benefit of his creatures; however, His mercy toward humanity is further manifested in the privileged status God gave to humans.
According to both the Quran and to later traditions, God appointed humankind as his vice regents, or caliphs, on earth, entrusting them with the grave responsibility of fulfilling his scheme for creation.
This Islamic concept of humanitys privileged position in the eyes of God does (and rather radically) depart from the early Jewish and Christian interpretations of the Fall from Paradise that underlie the Christian doctrine of original sin.
According to the Bible, Adam and Eve fell from Paradise as a consequence of disobeying Gods prohibition (to not eat any fruit from the tree of Knowledgewhich in my view is Gods Great Hint for us not get too tangled up in the input of our senses and the facts they seem to provide).
As a result of this disobedience all of (then existing) humanity is cast out of Paradise as punishment. Based on this event, Christian theologians then developed the doctrine that humankind is therefore born with this (original) sin of their first parents still on their souls.
Christians further believe that Jesus Christ came to redeem humans from this original sin to allow humankind to return to God at the end of time.
In contrast, and with a bit of revisionist history (or updated by Gabriel for Muhammads ear and benefit), the Quran maintains that after their initial disobedience, Adam and Eve did in fact successfully repent and so were forgiven by God.
Consequently Muslims believe that the descent by Adam and Eve to earth from Paradise was indeed not a fall, but an honor bestowed on them by God. And to reward them, Adam and all of his progeny were appointed as God's messengers and vice regents, and were all (till the end of time) entrusted by God with the guardianship of the earthmaking, according to Islamic law and tradition, all other worldy beings subservient to humankind.
A stretch, if you ask me.
The Inferiority of Angels
The nature of humankinds relationship to God is also clearly illustrated by comparing it with that of the angels.
According to Islamic tradition, angels were created from light. More specifically, an angel is an immortal being that commits no sins (can commit no sin) and serves as a guardian, as a recorder of (human) deeds, and as a messenger-like link between God and humanity, well-illustrated by Gabriel when he communicated God's message to the prophet Muhammad.
In contrast to humans, angels are incapable of unbelief and always obey Godall, that is bar one: Satan, who some followers of Islam view as an angel who was unusual in his ability to defy Godwhile others view him as a jinn, or spirit created by God from smokeless fire, who roamed among the angels.
Despite these rather superior (from Gods view) angelic traits, Islamic doctrine nonetheless holds that humans are superior to angels; for according to Islamic traditions, God entrusted humans (and not angels, mind you) to keep an eye on the Earth for him, and He apparently also commanded the angels to prostrate themselves before Adam.
Now, Satan, along with the other angels, didnt quite see eye to eye with God's appointment of fallible humans to the honorable position of vice-regency. Being a strict and fervent monotheist, Satan out-and-out disobeyed God and refused to prostrate himself before anyone but Him. For this sin, Satan was doomed (ordered) to lead human beings astray until the end of the world.
Lastly, according to the Quran, God informed the angels that he had endowed humans with a knowledge angels could not acquire.
Methinks not.
Islamic Theology
Pretty much since Islams inception, Muslim theologians have debated (rather than intuiting or knowing, mind you) the subjects of justice and mercy as well as Gods other attributes.
Initially, Islamic theology developed, and was articulated through debates with Christians and Jews, but as their expressions of the basic doctrines of Islam grew increasingly complex, Muslim theologians turned to debating different interpretations of the Quran among themselves, and sowithout external distractionscame to develop the foundations of Islamic theology.
One of these internal theological debates focused on the question of free will and predestination. One group of Muslim theologians maintained that because God is just, he can and will only create good; only humans can create evil.
Otherwise, this group argued, Gods punishment of humans would be unjust because he himself created their evil deeds. However, this particular view was rejected by other Muslim theologians on the grounds that it would limit the scope of God's creation, while the Quran clearly states that God is the sole creator of everything that exists in the world.
Of course, humans, if truly created by God, would have no say in whether or not they created good or evil, but I believe this point was rather lost on most debaters.
Another controversial issue that has kept the debaters busy down the centuries was the question whether the Quran was eternal or created in time.
Theologians devoted to the concept of God's oneness maintained that the Quran must have been created in time, or the Quran would otherwise be as eternal as Godand only God is truly eternal. This view was refuted by others because the Quran itself (the final word in Islam) states in many places, and in unambiguously to boot, that it is the eternal word of God. So it must be eternal.
Abu al-Hasan al-Ash'ari
These and many other theological controversies kept many a Muslim thinker busy for the first few centuries of Islam, but by the 10th century the views of Islamic theologian al-Ashari and his followers, known as Asharites, finally prevailed and were subsequently adopted by most Muslims.
al-Ashari resolved the question of free will by arguing that no human act could occur if God does not will it, and that God's knowledge encompasses all that was, is, or will bethus maintaining that it is God's will to create the power in humans to make free choices.
This, in my view, is a mental sleight-of-hand on Gods part, and not a very convincing one either; for even if He grants the power to humans to make self-determined choices, humans are nonetheless created, and God is nonetheless responsible for all that His creations do.
My view notwithstanding, according to al-Ashari God (by placing himself at arms length, so to speak) is therefore just (and justified) to hold humans accountable for their actions.
This, and other views of al-Ashari and his school gradually grew dominant in Sunni, or orthodox, Islam, and they still prevail among most Muslims.
The tendency of the Sunnis, however, has been to tolerate and accommodate minor differences of opinion and to emphasize the consensus of the community in matters of doctrine.
As is the case with any religious group, the Muslim on the street is not all that concerned with detailed theological controversies, and never has been. For ordinary Muslims the central belief of Islam is in the oneness of God and in his prophets and messengers, culminating in Muhammad. End of Muslim story.
Most Muslims believe the scriptures that God conveyed through these messengers, in particular the truth and content of the Quran; and whatever their specific religious practices, most Muslims also believe in angels, in the Day of Judgment, in heaven, in paradise, and in hell.
The Prophet Muhammad
Belief Muhammad and his message ranks second only to belief in the one God.
Muhammad was born around the year 570 CE and was orphaned at an early age. He was eventually adopted and raised by his uncle, who enjoyed religious prominence within the main Quraysh tribe of Mecca but was of modest financial means.
At age 25, Muhammad married Khadija, a well-to-do, 40-year-old woman. Fifteen years later, at age 40, during a retreat in the hills outside Mecca, Muhammad had his first mystical experience.
That was when (ostensibly) the angel Gabriel appeared to a fearful Muhammad and informed him that he, Muhammad, was God's chosen messenger. Having gained his attention, Gabriel then proceeded to communicate to Muhammad the first revelation from God.
Once Gabriel had finished, and taken off, Muhammad, terrified and shaken from this encounter, went home and told Khadija all about it. She believed all Muhammad told here and as a result became the first person to accept his message and convert to Islam.
After a string of additional revelations, Muhammad began preaching this new religion, initially to a small circle of relatives and friends, but gradually to a larger and larger audience of the general public. 
A general Meccan public that first ignored Muhammad, then ridiculed him. But as more people accepted Muhammad's call, the Meccans who did not grew more aggressive, and after failing to sway Muhammad away from his new religion they started to persecute his less prominent followers.
When this approach had little or no effect, the opposing Meccans decided to persecute Muhammad himself, which made his life not only uncomfortable but perilous.
At this time, however, the clan leaders of the two main tribes of the city of Yathrib, about 200 miles north of Mecca, invited Muhammad to live there in the role of impartial religious authority to arbitrate disputes. In return, was Muhammad to accept, these leaders pledged to accept Muhammad as a prophet and would thus support the new religion of Islam.
Medina
Justifiably fearing for his safety, Muhammad then, in the year 622, immigrated to Yathrib, and not long thereafter the name of the city was changed to Medina, meaning city of the Prophet.
This date was later designated by Muslims as the beginning of the Muslim calendar.
Only two years after Muhammad's arrival in what was now Medina, the core community of Muslims started to expand, and in Medina, in addition to preaching the religious and moral message of Islam, Muhammad also took to organizing an Islamic society (based on his revelations) and appointed himself head of state, diplomat, military leader, and chief legislator for the now the growing Muslim community.
However, hostilities would soon break out between the Muslims in Medina and the powerful Meccans (who had an ax to grind with Muhammad).
In 630, after a string of military confrontations and various diplomatic maneuvers, the Muslims in Medina prevailed and extended their authority over Mecca.
As a result, before Muhammad died in 632, the whole Arabian Peninsula was, for the first time in history, united under the banner of Islam.
Muhammads Humanity
Early Muhammad lore does contain some supernatural events such as his one-night journey from Mecca to Jerusalem and his subsequent ascent to heaven on the back of a winged horse. Despite such stories, however, the primary focus of both biographies about Muhammad, as well as Islamic doctrine in general, is on his humanity.
For like all prophets before him Muhammad was but a mortal man (though not a few Christians may beg to differ when it comes to Jesus of Nazareththe Son of god) who was commissioned by God to deliver a message to his people and to all of mankind.
Also like other prophets, Muhammad was distinguished from the man in the street by certain powers and faculties. For example, Muslims believe that God made Muhammad sinless in order to support his career as a prophet.
Muhammad is thus portrayed in the Quran as a person who does make mistakes but who does not sin against God. God, however, being God, did correct Muhammads mistakes and errors in judgment, killing two birds with one stone: fixing Muhammads mistakes while also making his life serve as an example for future Muslims to follow.
Thus, the Qurans focus on Muhammad as a regular human being serves as a reminder to all Muslims that all human beings can reasonably aspire to lead as good a life as he did.
The Quran
As with other prophets and messengers, God gave Muhammad a hand by allowing him to work a few miracles and so prove that he indeed was a genuine prophet.
The supreme miracle of Muhammad (and also the ultimate proof of the truthfulness of Islam) is the Quran itself.
In accordance with the word of this scripture, Muslims believe that the Quran is the timeless word of God, the like of which no human can produce. This inimitable property is based on belief in the divine authorship of the Quran.
For unlike earlier religions, the miracle of Islam is a literary miracle (i.e., the Quran itself), and Muhammads other miracles are all subordinate to it. 
This belief in the unique and miraculous nature of the Quran has led Muslims to devote great intellectual energies to the study of its contents and form, and in addition to interpreting the scripture and deriving doctrines and laws from it, many disciplines within Quranic studies seek to understand its linguistic and literary qualities as a further expression of its divine origins.
The Format of the Holy Book
The Quran comprises 114 chapters or suras, which appearfrom the second chapter onwardroughly in order of length, beginning with the longest and ending with the shortest chapters.
Chapter one, al-Fatihathe Openingis a short chapter which is also recited during each of the five daily prayers as well as in many other ritual prayers.
All but one chapter begin with the formula in the name of God, the Merciful Lord of Mercy (bism Allah al-Rahman al-Rahim).
Each chapter is then divided into verses called ayat (singular aya, meaning sign or proof).
With few exceptions these verses are randomly organized with no coherent narrative thread. 
Any given chapter of the Quran can address any combination of the following themes: God and creation, prophets and messengers from Adam to Jesus, Muhammad as a preacher, Muhammad as ruler, Islam as a faith and as a code of life, disbelief, human responsibility and judgment, and society and law.
Muslim scholars have since tried to explain this randomness of topics and lack of narrative coherence by arguing that this is due to the timelessness and universality of the text. In other words, or so they hold, the multiple meanings of the Quran transcend linear (human) narrative because they transcend any particular historical moment.
Above time, then.
The Quran and the Bible
Islam does recognize the divine origins of the earlier Hebrew and Christian Scriptures but represents itself as both a restoration and a continuation of their traditions.
In order to properly restore the integrity of these earlier scriptures, the Quran freely draws on biblical stories and repeats many biblical themes.
Not surprisingly then, several biblical prophets and their stories appear in the Quran, some in a condensed form; other stories, such as those of Abraham, Moses, and Jesus, are given in elaborate detail and some even with subtle revisions and restorative additions.
One of these revisionsthough not very subtleis that the son that Abraham was to sacrifice to God was not Isaac, from whom the tribes of Israel are descended, but Ishmael, from whom Arabs descend.
Another not so subtle piece of revisionist history is the Islamic story of Jesus, who according to the Quran is but a mortal, human prophet as opposed to the Christian belief that Jesus was born the son of God.
Islam also rejects the idea that God shared his divinity with any other being, e.g., Jesus Christ.
Another important idea expounded in the Quran and in later Islamic doctrine, opposing biblical accounts, is that although prophets are capable of human errors, God protects them from committing sins and also protects them from excruciating suffering or humiliating experiences; for God would never abandon his prophets in times of distress.
Therefore, in what has to be viewed by most Christians as a bit of a stretch, the Quran proposes that God interfered to save Jesus from torture and death by lifting him to heaven and replacing him on the cross with someone who looked like him. Like a stunt double.
Not so sure about that one.
The Preservation of the Quran
From its inception and during the lifetime of Muhammad, Islamic doctrine stressed preservation of the scripture. As a result, one of the earliest expressions of practiced piety focused on studying, reciting, and writing down the scripture.
Also, once Muhammad died, the preservation of the scripture soon became a conscious concern among his companions and successors.
Historical sources refer to immediate efforts undertaken by successors of Muhammad to collect and properly record (for posterity) all the chapters of the Quran.
Within two or so decades after the death of the Prophet, various extant copies of parts of the Quran were then collected and collated by a group of close companions of Muhammad known for their knowledge of the Quran.
This committees taskcommissioned by Muhammads third successor, Uthman ibn Affanwas to standardize the book, and that committees systematic efforts are the basis of the codified official text currently used by all Muslims.
The thematic randomness of verses and chapters that still characterizes the existing Quran tends to prove that those early companions who recorded this official version of the Quran were, indeed, primarily concerned with establishing a true replica of the text and made no attempt to edit its contents in order to produce a coherent narrative.
Based on this, most scholars agree that the Uthmanic text genuinely reflects, both in its content and form, the message that Muhammad preached.
Interpretations of the Quran
Despite the general consensus among Muslims on the authenticity of the Quran, they also concede that many words in the Quran can be interpreted in many equally valid ways.
The Arabic language, like other Semitic languages, consists of both consonants and vowels, and the meanings of words are derived from both.
For several centuries, however, the written texts of the Quran showed only the consonantsleaving the vowels to guesswork. Consequently, many words can be vocalized in many different ways, with (naturally) different meanings, and allowing for various, all equally legitimateby the recorded textinterpretations of the Quran.
One of the disciplines of Quran scholarship is exclusively dedicated to the survey and documentation of acceptable and unacceptable variant readings.
According to Muslim scholars, there are some 40 possible readings of the Quran, of which only 7 to 14 are legitimate. The equal legitimacy of various possible interpretations of the scripture is supported by a statement in the Quran itself that portray verses as either unambiguously clear, or as ambiguous because they carry a meaning known only to God.
Therefore, barring a small number of unquestionably clear injunctions, the meaning of the Quranic verses is rarely final. 
While the Quran is the primary source of authority, law, theology, and identity in Islam, it is in many cases either completely silent on important Islamic beliefs and practices or it gives only general or vague guidelines without elaboration or clarification. This is, in fact, true of some of the most basic religious obligations such as prayer, which the Quran stipulates without details.
To compensate, further details on the teachings and laws of the Quran are derived from the sunna, the example set by Muhammads life, and in particular from hadith, the body of sayings and practices directly attributed to him.
Hadith
As the second(ary) source of authority in Islam, hadith complements the Quran and provides the most extensive source for Islamic law.
The ultimate understanding of the Quran is rooted in Muhammads life and the ways in which he demonstrated and applied his message. There is some evidence to suggest that Muhammad's sayings and practices were in response to questions about Islam raised by his companions. Unlike the Quran, however, in the early periods hadith was only circulated orally, and no attempts were made to establish or codify it into law until the second century of Islam.
Due to this late effort  to collect and compile reports about Muhammad's sayings and practice, Muslim scholars concede that the authenticity of these reports cannot be taken for granted.
In fact, history tends to verify that many spurious reports of the views and practices of Muhammad were often intentionally put into circulation by various political and sectarian groups to support their own views and claims.
Other additions emerged from the natural tendency to confuse common practices that predated Islam with new Islamic laws and norms.
The inaccuracy and fading of memory, the dispersion of Muhammads companions over vast territories, and, finally, the passing away of the last of these companions has also contributed to the problem of authenticating Muhammads sayings and practicesa rather impossible task.
However, in an attempt to place the authority of hadith on firmerand more believableground, Muslim scholars developed several disciplines dedicated to examining and verifying the relative authenticity of various reports attributed to the Prophet.
Both the actual contents of these sayings, as well as the relative reliability of those who transmitted them, were carefully scrutinized, and, by an established scale of believability the hadiths were classified into sets of varying authenticity, ranging from the relatively sound and reliable to the outright fabricated and rejected.
This rather painstaking effort culminated in the 9th centurysome 250 years after the death of Muhammadin the compilation of several collections of what was not deemed to be sound (sahih) hadith. Of six such highly reliable compilations, two in particular are considered by Muslims to be the most important sources of Islamic authority after the Quran.
These are Sahih Muslim and Sahih Bukhari (the sound books of Muslim and Bukhari).
Islamic Law
Historically, the assessment and compilation of hadith went hand in hand with the elaboration of Islamic law and the parallel development of Islamic legal theory.
Initially, neither Islamic law nor its procedures were systematically developed or elaborated (although there is little doubt that both the Quran and hadith were regularly used to derive laws to govern the lives of Muslims).
However, by the beginning of the 9th century, the legal use of these two sources was systematized and a complex legal theory was introduced.
In its finalized form, this theory maintains that there are four sources from which Islamic law can be drawn. These are (in order of priority) the Quran, the hadith, the consensus of the community, and legal parallel.
Invoked only in the absence of explicit rulings in the Quran or hadith, consensus confers legitimacy retrospectively on historical practices of the Muslim community. In legal parallel, the causes for existing Islamic rulings are applied by analogy to similar cases for which there are no explicit statements in either the Quran or hadith.
By the use of these methods, a vast and diverse body of Islamic law was then laid out covering most aspects of personal and public life. 
In addition to laws pertaining to the five pillars, Islamic law also covers such areas as diet, purity, marriage and inheritance, commercial transaction, relationships with non-Muslims, as well as criminal law.
Jews and Christians living under Muslim rule are by the law itself subject to the laws of Islam, however, such communities have traditionally been permitted to run their internal affairs on the basis of their own religious laws and practices.
The Spread of Islam
From its inception, Muslims have seen Islam as a universal code, truths and laws that (must) apply to all of humanity (if not the universe).
Therefore, even during Muhammad's lifetime, two attempts were made to spread (by military conquest) Islam northward into the Byzantine domain and its capital in Constantinople, and within ten years after the death of the prophet, Muslims had indeed defeated the Sassanids of Persia and the Byzantines, and had conquered most of Persia, Iraq, Syria, and Egypt.
These conquests continued, and the Sassanian Empire was soon after destroyed and the influence of Byzantium was largely diminished.
For the next several centuries intellectuals and cultural figures flourished in the vast (and growing), multinational Islamic world, and Islam did indeed become the most influential civilization in the world.
Islam in the 20th Century
While most of the accepted Islamic religious and cultural traditions were established between the 7th and 10th centuriesconsidered the classical period of Islamic historyIslamic culture continued to develop as Islam spread into new regions and mixed with diverse cultures.
The 19th-century occupation of many Muslim lands by European colonial powers was a turning point in Muslim history since the traditional Islamic systems of governance, social organization, and education were undermined by the colonial regimes.
Despite the political and ethnic diversity of Muslim countries, the core set of Islamic beliefs continues to provide the basis for a shared identity and affinity among Muslims.
Still, the radically different political, economic, and cultural conditions under which todays Muslim lives make it difficult to pinpoint what constitutes standard Islamic practice in the modern world, leading many contemporary Muslims to draw on the historical legacy of Islam as they confront the challenges of modern life.

:: Hinduism ::
The word Hindu is derived from the river Sindhu, or Indus. Hindu was primarily a geographical term that referred to India or to a region of India (near the Sindhu) as long ago as the 6th century BCE.
The word Hinduism is an English word of more recent origin. Hinduism entered the English language in the early 19th century to describe the beliefs and practices of those residents of India who had not converted to Islam or Christianity and who did not practice Judaism or Zoroastrianism. 
In the case of most religions, beliefs and practices come first, and those who subscribe to these beliefs and practices are recognized as followers of that particular religion.
In the case of the Hindu, however, this relationship is reversed, and the acknowledgment of being a Hindu takes precedence, and it is the beliefs and practices of acknowledged Hindus that constitute the contents of their religion.
While the West knows them as Hindus, the Hindus themselves prefer to the Sanskrit term santana dharma to name their religious tradition.
Santana dharma is often translated into English as eternal tradition or eternal religion but the translation of dharma as tradition or religion gives an extremely limited, even mistaken, sense of the word. Dharma has many meanings in Sanskritthe sacred language of Hindu scriptureincluding moral order, law, truth, duty, and right action.
Possibly the most important element of The Hindu tradition is that it encourages Hindus to seek spiritual and moral truth wherever it might be found, while at the same time acknowledging that no one creed can contain such truth in its fullness and that each individual must realize this truth through his or her own systematic effort.
Hindu scripture, based on the insights of Hindu sages and seers down the ages, serves primarily as a guidebook, for it is out experience, our reason, and our dialogue with othersespecially with enlightened individualsthat provide the means of testing our understanding of spiritual and moral truth.
For ultimately, truth comes to us through direct consciousness of the divine or the ultimate reality. In other religions this ultimate reality is usually called God. The Hindu refers to it by many names, but the most common name is Brahman.
In most religions truth is delivered or revealed by a divine source and enters the world through a single agentAbraham in Judaism, Jesus in Christianity, and Muhammad in Islam. These truths are then taken down in scriptures that from there on serve as the main (if not only) source of knowledge and divine wisdom: the Hebrew Bible, the New Testament, and the Quran.
For the Hindu, by contrast, there is no single revelation or orthodoxy (established doctrine) by which people may achieve knowledge of the divine or lead a life backed by religious law. The Hindu tradition acknowledges that there are many paths by which people may seek and experience religious understanding and direction. Hinduism also knows (and makes known) that that every individual has the potential to achieve enlightenment.
Todays Hindu is found primarily in India and neighboring Nepal, with a scattering in Bali in the Indonesian archipelago.
There are also some Hindu communities in Sri Lanka and Bangladesh, Mauritius, Fiji, the West Indies, East Africa, and South Africa.
World-wide, Hindus today number nearly 900 million, including about 20 million who live outside India, making Hinduism the third largest religious community in the world, after Christians and Muslims.
Ever since its inception, Hindu thought has transcended geographical boundaries and influenced religious and philosophical ideas throughout the world. Persian, ancient Greek, and ancient Roman thought may well have been influenced by Hinduism.
The three other religions that originated in India are, in fact, closely related to Hinduism: Buddhism, Jainism, and Sikhism, and in the 19th century, German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer read both Hindu and Buddhist scriptures and based much of his thinking on them.
Meanwhile, in the United States, 19th-century writers such as Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau drew on Hinduism and its scriptures in developing their philosophy of transcendentalism.
More recently, Martin Luther King, Jr. studied Hindu leader Mohandas Gandhis teachings on nonviolent protest, while George Harrison embraced Hinduism during the 1960s.
Millions of Westerners today practice meditation or yoga to achieve relief from stress or physical fitness (if not enlightenmentthough there are some that do, of course), indicating a growing Western receptiveness to Hindu practices.
What Is Hinduism
The truth is that Hinduisms universal world-view and its willingness to accept and celebrate diverse philosophies, deities, symbols, and practices makes it very hard to define or classify.
In fact, a religion that emphasizes similarities and shared characteristics (Hinduism) rather than differences (Islam, Judaism, Christianity) will always have a difficult time setting itself apartunless, of course, this very quality is considered its defining feature.
Of course, there are beliefs and practices that may be identified as exclusively Hindu; still, over time the Hindu tradition has concerned itself largely with the human situation rather than the Hindu situation.
And instead of basing its religious identity on separating Hindu from non-Hindu or believer from nonbeliever, Hinduism has striven to recognize any principles and practices that would lead any individual to become a better human being and to understand and live in harmony with dharma. 
Now, there is a crucial distinction between Hindu dharma and Western sense of religion. In the West a religion is understood to be conclusivethat is, it is the one and only true religion.
Also, a religionas understood in the Westis as a rule exclusionarythat is to say, those who do not follow it place themselves beyond salvation.
Finally, a religion is separativethat is, to belong to it, one must not belong to another.
Dharma, on the other hand, does not imply (nor abide by) any of these points.
The Dharmic Tradition
Dharma (Sanskritor Dhamma in Pali) is an all-important Hindu concept. In addition to tradition and moral order, dharma also signifies the path of knowledge and correct action (as well as law and truth).
So, due to Hinduisms emphasis on living in accordance with dharma, anyone who is striving for spiritual knowledge and seeking the right course of ethical action isin the broadest sensea follower of santana dharma.
Now, Buddhism, Jainism, and Sikhism share the concept of dharma with Hinduism (along with other key concepts), and it could be said that all four religions belong to the dharmic tradition.
So, at one level Hinduism can indeed refer to the beliefs or practices of any of the dharmic traditions, and the word Hinduism retains this sense in some places of the Indian Constitution of 1950. When it comes to religious studies, however, Hinduism is used in a narrower sense to distinguish it from the other dharmic religions of Indian origin.
How do we, then, identify a Hindu?
A Hindu is someone who does not subscribe to a religion of non-Indian origin, and someone who does not claim to belong exclusively to another religion of Indian originBuddhism, Jainism, or Sikhism.
It must, however, be said that this attempt at a Hindu definition produces a rather artificial distinction between Hinduism and other dharmic traditions, stemming from the effort to place limits on a system that sees itself as universal in order to create a strictly religious identity.
In fact, labeling the other dharmic traditions as non-Hindu is based more on politics than on philosophy. Indeed, there are greater differences of belief and practices within the wide scope of Hinduism than between Hinduism and other dharmic systems.
Indian historian Irfan Habib stresses this point when he quotes an early Persian source stating that Hindus are those who have been debating with each otheron common groundfor centuries; for if they recognize one another as somebody they can either agree with or oppose intelligibly, then, Habibs view is that both must be Hindus.
As an example, despite the fact that Jains reject many Hindu beliefs, Jains and Hindus can still debate and thus Jains are also Hindus; for such discourse does not (and cannot) take place between Hindus and Muslims because they do not share any common ground.
Santana Dharma
Evidence from unearthed inscriptions indicates that Hindus were using the word dharma to name their religion as early as the 7th century BCE.
Once other religions of Indian origin began using this term, too, Hindus then adopted the expression santana dharma to distinguish their dharma from others. The word santana (meaning immemorial as well as eternal) emphasized the unbroken continuity of the Hindu tradition in contrast to the other dharmas; for the Buddhist, Jaina, and Sikh dharmas possess distinct starting points, whereas Hinduism has no historical founder.
One could date the beginning of true Hinduism as the 4th century BCE when the growth and separation of Buddhism and Jainism provided it with a distinctive sense of identity as santana dharma. However, some scholars prefer to date its beginnings to about 1500 BCE, the estimated origin of its earliest sacred textsalthough recent evidence suggests these texts may be even older.
In fact, certain beliefs and practices clearly identifiable as Hindusuch as the worship of sacred trees and the mother goddessgo back to the Harappan culture, which flourished around 3000 BCE.
Some Hindu practices are even older. The deeply held religious meaning of the new and full moon, for one, today can be traced to the distant proto-Australoid period, before 3000 BCE; so it is on good grounds that Hinduism perceives itself as a cumulative tradition, originating among the mists of antiquity and continuing to this day without a break.
A Comprehensive and Universal Tradition
So far as religious beliefs and practices go, the Hindu tradition aims at universality. For one, wishes to make the riches of Hinduism available to not only the Hindu but to any genuine seeker of truth and knowledge. For two, it does not limit Hindus to their tradition; rather it encourages them to explore all avenues that would lead to a realization of the divine, and it provides a system with many paths for such realization.
Thirdly, in the manner of science, Hinduism is constantly experimenting with and assimilating new ideas; and also like science, it is far less concerned with the origin or history of ideas than with whether they, as truths, do or do not work as demonstrated through direct experience.
Hinduisms openness to new ideas, teachers, and practices, along with its desire for universality rather than exclusivity, set it (miles) apart from those religions that define their followers by their (often unquestioned) belief in particular historical events, people, or revelations.
Two events in the life of Mohandas Gandhi illustrate this aspect of the Hindu tradition. First, Gandhi named his autobiography The Story of My Experiments with Truth, clearly communicating the Hindu willingness to experiment continually as a means of discovering truth and to record the results of such experiments. Gandhi was seeking spiritual truth, but he approached it in the spirit of science.
Secondly, when once asked, What is your religion? Gandhi answered, My religion is Hinduism, which for me is the Religion of humanity and includes the best of all religions known to me.
It is actually a historical fact that, every now and then, saintly figures such as Gandhi rise to renew Hinduism to keep it abreast of the times.
Because Hinduism has no central orthodoxy, and really no need for one, renewal of its tradition has come from those who base their message on personal and direct experience of the divine.
Hindu Teachings: What do Hindus Believe?
Within the borders of Hinduism we find various schools of thought that Hindu scholars have then systematized in different ways.
These schools have all enriched Hinduism with their individual emphases: Nyya on rigorous logic, Vaiseshika on atoms and the structure of matter, Snkhya on numbers and categories, Yoga on meditation techniques, Mmms on the analysis of sacred texts, and Vednta on the nature and experience of spirituality.
These teachings are normally summarized in texts called stras or aphorisms, most of which can be memorized easily and recited as a means of gaining spiritual focus.
Brahman: The Ultimate Reality
Throughout history, the school known as Vednta has constituted the standard form of intellectual Hinduism. According to Vednta, the highest aim of existence is the realization of the identity or union of the individuals innermost self (tman) with the ultimate reality (Brahman).
Although Vednta states that this ultimate reality is beyond name (as well as beyond time and reason), the word Brahman is used to refer to it.
Whether this ultimate reality is itself without distinguishing attributes has been a subject of extensive debate among Hindu scholars. For to be ultimate Brahman must (virtually by definition) transcend all limiting attributes, such as name, gender, form, and features, as well as time and reason.
But how can the human mind, with its time and reason limitations, conceive of this transcendent reality, when human comprehension, by design, requires a personal reality, with attributes? 
A quotation attributed to 8th-century Hindu scholar Shankara illustrates the subtlety of this question, and these concepts: Ishvara (another name for Brahman), forgive these three sins of mine: that although you are everywhere I have gone on a pilgrimage, although you are beyond the mind I have tried to think of you; and although you are ineffable I offer this hymn in praise of you.
Brahm, Vishnu, and Shiva: Aspects of Brahman
Saguna Brahmanthat is, Brahman when conceived as having or displaying qualitiesgenerally takes the form of one of three main Hindu deities: Brahm, Vishnu, or Shiva.
These personified forms of Brahman correspond to the three stages of the cycle of the universe. Brahm is the creative spirit from which the universe arises. Vishnu is the orderly force that sustains the universe. Shiva is the destructive force that brings a cycle to an end, leaving in its wake pure consciousness from which the universe is then reborn.
Other forms of Ishvara worshiped by the Hindu are Shakti, the female aspect of divinity, and Ganesha, the elephant-headed deity associated with the removal of obstacles.
Brahman may also take birth in a more knowable form, or avatar, to uphold dharma and restore balance to the world.
Krishna, a well-known avatar of Vishnu, appears at times to save the world. Rma, another well-known avatar of Vishnu, is the subject of the Hindu epic Rmyana (Way of Rma).
In fact, Vishnu has ten major avatars, which are described in Hindu texts called the Purnas: fish (matsya), tortoise (krma), boar (varha), man lion (narasimha), dwarf (vmana), axe-wielding human (Parashurma), ideal person (Rma of the Rmyana), all-attractive perfect person (Krishna), the enlightened (Buddha), and a future incarnation (Kalk).
Most Hindus choose a personal deity, a saguna form of Brahman with whom they can feel a direct personal connection. Devotion to this deity then takes a number of forms, including prayer, ceremonial worship, chanting of the deitys name, and pilgrimage to sites sacred to the deity.
Brahmnda: The Universe
The relationship of the material universe, which Hinduism terms brahmnda, to the ultimate reality beyond the material poses a profound philosophical problem: While Brahman represents a permanent (timeless and unchanging) reality, the universe is in constant flux.
This flux is considered eternal, eternal change. The Brahman, on the other hand, is eternal in a sense beyond change. According to Vednta, Brahman alone is real. What reality the universe possesses springs from Brahman, just as the light of the Moon really springs from the Sun.
Hence, all of creation arises from Brahman; Brahman is both the efficient cause of the universethat is, its creatoras well as the material foundation of the universethat is, the substance of which the universe is created. This is why the Hindu considers all of creation divine and deserving of our veneration.
tman: The Innermost Self
As individuals we are also a part of this changing universe.
Our bodies are undergoing constant changeit is a scientific fact that every seven years every single cell in our body has died and been replaced by new, different, cells through the constant cycle of cellular death and regenerationas are our minds, the mental flux of thoughts and feelings.
The Vednta, however, holds that our self consists of more than mind and body, for at our core lies the unchanging, eternal tman, our innermost, transcendental and spiritual self, as different from our material self: our body, thoughts, and feelings, which are all part of the material universe.
The tman is our true self.
But we so easily lose sight of this because of our passionate and ongoing entanglement with our material self and its search for happiness in this universe. The Vednta, however, tells us that the universe can never provide perfect and permanent happiness since it, like our material self, is in a state of constant flux.
True happiness can only be attained through full awareness of tman and the discovery of its true relationship (one-ness) with Brahman. 
Through awareness of tman and its one-ness with Brahman, we attain not only happiness, but also moksha, or liberation.
Liberation from what? One a mundane level, this liberation is from unhappiness, but the Vednta goes deeper: Moksha is liberation from the chain of lives.
Samsra: The Chain of Lives
We commonly view ourselves as coming into being when we are born of our parents and as perishing when we die. According to Hinduism, however, this current life is merely one in a long chain of lives that extends far into the past and projects far into the future.
According to Vednta (and the Buddha), the origin of this chain of lives cannot be determined; but the process of our involvement in the universethe seemingly beginningless and endless chain of births and deathshas been given a name, and that name is samsra. 
The Hindu scriptures tell us that samsra is caused by ignorance.
By ignorance of our true selves and by our ensuing desire for happiness and fulfillment outside ourselves; and so we continue to embody ourselves, we continue to be reborn in this infinite and eternal universe because of our unfulfilled desires.
Samsra affords us endless opportunities to resume this external pursuit of happiness, untilenlightenedwe can leave this squirrel cage.
Karma: Action and Its Consequences
The law that governs samsra is karma. The destination and quality of each birth and death we suffer is determined by the balance sheet of our karmathat is, in accordance with our past volitional actions thoughts, words, and actions.
Karma is a pivotal Hindu concept. According to this doctrine, our present condition in life is a direct consequence of the actionsactually, volitional thoughts, words and actionstaken in our previous lives. The choices (again, volitional) we have made in the past directly affect our condition in the present, and the choices we make today all have consequences for our future lives in samsra.
According to Hindu teachings, a true understanding of the cause and effect of this interrelation can lead an individual toward right choices, deeds, thoughts, and desires, without the need for an external set of enforceable commandments.
In other words, the principle of karma provides the framework for Hindu ethics. The word karma is sometimes translated into English as destiny, but karma does not imply the absence of free will or freedom of action that destiny does. A better English translation for karma might indeed be volitional action. Thus, by the doctrine of karma, the freedom and ability to make choices remains with the individual.
The law of karma is no less real than the law of gravity. But just as the law of gravity does not rob us of our freedom to move about, the doctrine of karma does not leave us unfree to act. Rather, karma describes the moral law under which we function, just as the law of gravity is the physical law governing our physical being here on Earth.
When we, volitionally, cause pain or injury, we add to the karmic debt we carry into our future lives. When we, again volitionally, practice generosity and share with and help others in a genuine way, we lighten our karmic load.
In the Bhagavad-Gt, an important Hindu text, Krishna states that the best way to free yourself of all karmic debt is by selfless action, or by dedicating every thought, word and act as an offering to Krishna himself.
Purushrthas: Goals of Human Life
Hindu teachings take a comprehensive view of the human condition and group the things we seek in this world and beyond into four broad divisions: kma, artha, dharma, and moksha.
Kma includes the pleasure of the senses, both aesthetic (refined artistic) pleasures and sensual and sexual pleasure.
Artha encompasses the pursuit of material well-being, wealth, and power.
Dharma comprises our striving for righteousness and virtue.
Moksha groups our desire for liberation from the chain of lives.
As you can see, the first three of these goals pertain to the world we know, while moksha aims for freedom from the world and from our desires for kma, artha, and dharma.
Attaining moksha (liberation) is an extraordinary goal, which, today, very few people specifically seek. Those who do, however, will find the prior pursuit of dharma to be a boon.
Dharma, in the sense of our volitional duty or desire to do right, occupies a pivotal role in regulating artha and kma and promoting moksha. On account of this role, the goals of human life are often viewed in the order of: dharma, artha, kma and moksha.
While Hinduism does not look down upon kma or artha, the ultimate aim of human life is held to be moksha, liberation from sorrow and desire and realization of the union with the Ultimate Reality.
Because we may not always enter the world in human form, Hindus consider that birth as a human being is a unique and valuable opportunity for seeking mokshasomething most, if not all, lower forms of life remain ignorant ofan opportunity that should not be wasted.
Those who decide to pursue moksha may find that the system of Vednta and the yogas provide a good road map for their journey.
Jva: The Individual
According to one Hindu system, a human being consists of not one but three bodies.
There is the gross physical body, the one the Westerner normally views as the self; there is the subtle body of thought and feelings; and there is an even more subtle bodyknown as the causal bodywhere our primal ignorance of our true nature is located, along with the knowledge of that ignorance.
The physical body disintegrates after our death, but both the subtle and causal bodies travel from one life to the next.
Another Hindu system envisions the human being as consisting of five layers or sheaths, called koshas, all covering the true self or tman.
From the outside in, these layers are constituted by the physical body (annamaya), energy (prnamaya), mind (manomaya), consciousness (vijnamaya), and bliss (nandamaya).
Compulsive identification with one or more of these koshas (though what identification is not compulsive?), such as conceiving I am my physical body, limits us and prevents knowledge of our true nature. 
Other Hindu concepts of personality employ yet other schemes.
One popular concept visualizes a persons dormant energy as residing at the bottom of the spine like a coiled serpent (kundalin). Upon awakening, this energy rises for the head and then it arrives (after piercing nodal points, called chakras, along the spine, one reaches liberation.
Hinduism, being as all-embracing as it isoffers both spiritual and physical exercises to help us awaken to for liberating all aspects of the personality.
Yogas: Paths to Brahman
Now, if we were one of those who wanted to rise toward Brahman, how would we go about it?
Hindu thought takes the personality of such a seeker as the starting point, dividing human personalities into natures dominated by physicality, activity, emotionality, or intellectuality. The composition of our personality intuitively predisposes us to a particular type of yogathat is, a path we might follow to achieve samadhi, union with Brahman.
Although many peopleespecially here in the Westassociate the word yoga with a physical exercises and discipline, in its original Hindu meaning yoga refers to any technique that leads the seeker toward and unites him or her with the ultimate reality. 
The physical fitness buff may seek such a union by practicing hatha yoga, a yoga system of physical exercises and breathing control. However, people with different personality traits have other choices. For the action-oriented person there is karma yoga, the yoga of action, which urges a life of selfless deeds and actions.
The person of feeling may choose bhakti yoga, the yoga of devotion, which calls for unconditional love for a personal divinity.
The person of thought may pursue jna yoga, the yoga of knowledge, which calls for spiritual and physical discipline intended to bring direct insight into ultimate reality.
Keep in mind, though, that these different yogas do not represent tightly sealed compartments, merely convenient classifications. A well-balanced personality might well make use of all four.
These various yoga systems are sometimes referred to as mrgas (paths), suggesting (rightly) that the same destination can be approached by more than one route, and indeed by more than one mode of travel.
Varna: Social Organization
While the individual lives in a sacred relationship with Brahman, he or she also stands in a relationship to the society in which he or she lives.
There are two Hindu conceptsvarna and shramathat address this social dimension of human existence.
Every Hindu society distinguishes among occupations by power, wealth, education, or other factors, and has long recognized four major occupational groupings.
The first group consists of priests, teachers, scholars, and others who represent knowledge and spirituality. People in this group are called brhmanas, or brahmans.
The second group, called ksatriyas, is represented by kings, warriors, government bureaucrats, and others who represent, and wield, power.
The third group, called vaishyas, is represented by farmers, traders, merchants, and other skilled workers; no unlike the Western middle class.
The fourth group, called shdras, is comprised of unskilled workers.
A faction of society sometimes known as untouchables has at times constituted a subcategory within the shdra class, and is sometimes referred to as a fifth group.
Four Limbs
Hindu thinkers visualized these societal groups as comprising the four limbs of society conceived as a body. It is a hierarchical system, with brahmans seen as the highest category and shdras as the lowest, known as varna.
Over time, especially during the long period of Islamic rule, these classes hardened into what then became known asand is still known asthe caste system.
shrama: Stages of Life
Just as the varna system provides an organizing principle of Hindu society, the shrama system provides an organizing principle of an individuals life.
According to the shrama system, human life is divided into four stages, each succeeding the other, providing a road map for the journey through these stages with a clear sense of purpose for each stage, including old age.
Its worthy of note that Hindus consider the last stage of life highly meaningful, if not the most meaningful.
Also, shrama addresses the four goals that constitute a fulfilling life (discussed above): dharma, artha, kma, and moksha. 
The first shrama stage is the life of a celibate student, a time when an individual acquires the values of dharmathat is, preparation and training for leading a proper life.
This stage is followed by that of the householder, the time to seek artha and kma by marrying, working, and raising a family as an active member of society. During this second stage, Hindu householders are expected to carry out their responsibilities in accordance with dharma and to free themselves of debts owed to the gods, the sages, and their ancestors.
At around 50, once these years of enjoyment and responsibility are over, the third stage of life begins. The children are now grown, and the individual gradually begins to give up acquisitions and worldly ties and to instead take up spiritual contemplation in preparation for the next stage.
The fourth and final stage involves renunciation of the world to seek liberation in sublime isolation.
Renunciation
Renunciation allows the individual to free himself or herself from external responsibilities and, instead, to concentrate on an inner search. The life of the true sannysi (renunciant) focuses on achieving realization of the true and innermost self, the tman, in union with the divine.
Hence, the shrama system also recognizes a clear division between active participation in life and ascetic withdrawal from life. Although this division has applied to all Hindus, regardless of gender or caste, men of the three higher varnas (brahmans, ksatriyas, and vaishyas) have been more likely to enact it through the shrama systemprimarily, of course, because they are in a societal (and financial) situation to do so.
On the other hand, some Hindus choose to devote their entire lives to the quest for moksha, and become renunciants at an early age, free from the obligations of varna and shrama.
These individuals are known as sannysis. A sannysi who joins a monastic order becomes a swami. 
In addition to the duties associated with each stage of life, Hinduism also emphasizes duties belonging to all human beings, especially cultivation of truth and nonviolence. Many Hindus, for example, choose not to eat meat because of their cultivation of nonviolence.
Hindu Rituals: What Do Hindus Do?
The Hindu tradition considers all things created worthy of worship, which means that religious activity in Hinduism takes many forms.
Worship and rituals may be performed by the individual, by the family, by the village, by the community or region; at home or in a temple; and frequently or infrequently. In fact, The prevalence and persistence of Hindu ritual may well provide a unifying factor in a tradition as flexible in doctrine as Hinduism. One could even say that ritual is the glue that holds Hindus and Hinduism together.
Many rites and observances practiced (whether daily or at lesser intervals) have come down from ancient times. Others sprung from the lives and teachings of Hindu saints and sages. While details of rituals may differ from region to region, their meaning and principal practices have remained consistent since their inception.
Guru: Teacher
Spiritual authority in Hinduism flows from enlightened sages called gurus. The guru is someone who, personally, has attained realization and acts as a guide for other human beings.
He or she guides the individual seeker of truth and self-realization to the appropriate deity, practice, or yoga within Hinduism.
Though the disciples goal is to transcend the need for a guru through direct experience of the divine and self-awareness, having such a guide is considered critical for traversing the complexities of spiritual practice and self-discovery.
In other words, the guru thus constitutes an important center of spiritual activity in Hinduism.
Sacred Literature
Although Hindu tradition (correctly, in my view) holds that the ultimate reality lies beyond all scriptures, it is equally convinced that the scriptures help people orient their minds and lives towards Brahman.
This attitude has given rise to a body of sacred literature so vast that by one calculation it would take 70 lifetimes of devoted study to read all of it.
The Vedas
At least on paper, the four Vedas constitute the most important body of sacred Hindu literature.
While other sacred literature, especially the Hindu epics, may be more popular with readers, the Vedas, written in the ancient Sanskrit language, are the oldest and most respected scriptures.
These four Vedas are separately titled the Rig-Veda, Yajur-Veda, Sma-Veda, and Atharva-Veda, but collectively referred to as the Veda.
Each of the Vedas can be further divided into four types of texts, roughly chronological in order: mantra or samhit, brhmana, ranyaka, and upanishad.
The mantra or samhit portion mostly consists of hymns addressed to the various deities.
The brhmana texts gather the authoritative utterances of brahmans (sages and gurus with personal knowledge of Brahman, the ultimate reality) and describe the ritualschiefly sacrificial offeringsin which the hymns are employed.
The ranyakas, or forest texts, were presumably composed by sages who sought seclusion in the forests.
The Upanishads, the last section, are philosophical (or mystic) texts expounding upon spiritual content of the Vedas.
Some scholars have suggested that these four categories of texts represent four different stages in the spiritual evolution of the Aryans, the peoples of the Vedas.
During the earliest stage of their religious life, the Aryans may have recited simple hymns of praise for the divinities they felt dwelt around them.
The next stage saw ritual evolve from the early worship and became increasingly elaborateso elaborate, in fact, that only the priesthood could not perform them.
The next stage saw sages then retired to the forests to reflect on the meaning of sacrifice and the person who makes the sacrifice.
This reflection, in turn, spawned philosophical the speculation found in the Upanishads.
Correctly or not, Hindus view the four types of texts as dating from the same general period but serving different purposes. This view holds that the first three texts deal with the realm of action (dharma, artha, and kma), while the Upanishads deal with knowledge of the self and moksha.
The Upanishads are sometimes also called Vednta (meaning end of the Vedas) because they represent the spiritual essence of the prior writings. As such, the Vednta marks the culmination as well as the conclusion of the Vedas, although the Vedic canon was never formally closed.
Shruti and Smriti: Eternal Truth versus Tradition
Hindu scriptures are normally classified into two types: shruti and smriti.
Shruti, meaning heard, can be seen as revelation or eternal truth, while smriti, meaning remembered, is comparable to tradition.
By differentiating that which is eternally true from that which may only hold true for a specific time and culture, shruti and smriti enable Hindus to reform outdated practices while remaining faithful to Hinduisms essence.
Should a conflict arise between them, shruti always takes precedence over smritiin essence, the Vedas.
The Vedas are, for the Hindu, what the Bible is to the Christian and the Quran to the Muslim. However, unlike the revealed texts of Christianity and Islam, whose source is considered to be God speaking through the son or the prophet, the Vedas have no author, for according to Vednta, shruti is revelation without a revealer.
In fact, the Hindu teachings hold that the universe is without beginning or end, and that the Vedas appear along with creation at the beginning of each cycle of time, and Brahm, who presides over the remanifestation of the universe, recites the Vedas for sages to hear anew. These divinely heard scriptures are then transmitted orally from master to disciple. 
This is why the Vedas are also called shruti: they are twice heard. First, divinely by the sages at the beginning of a cycle, and then again by the disciple as the master orally transmits the teaching.
The word smriti, on the other hand, is applied to a vast category of literature in Hinduism that, unlike shruti, is considered to have an author.
One category of smriti is comprised of more than 20 law books that lay down in detail the rules to follow in life, especially the rules that pertain to social order and the four stages of life.
Another category of smriti includes the texts called Purnas, which deal with the lives of the gods and celestial beings. There are 18 Purnas, and they are normally grouped according to which of the three gods of the Hindu trinity they emphasizeBrahm, Vishnu, or Shiva.
The most famous of these is the Bhgavata Purna, which deals with the life of Krishnaan avatar of Vishnu.
The Epics
A third category of smriti is comprised of two texts of legendary history: the Rmyana and the Mahbhrata.
Scholars believe the Rmyana assumed its present form between 300 BCE and 200 CE, while the Mahbhrata evolved over a period extending from about 400 BCE to about 400 CE.
Rmyana
The Rmyana is a collection of about 24,000 verses and describes the life of Prince Rma, an incarnation of Vishnu.
According to tradition, Vlmki, the author, made his living by robbing travelers. Then, after an encounter with the sage Narada, Vlmki turned his life around and became a poet and scholar.
Rma and his wife St embody virtue and righteousness, and their lives (as recounted in verse by Vlmki) demonstrate dharma in various spheres of activity. Their life stories contain lessons for Hindus on ideal behavior in various roles, such as son, brother, wife, king, and married couple.
Rmas reign ushers in a golden age, and the expression Rma-rajya (rule of Rma) describes the best of times in which the divine presence rules on Earth.
Mahbhrata
The Mahbhrata is an epic story of some 100,000 verses attributed to a sage named Vysa. It is believed to be the longest poem in the world.
Its narrative traces the descendants of two sets of cousins, the Kauravas and the Pndavas, whose disputes eventually lead to the Mahbhrata war. Krishna, an avatar of Vishnu, is central to the story. Like the Rmyana, the Mahbhrata addresses many questions related to dharma, and about how both individuals and societies should actdiscourses that have provided inspiration for Hindus in many areas of life.
Bhagavad-Gt
A central part of the Mahbhrata, the Bhagavad-Gt is a text in its own right Hinduism. On the eve of the Mahbhrata war, the hero Arjuna suddenly develops a reluctance to fight. Arjunas disinclination leads to a prolonged dialogue with Krishna during which Krishna tries to resolve Arjunas moral and metaphysical dilemmas.
The way in which Krishna seeks to guide Arjuna has endeared the text to the Hindus as a guide to their faith.
In the Bhagavad-Gt, Hinduism possesses what is virtually a universal scripture. Since the Gupta period (320 to 550 BCE) it has inspired a stream of commentaries, summaries, and translations, all of which attest to its wide popularity; a process that shows no signs of letting up.
It is widely considered that both the Mahbhrata and its offspring, the Bhagavad-Gt, both carry meaning on multiple levels. In one interpretation, the Pndavas and Kauravas represent the forces of good and evil that exist within each person, and the contest between them represents the perpetual battle between these tendencies.
The Bhagavad-Gt then centers on the techniques and paths by which the individual can attain realization of the Ultimate Reality with Krishna as the guide.
As part of the Mahbhrata, the Bhagavad-Gt technically falls in the category of smriti rather than shruti. However, it virtual enjoys the status of shruti by representing the words of the divinity, incarnated as Krishna and addressed to human beings through Arjuna.
History of Hinduism
Since there are no specific historical events (aside from the creation of the Universe) that spawned Hinduism, it does not attach the same religious significance to history as do Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
Some scholars have linked Hinduisms indifference to its own history to a scientists indifference to the history of science. I believe this is a misguided view; what is of value in both cases are not historical events, clearly dated, but idea(s) or practice(s) as such.
Rather, the history of Hinduism is a history of its aim to incorporate and assimilate the various developments it has encountered or generated, rather than a history of conquests or triumphs over non-believers.
The contrast is apparent between the Biblical injunction to believe in one God who is the only God (and will tolerate no other Gods beside him) and the Vedic perception that Truth is one, sages call it variously.
That being said, considerable controversy remains over Hinduisms historical origins. At one point most scholars believed that it was the arrival of the Aryan people in India about 1500 BCE that spawned the religion.
And it certainly seems that the Aryans did in fact arrive around that time, and that, once settled, replaced the earlier Harappan culture in the Indus valley with its own. And they are, most likely the people described in the Vedas.
However, although linguistic evidence tends to support the notion of an Aryan migration, most scholars now believe this view awaits confirmation by archaeology, especially since it has now been challenged by the discovery of extensive sites in northwestern and western Indiasuggesting an advanced existing civilization that could, on its own, have spawned the Vedas.
Did Hinduism as described in the Vedas originate in India or did it arise as a result of migrations from outside? To date there still is no clear-cut answer. What is clear, however, is that the Vedas, and the religion based on them, go back to at least 1200 BCE in India and perhaps much earlier.
Vedic Hinduism
The beginnings of Vedic Hinduismwhich in any event dates no later than 1200 BCEtrace back to the Rig-Veda, which contains hymns of praise to various deities called devas.
Agni (deva of fire) and Indra (king of devas and deva of the atmosphere, storms, rain, and battle) were the prominent ones, judging by the number of hymns addressed to them.
Agni was the deity of the domestic hearth as well as of public ritual. The Rig-Veda calls the deity smoke-bannered as it carries the offering made into it toward the gods.
Indra was a martial leader in the Rig-Veda who carried his followers to victory in battle and also battled drought as a rain-god.
A significant part of the Rig-Veda is devoted to soma, a plant whose juice produced ecstatic experiences and was therefore considered sacred.
It is also clear, already in the Rig-Veda, that all devas were but facets of one underlying reality. 
By the 4th century BCE Vedic Hinduism had permeated virtually all of India and had, in the process, also assimilated and absorbed various local religious beliefs and practices.
The resulting, assimilated mixture is what we refer to as Vedic Hinduism.
Classical Hinduism
Classical Hinduism is deemed to last from the 3rd century BCE to the late 7th century CE. Even as Vedic Hinduism did flourish throughout most of India, there were aspects of its world-view that had come under challenge by the 6th century BCEboth from Upanishadic thinkers and from the rise of new sects including the Jains and the Buddhists.
The Upanishadic thinkers thought of themselves as descendants of the Vedic seers, whereas the followers of Buddhism and Jainismwhile they retained many concepts from the Vedastended to question Vedic authority.
All factions shared one pivotal concern: the release from eternal rebirth, and they generally agreed that this release was obtained not by ritual and sacrifice but by meditation and contemplation.
Both Buddhism and Jainism gradually gained strength in India during the centuries just before and just after the beginning of the first millennium.
During the 3rd BCE, Buddhism also benefited from the patronage granted by King Ashoka, who ruled almost all of India.
Jainism also benefited from royal patrons.
However, by the start of the Gupta periodwhich lasted from about 320 to 550 CEHinduism, by now having integrated a variety of Buddhist and Jain beliefs and practices, saw a resurgence.
Some of the integrated beliefs and practices included the doctrine of ahims (nonviolence) and an emphasis on vegetarianism. In fact, the Gupta period is still celebrated as a glorious epoch of classical Hindu culture.
During this classical Gupta period, Hindu thought and its systematization flourished. By then, or during this period, many shstras (classical works) of Hindu philosophy had been or were compiled.
Shstras like the Arthashstra (principles of statecraft), Nayashstra (aesthetics of performing arts), grammars by Pnini and the Yoga Sutras by Patajali, all saw the light of day (or final form) during this period.
In addition, the major epicsthe Rmyana and Mahbhrataalso reached their present for then.
Medieval Hinduism
In the 7th century, as a vigorous and multifaceted Hinduism unfolded in India, a new (rather warlike) religion made its appearance in Arabia: Islam.
Within a century, Islams conquests and dominions extended from Spain to Sind (now part of Pakistan), and by the 11th century the soldiers of Islam had consolidated their hold on northwestern India.
In fact, by 1200 Islamic rule was established in the city of Delhi in northern India, and from there, in two waves, it spread over nearly the whole of the subcontinent.
The first wave of expansion occurred under the Delhi Sultanate, which ruled from 1206 to 1526. The second wave, under the Mughal Empire, which lasted from 1526 to 1858, saw Islamic rule achieved its Indian peak.
In other words, the (often violent) encounter between Hinduism and Islam lasted more than 800 years. During most of this time, Islam had the upper hand politically, a fact that had enormous consequences for Hinduism and that presented challenges for both Hinduism and Islam which continue to this day.
As a rule (and by Islam policy), Islams military victories in all areas but for India were always followed by the enforced conversion of the masses to Islamwith the possible exceptions of Spain and the Balkans.
In India, however, by 1900 Islam had only succeeded in converting a quarter of the population, if that. Although Hinduism had successfully incorporated all previous invaders and political conquerors within the Hindu religious systemfrom the Persians in 6th century BCE to the Huns in the 6th century CEits powers of assimilation failed in the face of Islamthe closed Islam doctrine and practice simply being too diametrically opposed to the openness of Hinduism to afford any measure of blending.
One Hindu response to the ever-increasing presence of Islam was political, including the rise of the Hindu Vijayanagar kingdom, which held power all through southern India from about 1336 to 1565, and the Hindu Marth state that sore in western India during the 17th and 18th centuries.
The rise of Sikhism and the Sikh Empire (1767-1846) in the Punjab should also be viewed as part of this response. Willing to use violence in self-defense, Sikhs took a militant stance toward the conquerors, and fought backsomething that the non-violent Hindu had been loath to do. 
Overall, the Islamic presence (and attempted forced conversions) evoked a paradoxical Hindu religious response that blended hostile rejection and active emulation. Mainstream Hinduism, by necessity, withdrew into a defensive position where it took cover under a layer of increased orthodoxy, at least judging by the number of Hindu religious codes produced during this period.
During the same period, at the theological level, Hinduism saw the rise and flowering of the bhakti (devotion) movement.
Bhakti
This movement of ecstatic devotion to Vishnu or Shiva had gained a firm hold in the south of India by the 9th century, and managed to sweep over the rest of the country by the 17th century.
Devotion to the divine (bhakti), rather than knowledge of the divine (jana), grew to become the dominant form of Hinduism, more than likely as a response to these historical circumstances.
Bhakti poetry expresses love for the divine, often in the forms of Krishna and Rma.
Modern Hinduism
Following the decline of the Mughal Empire during the late 17th century, the British gradually succeeded in establishing themselves as the paramount power in India.
British victory over the Sikhs in 1846 sealed the effort. By this time the British had made two decisions of far-reaching importance for the future of Hinduism: In 1813 it was decided that Christian missionaries could operate within the British dominions; and in 1835 it was decided to introduce English as the language of public instruction.
These two decisions forced Hinduism to confront Christianity and Western modernity head-on; while at the same time, the Western world was, for the first time, exposed to Hindu scriptures translated into European languages.
Movements for Reform
One response to this enforced encounter with Europe was reform.
In the early 19th century, the Bengali scholar Ram Mohan Royby campaigning against medieval or regional Hindu practices that were objectionable in the modern worldset the tone for this reform.
For one, he advocated allowing widows to remarry and he campaigned for the abolition of the relatively rare practice of satia wifes self-immolation after her husbands death.
While Roy aimed at reconciliation with the West, another movement kept India from moving too far toward imitation.
This movement was named after Ramakrishna, a Hindu spiritual leader who served as a priest at the Dakshineshwar Temple in the city of Kolkata (Calcutta). His reputation as a mystic drew many to him, including Swami Viveknanda, who founded the Ramakrishna movement after Ramakrishnas death in 1886.
Viveknanda
Viveknanda, who was a representative Hindu product of Indias new English-language education system, became a Ramakrishna devotee and renounced the world after the priests death. His message was a return to the timeless wisdom of the Vedas.
To the worlds surprise he, an unknown swami, turned up uninvited at the Parliament of World Religions in Chicago in 1893 to present Ramakrishnas teachings.
For this he won instant celebrity and was hailed as a hero back in India for his vigorous advocacy of Hinduism. In 1895, he went on to found the Vednta Society in New York City to promote Hindu philosophy.
Using mostly English in his work, Viveknanda stressed the inclusive aspects of Hindu spirituality over ritual and rules, and thereby sparked Hindu interest in the West and a revival in his native India.
Indias Struggle for Independence
The 20th century then saw the rise of Indian nationalism, which contributed further to Hindu self-awakening.
Thus, in the works of Indian philosopher and statesman Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, the Hindu tradition found intellectual expression; and in the work of Indian poet and philosopher Rabindranath Tagore, Hinduism found humanist expression.
And in the life of Indian leader Mahatma Gandhi, Hinduism found political and social expression.
Another important figure in the development of what came to be seen as Hindu nationalism was Sri Aurobindo Ghose. Initially, Ghose promoted revolutionary activism, but he later withdrew to an ashram, practiced yoga, and chose to influence his followers through his writings instead of violence.
Gandhi
Gandhis creative use of nonviolence and civil disobedience on a massive scale (involving virtually all of the country) under the name of satyagraha elevated traditional Hindu values to relevance in Indias political struggle against British rule.
By linking the elevation of the untouchables with the struggle, Gandhi added social justice to his campaign; and by raising social awareness within the Hindu tradition and by lifting that tradition to a new level of political awareness, Gandhi provided modern Hinduism with its defining features; features that took firm root in a century of reformist effort and half a century of political struggle against the British.
Although Gandhis movement succeeded in securing independence for India in 1947, it could not prevent the partition of the Indian subcontinent on a religious basis; a partition between a primarily Hindu India and a primarily Muslim Pakistan.
 Contemporary Challenges
The modern age, like every age, poses challenges for humanity and for the various religions that engage humanity, and the aim of Hinduism has always been to enlighten (or, sometime, assimilate) rather than to convert.
The Hindu world-view of pluralism and respect for multiple paths holds up one beautiful model for reconciliation of religious conflicts, without calling for conversion to any one creed and with each religion maintaining its unique identity and practices.
This aim pays homage to its long and varied history, and tells of its deep and sacred roots. 

:: Buddhism ::
Buddhism is a major world religion, founded in northeastern India and based on the teachings of Siddhartha Gautama, better known today as the Buddha, the Enlightened (or Awakened) One.
Originating within the dominant Brahman tradition of the day, Buddhism soon took its own path. The Buddha not only rejected significant aspects of Hindu philosophy, but also challenged the authority of the priesthood, denied the validity of the Vedic scriptures, andprimarilyrejected the sacrificial cult based on them.
Moreover, he opened his movement to members of all castes, refuting that the matter of birth has anything to do with a persons spiritual worth.
Today, Buddhism is divided into two major branches known to their respective followers as Theravadathe Way of the Elders, and Mahayana, the Great Vehicle.
Followers of Mahayana sometimes refer to Theravada using the derogatory term Hinayana, the Lesser Vehicle. Theravadins have no derogatory term for Mahayana.
Theravada is dominant in Sri Lanka, Thailand, Cambodia, Myanmar (formerly known as Burma), and Laos, while Mahayana has had its greatest impact in China, Japan, Taiwan, Tibet, Nepal, Mongolia, Korea, and Vietnam, as well as in India.
The number of Buddhists worldwide is estimated at between 150 and 300 million. The reasons a more exact number is hard to arrive at are twofold: Throughout much of Asia religious affiliation tends to be nonexclusive; and it is especially difficult to estimate the number of Buddhists in Communist countries such as China.
Origins
As did most major faiths, Buddhism developed over many years.
The Buddhas Life
It was not until centuries after the Buddhas death that a biography of his life was even attempted, and in sources earlier than that we find only fragmentary accounts of his life. Western scholars, however, generally agree on 563 BCE as the year of his birth.
Siddhartha Gautama, the Buddha-to-be, was born in Lumbin, Nepal, near the present Nepal-India border, the son of the ruler of a lesser kingdom.
According to legend, sages recognized in the newborn boy the marks of a great man with the potential to become either a sage or the ruler of an empire.
Since his father preferred that he become the ruler of an empire, the young prince was raised in sheltered luxury, until this plan backfired when at the age of 29 Siddhartha Gautama realized how empty his life to this point had been. Renouncing earthly attachments, he embarked on a quest for peace and enlightenment, seeking release from the cycle of rebirths. For the next few years he practiced Yoga and adopted a life of radical asceticism.
He eventually abandoned the approach of severe self-denial as fruitless and instead adopted a middle path between his former life of indulgence and that of extreme asceticism.
Sitting under a bo tree, he meditated, rising through a series of higher levels of meditative absorptions (states of consciousness) until he finally attained the enlightenment for which he had been searching.
Having now seen the ultimate truth, and the path to its achievement, he began to preach, wandering from place to place, gathering a body of disciples, and organizing them into a monastic community known as the sangha.
He spent the rest of his life as an itinerant teacher of his message.
The Buddhas Teachings
As an oral teacher, the Buddha left no written body of thought. His beliefs were first passed on orally, to eventually be recorded by later followers.
The Four Noble Truths
The core of the Buddhas enlightenment is the realization of the Four Noble Truths:
The First Noble Truth: There is suffering (often misquoted as Life is Suffering which the Buddha never claimed). Instead, what he pointed out is that there is suffering.
True, there is more to that statement than a mere recognition of the presence of suffering in existence, for what he said was that human existence, by its very nature of constant change and impermanence, is essentially unsatisfactory from the moment of (normally) painful birth to the moment of (normally) painful death.
And even death brings no relief, for the Buddha acknowledge the Hindu truth of life as cyclical, with death leading to further rebirth.
The Second Noble Truth: All suffering is caused by ignorance of the nature of reality and the craving, attachment, and grasping that result from such ignorance.
The Third Noble Truth: Suffering can be ended by overcoming ignorance and attachment (craving and clinging).
The Fourth Noble Truth: The path to the ending of suffering is the Noble Eightfold Path, which consists of right views, right intention, right speech, right action, right livelihood, right effort, right mindfulness , and right concentration.
These eight groups are usually divided into the three broader categories that form the cornerstone of Buddhist faith: morality, wisdom, and samadhi, or concentration.
 Anatman
Buddhism analyzes human existence as made up of five aggregates or bundles or skandhas:
 The physical world and the material body.
 Feelings, which are either positive, negative, or neutral.
 Perceptions, which are identifications of what is senses through the physical senses.
 Mental formations, such as thoughts, imaginings, etc.
 Consciousness.
An individual, according to Buddhist teaching, is only a temporary combination of these aggregates, which are subject to continual change. Thus, no one remains the same for any two consecutive moments.
The Buddha denied that the aggregates individually or in combination may be considered a permanent, independently existing self or soul (atman). Indeed, he regarded it as a serious mistake to conceive of any lasting unity behind the elements that constitute an individual.
The Buddha taught that a belief in such a permanent self is what led to egoism, craving, and suffering. Thus he taught the doctrine of anatman, the denial of a permanent soul.
All existences, he held, is characterized by anatman (no permanent soul), anitya (impermanence), and dukkha (suffering).
His anatman doctrine necessitated a reinterpretation of the long-standing Indian tradition of samsara rebirths. To clarify this he taught the doctrine of dependent origination.
With this 12-linked chain of causation he showed how ignorance in a previous life creates the tendency for a combination of aggregates to develop. These in turn cause the mind and senses to operate.
Sensations result, which lead to craving and a clinging to existence. This condition in turn triggers the process of becoming once again, producing a renewed cycle of birth, old age, and death. Through this causal chain a connection is made between one life and the next.
What the Buddha posits is a stream of renewed existences, rather than a permanent being that moves from life to lifein effect a belief in rebirth without transmigration.
Karma
Karma is part and parcel of the doctrine of dependent origination, and, consisting of a persons acts and their ethical consequences, holds that human actions lead to rebirth, wherein good deeds are inevitably rewarded and evil deeds, as a matter of course, punished.
As a consequence, there exists neither undeserved pleasure nor unwarranted suffering in the world, only universal, Karmic, justice.
This justice operates through natural moral law rather than through a humanly contrived system of divine judgment, and it determines such things as ones species, beauty, intelligence, longevity, wealth, and social status.
According to the Buddha, karma of varying types can lead to rebirth as a human, an animal, a hungry ghost, a denizen of hell, or even one of the Hindu gods.
Although the Buddha never actually denied the existence of these gods, he never agreed to any of their special roles. Rather, he held, their lives in heaven are long and pleasurable, but they are in the same predicament as other creatures, being subject eventually to death and further rebirth in lower states of existence. They are not creators of the universe nor are they in control of human destiny, and Buddhism flatly denies any value of prayer and sacrifice to themas it refutes the value of any type of mechanistic ritual.
Buddhist tradition also holds that of all possible modes of rebirth, human existence is to be preferred, because the lower strata are too painful to afford any thought or effort toward enlightenment and the deities are so engrossed in their own pleasures to bother about it.
Hence, some even holdthough there are quoted instances of denizens of the heavenly realms reaching NirvanaEnlightenment is possible only for humans.
I am not sure I agree.
Nirvana
The ultimate goal of the Buddhist path is release from the round of phenomenal existence with its inherent suffering. This goal is named nirvana (to blow out), an enlightened state in which the fires of greed, hatred, and delusion have been forever stilled.
Not to be confused with total annihilationthough far too many Western scholars do not make this distinctionnirvana is a state of consciousness beyond definition. After attaining nirvana, the enlightened individual may continue to live, burning off any remaining karma until a state of final nirvana (parinirvana) is attained at body death.
On paper, the goal of nirvana is attainable by anyone, although it may only be a realistic goal for members of the monastic community.
In Theravada Buddhism an individual who has achieved enlightenment by following the Eightfold Path is known as an arhat (Sanskritan arahant in Pali), or worthy onea solitary saint.
For those unable (or unwilling, in this life) to pursue the ultimate goal of nirvana, the proximate goal of better rebirth through improved karma is an option. This lesser goal is generally pursued by lay Buddhists in the hope that it will eventually lead to a life in which they are capable of pursuing final enlightenment as members of the sangha.
A life that leads to nirvana is detached and inner-oriented, and involves cultivating four virtuous attitudes, known as the Palaces of Brahma or the Heavenly Abodes: loving-kindness, compassion, sympathetic joy, and equanimity.
The ethic that leads to better rebirth, however, is centered on fulfilling ones duties to society. It involves acts of charity, especially support of the sangha, as well as observance of the five precepts that constitute the basic moral code of Buddhism. These precepts prohibit killing, stealing, harmful language, sexual misbehavior, and the use of intoxicants. By observing these precepts, the three roots of evillust, hatred, and delusionmay be, if not extinguished, at least overcome and held in check.
Early Development
Shortly before his death, the Buddha was asked by his disciples to appoint a successor. He refused this request. Instead, he told his followers to work out their own salvation with diligence.
At the time of his death, the Buddhas teachings existed only as oral tradition and it soon grew apparent that a firmer basis for maintaining the purity of his many lessons was needed. To solve this, the monastic order met periodically to reach agreement on matters of both doctrine and practice.
Four such meetings (major councils) have been recorded.
Major Councils
The first such council was held at Rajagrha (present-day Rajgir) shortly after the Buddhas death. Presided over by a monk named Mahakasyapa, its purpose was to recite and agree on the Buddhas actual teachings and on proper monastic discipline.
About a century later, a second great council met at Vaishli. Its main (recorded)  purpose was to confront and decide upon ten now questionable monastic practicesthe use of money, the drinking of palm wine, and other irregularitiesof monks from the Vajjian Confederacy. The council declared these practices unlawful.
Some Buddhist scholars ascribe the origins of the first schism within Buddhism to this event, holding that the accounts of this council refer to the rift between the younger Mahasanghikas, or Great Assembly, and the stricter Sthaviras, or Elders. Other scholars find it more likely that the split between these two groups occurred (and was formalized) at a subsequent meeting held some forty years later as a result of the continued growth of tensions within the sangha over disciplinary issues, the role of the laity, and the nature of the arahant.
In time, as the human species is wont to do, other disagreements arose, and further subdivisions within these groups resulted in 18 schools that differed not only on philosophical matters, but on religious questions, and points of discipline as well. Of these 18 traditional sects, only Theravadawhich some still call the original branchsurvives.
A third major Buddhist council was held at Ptaliputra (present-day Patna) in the 3rd century BCE. This council was called by King Ashoka, the Buddhist emperor of most of India. Convened, at Ashokas request, by the monk Moggaliputta Tissa, it was held in order to purify the sangha of the large number of false monks and heretics who had joined the order because of its royal patronage.
This council refuted the offending viewpoints and expelled those who held them. During this council, a full compilation of the Buddhas teachings (Tipitaka) was begun, if not completedone form of which (the Pali Canon) survives to this day.
Other scriptures compiled at, or shortly after, this meeting included the body of subtle philosophy known as abhidharma, as well as a finalized version of the monastic code disciplineknown as vinayathat had been recited at the first council.
This third council also dispatched missionaries to various countries.
A fourth council, under the patronage of King Kanishka, emperor of much of Northern India, was held about 100 CE at Jlandhar or in Kashmr. Both branches of Buddhism (Mahayana and Theravada) may have participated in this council, which was aimed at creating peace among the various sects, but the Theravada Buddhists refuse to recognize the authenticity of any branch other than their own.
Buddhist Literature
For several centuries after the death of the Buddha, the teachings recited, agreed upon, and finalized at the councils were transmitted orally. These were finally committed to writing about the 1st century BCE.
Some early schools used Sanskrit for their scriptural language. Although individual texts are extant, no complete canon has survived in Sanskrit.
However, the full Theravada canon survives in Pali, a popular dialect derived from Sanskrit, and most likely spoken by the Buddha and his immediate followers.
The Tipitaka
The Theravada Buddhist canon is known in Pali as the Tipitaka, meaning Three Baskets, because it consists of three collections of writings: the Sutta Pitaka, a collection of the Buddhas discourses; the Vinaya Pitaka, the code of monastic discipline; and the Abhidharma Pitaka, which contains philosophical, psychological, and doctrinal discussions and classifications.
The Sutta Pitaka is composed both of discourses held by the Buddha and of dialogues between the Buddha and other people.
The Sutta Pitaka consists of five groups of textsNikayas (meaning collections in Pali): Digha Nikaya (Collection of Long Discourses), Majjhima Nikaya (Collection of Medium-Length Discourses), Samyutta Nikaya (Collection of Grouped Discourses), Anguttara Nikaya (Collection of Discourses on Numbered Topics), and Khuddaka Nikaya (Collection of Miscellaneous Texts).
The fifth (and largest) group, we find the Jatakas, comprising stories of former lives of the Buddha, and the Dhammapada (Religious Sentences), a summary of the Buddhas teachings on mental discipline and moralitypossibly the most translated and read of all Buddhist texts.
The Vinaya Pitaka (the Basket of Discipline) consists of more than 225 rules governing the conduct of both Buddhist monks and nuns. Each such rule is accompanied by a story explaining the original reason for the rule.
The Abhidharma Pitaka (the Higher Teachings) consists of seven separate works, including a detailed classification of psychological phenomena, metaphysical analysis, and a thesaurus of technical vocabulary.
In addition to the Tipitaka, there are two non-canonical texts that have gained great authority and influence within Theravada Buddhism: the Milindapanha (Questions of King Milinda) and the Visuddhimagga (Path of Purification).
The Milindapanha dates from about the 2nd century CE and is in the form of a dialogue dealing with a series of fundamental problems in Buddhist thought.
The Visuddhimagga, from the 5th century CE) is nothing short of a masterpiece of commentary by the most famous of Buddhist commentators, Buddhaghosa. It is a large compendium summarizing Buddhist thought and (primarily) meditative practice.
Theravada Buddhists consider the Tipitaka to be the remembered (and later recorded) words of Siddhartha Gautama. Mahayana Buddhists, on the other hand, do not limit their scriptures to the teachings of this historical figure, nor has Mahayana ever bound itself to a closed canon of sacred writings.
We thus find that various scriptures have held sway over different branches of Mahayana at various periods of history, including: the Saddharmapundarika Sutra (Lotus of the Good Law Sutra, popularly known as the Lotus Sutra), the Vimalakirti Sutra, the Avatamsaka Sutra (Garland Sutra), and the Lankavatara Sutra (The Buddhas Descent to Sri Lanka Sutra), as well as a group of writings known as the Prajnaparamita (Perfection of Wisdom).
Conflict and New Groupings
In the early years following the death of the Buddha, many conflicting interpretations of the masters teachings appeared, which resulted in the traditional 18 schools of Buddhist thought.
As a group, these schools eventually came to be seen as too conservative and literal minded in their attachment to the masters message. Among them, Theravada was accused of being too individualistic and insufficiently concerned with the needs of the laity.
Such discontent led a liberal wing of the sangha to break away from the rest of the monks at the second council in 383 BCE.
While the more conservative monks continued to honor the Buddha as a perfectly enlightened human teacher, the liberal Mahasanghikas developed a new concept: Deciding that the Buddha, rather than a man, was, in fact, an eternal, omnipresent, transcendental being, they speculated that the human Buddha was but an apparition of the transcendental Buddha, created for the benefit of humankind.
This Mahasanghika concept came to inform Mahayana.
Mahayana
The actual origins of Mahayana are obscure. The names of its founders are unknown, and scholars disagree about whether it originated in southern or in northwestern India. They do agree, however, that its formative years fall between the 2nd century BCE and the 1st century CE.
Speculation about the eternal Buddha (Buddha Nature) that had begun by the Second Major Council continued well after the beginning of the Christian era and culminated in the Mahayana doctrine of his threefold nature, or triple body (trikaya).
The three aspects are: the body of essence, the body of communal bliss, and the body of transformation.
According to the Mahayana tradition, the body of essence represents the ultimate nature of the Buddha: beyond form, it is the unchanging absolute and is spoken of as consciousness or the void.
This basic and essential Buddha nature does, however, manifest itself, taking on a heavenly form as the body of communal bliss. Here, the Buddha sits in godlike splendor, preaching in the heavens.
In the third nature, the Buddha now and then appears on earth in human form to convert humankind as the body of transformation. It is said that the Buddha has taken on such an appearance countless times. Thus, Mahayana considers the historical Buddha, Siddhartha Gautama, only one specimen of the body of transformation.
The new Mahayana concept of the Buddha paved the way for concepts such as divine grace and ongoing revelation that are nowhere to be found in Theravada.
In fact, this belief in the Buddhas heavenly manifestations led to the development of a significant devotional strand in Mahayana that some scholars have described the Hinduization of Buddhism.
 Bodhisattva
An important new concept in Mahayana was that of the bodhisattva, or enlightenment being, as the ideal toward which the good Buddhist should aspire.
A bodhisattva is defined as an individual who has attained perfect enlightenment but voluntarily delays entry into final nirvana in order to make possible the salvation of all other sentient beings.
In order to affect this salvation, the bodhisattva, whose key attributes are compassion and loving-kindness, transfers merit built up over many lifetimes to less fortunate creatures; something, so Mahayana maintains, the selfish arahant of Theravada would never do.
Some beg to differ.
Theravada
The Theravada school, the more conservative of the two current sister schools (the other being Mahayana) traces its descent from the original sangha, or monastic community, that first followed the Buddha.
Its canon of scripture consists of the Tipitaka, the first great compendium of Buddhist writings, composed in the Pali language.
Theravada tends toward doctrinal conservatism, exemplified in a cautious interpretation of its canon. Because of this, it has been given the pejorative name Hinayana (Sanskrit for Lesser Vehicle) by its rivals, who call their own tradition Mahayana (Greater Vehicle).
The goal of the Theravadin is to become an arahant, a sage who has achieved nirvana and will never be reborn. As mentioned above, Mahayana traditionally prefers the figure of the bodhisattvawho, out of compassion, helps others toward salvationto the arahant, who (according to the Mahayana devotee) is concerned chiefly with his own salvation.
Some trace the origins of Theravada to the events following the second great council of Buddhism at Vaishali, India, in 383 BCE, in which novel interpretations of doctrine were condemned by conservativesthe Theras (Elders)who thereby became the originators of Theravada orthodoxy.
The reformers, in turn, accused the conservatives of being too self-absorbed and dogmatic. This ideological split was confirmed at the third council, convened by King Ashoka at Ptaliputra (now Patna, India) in about 250 BCE. After that, Theravada is said to have been carried to Sri Lanka by Ashoka's son, the monk Mahinda, where it eventually became a national creed, centered at the great monastery of Mahavihara and closely associated with the Sri Lankan monarchy.
Ashoka's missionaries also spread Theravada Buddhism to Myanmar and Thailand. For much of the 1st millennium CE, Theravada existed alongside Mahayana in all these areas.
While other early sects died out or were absorbed into Mahayana Buddhism, Theravada retained its identity. Similarly, when Buddhism died out in India after the 12th century CE, Theravada kept its hold in Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia. In about the 10th century, a Theravada reform movement began in Sri Lanka that consolidated the kingdom as a Theravada monarchy.
This reform movement later spread to Burma and Thailand, where it revitalized the Theravada tradition and ensured its supremacy over other Buddhist sects. Reformers also carried the creed into Cambodia and Laos, where the geographical limits of Theravada predominance were reached.
However, despite some Theravada followers in Vietnam and elsewhere, Mahayana Buddhism became the dominant tradition in the rest of the Buddhist world.
Theravada has been reestablished in India in the modern era by the mass conversion to Theravada Buddhism of Harijans (the so-called Untouchables, who fall outside the traditional class divisions of Hindu society), who are attracted by Buddhism's indifference to Hindu concepts of caste.
Theravada also has a notable tradition of forest-dwelling hermits who exist outside the monastic organizations. In contrast to Mahayana Buddhism, since about 500 CE, Theravada has had no orders of Buddhist nuns. There is limited participation in the sangha by women and lay people, who generally wear white robes and take up asceticism (self-denial) without entering a monastic order.
Doctrine
Theravadins abide by the original teachings of the historical Buddha, Siddhartha Gautama, and their doctrine reveres the Buddha as a single supremely gifted, yet mortal, teacherin contrast to the succession of transcendent beings postulated by Mahayana.
The dharma, or teachings, of the historical Buddha are usually regarded as being contained in the Tipitaka, and unlike Mahayana, which has generated a vast number of additional sutrasconsisting, one must assume, not only of assimilation of local lore and mysticism, but also of a host of opinions and improvements upon the Buddhas teachingsTheravada confines itself to this core dharma (the Pali Canon).
Lamaism
Tibetan Buddhism is the predominant religion of Tibet and Mongolia, and is also referred to as Lamaism. It is essentially of the Mahayana school, with elements of modified Hindu Shaivism and native ritualistic shamanism.
As history tells it, in 747 CE, a Buddhist monk and scholar named Padmasambhava (Sanskrit for born of the lotus flower) journeyed from northern India to Tibet, where he established the first order of lamas, or monks. From there Buddhism spread throughout the rest of the country.
Tibetan Buddhist practice consists mainly of reciting prayers and sacred texts and of chanting hymns to the accompaniment of horns, trumpets, and drums. For this worship, which takes place three times a day, the clergy are summoned by the tolling of a small bell and are seated in rows according to their rank.
The scriptures of Tibetan Buddhism are divided into two great collections: the canonthe sacred books, and the exegetical commentary.
The canon, consisting of counsels and injunctions of the Buddha rendered from Indian and Chinese texts, contains more than 1000 works, which in some editions fill more than 100 volumes of approximately 1000 pages each.
The commentary is likewise voluminous, but does not have the canonical authority of the canon.
Since 1950, in the wake of Chinese invasion and repression, many Tibetans have emigrated. Tibetan refugees in India and Nepal continue the traditional practice of their religion. In both Europe and North America, a number of Tibetan lamas have emerged as influential religious teachers.
Zen
Zen or Chan is Buddhist blend of Mahayana and Taoism. This school developed in China and later in Japan as the result of this fusion.
According to tradition, Zen was introduced into China in 520 CE by the Indian Buddhist monk Bodhidharma.
Zen and Chan are, respectively, the Japanese and Chinese ways of pronouncing the Sanskrit term dhyana (Pali jhana), which signifies contemplation or meditation.
In fact, Jhana is the eighth step of the Buddhas Noble Eightfold Path: Right Concentration and designates the state of consciousness of a Buddha, of one whose mind has lost the conviction that the apparent individuality of oneself and other things is real.
All schools of Buddhism hold that separate things exist only in relation to one another and that nature cannot be grasped by any system of fixed definition or classification; in other words, one cannot reason oneself to the final answer: it has to be experiencedthrough Jhana.
Doctrines and Practices
Reality is the suchness of nature, just as it is apart from any specific thoughts about it. Opinions and interpretations will not add to or detract from that suchness.
Zen, then, is the peculiarly Chinese (Japanese) way of accomplishing the Buddhist goal of seeing the world just as it is; that is, with a mind that has no grasping thoughts or feelings. This attitude is called no-mind, a state of consciousness wherein thoughts move without leaving any traceif they indeed more, or appear, at all.
Unlike other forms of Buddhism, Zen holds that such freedom of mind cannot be attained by gradual practice but must come through direct and immediate insight. Thus, Zen abandons both theorizing and systems of spiritual exercise and communicates its vision of truth by a method known as direct pointing.
Its exponents answer all philosophic or religious questions by non-symbolic words or actions; the answer is the action just as it is, and not what it represents. Typical is the reply of the Zen master Yao-shan, who, on being asked What is the Way of Zen? answered, A cloud in the sky and water in the jug!
Zen students prepare themselves to be receptive to such answers by sitting in meditation (Japanese zazen) while they simply observe, without mental comment, whatever may be happening.
Sects
The two main sects of Zen are Rinzai Zen and Soto Zen.
Soto Zen puts more emphasis on the discipline of zazen, while Rinzai Zen makes use of meditation problems, or koans, based on the dialogues between the old masters and their students.
Students are expected to present their understanding of an incident to the teacher in some nonverbal direct form, say, by pointing, in a private interview called in Japanese sanzen.
Influence on Arts and Crafts
Zen is studied ordinarily in semimonastic communities to which laymen are admitted for limited periods. However, the Zen monastery is more strictly a training school combining meditation with a considerable amount of manual labor.
The students in such schools give special attention to the arts and crafts, notably painting, calligraphy, gardening, architecture, and ceremonial tea drinking. In Japan the arts of fencing, archery, and jujutsu are also pursued.
Zen has had a strong influence upon Far Eastern arts and crafts because its point of view is connected with action rather than theory and with direct vision of nature rather than interpretation.
According to Zen the mind serves properly as a window glass rather than as a reflector, that is, the mind should give an immediate view instead of an interpretation of the world.
All theories of nature and reality are considered to interfere with this direct vision. Zen thereby shows its continuity with the original idea of the Buddha: that suffering is the result of grasping desire, for it holds that the mind and feelings frustrate their own proper functioning when they cling deliberately to the world of experience.
Thus, the subject matter of Zen religious painting consists of natural forms, such as birds, grasses, rocks, and mountains, presented merely as images in a style that combines a maximum of technique with a minimum of planning and deliberation.
Such art avoids iconography and expresses a way of experiencing rather than ideas based upon experience, for Zen is not committed to any system of doctrine or belief.

:: Oneness of Purpose ::
As mentioned in the introduction to the section on Religion, above: Were there no suffering in this world, there would be no Religion. There would be no need for that balm.
Perhaps I can extend that to: Were there no suffering in this world, there would be no Philosophy, nor Science eitherfor who would be curious about anything in a world of bliss?
Human beings want to know why they are unhappy, they rarely, if ever, wonder why they are happy. I believe that the concept of problem preceded and spawned the concept of curiosity. Be that, however, as it may, once curiosity had indeed risen, and once it had gained a firm hold as a human endeavor, it soon proliferated and branched off into its three main paths: Science, Philosophy, and Religion.
But the initial question was, I am sure: Why do I hurt?
It was not: Why do I laugh? for happiness is its own answer, and raises no questions.
Three Paths
Today, as we look back over this journey of discovery (why do I hurt?), we see three paths that each lay claim to its own territory and uniquenessalthough Science now and then attempts to commandeer the other two, and subordinate them to its (obviously) only right way to go about things.
Such arrogance.
For, if anything, all paths of discovery fall under the wider umbrella of philosophy, the all-encompassing love of truth, for is it not the truth that we are all after, after all?
A Thousand Truths
Perhaps ones first conclusion (after the above whirlwind survey of Science, Philosophy, and Religion) is that there are a thousand, a thousand thousand, and a thousand thousand thousand truths, and more as more little truths are discovered (or dreamed up) every day.
But this is tracking water upstream; tracing it to finer and finer tributaries. A thousand thousand thousand tributaries finer and finer every day.
But what, ultimately, feeds all tributaries, and where do all tributaries ultimately return to?
One Ocean
Whether you follow the river of Science, Philosophy, or Religion, it will, eventually, return to the one truth that ultimately gave birth to them: the Ocean. The One Ocean.
Water is water, gravity is gravity, truth is truth.

::


About the Author


Raised in Northern Sweden (by trolls), Ulf Wolf is now California-based.

To date he has written eight novels, four novellas, and fifty odd short stories. More is underway.

For more about this particular wolf, visit http://ulfwolf.com.

Also, you can contact him at ulfwolf at gmail dot com.

Other books by Ulf Wolf (and also available at Smashwords):

Tathgata  A Four Volume Novel
The Faces of Harriet Brown  a Novel
He Fell Through Clouds  a Novel
Storm  a Novel
The Katha Upanishad  a Novel
Love Thyself Last  a Novel
Flannerys Bear  a Novella
Only The Albatross Remembers  a Novella
Boil a Manchild for Odin  a Novella
Seven True Lies  a Seven Story Collection
Two Dark Truths  a Two Story Collection




