WHO SHOT FATHER  CHRISTMAS?

Tony Spencer

Published by Tony Spencer at Smashwords
Copyright  2012 Tony Spencer
Smashword Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



WHO SHOT FATHER CHRISTMAS?

Manny Bertoni was suffering from a heavy head cold and his glowing mercury-red nose was becoming very sore and tender to the touch from his continual wiping with an increasingly wet and rough cotton handkerchief. He hated winter weather with a vengeance, a word which was entirely appropriate when one considered his stock-in trade. As far as Manny was concerned his heavily-built body was ideally designed for a Mediterranean climate. However, Florida, where he lived and based his operation dealing efficiently with what he termed as out-sourced personnel displacement, it was presently unseasonably cool for the second week of December and he clearly wasn't at all happy about the effects that the weather was having on him. 
He had sent his dumpy amply-stacked secretary Cherry off home early to her bed half an hour ago as she was starting to sneeze and cough as well. Besides, her unpredictable mini-explosions were starting to disturb Manny's intense concentration. Planning hits, sorry, that should be displacement of redundant staff, former associates, business rivals or troublesome acquaintances and other halves, took the maximum focus of his attention. Usually you only got a single chance of success and he had a reputation of particular efficiency unrivalled in his chosen field, in receipt of numerous accolades from within his exclusive guild that he was anxious to maintain. The old maxim of being just as good as your last job was one Manny felt acutely obliged to adhere to. He had just put the last job on his books to bed and arranged the right facilitator to carry it through to its eventual conclusion. The invoice can wait until tomorrow, he thought, not that it was an actual document that would ever be printed out; the client had already paid up front the baseline costs, he just hadn't been sure what the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses element of the operation would add up to until now.
It was getting late in the afternoon and he thought he might as well call it a day himself soon, there was nothing else that needed his rapidly ebbing attention span. A nearby bar and a fresh bottle of Jack Daniels beckoned to provide his prescription of choice for the evening and he was more than ready for some early overmedication.
The "ding" of the outer office door sounded, echoing loudly in the quiet sparsely-furnished suite of offices. The whole building was pretty well run down anyway in this seedy quarter of the city and sparingly occupied at any time of the day. In fact all six floors were guaranteed to be empty by this late in the afternoon. Manny preferred premises that didn't draw attention to his business, or the nefarious comings and goings of his shy and retiring clientele, he had not once and never would advertise in Yellow Pages.
The tinkling toll of the tiny bell declared the presence of a visitor, possibly a customer. Business was slow this time of year, the season of goodwill to all mankind not exactly conducive to keeping Manny in the full employment he was most definitely accustomed to. He wondered who it was dropping by to see him so late in the day. Most visitors called in ahead in plenty of time for an appointment if only to avoid clashes with other ... clients and ensure they maintained their essential anonymity. 
Manny recalled that he had already settled his protection - make that insurance - account for this month just a couple of days ago, so it wasn't them calling on him again so soon. Manny didn't mind paying the going rate for protection provided it was reasonable, even distant cousins have to make a living and if he ever decided to pay his taxes, he reasoned that insurances would have been deductible.
Manny lifted his heavy-set body from his creaking chair and edged around his ancient desk. By the time he got to the door leading to his outer office his door was already being pushed open from the other side and Manny met his latest visitor face to face. He too, was built on the large side, but had run - make that wholesale helter-skeltered - towards fat rather than the basic muscle and bone which constituted the bulk of Manny's er ... bulk. The newcomer was a much older man, too, as ancient as Manny's desk, he guessed, which had probably been incarcerated in this room since the building was erected in the early 1920s. He looked as though he must have been at least twice Manny's age of 45.
The ancient newcomer was dressed in a smart, well-cut and snugly-fitted dark blue suit, white shirt and striped tie, his unbuttoned Burberry rain coat had a few drops of rain beading on the shoulders, evidencing the inclement weather outside. Manny felt a compunction to shiver, just thinking of the cold and damp. Florida was never meant to be this cold and miserable at any time of the year, it must all be down to the after effects of Superstorm Sandy. 
The most striking facial feature of the potential client, other than his overly-rounded face, was his thick long and bushy white beard, which complemented his dense white hair. What parts of his face not obscured by beard, hair and the bushiest white eyebrows Manny had ever seen, was ruddy-complexioned, with beady but lively intelligent eyes, his vision aided by tiny steel-rimmed spectacles perched on the end of a thick nose which was several shades redder than the rest of his face. The newcomer's rotundity was also remarkable in that he must have been at least as deep and wide as he was high, reminiscent of a human spinning top. It seemed to Manny impossible for him to have fitted through either of his office doorways. He looked as though he was at least twice as wide as each of the narrow openings, but clearly he must have entered through those very portals, because here he was. Larger than life itself.
"Hi, Mac," drawled Manny, putting out a hand which was gripped firmly with a warm dry hand, "What can I do fer youse?" He waved him to an antique seat, set in front of Manny's desk, hoping it would withstand the strain of his visitor's mass and undoubted weight.
His guest viewed the insubstantial chair with a degree of suspicion without making any positive progress towards sitting in it.
"I believe I'll stand, thank you, Manfredo," he said on a deep voice, with a precise, cultured accent, possibly New England old money or even British, thought Manny.
Manny snorted and withdrew from his pocket his wringing wet handkerchief for his running nose, and dabbed at the flow ineffectively while he considered what the stranger had just said. Nobody had dared call him Manfredo without enduring pain or worse, except his dear late departed Momma. Manny decided the potential of paid work at this slow time of year was more important than the preservation of his preferred nomenclature and so he decided to dismiss the remark and slowly moved behind his desk, although he determined that he would remain standing too, like his guest.
"Your name, sir?" Manny enquired.
"No full names no pack drill," the white-haired man said, firmly in even well-enunciated syllables, "But you can call me ... Nick for now. All you need to know is who the mark is, where he will be and when to do what you do best, am I right?"
"I dunno. To be honest, Mister Nick, I don't know who youse is or what youse is talkin' about. Look Bud, is youse a cop or is youse wearin' a wire?"
"You may not know me but I know you very well, Manfredo Ludovico Bertoni. I know precisely what you do for a living and I know exactly what you require in order to do for me what you do so well for other clients. You are probably the best ever at what you do. In a nutshell, I want to take out a contract for a hit. As for your question, I can assure you that I am neither a policeman nor am I wearing any transmitting or recording device about my person. 
"I came to you, Manfredo, because you have been at the very top of the Naughty List sixteen times in the last thirty-five years. Quite frankly no-one else can touch you at what you do. If we can come to an agreement, I believe we can do business."
"So what is it youse think I want, er ... for this business youse needs takin' care of, huh, Mister Nick?"
Nick, as he called himself, leaned across the desk, well just about as far as his enormous stomach would allow him to lean, and whispered, "Come closer and I'll tell you."
Manny leaned in conspiratorially and Nick very quietly said, "G.I. Joe, Submariner edition from early 1980s. In its original box, with a spare set of flippers. This offering could be gift-wrapped in fancy paper and left under your tree as a gift from Santa, if you want, or it could be delivered by the US Mail under plain brown wrapper. Plus your standard hit fee and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, naturally."
Manny was shocked. Nobody knew that he'd always wanted a G.I. Joe and the submariner version was, well as far as he was concerned the ultimate G.I. Joe youse could ever wish for. Mmmm, spare flippers, too, they was always the first accessories from this set that was lost even in normal play, apparently, he'd been led to believe, not having any play experience of the toy himself. Because no self-respecting macho male from an Italian Mafioso family ever had a doll, which is exactly what it could be interpreted as for crying out loud, so he never got one, even though it was his favourite unrequited toy. Manny recalled listing this wish in his letter for Santa every year for, well ... years. His letters and wish were never granted or even offered ... until now. He made a quick decision.
"Who's the mark, when, wheres? ... and a brown wrapper, please ... the family ...  they don't needs to know about it, youse know?"
"I understand completely. The 'target' is Father Christmas, Santa Claus. The 'when' will be just after dawn on Christmas Day. The 'where' will be between the private airfield on the outskirts of St Nicholas City, California and the road leading to Lighthouse Point. I can give you all the Zip codes you'd need. Can we do business?"
"Bada bing bada boom!" intoned Manny, "Youse can go ahead an' order the flowers," holding out his large hand to shake the agreement with Nick. 
Father Christmas was as good as sleeping in that place where the Californian sea-lions catch their supper.

***

Father Christmas, otherwise known as Nicky Claus, knew that he was in serious trouble this year. He was a dead man walking. Definitely up the kazoo, big time. Absolutely nothing was going right in Santa's Workshop, the blasted elves were playing up and were all over the show and there's no way Nicky could get them back on track just by himself. He knew he was screwed and if Father Christmas was screwed then so was Christmas.
This was only Nicky's second Christmas season in charge and the first one that he had tried to handle completely on his own and already he could see that it was going to be an unmitigated disaster. No Father Christmas in the whole history of Yuletide Cheer had ever missed delivering every single present to every single nice child in the world before dawn on the most important day of any child's calendar. Until now, that is.
Nicky was seriously worried that this year his name, Father Christmas, was going to be grubby-slush. 
Where should he start looking at all the problems that were building up to bring his house of Christmas cards crashing down around his ears as well as the pointy ones of his elves? For a start current productivity in the toy workshop was at an all-time low, with a couple of weeks left to Christmas, only 70% of the minimum required toys were made and they hadn't even started gift-wrapping yet. 
Then Santa's infamously efficient secretariat were weeks behind logging onto the Nice Book all the toys that the good kiddies had requested and not forgetting there was the Tinsel Team who needed a good telling off for a less than sparkling performance so far. It was only thanks to LEDs that the Christmas Lights department were the only bright spark on the horizon. Fortunately their careless betrayal of their workshop's existence had been disguised by the natural phenomenon of the electrifying magnetism of the poles.
And nobody could find that blasted Naughty List anywhere, even though the elves had hunted low and Nicky had hunted high. Damn! thought Nicky, will nothing go right for me this Christmas? 
He knew the reason, it was plain as the white beard that still hadn't magically appeared on his face as it was supposed to at this time of year. Honestly, and Nicky was being brutally frank with himself here, he was absolutely crap at being Father Christmas. For years now he'd been telling his parents and any elf with pointy ears that would listen that he just wasn't up to the job but they wouldn't listen to him, would they? He should have inherited the magic from his Dad, all through history the Magic of Christmas was passed on from father to son, from Old Saint Nick to the new Santa Claus ... until now. Nicky was worried that if he failed to deliver every single present this Christmas Eve to every single good little boy and girl before the dawn of Christmas morning the unique miracle that was the Magic of Christmas may be lost for ever. At the present moment he wasn't confident he could deliver a single present to a single nice boy or girl. This could be the last ever Christmas and if it was, it was all down to him.
Now the final straw this morning was the latest flying lessons he had tried to conduct with the reindeer. It was as disastrous as everything else he had touched so far this season. For one thing the reindeer were all far too fat to fly. Nicky blamed himself in part for that. He found he had green fingers and he had the North Pole kitchen garden unseasonally productive - by using hydroponics he was getting double yields on arctic moss and was absolutely up to the elves' necks in lush green turnip tops and the reindeer had simply been overgrazing for months and were many many pounds overweight and needed emergency diets to have any chance to get slimmed down to their normal flying weight before Christmas Eve. Nicky was rapidly running out of time.
He thought he had only one chance to save Christmas. That was to visit his father, the previous Santa, at his retirement beachside home down on the Californian coast, and ask him directly if he could either help, or as a last resort allow Nicky's sister Bella to help get through the festive season? Bella had always been keen to help with the Christmas rush ever since she was a little girl, while as a child Nicky had hated Christmas like castor oil and had avoided every aspect of the family business for as long as he possibly could, undertaking course after course in an agricultural college at Colorado state university. Trouble was, without the flying reindeer up and running he was completely trapped at the North Pole and was only able to speak to his father by phone.
From day one, Nicky had always decided that there was no way that he could ever be Father Christmas, he just didn't have what it took in order to do the job as he knew it should be done.
Unfortunately, all things must come to pass in time-honoured fashion and, just days before his 30th birthday, Nicky's parents firmly put their collective fur-lined boots down and Nicky was finally coerced into taking over the sole running of the family business, while his parents retired for a well-earned rest in their warm and sunny beachside property in California. 
That very first Christmas on his own, however, he had very much more than adequate help. His lovely sister Bella was on hand to come to his aid and she proved fantastically well-suited to the job. Together they managed to complete everything they needed for Christmas and stave off the threatened fallout with virtually seconds to spare. 
Bringing Bella back to mind brought home how much Nicky really missed having his younger sister around him. Her constant presence had become so natural somehow and yet so dangerous to them both. There was seven years difference between their ages and he recalled with amazement that he had regarded her as merely a silly little girl in annoying pigtails when he first left the North Pole all those years ago as a budding adult to attend college. In the intervening years Bella had blossomed into a beautiful woman both curvaceous and lissom. While Nicky was tall, broad, fair-haired with blue eyes and a cute cleft chin, favouring most of his dear mother's best features, while the gorgeous Bella was lightly-built, medium height, green-eyed with long dark chestnut brown hair, apparently the same as her father had been as a younger man. He sighed as he recalled she had the cutest little pointed chin under those so-kissable lips ...
Although the siblings were initially rather indifferent to one another immediately upon their reacquaintance at the commencement of that previous festive season, Nicky quickly began to find her exceedingly pleasant to be around. Bella was witty and full of wonderful ideas, immaculately deft at the essential fine details in all the areas concerned with celebrating the mid-winter festival. Not only did Nicky find Bella easy on the eye, she was fascinating, even bewitching and they had grown very close to one another in that pressure cooker environment of double-handedly delivering Christmas to the ever expectant children of the world. 
Both were conscious, however, of their overarching mutual physical attraction that was clearly far more intense than would be socially acceptable anywhere outside rural Kentucky and Bella prudently removed herself from the North Pole early in the New Year and relocated to their parents' oceanside retirement home on Lighthouse Point, in St Nicholas City, California.  
As far as Nicky knew, his parents were completely unacquainted with the developing un-sibling-like relationship between their two loving children, so they would be equally unaware of Nicky's natural reluctance to call on his sister directly for assistance. He was in the midst of a dilemma, without Bella helping him at the North Pole in the lead-up to the event and her essential presence on the sleigh run itself on Christmas Eve he knew he would find it impossible to succeed. 
With Bella's help on board, however, he was liable to let himself and the family down should his evaporating resistance to her undoubted charms give up altogether. He dreaded that he would certainly fail if her own resolve wasn't 100%, because he knew that driven by his hormones he wouldn't be able to resist her. 
Nicky's only hope was that Old Father Christmas, the recently retired Saint Nick, would return to the North Pole himself and save the day in the nick of time. Nicky had already spoken at length with his father two days ago and knew very well that the old man was reluctant to come out of retirement himself but he had at least agreed with Nicky that he would sleep on it for a day or two and let him know the outcome. Nicky was sure that his father was disappointed, even ashamed of his only son and Nicky felt worthless, piling more depression upon the agony of being denied access to the woman he believed was his one true love.
The trouble was that Nicky just didn't seem able to fit into the role expected of him by the rest of his family. The magic of Christmas was supposed to pass naturally to him in its entirety once the old man retired, but it just never happened and he had struggled with every aspect of the job despite his best efforts. Even the elves lacked respect for him and he had hardly any control over the mischievous little creatures.
He sighed and stared through the window at the glittering winter scene outside. Not that he could see much out of the window, the terracotta flowerpot of poinsettias sitting on the sill were thriving excessively, their luxuriant leaves a vibrant crimson against the bright blue sky and white sun-drenched snow. Boy! Did Nicky have green fingers or what?!
It was a shame that while talented with any form of plant life he appeared to lack a single ounce of the White Christmas touch that the world had so come to expect from their Father Christmas.

***

Bella Claus tunefully whistled a jolly upbeat carol to herself as she waved away the multi-trailered Postal Service truck carrying off the pre-sorted mail to the main state forwarding depot. The driver blasted his departure on the truck's sonorous bespoke horn as he pulled onto the highway with a thick plume of blue exhaust smoke emitting from the pipe above and just behind the driver's cab. 
Knowing that her highly efficient second-in-command Mickey Klass was still hard at work in the office handling the fresh pile of mail and parcels that the departing truck had dropped off, before reloading with the mail going the other way for delivery the next morning, Bella was able to leave work early tonight in order to collect her father from the City airport. 
Her delight in a job well-done and the warm feeling she felt for a friend she had every trust in evaporated somewhat, worrying about the reasons behind her next task. She hadn't even been aware that Father had left yesterday for Florida until her tearful Mother mentioned it at breakfast this morning. Clearly there was some family drama taking place that was deeply upsetting to her mother but it was obviously not considered serious enough to justify bringing her mother's sheltered only daughter within the circle of trusted informants. Bella was as usual content to leave such issues with her parents, knowing that they would keep her abreast of any issues that affected her directly or where she could help, but her confidence in her parents didn't belay all her fears. Bella suspected that there may be concerns with Nicky's preparations for the coming Christmas Eve run. 
She had tried her best to keep out of direct involvement with the Christmas arrangements this year, but it was very difficult for her to resist interfering. Bella cared so much for her brother even though she was barred from demonstrating to Nicky the full extent of her feelings for him which had threatened to overwhelm her during their close association last Christmas. Over the past eleven or so months she had forced herself not to call her brother at all, not once, and restrict any contacts with him during his regular visits to see their parents in the intervening period to a bare minimum, sufficient only to ensure that Mummy and Daddy could not unduly draw inference to any unseemly or embarrassing abnormality in the relationship between the siblings. It was fortunate that Nicky too, had respected the awkwardness of their emotional relationship by similarly avoiding her at every turn. She was glad that they had never since that magical Christmas Eve night spent any time alone together ... despite the heartache that she had suffered ... was still suffering.
Not quite able to divorce herself from the family business entirely though, Bella had earlier today put out feelers with her old elfish contacts back at the workshop and the feedback had not been too promising. Bella had done a little bit of prodding and given some guiding advice from distance but she was limited in what she could do, based as she was in distant sunny California. But she had grown up with these same elves and knew which buttons she could press to re-motivate them. She had managed to get some toy production efforts shifted towards producing a simpler range of toys, which Bella thought should help completion to target. Only at lunchtime today she had sorted out the troublesome Tinsel Team who had gotten themselves into a terrible tangle, again. Elves, honestly, they can be so bothersome she thought, hence that expression of frustration that her father often used to exclaim, "elves bells!"
As she drove towards the Arrivals hall of the city commercial airport, she couldn't help her thoughts going out to Nicky yet again. Bella was certain that she loved him far more dearly and deeply than was even remotely appropriate between sister and brother and even more sure that she would love him only of all the men in the world. There was no room in her heart for another ... she had to admit the taboo word ... lover. Of course it was a forbidden love she felt so strongly about, Nicky was her elder brother for crying out loud! These things were not supposed to happen between emotionally attached couples who shared the same mother and father. She really didn't need this complication in her life. Bella knew that she would always have to exclude Nicky from those compulsive emotions that threatened to both engulf them and destroy her own happiness forever. 
Bella had dated other eligible men since leaving the North Pole, of course she had, but lately she found that her heart was no longer in the worthless exercise. She had discovered the process of courting other eligible men was utterly pointless. When she first moved in with Mummy and Daddy back in January she was re-introduced to the handsome Mickey Klass. She had forgotten that she had thought he was cute a decade earlier and had had her first crush on a boy she was too shy to even speak to at the time. He was literally the boy next door, who lived within and worked the lamps atop the St Nicholas Lighthouse. That he was perfectly handsome wasn't at all in doubt, he was tall, well-built, blond and blue-eyed, with a cute and charming smile. When she first set eyes on him her heart quickly missed a beat. Mickey could easily have been the twin brother of her unrequited lover, Nicky, other than he lacked her own brother's adorable cleft chin. By coincidence, the two men even shared the same birthday!
Bella had been so excited when Mickey asked her out for a meal first and dancing afterwards so soon after she arrived last December just before New Year. He was neither too forward or pushy, he had actually waited until they were on their own before asking her out so she felt she would be comfortably in a position to turn him down or accept without any outside pressures. She decided to accept and he appeared grateful and somewhat relieved. There was clearly some attraction between these two beautiful young people right from the outset. 
They had wined and dined and merrily danced the night away. They had held each other lightly where the pace of the dance allowed, both of them equally shy and awkward at the countdown to the new year, and kissed briefly at that point, without raising any emotions that would cause concerns or possible embarrassing physical reactions. No, she thought, he was the perfect first date. He was bright and witty, funny and gentlemanly. He danced extremely well without attempting to maul her during the slow numbers and was utterly charming and amusing when indulging in conversations between dances. He appeared to be the perfect potential boyfriend and, while he appeared to be interested in her, she had to admit that she fancied him madly too, during that first evening. She saw this as a perfect opportunity to bury any feelings she had for Nicky once and for all and replace them with a new passion for Mickey Klass.
In the wee small hours of the morning of the new year they returned from the night club and her deliciously weary body was electrified with anticipation as her handsome beau enveloped her in a warm and passionate embrace, his strong muscular arms holding her willingly helpless body firmly against his rippling torso and kissed her long and deeply on her expectant lips.... 
And the result was nothing, it was like Bella had been kissing a sister or a distantly-related seldom-seen auntie or even a preoccupied virgin nun who just happened to be passing by. There was no passion or magic on either side for the two young beautiful people. The degree of disappointment for both was so evident it was palpable.
Bella had later dated a few other young men in the small coastal city, including the occasional summer season visitor but nothing long-term materialised that could come anywhere close to matching the torch that burned within her so fiercely for her one and only Nicky and so she had at last resigned herself to a life of unfulfilled spinsterhood. 
As a distraction to the heart-aching obsession that was her beloved brother she threw herself wholesale into her work. Joining the local postal service was a natural environment for her logistical experience and expertise, not that she was able to add such information to her barely populated resum. She picked up the work immediately however and she rocketed to the top of her profession in the local area and was already managing the city post office before the summer was out.

***

Santa's secretariat hadn't seen anything like it before. There was no precedent that they were aware of. Apparently they noticed that Manfredo Bertoni's name had mysteriously disappeared from the top of the Naughty List and one of Manny's old letters to Santa burned in his fireside grate way back in 1983 similarly materialised at the top of the pile in Santa's secretary's office. The elves decided not to say anything about either curious phenomenon to Father Christmas, young Nicky looked as though he had more than enough on his plate and it clearly wasn't roast turkey, stuffing and chipolata sausages. One thing was clear, with young master Santa's spring and summer efforts in the orchard, there'd be no shortage of chestnut stuffing this year.

***

Nursing Auxiliary Betty Kowalski was suddenly very excited this evening, when all day she had been a little sad and feeling low up to when she left the little tenement apartment she shared with her husband Stanley. She had just driven into work to start her night shift and at her workstation in the hospital auxiliary area there were some "congratulations" balloons and a number of pastel-coloured card envelopes left for her to open on her arrival. This was the start of the thirty-second year since she had worked in the hospital and she was due to retire in just a couple of weeks, having been asked to extend until Christmas Day, to give younger staff a chance to spend some of the festive time with their families. Although Betty and her husband Stanley had tried everything they could for a child in the early years of their marriage, she had failed to be blessed with motherhood. So she felt more than willing to cover for those staff who desired that magical day off to spend with their dear children.
Betty cast her mind back to when she first started at the local St Nicholas City Hospital, as a rather immature and scatty single girl Bettina Suarez. It was all so different back then, quite casual compared to the litigation-obsessed environment which pervaded every task they did nowadays. Betty had started working in the maternity unit at first, but had soon been forced to move onto the geriatric ward because of a few administration problems, none of which were her fault, naturally. Betty couldn't have had much schooling, as she hadn't attended any lessons at all in her native Mexico and after the family quietly crossed the border under cover of a moonless night they had been forced to keep a low profile for a couple of years, what Betty's father called 'under the radar', which meant even more schooling missed. So Betty had always found joined-up doctors' writing almost impossible to read. 
Anyway, that particular mix-up which necessitated her move from Maternity was soon spotted, the Carlow kid had a strawberry birthmark on his left ass cheek the size of a silver dollar while the Barlow girl's ass was as pure as the driven snow. No harm done, so no foul, huh? Betty was still angry that she had been moved on so swiftly to geriatrics. Everyone is entitled to make one silly little mistake, surely?
She missed those babies she had to admit, especially as she had never been blessed with motherhood herself. It had been a constant delight to her to sweep those sweet infants up two or three at a time to give them the cuddles they deserved while their mothers slept and recuperated. She couldn't pick up the geriatrics and cuddle them in the same way. Still, at least she thought that each individual in the old folks' ward was such great fun, while they lasted. 
Betty was very sad now that her time at the hospital was rapidly coming to a close and soon she'd only have Stan to look after, God bless him, but she was buoyed up by today's cheerful cards and balloons from her grateful and ever-loving colleagues.

***

Mary Christmas aka Claus was still feeling more than a little weepy at what was happening to her family. Mary busied herself in the kitchen of her home, making a rather unnecessary batch of figgy pudding, just to keep herself occupied, but it wasn't really working. Mary had devoted her whole life to the care and proper upbringing of her two children. She had just accepted her husband's arguments about what was to happen to her only son but that didn't mean her emotions weren't all over the place as a result. Tradition was everything to the family, there had to be family continuity for the magic to continue, there was no other way. The Spirit of Christmas was more important than any one individual and that meant a mother's feelings were secondary, too. 
Mary knew when Nick asked her to marry him all those long happy years ago the responsibility she was taking on. Mary had even accompanied her husband on those magical Christmas Eve runs in those early years of the marriage, even while she was carrying her babies. She knew from the outset that this wasn't just a job that you could do nine to five and forget about it. It wasn't even just a job for life, it was life itself that mattered to every elf and every child in the world. It couldn't be allowed to fade and die without some sacrifice on the part of those who were intimately involved. So Mary was sad about the remedy but determinedly prepared to pay the ultimate sacrifice of giving up her only begotten son.
Of course Mary had always known that Nicky had hated the North Pole and everything to do with it. He just never accepted his responsibilities, even from an early age when he did try, and to be honest Nick and Mary had ignored his protests thinking that it was normal juvenile reluctance to grow up and take on the responsibility that comes with becoming an adult. Mary and Nick had both firmly believed that once Nicky stopped fannying about and took over the role he was born for, that the Magic of Christmas would naturally take over and the tradition would smoothly continue as it always had before, like it had been for Nick when he took over from Nicky's grandfather. But it looked like the tradition never would continue, without some drastic action. Mary had accepted long ago that she was far too old to have another child and Nick was now too ancient, worn out and settled into his - their - deserved retirement to go back and take over the monumental task of being Father Christmas all over again.
At least, Mary comforted herself, trying hard to find any crumb of comfort from the unthinkable, it looked as though Bella would make a great first-ever female "Father" Christmas. She was clearly born for the role, just looking at the way she had the St Nicholas Post Office running demonstrated that she had the makings to take over and run the North Pole operation and deliver Christmas successfully for many years to come. 
Mary sadly knew that her daughter's heart would break just as hard as Mary's own one would. Mary hoped that losing Nicky wouldn't destroy Bella's emotional spirit forever because she needed to find someone to love in order to continue the long line of Father Christmases. 
Nicky and Bella may have thought that they had kept their feelings for one another well hidden from everyone else, but a mother knows ... yes, a mother always knows.

***

Bella drew up in front of the City Airport Arrivals short-term parking area and saw her father waiting patiently for her. Even with the crowd of travellers milling around, her father stuck out from the rest like a sore thumb. He was so wide he looked like he must have flown in on an Army tank transporter not a commercial airliner. She greeted him with a kiss on his rosy cheek, took his light overnight bag from him and stowed it in the trunk. As for transporting Father Christmas by car, it never ceased to amaze Bella every time, how he managed to get in and out without damage to himself or the vehicle.
Daddy actually appeared to be in a cheerful chatty mood as if a weight had been lifted from his broad shoulders. Bella hoped that whatever was troubling her mother had reached some level of resolvement. He mentioned to his daughter how cold and wet it was in Florida compared to California, but said little else about the trip and nothing at all regarding the purpose of his sudden and swift journey. 
Bella noticed when she got home that her mother appeared still to be somewhat red-eyed, but the loving way her parents greeted each other after their rare and brief absence from each other at least gave Bella some reassurance that the problem wasn't between her parents but still gave her no clue as to its origins or whether the solution had been put in place or not. 
One thing it cannot be, Bella reasoned reassuringly, the problems with the North Pole operation had absolutely nothing at all to do with the Florida trip.

***

Mickey Klass had seen Bella drive off towards the airport. Bella was his boss, albeit very temporary, and he was already full of admiration for her. She was an absolute marvel at running the post office. Mickey was grateful that she had trusted his abilities enough to have given him the opportunity this afternoon to manage this place on his own, especially as he had only worked there as a temp for the last couple of weeks, although he had filled in regularly for a few weeks every Christmas for Bella's rather pompous predecessor who had always treated Mickey as an idiot. Under Bella's light guiding hand, however, he was amazed that he had taken to the job like a duck to water. He was beginning to wish he had tried for a career in logistics long ago.
Although he had proved many months ago that there was no physical attraction towards Bella, he still felt a great deal of affection for her. She was a wonderful person as well as beautiful and he knew he would do anything for her, even knowing that she also felt nothing for him other than platonic friendship. He sensed that there was some deep down sadness invested in Bella but try as he might he couldn't break the stranglehold which whatever was bothering her held her so tightly in its icy grip. Mickey was still somewhat mystified why they could not develop their relationship further. He thought she was very attractive, with a wonderful sense of humour and wanted to get as much fun as possible out of life. They enjoyed working together, sharing an almost telepathic understanding of what was needed to run the post office like the well-oiled machine it had become. At the same time, although naturally modest, he knew he wasn't that hideously unattractive himself, so why was it that they couldn't develop between them something more meaningful through to its logical conclusion? It was a mystery to him. It looked like he would have to keep looking for that one woman who would fill his life and give it the purpose he so desired, even though he couldn't quite figure out what that purpose was.
Relationships, he thought despairingly, they are so difficult to understand. Even his own family didn't get on well with him and they had become strained over the last few years. He couldn't help it, he felt it wasn't his fault that he was unable to work on Pop's farm. He knew why his father was so disappointed in him. It was natural for Pop to want him to take over the operation so that eventually Pop could enjoy his retirement but Mickey found that he was ill-equipped to step up to the plate for him. Mickey could barely remember his Mom, she passed when he was only a baby and his father had brought him up alone. For some reason that was difficult to discuss with Pop, he never had a step-mom to fill that huge void in his life. Mickey felt that, by holding out a candle to his dead wife his father also missed having another partner in his life.
Mickey found out long ago that he had been born with brown thumbs, with not a single green finger evident on either hand. You could guarantee if he put the most virulent weeds in a flower pot and kept them fed and watered they'd wither and die on him in days. So he had gotten away from the farm as soon as he was old enough to escape and took the job in the lighthouse, keeping the lamps alight. Even a complete ignoramus should be able to switch the lights on when it got dark and switch 'em off again when it got light! Those lights turned out to be only bulbs that ever thrived under his handling.
The stupid thing was that he found he was excellent with his hands and could make things out of any old scraps. He had made the lighthouse fully automatic seven years ago and only had to flick a switch and he would never have to lift another finger. The electrician doing the annual safety inspection remarked that it was the neatest set-up he'd ever seen and why didn't he use it all the time? Mickey had pointed out that then he'd be out of a job, wouldn't he? The electrician had smiled broadly, gave him a knowing wink and signed off the required safety certificate.
Mickey was glad to take on the additional seasonal job at the post office while the Christmas mail rush was on. He had done so every year but only Bella had recognised that he had some talents in the area and had allowed him to expand his role. He found he enjoyed it so much that he was actually considering taking it on full time as well as live in the lighthouse, after all, the Coastguard would never know. Bella was urging him to do so, logistics came so naturally to him, she had said. He was given a few days to consider it, Bella wanted a decision in January before the casual staff were laid off after the backlog of Christmas and New Year mail had been cleared. He could still live at the Lighthouse and still turn the lights on and off, as well as build a respectable and enjoyable career for himself.

***

The news Nicky had just received from his father was not good. No help was forthcoming and he was definitely going to have to cope on his own. Dad was pretty brutal about it and told him to grow up; this was his destiny. Damn! As far as the old man was concerned Nicky was to put his trust completely in the Magic of Christmas and everything would be all right on Christmas Eve. Nicky felt let down and was becoming increasingly depressed about the whole situation. The old man had apparently thought over all the options available to him including helping Nicky out himself or sending up Bella to help, and he had decided for now to do absolutely nothing and trust to fate. Bella could not be spared, Nick had said, as she had her own career to concentrate on and she was clearly doing superbly well in her chosen field. No-one from outside the family could possibly be brought in, so Nicky was basically on his own.
Actually, things were not as bad as Nicky felt they had been a couple of days earlier. The word from the Toy Workshop was that production was now much more advanced and would almost certainly be complete in timely fashion, plus they had started wrapping presents and this task was also getting back on target. 
Nicky suspected the hand of Bella may have been behind this dramatic turnaround in his fortunes. He found that he loved her even more than he thought his heart could take. If only he could speak to her and thank her in person, to touch her, hold her, but it was impossible, for both their sakes.
Things were still touch and go, though. Nicky knew that the family business wasn't any way out of the woods yet. Nicky wasn't confident that he could do the job on the night without the help of either his father or Bella because he couldn't see how the magic could work for him alone. Last Christmas Eve, they had managed to do the deliveries simply because of Bella's presence. Nicky was there in the sleigh helping to drive the reindeer through the skies, but he felt he was only along as a passenger. He didn't suddenly grow the white whiskers and engorged midriff girth as the books and Nick had said he would. He wasn't stupid, he recognised that the Magic resided only with Bella, not himself.
The reindeer training had continued apace although the fat buggers still couldn't get off the ground. Nicky desperately wanted to get down to California to speak to his dad in person, to express the gravity of his father's decision, but he wasn't going anywhere until the reindeer were able to take off.
The Naughty List had turned up somehow from wherever it had been mislaid and was being updated as Nicky ordered. The usual culprits were as prominent as ever, except the number one entry for the last couple of years had mysteriously been moved to the Nice Book, a remarkably unprecedented about face. The elves had at first been reluctant to bring it to his attention, but at least now he knew about it and could come to a decision concerning it if he considered any measure necessary. 
The elf secretariat had been shaken up, too, and were updating the main book with children's requests, although it was an uphill task with record levels of letters for Santa still coming in. At least elsewhere in the world the Magic of Christmas was still alive in the hearts of children everywhere. 
Just you then, Nicky boy, he thought miserably, it's only you that doesn't believe in Father Christmas.

***

Mickey received a call from his father, Pop. They had a major panic on at the winery, the new wine was ready to bottle but it was awful. Although the colour of the red wine was good, it was low in alcohol, quite acidic and tasted of nothing special. Just dipping your tongue in it made your face screw up as if you'd sucked a couple of lemons. It was a disaster, probably because the grapes that had been grown and harvested were so poor in the first place. 
Mickey's father was concerned that there seemed to be a fungal infection in the over-wintering vines as well as in the cuttings and new rootstocks in the greenhouse and that there may be no blossom in the spring and therefore no grapes. They faced the loss of the winery's good name and that would certainly mean financial ruin.
Mickey felt so helpless, his Pop was crying out for help and he wasn't able to come up with any suggestions that would provide succour. 

***

Manny Bertoni was at his wits end, too. Not only was his head cold not getting any better but disturbing symptoms had started to move onto his chest and stomach, plus his right hand girl Cherry and all her kids were so sick that she was unable to come into work the week before Christmas. Hell, he thought, if it goes onto her chest it could be really serious. He'd have to look around for another replacement secretary and they wouldn't all be as amenably accommodating as Cherry was. 
Even more serious was the fact that every batter on his highly selective team had declared themselves out of the game because they had all gone down with the same virulent strain of Italian Flu. Even Atlantic City were considering closing down for a few days. You couldn't get a pizza for love nor money in virtually any town on the eastern seaboard. 
For the people removal business it was a case of bada bing bada bum and Manny could see his chance of getting his hands on an original G.I. Joe submariner limited edition with spare flippers rapidly going down the toilet. The gastric element of his Italian Flu had started to kick in by then, so the analogy was not lost on Manny as he shuffled with clenched buttocks down the dimly-lit corridor to the john.
It was much later that day, not long after he had hung up the receiver following the phone conversation from Gisella, his niece, that he had a thought. He started his flu-numbed mind working along lines towards some kind of a compromise solution to his immediate staffing problem. Ella had initially called to check if her favourite uncle was alright, having heard that most of her family back east had succumbed to the flu bug.  Manny assumed she had expected to speak to Cherry and was surprised when Manny answered the call himself. 
Meanwhile the flu strain hadn't reached where Ella was still in college, way up in Seattle, Washington State, so she was completely unaffected by the virus, which apparently preferred warmer, drier climes. Manny knew her ulterior motive for the call was not simply to enquiry about his general wellbeing, but an unvoiced sounding out as to the possibility, however remote, of an unassigned hit in the offing during the college holidays due to the spreading infection which had inflicted so many generic Italians. 
Manny had been pestered by his lovely niece almost continually in those days after she left High School and before she went to College. To Gisella's way of thinking it was natural for her to want to follow the family tradition, which extended all the way back to their original roots deep in the Sicilian countryside, but to Manny she was just a woman and the family tradition did not conventionally involve the maternal line. Ella should really be concentrating on finding a nice Italian boy, settling down making anti pasta and banging out at least a handful of screaming bambinos, so they could in due course take out apprenticeships in the family relocation trade or other related business enterprises. Yes, he thought, it's only proper that its the guy that takes the goirls out, he didn't want no goirls doin' the takin' out.
Manny sighed heavily, unconsciously starting off a coughing fit. He had brought several handkerchieves in with him today and held one over his mouth and nose until the spasm subsided. He wished he had brought some other spare linen into work too, that coughing fit had left him some uneasiness which needed checking out in the john sooner rather than later. 
He couldn't deny that Ella was very keen, and he understood how it was probably hurting her, phoning Cherry regularly to check if they were all right and knowing she was probably never going to be allowed to break her cherry by busting a cap in some redundant asshole's ass. Manny remembered how keen and nervous he had been when it was his first time on the job, it gave him a warm fuzzy feeling at the time knowing he was fulfilling his heritage. How was it then for Ella not to have her chance to show what she could do? Manny got his opportunity while he was still in his late teens, a wet-behind-the-ears pup too overconfident to recognise the dangers. For him the operation felt natural and had done so ever since. He had been pleased that first time that the cement in those concrete overshoes set perfectly and that he had used that same consistency of quick-drying cement and sand with satisfactory results ever since. For the last couple of decades, he mused, he had naturally moved over to the organising of hits for others and found satisfaction in this too, only occasionally keeping his hand in with some direct action of his own, reassuring himself that he still had what it took to get the job done. 
Ella was so much like her mother Isobella, Manny's feisty young sister. Izzie was medium height, with dark chestnut hair, big brown eyes, broad open face, quite literally beautiful, mother and daughter so alike. At just 16, Izzie had married Benito Colombo, who was a two-bit racketeer in Pittsburgh. Benny was a weasel, so there's no accounting for taste. Benny was a bit of a small time player, hassling pimps and drug dealers both day and night, taking his percentage in goods or favours from the girls as well as hard cash. He had disappeared about ten years ago and wound up in an alley, victim of a small calibre weapon in the head and heart. Classic marks of a professional hit, probably by a weapon suitable for a woman. 
The Pittsburgh Police Department were looking to finger Izzie for the hit at first, how unlikely was that? Manny "persuaded" cousin Detective Mario Giordinardo, that cursed black sheep of the family, to lose the paperwork on the case, so that eventually it all went away. Izzie was very attractive and slim as a young girl, although she had allowed herself to become a little fuller-figured over the years, bringing up two boys and a girl in addition to Ella, all born before she was 21. Manny made himself a mental note to go visit Izzie after New Years, or maybe spring, early summer, even. Manny didn't do so well in the Pittsburgh snow, especially with this cold.... 
Manny knew Ella was a very bright cookie, she was doing well in school, after all she went to class nearly every day for a start, every other Bertoni only went to school when the horse track was closed. Maybe she deserves her chance, thought Manny. I'll give it another day, though, in case anyone recovers, after all the guys had families and mistresses to support, Ella was still just a goirl. 
In the halls of residence, Ella had replaced the phone on the receiver and went back down the corridor to her single room. Of course she realised this would be a slow time of the year for the family business, illness notwithstanding. Folk everywhere were getting in the mood for the holidays not thinking about wasting rivals or fitting recalcitrant spouses with concrete bedslippers. Of course, those feelings would come back to the fore again almost as soon as the actual festivities commence, but not in the last few weeks immediately prior. Ella only knew that she had to be ready, poised to both pop a cap as well as her headcount cherry and go on from there to have a distinguished career in the business she felt she was born for. She just had to get that first chance and Manny was the only man who would come through for her. He just had to come through for her. Patience, Ella thought, she needed to be like a crouching tiger, she would hold her council and wait for her opportunity. She was confident it would come and when it did she would be ready.

***

Betty was just finishing her night shift in the geriatric ward and decided to pop into the maternity ward for a wistful look round at the baby room, remembering those few good happy days so long ago that were soon drawing to a close. When she got home to their tiny apartment, her husband Stanley was just finishing breakfast before going off to work at the local airfield. Her eyes were red and Stan picked this up straight away.
"What's up sugar?" he asked as he poured her a coffee from the fresh jug he had filled a few moments earlier. "You look a little down, tough night, huh?"
"No, the shift was ok, we only lost a couple or three old timers. I just dropped in to look at the babies, knowing that we missed out on havin' our own. We tried so hard, honey and it never worked out."
"I know we tried as hard as we could, baby, you near wore me out for a while!" Stan grinned, "We were making love four or five times a day during your most fertile period. We were regularly tested and I even registered a higher than normal sperm count. The doc even said he was surprised I didn't knock you up as soon as look at you. It was just never gonna happen. Not your fault, sugar." He held her tight. "You even took them fancy Morning After pills regularly so that the baby couldn't be affected by morning sickness and still you didn't fall. I still love ya though, sugar."
"Yeah, me too, loads, honey," Betty agreed, sniffing and sitting down at the table and raising the coffee cup towards her lips, taking a refreshing sip, "I'd forgotten that, I guess we did try everything and I suppose we were just never destined to have a little baby all of our own, honey."

***

"Hi honey," Ella's Momma was calling her, the disembodied voice floating over the phone lines, mocking Ella's resolve to remain on campus for as long as possible in case of a favourable summons from her uncle. Ella knew that she would be pressed for an answer and she didn't know what to say. On the one hand she would love to see her mother and brothers and sisters, on the other she still held out a slim hope of a target that Uncle Manny would find for her to launch her eagerly-anticipated career finally under way. "How are you honey?" her Momma continued, "You still enjoying school?"
"Yeah, Momma, it's cool here."
"I know it's cool, honey, you live in Seattle, it's about as far north as you can get without living in Alaska!"
"Oh, Momma, it is cool and wet sometimes, but the winters are pretty mild here, close as we are to the ocean. It is not as cold as Pittsburgh!"
"When you coming home for Christmas, baby?"
"Don't know Momma," she replied, hating that she was lying to her mother, "I wanted to stay on campus as the Christmas break is so short and ... I've hopes of getting a job for the vacation."
Momma was on her own and had been for over a year since Gisella, her youngest and favourite daughter had left to go to college in a distant state. Izzie missed her daughter frightfully, the only one who had been bright and clever enough to win a scholarship to university and would be somebody someday. All her other children had long ago fledged and fled the nest, leaving their mother very much alone. She hoped that she would have them all home for the holidays but they had all cried off individually for one reason or another, including the flu, over the past few days and now Ella, who she had relied on to be home for the holidays, was stalling. The hesitation seemed as though Ella was being economical with the truth, the possibility of a job didn't quite ring true.
Perhaps Ella had found someone at college to fall in love with. She would be more than a catch for any man. Izzie only had her children, so far not even a grandchild to fill her broken heart with love. After she lost her husband, ten years ago, rumours surfaced that Ella's father had not been the faithful husband he said he was or as his wife had a right to expect him to be and Izzie hadn't felt able to trust any other man since with the bottomless love she felt she could give if there was anyone out there who was deserving enough.
"Well, if your plans fall through and you want a good Christmas dinner, you are very welcome to come here, honey, I just need to know nearer the time so I can get stuff in."
"OK, Momma, I'll let you know in a coupla days."

***

Manny had let things slip for two days before he finally came to a decision. He hadn't heard from Ella in the meantime and he wondered why, she had been so keen before. Perhaps she was losing interest after so many setbacks. However, Manny had been having no luck at all with his usual facilitators to deliver the only final redundancy notice to the mark which had been requested by Manny's only current customer in the order books, so it looked like Ella may well get the opportunity to pop her assassination cherry in just a week's time.
He dialled Ella's number and when she was called from her room to the phone Manny gave her the good news in the smallest number of words possible, which included no key words which could be recorded by any listeners and used subsequently in evidence against either of them. It was the normal exchange one would expect between a loving uncle and his equally affectionate, and now very grateful, niece, living so far apart at diagonally opposite ends of the continent. But Ella knew exactly what the call meant.
Ella squealed in delight after she had hung up the phone in the corridor of the freshmen halls of residence. She was deliriously happy, no, make that ecstatic, that she was at last to get her requested and unexpected Christmas present. She called Momma and cried off coming to Christmas dinner.
Ella was excited to receive the call from Uncle Manny. Of course she had no idea who the mark was or exactly when, none of that could be mentioned over a live telephone wire, she was only to aware of that. She knew that her airline tickets would be waiting for her at the airport, and that she could fly the very next day. The return tickets could be collected at the airport too.
Thus the wheels for the planned compulsory redundancy notice of Father Christmas, also known as Santa Claus, were irrevocably set in motion.

***

Mickey last visited his Pop's farm in the hills a few miles inland from St Nicholas City on Thanksgiving Day and it had been a depressing holiday. The farm was performing badly and the grape harvest from the vines had been one of the poorest ever. Now Pop was in a panic, the bottling of the latest vintage had been stopped because the wine was so acid and astringent. This would be fine if the alcohol content was high and the wine could be stored for a few years or more for the wine to mature, but the alcohol level was so low it would never last that long or turn into anything which would repay the expense and effort. Pop was at a loss what to do and Mickey was helpless to offer advice, leaving his father even more disappointed in his only offspring and facing financial ruin, losing everything the family had ever worked for.
Mickey drove up to the farm on the Sunday morning before Christmas. Even the front gate was hanging off its hinges. The buildings had a hangdog look and badly needed painting. Mickey vaguely remembered when he was very young and his mother was still alive, the farm had a retail shop which sold the products grown on the farm and she also used to run the winery, she had the skills for it which his father lacked. Pop's farming methods were probably old fashioned and the hired help he had were as old and worn out as the equipment he couldn't afford to replace. Before lunch Mickey fixed the gate and did a few other essential repairs around the place. It wasn't much but it was a help.
Pop opened a bottle of wine produced ten years earlier for lunch and it was superb. He also opened a bottle of last year's and another of this year's and neither of them was even vaguely drinkable.
Unable to help, Mickey drove away depressed, a box of wine bottles rattling away on the seat in the back, each bump in the road reinforcing his sense of abject failure in being the son that his father so needed right now.

***

Ella Bertoni-Colombo had an enjoyable flight down from Seattle to California, with a short-haul connecting flight from LAX to St Nicholas City Airport. She had her hotel reservation papers posted to her along with her car rental details and more than sufficient spending money for gas and meals for a week's stay in California. Also included in the envelope was a new drivers license, in the name of Adele Glass. The accompanying letter suggested she call herself Della, so if she did react to the name Ella, she could argue that she thought they had said Della. In future she would have to train herself in the use of alias. As for the rest, she had more than adequate firearms and unarmed combat training. Ella felt confident, not overly so, but comfortable that she would not let Manny or herself down.
For less than a week before Christmas Ella thought the climate was pleasantly warm and she felt rather overdressed after travelling down from a cold sleety rainstorm in Washington State to brilliant sunshine in California. 
The hired car that Uncle Manny had arranged for her was a nondescript low-powered foreign car which wouldn't attract any undue attention from even the most observant member of the public. It was a rather more recent model that the old banger that Ella ran at college, so she felt very comfortable in it driving down the sunlight roads towards the coast, where the tiny city of St Nicholas nestled on the flat fertile coastal plain between the gently wooded limestone slopes of the interior and the rocky coastline. As she topped the final rise ahead of the settlement, the vista of the bright blue sparkling waters of the Pacific extending through to the distant horizon filled her with excitement, in anticipation of the event for which she had trained and the knots in her stomach as she realised at last she was going to fulfil her destiny.
As her alias Della Glass, Ella soon settled into the small hotel she had been booked into. It wasn't one of the main ones in the tiny city but a nondescript Mom and Pop establishment just off the main road on the edge of the city, one in which she would not be noticed coming and going and therefore couldn't possibly be involved in the terrible act due to be committed within the city boundaries on Christmas morning.
Her first task after a good night's sleep was to pick up a small package addressed to her alias at the local post office, situated at the other end of the long main street which was all that was of consequence that constituted the city of St Nicholas. She decided to stroll down there on foot, it was a nice morning and she wanted to find her bearings. She had already received a postcard from Uncle Manny, although it was signed apparently by a dear supposed brother of Della Glass and showed by counting through the words for just certain numbered words in the content that the hit was to take place on the road between a private airfield outside the city and the Lighthouse road on Christmas morning between dawn and 10am. She would have to check out that road along its complete length in the next day or two and pick her spot for the hit. Her hotel room was booked until the morning of December 26th, on a morning flight out to LAX, connecting onto Seattle. If everything went to plan it would be easy as falling off a log.
The package from her uncle would contain a dossier on the hit, so Ella could identify him or her, and the weapon chosen for the task. If Manny paid attention to what she had said to him on earlier occasions, it would be one of the half-dozen types of guns she was familiar with at the Pittsburgh and Seattle gun clubs.
Ella was impressed by the little city as she took her gentle stroll. The people on the sidewalk seemed unhurried and small-town friendly, in complete contrast to her experience of city life bustle in Pittsburgh and Seattle where she had spent her entire youth. There were some interesting shops and most of them seemed to be open and filled with goods, thriving in the last few days leading up the festivities, with shoppers carrying brightly-coloured parcels homeward to secrete away for eventual presentation to their loved ones. 
Ella suddenly felt guilty that she had neglected to buy any presents this year, so obsessed she had been with Uncle Manny and the potential of this first momentous hit. She allowed herself to be lured into a store that sold women's garments and picked out a nice blouse for her Momma, which she paid cash for and had both gift wrapped and then extra bubble-wrapped for posting. Happier now, Ella carried on down the main street towards the main post office.  

***

Bella wondered why Mickey was so down this morning. They were busy with the Christmas rush, everyone was trying to get their last-minute parcels and Christmas cards in the post to arrive before the actual event. Mickey normally thrived on this, or he certainly had in just the three weeks he had worked thus far, so Bella was extremely concerned. She cared for all her staff, but she had come to rely on Mickey as a kindred spirit and particular, even best, friend and wondered what could be the matter.
"Mickey, come and sit down in the office for a moment, would you?" she said to him.
"Sure, boss." They walked together to the office that Bella rarely used except when wanting to speak to anyone quietly. Mickey knew how attuned to the moods of her staff Bella was so he had no doubts about what she wanted to speak about. She waved him to a chair and moved a chair around from behind the desk for herself.
"What's up Mickey? I know I can always rely on you being upbeat and cheerful. Anything getting you down?"
"Sorry, Bella, nothing to do with work, you know I love it here." He paused while he marshalled his thoughts. He liked and respected Bella and she had proved immensely helpful to him, even trying to persuade him to follow a career in the post office. He put great trust in her. Should he involve her in his family's problems? Well, she was asking.
"My Pop has got problems with the farm, particularly the vineyard side of the business, which has always provided the major part of the winter and spring sales in the past. It looks like he might lose the farm as he cannot raise enough cash flow to keep the mortgage payments up. The Christmas wine trade was always a large part of the business and they are going to miss out this year."
"Is this a logistics problem?" said Bella, softly, "Maybe we can sort something out, we have contacts with a lot of other carriers if we need to find some spare capacity."
"No, it is down to the product, it is poor quality, low in alcohol and tastes of nothing at all. It's not particularly nasty, a little acidic but basically it is just boring. If you were given a bottle you wouldn't bother to finish it after the first couple of sips. My Pop is at his wit's end and I feel like a failure because I have left him to run it on his own and he had raised me expecting me to take over the business by now. He's only 53 and it looks like he is going to lose everything he has worked for all his life and I'm upset because I've let him down so badly."
"Can't he blend the wine with some from the previous year to liven it up?"
"No, last year's is almost as bad and he has bottles and bottles of it that were returned from the merchants and really should've been flushed down the drains long ago."
"Do you have any of the wine here that we could taste?"
"Yeah, got a dozen bottles, nine from this year and three from last, back at the Lighthouse."
"OK, Mickey, we'll pop down at lunchtime and have a taste, I might just have an idea that'd help."
"Be great if you could." It was a much more cheerful Mickey that returned to the sorting lines after the short meeting. Bella went down to the front office and dealt with customers calling to collect or post out mail.
A pretty young woman was next in line when Bella took over. She had thick chestnut brown hair and green eyes, a very attractive woman. Bella thought the woman was a little young, at least a couple of years younger than Bella, but beautiful and she was certain that Mickey would find her attractive. Bella had not seen her before, so perhaps she was a recent addition to the city's resident population. The newcomer said her name was Adele Glass and was expecting a parcel from her brother that was supposed to arrive today. Bella looked for her parcel but could find nothing. She explained that the next delivery from the central LA depot would be about three in the afternoon so, if she came back, say about four-ish and they would keep an eye out for it. Miss Glass had a parcel to post, to arrive before Christmas in Pittsburgh, to a Mrs Bertoni-Columbo, Bella noted, so they despatched it express. Must be another relative, Bella thought, this Adele Glass looked Italian.
"See you later on today, Miss Glass," smiled Bella at the newcomer, who also smiled charmingly before walking out of the office. Bella made a mental note to be sure to ask Mickey to look after the collections desk after lunch.
Talking of lunch. The time came around quickly and Mickey and Bella had their midday sandwiches at the Lighthouse where Mickey opened a bottle each of the two wines he had brought back. Bella was not a great lover of wine, and sampling each glass failed to inspire much enthusiasm. Bella remembered that her mother had always made hot mulled wine, flavoured with cinnamon, cloves and nutmeg among other ingredients. Bella had learned the recipe and popped next door knowing that the ingredients would be near at hand this close to Christmas. When she got back she mixed up a tiny batch of the herbs and spices as a hot cordial. She added a small amount to each of the opened bottles and replaced the corks.
"We'll let that infuse and settle and taste it again tonight to see if we can salvage each of these wines," she said and Mickey was enthusiastic, whatever the taste of the wine, his kitchen had never smelt so good or so Christmasy!
Bella sorted through the parcel mail that came in mid-afternoon and soon found the heavy little parcel that Della had called for earlier. She took it down to the front office and handed it to Mickey, telling him that a young lady would be calling to collect it later and that she was new in town and Bella hinted that she probably needed someone to show her around the city.
It was a quarter past four when Ella Bertoni-Colombo, posing as Della Glass, called into the post office to seek out her expected parcel. She was quite surprised when the seriously handsome man behind the counter smiled so cutely and had her parcel all ready to hand for her.
"Here we are, 'Miss Adele Glass, For Collection, St Nicholas City Post Office'. It is too bulky to pass through the slot on this counter, so if you go down to the open counter at the end of the office I'll pass it across to you." He smiled at her. She was very attractive, this Della Glass. She had the same dark hair and green eyes that so attracted him to Bella in the first place. Her skin was slightly darker, evidence perhaps of a Mediterranean origin. She was seriously pretty. When she smiled at Mickey, having found that her package had arrived, he felt that she lit up the whole office.
"Not seen you around St Nicholas before, have you just moved in?" he asked, conversationally, while he slowly as possible filled in the collection form for her to sign.
"Just staying for the week, on vacation," she said smiling sweetly, "Have you lived here long, yourself?"
"All my life in this area, my father has a farm and vineyard outside town just past the private airfield and I've lived at the Lighthouse on the Point for about seven years now."
Wow! thought Ella, I need to check out the road running from that airfield all the way down to the Lighthouse. This man may give me the chance to travel along that road with one of the locals without raising any suspicions.
"I want to see the coast, I arrived in town yesterday and have only explored the main street so far. Also, my family being Italian, I am always interested in wines and would love the opportunity to see around a winery. Do they open for tours?" she asked innocently.
"Not anymore, unfortunately," answered Mickey, clearly very interested in this girl, everything about her seemed so natural, so nice, although when he touched her hand as he handed over the package he seemed to sense some "naughty" in her as well as nice. That couldn't be a bad thing, surely? And where the hell did that come from?, he thought, that had never happened before. "I would be happy to guide you round. I must admit I don't know much about the actual wine-making process, but at least I know where everything is."
"That would be great," Ella said. She wondered why she was so keen to see this man again other than scout out the locality. She was hoping to maintain a low profile during her stay and that concept certainly didn't involve flirting with one of the locals, however handsome he was. Flirting! She suddenly realised that she had used that word in her thoughts and it dawned on her that she actually wanted to see him again, needed to see him again. For some reason, even though no man had come remotely close to invoking any notion of romance within her feelings, ever since before her father disappeared, this man seemed just so nice and natural, as well as handsome of course, that she had the feeling that he was almost exactly right for her. Damn it, Ella, I hope you know what you are doing, she thought.
Mickey was smiling, looks like he had a date with this lovely girl, perhaps for tomorrow, he might have to ask Bella for the afternoon off. 
"My colleague and I have been experimenting with a recipe for Christmas flavoured wine, I have a couple of bottles that my father made at home if you are not doing anything this evening would you like to come with us and try it out? We could get a takeout, or go somewhere informal for dinner?"
"Your colleague?" Ella wondered, she was an expert in unarmed combat, having covered all the bases over the previous seven years or so, but taking on two strange men, that could be daunting.
"Actually, she's my boss, Bella Claus, I think you spoke to her this morning when she checked out your ID? She lives with her parents next door to the Lighthouse. So she's sort of an old friend as well as my boss."
"Oh, yes, I did meet her this morning, she seems nice," said Ella, that was an improvement on a male colleague, the woman she saw earlier did seem nice and friendly as well as helpful, beautiful, too. The thought crossed her mind, if they know each other so well why are they not a couple? She wondered if Bella or this guy were already hooked up, if not with each other but with others? She had noticed earlier that the woman wasn't wearing any rings; Ella noticed these things. 
"Her name is Bella? My mother is an Isobella and most of her family call her Izzie, but some of her friends call her Bella instead, is your Bella an Isobella, too?"
Mickey thought about it for a moment, he had seen her full name written somewhere although Bella never used it. Then is came to him, "It's short for Arabella I think, you could ask her later."
Gisella flashed her beautiful smile at Mickey, making his heart suddenly pound faster in his chest, so loud he felt sure it was echoing around the office. "I look forward to introducing myself to her again."
"Great! I finish here at about 5.30, what hotel are you staying in?"
Ella told him. "I could pick you up about quarter to six, if that is OK, Miss Glass," smiled Mickey, "My name is Mickey Klass, by the way."
"You can call me ... Della," Ella said with only the slightest hesitation and showed Mickey once again her sweetest smile.
By the time she had walked back along the main street to the hotel with her parcel, she found she only had just enough time to shower and change before getting down to the foyer to meet Mickey again. She didn't have time to open the package from Uncle Manny, but knew it would keep until tomorrow, stored away safely.
Mickey collected Ella from the hotel as agreed and they drove down the Lighthouse Point road and stopped in the driveway in front of the Lighthouse. Bella was sitting on the steps leading up to the main door when they got there and waved to them as they parked. 
Inside, Bella poured them out a taster glass each of the wine from the bottle and also poured a quantity from both bottles into a saucepan and heated it up. Mickey and Ella were really surprised at how good the flavoured wine was, even when served cold. When they tasted the hot mulled wine though, they both thought it tasted out of this world.
"It's a traditional family recipe, a secret formula," Bella confided.
"The secret ingredient must be magic," commented "Della" with more insight than she knew. "This hot wine is scrummy!"
With that, Bella wanted to rush down to the wholesale supermarket before they closed for the night and collect the ingredients needed to make enough for the 60,000 bottles Mickey thought his Pop had made this year. Mickey used his plastic card to finance the cost of materials, which included several large containers which were required to hold the concentrated cordial. Ella thought the whole exercise was tremendous fun and it gave her a great opportunity to get to know Mickey and Bella better. These were nice people, she decided, she really liked them. 
Ella realised that she had always kept herself aloof from people, never allowing herself to get to know anyone because she hadn't wanted to complicate or compromise her chosen profession. 
When they got back to the Lighthouse, the lamps at the top were already on. Ella asked about it and Mickey told her it came on automatically, because he had switched it over to auto before they left to do their shopping. Ella helped Bella chop or slice or crush the various ingredients which Bella then weighed and boiled up batches of cordial, allowing them to cool before sieving into the containers.
While the girls were working in the kitchen, Mickey ordered the delivery of some Chinese food and they stopped for a break when it arrived, continuing the preparation of the spicy liquor until quite late. Mickey gave her a ride back to her hotel and told her if she still wanted the grand tour of the city and the winery he could pick her up at lunchtime, having already arranged the afternoon off with Bella. Ella said she looked forward to it. He asked if he could kiss her goodnight, shyly she agreed. Mickey took her gently in his arms and kissed her just as softly, but he really blew her socks off! They waved at each other as they separated and Ella could have sworn she floated up the six floors to her room.

***

Ella had a refreshing shower, washing out the pleasant but all-pervading smell of Christmas spices from her hair. It wasn't until she was blow-drying that she remembered the package from Uncle Manny, which she had locked in her suitcase in the closet earlier. 
The opened package revealed two things. The plastic weapon, with an adequate supply of hollow point slugs, was a model she was used to and knew it would certainly be adequate to do the job at close range. Ella was pleased, this was a promising sign. 
The second enclosure was the quarto dossier on the mark, the hit. She found herself keen to open it and satisfy her curiosity as to who the target was. A full 10x8 photo of the head and shoulders of the subject of the hit was the first thing she saw. Ella drew in a deep breath, she thought her heart would stop, it was such a shock. There he was, he could have been the spitting image of the man she was rapidly falling in love with. Oh damn! She virtually admitted to herself the unadmittable, she didn't just like Mickey, no, in just a few short hours she had fallen in love with Mickey already. Oh double damn!
Of course there were differences between the two men, the eyebrows and hair line were different, the lips were a little off, the top lip thinner, the lower fuller, the chin was so damn identical except that in the picture there was a ghost of a cleft chin which wasn't there in Mickey's, and the cheek bones were high and prominent in both. In essence they were so close they could have been twins. This was going to be difficult, very difficult, Ella thought, but she had to be professional, she was going to be paid for this job so she was a professional. 
For the past week Ella had persuaded herself that the mark deserved it, of course he did. He would be a dealer, a dodgy bookie, or ran a string of hookers, perhaps a racketeer muscling in on someone's else's trade, something along those lines. Naturally, he'd already have blood on his hands. Or at least an adulterer, or rapist, or molester, whatever he was he definitely had it coming to him and she was there to administer exactly what was required.
The next page in the dossier listed his personal details, she read "Nicholas Claus, known as Nicky Claus, also known as Nicky Christmas, born on December 29th, age 31 next birthday, occupation unknown ..." Yes, she thought, definitely doing shady business that he shouldn't. Ella read on "... Address unknown, parents live at Lighthouse Point, St Nicholas City." That's odd, she thought, she had been at Lighthouse Point a couple of times this evening, and there were only a couple of dwellings on that point, Mickey's Lighthouse and Bella's parents' place next door. There was no-one else living around for miles. She looked at the next entry, "Vehicle cherry red Corvette with green leather upholstery, registration 'Hoho-0'. No known business associates. Next of kin Nick and Mary Christmas, aka Claus, retired, address 'Dunchimnin', Lighthouse Point, St Nicholas City. Siblings, just the one sister Arabella Claus, post office manager, St Nicholas City."
Triple damn! He's the brother of that lovely girl Bella. Ella hadn't met her parents Nick and Mary yet, but in the car Mickey had said that they were the perfect sweet old couple and the perfect neighbours, they couldn't possibly do more for him over the last seven years. In fact Mary was almost a mother to him, Mickey having lost his mother when he was just a young boy. He had admitted to Ella, both being so comfortable in each others company already, that he had dated Bella once only but they found out on that very first date that although they respected one another deeply they were not compatible as life partners. She recalled that Mickey had also mentioned that Bella had a brother, who he didn't actually name, that he had only met briefly twice but he was just as friendly as the rest of his family, that he had been away at agricultural college for years and had only taken over the family business, whatever that was, in recent years. Mickey did mention the amazing coincidence that he and Bella's brother shared the same birthday, he had discovered this only last year when they were both celebrating their 30th birthday in a joint party at the Claus's house! 
Ella wondered why this Nicky Claus was a target, there must be something bad, there had to be, if there wasn't that might mean ... oh! quadruple damn! ...

***

Bella had an idea which had been bubbling around in her head ever since lunchtime. As soon as she waved her farewells to Mickey and that lovely girl Della, as they drove back to her hotel, she went back to her place to consult with her Daddy. He was still up, as she knew he would be, he was always such a night person and retirement hadn't changed his habits of a lifetime.
Bella had assumed that she would have to fight tooth and nail to get her idea across, but was pleasantly surprised when Daddy told her that when he and her uncles were young kids they used to do what she suggested all the time. There was enough magic to spare and, provided Nicky was in agreement, he had no problem with it.
So, for the first time in almost a year, Bella rang and spoke to Father Christmas, her Nicky. Their conversation was taut, strained, each conscious of betraying one another's bare emotions. Of course Nicky agreed to her reasonable request, it provided the solution to his own problems and, knowing how close the elves had come to ruining Christmas through their own bloodymindedness, they would jump at the chance to come on board and make amends. Other than candy canes and egg nog, they loved nothing better than a glass or three of mulled wine ...

***

Nicky had managed to get the reindeer flying and had hitched up the sleigh for a trial run during the day, so when Bella called it was easy for him to agree to anything she asked. The reindeer were slow but at least they were moving. With Bella available to drive them he knew they would answer every demand, just as they always had. 
Nicky called his father to say he was flying down next morning to speak with him as he still had doubts about the Christmas Eve present run later in the day and night and Daddy had said that it looked like Bella was available to help with both runs.
Nick was not happy to hear his son still had doubts, although he now came to accept them and that he would himself have to pull on his fur-lined boots one last time if Bella was too tired to continue. So Nicky was quite surprised when Daddy appeared happy with his intention to fly down to the Californian coast in the morning. Nicky hoped to have one last go at persuading his father to save the day, possibly to save Christmas itself.

***

"Manny it's Nick," went the brief untraceable phone call. "Father Christmas is coming down a day early".
"I understand, the reception party's arranged, I'll change the time to suit, don't youse worry about a thing, Nick."

***

Mickey was excited all morning, he had hardly slept the previous night, his thoughts were full of the delightful Della. She was in his thoughts while awake, and dreams as he dozed.
He was in work an hour early and worked like a Trojan until Bella shooed him out at lunchtime so he could shower off the stink of his labor to shave, shower and powder ready for his afternoon amour. Funnily enough, "Della" also preened, perfumed and powdered herself ready for the very same afternoon amour.
Admittedly, the car did smell a lot like Christmas, loaded as they were with mulled wine cordial, and they both laughed as they opened all the windows. Ella was glad she had brought along a change of clothes, knowing how pervasive the flavourings were, and it was likely that she would be helping her new boyfriend and his father salvage the whole vintage. It was a glorious day and they were full of each others company. Ella, did feel a slight twinge of guilt as they sailed past the little airfield, but didn't allow it to ruin her day. 
She hadn't received the message waiting from her supposed brother about the date of her appointment being brought forward by 24 hours, so she was still under the impression that the hit would be in two days' time, on Christmas morning. While Mickey had slaved away in the post office all morning, Ella had worked hard too, exploring the route between where Mickey had left the airfield road, to drop her at her hotel the previous day, and the airfield itself. She had assumed that the airfield would contain the local small aircraft enthusiasts, but apparently they were accommodated to one side of the city airport on the other side of town. Neither were there any industrial buildings there, which was strange. The only person who appeared to work on the site was a rather imbecilic old handyman guy with buck teeth, who looked as though he had retired years ago, and he just pottered about most of the time. She had done her work and formulated a plan. So the rest of today was for pleasure only. Just being in the car with the man of her dreams was a pleasure in itself.
Pop was a very shy man, Ellie-June Simpson had been the only girl who brought him out of his shell and that was only because she thought he was worth doing all the running for. Pop was therefore particularly shy when presented to such a beautiful girl like this "Della" that Mickey had brought home to meet him. He must be serious about this girl. Of course he believed in love at first sight, he knew it from first hand, even if it had taken him two months to speak to Ellie-June at the next-but-one church social. He tried to think back to when his son was only a teenager ... no, Pop had to say he couldn't remember him ever bringing home any girl before now. 
Pop was working in the barn when they came in so he had to pretend a piece of hay had flown into his eye when the thought occurred to him that, were she still alive, Ellie-June would have loved to have whisked Della away to the parlour to show her all the albums of Mickey as a rugrat. Albums that Pop hadn't bothered to maintain and add to, ever since ... 
"Damn this dusty hay," he said, pulling a grubby checked handkerchief from his patched denim overalls, "Sorry kids, I need to go to the kitchen and wash out this eye. Show "Della" round, why don'tcha, Mickey and then come on in the house for a bite an' coffee an' a try of your samples. Then we'll see about puttin' this here wine to rights."
Mickey smiled his usual easy smile, relaxed at the farm for the first time in a decade, knowing that with Bella and "Della's" help, he was actually doing something useful about the place. OK, he thought I'm still just fixing things, but this could be the biggest thing he had ever fixed for Pop and it pleased him no end. This was the season for giving and even though it was surely far too little far too late, that Pop would appreciate that it was the giving that counted, not just the gift.
It was a joy taking "Della" around the farm, although the vines did look a little sickly. The winery was clean though, and the ancient bottling plant set up and ready to go. They ended up back at the house and Mickey was ready to show Pop what Bella, with "Della's" help, had done to improve the wine.
Pop quite liked the cold flavoured wine but was ecstatic when Mickey warmed some up on the stove. It was like all his Christmases came rolled into one.
Using a calculator and the vat dipsticks, Pop and Mickey worked out how much to put in each vat and stirred each one thoroughly. Meanwhile, Ella used her artistic bent, which she never knew she had until then, on producing a draft label using cut and paste with existing photos for Pop to approve. He was over the moon about the design and they started to produce labels by the roll. When they had enough to label a batch, Pop connected up the first vat and started up the machinery. Mickey made up the cartons for filling and sealing and loading them onto pallets. Once the labels were run off, Ella came to help Mickey with the packing and they worked until late and overcome with exhaustion.
After showering at the farm, Mickey drove the pair of them back towards the city and they found an all-night diner on the interstate highway where they grabbed a cheeseburger and fries, but they were so hungry by then they'd have eaten anything.
In the car outside the hotel, they kissed and made out for twenty minutes before both decided it was too risky to prolong their delicious agony. Ella wasn't ready for the next step and in truth neither was Mickey willing to blow what he hoped that they could forge together just for a few snatched moments of premature intimacy. Like the perfect gentleman, he escorted Ella to her door and kissed her gently, agreeing to meet again after finishing work at noon on Christmas Eve, only this time he promised a proper date, a long relaxing walk along the shoreline either side of the Lighthouse, then a meal at a nice restaurant, followed by dancing. Ella watched as he walked down the corridor until he waved farewell at the corner.
The bedside phone rang as soon as Ella shut the door. She thought it might have been Mickey calling her from his cell, not wanting to just say goodbye and reluctant to end the evening. She picked up the handset, but it turned out to be the front desk. They had a message for her and she had been rather engrossed with her company when she came in so the clerk on the desk couldn't catch her attention. It could only be Uncle Manny, and important, so she walked down the corridor to the elevator.
Mickey had decided to take the stairs rather than the elevator. He pulled out his cell phone to check the time and realised he had left it switched off since lunchtime. There were two messages on it, both from Bella, asking him to ring her urgently at any time of the night. The second message was only half an hour ago. He rang her back as he was still going down the stairs.
"Mickey! Thanks for getting back to me, how'd you get on at the winery?"
"Didn't quite do all the sixty thousand, but Dad and his staff were going to carry on through the night, so he may get there or close to it by morning."
"Where are you now, Mickey, it sounds echoey."
"Just dropped Della at her room and walking down the stairs."
"Struck out, huh, stud?" teased Bella.
"Not at all, I'll have you know she's not that kinda girl."
"I know, just teasing. I like her a lot actually and, well I hope she sticks around."
"She's just here on vacation, leaving for home the day after Christmas."
"Oh, sorry Mickey, I didn't realise, no family to stay with for the holidays?"
"Just her Mom back east, I think, and at least one brother. She's going to her Mom's next probably for New Years."
"That sucks."
"Yeah, big time. Anyway, I wanted to speak to you in the morning anyway."
"Well, I want to see you immediately. We have a plan to distribute the bottles at Christmas Fairs up and down the state and we are assembling teams to push out samples and sell as many bottles as we can. I need your help all day though with initial deliveries, resupply and collection of the exhausted teams in the evening. Can you come over now, Mickey, so Daddy and I can explain how we are going to do it?"
"Great, on my way. My Pop was asking why we were doing all this bottling and labelling as it's too late to get to market."
"It's never too late, Mickey, you just got to believe in the Magic of Christmas."
"Alright, I think you're crazy, but I'm coming straight over."
"That's good! See you in a few minutes. Hey! What did you want to say to me, anyway?"
"Only that I'm gonna accept your offer of the job at the post office."
"Oh, that's great, look forward to making an official announcement after Christmas."
"OK if Della helps out with the deliveries tomorrow? I'd arranged to go out with her tomorrow afternoon and evening."
There was a pause at the other end then Bella said, "I'm afraid she won't be able to come. The er ... method of delivery is a secret that we are prepared to let you into as Mummy and Daddy have known you for years and trust you, like they would a son. They've never met Della, so that's a non-starter. You'll have Christmas Day free, you could bring her over to have Christmas dinner with us. It should be a blast!"
"OK, Bella, in order to help my Pop out, even though she worked hard today, I'll make some excuse to Della in the morning. Happy?"   
"Well, not totally happy, as I think you two make a lovely couple and I hope to see a lot more of the pair of you once we get this mulled wine business out of the way. Did you tell your Pop you were in love?"
"Get out of it, I'm not in love with Della! No way!" said Mickey just as he left the stairway into the reception area. He waved at the clerk and headed towards the exit.
"You so are, lover-boy!" Bella teased down the cell phone.
"Lover-girl yourself, Bella," chuckled Mickey. "I'm coming over to your place now and I'll blow Della off in the morning, like you insist, so long as it's Christmas dinner on you. Happy?"
"Of course! See you soon, you know Mummy and Daddy love you like a second son, and I love you like a brother, you know?"
"Yeah, I know, I love you too. See you in five minutes." He closed the cell phone and dropped it in his pocket and was already whistling a jolly carol by the time he disappeared through the door. Everything was so right in his world right now, if only he could persuade "Della" to stay, or at least keep in contact until she finished college, then, who knows?
Ella stood transfixed staring at the departing man. She had emerged from the elevator, just before Mickey had come through the door from the stairwell and strode across the foyer and out the door.
She tried to process the fragments of the conversation she had heard. Men, you just can't trust them. She had thought Mickey was different, but he was just like her Poppa, looking out for himself and getting all the free pussy he could get. He was talking to Bella, of course he was. He had said "Get out of it, I'm not in love with Della! No way!" Then Bella must've said something short like, "You're my lover-boy, Mickey," and he replied "Lover-girl yourself, Bella." Of course they were lovers, Mickey even told Ella they had dated, clearly disarming her in case anyone said they'd seen them going out together. 
Then he followed up with "I'm coming over to your place now and I'll blow Della off in the morning, like you insist, so long as it's Christmas dinner on you. Happy?" He's seeing an old girlfriend at 2 o'clock in the morning, telling her he was blowing me off as she demanded and he's spending Christmas with her and asking if she's happy? Of course she is, she's got her man. And then he tells her he loves her and is going straight over there. 
Ella was angry. If I had invited him in tonight, I know he wouldn't have turned me down. He would have got my cake and eaten Bella's, too. I bet he only came onto me as a spur for Bella. He's had his eye on screwing the boss for a while, she was only partly interested, so he introduced a rival and, guess what? The woman he wanted all along came through for him.
I was used, god-damnit! I was suckered in and fell for it, almost fell for him too. God, I even liked his old man, Pop, he was nice. I even liked Bella until now, I thought she was encouraging me to go for him. I guess she was just testing him, wondering how far he would go, and the fact that Mickey rang her told her he wasn't with me at all. She said damn! to herself and held back the tears while she spoke to the clerk.

***

Back in her room Ella read the message from "her loving brother" handed to her by the clerk and received the tip off from her Uncle Manny that Father Christmas was flying into the private airfield on the edge of St Nicholas City a day early. 
She woke early in the morning and changed her flight, instead of flying back to Seattle on the 26th, she altered the ticket to the last flight out on the 24th via LAX to Pittsburgh. 
"Hi Momma."
"Hello baby, you sound a bit down, you OK, Ella?"
"I'm coming home this evening Momma."
"Oh that's great baby, d'you want me to pick you up at the airport?"
"No Momma, I'll get a cab."
"It'll be real expensive, baby, let me come collect you, what flight you on?"
"No, it's alright, Momma, I've been working so I can afford it just this once."
"OK, but I think you sound ... unhappy. Have you got that flu that's doing the rounds?"
"No, Momma, I'll see you later, love you."
"Love you too, baby."
She packed her bag, checked out of the hotel and drove straight up to the airfield. Having already cased the length of the road to Lighthouse Point, she had decided to wait by the red Corvette and meet the target there. On the way she received a cell call from Mickey saying he had been called up to the regional office at the last minute and wouldn't be back until late. Ella was cool and calm and told him no problem, she would entertain herself during the day and wait for him in her room tonight. Mickey seemed relieved that she hadn't made a fuss and told her he would see her later. Not if she saw him first and got a bead on him, she thought, viciously holding back her tears.
From her earlier visit, Ella was aware that the car was stored in a hangar, covered by a brown sheet to keep the dust off. When she got to the airfield she drove around the side and parked behind a hoarding sign out of sight and used a set of wire cutters to get through the fence. She crept up to the hangar. The double sliding doors were slightly open. This was an unexpected opportunity to slip inside unnoticed, which she did, taking care because there must clearly be someone or perhaps more than one person around. It was easier than breaking in.
Sure enough, there was the old guy she'd seen earlier, lovingly polishing the gleaming red Corvette sports car. Ella edged silently around the perimeter of the hangar and hid behind some packing cases behind where some straw had been put down in some rigged up pen. The old man was absorbed in his polishing, smiling at his rewarding efforts, with a rather stupid expression on his wrinkle-riven face thought Ella, as he whistled an old dance tune through a sizeable gap in his protruding front incisors.
They both heard the sound of a car screeching to a halt outside the hanger, both looked up alarmed with Ella feeling more than a little guilty at the imminent arrival of a possibly unwanted witness to what either of the occupants were up to. Ella remained hidden behind the packing cases, while the old man made one or two steps towards the door, picking up a wicked looking pitch fork leaning against a pile of straw bales stacked up near the Corvette.
An old woman, dressed, Ella observed, in a green hospital uniform, pushed her way through the gap in the doors. She was wider than Ella and did have to widen the gap with a push which send a screeching noise echoing through the lofty hangar. As she pushed and entered, creating the screech, she added a reverberating screech of her own as she uttered the shout of,
"Stan ... Are you here honey?" as her eyes adjusted from the bright sunshine outside.
Now she was through the gap, Ella could see she was a rather short fat old woman with a dumb unintelligent look on her dull unremarkable face, which so seemed to match that of the old man, they could have been bookends. Ella lowered the weapon that had appeared out of nowhere gripped in both her hands and held away from her body, ready to fire. She had no conscious thought of how she had come to adopt the stance so automatically, but Ella had realised that there was no threat here. The old man relaxed his grip on his weapon of choice too, and tossed the pitch fork back onto the bales.
"Betty, wha' you doin' up here?"
"You left your lunch on the counter, Stan dear, so I brung 'em up for you." Ella noticed she held a package of presumably sandwiches in her hand. The woman called Betty had a distinctive Latino accent, probably Mexican.
"Well, thanks sugar, you better go, though, He is coming a day early and due to arrive any time now. Y'know how secretive he is, it might unsettle him to have people he don't know around. I usually make myself scarce too, except the reindeer are due to leave again after a short rest, so I will help load up the sleigh for him."
"OK, I'll get going, I'll pop your lunch down on this bale." They kissed each other on the cheek and then Betty walked towards the doors while Stan went back to continue polishing the car.
Reindeer? Sleigh? thought Ella. What's going on?
Just as Betty reached the double doors, there was another screech of tyres, swiftly followed by another and Betty called out to Stan, "There's a Post Office truck and a rusty old pick-up outside." Stan quit his polishing and joined her at the doors.
"Hi there, Bella," called out Stan, when he saw who had stepped out of the truck. The other man looked familiar to Stan, having seen him around the place, but didn't know who he was, but he sure looked a lot like Bella's brother, Father Christmas. The guy who stepped out of the pick-up was a much older stranger, a guy with a cleft chin. Stan didn't have a clue who he was.
Ella, from her hiding place, wondered what was Bella doing here? Did Bella know that Ella was there waiting to shoot her brother? And who actually was her brother? All this talk of reindeer and sleigh so close to Christmas was confusing her. Was the mark, Nicky Claus, playing Santa for some local festival?
Bella entered the hanger wreathed in smiles. "Nicky not here yet? He's running late. Any word from him Stan?"
"Nah, not lately. Had a call from him a couple or three hours ago saying he had changed his schedule and was coming down this morning, but nothin' since, I'm afraid I left my cell phone at home and cycled here so haven't had time to go back an' fetch it. Nicky said something about havin' to hitch up some trailers. Never heard of anythin' like that before."
"Unique situation this year Stan," smiled Bella, "Can I introduce you to Mickey Klass and his father Pop Klass, they are here to help with a special pre-Christmas run."
"Yeah, pleasure to meet ya both, this is my wife Betty, she works down the hospital. Mr Nicky said you was doing an extra run and needed the trailers. You need a hand loadin' up?"
"Thanks, Stan, appreciate it."
"Anything I can do to help?" piped up Betty, "I was gonna get off before Santa arrived, but you guys have blocked my car in."
Mention of Santa again, thought Ella from her observation post. Why were Mickey and Bella here? The last thing Ella needed was witnesses, especially when one of them was the man she was in love with, his other lover and his only living parent. This was supposed to be a simple out of the way hit and was not only getting complicated but it was conflicting her emotions, too.
"That's OK, Betty, so long as we are not keeping you from getting to work." Bella pointed at her uniform.
"No, just got off night shift and noticed Stan had left his lunch on the side. Don't have to go into work again until tonight and I can have my sleep later. This is so exciting, I've never met Father Christmas before."
Now Ella's head was spinning, Father Christmas? Am I losing my mind?
"That's all right, Betty, Stan's been our trusted helper for years, so no reason why you shouldn't be trusted with the secret too, so you must meet my brother Nicky when he flies in," beamed Bella. "Oh! I think I can hear someone coming, now."
They all turned and waited for a moment, then in through the door walked Mr and Mrs Claus. Nick looked around the room. 
"Looks like we're almost all here, then, except ..." He looked disappointed.
"Hi, Mummy, Daddy." Bella walked over to greet her parents and kissed them both in turn. Her mother lovingly tucked Bella's arm in hers as they turned to the others.
"Hi, Mr and Mrs C," waved Mickey. From her hiding place in the shadows, Ella's heart missed a beat as her lover waved at the new arrivals and they both smiled back at him.
"Hi, boss," Stan put up a hand in greeting and at the same time propelled his wife a step or two ahead of him, "This is my wife Betty, she works down the hospital."
Nick beamed and closed the gap between them with a couple of strides and hugged the diminutive auxiliary nurse. "Delighted to meet you young lady at last. Think I've seen you around the town a few times but not been introduced. Your Stan's a treasure, don't know what we'd've done without his help over the years."
Mary added her hug, too and said, "We invite Stan to our Christmas dinner every year and he always declines, say you'll accept for both of you this year?"
"I'm working tonight, and sleeping all morning, so I was going to put the turkey on before going to work. There's jus' the two of us, so I could hold off for a day and come to you instead." Betty smiled gratefully and Mary beamed at her.
"That's settled, then, one o'clock not too early for you?" Mary asked. 
"Perfect," answered Betty.
"Sir, I'd like to introduce you to my father," said Mickey, "Evan Klass, but everyone calls him 'Pop'!" Ella had already met Pop the previous day and was wondering why he was here, why both of them were here, in fact?
"Pleasure to meet you," boomed Nick. "I'm sure I can extend the invitation to include you both, Mary still cooks as though we have a tribe of elves to feed!"
Elves! Ella's incredulity was being stretched further at every moment.
"Of course, you must come and share our Christmas dinner, Pop, I know Mickey's coming already," insisted Mary with a welcoming smile.
Mickey and Pop looked at one another before Pop said, "I'd love to come, if I can bring the wine."
"Excellent," boomed Nick, "Bella told us about the wine and Nicky's agreement to help. Even the elves are all pitching in, I think they're aware they were taking a few liberties without Mary and I there and are volunteering to help out. Mind you, knowing those elves they may drink more than they sell!"
"Never mind, it'll be better than it all going to waste," Pop said with a grin at the thought of an unruly mob of elves high on his grape juice.
"I was hoping to spend the day with my girlfriend ..." began Mickey.
Ella almost squealed out loud, which would have given away her position, when Mickey mentioned a girlfriend. She might've guessed he had another girlfriend as well. I knew he was too good to be true, all men are just like my Poppa, she thought bitterly.
"Bring her along too, Mickey," chipped in Mary, "Bella thinks you must be serious about this girl."
Mickey looked distinctly embarrassed. You might just squirm, Mickey-boy, thought Ella, grimly.
"I've been a little side-tracked lately, but now that I've got that out of my system I think I am ready for the next step," Mickey said, shamefaced. 
Ella almost screamed: so, I was just a distraction, huh! I bet you are ready for the next step, Buddy! Maybe I should put a cap in your ass, rather than Nicky.
Nick shook Mickey's hand, saying "About time, too, boy!" and Pop grabbed and hugged his son in a rare display of emotion, adding "I'm so glad to hear that, son!" 
Ella just felt completely sick to her stomach as she saw Mickey's handsome grin extend from ear to ear. A smile for someone else not for her, she felt he was laughing at her. Maybe she could shoot both Mickey and Nicky and explain it away to Uncle Manny as collateral damage?
It was Bella who reacted first and she moved towards the double doors. "He's here," she said, just as the jingle bells could be heard by everyone. They all moved to the doors and Stan and Nick started to push the doors fully open. 
Then in came a sight that Ella thought she could never describe to anyone without risking being locked up and the key thrown away. Through the doors came more than a dozen reindeer, all harnessed with leather straps and decorated with tiny golden bells, leading to a highly-ornate red and gold sleigh driven by a young man in a green Santa suit lined with white fur. He sat upright and proud in the driving seat, and dragging another dozen or so sleighs behind, all different but predominately red and gold in color. The first amazing thing about the vehicle was that it appeared to glide across the ground where there was no snow, there was never snow in these parts. Not that that mattered because neither the sleighs nor the reindeer actually touched the ground until the whole entourage slewed around in the giant hangar so that they faced the door again. They stopped and only then did they drop an inch or so and settle on the concrete ground of the hangar. The second amazing thing was that the seat beside Santa, plus the two rows of seats behind him and all of the seats in the trailing sleighs were filled with ... what Ella could only imagine as being elves, little people, all dressed individually in very bright clothing. Despite the journey in an open-topped vehicle none of them appeared to be cold. 
As soon as the elves entered the doorway they were jumping about and waving excitedly, calling to the people gathered around the door. Nick, Mary and Bella waved back furiously, their faces as alight with delight as the elves were. Once the vehicles alighted, the occupants decamped immediately like lemmings over cliffs and milled around the larger humans being introduced to those present who they hadn't met before. Ella noticed that Stan calmly unhitched the reindeer without comment and led them towards where Ella was hiding, behind the straw-strewn pen, while the green-clad Santa carried a crate of what must be food for them over to the pen as well. 
Ella saw him reasonably close-up as he put the box down and slapped Stan on the back and grinned happily as the pair exchanged greetings and pleasantries. Ella was devastated how closely he resembled Mickey, his hair a dark blond, with open honest, good-looking face nicely tanned, his blue eyes flashing with happiness. He smiled warmly and broadly, white teeth standing out brightly above his slightly cleft chin. As far as she could tell he could have been Mickey's twin brother, the cleft chin being the only marginal difference between them.
She was in the ideal spot now to do the deed, Ella could step out from behind the gloomy packing cases and within half a dozen steps be in a position to bang three close-range slugs in him and scoot out of the door in the confusion, maybe taking out Mickey on the way through. 
That was when Ella the hitwoman lost her resolve. That was when Ella's hopes to follow the family tradition melted away like white Christmas snow in June. She couldn't do it, of course she couldn't. She could no more shoot Father Christmas than she could the love of her life. She would have to ring Manny and tell him so, then she would have to go to her Momma and cry, probably for the rest of her life.
Ella realised she still had the weapon in her hand and she replaced it in her purse and edged towards the doorway, keeping well into the shadows. With everyone busy meeting and greeting she was missed by virtually everyone and was able to get away through the doors without comment.
Nicky thought he saw Bella wearing dark clothing moving slowly and silently in the shadows behind some boxes which formed the back of the penned area. With no lights over there he thought he must've imagined her. He was so obsessed with his love for his sister that he was starting to see her face, her look, even smell her perfume, everywhere he went. Look, he thought, it must've been a figment of my imagination because there she is, surrounded by a bunch of elves all trying to get her attention and she's wearing a red coat and white furry boots. So he promptly forgot seeing the apparition of a beautiful brunette, otherwise known as Ella, who looked so similar to the vision that occupied both his gaze and thoughts now and ever, the woman in which he had invested all his hopes for the future.

***

Before she phoned her mother, a tearful Ella called her Uncle Manny from a pay phone at the airport, just before her flight left for Pittsburgh, and left a voicemail.
"Uncle Manny, I couldn't get the Christmas present you wanted, I am so sorry! I fell in love with ... a lighthouse keeper. I will pay back your money I spent as soon as I can."
She wasn't to know that it was late afternoon on Christmas Eve in Florida and Manny had taken Cherry out for a lunchtime drink and they didn't go back to the office at all afterwards. Cherry went home to her family, via the supermarket for top-up food to ensure they wouldn't run out. Manny went home to his grossly oversized wife and grossly undersized teenaged daughters, ready to start the holidays.
Manny also missed the earlier recording of Nick, requesting that the current contract be scrapped, the staff downsizing was no longer required, and accepted that the agreed fee was non-refundable and would be delivered as arranged in due course.
Ella then phoned her Momma to say she was waiting for her plane and would be home soon and would get a cab at the other end.

***

Back at the hangar, the reason for the early gathering of the elves, the extra sleighs and the double team of reindeers became clear as Stan and Nick unhitched the main sleigh and dragged it to one side. The elves, Mickey and Bella were to deliver a couple of elves, a few cases of wine and some testing glasses to each Christmas fair and wait for phone calls when any needed restocking. Pop and Stan were to ferry back and forth from the winery with more bottles.
Nick finished a conversation with Nicky and shook his hand as Mickey approached. "Son, I'm proud of what you are doing today to help out Mickey and his father and motivate the elves. I think this is going to be the best Christmas ever!"
"Thanks, Dad, I appreciate your faith in me, I actually believe I can do it at last!"
Mickey shows Nicky a branch cut from a vine with some sad yellow leaves attached. "Bella says you're good with plants ... er ... Pop's trying to grow new vine cuttings and fresh rootstock in the hothouse for planting out in spring, but look how pale and sickly they look. He faces ruin, Nicky, the sales of wine will only delay the inevitable, unless ..."
"Oh!" Nicky said as he examined the specimen, "That is definitely a classic case of chlorosis, or iron deficiency, common with grapes grown on limestone soils - I did a paper on this three years ago, it's easily treatable ..."
Pop and Nick both surrounded the pair of young men, both suddenly very proud of their respective sons. Betty looked up at them standing together and suddenly recognised the fathers from all those years ago. 
"Sorry," she said, "I was confused by all the introductions earlier, but now I know who you all are." She smiled at the four of them rather stupidly, it was a look that was all her own.
"You," she pointed to Nick, "Are the father of Nicholas..." he beamed proudly at her proclamation, pleased that his son was doing the right thing and seemed to be able to help Mickey's Pop with the underlying problem at the farm, "... And you are Michael's father..." Pop grinned and nodded too at Betty's pointed finger.
"... So you must be Nicholas and you must be Michael!" she exclaimed as she pointed first to Mickey and then to Nicky, smiling in simple triumph as only she could.
All four men were suddenly silent, their smiles vanishing. Mary and Bella turned from what they were doing and started to walk towards the group. 
Nick spoke up first, "Sorry, Betty, you've got a bit mixed up. This is Pop's son Mickey, he is the lighthouse keeper and sometimes works for the post office, and this is my son Nicky, he's Father Christmas."
Nicky put his arm around his father's shoulders, delighted in each others company at last, both saying together, "Ho! Ho! Ho!"
Everybody laughed except Betty, who continued to look at the young men with her index finger resting on her chin.
"Nooo," she said slowly, emphatically, "I think you are pulling my leg. I remember old Nurse Janet filling in the name tags that I wrapped around both your tiny little ankles moments after you were born. One of you came from the righthand room, the other from the left. 
"I remember Nurse Janet saying we had to be so careful after we washed you nice and clean before weighing you and taking you back to your mothers. We must take care, repeated Nurse Janet, these babies are like peas in a pod. This one is Nicholas and this one is Michael. I know how to tell them apart, I said as she handed me the first tag. Michael is the one with the nick in his chin and Nicholas is the one who hasn't got the nick in his chin." Betty smiled in her triumph, knowing with her simple certainty that she was right.
Mary put her hand up to her mouth and Bella fainted.
Betty looked at the two woman and then back at the two young men, "So I was given Nicholas's tag and, remembering the nick in the chin, I very carefully ..." she closed her eyes to better remember the old images in her head. "Oh dear, I think I may have made an awful blunder ..." She opened her eyes and looked at the men all staring at her, then at Mary kneeling to shake Bella into consciousness.
Betty appealed to the assembly, "Can you ever forgive me?"

***

That afternoon a flight arrived at LAX missing one passenger who was ticked off on the manifest and a ticket issued at the departure desk in St Nicholas City. A search of the hold revealed no luggage for the missing person. As the CAA investigator, eager to get home to see his family in time for the egg nog to which he felt entitled, said, 
"Look, the ticket record in Hicksville USA can be discounted as a simple admin error, no-one on the plane can recall seeing anything, the dumb stewardess who ticked the damn list never saw nothing. It's a pressurised cabin for cryin' out load, not even Father Christmas coulda got off that plane in mid-flight ..." 
He laughed and the aircrew laughed with him, only one stewardess joined in a little uncertainly, biting her lip ...

***

A Florida sitting room, just a few minutes before dawn on Christmas morning.
Bang! Bang!
Two shots rang out in quick succession, echoing in the tiny sitting room, and Father Christmas fell back into the fireplace clutching his chest, dropping the near-empty sack he had been carrying at his feet. Liquid oozed from the two holes in his red tunic, glistening darkly in the flickering lamplight as Santa lay still.
Manny Bertoni moved forward a couple of steps ready to deliver the single trademark coup de grace to the head when he heard the familiar smooth sharp clunk of an automatic weapon pumping a round ready to fire in the chamber, along with an equally familiar female voice saying,
"Drop it, Uncle Manny, drop the weapon, now!"
Manny released his thumb gripping his pistol, which spun around and dangled harmlessly upside down from his stiffened index finger.
"Merry Christmas, Ella. I must say youse is the last poisson I expected to see here tonight, well, this morning. Wha' youse doin' here?"
"I had to watch my husband's back, didn't I?"
"Husband? ... I thought youse wus in love with that, er what was he, a lighthouse keeper?"
"I was ... I am ... but he is also ... Father Christmas."
"Oh, who woulda guessed?"
 "Who woulda?" she agreed.
There was a groan from the floor and Father Christmas sat up, rubbing his chest, gingerly.
"Oww! That really hurt, honey, you know. You could've warned me that it would hurt as bad as this, sweetheart." He rose to his feet slowly, his huge stomach wobbling as he did so.
"I didn't want you to flinch, sweetie, you might've put Uncle Manny off his aim."
"And I wouldn't want to do that why, sweetheart?"
"Because Uncle Manny is a professional and therefore I knew he would fire two shots neatly grouped in your heart and then step forward to shoot you in the head from close range, giving me plenty of time to get the drop on him, sweetie."
"Oh! Sounds reasonable when you put it like that, sweetheart."
Ella flashed him a beautiful loving smile and blew him a kiss with her lips, while professionally maintaining a double-handed bead on her uncle's heart.
"What I wants to know," interrupted Manny, "is why is he up and about as if nothin' happened when I knows I hit him twice in the heart?"
"Kevlar," Santa grinned, "It's amazing what the elves can run up quickly when asked nicely. Plus plenty of Father Christmas patented padding, mostly made up of millions of mince pies and cookies!"
"So what's that stuff leakin' from the wounds, huh?"
Mickey ran a finger along his chest and licked it, wrinkling his nose above the white moustache and beard that had sprouted up suddenly only hours ago and was already reducing towards a stubble as the dawning of Christmas Day approached.
"Napoleon Brandy," he declared. "I was really fond of that flask, too! It was a Christmas cum Wedding present from my bride. It had sentimental value."
"It also had extra insurance value, never fully trusted Kevlar, sweetie."
"Well, thanks for the thought, sweetheart."
"You're very welcome, sweetie." 
"So, Ella, I thought youse only just met this fella. How's youse twos married already?"
"My real father, St Nick, is also the North Pole Justice of the Peace, it turns out. He sort of insisted he marry us, once we had covered half the world and stopped off at Mom and Dad's for midnight coffee, and we were more than happy to get ourselves hitched by then, weren't we, sweetheart?"
"We were, sugar," Ella had never been happier than now, looking at her husband, seeing his white beard, hair and large girth gradually fade back to normal as the sky outside Manny's den windows got demonstrably lighter. The work of the night was almost over and soon she could concentrate on just loving him, not just now but for the rest of their lives. She grinned at him and winked before turning back to her uncle.
"This Christmas Magic is amazing, Uncle Manny. For you this night is just one night, for Mickey and me, we've been all over the world and in every child's house and the passing of time for us has slowed to almost a stop. We have travelled everywhere in between and cuddled up together for warmth and smooched a little, ok, a lot! We have talked and talked and found out everything there is to know about ourselves and our love for each other is deeper than I could've possibly imagined. This night has been like spending a lifetime with my life partner and hopefully we will share another fifty, sixty of these special Christmas Nights, who knows? ... And in between Christmases we are going to have a whole bunch of bambinos, we're not going to have the same problems that Mom and Dad had this year ever again!
"Your niece appears to have got her claws in Santa Claus and I couldn't be happier," beamed Mickey. 
"Take his gun, sweetie," said Ella, waving her gun in Manny's direction.
"It's ok, I don't need it now, I'll drop the gun," said Manny. He did, stooping slightly to rest it gently on the ground, "It's my favourite gun, youse know," he added by explanation. Mickey, otherwise known as Father Christmas, gently nudged the gun out of sight under Manny's chair.
"So, Ella, what's goin' on? When did the lighthouse guy become Father Christmas?"
"Last night, on Christmas Eve. None of us knew he was the real deal. Then he flew into the City airport, followed my plane that had just taken off and, as calm as you like, he whisked me away with him."
"I never saw no mention of this on the news."
"You wouldn't, Uncle Manny. Father Christmas has a way of making people forget when they happen to see him. It happens all the time in sitting rooms like this as little kiddies stay up all night hoping to catch a glimpse. Sometimes they do and then, well ... they don't."
"Does that mean I'm gonna forget this conversation?"
"Huh huh! The magic happened just in time to save Christmas. We've delivered all the presents to all the children, just your one to go, and that we left until last."
"Are youse sure I gets a present? I've never got no presents from Santa before."
"You get what you wished for this year, Mister Bertoni," Father Christmas said, "Without you helping us resolve some long-time problems we may never have had a Christmas at all this year. For some reason, you are on both the Naughty List and the Nice Book, a rare distinction. Don't ask me how I know, that's the Magic working, but I believe that only one other person that has ever appeared in both lists in the same year, only don't tell anyone ... is Mother Theresa."
"Mother Theresa!?" Manny and his niece exclaimed at the same time.
"Something about lighting farts, I don't get the full story coming through, looks like the secretariat tried to hush it up, it was a long time ago after all. Apparently, the elves that year were particularly strict for some reason."
"So why is Uncle Manny in both lists this year, Mickey, sweetie?"
"Well, sweetheart, my new Dad had him removed from the Naughty List and put him in the Nice Book for the reason we both know about, but Nicky reinstated his Naughty List entry at the last minute and so he's ended up in both and, as such he is still entitled to his present. Well, for this one year only."
"Which is, sweetie?"
"That, I think, Niece, should be betweens me and Father Christmas, don't youse, Santa?"
Mickey grinned as he picked up his sack and delved around inside for the last Christmas present of the year, which was wrapped as agreed in plain brown paper and he put it on the arm of Manny's chair. "I think we will leave it over here as a nice surprise for you to open later, Manny. Can I call you Uncle by the way?"
"You can Nephew, and my best wishes go out to youse both. So where's youse two loveboirds goin' now?"
"When we're done here we're going to Momma's to introduce her to my husband. Then home to the North Pole to start our honeymoon." Ella suddenly frowned as she noticed Santa neatly folding his empty sack. "What, no present for my Momma, sweetie?"
"Don't know how to say this, sweetheart," Mickey said sadly, reaching out and clutching his bride to his chest and stroking her hair. "She's been on the Naughty List for about ten years or so."
"Oh!" Ella looked shocked, then smiled weakly, "I guess I always knew, just never admitted it to myself. When I was a little girl and wanted to er, follow the family trade, I used to practice tailing Poppa and I didn't like what I saw him doing in alleyways and motel rooms. I guess Momma didn't approve of it much either. Can't say I blame her, if she hadn't done the deed, I might have worked my way up to doing it myself!" she looked up at her husband, "Sorry if that's too wrong or bad for you, sweetie."
"Nothing to be sorry about, sweetheart," Mickey squeezed her affectionately. "You didn't do anything wrong and she's gradually been dropping down the List ever since so she should fall off the end one of these days, especially when she gets used to staying up at our place to baby-sit her grandkids!"
"Well, I'd like to butt in here an' say I'm prouda my lil'Sis, youse can send her my love when youse sees her, even if I do forget all this by the morning."
"We will, Uncle Manny. It'll be real nice for her to come up and spend some time with us at home, though. I'm looking forward to seeing it properly myself and making it homely for us, sweetie. Momma must be lonely in Pittsburgh now that the rest of the family have left home and scattered around the country. She has put on a little weight but she is still pretty cute. Perhaps we could ask Pop to come up stay at the same time, too, now that Nicky is going to be running the farm and Bella shipping the wine?"
"Are you trying to to be a matchmaker for your Momma already, sweetheart? We haven't even started our own honeymoon yet!"
"Well, we better get going then, sweetie, it's about time we did something about starting those bambinos, so Merry Christmas, Uncle Manny, perhaps we'll see you next year."
"Not if I sees youse two foirst. Now get outta here, I got my prezzie to open!"


THE END


Tony Spencer
Is living in the UK and has been writing all his life, mostly sports reports with provincial newspapers and some factual works and now concentrating on fiction. Was a printer and proofreader for over 40 years and still freelancing as a 'corrector of the press'.
Facebook: Tony Spencer
Email: ae.spencer@btconnect.com
