KING
OF
AMERICA
*
K T BARR
*
This book is a work of fiction.
No part of the contents relate to any real person, persons, living, or dead.
ISBN No: 9781301496242
Published by K T Barr at Smashwords
 Copyright 2012 K T Barr
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission from the author
*
Prologue
Underneath the burning obsidian sky, indolently, he roams, oblivious of time or terminus. An asphyxiating fog swathed with the colours of hell envelopes his petrified being. Virtually sightless and gasping for breath; fear is his only abettor. He is alone. Upon instant recognition of this recurring nightmares environment, his mind shifts seamlessly from dread-riddled apprehension into a heightened state of mental terror; for he knows what lies ahead, he has been here before. As he wanders deeper into this horrendous and apocalyptic imagining of Earthly perdition, a city cleansed by the blood of the despairing slowly unveils through the overshadowing rubicund mist. This city, unrecognisable through the veil of magma-tinted vapour, could be any city, any city that is, that has been condemned to a fate of foul wretchedness and desolation. Now, as he meanders his way through the forsaken streets and alleyways he becomes aware of a presence, the presence of another. Its the woman again, the same woman that he always meets at this point, the raven-haired woman, and she is weeping. She is kneeling down on the kerb side, and as he walks over to talk to her, as he always does, she raises her head from her hands. Around her, the street level vapours begin to evaporate and, just as he anticipated, when he finally reaches her side, the dead on the ground begin to reveal themselves through the mist, their facial expressions locked in the twisted anguish of their departure, eyes haemorrhaging from blood-encrusted scleras.
He reaches down and grasps her by the arms in an effort to raise her to her feet, but as always, he only ends up hunkered down by her side. He looks deep into her distant and glassy eyes and, even though he knows what is coming next, asks her why she is crying. She offers no response.
Almost immediately her gaze lurches downward to the dead on the street, after which, in an unknown language of antiquity, she mouths some incoherent, fear-provoking, incantation.  His terror now intensifies to climactic proportions as he knows the end is near, knows destiny is calling him with outstretched skeletal arms beckoning for his embrace. And so begins the petrifying finale. In front of his eyes, the woman within his grasp dissolves to ash leaving the silts of her existence seeping through his fingers. All around him, the familiar sound of the groaning begins its unholy resonance once more and as he stands to his feet he knows exactly what is about to take place.
All around him, the dead begin to rise. And as he stands there motionless, incapable of movement, and totally encircled by their debauched appearances and gore-oozing carcasses, he can only look on helplessly as they begin to gouge their emaciated talon-like fingers deep into his flesh and bone. Giving in to their resolve, he drops to the ground, and as he looks up through the myriad of vengeful red eyes and hacking claws glutinous with his own meat, he can just make out the vaporous sky beginning to clear. Then, as a thousand more visions of the damned move in on him from the heavens above, he is dragged, mindful and flinching, down into the nefarious pit beneath, the pit, where all existence ends with the thing that lies in wait.
Chapter 1
San Diego, California, Tuesday August 4th 2020
Elias Penchansky awoke with a violent shockwave of dread piercing through his system. His eyes were open; however, his vision was severely distorted. Gasping for breath, tepid water flooded into his lungs.  An instinctive spasm jerked his torso upright and, just as his sight began to clear, he found himself vomiting the contents of his stomach into the lukewarm water that surrounded him. Now, conscious of his environment, he grasped the side of the bath with both hands and hauled himself up and over the rim, before allowing his body to drop onto the tiled floor beneath. Taking a few moments to catch his breath, he realised that, for the third time this month, he had fallen asleep in the tub.  Hoisting himself to his feet, he stepped over to the mirrored cabinet on the wall and stared at his reflection; he did not look good. Running a hand over his shaven head, he stared deep into his own eyes.
You need this vacation old man. he mumbled to himself, while wrapping a towel around his waist.
He was leaving early tomorrow morning; his destination was Anchorage, Alaska. The trip had been planned for months. One-week hunting caribou along the banks of the Noatak River, then after a short flight north, another seven days hunting moose and bear in the northern coastal town of Barrow. The thought of the trip brought a sudden flicker of relief across his sullen looking features and he actually detected the vaguest hint of a smile beginning to form on his lips. Suddenly, the piercing shrill of the telephone snapped him from his reflective musings. The call came in at 10.07 p.m., leaving the bathroom; he headed for the telephone in the bedroom and lifted the receiver.   
Commander Elias Penchansky? The caller enquired.
Yeah, who wants to know? 
The President of the United States would like to talk to you. He heard the muffled sound of the receiver being passed over. 
Elias, how are you doin? President Bane barked down the line.
Elias recognized the Republican Presidents jarring tone instantly; there was no need for further authentication. 
Just fine Clayton, Im all packed to go on vacation. Thought Id do a bit of hunting up in Alaska, you know, take it easy for a few weeks.  
Hunting eh. Bane replied, Well if its thrills youre after, Ive got the perfect assignment for ya.
Before Elias could get a word in edgeways, the fat man was on a roll.
Its no big secret youve always wanted to go to the moon Elias, twenty years as an astronaut and youve yet to step on its dusty surface, well nows your chance. 
Whats the- 
We have a little problem with our satellite-station surveillance base, you know, lunar outpost one, the moon base we built three years ago. 
Elias forced his way in this time.
Yeh, yeh, yeh, I know all about the base, I do work for NASA in case youd forgotten. And as I recall, after I assisted them with the necessary space shuttle modifications which actually enabled the assembly orbiters to not only reach, but in fact, land on the moon, I was then the only astronaut not allotted to take the construction crews up there, which given my twenty years of astronomical experience struck me as a little odd. So whats your problem?
Elias was met with silence from the other end of the line and a few awkward moments passed before the President continued. 
Listen Elias, what do you want me to say to you? You were busy with the shuttle Warrior project and numerous other things during the base construction, the timing wasnt right, whatever, thats all water under the bridge, the fact remains, we have a serious problem up there and Im asking you for your help. Now will you serve your country or wont you? 
Banes tone had now changed dramatically. This was the real Clayton Bane shining through. The fat scheming bastard that Elias hated and despised with a passion. He told himself to remain calm. 
Again, whats the problem Clayton and why the urgency? 
Bane regained his composure and remembered that riling Elias would only make matters worse. Calmly, he began to relate the specifics of the problem. 
Weve lost all communications with the base, nothing coming in nothing coming out, no visual, no radio and no email, complete and utter silence for the last seven days. Were worried that something untoward may have polluted their oxygen or water supply and that at this precise moment, the United States has ten dead researchers contaminating the outpost.  
Sounds like youre more concerned about the base than your researchers Clayton. Elias jibed. 
Bane ignored the remark and played his final hand. 
Look Penchansky, Im gonna level with you, Ive got no one else available at the moment with your degree of expertise, you are the only person in the world today capable of pulling this off, your country needs you damn it, now are you in or are you out?
Phone muteness again followed.
Elias was supposed to be going on vacation. The whole trip was already paid for, all ten-thousand dollars of it, and his official summer leave from NASA was tightly scheduled around the whole excursion. The timing could not have been worse. He knew the outcome was inevitable though, for as much as he hated Clayton Bane  eleven on a ten scale - when the President called you personally, you could never say no. He knew there was only one answer he could give.
Okay Clayton, Im in, but you owe me big time for this one. Ill catch the next available flight out of San Diego and be in D.C. by tomorrow lunchtime. 
Just get a move on Elias, we need you and your crew briefed for the mission and down to The Cape ASAP, we have no time to waste. 
The phone line went dead. Elias walked over to the dresser and opened his packed holdall. Leaving in the large silver item that rested on the bottom, he removed his hunting attire and tossed it dispassionately onto the floor, maybe next year he thought. Next, he opened the bedroom drinks cabinet  a huge wooden globe with the worlds continents carved into its surface withdrew a bottle of his favourite whisky and, after stuffing it into his luggage, squashed the top down, fastened it, and attached a tiny padlock to the zippers. 
He descended the oak spiral staircase into his large open plan kitchen. After decanting himself a large malt, he strolled out through the open French doors to gaze at the rolling black Pacific Ocean. The sun had set hours ago and the Del Mar evening sky was glittering with stars. He had bought the two-story Ocean Colony house on his native coastline because of its on the beach location but it was always the evenings under the unblemished southern California heavens that drew him out the most. It was quieter and cooler, which enabled him to think clearly about his impending retirement plans. One more year of hard graft and at only forty-eight years young, he would retire from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration a very rich, but very spent man. He drained his whisky and placed the glass down on the patio table. Walking back in to the kitchen, he sat down beside the phone. 
Better call the airline and change my flight details. he mumbled aloud. Would not want to keep the mighty President Bane waiting now would we?
Picking up the receiver, he dialled San Diego International airport.
*
Elias managed to exchange his 7.30 a.m. flight to Alaska with a 5.00 a.m. flight into Washington, D.C.   A few hours later, he was boarding the plane in San Diego. He was still half-asleep, and having trouble finding his seat, when a nice air steward named Bryce helped him out. Although Bryce was a little too touchy-feely for his liking - twice brushing his lower luggage against Elias shoulders as he stuffed his holdall into the overhead locker - he managed to locate his seat at the rear of the first class section with ease. 
Half an hour later, the 737 departed from San Diego and ten minutes after take-off the captain switched off the fasten seatbelt sign. Elias slackened his lap restraint belt and tilted the back of the leather chair as far as it would go, within a few moments he was dead to the world. Finally, he was peaceful.
*
Chapter 2
Washington, D.C. Wednesday August 5th 
Five hours into the flight, Elias was jolted from his slumber by the panicked echoes of screaming. Bryce the gay cavalier, in a clear state of alarm, was hot-footing it along the aisle towards the cockpit, and as Elias groggily surveyed his surroundings, he promptly noticed that the majority of the passengers in first class were either frenziedly fastening their seatbelts or clasping their hands in prayer.
What the hells going on? he bellowed out into the uproar. 
The only reply came from a small boy of maybe eleven or twelve years old who was kneeling around facing him from the seat in front.
Pilot says were coming in too fast something about the engines oh and were going to crash  where you been? 
Sleeping! Thats where Ive been you little shit, thanks for the warning!
As the engines cut out completely the screaming eased slightly and the cabin was doused in eerie silence. Elias then realised the plane had run out of fuel; a crash landing was now inevitable. In moments, the aircraft would hit the runway at two-hundred miles per hour and the only things that would be slowing them down were the wing flaps and the brakes.
He had practised crash landing 737s a number of times in the NASA flight simulator, all of which had ended in comprehensive disaster. Usually the plane grounded no problem, but after that you were in the lap of the gods. Nine times out of ten, a wing tip checked the runway and after grinding along the tarmac for a few seconds, it would abruptly burst into flames sending all passengers and crew into a spiralling fireball of death. Randomly charred corpses intertwined with twisted fuselage fragments disseminating on the melting tarmac were usually the only charred remnants of a landing catastrophe; well that and the flashing blue and red lights of the emergency service vehicles chunking over charred flesh and bone, crimson sinew splattering up into their tyre wells glutinous and sticky like congealed sacrificial plasma. 
He washed the images from his mind; there was nothing to be gained from envisioning a deathly scenario. On the upside, the wings were empty of fuel, so in this instance there was a good chance that they might just make it out alive.
Resisting his internal urge to rush to the cockpit and take over the controls, he instead chose to refasten his seatbelt and close his eyes hoping that the pilot would be skilled enough to land the 737 in one piece. Seconds later the plane smacked onto the runway with such force that his teeth actually chimed together. The pilot engaged full flaps and the fuselage shook with such violence Elias thought the wings were going to be ripped clean off. Halfway along the runway they were still travelling far too fast to stop and he knew that once you run out of tarmac, you run out of traction. The inevitable outcome was something rigid would bring the airliner to a halt. Adopting the customary brace position, he placed his head between his elbows and knees and lent forward against the seat in front, so that if the worst did happen, he could be easily identified via his dental records. Nearing the end of the runway the jet eventually started to slow a little; they were still going to crash, but there was now hope of survival; they might live to tell the tale. 
The runway border fence exploded as the aircrafts nose burst through the metal boundary, slid down a steep grassy banking and collided with the central reservation barricade of Interstate 29. Emergency escape procedure immediately followed and the cabin crew took charge. Elias snatched his holdall from the overhead locker then followed everyone else to the emergency exit at the front of the plane; leaping onto the inflatable chute protruding from the door, he slid down to safety. After gaining his bearings, he looked around at the dumbfounded motorists on the highway and decided he would hitch a ride the remainder of the way. 
The Interstate was in complete chaos. The huge body of the 737 was completely blocking the westbound carriageway and the outside lane of the eastbound, still he was headed east and apart from the rubberneckers, slowing the pace down, two of the three lanes was still passable with care. 
Jumping the buckled central reservation barrier into the slow moving eastbound traffic, he stuck his thumb out in front of a battered looking old station wagon and the balding driver and his woman passenger kindly stopped to offer him a ride. 
Chuck and Di Manson were on vacation from Pensacola, Florida and just happened to be passing as Elias stuck out his thumb to catch a lift. 
Hey there mister, Chuck grinned through the open drivers window, need a ride into town? 
Elias looked at the old man sitting behind the wheel and smiled. 
Thanksthat would be great. he replied somewhat hesitantly, before climbing into the back seat of the car. 
Im chuck and this is my wife Di, were on vacation from Florida, whats your name my friend? 
Elias Penchansky. 
Elias offered his hand and Chuck shook it with limp valour. 
Oh and the mutt in the back is Rufus, Di piped up, Im really sorry about the old boys smell, but hes been cooped up in the car for near on six hours. 
Elias stared at the black Labrador sitting behind him and gave him a sympathetic ear ruffle followed by a chin scratch. 
So where you headed son, Chuck asked, downtown?
Kinda, can you take me to the Whitehouse?  
No problem buddy. Di honey, get the kid a bruski out the cooler, looks like he needs one. 
Di obliged and sluggishly passed through a cold bottle of beer. Draining the entire bottle in one, Elias sat back and closed his eyes. 
*
At 11.30 a.m., the station wagon pulled up at the front entrance of the Whitehouse and Elias asked Chuck to drop him off at the gate. He now found himself standing alone at the gatehouse that served as the historic Presidential homes first line of defence. Walking up to the guard window, he flashed his NASA ID card. 
Names Penchansky, President Bane is expecting me. 
The security officer looked him up and down then without further question opened the gate. 
Get in the vehicle; Ill take you to the front door. 
Elias opened the passenger side door and jumped in and a few seconds later, the guard slouched in behind the wheel. 
Well be at the front door in two, he stated gruffly now buckle up. 
The vehicle shot off up the driveway before Elias had the chance to secure his seatbelt and less than thirty seconds later they had come to a shuddering stop at the main entrance to the Whitehouse. A few moments later, he was standing at the front door where he was met by a blonde-haired dwarf of Hawaiian appearance decked in black suit and sunglasses.
Commander Elias Penchansky? enquired the small person.   
In the flesh.
The President is expecting you, follow me. 
He was led past some dodgy looking security personnel, then through a myriad of corridors each with their own security detail, and eventually came to a halt outside the famous oval office. The small person knocked the Presidential office door, then devoid of any acknowledgment, opened it and ushered him into the large pastel coloured apartment. The President was sitting at his desk and in heated video conference on his laptop; the small computer screen image was being projected onto a massive plasma TV. 
Elias could see that Bane was talking with his film star girlfriend Kimberly Honeydew, and all was not well on the adultery front. The President made a come over gesture towards him then continued with his tte--tte. 
Clayton Bane had been all over the front pages of the newspapers for the last four weeks since his secret fling with the Texan model had been exposed. It turned out that one of his Senior Advisors, one Jack Conner, had turned him in for a high price and had never looked back since. Conner had been cleaning the oval office six weeks ago and accidently came across thirty-seven emails on the Presidents computer from Ms Honeydew, most of which were very explicit. If they were printed out and somehow got into the wrong hands, they could potentially be sold to the highest bidder. So Conner did just that, pocketing himself and his wife Briana, two-point-two-million dollars. Up until that point, President Clayton Bane had been in office for three years, and up until six weeks ago, the forty-eight-year-old farmers son from Iowa, did not have a single known blemish on his political record. Now though, he found himself on a damage limitation exercise to try and keep his job, not to mention what he had to do to pacify his wife Sally and teenage daughter Kelsy. 
Well youre going! And thats that! A car will pick you up tonight around six; make sure youre ready bitch! Or so help me god, Ill finish you without a flicker. 
Clayton slammed down the screen of his laptop cutting off the image of Kimberly with her face in a twist.  
Elias sat himself down in one of the red leather chairs in front of the Presidential desk and now found himself staring at the sorry ass sight that was President Clayton Bane. How could such a fit and athletic former SOCOM Marine turn into this panicky sweating bulbous oaf?  And the comb over hair let it go already, youre BALD!  
Elias, hows it going, what you been up to? Bane asked, his chubby face turning a deeper shade of red. 
I am just fine Clayton and Ive not been up to anything, which is more than I can say for you. I read all about your little fling with Ms Honeydew.  
Ah, your familiar with her work then Elias, so what do you think of herquite a piece of talent eh? he teased.
The animosity between the two men was overwhelmingly apparent, and as both stared at each other with obvious distrust, both knew the wounds that lay in their past would take a long time to heal.  The main bone of contention was the Mallorca incident. Elias felt he had been left to take all the flak for what had happened all those years ago, and Clayton chastising him for making a fuss over apparently nothing, did not help matters any. 
Both men had been on special operations back in 94 and were posted together on a top-secret mission. They were dropped under the cover of darkness into a town called Magaluf in the Spanish Balearic island of Mallorca and their mission was to find and extract two high-ranking U.S. navy officers that had gone missing while on leave in the town. All Elias and Clayton had to go on were two names scribbled onto the back of two old photographs, the officers identities being strictly classified because of their rank and position, made it impossible for the operatives to simply go around showing the snapshots to all and sundry on the street asking if they recognized them.
Executive officer Captain Dan Lyons and Command Master Chief Jimi The Hitman Hope were notorious womanisers and drunkards, so it was no surprise to Elias that they were the sailors in question.  
  Elias and Clayton had been dropped off in the centre of town by U.S. secret service agents who were working in the region nearby, and it took them almost four hours of crawling through the myriad of bars and clubs until they eventually found the AWOL officers in a rundown strip joint called Fantasy Nine.  
What went down in the following hour adversely affected both men forever. 
Elias and Clayton opened the front door of the club and were instantly confronted by two naked women, a heavyset well-rounded blonde thing with astronomically pimped-out hubcaps and a skinny brittle boned redhead that looked like she survived solely on lettuce and baby-gravy. Elias then pulled out his ID and flashed it to the hookers.
Were here on official Navy business! He remembered shouting out over the outflowing din, before both foetid senoritas had ogled him and Clayton up and down. 
I think you boys might have the wrong club. The lumpy blonde one had then suggested. Youll be looking for club Big-Boy, its three streets down on the left.
In no mood to be chastised, they had barged past the fishy welcoming committee to take in the full revulsion of their surroundings. Naked women were dancing everywhere they looked. They were on the tables, on the dance floor, at the bar and in the darkly lit meandering aisles in front of them. They were in cages high up in the rafters and in sordid candlelit booths protruding from the filthy encircling walls. Neither had ever encountered such depraved behaviour in public before; with the exception of Navy training camp, but that was just men and boys having fun and bonding. 
Suddenly out of nowhere, Clayton just freaked out, withdrew his weapon, and locked the arms infrared sight to the top of a glittering disco ball affixed to centre of the ceiling. He then began to let loose the guns full load against its shimmering circumference. Hysteria ensued. Throngs of semi-clad and completely naked women and their clientele began fleeing from the club through every exit, and miraculously, within all of that mass of naked quivering flesh and petrified patrons, Elias managed to spot the two AWOL officers lying impassive in a small booth in the corner of the room. The operatives barged their way through the panic- stricken crowd eventually tunnelling their way over towards the booth where the two officers lay comatose. The two-man rescue party then hoisted the used up navy men onto their shoulders and swiftly carried their dead-weighted bodies out from the seedy club and into the balmy August evening air. 
The street was in chaos, and the wailing sound of police sirens could be heard only a few blocks away. It was at that moment Elias took charge. He ran out in front of a passing taxi, stopped it dead in its tracks, and threw open the back door. After dumping the officer, he was laden with onto the back seat, hed yelled across at Clayton to do the same thing with his man. Once all were safely inside the cab, Elias ordered the driver to take then to Palma harbour. 
Just under an hour later, the taxi reached the dockside where the sailors ship  the USS George Washington - was in port. Elias and Clayton extracted the two drunken officers from the cab, laid their inebriated bodies down on the pier and then paid the driver his fare  plus a fruitful tip to keep things hush-hush. After the cab had pulled away Clayton Bane had turned towards Elias with an ear to ear grin.
Well that all worked out fine didnt It? he had quaffed ignorantly.
Worked out fine, is that what you just said, worked out fine? Elias had raged. Youre a freakin liability Bane!  You lost the plot soldier and if it wasnt for my resilience and quick thinking wed both be locked up in a Spanish jail cell by now.
Banes grin then eased slightly. Whats the matter Penchansky, you afraid of a little excitement, a little adrenalin pumping through your veins?
Elias could no longer hold back his anger and swiftly withdrew his weapon before jamming the business end firmly against Banes chest.
You gonna shoot me? Bane had smirked. 
Elias instantly pulled back the pistols hammer, stared directly into Clayton Banes eyes, and pulled the trigger. The resulting explosion was deafening and caused both men to tumble back off their feet and clatter onto the damp concrete dockside. It took Bane a further few moments to realise that indeed, he had not been shot, but humiliatingly, the shockwave of the detonation had still caused him to empty his bowels into his pants.
Blanks asshole there just blanks. Elias had hollered over to the pathetic and now rancid smelling, Clayton Bane.
Elias got to his feet, and just as he was about to lend a helping hand to his now demeaned and grounded comrade, all hell broke loose from above. The sound of the gunshot must have alerted the ships watch crew who were now frantically manning their stations in regulation time. Suddenly the whole dockside was illuminated with the blinding incandescence of a searchlight and within seconds, the light operator had the perpetrators of the ruckus in his sights. 
Elias hauled Clayton to his feet and shoved him in the direction of the harbour entrance.
Go! hed roared at him, the only instruction he could think of at the time. 
Both men then fled from the scene of their misdemeanour, and as they ran along the dockside and rounded the exit gates, Elias knew that they had technically failed in their mission. They were supposed to find the missing navy men and deliver them covertly and securely back on-board ship, but with the intense argument and subsequent gunshot, that had become beyond the realms of possibility. The secrecy of the operation had been compromised, and, as far as he was concerned, it was all Clayton Banes irrational doing. Once they had made good their escape, the two operatives had bolted straight for Palma de Mallorca Airport where, after having kept their heads low for five hours, they finally secured a flight to the U.S. As for the comatose officers on the dockside, Elias could only assume that they had made it back on-board ship eventually. He never heard another word about the matter, no questions, no enquiry and fortunately no repercussions, but he knew, in his heart of hearts, that that single incident could have terminated his glittering military career forever, and for that reason alone, he never forgave Clayton Bane for the bedlam he had instigated that dreadful night back in the summer of ninety-four. 
Twenty-six years later and he was sitting across from Clayton Bane once more and he knew exactly what his next question was going to be.
So Clayton, sorry Mr President sir, you still wearing those old soiled pants from ninety-four, or are they a little close-fitting on you these days?   
Bane, sensitive to Penchanskys smooth-tongued comment held up his hands in capitulation. 
Comon Elias, that was a very long time ago, the water and bridge thing again, I mean look at you. You are NASAs top guy, their main man. You have achieved everything youve ever wanted in life well almost everything 
Bane caught Penchanskys eye again, this time he allowed himself a wry smile.
Elias knew this was his last opportunity to go to the moon, after all thats why he was here, he just resented the fact that it was being given to him by a man he despised. 
Bane continued, You can have anything you want if you help me out Elias anything your soul desires, just name your price. 
Elias took a second to contemplate his answer and then looked the President straight in the eyes. 
I want one-million dollars, He stated assertively, and a guarantee. 
A guarantee of what? Bane asked.
A guarantee that we will never come across each other again.
Bane nodded his bulbous head in agreement. Like I said Elias, anything you want.
*
Six hours after their initial meeting, and after Elias had had a few hours rest and a bite to eat, Clayton Bane summoned him back into the oval office. 
He opened the top drawer of his desk to reveal a bottle of twenty-year-old Scotch whisky and two crystal glasses. Without asking, he poured Elias a large measure of the golden elixir, told him to sit down, and then began to elaborate on the mission stratagem.  
Operational procedures will initiate at 7.30 p.m. tonight. he began. You and your five crewmembers will fly down to the Kennedy Space Centre in Florida by helicopter, then tomorrow morning, after some adequately abbreviated pre-launch procedures, you will depart from launch pad 39A  at 11.00 a.m. on a twenty-four hour mission to the moon and back. 
The President switched on a small digital projector and the image of a grey-cratered lunar landscape appeared on a large screen attached to the wall. Bane picked up a small laser pointer pen, aimed its red dot at the screen, and then continued.
Approximately nine hours after launch you and your crew will be within the jurisdiction of the pre-designated lunar landing zone, after-which, you will then be required to initiate the orbiter Warriors planetary touchdown. 
The small red laser dot was now wavering on what appeared to be a small square of grey-cratered ground.
Next, you and four pre-designated crewmembers will make your way to the Warriors rear airlock where you will suit up in configuration two lunar EVA suits then exit the orbiter from the rear airlock hatch. 
Bane moved the dot down slightly and Elias questioned why? After all, wouldnt they be in the exact same spot as the landing zone; this guy was just way retarded. 
Bane continued, You will then slowly proceed across the lunar surface until you locate the base entrance where you will need to gain entry via the front airlock access door. This door apparently has a numerical control panel entry system attached to it; therefore, you will need to type in the passcode to gain access. The encryption code for this panel is programmed into the Warriors computer system so you will need to download it manually before disembarkation. Once youre all safely in the airlock, you will need to check if the oxygen levels are sustainable before removing your helmets. If the chambers oxygen supply light glows green, you will be free to explore the base unrestricted and devoid of piggybacking around your portable life support systems. If on the other hand the light is shining red, you will be forced to explore the outpost suited up However, there is always the possibility that you could activate the oxygen supply manually, but as we are unsure of the core conditions of the outpost, you will just have to wait and assess the situation first-hand. 
Bane switched off the laser pen and turned around.
Oh, and one more piece of friendly advice Elias, it might be best if you left your trademark Gung Ho attitude on-board the orbiter for this one, this is a serious situation we have here and I cannot afford any more controversy understand?
Elias drew Bane a look of hatred, if it wasnt for that Gung Ho attitude you would have been some deviants bitch in a Mallorca prison cell he thought to himself.
What about my crew, where are they, who are they? he questioned. 
Your crew are being briefed in the boardroom as we speak Commander.
Bane withdrew his gaze and pressed the intercom button on his desk.
Lokepa, bring Commander Penchanskys crewmembers into the oval office; its time for some introductions. 
A moment later there was a knock on the Presidents door and the small person with the suit and sunglasses strode in followed by four identically dressed people all garbed in white tracksuits. As they lined up in the centre of the office, the President announced their names in a left to right order.
Elias stared at the individuals Lokepa the blonde haired dwarf had just ushered into the room; he did not require the roll call, he recognised them all. 
First up from the left was Kimberly Honeydew. The twenty-three-year-old blonde bombshell out of Dallas was standing with her hands on her hips and with a frown on her face the size of Texas. What the hell was she doing on this mission? He wondered. Still, he could certainly see what Clayton Bane saw in her. The self-proclaimed Dallas Dominatrix had the figure of a Greek goddess with the kawangas to match, and that slinky caboose was possibly the finest in the land.  
 Next in line was Peter Van Velsen. He knew Peter from a previous mission back in 04. The Old Dutchman as he was referred to, was a world renowned geologist and physicist and was always an asset to any astronomical assignment. Unfortunately, he was very timeworn though and nobody knew his rightful age, the standard guess being seventy. 
Next up was Saudi pilot, Assamo Al-Nassar. The thirty-two-year-old top gun from Riyadh was head hunted from the Royal Saudi Arabian Air Force by the U.S. Air Force chief of staff himself. He was immediately recognisable from his long flowing wispy goatee and mustache. After completing two years service on the frontline, the talent spotters at NASA had swiftly signed him up for the shuttle program with no questions asked. Elias had not seen much of him in the last few years but knew the man was a class act, not to mention a complete head case!   
The last character was Dr Nelson Catts. He had met the seven-foot tall African American scientist a few times before; he was not an easy man to forget. Head of the governments Military Genetics Engineering Program in Washington, D.C. the thirty-nine-year-olds reputation preceded him wherever he went. He was in the elite society of his clique and was always the first to forward a solution to any bioengineering problem. The only downside to his character was that Nelson had not one ethical bone in his body, hence his moniker  the Afro of Death. Which was in fact, a vulgar departmental in joke comparing him to Dr Josef Mengele  the angel of death - and infamous Second World War Nazi physician at Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp. This was unfair though as Nelsons principles may be slightly askew, but he was not an immoral fiend like Mengele. 
At that moment in time there was an additional knock on the oval office door, only this time whoever was on the other side did not immediately let themselves in.
Enter! Bane bellowed.
The door swung open and the colossal figure of a man kitted out in black army fatigues stood valiant in the recess. Penchanskys blood instantly turned to ice. Major Yuri Rykov his Muscovite nemesis - was blocking the doorway with a smile on his lips almost as wide as his stance. 
So Commander, we meet again. the Russian thundered. 
What the hell are you doing here Rykov? 
The mercenary removed his camo peaked cap to reveal a thick dirty blonde mane, spiky on top, with mullet back and sides.
I am here to help you out Commander. 
Help me out! Elias spat back, Tell me Rykov, why the fuck would I need your help? 
The Russian looked him straight in the eyes and shot him a smile.
Simple Commander, you need my professional withdrawal capabilities and my muscle. You seriously think that this bunch of retarded weaklings will be of any use evacuating researchers from a desolated lunar outpost? His grin broadened when he saw Penchanskys face drop slightly, his point had been made and Elias knew it was a valid argument. Besides this crew were all brains  with the exception of the skirt  and no brawn. 
Elias turned his fury toward the President.
Nice little surprise Bane, he seethed, If Id known this piece of shit was on the crew I would have told you to go screw yourself.
Clayton Bane just smiled. Thats why I kept that little nugget a secret Elias, like you just said, you would never have agreed to come on the mission if youd known that major Rykov was going to be on-board. I need my best men on this assignment and he just happens to be one of them, failure is not an option Commander.  
Elias gazed across at his crew, and wondered if this mission was doomed for disaster.  He had a company that consisted of an insane scientist  Nelson Catts  a long in the tooth geologist  Peter Van Velsen  a hot-headed pilot  Assamo Al-Nassar  a pornstar  Kimberly Honeydew  and the ruthless Russian mercenary Yuri Rykov. It had all the makings of a disaster movie.   
His concentration was rudely interrupted by the intercom speaker on the Presidents desk. 
Marine one ready for embarkation on the south lawn sir. informed the voice.
The President looked around at his six astronauts and wished at least four of them dead, especially that pond scum Elias Penchansky he would suffer though, and he would make sure that bastard ended his days on this mission, that was a promise.
Right crew, thats your heli ready. Bane declared. Take it easy, and rememberyour country needs you.
 Lokepa - the dwarf with attitude - began escorting the crew towards the oval office door. As Elias rose from his chair and began to follow his crew out the door, he turned and glanced back towards the President. Your country needs you, he seethed under his breath, youre such a dick-wad.
*
Marine one lifted off from the Whitehouse front lawn at 7.30 p.m., and approximately one hour later, landed at Seymour Johnston Air Force Base in North Carolina to refuel. 
Forty-five minutes later, it was back on-route down to the Cape, finally touching down inside Kennedy Space Centre at 10.15 p.m. As all five crewmembers prepared themselves for exit, a deafening growl of thunder bellowed from the heavens above. 
Elias, staring out the window, and just prayed it was not a portent of forthcoming doom.
*
Chapter 3
London, England, Wednesday August 5th
British Prime Minister Charles Frederick was standing at the bar in the 3rd floor formal lounge of his luxury townhouse in Belgravia, London. 
The four stories high Georgian building had been his first foray into the property market almost thirty years ago and he still adored the place with a passion. He was just an aristocratic seventeen-year-old starting out in the world of conservative politics when he had chanced upon its sale. A little distressed looking on the outside and in need of some interior building work and redecoration on the inside, but for a meagre 3.6 million he had taken his first step on the bottom rung of a very tall ladder. Even after he took a bride and moved into Windsor Hall,  the three-hundred-year-old family mansion in Buckinghamshire - he refused to sell it, claiming that it was a great investment for their future and it would always come in useful when they were in central London for functions and such like. He poured himself a large Louis XIII de Remy Martin Cognac and after relishing a large mouthful, quickly refilled his glass. 
This evening he was eagerly awaiting the arrival of his flavour of the month call girl Tiffany Trimbush or TT for short. The nineteen-year-old, Soho It girl did not come cheap, but thats what government expense accounts were for. It was just an entertainment outlay after all, and he is the Prime Minister of Great Britain. The fact that TT was coming over was not his foremost source of merriment though, because less than an hour ago he had been in profound conversation with the jubilant U.S. President, Clayton Bane. 
The President had called him to seek confirmation that the large metal storage crates marked for the Special Military Air Squadron, that hed dispatched yesterday, had been received without hindrance or complication, joking that hed had to send them on his private C-17 Globemaster cargo plane because DHL would probably have lost them. Charles had confirmed that hed received confirmation of their arrival at RAF High Wycombe Air Force base earlier that morning and that upon unwrapping the contents, his man at the base had found the large metal cylindrical containers unscathed from their ordeal, light-heartedly adding that had the containers been breached in any way his man would not have signed for them. The President had also called to reassure him that the little lunar problem that was left behind, would be eradicated within the next twenty-four hours and that he would also be getting rid of another old problem of his own at the same time. This is very pleasing news, very pleasing news indeed, Charles had informed him, and if all went to plan they could immediately initiate phase two of Operation Reprisal. Satisfied with their conversation they both agreed to keep in touch over the following hours. Charles hung up the phone in elated mood and, fancying a diminutive celebration, had immediately called on the talented Tiffanys services. 
Now, as he stood at his bar and quaffed down yet another mouthful of the luxurious deep-amber elixir, he finally began to wind down and could physically feel the strains and anxieties of recent days vacate his system. At that juncture, the doorbell rang and the PM sauntered down one flight of stairs to the front entrance on the second level to gaze through the peephole, it was Tiffany Trimbush. He ran his fingers through the front of his dark greasy fringe in a vain attempt to poof it up over his crowning bald patch, and then opened the front door.
Tiffany  the latex mistress  Trimbush was standing under the white stone-pillared canopy that sheltered the mansion entrance, her bulky bag of tricks dangling sensuously from her left arm.  
Hi TT darling, you look absolutely ravishing as usual. he leered. Please sweetie, come in, you know your way down to the dungeons dont you?  
As he watched TT enter the mansion a smile formed on his lips, the perfect end to the perfect day he thought. This is going to be a good week.   
*
Chapter 4
Orlando, Florida, Thursday August 6th
After disembarking from Marine One, all six astronauts were escorted from the helicopter landing pad and over into the NASA operations and checkout building at the heart of the Kennedy Space Centre. Under normal conditions the pre-launch interrogation party as Elias liked to call it, would have been the next standard step, but that would normally take four days, not the twelve hours that they had remaining. There was no time for the usual procedure that the four day window allowed for. He thought about his usual monotonous itinerary and smiled to himself delighted that all the habitual pre-launch bullshit would not be adhered to.
The pre-countdown status briefing, the aeronautical research update news conference, the future missions and launches news conference, the prelaunch news conference and lastly, the mind-numbingly tedious International Space Station news conference. Mercifully, there was no time for all that mundane customary space talk; this mission was straight out of the frying pan and into the fire. 
After a quick pre-launch consultation with NASA director John Spiker, the crew were then confined to their quarters until breakfast. At 6.00 a.m. the crewmembers were rounded up and escorted into the dining hall - nicknamed the last supper-room - and were dispensed with the luxury astronaut breakfast of grilled lobster tails and baked potato with butter and sour cream, or if they preferred, they could opt for the standard mix of sausage, bacon, eggs and beans.
Once breakfast was over, Elias and his crew were taken directly into to the suit-up room holding area where their configuration one constellation space suits  Pumpkin coloured launch and re-entry pressure suits capable of withstanding emergency depressurisation - were laid out and waiting for them. Each crewmember was then individually ushered into their own private side chamber and slipped into a Liquid Cooling and Ventilation Garment  LCVG,  a long-sleeve, long-pant, thermal underwear ensemble lined with tubes, through which, cooling water flows after the spacesuit is fitted  then ushered back out into the central assembly zone. 
After being dressed, Elias opened his compartment door and stepped out into the main changing room floor area where Yuri, Nelson, Assamo and Peter were already present. At that moment, the last remaining crewmember strode out of the changing cubicle and paraded her way into the centre of the room. His jaw dropped at the first sight of Kimberly Honeydew in her LCVG and the phrase camel toe was the first thing that raced into his mind. Her pants were tight, extremely tight, and also exceptionally revealing. To supplement the look, her long blonde hair was tightly braided on either side of her head into schoolgirl pigtails, which were clamped together with silver skull clasps. He and the rest of the crew gawped in awe at the spectacle in front of them. 
Does my butt look big in this? she asked complacently. 
NO! came the unanimous shout. 
Subsequently the astronauts were then shepherded into the suit-up room where each crewmember climbed into their one-piece pumpkin coloured outfit with the assistance of several united space alliance insertion technicians. Next, the emergency oxygen bottles were installed into their harnesses and their suits liquid cooling systems were checked for leaks. All crewmembers were then zipped up. Next to be attached were the boots, helmets and gloves, all of which were locked into place via connecting metal rings, after which their entire rigout was tested for pressure leaks, before their helmets and gloves were arduously removed again until the team were safely seated inside the shuttle. The suit techs then packed the crews pockets with survival items including flares, waterproof flashlights and radios, all of which being relatively inadequate, however typical, launch catastrophe survival items. 
Elias and his makeshift crew immediately left the suit-up room for the launch pad and rode the elevator down to the ground level where the infamous NASA silver Astrovan  a modified Airstream motorhome - awaited their arrival. 
Once inside the van, the astronauts plugged their suits into the individual ventilator units set at each seat to avoid overheating in their heavy garb, then sat back and relaxed for the nine-mile trip to the launch pad.  
As the bus drew closer to its destination, the awesome spectacle of the Space Shuttle Warrior came into view. Securely attached to launch tower 39A, is massive silvery white bulk glinted radiantly in the early morning sunshine. The awe-inspiring sight rushed a tremor of exhilaration through the Commanders system and he could not hold back a verbal whoop of excitement in anticipation of what followed next. Now, he could not wait to be back on-board  makeshift crew or not  because he knew that in less than three hours time he would be rocketing off American soil and heading to a destination where very few men have ever ventured before. Moreover, the icing on the cosmic cake, he would be back in command of his beloved SS Warrior. 
When NASA concluded its regular space shuttle program after the orbiter Atlantis touched down in July 2011, Elias had thought that his days of cosmological space flight had finally come to an end. But, only two years later, NASA realised they had made a huge mistake in terminating what was, after all, an extremely successful way of interstellar travel and came to the conclusion that to move their interplanetary program forward all they really had to do was build a larger, lighter and updated orbiter model based on their extremely effective and longstanding shuttle design. Therefore, in 2017, after taking four years to build, the Commander and NASA finally unveiled the prodigy of contemporary engineering that was the remarkable and ingenious Space Shuttle Warrior, the next generation of space orbiter had been born. Its overall length and wingspan was twice that of the old timeworn orbiters but thanks to the design teams ingenious use of modern materials such as iridium, osmium, and super carbon-fibre, the shuttles total weight was almost half that of the older designs. The key design features of the all-new revolutionary space shuttle integrated all the intuitive assemblies recommended for 21st century interplanetary exploration and beyond. 
The foremost features of the new-fangled shuttle being, the massive internal fuel tanks, the inclusion of the Internal Atmosphere Control System  IACS for short  which actually enables the crew to control the atmosphere and gravity inside the orbiter, the world-shattering attachment of the Variable Specific Impulse Magneto-plasma Rockets  VASIMR  which are electromagnetic orbiter thrusters that bridge the gap between high-thrust, low-specific impulse, and low-thrust, high-specific impulse propulsion systems and enable the Warrior to travel at speeds of up to seventy-two-thousand miles per hour; facilitating a trip to the moon in under ten hours and a return trip to mars in under forty days. Lastly, the team developed the underbelly and wing mounted Delta V variable control rocket boosters, making it possible for the shuttle to land or take off vertically from any non-atmospheric planetary surface. All of the systems Elias helped design and innovate and the Commander was the only one able to utilise all the Warriors features to the max.
Still hyped up from his daydreaming, Elias hardly noticed the Astrovan begin to slow down and come to a stop outside the launch tower. Once stopped, Commander and crew were assisted from the bus and into the compact launch tower service elevator for the three-hundred foot high ride up the reformed service structure to the White Room - the small room that connects the launch tower to the shuttles crew entrance. Finally, at the top, Elias and crew exited the elevator and walked the yellow brick road - the sixty-five foot access arm walkway - to the bronzed entrance doors of the White Room.  
Waiting for them on the other side of the entry door were seven members of the closeout crew. This elite team comprised of two United Space Alliance suit technicians to aid them with the final closure of their suits, an astronaut support person, plus four additional USA employees from Kennedy. On every occasion, they always took up most of the space inside the cramped white chamber, making it only possible for three astronauts to be readied at one time.  As Elias opened the doors to meet the team he immediately observed a rather striking and out of the ordinary sight. Against the back wall, and looking rather out of place, loomed the gorgeous figure of Ivana Vasilyevich, Ms NASA herself.  Dressed from head to toe in a white NASA flight suit and moon boots, Ivanas hairstyle could not have been more of a contrast. Her thorny long bob locks were as black as a panther and she instantly reminded him of the Egyptian Queen, Cleopatra. Upon catching the Commanders eye, the glamorous European forced him a counterfeit smile, then swathed her way through the throng to shake his hand. 
Flight Commander Penchansky, on behalf of NASA and President Bane, I would like to invite you and your crew on board the SS Warrior.
Thank-you Ms Vasilyevich. was all he could muster in return.  
Not in the mood for ceremony, Elias immediately ordered Kimberly, Nelson and Peter into the White Room to be the first to get ready and seated inside the shuttle, with that done it was the turn of Yuri, Assamo and himself. 
Once they too were suited and sealed, with parachute harnesses installed and snoopy caps  communications headsets  attached, they too were aided through the orbiters crew hatch and into their seats. The four seats in the back were occupied by Yuri on the left, Kimberly and Peter in the centre and Nelson on the right side. In the front, Assamo was on the right side and Elias, who was last to climb aboard, sat in the Commanders chair on the left. 
After the six astronauts were all seated and strapped in, they attached their gloves and helmets and Elias thanked the closeout team for their excellent work in preparing the Warrior at such short notice. Just before the orbiters crew hatch was closed and checked for leaks, the Commander had a brief glance around at his crewmembers to make sure they were all A- Okay. Assamo was already busying himself checking the cockpit switch configurations and performing the air-to-ground voice checks with launch and mission control.  The crew in the back, although they all appeared a little wide-eyed, seemed to handling their pre-launch nerves just fine. Elias looked at the display timer; it read T-20 mins and holding, only a no-go could stop them now. Just at that moment, a commotion began to flare up in the White Room followed, a split second later, by Ivana Vasilyevichs form rupturing through the gathered technicians and crashing against the crew access door entrance. Tears were streaming down her face. The Russian swiftly leant over into the orbiter and grasped Yuri Rykov by the arm raising his gloved left hand to her face. 
Yuri my darling, she wept, you must reconsider the perilous implications of this assignmentyou are not invincible. Please my love, reconsider, you are all that I have in this world.
Yuri raised his right hand to clasp Ivanas head in a gloved embrace.
Please my sweetheart save your cries and do not worry. he consoled. Everything will work out just fine, and when I return, I promise you, nothing will ever come between us and we will live together for time eternal. 
As the whole staff and crew gaped at the lovers theatrical spectacle, Nelson callously sniggered aloud.
So Rykov, how long have you and Ivana been getting jiggy with it? he japed.
Yuri turned to stare over at the scientist with Ivanas head still clamped in his hands.
Why dont you mind your own business nigger? he seethed, or I might just have to send your scientific black ass back to the cotton fields.
The Muscovites racist remark against a fellow crewmember proved to be the last straw, and Elias instantly ordered the closeout crew to seal the door. Ivana was hauled from the hands of her Russian beloved and dragged back into the confines of the White Room. With Ivana removed from Yuris clutches, the closeout crew immediately sealed and locked the orbiters access door, after which followed the complete White Room closeout and their retreat away to the fall-back area three miles away. 
Inside the Warriors cockpit, the countdown clock had changed from T-20 minutes and holding to T-20 minutes and counting. Elias checked that the shuttles on-board computer system had auto-switched onto launch configuration  which it had  and then he proceeded to close the orbiters cabin vent valves. Next came T-9 minutes and holding which was the Commanders cue to activate the flight recorders, straight after which T-9 minutes and counting began. At T-7 minutes, the orbiter access arm was finally retracted and at T-5 minutes the auxiliary power units were armed. T-2 minutes the crew closed and locked their visors and seventy seconds later the SS Warrior transferred from ground to internal power. The Commander turned towards his pilot to focus his full attention on the imminent lift-off. T- 31 seconds ground launch sequencer was go for auto sequence start. T-10 seconds activate main engine hydrogen burn-off system. T- 6 seconds main engine start, then finally the moment they had all been waiting for, T-0 seconds solid rocket booster ignition. 
The SS Warriors engines roared to life and the shuttle shook violently with the enormous and sudden power surge. Elias was now in his element. This is what his life was all about. He was the designer and Commander of his very own fifty-billion dollar space shuttle and he was about to take the trip of a lifetime to the lunar surface; the Commander in him now took charge. 
Dead on 11.00 a.m. the shuttle launched.
Houston we have lift-off! he screamed into his snoopy cap. 
The Space Shuttle Warrior blasted off from the tower. The rest of the crew were in anxious shock and only offered a pungent stench in response. The shuttle was now in full launch procedure and when the Commander glanced at the altitude gauge, it read 3000ft, so far so good he thought. The shuttle increased in velocity and the crew were vacuumed to the back of their seats with the ferocious G force. 
Elias checked the altimeter again and the needle was now fluctuating around so fast he could hardly focus on it, 30000ft; 45000ft; 60000ft; 80000ft.  Two minutes after take-off the Commander ordered Assamo to jettison the booster rockets, not long now and they would be in low Earth orbit or out the other side as he liked to call it, and a few moments later the altimeter reading was 393000ft. 
The external fuel tank gauge was now in the red zone so it was time to eject the chambers depleted bulk. Assamo looked over at Elias and pointed to the external fuel tank jettison button, which was flashing on the control panel. 
Fire away. the Commander agreed.
Assamo pushed the eject button and the redundant fuel tank instantly uncoupled from the Warrior. They had made it safely into orbit. 
*
President Bane had watched the shuttle launch from the comfort of the oval office. He had been on the phone to Charles Frederick the whole time and both men agreed that phase two of their operation would come into effect as soon as the problem on the moon had been eradicated. Bane then informed Frederick that once the base was destroyed, his next step would be to fly over to London and pick him up in person. He would then ditch his family, and both men could fly back to Washington, D.C. to continue operations from the Whitehouse. To the world at large, their London rendezvous was going to look like an impromptu stopover en-route to Tuscany for his two-week family vacation. Charles Frederick congratulated Bane on his forethought and hung up the phone. 
At that point, he grinned, stood up and walked over to the window of his private Westminster office. Staring out over the great river Thames, he suddenly felt the need to say a prayer for his fellow Londoners and countrymen. He clasped his hands together and bowed his head in solace.  
Dear Lord, he began, Let the sewer rats and lunatics overrun this desolate and bankrupt city, for I have no use for it anymore, and to the scant leftovers, whose meaning of life is simply survival, may the only purpose of your existence, be death, long live the King. Amen. 
*
Chapter 5
Interplanetary Void, Thursday August 6th 
Elias relaxed in the Warriors command seat sensationally calmed that they had made it out of Earths atmosphere without a hitch. He turned to his pilot then asked him if he was contented with everything on the flight deck. 
Everything is operational Commander and primed to ignite magneto-plasma rockets. Assamo confirmed. 
In that case, go ahead and employ VASIMR. 
Assamo turned towards the Commander with a grin across his face wider than the Red Sea, his anticipation of pulling the big red handled lever on the flight deck being overwhelmingly apparent. 
Well pull it then. Elias smiled back with a wink of rapport.
Needing no more coercion, the pilot heaved back on the VASIMR control lever and the orbiter Warrior responded instantaneously. The time lag from full lever down to magneto-plasma rocket propulsion was five seconds at most, and then, after what appeared to be an infinitesimal flux in time, the shuttle ghostly raced from its natural Earth orbiting speed of seventeen-thousand miles per hour up to its maximum capability of seventy-two-thousand miles per hour. The shuttles transition in velocity was so smooth that directly behind Commander and pilot, the rest of the crew seemed by and large entirely oblivious to their colossal change in pace.
Now that the Warrior was traveling at its maximum output, Elias turned back to his smiling pilot.   
Switch on the internal atmosphere control system so we can unbuckle our harnesses without floating around. 
The pilot pulled down on the titanium lever marked IACS and a sudden gust of cool crisp air flooded the flight deck. He then asked Assamo to check the lunar landing coordinates in the Warriors mainframe synchronization system and recognized from the computer check that they were headed for the Procellarum Kreep Terrane on the moons west nearside. 
With that done, and the orbiter flying on autopilot, Elias announced to the crew that they were now free to get up and go check out their quarters, where they could remove their gloves and helmets and store them in the chambers locker. All five crew instantly stood up and departed for their personal resting zones. Elias rose from his seat and headed to his own room with the intention of catching a few hours shuteye before it was time to come back and check on the Warriors lunar progress. He made his way out of the flight deck following behind the other crewmembers, along the white-walled thoroughfare passed the small communal lounge bar area, and into a corridor lined with six adjacent doors. Each door had the appellation of its indented occupant clearly labelled on its faade, with Penchanskys door being the first on the left. 
Each one of the six crew-quarters was very spacious and well designed. They all contained an outsized double cot style bed, large screen TV, minibar come food storage compartment and a giant walking-in locker. Whats more, because of the Warriors IACS gravity device, all the units were equipped with an en-suite toilet and shower compartment.
Elias opened the door of his chamber, switched on the lights, and walked over to his locker. He removed his gloves and helmet and tucked them neatly inside adjacent to one of the standard NASA medic-kits adjoined to the inside of the compartment. He then looked to make sure that his personal holdall had been checked into the correct room locker, which it had. He eased the bag open to reveal the secret stash of items he would never go into orbit without. On the top, lay his extra pairs of socks, then underneath them, his unopened bottle of Johnnie Walker whisky; a vital piece of kit on any flight. Finally, hidden underneath the socks and golden liquor, was his Smith and Wesson model five-hundred magnum revolver. He smiled to himself, that single item alone would make sure this mission ran smoothly, and if President Banes on board puppet, Yuri Rykov, tried to make a move on him, the Russian would have a cavity blown through him mightier than a black hole.  Gratified that his hush-hush stockpile was still in situ, he closed the locker door and collapsed on the bed. 
Across the hall, and one door down, Kimberly Honeydew removed her helmet and gloves then unpacked her clothes from her luggage bag. She then carefully removed the lunar outpost one blueprints from the base of the holdall and positioned them under her pillow. Over the next five or six hours she would study them intently to familiarise herself with the moon base layout so she could perform her requested duties with ease.
Shoot, the lengths a girl will go to too become a Queen. She giggled to herself. 
Exhausted, she lay down on the bed and let her mind begin to drift away. She could see herself wearing a long white and silver diamond encrusted ball gown. She was standing arm in arm with her new husband and King, and they were on the front steps of the Whitehouse welcoming all their guests and receiving a standing ovation from the crowd that had gathered in front of them. She was showing off her new crown. She imagined the crown was made from solid gold and set with every type of precious gemstone imaginable. But right at the front was the most precious jewel of them all. This gem, and millions of smaller ones just like it, were the reason she was standing there taking in the adulation of the nation, for embedded in the centre of the circlet was a giant, near flawless, ruby stone. The gem had been one of the first to be found in the Kings mine and was at least one-hundred carats in size, a jewel to rival the famous Koh-I-Noor diamond. Kimberly drifted off to sleep dreaming of being queen. Maybe one day soon her dream would come true.
*
After checking out their quarters and removing their bulky headgear, Peter, Nelson and Assamo left their respective housings and congregated back together in the compact communal lounge area. After plentiful dialogue surrounding their enthusiastic anticipation of the forthcoming lunar landing, their conversation rapidly shifted to the one crewmember that they knew little about, the Russian mercenary Yuri Rykov. All three began to agree that he was definitely a disturbing oddity.  
He looks like some dude out of a vampire movie. commented Nelson.
Yeh, hes freaky lookin alright. Assamo concurred, And what was the meaning of that melodramatic act he and his girlfriend Ivana Vasilyevich put on back in the white room? All that you are not invincible shit, and then he declares,  when I returnI promise younothing more will ever come between us and we will live together for time eternal.
All three men were driven into silence then simultaneously burst out laughing. 
Yeh your right Assamo, chuckled Peter, They must be Russian vampires, which for some demonic reason only known to them, are trying to infiltrate NASAs space program. Itll make a good movieVAMPIRES IN SPACE! 
The room exploded with laughter. Just at that moment, the bulk of Yuri Rykov loomed large in the doorway. He made his way into the lounge area and came to a halt directly in front of the three sitting crewmembers; looking down at them with a loathsome sneer. 
I hope Penchansky has remembered to stock up on vodka. he growled.
Like the others, he was still dressed in his pumpkin flight suit but had pulled down the top half so it gathered around his waist. Assamo instantly noticed he was sporting a large combat-knife holster attached to the upper section of his thermal under top. The blades black and chrome ribbed handle was facing downwards towards his waist and judging by the size of the leather sheath, he reckoned the business end  must have been at the least twelve inches long. Nelson, Peter and Assamo instantly ceased their joviality and unnervingly gawked up at the towering Russian. 
You dont scare us freak show. Nelson braved before standing to face him. The scientist was at least six inches taller than Yuri and seeing the two men stand toe to toe made Peter and Assamo feel slightly more at ease.
Just why are you on this mission Rykov, he daringly continued, its just that the rest of us would like to know what a washed up old soldier like yourself could possibly bring to a up-to-the-minute astronomical assignment like this one?
Yuri looked Nelson up and down and resisted the urge to snap his spine in half.
I am only here to do my job stilts. he slurred contemptuously, Now get the fuck out of my way, I need a drink. 
With his vague point made, Yuri pushed past the scientist and made his way over to the drinks dispenser. He poured himself a large glass of Smirnoff and took a seat opposite the other crewmembers.
So whats your story my little beige manuke khara? he asked Assamo, insulting him in his own tongue. 
Whats my story? Little beige shit stabber!  Assamo frothed. Listen to me my pasty-faced Russian pizda, if we were back on Earth right now I would rip you a new-   
The pilot did not have time to finish his threat. Yuri did not take kindly to the pilot calling him the Russian derogatory term for female genitalia and before the Saudi had a chance to confirm what he was actually going to rip a new one of; Yuri was over and onto him in a blazing instant. Before Assamo could react, Yuri had grabbed him by the hair and violently skewed his head back, trapping him in place using the bulk of his forearm. Staring deep into the now panicky pilots eyes, the Russian eased the huge combat knife out from its leather housing and positioned its horrifyingly severe razor edge against Assamos wispy-haired chin. Nelson and Peter both looked on in immobile horror as the twelve-inch stainless steel vane glinted menacingly under the bright spotlights of the lounge area ceiling. 
Rykov leered ominously over at Nelson and Peter who were still static with fear and who continued to share a seat beside their ensnared crewmember.
How would you like it if I sculpted you three suka together into a new piece of fine abstract art. the Russian grinned. I could slice youre multicultural flesh up into a thousand different morsels, then reattach your limbs with duct tape and string to create a foul collage of three tone flesh. Then to complete the project, I could hack off your heads and swap them around just to confuse your impure families when they come to collect your cadavers from Kennedy.
All of a sudden a yell of Thats enough! shattered the tension of the situation. The shout hailed from the doorway and all four crewmembers instantly averted their eyes towards the guilty party. Elias stormed into the lounge area and pounded to a stop facing his Russian nemesis.   
The only suka or bitch in here is you Rykov; now put the penknife back in your pocket like a good little boy before I take it from you and ram it up your xenophobic Muscovite ass! 
Yuri sheathed his knife with a gallant smile, while Assamo instantly shot up from his seat and over towards the ingress to the crew quarters. Nelson and Peter diligently followed the pilot and all three swiftly departed the lounge area and headed for their accommodations, leaving only Elias and the Yuri still in situ. Continuing to stare at the smirking Russian, Elias noticed there was a slight change in his appearance since the last time they met; his facial features had altered somehow. A few seconds later, he recognised the variance. The gargantuan scar that once arched from his right temple all the way down to his jawbone was now missing. How was that possible? He mused, even plastic surgery would have left some trace of the Russians infamous mutilation; the result of some concentrated interrogation by FSB agents in Moscows notorious Lubyanka Square. As Elias continued to stare, Yuri broke the stillness.       
So Commander, together again comrade, when was the last time you had the privilege of working with me, must be at least fifteen years ago? he smirked.
Elias scowled at him with abhorrence.
You know exactly how long ago it was Rykov, you left me for dead remember. 
Oh youre not still hung up about what happened in Afghanistan are you? I am a mercenary; I do what needs to be done. You were simply a left over irrelevance; do not take things so personally.   
Back in 2005, Elias and Yuri had been on joint military manoeuvres together in the Helmand Province of Afghanistan. They had met up at camp Bastion, after which they had been driven out into the night on their way to a remote and unspecified village ninety miles north of the capital Lashkar Gah. Their mission was to kidnap a high-ranking Taliban leader and bring him in for questioning. One hour after being dropped off, they approached the settlement that he was supposedly holed up in. The village had looked deserted and both men walked freely into the central square without coming across anything or anyone. Suddenly Elias thought he saw a light up ahead and was just about to say so when a rocket propelled grenade flew passed them and exploded on impact when it hit a ramshackle building fifty feet behind them. In an instant both men were under heavy fire from Taliban insurgency and the only thing they could do was crawl along the suffocating dusty ground and take refuge behind the nearest broken down wall. They had been taken by surprise and had to get out immediately. Seconds later, the gunfire ceased and a battered old Toyota Hi-lux pickup came skidding to a stop in the area where the ambush had just begun. The doors burst open and two Taliban soldiers jumped out armed with AK47s. Elias pulled out his Desert Eagle handgun and took aim but regrettably had to wait until the dust settled to get a clear shot off. By that time, more insurgence had arrived behind them and he realised that if they wanted to escape, it was now or never. He told Yuri to run over and commandeer the pickup truck while he caused a distraction. He then opened fire on the two drugged up seekers of knowledge with the AKs, and then threw a flash grenade into the mix to confuse matters. This gave Yuri the opportunity to jump over the wall and hijack the 4X4. Rykov seized the pickup, floored the gas pedal and drove straight towards Elias and the wall; however, as the Russian approached his hiding spot he failed to slow down and blasted right past him out into the star-twinkled desert night. Rykov had abandoned him in the midst of battle, leaving him to fight it out alone. Fortunately, for Elias, the Taliban fighters then proceeded to chase after the fleeing vehicle, and while they fired indiscriminately out into the night sky, he made good his escape unnoticed. It took him a further two days to make it back to camp Bastion, where upon arrival, he was informed that that very morning, just before Yuri Rykov had been transferred out by Lynx Helicopter, the Russian had reported to RAF Group Captain Keith Thomson that his comrade Elias Penchansky was missing in action and presumed dead. Now the mercenary coward was back in his life, and whats more, was currently sitting in front of him.
Yuri continued, Youve done very well for yourself since our last meeting Commander. 
Elias began to laugh. Done well, yea Ive done okay. I am the Commander of the Space Shuttle Warrior. I designed and helped to build this ship, whats more I have the authority to take out anyone that I think is a danger to my crew. You may think that youre infallible Rykov but youre not. Now that youre on board my shuttle you will do as I command and if you disobey me, you will pay the price. Anymore little incidents like that one and I will be forced to neutralise you until we are back on U.S. soil. 
Yuri looked at the vain popping on Penchanskys head and knew that he was serious. The Russian decided to alleviate the tension and held up his hands in entreaty.
Come Elias, I was only playing with the little Saudi weasel you know that, do you seriously think he would still be alive if I had actually wanted to slay him, do you?
 Elias thought the best thing to do was to play along for the moment; he did not want to give Rykov the satisfaction of starting a mutiny out of fear.
I think its time for us all to get some rest. he hesitantly conceded. Then at nineteen-hundred hours we will all reconvene in the flight deck to negotiate the lunar approach.
Rykov lowered his hands and smiled, Fine with me Commander, until seven oclock.
The Russian turned on his heels and swiftly strode back in the direction of his quarters. 
*
With all crew now safely tucked up in their rooms, Elias poured himself a whisky from the dispenser and sat down. Peace and quiet at last he mused to himself. Once he was finished his drink he would have a quick check on the Warriors lunar trajectory then, all being well, go and have a lie down for an hour or so before reassembling his crew for the main event that was, the prodigious lunar landing.
*
Back in his quarters, Yuri Rykov unbolted his locker and carefully eased out his holdall. He opened the zipper, reached inside, and pulled out a large silver flask.  As he put the thermos to his mouth, the Russian could taste that the thick sticky liquid was not freshly acquired. It would have to do though at least for the moment anyway.
*
Chapter 6
Lunar landing, Thursday August 6th
Elias returned from his inspection to make sure that the Warrior was still on the correct lunar trajectory sequence  which it was - and lay down on his bed. In an effort to relax, he switched on the TV and was met only with white noise and mosaic colours; the satellite signal was out. 
Fifty-billion dollars on a shuttle and the TVs fucked. he huffed to himself.
Overhyped with expectation and still unable to settle, he decided to ready himself in anticipation for the big lunar landing. He rose up from the bed and stripped off his pumpkin coloured constellation one flight suit and hung it up in the locker. Next, he adjusted the liquid cooling and ventilation garment  LCVG  so there was enough play in the waistband region to insert his trusty Smith and Wesson revolver, and then sealed his undergarment together; he would come back and retrieve the gun just after landing.
In under a half an hour Elias was ready to rouse his troops for their cosmic adventure and swiftly exited his room out into the crew quarters passageway. He knocked on Assamos door opposite. He informed the pilot that there was no need for him to strip down to his LCVG undergarment because he had come to the unenviable decision that, unfortunately for him, the pilot would be the crewmember to be left behind to sustain vigilance while they were gone. Elias then explained to him that he was the only person on-board that he felt could be trusted with the security of the orbiter and in turn their lives- while they were out exploring the outpost. Assamo, although disappointed, took the news on the chin. Next, Elias proceeded to bang impatiently on every other crewmembers door to rouse them from their slumber, and twenty minutes later, with only Kimberly requiring some extra help in refastening her liquid cooling and ventilation garment, all crew were fully assembled out in the white walled corridor. 
The six crewmembers eagerly made their way to the flight deck. As they slowly stepped back into the cockpit, they were met with the most striking vision that any of them had ever beheld. The moonscape, colossal in silvery grey and dazzlingly vibrant, was looming outsized in the Warriors windscreens. Its vast spherical peaked craters and infinitely haggard mountainous valleys stunned the whole crew into wondrous silence. As Elias took his seat in the Commanders chair, a tremor of adrenaline coursed through his system. 
This is it he thought, in less than one hours time I will actually be walking on the moon, all these years of visualising that very moment, that first step onto its shimmering grey surface, his childhood dream of bounding weightless across its rocky floor, all of this was finally within reach and he could hardly contain his excitement. The crew took their respective seats and Elias ordered them to make sure that they were all strapped in and secured properly for what might just be a rather treacherous and precarious landing. After strapping himself in, he then turned to his pilot, who was again, just like before launch, intensely checking the shuttles mainframe computer systems and readouts.
Immobilise Variable Specific Impulse Magneto-plasma Rockets. Elias commanded.
Assamo reversed the large red handled lever and the orbiters velocity instantly plummeted. 
VASIMR out and steady Commander. Assamo affirmed.
Lower underbelly and wing mounted Delta V variable control rocket boosters.
The pilot instantly pulled on another large lever only this one had a white handle.
Delta Vs extended and secured.
Elias checked the landing timer on the control module and it read twenty-two minutes to touchdown. Turning around to check on his crew in the rear, he immediately noticed that Kimberly Honeydews face was chalk white; she looked like she was going to throw up. 
Are you alright Ms Honeydew? he enquired. 
Just feelin a little blinky is all. she replied and tucked her head down between her knees. The concern for his fellow crewmember was suddenly broken by the radio intercom system; it was Houston to check up on them. 
Good evening Commander Penchansky, this is Houston calling. We have your lunar descent scheduled for twenty minutes, please stay on the same course setting until one-thousand feet above the surface, then shift over to the Warriors manual mode. 
Elias instantly recognised the subdued gangsta tones that had just emanated from the Warriors communications receiver.
Well Ill be dammed, If is not the one and only Jizzy White. He hooted back down the line. 
Sure is dude. Jizzy shouted back. And whats more, this daddy will be monitoring the landing of that heap of designer junk. 
I didnt know NASA let you out the cage mid-week ma man, last I heard you were on weekend conditional release only. 
They dont, I escaped. Keep up the good work ace, Houston out. 
Elias smiled; Jizzy was an old friend and colleague, and he was glad NASA had reinstated him after the fifty-one-year-old former pimp had been blamed for accidently setting mission control on fire. Anyone could have put that ten inch Cuban in the waste paper bin, but Jizzy being Jizzy got the blame; just because he was the only one that smoked cigars didnt mean it was his fault.
Twenty minutes later he checked the altimeter again; it read 1000ft. 
Okay Assamo, switch to manual mode; lets get this puppy on the ground. 
As he gazed out the left window Elias could just make out what looked like silvery grey domes adjacent to large circular objects, which he presumed, were the outposts satellite dishes. 
Fire Delta V variable control rocket boosters. he ordered. 
Assamo complied with the Commanders orders and the Warriors steady forward trajectory gradually slowed to a wavering hover. They were now floating directly above their landing zone. 
Lower under carriage.  
Assamo pulled the chrome T lever to deploy the undercarriage. Elias checked the altimeter again; the reading was 300ft. 
Fire anchor harpoon. he instructed.
Assamo pushed the red button marked AH and the anchor jettisoned out from the underbelly of the orbiter and shattered through the lunar landing zone. They were now fully engaged to the surface of the moon. 200ft was the next reading; 100ft the following. They were now only seconds away from landing. Elias was in a heightened state of concentration until his frame of mind was suddenly fragmented by a fuss from behind, it was Kimberly Honeydew. 
I think Im going to be sick! she sputtered, and without any further warning, projectile vomited the full contents of her stomach all over Yuri Rykov. His bright white LCVG was now covered in what appeared to be half digested pre-milked cheerios 
Sorry Yuri, she gasped, I didnt mean to...throw upon you. 
Yuri looked down at his puke-stained garb and just shook his head. 
Bitch! he cursed under his breath. 
The shuttle was now hovering only a few feet above the shimmering lunar surface. Happy with their positioning, Elias began the countdown to landing.  
Five, four, three, two, one, 
The orbiter lurched gently forward as its wheels touched down on the chalky stellar landscape.
Houston we have landed on the moon! he declared. 
The SS Warrior had grounded without a hitch. 
Elias switched off the orbiters engines and Delta V rockets then checked all structures were secured. Everything had gone perfectly and he looked around at his joyful companys celebration. In the encapsulating euphoria of achievement, he had no idea he was a marked man. 
*
The Commander ordered his exploration crew straight to the airlock then told Assamo to sustain vigilance while they were gone. He then hastily jogged back to his quarters to retrieve his trusty magnum revolver from the locker, and once there, attached it to the inside section of his LCVG waistband. With the weapon now securely on his person, he quickly marched to the airlock to meet up with the rest of the crew. All four were already inside the compartment and busy examining their white constellation configuration two lunar EVA  extra vehicular activity  space suits. Elias explained to the team that the configuration two suits incorporated the same arm, leg, glove, boot and helmet assemblies, from the Configuration One suit that they all wore for launch, the only difference being, the configuration two suits came with a rear-entry hatch design and a detachable portable life support system  sustaining oxygen supplies for one-hundred and fifty hours  which made entry and exit an altogether speedier affair. With the crew now fumbling away entering and fastening their new suits, Elias closed and sealed the internal American side airlock door, then proceeded to get himself equipped. The airlock, located at the rear of the orbiter adjacent to the seven person emergency escape module, was a little tight on manoeuvring space and with five astronauts crammed inside, there was not much room for transformation, but finally, after a few elbowing encounters with Yuri and helping Kimberly on with her life support system, they were all eventually good to go. With everyones helmets secured and all communications switched on, Elias turned the wheel on the outer airlock door. He just hoped that no one would suffer from decompression sickness; vomit on the inside of an EVA was a lot more dangerous than splatter on the outside of an LCVG! With a final turn of the wheel he felt a judder from the door, this was it; he opened the airlock door and let the iridescent lunar brightness flood into the small compartment. 
He was met with silence. No one could muster a single thing to say, they just stood there staring out into space. Elias stepped out and onto the surface of the moon; now it was he that had tears in his eyes, and looking behind him at his crew, he instinctively knew that they were all feeling the same emotions. 
This place looks like shit! he cried Why the hell would anybody want to come here, its desolate? 
Nelson eloquently agreed, Yeh its a bit like a woman over thirty, from a certain distance she looks good, but once your actually up close, the shine disappears and its all a bit rough and haggard lookin.
Kimberly said nothing, no doubt trying not to be sick, but Yuri, his eyes were gleaming.
Its not so bad, I can think of worse places to be. he mumbled.
Yeh, your mammas bedroom. Elias mused to himself.  
The only crewmember that appeared more than pleased with his surroundings was Peter Van Velsen. He was busily lifting small rock samples from the dusty lunar surface and crumbling them in his gloved hands.
After getting over the initial disappointment of their forsaken environment, Elias had a quick scan around their landing zone. 
  They had touched down and exited the orbiter approximately one-hundred yards from the main base entrance. In the interests of safety, and considering he had never made a lunar landing before, he thought that was not too shabby. 
Is everyone okay? he asked into the radio. 
Fine. was the unanimous verdict. 
Good. he said, lets check out this base then get the fuck of this baron rock as fast as possible. 
The Commander began to travel in the direction of the base and the rest of his crew followed his lead. As they advanced closer to the outpost, he could now perceive two huge banks of solar panelling on either side of the satellite receivers and what from the surface appeared to be giant silver vibrator; which was, in actual fact, a water silo. They must be using the solar panels to provide power, and the silo for their water storage he thought. A few moments later, they bounded to a stop outside what was clearly the main entrance. The door was massive, built in two sections, and at least one-hundred feet wide, and fifty feet tall. To the right of this vast main entrance a smaller black door marked AL adjoined, and at its side, an illuminated digital locking mechanism flickered out a blue hue into the dim light. 
That must be the airlock. Elias announced over the radio, pointing to the black door.  
The crew made their way over to the smaller of the two doors, and as they came to a stop in front of the glowing lock mechanism, it hit Elias that hed made a titanic blunder. 
Idiot! he screeched into his radio headset, and threw a pathetic, weightless, punch at the solid steel doorframe. The crew, startled by the outburst, all turned their attention towards the Commander.
The code, he blasted, I forgot to download the stupid bastarding code!
In his haste to finally fulfil his lifelong dream, Elias had forgotten to copy the lunar outposts airlock access code from the Warriors computer system. Once again, he told himself to remain calm and think logically.  
After taking a second to compose his thoughts, it dawned on him that all he really had to do was contact Assamo back in the orbiter and get the pilot to relay the numbers back to him.  In fact, the pilot should already be aware of their bothersome situation, if he was doing his job properly, and listening in to their external communication broadcasts back on the Warriors flight deck. 
Elias once again hailed into his radio. 
Assamo, this is Commander Penchansky, do you copy over?
He waited a few seconds; no reply was forthcoming.
SS Warrior this is Commander Penchansky, do you read me?
Another moment went by and still there was no reply. 
Where in hell is he Elias wondered, and why was he not answering the radio transmission.  Anger now surged through his system at his pilots unprofessional and lackadaisical attitude towards their precarious situation, and thoughts of Assamo sleeping in his quarters, when quite clearly he was ordered to remain in charge of the controls, did not help his mood any.   
Im gonna kill him, I swear, Im gonna rip him a new one. he raged. 
Commander Penchansky! It was Kimberlys voice, One of us will just have to go back to the shuttle and retrieve the entry code, theres no other choice.
Elias weighed up his options. He could go all the way back to the orbiter, back into the airlock, depressurise, run all the way back to the flight deck, recover the encryption, then reverse the whole process, or, he could just have a stab at guessing the code. He decided to try his luck with the numbers. He began with the obvious combinations, 0000, 1111, and 1234; suddenly the airlock door automatically opened. 
1234. he chuckled, thankfully the lock programmer had used the universal language of stupidity! 
The crew entered the airlock and Elias closed the moon side door then spun the wheel to seal it. With no natural light source inside the chamber, all that was immediately visible was a glowing red light attached to the right side wall. Elias switched on the dual white laser lights that were attached to his EVA helmet. He was looking for the Atmosphere Control and Supply System that filled the lock compartment with breathable air and he swiftly scanned the small, but intense, light beams around the dark room looking for anything that resembled a metal cylinder or container. Inside the compartment he registered the outline of a further two doors, one to his left marked CD and one ahead of him with a valve handle attached to its centre. He was beginning to feel a little uneasy when he finally spotted what he was looking for. Upon glancing up, he noticed that attached to the ceiling of the airlock were two oxygen tanks marked with an O, and two nitrogen tanks marked with an N. Bingo, hed found what he was searching for. He traced the protruding pipelines with the helmet lights and realised that the extended lines joined to a large lever connected to a control panel just above the forward door. That was it, the air supply. He walked forward, reached up and pulled the lever from north to south and the room was immediately saturated with the gas mixture. A few seconds later and the red light on the right wall flickered to green. The crews relief was mutual. Elias patted his team members on the back then pointed to the green light on the wall. He tapped his helmet with a gloved hand then crossed his fingers as a good luck gesture. 
As he unscrewed his helmet, a rush of oxygen escaped from his suit. 
We have a safe atmosphere people. he confirmed, now, lets get inside and find out what the hells happened here. 
Elias and crew removed their helmets and portable life support systems only leaving their communications snoopy caps in place. After which, they disconnected the laser torches from their helmets and attached them to the front of their suits. Elias checked that his trusty magnum was still in situ, it was. 
The door marked CD had no means of opening from inside the airlock so he walked over to the door with the valve handle, turned the wheel, and it spun round like a well-oiled bearing. He opened the door and peered out into the blackness beyond.  
We will need to locate the main control room to switch on the mainframe power, follow me closely and do not stray from the group. he ordered
Shinning his torch out into the gloom, he could just make out the top steps of a rocky looking spiral staircase plummeting down into an infernal abyss below. 
I should be on vacation, he hissed, not looking down into a treacherous oblivion. 
*
As their perilous decent into the murky depths in search of the main base entrance door hit the forty-minute mark, it became apparent that the heart of lunar outpost one was entirely subterranean. Then finally, after one hour of precarious scrabbling on the hazardous torchlight descent, Commander and crew reached the bottom of the staircase where they were confronted with the chief underground entryway.   Elias pushed the green access button on the doorframe and the shutter split vertically in half to allow for entry. It was slightly lighter in this new corridor as large blue illuminated guidance arrows were positioned along the sides of the floor; powered by some sort of auxiliary generator Elias thought to himself. Instantly stopping dead in his tracks, he jammed his left forearm into Nelsons shadowing ribcage. Up ahead attached to both walls were what looked like clumps of silver mushrooms connected to a rectangular steel harness, even in the dim blue light of the corridor Elias immediately recognised their glinting menace.
Dont move a muscle, he whispered. NG forty-four Laser mines. then pointed his torch light against some silvery coloured, mushroom shaped caps fastened to both walls.  
Why the hell was this bleak and isolated place security mined in the first place he wondered, after all it was just a satellite research station. Laser mines like these were usually the sole reserve of government sensitive targets like the gold depository at Fort Knox in Kentucky or area 51 in Nevada. 
Elias searched around the floor area for the trigger point and within seconds had spotted the customary red laser triggers. Above them, a silver activation box sat glowing red and keyless, a clear indication that the mine harness was armed. If any one of the crew interrupted the crossbeam, they would all be freshly chopped meat in seconds. 
The Northrop Grumman 44 DRLs were extremely effective anti-personnel laser mines. Once some poor sucker triggered the activation beam, the steel mushroom- clumped harness shot forward at an alarming rate; there was no way to avoid your impending doom. 
Upon impact, the one-hundred kilowatt lasers exploded before vaporising anything within range.  Elias declared he would go first and tip toed up to the trigger beam. 
Exaggerating his step over, he lost his footing and landed flat on his face; luckily for him, on the other side of the beam.  
Just like that but try not to slip. he calmly advised his squad.
 Kimberly, Nelson, Peter and Yuri all made it over the beam without any setback and joined Elias at a T- junction up ahead. They now had a choice of two doors. The door to their right was marked ME, at its centre shone a red glass circle. The door to their left was labelled CR, and adorned a green glowing triangle. 
Green for go. Elias said and pushed the door open.  
Once again, they were shrouded in darkness but this time he could make out a series of computer screens using his torch light. He made his way attentively through the gloom and over to the main bank. 
This has to be the central control room. He stated.
No welcome committee then? Yuri remarked.
Apparently not. replied Nelson.
Maybe they just got bored and went home. commented Kimberly.
Went home, Nelson beamed, I know youre standing on the moon sweetheart, but I had no idea you were also wired to it. 
Im actually standing in the moon asshole, not on the moon. she smarmed back.
Elias had had enough of the bickering and drew them back to the matter at hand.
There must be a main frame power switch somewhere, get looking for it! 
Kimberly shuffled her tushy away from her tormentor and over to the left side of the darkened room. As she shone her torch over the banks of screens and keyboards, the beam rapidly winked twice over a large P shaped handle. On closer inspection, she could just make out the words Base Power engraved underneath it on a small yellow plastic plaque. Instinctively she tugged on the rigid extension and the control room exploded with blinding white light.  
Well done Kimberly. Elias enthused, causing the buxom Texan to jump with glee.
With power now restored to the entire lunar outpost, the control rooms complete layout was now discernible for the first time. The surrounding walls, floor, and even ceiling, were fully embellished with  stainless steel panels, and even the freshly powered up and illumined computer monitors were encapsulated in the shining alloy. 
Elias stared at the brightly functioning monitor in front of him and realised that the image currently on screen was in actual fact an electronic map of the outpost. It indicated their current position as control room. It also displayed the small airlock from which they had entered, the cavernous shadowy stairwell and the lethal laser mined corridor that had nearly frazzled them. There also appeared to be a top level just off to the left of the small entranced airlock, a huge location that was revealed only as cargo dock Cargo dock thought Elias, what cargo? 
  Back on the diagram, the door opposite the control room was marked M.E. What was M.E.? That was the entire map display, nothing more. 
  Elias turned around to face his team and noticed that Kimberly was taking a keen interest in the control panels; meanwhile Peter Van Velsen was now seated at one of the computer banks and staring intently at a bright looking ball on the screen.
What you got there old-timer? Elias inquired.
Peter looked up from the screen with a smile of enthusiasm etched on his face.
Its a Moon Mineralogy Mapper or M3 for short; its what you use to scan for rock formations and precious minerals underneath and inside the lunar surface. I used one only a few years ago when working on a project. his reply trailing off.
The whole crew now converged around the geologist to see what he was so excited about. To Elias, the image on the screen just looked like a multi-coloured ball with deeply carved entrenchment lines going from north to south. 
So how does this M3 work then? Nelson enquired. 
The geologists face lit up at the question, and like a kid with a new toy, he began to explain the M3s inner workings.
Well basically, it shows a colour composite image of the moon. Thats the colourful looking sphere you can see. To produce that image it utilises reflected radiation from the sun to illuminate the different materials and minerals from the very top of the lunar surface right through to its central core, and then, it projects the different substances back as alternate colours on the screen. For example the blue at the top is water and hydroxyl, the green down the sides is just general rock mineral and the pale orange shade is crystal.
Elias stared at the screen attentively; to him it still looked like a big multi-coloured ball.
So whats that red stuff imbedded from surface to centre? he asked him. 
Thats a very good question Commander and one that had perplexed not only myself but the entire geological community up until fairly recently. Now though, it is mutually acknowledged among the prevailing intellectuals that its unquestionably ruby stone or pink spinal.
Ruby stones, no way. Nelson scoffed.
Way my man, categorically way. replied Peter. Whats more my lanky friend, the position of that glowing red kernel happens to be located in precisely the same vicinity as this outpost.
All five huddled crewmembers stood quietly and continued to scan their eyes over the luminously bright lunar orb depicted on the screen.
So let me get this straight Van Velsen. Elias queried, Youre saying that this base has actually been constructed on top of a humungous cornucopia of ruby stones. 
Yes, but it look as if most of the stones are gone already. See how the shading alters from a deep red in the centre to an almost a pinkly white colour near the surface?
Elias could now clearly perceive the fluctuation in the spheres shade.
Well that means the only major deposits of ruby stone remaining are buried deep down inside the lunar core.
So what happened to the stones that were near the top? 
Theyve disappeared. 
Disappeared? Elias hollered.
Yes, there gone Commander. The only remnants of their existence are the residual pinkly-white trace elements left behind.
Glaring around the abnormally hushed individuals in the control room nothing else seemed to be forthcoming and he was met only with looks of wide-ranging bewilderment from his apathetic crew. In truth, at that point, he too was confused, not only by the precise location of the outpost and strange disappearance of the ten researchers, but also by the tangible feelings of dread emanating from the habitation itself. From its cavernously deep layout to its unsettling and fear veiled gloomy atmosphere. Something deep inside him screeched out a feeling of malevolence into his subconscious, an intuitive portent of fate that he often received when something or someone was not being altogether genuine. He would have to tread carefully, very carefully, and furthermore be superfluously vigilant.
Right, he barked, lets move, its time to check out that other door.
 Elias swiftly ushered his lacklustre crew back out into the dark stonewalled corridor and directly across to the door with the red glass circle. With the outposts power reinstated he could now here a quiet humming sound emanating from beyond the sealed door. He pressed the bloodshot glowing button. 
 Careful comrade, dont press the red button. he smirked in Yuris direction.  The Russian gave no reaction. 
A few seconds later, the humming had changed into a full-blown rattling. 
Sounds like an elevator. remarked Nelson. 
Think you might be right. Elias agreed. His assumption was spot on.
The rattling was now deafening and becoming closer and closer; seconds later, it stopped with the sound of clattering steel. The red light on the door transformed to green. 
The access door slowly opened in front of them to expose an immense steel-sided cargo elevator, inside, four large florescent lighting tubes flickered spasmodically from the tarnished metal-panelled roof, giving the whole chamber the appearance of some insanely macabre theme park ride.
Be my guest. Elias quipped toward Yuri, before elbowing him into the steel-sided cage. The Russian swiftly grasped the elevator wall to steady his bulk, and when Elias realised that his test subject was unharmed, he then ushered in the remainder of his crew. 
Inside the metal enclosure and attached to the left wall loomed a panel with three black buttons. The top button was labelled CD; the middle button marked CR and the bottom button labelled MA. Elias thought about which one to push and decided on MA. 
I think CD means cargo dock as its at the top, he reasoned, I think CR will stand for control room, which is where we currently are, and MA, well lets find out. 
He pushed the lowest button on the panel and the door rattled shut. 
Immediately, the elevators wavering light cylinders blacked out shrouding the entire crew in a claustrophobic darkness. The lift then dropped away like a brick plummeting down a well. In seconds, the pitch-black freefalling steel cage had reached a terrifying speed, and not for the first time on this mission, Elias felt a little startled. Ghastly thoughts flew through his brain one after the other, and he was just about to go into a mild panic when the elevator suddenly began to slow down and the flickering lights renewed their erratic luminosity.  
  Each crewmember looked relieved to be alive and still in one piece. The steel chamber came to a gentle stop on the ground floor and the door opened to reveal yet another blue-lit rock walled tunnel. 
  The team swiftly exited the elevator and cautiously walked forward into the hazy cerulean light vapours of the shaft. Up ahead a crook in the pathway appeared to open up into a wider area, and remaining vigilant, Elias steadily led his crew around the tight curve and out into a vast clearing. Everyone instantaneously ground to a halt and gazed up in wondrous astonishment at the sparkling vision shimmering high above their heads. What appeared overhead was simply incomprehensible. 
At an unfathomable height up in the upper limits of the caverns ceiling, the entire crown of the moon had been carved wide open to reveal a bounty of glittering pink and red stars. Nelson broke the crews stupefaction with a whisper.
Pink diamonds. he breathed softly.
No Nelson, not diamonds my friend, but the shimmering and impossible to reach remnants of ruby and pink spinal stone. Peter quietly corrected him. 
What exactly is this pink spinal, dont think Ive ever seen it? Elias asked.
The geologist began to explain, Its a very rare and extremely valuable roseate coloured gemstone and is often referred to as a REE or Rare Earth Element. Its combined foundations of Magnesium, Aluminium and Oxygen are what give it its illustrious colour, and in actual fact, its a gemstone just as precious as ruby, sapphire or emerald. 
Elias was taken aback. So judging by the size of this place, there must have been a billion dollars worth of this pink spinal down here.
Well, if you combine that with the ruby stones that would also be unearthed alongside the spinal stones, youre actually talking in trillions. Peter corrected him.
So, is this a research satellite station, or a ruby mine? Nelson queried. 
The only research that has been going on down here is mining research. Elias retorted. 
So what now? Kimberly asked.
We continue to look for the missing researchers they must be down here someplace. Well explore around for the next hour and try to find some answers, after that, regardless if we find them or not, we get back to the Warrior and report our findings to Houston. 
Sounds good to me Commander, this caverns beginning to give me the Heebie-jeebies.
Elias gazed out into the gloomy expanse that spread-out before him. The mining area appeared, in its shroud of azure gloom, to be infinite in size, and although the ceiling high above them glittered down with its own starry radiance, unfortunately it was virtually impossible to perceive the hollows vast ground level arrangement much beyond a few yards in a forward-facing direction.  
This excavation region has to have its own power supply and lighting system. Elias declared. There is no way they could have quarried this place in the dark. There must be a separate control station down here somewhere, so lets concentrate on finding that first, then after the power is on, well have sufficient enough light to investigate the area safely.   
Can we just get moving? Yuri moaned, I would like to get back to planet Earth sometime this century Commander. 
Elias turned and jabbed a gloved finger towards the Russian. 
You and I Rykov, will search the left side, Nelson, Peter and Kimberly; you will comb the right side. Then in one hours time we will all rendezvous back at this point. Oh and people try not to get lost.
The five-person team split up into two units with the Commander and Rykov embarking toward the left route while Honeydew, Catts and Van Velsen departed to the right. With all crew riven in half, the two longstanding adversaries of Penchansky and Rykov instigated their walk in a general left direction until the burgeoning curved flanks of the excavation wall came into view. As they approached its pot marked surface, Elias noticed there was not a solitary fragment of precious stone left imbedded in the rock. He could clearly see where the gems had once been entrenched, but all that remained now was a few splinters of glittery pinkish residue. After adjudicating the size of the walls empty craters, and the amount of precious stones that must have been rooted in this one section alone, it was now clearly obvious why someone had set up an excavation site here; Peter Van Velsens assumption was spot on, this was indeed a stellar pink spinal and ruby mine. As Elias continued to scrutinize the cratered wall he suddenly became aware that his nemesis and companion had wandered off from behind him, as he turned around to see where Rykov had gone, the Russian bellowed out towards him from the shadows. 
Hey Penchansky, Ive found a door over here. 
Elias left his position beside the wall and swiftly marched into the gloom following in the direction of Rykovs shout. A moment later, after meeting up with him, he realised that his nemesis had indeed found an entranceway carved into the rock. The door was marked Mining Control Room and underneath that lettering, another smaller sign read Munitions and Quarters Access.
 Elias pulled down on the metal door handle and pushed it open. The murky corridor beyond had obviously been cut from the rock, but as with the middle floor control room, aluminium sheeting had been attached to the walls to give it a very smooth look with clean silver lines, with the floor area appearing to be fitted with some sort of grated steel mesh. This passageway revealed three further doors; the first two being located on the right hand side of the shaft with the third door situated at the end. 
Both men slowly entered the corridor and came to a stop in line with the first entrance on the right. Elias eased down on the handle only to find the door was firmly sealed; fixed to its faade was a high security double key entry system.
Okay, lets try the next one then. he muttered.
The two men moved forward and halted in front of the second door. Again, Elias tried the handle, only this time he was met with a satisfying click and the door swung open with a loud metallic rasp. Straightaway they realised that they had found the mining control room. The chamber beyond was veiled in the same auxiliary azure light in keeping with the rest of the mine, and from where the Commander was standing, it looked to be an exact carbon copy of the main control room above. There was however, one tremendously distressing difference. This control room, was saturated in a toxic smelling dark sticky liquid, and even in the shadowy blue gloom, it did not take Elias long to realize what it was. It was congealed and foetid blood. The following things that caught his attention were the inexplicable bundles of blood matted and shredded clothing indiscriminately scattered across the entire floor. Both slowly entered the grisly room.
What the hell happened in here? Rykov whispered.
Elias shifted his gaze from the interior of the room down towards the ground and realised that he was standing in congealed jellied plasma, as he struggled for an explanation; the rancid ooze began to coagulate around his EVA boots. The only answer he could muster was to state the obvious.   
I guess weve found our missing researchers then, well at least whats left of them. 
He then deliberated about the absence of the researchers mangled corpses, there were no bones, no torn skin fragments and no other internal remains, all that remained was blood, shredded clothing and a few pieces of jewellery. Whoever or whatever slaughtered these researchers, had inexplicably removed all traces of anthropoid animation. Turning back to Yuri, Elias ordered him to turn on the power.   
The Russian quickly paced over to the mainframe switch and pulled down on the lever. This time both crew shielded their eyes from the blinding flash, and within seconds, they were accustomed to the light. 
The full horror of their surroundings was now beheld for the first time. Thick gelatinous blood was crusted on every monitor screen and every keyboard. The ceiling was saturated in dripping crimson droplets that sluggishly oozed downward dropping onto the floor where they stood. The walls were reminiscent of a Bagdad butchers shop, and the whole chamber reeked with a coppery excremental stench.
Reminds me of my honeymoon. Elias quipped.
He turned around and noticed Yuris attention was now focused on one of the blood soaked computers. 
You found something comrade? he asked. 
Nyet, just another one of those moon three contraptions.
Elias carefully walked over to the brightly lit computer screen where Rykov was standing; nudging him aside, he sat down in front of the monitor. The image on the screen was identical to the earlier one, a radiantly coloured glowing orb engrained with a rainbow of entrenchment lines. As Elias stared intently at the cloned image, directly behind him, his nemesis purposefully unsheathed his stealthily concealed combat knife from the inside of his suit and stepped unobserved into his blindside. The time had come for the Russian to carry out his principal mission objective. 
Ive been waiting a long time for this Yank. he smirked to himself; This might sting a little.
The second Yuri raised the deadly serrated vane behind his target, Elias caught sight of the blades glinting steel surface mirroring itself on the glass screen of the M3. Instinctively, he jettisoned his chair backwards into Rykovs knee caps causing his would be assassin to gracelessly tumble down onto the slimy viscid floor. Elias tried to reach for his magnum but there was no time to free it from his waistband,  the reason being, that Rykov was instantaneously back on his feet and thrusting his knife blade viciously towards Elias head. Deflecting the oncoming strike using his elbow,  Elias unwittingly caused the colossal blade to slash through the left shoulder section of his suit; straightaway he felt the warmth of his own blood spurt from the laceration and course down the inside of his arm. Both men now stood face to face. 
I should have finished you off in Helmand. Yuri hissed, and then lunged at him again; this time twisting the knife blade downwards like a sacrificial dagger. 
Elias grabbed the Russians forearm to block the knife-edge from stabbing him through the neck, but Rykov continued to force the blades serrated fin down towards his jugular vein. Elias knew hand-to-hand combat was Rykovs speciality so he had to act fast; he did not want to die at the hands of a coward. Without thought he instinctively did the first thing that came into his mind and sunk his teeth aggressively into his assailants wrist, and as his vice like grip pierced through Yuris Ulnar artery; he felt the warm ooze of the Russians blood begin to seep through his teeth and drizzle down his oesophagus. Rykov instantaneously winced in agony affecting him to loosen the grip on the blades handle, and with his nemesis momentarily off-guard, Elias promptly head-butted him with all much force as he could muster. Dazed and confused from the sudden blow, the big Russian crumpled to the floor, the combat knife clattering down by his side. Elias quickly grasped the revolver from his waistband and cocked the hammer, as he stood over the Russian he placed the business end of the barrel firmly against the large mans forehead; Yuri rose up his hands in a simulated surrender. 
So how much is President Scumbag paying you? Elias seethed. 
Yuri saw the look of hatred in the Commanders eyes and smiled with satisfaction. Through his ever-widening expression, the Russian then slowly broadened his grin to reveal his ornate white and lethally sharp incisors; Penchanskys glower was now locked down on him with disbelief. 
Yuri Rykov has fangs? Vampire fangs what the fuck his thoughts trailed off as the Russian began to speak.    
You know nothing Penchansky, nothing, he beamed. This little mission here is only a clean-up operation, if you ever make it back home, you will find out that the revolution has already begun. 
The revolution, what the hell are you talking about Rykov, what revolution? 
Elias jammed the gun harder into Yuris skull, forcing the Russian to wince even wider; his gaze did not waver from the mercenarys oversized and fatal looking lateral incisors. 
Commander Penchansky, last to know as usual. Yuri mocked, Why dont you ask your boss all about it, perhaps he might fill you in before he destroys you that is. 
Elias thought about pulling the trigger but could not justify slaying an unarmed man, even if it was a bastardised version of Yuri Rykov. He had to think about his next move fast. What do you do with a vampire he thought? Stake through the heart, silver bullets, this was becoming too surreal. The decision was instantly taken for him. With lightning speed Yuri punched the barrel of the magnum knocking it clean out the Commanders hands, the gun, aided by the bloody floor, spun across the room and came to a stop against a clump of torn and blood stained clothing.  Instantly, Elias leaped after it, although this gave the big Russian time to reach over and re-arm himself with the combat knife. In a split second, he was back on his feet, and with blade in hand, charged after his enemy. Elias dived onto the ground with his arms outstretched, and mimicking his weapon, slid across the floor assisted by the crimson liquid. As he was coming to a stop, he reached out and grasped the black gripped handle of the fifteen inch long hand cannon then alligator rolled just in time to realise that Yuri was now back within feet of him; his massive chrome knife, grasped for the finishing kill. Elias cocked the exposed hammer and thrust the oversized revolver out in front of him; the guns red laser sight was now glowing on the Russians forehead.
One more step Rykov and youre a fucking dead man! he rasped.
You wont kill me Elias, you cant, your weak American conscience will not allow It. the Russian replied calmly.
One more step just one more step, and I swear, Ill half you in two!
No, I dont think you will Penchansky.  
 Yuri Rykov instantly thrust his combat knife down towards the Commanders face; Elias pulled the trigger. The resulting explosion was deafening, and at such close range, actually made his vision waver. Hundreds of tiny green and red larvae were now twisting and dancing their merry way right in front of his eyes, and when his head cleared, he found himself staring over at the remnants of Rykovs carcass. All that remained of the Russians head was a few bone stalagmites of lower teeth set into a lacerated gaping jawbone; he had been completely decapitated by the tremendous force produced from the weapons two-thousand-six-hundred ft. /lb. muzzle energy.
No need to lose the head Rykov. He half-heartedly jibed over toward the twitching corpse of his nemesis. 
After fully recovering his sight and regaining his composure, he got to his feet and tried to clean Yuris flesh and bone fragments from the front of his suit, a few minutes later he came to conclusion that it was a waste of time and instead decided to explore the other two rooms that led off from the metal corridor. He checked the time and gathered that his battle with the Russian vampire had taken up almost twenty minutes, now he had only forty minutes left until the rendezvous time with the other crewmembers, he realised hed better get a move on.
*
In the meantime, Nelson, Peter and Kimberly were not having much luck on the other side of the mine. Even after the dull central mine lights had blinked to life, they hadnt been able to find much of importance. Peter had managed to gouge out a few trace samples of pink stone fragments from the right side of rock face, but they were so insignificant in size, he despondently knew they would be far too minuscule to conduct a proper and detailed analysis. The rest of the cave was just too vast to search in the allotted time and Kimberlys mind being elsewhere, did not help with the searchs atmosphere.
The Texans thought-box was preoccupied with her own specific role, and she knew she had to get back up to the main control room before they were due to leave. It would not be easy to set the timer on the self-destruct system without raising suspicion, but she could not, and would not, let her future King down. She had studied the control room blue prints and knew exactly what to do, she just needed the time to do it, but at the moment, she was still trudging around this dank mining hole with the old Dutchman and lanky professor freak-face. 
There is nothing left in here cept whats wedged in the roof. she moaned This place is catty whompus; lets get the hell outa here. 
Just at that moment, Nelsons gaze drifted over into the gloomy alcove behind where the crew were standing, and out of the corner of his eye, he suddenly caught the glinting reflection of what looked to be, some sort of silvery cage structure. 
He purposefully shone his laser light over toward the shiny steel bars and noticed that the left section of the cage was completely mangled; the steel tubes being entirely broken and bent out of shape. 
What do you think that was used for? He queried aloud, gesturing a finger towards the large metal enclosure. Kimberly and Peter turned around to see what the scientist was pointing at; both mentally establishing it was some kind of large metallic pen. 
Who cares, its probably just used for storin tools or somethin, Im sick of searchin, can we please just leave? whined the blonde. 
Nelson turned around to face his two crew mates, but Van Velsens overwhelming inquisitiveness had quickly got the better of him, and before either he or Kimberly could utter another word, the old Dutchman was gone, bounding off in the direction of the gloomy alcove and over towards the steel crate. As the geologist disappeared from sight into the dark cerulean recess that surrounded the cage, a truncated growling sound began to reverberate from around its obscured and forbidding vicinity. The growling sound rapidly transformed into a deep and raucous snarling, which was then accompanied by a peculiar grating and scratching noise. What subsequently emanated from the shadowy area beyond instantly petrified both remaining crewmembers into an immovable and terror gripped seizure. Through the voracious growling an all-encompassing uproar ensued, and along with the horrendous resonances of tearing flesh being ripped from the bone, came the bloodcurdling screams of a pre-death human in torturous agony.
Seconds later, the unbearable spine-chilling commotion abruptly ceased, and after a momentary silence, Peter Van Velsens skinned, scalped and eyeless head came tumbling out from the cerulean obscurity and rolled to a halt at their feet; his flailing and knurled spinal column, still attached via its frayed and mangled cervical nerves. The two petrified and concrete-footed crewmembers gazed down at their former colleagues still trembling buccinator muscles and a shockwave of horror bolted through their blood. Both were utterly powerless to summon any words of comprehension as to what type of horrendous thing could have committed such a violent act of brutality. There was no time for conjecture though, because out from the darkness, the heart-stopping sound of scratching swiftly resumed its hideous and malevolent tapping on the mine floor. Again, the deep and bloodcurdling growling noise began once more and with it, the answer to their nightmarish question slowly revealed itself.
IT came out from the dimness beyond, lurching and swaggering its way into the azure- light recess of the vast sweeping mining area, giving Nelson and Kimberly a full and unrestricted view of the satanic creatures deplorable hell-formed animation. 
Oh shit. trembled Nelson, Kimberly, his voice now barely audible, Do, not, move.  
The Texan looked wild-eyed at the beast that stood only twenty yards in front her, its shell shocking appearance overpowering any comprehension of its physical nature.   
What is it? she asked her voice no more than a quivering murmur. 
Its a Cerberus, whispered Nelson or DC type seven if you prefer the genetic name. I engineered him for the military three years ago. What the fuck is it doing on the moon? He wasnt expecting Kimberly to answer his question, but quickly presumed that it must have been placed here to guard the mine from the interfering Chinese government who had recently began constructing their own lunar outpost.  
Hunkered on all four legs with its elevated barbed shoulders arching downward, the gigantic three-headed dragon-dog was a terrifying spectacle. The first thing Kimberly perceived was the overall size of the animal. It was towering way above them, at least eight feet tall, and with its spiny elongated backbone and spiralling knurled tail, it must have been sixteen feet long and then some.  The second thing she focused on was its reddish, orange skin and the fact that it was completely hairless and almost transparent in places, its hulking muscled limbs extending down to join seamlessly with hooked talon claws. Then there were the three heads. Each one looked identical in shape and size. The left head was looking left and the right head was staring right, the middle head though, was gazing menacingly towards them. Kimberly related the Cerberus facial features with that of a skinned leopard, with small jagged ears sticking out the side of its skull. Its snarling tri-jaws unlocked to reveal two rows of deathly looking piercing teeth, all the pointy kindincisors she thought they were called, and above them, flared nostrils merged into a wrinkled bony nose. 
But it was the eyes that distressed her most, those malevolent staring eyes. Burning green with malign savagery, all six were shaped like stretched out diamonds and were sunken deep into the beasts emaciated skull.  
Kimberly could no longer hold the brutes stare and slowly turned towards Nelson. 
What now? she whispered.
Not sure. the scientists vague reply. Ive never had to deal with one mano en garra before. 
Well you invented him you freak, so youd better come up with somethin and quick buddy, or this thing is gonna rip us apart like it did the old man. Nelson instantly spat back.
What the hell do you think Im doing right now you stupid bitch, planning to introduce myself as its long lost daddy in the vain hope that it will befriend us and think twice about ripping us to shreds? 
The scientist was desperately trying to conjure up anything he could use to their advantage and help aid their escape. He began to remember a few of the projects specifics and case details and suddenly his mind summoned some elapsed test analysis that might just be useful. He was hard of hearing. Yes he remembered now, the Cerberus was hard of hearing, six ears and all of them practically useless. It had been a design flaw to which there was no biological resolution. The beast was stone deaf. Nelsons face produced the closest thing to a smile Kimberly had seen in a while.
You got somethin? she asked.
Could have He paused for a swift glance towards Kimberly before returning his attention back to the Cerberus.
He has very small ear cavities so is hard of hearing, he continued, but, to compensate for this deficiency, I engineered him with an acute sense of smell.
Its not his smelling ability that worries me Nelson; nobodys ever been smelled to death. she jibed. Its his huge freakin fangs Im slightly more concerned about. 
Ah well. Nelson responded as if he were back lecturing his science class, Although his teeth are obviously very large and extremely sharp, they are all attached to three quite cumbersome and individual heads, all of which are joined to the same large vertebrate.   
SO! Kimberly snapped, her patience wearing thin as she though she saw the monster edging closer.
SO my dear, what I am trying to tell you is this; even though he has six eyes and three set of snarling choppers, because they are all fixed to three individual bulky heads, all we have to do is distract the furthest away head and the rest will have to follow. One brains instinct will take over complete control of the singular spinal movement.
Kimberly understood. So what youre actually sayin is, if we throw the dog a stick hes gonna chase it.
Nelson glowered with sarcasm. Yes Kimberly, if we throw the nice doggy a stick hopefully he will chase it, then, once hes out of sight, we can make a charge for the elevator.
Well if thats all we got thats all we got. she conceded.
Nelson cautiously removed his unflinching stare away from the Cerberus and turned to face his crewmate. 
We need something bright and pungent to distract him.
Like what? Kimberly asked
Like a torch wrapped in a scented rag or something. 
Well we both got torches, what about the rag?
Nelson leaned in on Kimberlys air space forcing her to arch her shoulders back in aversion.
You smell very nice my dear, is that some sort of fragrance your wearing?
Fragrance? Kimberly realised that this was not a complement but an actual observation.
What you after Catts? 
Nelson widened his bleak smile into an icky smirk.
Are you wearing a brassiere under your EVA suit Ms Honeydew?
Kimberly almost exploded with outrage then promptly remembered her perilous situation; instead, she bit her tongue in fury.
Not that its any of your business buster, but. the penny finally dropped, Nelson wanted to use her gorgeous designer underwear as the scent cloth that would be attached to the torch. The thought of her chic tiger print push-up, bound up like an oily rag around a dusty old laser-torch and then thrown out into a dank cave, was enough to make her Texan heart sink. She glowered indignantly into the scientists eyes. 
Kimberly, Nelson wheezed, the bra, today please. 
Ahite, ahitejeez. 
Kimberly stealthy turned around, unfastened the top section of her suit, and began to remove her bra as instructed.  Meanwhile staring at her back, it instantly struck Nelson as odd that someone in her line of work would be so timid and offended about removing a piece of her underwear, after all, she exhibited her commodities every day in front of complete strangers for hard currency, not to mention other hard things. A whore with a conscience he concluded. A moment later and Kimberly was refastening her EVA suit with the stripped off garment dangling from her right arm.
Here. she blurted, offering Nelson the chic rag  
The scientist quickly seized the still warm and sweet-smelling undergarment from the Texan and began to bind its designer structure around his own torch light.
What about the Commander and Yuri? Kimberly asked warily. 
What about them? 
Well, shouldnt we tell them about Peter and try to warn them about thethe thing? 
Ill inform them once were safely back up in the main control room, but at this precise moment, Im going to try to save our own asses first, if thats okay with you? 
Kimberly nodded her head in silent agreement and Nelson took this as his cue to hurl their improvised distraction clean over the Cerberuss huge frame and out into the centre of the mine. The creature instinctively lurched after the perfumed illumination, principally driven by its right head, just as the scientist had predicted. Now all they had to do was try to escape. 
With their enticement cast, both crewmembers swiftly turned around and began to tread quietly and cautiously en-route towards the elevator door, however, within seconds, hysteria and panic instantly overwhelmed their sham composure.
RUN! Nelson shrieked toward his companion. Kimberly was, by this time, already on the hoof and had subsequently gained at least ten yards on him.
Its my freakin scent on that designer rag Catts! she snarled back over her shoulder.
Nelson finally caught up with her just as they reached the elevator door. Kimberly proceeded to whack the button so hard she broke one of her fake nails clean off, mercifully the door opened instantly. Both crew dived into the chamber and Nelson punched the CR button, the doors slammed shut and the elevator instantly shot up with the same velocity as the drop down. Nelson gazed over at Kimberly lying spread-eagled on the floor and shot her an elated smile of relief.
Dam girl, those are some faaassst feet. he chuckled.  Both shared a mutual laugh of relief.  
*
Back down on the mine floor, Elias exited the control room, turned right and walked to the far end of the silvery corridor. He pushed down on the handle of the end entrance way and swung it open. The room beyond was brightly light and, after scanning his eyes around its vast expanse, he realised that it was the researchers mess hall come sleeping quarters and a place in which the staff came to eat, sleep and relax, all in the confines of a featureless silver and grey catacomb. In the right hand corner was a large kitchen area with storage room and what looked like a meat freezer. In the centre of the room, adjacent to the rear wall, sat row upon row of stainless steel seating units complete with adjoining tables. It had a striking resemblance to the general population canteen in San Quentin state prison he thought, although without the same charisma. Lastly, over on the left side of the hall sat a row of about ten bunk beds and a door marked BATHROOM / SHOWERS. After a rapid inspection of the kitchen and restroom areas, and finding nothing of importance  e.g. dead or alive researchers  he left the mess hall and headed back out into the passageway on his way to the final and locked door near the main entrance to the mine. Halfway along the corridor Nelsons shaky voice came over the radio, startling him to a sudden stop.
Commander Penchansky, do you copy over?
Shit in hell Catts, you just about ended me there, whats up, you found anything? 
Yea, you could say that, he answered. You have to get to the elevator immediately Commander, there is a bioweapon roaming around the mine, it killed Peter, ripped his head clean off. Kimberly and I just made it out alive; we are back in the middle floor control room. 
Elias took a second to let the information sink in. 
A bioweapon, you been inhaling the chemicals again Nelson. What exactly do you mean by a bioweapon? 
Following a moments radio silence Nelson finally responded.
I am talking about a Cerberus Commander. Its a three headed dragon-dogd slaughtering machine, and if you happen to cross its path, theres a good chance it will tear you apart in seconds. 
Elias could not believe what he was hearing, on the other hand, that would certainly explain the massacre scene in the control room. 
How do you know thats what it is? he asked. 
I know because I genetically engineered it myself. It was a black project I was working on for the military. They wanted a fast and reliable killing machine capable of creating mass bloodshed without the costs involved in dispatching the troops. Unfortunately, the project was put on hold until I developed a more stable breed. They must have sent him up here to protect the mine from Chinese infiltrators or something, and somehow hes escaped from his cage. 
So you engineered this devil-dog thing, Elias snarled why does that not surprise me Catts. Tell me mister scientist, what should I do if I happen to bump into this creature? 
The Cerberus is very hard of hearing, in fact its completely stone deaf. So if at all possible, run quietly away before it gets the opportunity to lock on to your scent, or if its too late and your already in the shit, do what Honeydew and I did, and create a distraction for it to pursue. Something bright and fragrant works best; we used a laser torch and an undergarment. 
 Anything else I should know before I venture out into certain death? Elias demanded.
Nothing that could be of much use Commander, the only other thing that comes to mind is the beast has a vulnerable rear end; the rest of it is pretty much impenetrable to most weapons except big game rifles and grenades. 
Big game rifles ehI will try and work something out. Maintain radio silence until I give the order, over and out.
Elias pulled out his trusty magnum revolver and dropped open the barrel; he had four shots remaining. Quickly striding past the blood-soaked control room entrance he came to a halt in front of the locked door at the end of the passageway.  He tried the handle again; unsurprisingly the access door remained tightly secured. 
Pulling out the Smith and Wesson, he took aim at the lock, and knowing that it would only leave him three bullets left in the chamber, pulled the trigger. The resulting cannon blast blew the doors security device into a thousand pieces and it instantly swung open. Elias peered through the consequential gun-smoke into the formerly inaccessible chamber and realised straightaway the reason behind the rooms high security entry system. Inside, behind the smoky haze, lay a treasure-trove of deadly looking mining implements and explosive ordnance munitions.    
Awesome. He whispered through the settling dust. 
Stepping into the room, he began to scan his eyes around the chamber, and after a moment of staring in wonderment at the rooms lethal looking contents, became aware of a reddish metal container similar in size and colour to a mechanics tool chest. The top section of the chest was secured with a padlock, the reason being made obvious by the warning sign attached to front which read DANGER: DYNAMITE.
Dynamite. He whispered. That might come in handy to use as a diversion tactic he thought, if that devil-dog monster thing somehow backed him into a corner, and if his trusty Smith and Wesson was for some reason rendered useless, he could always use the dynamite as a desperate last resort to help aid his escape. Then the idea hit him like lightning bolt out the blue, an escape plan that would beyond any doubt create a distraction, perhaps the ultimate distraction. He needed to get the dynamite out from the cabinet. Firstly, he had to remove the padlock from the chests metal access flap without using anything that could cause the delicate explosive substances to accidentally ignite. He browsed the stacked shelves of mining equipment until he found what he was searching for, a pair of bolt cutters.
Youll do. He declared and strode back over to the cabinet. The cutters snapped the obstruction with ease and the access flap swung open. Elias smiled, inside there must have been at least one-hundred sticks of military dynamite, he would only need a couple. He grabbed two sticks and secured them inside his waistband before closing the cabinet and making his way to the door. Just as he was about to exit he caught sight of a hefty roll of white duct tape laying on the shelf in the direction he was heading. Remembering the slash wound in his EVA suit, he quickly tore of a piece and patched himself up.
Perfect. He muttered Now to construct my killer diversion.
He left the tool storage room and re-entered the control room, the scene was just as gruesome the second time around but this time he knew he would not be hanging around. He walked over to the remains of Yuri Rykov and grasped him by the ankles. 
Your Cerberus bait comrade. He sniggered, before hauling the Russians cadaver over to the door. After negotiating his way out into the passageway, he dragged the Russians seeping corpse along the metal grate floor towards the entrance to the main mine, causing leftover clumps of crimson epidermis to swill and pool on its silvery surface. Elias kicked open the door and heaved his bait out into the cavern. He looked around for any sign of movement, nothing stirred, so he took his chance. Dragging the remains of his nemesis out into a small clearing away from the entrance door, he then carefully removed one of the eight-inch explosive sticks from his waistband and squeezed it into the pulpy surplus of Yuris oesophagus.
Thats the easy part over; now lets get on with the hazardous bit. He grunted.
With his bait now loaded, the odds were beginning to turn in his favour, next thing was to lure the Cerberus into location. He remembered Nelson had said the beast was deaf, so he would have to entice it using its acute sense of smell. There was only one way to do that and that was to use copious amounts of sweet smelling blood. He dashed back to the control room and recovered Yuris combat Knife and less than a minute later was back at his trap.  Looking down at what was left of Major Rykov he actually felt a small pang of compassion run through his mind, he was a human being after all, flesh and blood, skin and bone, then his mind jarred back to Helmand Province and the anger flooded back through his system. Elias raised the knife blade then speared it down through the carcass thigh, he then continued in a hacking circular motion until the Russians limb separated from its pelvis, after which, he held up Yuris lifeless appendage by the ankle and bellowed out into the obscurity.
Come and get it you hideous slimy bastard, its SUPPER TIME!
He hurled the leg out into the mine hoping that the contrived beasts acute sense of smell would latch onto the profusely bleeding limb, and then waited for a response. It did not take long. The sound of the Cerberus razor sharp talons rattling across the cavern floor was almost instantaneous, and as a final temptation, he rapidly lacerated of Yuris left hand and tossed it a few feet in front of the big mans decimated bulk. Elias could now here the beast devouring the discarded leg and knew it would be upon him in next to no time. He checked to make sure the revolver and dynamite were still on his person then lay down on the floor in preparation for the ambush. Only a few seconds later, and through the murkiness, he heard the devil-dogs horrific scurrying resume; the leg inducement devoured, it was now on its way towards the main bait. Suddenly the beast came into view, and on first sight, he could not believe that such a thing could have been mentally and physically generated by scientific human hand. This transgression of foulness, this blasphemous entity that stood only yards in front of him, was the evil incarnate conception of such things only beheld in the terror-filled nightmares of the hysterically mad and criminally insane. He decided right there and then, that if he actually managed to make it out of this hellish grotto in one piece, he was going to personally bitch slap that lanky fucking scientist into oblivion for creating such a thing.
Overwhelmed by the reek of the temptation, and mercifully paying no attention to Elias who was hunched down on the nearby floor, the sacrilegious beast slowly moved its substantial bulk in on the main bait. As it stooped its tri-heads over the Rykov cadaver, all three arrangements of merciless salivating talons began ripping their way through his lifeless and foetid body flesh. The centre head starting with the gaping and pre-baited oesophagus section, and the conjoining heads ripping into their nearest respective flanks.  The Cerberus had taken the carrot; it was now time for action. Elias rose from his hiding position and carefully removed one of the two dynamite sticks from his waistband then gradually crept up behind the ravenously feeding factory-made brute. Once in position, directly behind the monsters back end, he hoisted up the creatures heavy knurled tail and plunged one of the dynamite sticks deep into the formidable brutes rectum. The devil-dog instinctively jolted out its hind legs striking Elias in the midriff and pitching him head over heels onto the caverns gravelly floor. Lying on the ground directly behind the shocked and dumbfounded beast he realised that, from this low angle, he could initiate the perfect shot underneath the beasts hind quarters which hopefully would trigger a dual baited explosion. As the hellhound twisted its left head around trying to comprehend what was to blame for the intrusive insertion, Elias rapidly drew his trusty Smith and Wesson out from his belt and targeted the beasts rear end; mechanically, he pulled the trigger. What instantly followed was a spectacular sight to behold. He hit the Cerberus rancid ass-section with pinpoint accuracy and the result was a two-point detonation. First to explode was the brutes hindquarters; the rectal insertion had worked like a dream, directly followed by the brutes forward section, Yuris dynamite diet, functioning to perfection. The resulting consequence had a similar visual effect akin to throwing a hand grenade into a packed abattoir and what followed was similarly bizarre. As Elias lay there on the dank mine floor deafened and trying to regain his shattered vision, he began to feel the sensation of a gloopy hail raining down on him from above. Glancing down at the accumulating droplets that were  massing on his EVA suit, he suddenly realised that the sticky fragments hailing down on him, were in actual fact, a viscous chopped meat confetti made from the glutinous remnants of Cerberus flesh, bone and cartilage particles. He was saturated in gory slime from head to toe but he didnt care, he was glad to be alive.  Wiping down his radio, he contacted Nelson. 
Nelson its Elias, come in over.
Commander, whats your status, over? 
Im afraid your little pet has been blown to hell, Im still in one piece though and Im making my way to the elevator, over.
What about Yuri, whats his condition, over?
Not so good Nelson, he lost his head just before the Cerberus got to him, after that he just blew up and went to pieces, Im afraid he died in the line of duty.
Thats too bad Commander; now can we please get the hell outa here? Im beginning to feel a little claustrophobic.
Thats me at the elevator now; I will be with you in five, oh and prepare to have your ass kicked, over and out.
The elevator doors opened and Elias stepped inside. He pressed the CR button, the doors closed and the carriage volleyed upwards. Slumping to the floor, he closed his eyes.
*
Back up in the main control room Kimberly had just overheard the radio conversation between Nelson and the Commander and decided now was the time to begin her role in the mission. She spun her chair around in front of the computer monitor she was sitting at and typed in the mainframe security password Clayton Bane had issued her with. It was easy to remember and only made up of one name and four numbers. Seconds later the central computer system asked for the password again which was just a safety check to make sure you were definite about the request. Kimberly complied with the demand and keyed in the secret code again then pressed enter. The monitors touch screen instantly flashed up a choice of two input requests; the first option being to shut down the mine power and avert to security mode; the second option was to initiate the mines self-destruct mechanism. Her orders were to activate the second option. The Texan touched the red glowing option two rectangle on the screen and, for a final time, was once more prompted to input the security password. Kimberly typed in the secret code: REPRISAL1827 and pressed enter. All at once and in unison the control room monitors synchronised and began to flash the same life-threatening message:  WARNING: SELF DESTRUCT SYSTEM HAS BEEN ACTIVATED. ALL PERSONNEL EVACUATE TO THE CARGO DOCK.
Then a startled sounding voice began to repeatedly echo out the same warning from some unseen public address system. At that moment, every monitor screen in the control room commenced a digitally timed countdown, all launching from 59min.59sec.  
Nelson glowered incredulously over towards Kimberly and instantly perceived that she appeared astonishingly pleased with herself; she was even sporting a vast grin from ear to ear complimenting her look of accomplishment.
What the hell have you done you crazy bitch, you got some sort of death wish? he yelled.
Sorry just an accident is all I was just tinkering with the buttons an stuff, jeez.
Just tinkering with the buttons...you realise that your stupid ass tinkering has probably doomed us all to hell, you freakin imbecilic hog! 
No need to have a hissy fit asshole; well be outa here in less than thirty minutes. she retorted.
What makes you so sure about that genius, you know the layout of this place better than the rest of useh? 
No, I just have a feelin is all. she coolly replied
You just have a feelin. Is that the same educated feelin that you had a moment ago when you accidently engaged the self-destruct system? 
Whats done is done mister scientist, and might I suggest that instead of sittin here squabbling over who done what and why, maybes we should think about gettin the hell outa here. 
Nelson realised that, stupid as she was, the Texan had made a fair point. 
Fine. he conceded, Well evacuate to the cargo dock and meet up with the Commander at the elevator 
Nelson seized hold of Kimberlys arm, hauled her up from her chair and pushed her over towards the door. After bodily manhandling her out into the hallway, he finally let go when they reached the sealed entrance to the elevator.
A few minutes of awkward silence passed between them before the rattling elevator finally came to a stop on their floor. The doors slowly opened to reveal Elias sitting on the floor with his hands clasped over his ears; the self-destruct systems blaring warning sound was also echoing inside the steel-sided cage. Elias stared at his two remaining crewmembers in disbelief.
I leave you pair alone for thirty minutes and this is the outcome. Half an hour! Thats all!  And you still manage to screw things up. He punched the metal wall in anger. 
Nelson and Kimberly stared at the floor as neither could bear to look the Commander in the face. On the inside, Kimberly was still filled with joy, her mission was nearly complete and soon she would be rewarded by her King. A smile formed on her lips, which she instantly suppressed. 
Press the top button Nelson, theres a good boy. she requested in a nonchalant manner.
Nelson grudgingly obliged and the steel doors clattered closed. The elevator ascended with the same potency as it descended and in less than a minute came to a stop on the top floor cargo deck; as the doors opened, the squad were confronted by the titanic bulk of the timeworn Space shuttle Endeavour. 
WOW, Nelson blustered at the colossal sight, if only the research team had managed to get to the elevator they might have. He looked round to see Elias staring at him with a look of exasperation. The Commanders glare stopped the scientist from continuing his assumption; he was not relishing the thought of the vowed ass kicking either.  
The air lock must be over on the left somewhere, lets go. Elias ordered, directing his crew over towards the left side of the room.
They quickly strode over to the left-hand wall and Kimberly was the first to spot the familiar metal doors.
Over there. she said pointing to the airlock entrance; a large AL sign hung above the door. 
The crew quickly made their way over to the airlock and Elias pushed the adjacent red button to open the doors. Once inside the chamber he sealed the cargo side entrance and immediately began to reattach his portable life support system, instructing Kimberly and Nelson to replicate him. Once all crew were suited-up with their helmets secured, he looked around to make sure everyone was ready to go and a thumbs up from both confirmed he could open the moon side door. He eased open the lunar exit and the team of three weightlessly stepped back out onto the dusty grey surface of the moon. His priority now, was to launch the SS Warrior of this barren landscape before the mines self-destruct timer hit the big fat zero. Elias immediately tried once more to radio Assamo back in the Warriors flight deck, this time to warn him about their fast approaching doom, and also to order him to set the shuttles controls for take-off, but yet again no reply was forthcoming. In what seemed like time eternal  with each slow step consuming yet another minute of precious time - the crew progressed as fast as the weightless lunar conditions would allow them, until finally the shimmering white fuselage of the SS Warrior appeared in full view. A few strides later, and with a huge sigh of relief, Elias, Nelson and Kimberly bounded to a stop outside the orbiters rear airlock entrance. Elias quickly opened the Warriors airlock door, ushered everyone inside and closed the hatch behind them. He then activated the air supply system and the room filled with the familiar oxygen and nitrogen mixture. They could now breathe normally. All crew quickly removed their helmets, portable life support systems and constellation two EVAs and discarded them onto the floor where they stood, leaving them attired only in their LCVGs. 
An instant later, Elias had the inside door open and was on his way to the cockpit.
Seal the door behind you and get to the flight deck ASAP! he shouted back, while running up the passageway.
He then spotted Assamo blitzing down the corridor towards him, a look of nervous bewilderment strewn across his face.
Commanderwhat the hells happening, all outside communications have been down since the moment you left the orbiter, I couldnt contact you over the radiowhywhat I mean. 
Not now Assamo, Elias snapped. Get back to the flight deck and get this bird in the air, we have a serious problem concerning the lunar outpost. 
Assamo could see the panic in his superiors eyes and instantly turned on his heels. The two men ran as fast as the confined passageway would allow them on their way to the flight deck and when they arrived both proximately took to their respective seats. Immediately, Elias began take-off procedure.
Activate all launch systems. he ordered
Both he and pilot hurriedly began all system launch measures, and virtually straightaway, the Warrior responded to their actions.
Retract anchor harpoon. his next command.
Assamo complied. Anchor harpoon retracting.
Raise and initiate underbelly and wing mounted Delta V variable control rocket boosters.
Assamo promptly pulled on the white handled lever and seconds later, the Warrior began to rise up from the lunar surface.
Raise undercarriage.
Assamo pushed the chrome T lever to elevate the undercarriage just as Nelson and Kimberly hurtled in to the cockpit and slammed down into their seats. 
With the Warrior now safely hovering above the lunar surface Assamo turned towards the Commander in search of some answers.
So what the hell happened in the outpost Commander? he demanded to know. And wheres Peter and Yuri?
The mine is going to explode. 
The mine, what mine?
The ruby mine. And Im afraid that the old Dutchman and the Russian will not be joining us on the return flight home. I will explain later my friend but for the moment our own survival is paramount, the whole lunar base is going to self-destruct in less than ten minutes.
Self-destruct!  The pilot shrieked.
Yes, self-destruct. Elias confirmed. Now hold on tight, we might just experience a little turbulence.
He checked the Warriors altimeter reading; three-hundred feet and rising. 
Mobilise Variable Specific Impulse Magneto-plasma Rockets. He commanded.
Assamo, although still in shock, reversed the large red handled lever.
The orbiter immediately transferred from a steadily increasing vertical hover, into its VASIMR launched forward propulsion trajectory.  
Magneto-plasma rockets engaged and operational Commander. affirmed the pilot.
As the SS Warriors mainframe computer system clicked back onto its pre-programmed auto-aviator system, its diminished crew of four began to relax slightly. Now at ease knowing that they had made it out alive, Elias glanced out the forward window of the flight deck and down towards the lunar surface for the last time. Through the hazy and shadowy lunar mist, he could just make out a plume of greyish vapour bellowing out from its surface. The ruby mine had just imploded, and along with it, its horror filled caverns and deeply buried secrets vanished into the infinite interstellar blackness forever.
*
Chapter 7
Journey Home, Friday August 7th
After filling in Assamo with the patchy details surrounding the ruby mine, the slaughter of Peter Van Velsen, and skipping over the truth about Yuri Rykovs assassination attempt, Elias made his way back to his quarters, to firstly, drown himself in a hot shower, and secondly, repair the wound to his shoulder. Kimberly and Nelson had already retreated to their rooms for some much needed rest, and Assamo had confirmed to him that he would follow on behind after he had completed the final homeward bound safety checklist. 
Upon entering his quarters, Elias immediately removed his now heavily blood stained white LCVG undergarment and revolver and tossed them gauchely on the floor. He then took a shower, and after getting himself washed and dried retrieved one of the standard issue medic-kits that were attached to the inside of his locker. Sitting down on the edge of the bed with his towel wrapped around his waist, Elias opened the large, green coloured first-aid box and fished out a small curved, threaded surgical needle and a length of suture. Next he removed and ripped open a bottle of saline and flushed the still profusely haemorrhaging laceration with the solution. Then after clumsily threading the needle with a pulsating right hand, he gritted his teeth and began the make shift surgery to close the gaping shoulder wound. Ten stiches later, the fleshy slit was sealed, and grimacing down on the bizarre curvilinear design that hed just braided onto his skin, he could not hold back an ironic smile; the resemblance between his surgical handiwork and his Russian nemesis sneering vampiric grin was almost too creepy for words. Laying back on the bed his weary mind now began to deliberate over what details to relate back to mission control. There was no way he could tell them the truth about the Rykovs murder attempt without raising suspicion on himself; it was well known that he and the Russian hated each others guts. No, he would just go with the same story he had articulated to the rest of the crew that Yuri Rykov was killed by a three-headed dragon-dog and there was nothing he or anyone else could have done about it. And talking about said three headed dragon-dogwho in hells going to believe that story a satanic looking beast that was specifically put in place to protect a lunar ruby mine. And a lunar ruby minea jewel mine on the moonsorry in the moon, clandestinely disguised as a satellite surveillance baseof course no one would believe them, no one was intended to believe them. As far as everyone at NASA was concerned, himself previously included, lunar outpost one was just what it was supposed to be, a simple observation post, no questions asked. The more he dwelt on the deception the more he became certain of the fact that someone, an unknown colluder within the organisation, must have been in on the ruse, certainly President Bane and Yuri Rykov were aware of the true nature of the base, that much is now obviousbut who else?...what other piece of deceitful trash could have known about the ruby mines surreptitious existence? Elias racked his fatigued brain for some answers but nothing was forthcoming, and he came to the conclusion that it could be any number of individuals that work for the government and perhaps even other members of his own crew. The thought chilled his blood. With this thought in mind, he reflected back on the chaotic scene that had ensued when he entered the elevator on his way back up from the deep mining level to the main control room. He had just slumped himself down on the cold floor of the steel cage when the deafening blare of the bases self-destruct system had begun its instructive and condemnatory warning. He was in the elevator, which left only two personnel still thriving in the base that could have activated the lunar excavations timed demise, and both were now safely back resting in their respective quarters. Kimberly Honeydew and Nelson Catts will have some serious explaining to do, and in a few hours time he would find out exactly what had gone down back in that control room. But for now, he had to rest awhile.
*
Kimberly Honeydew sat bolt upright in her bed, there was only one way to get out of this mess she thought, the old-fashioned way. She must have been over tired from the mission because it did not normally take her this long to hatch a plan; she shook her head in disgust. 
Whats the matter with me? She said aloud. Must be loosin ma touch. 
Kimberly pulled back the blanket and switched on the light. What to wear she thought, I wonder what hes into? She padded over to the locker and opened her holdall; tucked inside, a selection of her best and most seductive negliges. She had a quick rummage through the skimpy contents before picking a banker. If he resists me in this, she thought, he must be a mans man. After a quick change, Kimberly then adorned her full war paint as if going into seduction battle, the final touch being the application of her tantalizingly glossy cherry-red lipstick. 
You dont have a Catts chance in hell, she smirked, forgive the pun. 
She opened her bedroom door and peered out along the corridor, and after making sure the passageway was clear, she tip-toed across the hallway and gently pushed down on Nelsons door handle. It was unlocked, so she snuck inside, and through the cabins dim light, she could see that he was fast asleep in bed. She pulled back his covering blanket and instantly realized the big man was packing some serious equipment; this would be a pleasure, not a chore. Kimberly slithered in behind him and gave him a gentle tap on the arm. Nothing happened and Nelson continued to snooze. A slap on the face did the trick and he woke up with a startle. 
What the. His sentence straggled off as he stared at Honeydews heaving bosom just inches from his face. Kimberly was wearing one of her most expensive and revealing items. The designer chemise top was a shocking pink colour and had a white lace trim finish; the matching French knickers were an exquisite accompaniment and left nothing to the imagination. The exclusive set was a present from Clayton Bane, but all the benefit was now going to go to Nelson.
You like what you see there lover boy? she teased.
I like, I like. came a muffled reply.
Its a shame Im all uptight about what happened back in the control room, Kimberly purred, I just cant seem to relax any.
What are you talking about Ms Honeydew? Mumbled the scientist; his gawp moving from Kimberlys bountiful cupcakes to her deep sapphire eyes.
You know, my itsy little mistake, I had no idea what all those big buttons were for, I thought I was just helping out and all of a sudden the alarm bells were ringin and sirens were soundin it made me go all a flutter.
She ran her fingers softly down to the double D cleft in her top, all the time making sure Nelsons eyes followed suit and realised that her seduction technic was working like a charm; the poor man had absolutely no rebuff to her womanly allure.
I cant seem to remember, the scientist began to stutter, what in fact happened back there, it was all such a blur, what with the Cerberus, and stuff, and the self-destruct system. His eyes were now totally glazed with anticipation. Kimberly moved in for the kill. 
Oh Nelson, you know, the second I laid my perdly little eyes on you I knew there would be a special bond between us, now my darlin, let me take your mind away from all that pent up and delusional tension. The curvaceous Texan seductively slipped off her silky chemise top to beguilingly display her buxom and well-rounded puffy nippled enticements, then after gradually positioning them down above the scientists detached and captivated eyes, she was reminded of an old Texan sayin Men, dumber than a box of hammers.
*
Elias awoke with a severe, stabbing pain racing through the makeshift stitched-up wound on his left shoulder. And with his mind still unable to block out the distrustful and suspicious conduct of his two surviving search crew, he leapt out of bed determining now was the time for some proper answers. He picked up his unwashed and gore-viscous LCVG undergarment from the floor and slipped it back on over his now washed and cleansed skin, then noticing his trusty Smith and Wesson model five-hundred resting discarded on the floor next to him, picked it up and placed it back in his holdall within the locker. Next he lifted out his constellation one flight suit and boots, and re-garbed himself in its tight fitting neoprene cloth and Nomex layers, and leaving his helmet and gloves inside, closed the locker door. Exiting his quarters into the passageway, he proceeded to thump his fist belligerently against each of his three remaining crewmembers doors, abruptly rousing them from their slumbering tranquillity, and ordering them to amass back in the lounge area ASAP for a debriefing. With only seven hours left until touchdown back at Kennedy Space Centre, he still had the unenviable job of contacting Houston to relate their somewhat preposterous and ultimately nonsensical mission assessment report. He would have to get his story straight and would only convey as much data as was necessary to pacify the beaks at mission control pending their landing back in Florida. His contracted crew of three now began to assemble in the lounge area and as they all sat down in the soft seating area with their eyes wilfully fixed to the floor, the Commander, who remained standing, instigated his inquisitorial. 
Okay people, He began calmly, would someone care to explain to me just what, in reality, transpired during those concluding moments of the moon base exploration? he paused for effect, intensely staring down on his sitting crewmembers; not one gaze wavered from the floor.
Because Ill tell you this, he indignantly continued, what actually transpired appears to me as nothing short of a fuckin mutiny?
All three crew persisted in glaring at their boots and once again, he was greeted with nothing but silence. 
Comon now, he drawled derisively, which one of you two negligent morons was the one responsible for trying to blow us all to smithereens? Elias was now stabbing his finger between Catts and Honeydew, although no one raised an eye to witness the accusatory action. Again, Elias paused for effect, only this time the atmosphere was overwrought with tension. Nelson could not stand the pressure any longer and decided to try and cover for, what he erroneously though, was his new sweetheart.
It was a genuine mistake Commander. he blurted, still worn-out from his penetrating half hour of passion. WeI mean Ms Honeydew and I, were just scanning the base-map trying to find the cargo dock airlock exit and suddenly everything went apes shit.
Its my entire stupid fault. Kimberly then confessed slyly. I was just tryin to I thought we were all going to diethat beastit was terrifying  I was only tryin to help with our escape, I guess I simply pushed the wrong button.
Why were you even touching the buttons Honeydew, Elias fumed you knew I was on my way back up to your position, could you not have waited another few minutes for my arrival. And you! He shouted at Nelson why the hell were you not keeping an eye on what she was doing?
Sorry Commander, I guess I slipped up. the scientist conceded.
Elias sat down and lowered his head in imitation of his reticent and lacklustre crew and let out an exasperated sigh.
Okay, this is whats going to happen for the next few hours until its time to reassemble in the flight deck for re-entry back into Earths atmosphere. You are all confined to your quarters, you will not leave your lodgings at any time unless under my instruction. If I see anyone wandering around this orbiter I will shoot them on sight. Do I make myself clear? 
 There was a deep-rooted look of acknowledgment between his crewmembers and without verbal confirmation the team in unison, got to their feet and left the lounge area to retire to their individual quarters. Elias, alone, walked to the flight deck to contact Houston mission control, and as he sat down at the glowing computer panels to initiate his assignment report, a wave of apprehension about what he was going to say momentarily delayed his communiqu. He told himself to remain calm and to relate only the bare facts on a strictly need to know basis, and then pushed the radio button to begin his status assessment.
Houston, this is the SS Warrior, come in over. 
Jizzy responded almost instantaneously.
Penchansky, where the hell you been at bro. We thought your ass been lost in space, an not a word on the wire, sheeet whys there aint been no radio contact?
Take it easy Jizzy; we had some communication problems during the base assessment and couldnt receive a radio signal due to the surrounding elements. 
Jizzy was in no mood to be palmed off with feeble excuses. 
EP might be in the house now but, we aint had no word from you in over eight hours homeboy, whats jiving up there daug, an whats your mission status? 
The moon base has been destroyed by some sort of self-destruct mechanism that was auto triggered from the control room. Honeydew, Catts and I all made it out alive; regretfully Rykov and Van Velsen perished along with the base. And you can tell Bane that it takes more than a second rate Russian mercenary to eradicate Elias Penchansky, you can also tell him that the instant I step back onto U.S. soil, I will hunt him down and tear him a new asshole!
The sound of static suddenly filled the cockpit.
Commander you breaking up repeat breaking up. Jizzy Sputtered over the radio. 
Elias punched the monitor screen in frustration, it didnt help any.
Houston, come-in over! He bellowed in vain. Jizzy, Houston, this is the Warrior, do you read me, over?
The static now eased into complete silence. The last message transmitted between mission control and the SS Warrior, had just transpired.
*
Director of Kennedy Space Centre  and President Banes internal puppet  John Spiker, sat down at his desk after returning from the main communications room. He had just borne witness to the incoming message from the SS Warrior and had managed to override and terminate all broadcasts between the orbiter and Houston before Elias had had the opportunity to start blabbing off at the mouth. He would now update the President to the current mission status and just hoped that hed be pleased with the overall outcome; the base was destroyed and that, really, was their foremost concern. He picked up the phone, took a deep breath, and began his call to the Whitehouse.
*
Chapter 8
The Whitehouse, Friday August 7th
At 4.45 a.m., President Clayton Bane received the confirmation from director John Spiker that hed been waiting for. He was pleased that their main objective  the destruction of the Spinal and ruby mine  had gone as planned, on the other hand though, he was furious that Yuri Rykov had botched the eradication of Elias, Catts and Honeydew; but at least that stupid old geologist was dead though, that much was a bonus and it would save him having to silence him himself. Still it didnt matter too much; once the rest of them were back home they would all be imprisoned and exterminated anyway, so why worry. 
The President pushed the blue button on the oval office phone; this was the direct line to Prime Minister Charles Frederick, and his call was answered after only three rings; the PM himself picking it up.
Mr President, I hope you bring me virtuous news? 
I indeed bring good tidings Prime Minister Frederick. Bane replied in a put-on and bunkum English accent, causing both to laugh at the appalling impression.
Excellent news Clayton, so were all set then? inquired the Prime Minister. 
All set and ready to go. As soon as the Warrior touches down at Kennedy and the crew have been dealt with, we will board Air Force One and head for London.
We, who are we? asked Frederick. 
Well I thought it would look more convincing if I brought along the family, you know, like an unplanned vacation, an I was passing so I thought I might as well drop in kinda thing.
Thats all well and good Clayton, but your guests will have to stay on in London Im afraid. They cannot come back on Air Force One with us, we will have far too much organizing and planning to do to be recurrently interrupted by family affairs and the like, plus you do remember whats going to happen to Londondont you?
A wry smile developed on Clayton Banes face.
I know whats going to transpire in London Charles after all we developed these plans together; Im simply leaving my baggage at the airport, thats all. 
Frederick smiled and shook his head.
You really are a cold hearted bastard Clayton; its amazing how alike we truly are. Both men cackled in unison before the Prime Minister continued. 
If you give me a call when you are a leaving Washington, I will get one of my flunkys to call the security services at Stansted airport and quietly inform them of your intended arrival time, meanwhile, I have a few loose ends to tie up before our rendezvous stage. As for your family, I have a nice pad in Belgravia that they can have, I will tell my driver to take them there; its in a fantastic location for sightseeing and the likes.
Sightseeing! Bane bellowed theyd better be quick off the mark to get some sightseeing done.
Both men, once more, began to laugh, and then could not stop laughing, there were tears streaming down their cheeks as both convulsed with hysteria.
Both mutually hung up wiping the tears of mirth from their eyes.
President Bane now had two more quick calls to make; the relatives of the two deceased astronauts would have to be informed of their loved ones demise in the line of duty. After fumbling around inside his desk drawer to obtain their next of kin details, he realised that in actual fact he would have only one call to make. Peter Van Velsen had no living relatives to contact  or at least none that were marked down on his Intel details  so the only person he would have to notify would be Yuri Rykovs partner  Ivana Vasilyevich, who it seemed from the printed details and attached photograph, was also apparently the elegant and beautiful Ms NASA. At 5.25am, he picked up the phone and began to dial her number. 
*
Chapter 9
Orlando, Florida, Friday August 7th
After the successful launch of the Warrior, Ivana Vasilyevich had returned home to her apartment in Orlando. She really should have resumed her meet and greet duties as Ms NASA at Kennedys visitor centre, but felt that her body and mind were just not up to the constant and infernal obligations that were the norm of her humdrum and mundane daily routine. Instead, she had skipped work and gone straight home. 
Feeling drained, she was also in desperate need of sustenance herself, as the last few days involving the embrace of Yuris becoming  and personally providing him with the nourishment he needed to build up his newly developed kindred strength  had in reality taken their toll. She would also have to feed properly before his return, as the emergency supply of blood that she kept in the fridge was now completely gone; having given away the last droplets to her lover in a flask before he set off for Washington to meet up with his crew. Stripping down to her lacy black underwear and lying on her bed, she had spent the next few hours fretting about the wellbeing of her beloved companion and drifting in and out of a fitful sleep. By 4.00 p.m. on the afternoon of the 6th , she was feeling so dreadfully  voracious that she decided to risk going out to feed in the daylight. 
She quickly dressed in her time-honoured and beguiling hunting attire  a black leather zip-up catsuit combined with a pair of black four inch heel lace up knee high boots  and one hour later, fully re-nourished after successfully dining on a retched and awestruck drug dealer of around forty years of age, she stealthily fled back to her apartment, lay down on the lounge sofa and began to relax slightly. 
Drifting away into a deep sleep, time passed quickly until, drenched in midnights darkness, she suddenly awoke with a feeling of fearful and morbid trepidation surging through her core. Sitting up, still emotionally charged and fulfilled from her rabid feeding frenzy, she tried hard to evaluate the passionate state of consternation that now overwhelmed her being. Something was definitely amiss, that much her profound elder astuteness was acutely aware ofbut what? Wracking her subconscious mind through a myriad of swiftly summoned vortexes of time and continuum, Ivana extended her inimitably and insightful telepathic gift out into the vast beyond as far as her sensitivity would allow. Then it came to her. In a sudden and terror-provoking upwelling of enlightenment, she precipitously comprehended that the love of her life  Yuri Rykov  was in state of critical endangerment. She could physically feel his suffering pulsing and swelling in the copious substance of her intrinsic marrow. There was nothing she could consciously, or materially, do about it, she had no idea what was actually happening to him, but some terribly foul aura of kismet was undoubtedly surrounding his cerebral animation. Then suddenly, as swiftly as the feeling of trepidation had arisen within her,  it degenerated back out into the infinite ether of time, its valedictory gift a horrendous feeling of momentous sorrow; something that the everlasting woman from Eastern Europe had poignantly caressed many times before throughout her vast time-spanned and habitually solitary aeons of perpetual existence. Ivana lay back down in the soft surroundings of the lounge sofa and closed her eyes; a solitary tear drifting forlornly down her pale-skinned cheekbone.
*
Ivana awoke a few hours later to the startling sound of the phone ringing in her ears, and in a drowsy and desolate haze, she picked up the receiver. 
Hello. she whispered almost inaudibly. 
Hello, Ms Ivana Vasilyevich?
Yes. 
Sorry to call you at this unearthly hour Ms, this is President Clayton Bane here, Im afraid I have to inform you of some unfortunate news regarding our mission to Lunar outpost one. Am I correct in understanding that you are Yuri Rykovs next of kin?
Ivana hesitated; she knew what was coming next.
Yes thats correct. she replied softly.
Im sorry, but Im afraid Major Rykov has been lost in the line of duty. 
Lost?  
Yes, hes been lost. Hes dead Ms, perished alongside our geologist Peter Van Velsen during the moon base recon.
So where is he? 
 Unfortunately the surviving crewmembers were unable to recover their lost associates bodies from inside the base before it imploded, sorry.
So hes still inside the base? 
Well whats left of him after the explosion is still inside the base. he replied crudely.
An impulsive and vehement anger instantly engulfed Ivana, not anger at Clayton Banes tactless annotations, but anger at the fact that she would not even have a body to mourn over, and even in death, her lover and companion would never be returned to her. An insatiable fury also, at the fact that Yuri must have been subjected to an exceptionally violent death; to exterminate a vampire requires a great deal of out-and-out ferocity, even a fledgling like Yuri has a fundamentally unique power and beastly capability to withstand most attempts on his existence. 
Lecherously detecting her sorrow, Bane now turned his mind to his sickly and grotesque attempt at consolation. And now fully accepting of her genuine credentials, he really did fancy having a pop at seducing her curvaceous and erogenous  and in his eyes, somewhat vulnerable - form. 
Please Ivana; if I may I call you Ivana. he began, First let me say how sad I was to hear the news about Yuri, he was one of my finest troopers and he will be solemnly missed.  Secondly, if there is anything I can do to ease your suffering, anything at all my dear, just say the word and Ill be there, even if its just a shoulder to cry on. 
Ivana heard the superficial words emanating from of President Banes mouth but the only thing she could now think of was her revenge. She wanted to make someone pay the price for the death and loss of her beloved Lubovnik, her lover.
There is only one thing I want. she snapped back. And that is vengeance for the fallen and retribution for the demise of the only man I have ever loved.
Anything you yearn for my love, just name it and it will be done. Bane whispered lecherously. 
The elder vampire thought for a few moments about exactly what process her vengeance should take, then after what seemed like an era of silence, finally came back with her rancorous mandate.
I want to exterminate the surviving crewmembers of the SS Warrior. she stated coldly. I want to make them suffer for their disrespectfulness and the insubordinate negligence that resulted in the death of my darling Yuri. In short, I want them dead. 
Your wish shall be my command, replied Bane. anything to relieve your pain my precious, the second they step off the orbiter theyll be arrested for treason and taken into custody, and from there, I will arrange for a trip out into the swamplands where you can personally relieve them from duty and singlehandedly render them gator bait.
Bane inwardly grinned, he couldnt believe his luck, he was always going to dispose of the remaining crew anyway, but this was even better and it looked like he was doing Ms NASA  his instantly decidedly brand-new and most recent conquest - a big favour. He would be bouncing on her bones within a weekdead set. Bane was beginning to feel very satisfied with himself, until a few seconds later when Ivana retorted back with her own subjective and vengeful strategy.
I have a better way to deal with the insurrectionary filth. she proclaimed. And that is to take out the orbiter Warrior and its seditious crew before it lands back at Kennedy. 
Ivana waited for a response, nothing was forthcoming because Bane didnt understand half the words the woman was saying. All he could think about now was grappling his plump and clammy hands around her TNA - Titts N Ass. At that moment Ivana decided, that if Bane did not agree to grant her the requested retribution, she would slaughter him along with the rest of the wrong doers, after-all he was as much to blame for this desperate situation as the remainder of the crew were. However, for the moment, she continued with her vengeful entreaty.
I want them to vanish from existence like my darling Yuri has vanished from me. You must understand Mr Bane, I have no remains to lay to rest and no entombment to attend, and so it should be for their families. So I myself, and by my hand alone, want to eviscerate that group of deserters when theyre coming in for final approach to Kennedy, so that their blackened carcasses ignite and fragment into nothing more than disseminated fish fare, then  descend to the bottom of the ocean never to be perceived again. I, Ivana Vasilyevich, want the guaranteed satisfaction of sending them all into perdition, where their undying screams will bellow out hopelessly within the underworlds caustic and eternal firestorms; scorching and torturous agony the only remnants of mortal awareness.
This bitch is freakin cracked thought Bane, shes seriously unhinged.
So let me get this straight Ms, you, Ivana Vasilyevich, want to personally shoot down the SS Warrior over the Atlantic Ocean is that what youre asking of me? He queried incredulously.
Yes, thats exactly what Im asking of you Mr President.
Bane was dumbfounded.
Tell me darlin, just how am I supposed to let you shoot down a United States space shuttle thats on final approach without any good reason?
Simple its an issue of National security.
National security? 
Yes national security. Tell me, do you like Golf Mr Bane? she asked unexpectedly. 
Golf yea I like golf, he replied in a slightly confused tone play off a nine handicap 
And are you familiar with a player called Payne Stewart?
Payne Stewart, Yea, poor dead bastard, I knew him personally, three majors and eleven PGA wins, guy was a golfing legend. Why?
Hypoxia. she replied
What?
He died from Hypoxia, the Lear jet he was travelling in suffered from acute  depressurization, suffocating the pilot, crew, and all passengers. The plane, still cruising on autopilot, angled off-course and after being tracked by air National Guard F-16 fighting falcons, finally run out of fuel and crashed into a field near Mina, South Dakota.
Bane was astonished by Ivanas knowledge of golfing history but could not understand the relevance between Payne Stewart and the Warrior. It took him another ten seconds to come to terms with and actually understand what her strategy was; finally realising that in her view the orbiter Warrior could quite legitimately be shot down if it posed a threat to the surrounding area of Orlando. 
So Ivana, you want me to put out a press release saying that the orbiter Warrior is flying on autopilot, that there has been no radio contact from the crew  which was actually true since John Spiker had had the foresight to cut off all communications - and it appears from our ground staff in both Houston and Orlando that the crew of the Warrior have suffered from a complete Internal Atmosphere Control System failure which has unfortunately led to their untimely demise resulting from acute suffocation, e.g. hypoxia?
Yes, exactly. she confirmed coolly, then added And because the shuttle is flying on an autopilot course for Kennedy Space Centre, unfortunately it will now have to be taken out over the Atlantic Ocean to make sure it does not crash land in a built up or densely populated area. 
Unwittingly and unbeknown to Bane, his own mortality was now based on his next decision. The President was silent for a moment while he took it all in.
You know my darling; you are a genius, what a fantastic plot. He finally replied. This way, we get rid of the surplice dregs without them landing to the usual heros welcome, and with the dead crew lost at sea, the media will be wetting their pants to get the full story, thus in turn, taking their oppressing attention away from me. Why didnt I think of that?
Bane could not quite believe the next question he was going to askbut decided to humour her anyway.  
Ivana, tell me honey, can you pilot a fighter jet? he probed disbelievingly, stopping himself from sniggering down the phone line. Thinking that the woman was simply blinded by vengeance and didnt have the first clue about flying a jet, Bane actually liked her proposal and would still go along with her strategic plan although hed probably have to employ a few fighters from the nearby Patrick Air Force base to do the real dirty work. 
Ivana detected the sarcasm in Banes Voice and knew that he had no idea of her warfare credentials. It was time to put him straight  well at least with the most recent and substantially plausible facts.
I know you may only know me as the glamorous face of NASA Mr Bane and the partner of a deceased Russian mercenary, but before I came to this country I was a very illustrious and well-honoured pilot with the 2nd Air-space defence brigade based in the city of St Petersburg.  A decade of loyal service I gave over to them before I was coerced into leaving. For eight of those years I was flying recon missions over Chechnya, every day being shot at by rebel troops on the ground, then for my final stint I was flying Sukhoi SU-35s on secret bombing raids into the Ukraine. Do you know how I was thanked for my epoch of devoted service Mr President, do You, my beloved Russia spat me out like an aborted foetus from a street whores womb that was my prized reward. I left St Petersburg within two weeks of being discharged from the military, and with only an outcasts odium remaining for me in my homeland; I swiftly flew to New York to start my new beginnings. From there I intuitively relocated to Florida in search of some belonging and purpose in my life, before ultimately the wondrous grandeur of destiny finally thrust my beloved soul mate, Yuri Rykov, into my solemn and lonely existence. Now he is dead and I am left hollow. Thats my story Mr Bane and to answer your question, yes I can pilot a fighter jet, any fighter jet for that matter. What can you fly Mr President Clayton Bane, apart from your stars and stripes?
Bane was aghast and could not believe what he was hearing, and knowing about Ivanas combat credentials only made him desire her more.
Okay sweetheart youve got the gig. he confirmed. Just after the Warrior comes through re-entry I will give my good friend Jack Buzzer Johnson a call, as the head of NASA administration, he can release a press statement informing the world of the crews Hypoxia. You can then take off from Kennedy and track down the shuttle on its final approach. 
In the meantime I will arrange for a fighter jet to be relocated from Patrick Air Force over to Kennedy so as it will be conveniently on hand at the Cape when you arrive. The SS Warrior is due to land at 11.00 a.m. this morning, so youd better get over to Kennedy for 9.00 a.m. at the latest, that should give you enough time to meet up with Jack and make your final flight preparations. 
Thank-you for your promise Mr Bane, you will be momentously rewarded for your unhesitating tenacity. 
You better believe it bitch Bane thought to himself. Then decided to leave her in no doubt as to the price she would have to pay for her reward of compassion. 
Oh and one more thing Ivana, say in a few months time when this situation has all but been resolved, why dont you pop up and see me for a while just so we can get to know each other a little better eh, after all both of us will be due some much needed rest and relaxation, perhaps Ill take you up to my secluded woodland cabin for a quiet weekend, just the two of us?
Ivana held her composure knowing exactly what Bane wanted in return for allowing her vengeance. She would play the game for now, but he would never lay a single finger upon her or he would die trying. 
Yes Mr Bane that sounds delightful. I will be in-touch.
Please Ivana, its Clayton to my friends.
That sounds fine, Clayton. 
Thats better. Speak soon.
Goodbye Mr President.
Goodbye Clayton. he corrected her.
Ivana hung up the phone without voicing the amendment and slumped down onto the lounge sofa. 
In under five hours time she would be in control of her revenge and shadowing the orbiter Warrior over the North Atlantic Ocean; its titanic fuselage, locked between her deadly sights. 
*
Upon concluding tactics with Ivana Vasilyevich, President Bane dialled Kennedy Space Centre and asked to be put through to John Spikers office knowing full well that the director would still be in situ assiduously monitoring the homeward bound progress of the SS Warrior. 
When the director picked up the call Bane briefly informed him of their new procedures for the orbiter and its crew and asked him to call over to Patrick Air Force base to arrange for a fighter jet to be delivered before 9.00 a.m. And if they asked why, he was to make up some plausible justification.
Ten minutes later President Bane received a return call from Spiker saying that the Patrick base were only be able to deliver an old F-16XL that they had in for some restoration work and delta wing analysis, the reason being that all of their other fighters were either due out for early morning practice manoeuvres or were being serviced in preparation to be shipped out to the U.S. oil-war in Nigeria, Africa. So Spiker had agreed that the old F-16 would have to do and asked them to bring it over ASAP. And when the officer he had spoken to had asked him why they needed it in such a hurry, hed made up the excuse that some old war veterans were visiting the space centre later on that morning and that hed just though it would be a nice touch to have a real live fighter plane parked up at the front gate to meet them. Bane expressed his thanks and told him that the pilot, Ivana Vasilyevich, would be in at Kennedy for 9.00 a.m. and to meet up with her and inform her where the Fighter jet would be located and where she could get clothed for combat. Director Spiker all but fell from his chair when Bane mentioned the name of the pilot, but didnt utter a word against the Presidents, clearly insane, choice of combatant. Subsequently he informed Spiker to get in touch again after the business was done, and after placing down the receiver, he then began to daydream about his rich and sensuous repayment from the one and only Ms NASA.
*
Chapter 10
Kennedy Space Centre, Friday August 7th
Ivana Vasilyevich left her apartment at 8.00 a.m. for the one-hour drive to Cape Canaveral and apart from a family of Heron crossing the road near the headland causeway, the drive proved uneventful. She pulled up into the headquarters parking lot at 8.55 a.m. exactly.
Up in his office, director John Spiker was anxiously awaiting her arrival, and the second he spotted her car entering the parking lot, he buzzed down to admin reception to request that she be sent up immediately. Four minutes later Ivana Vasilyevich was standing in the open doorway to his office, still dressed in her black leather catsuit and boots. Director Spiker? she inquired.
John Spiker was sitting behind his desk and immediately shifted his gaze towards the entranceway. 
Come in and take a seat Ms Vasilyevich, and please, call me John. he said
Okay John. 
Closing the door behind her, she walked over to his desk and sat down in the leather chair opposite him. The large desk seemed to dwarf his slight frame; a small man with large ambitions, she thought. 
Ivana firstly let me express my sympathy for your loss, I only had the pleasure of meeting Yuri once, but from what my good friend President Bane tells me, he was an exceptional character. He gave her a sympathetic frown. 
About the plane, what do I have to work with? She asked abruptly.
Straight down to business then. he answered curtly. I have secured you a General Dynamics F-16XL. I know its a bit of an old bucket as far as modern fighters go, but it was all I could get at short notice, so Im afraid it will have to do.
Ivana had flown F-16s numerous times before and even though it was apparently old, at least she would have no problem in navigating her way around the controls.
Thats fine, so what happens next? she asked 
John Spiker stared into Ivanas eyes and chauvinistically wondered just how someone so womanly and gorgeous could possibly be adept at piloting a fighter jet.
Well Ms Vasilyevich, from here you will go straight over to the operations and checkout building where you will be equipped with your flight suit; I have arranged for a clued in female member of staff, chief supervisor Alexia Valentine, to meet you there and help assist you. Once kitted up, you will then be escorted along to hanger alpha in the shuttle landing facility where the fighter jet is docked ready and waiting. At approx. 10.30 a.m., just after the Warrior comes through re-entry, administrator Jack Buzzer Johnson will issue a worldwide press statement confirming the unfortunate hypoxia of the Space Shuttle Warriors crew, and inform the world that NASA will have no other option but to track her final approach with extreme vigilance, the main reason being the safety of local residents in Orlando, Brevard County, and Cape Canaveral itself. Plus, to avert what could be a catastrophic disaster; we may have to bring the orbiter down over the Atlantic Ocean and as you know, thats where you come in.
Ivana stood up, and without saying goodbye, walked over to the office door, opened it and departed out into the corridor.
John Spiker now sat alone at his desk, still staring into the void that was left by Ms NASA; he found himself fantasising about the death of his wife. At her funeral, a black veiled Ivana Vasilyevich was consoling him, only a woman of such beauty and consideration could understand his pain, after all, she had been through it herself. Then later, he would take her home and plead for her sensuous comfort, the final wish of a disconsolate soul. An abrupt thwack on his door brought him instantly out of his daydream; it was his secretary Mei Wong with todays itinerary schedules resting in the crook of her arm.
Sorry sir, I didnt mean to startle you I have todays schedules for you to look at. she said, not wanting to sound intrusive.
No, eh sorry Mei, I was preoccupied there, please come in and well go through them. 
Mei Wong occupied the still warm armchair opposite Spikers desk and opened the days order of events. As she began to verbally list the impending engagements she noticed her boss was slipping back into a veiled and glassy eyed abstraction, and as he arched his head to rest on his chair back, the furthest thing from his mind were the days reports. 
By 10.00 a.m. Ivana had already made her way over to the operations and checkout buildings kit-up facility, and was almost fully rigged out in her flight suit when internal operations chief supervisor, Alexia Valentine, entered the locker room. Dressed for business in a knee length pewter skirt and white blouse, her chestnut hair was so tightly scraped back on her scalp, that it rendered her with a startling expression of perpetual shock. 
Ms Valentine was a notorious hard case, and as the twenty-five-year-old daughter of aviation billionaire Hank Valentine, she was no stranger to intimidation, making her underlings feel insignificant was her speciality. Much to her fathers dismay though, she had rejected the family business and followed her love of science into the world of astrophysics, an even more highbrow profession than her fathers. As she strode up to greet Ivana, an unexpected rush of admiration surged through the chief supervisors system. Here, right in front of her, was a real red blooded woman; a woman fighting for her honour and the right to feel meaningful, who was actually doing something about the injustice she had been dealt. Once this was all over, perhaps they could be friends she thought, maybe more.
Ms Vasilyevich, she began, my name is Alexia Valentine and I am chief supervisor of NASA internal operations, its a privilege to meet you. she held out her hand in friendship. Ivana shook her outstretched hand with a steady grip.
Likewise. she responded firmly. 
An awkward silence followed the handshake as the two women stared into each others eyes. Ivana broke the tension.
So Ms Valentine, have you come to escort me to the landing facility? She asked.
Yes I have. Director Spiker asked me to come over and pick you up. For security reasons he thought it would look better if you arrived at the hanger with me.
Fine, said Ivana lets get going then.
Alexia glanced at her watch, it was now 10.20 a.m. 
As it was a little too early to leave for the landing facility, Alexia Valentine decided to go through her briefing again for the benefit of Ivana. 
We still have a little time to spare, so if you dont mind, I will just recap our strategy for the mission. In around ten minutes time, she began, at 10.30 a.m., administrator Jack Johnson will go on live television and tell the world about the unfortunate circumstances surrounding the Space Shuttle Warrior. This will simultaneously coincide with the sounding of the Kennedy Space Centre evacuation alarm and that will be our signal to leave. During the ensuing chaos, we will drive over to the landing facility, and once through the security gate, we will make our way across to departure station alpha, thats where your F-16 is docked. Shes all fuelled up and ready to roll.  
Ivana sat down on the central wooden bench and Alexia took a seat next to her. She had never met the woman before, she had seen her face on numerous NASA advertisements around the centre and knew who she was, but shed never actually been in her company. Now as she sat next to her, a peculiar feeling of attachment washed over her, her hard-hitting faade was melting away and being replaced by something new, something alien to her, something close to empathy, no it was more like adoration; it was stifling her usual tough and normally impenetrable senses. She could not believe what she was about to say. This unfamiliar entrancing woman had awoken something dormant inside her very being something wonderful that had to be unrestrained.  
You know you can still pull out of this, dont you? Alexia said, its not too lateI could help you, you could come home with me, I would look after you, keep you safe from the government, no one would even know you were there my house is very private.
Ivana did not blink an eye at Alexias proposal; she simply continued to stare up into a fantasy sky for what seemed like an age; finally she replied.
Thank you for your kindness Ms Valentine, but I have sworn revenge on the souls of the guilty; I cannot breathe until I have righteous consolation. 
Alexia Valentine intensely desired to comfort the woman that sat only inches from her, snake her arms around her and grasp her close in a tight embrace, let her know that she was a kindred spirit and someone that she could confide in and trust. Ivanas entrancing enchantment was instantly shattered by the whooping wail from the evacuation alarm. Claiming her flight helmet from the locker, she turned and walked towards the exit; Alexia Valentine still gazing up in awe of her, remained motionless on the bench.
Its time to go now Alexia, Ivana whispered, come now, we have work to do.
The chief supervisor rose from her seat and ambled gently towards Ivana and the door; she could not remove the look of magical fascination from her face, every step closer to this peculiar but captivating woman seemed to her a step closer to her own unbounded completeness. Alexia Valentine came to a halt, her face, now only inches away from Ivanas. Still gaping into the alluring vampires entrancing eyes, she slowly opened the top three buttons of her blouse, her pale skinned neck, now bared for nourishment. Ivana gently inclined her head over Alexias exposed flesh and kissed her softly on the shoulder, then, without further enticement, speared her stimulated fangs deep into the chief supervisors jugular artery. Almost instantly, Alexias legs buckled from under her, but somehow, amazingly, she remained standing upright. This un-fearful, but still mystically unsettling entranced perception was akin to some of her more vivid dreams of spiritually floating through the air; the profound awareness of self-immortality, at this moment, engulfed her to the core. Then it was over, Ivana was withdrawing herself from feeding and through Alexias hazy vision she could just make out her new sires blood smeared appearance and the small rivers of red that were trickling from her chin and dropping down onto her flight suit below. Next thing she knew, she was outside the operations and checkout building and being vaguely aided into a vehicle, the sound of sirens or alarms deafening in her ears. Immediately after that, darkness engulfed her in a trance-like ambiance, and sight and sound swiftly departed from her being like the veil of deaths own touch. When she finally awoke from her unfathomable torpor, life for Alexia Valentine would be transformed forever.
*
Chapter 11
Earth Re-entry, Friday August 7th
Back on-board the SS Warrior it was now time for Elias to shock the troops out from their enforced incubation and order them to re-suit and reconvene in the flight deck for planetary approach and re-entry into Earths atmosphere. The Warrior was halfway around the world from Kennedy Space Centre and it was now time to get on with the serious business at hand, then hopefully, onto a sweet and safe landing in Florida.  
After rousing the crew from their quarters, Elias escorted them into the cockpit and tried to stimulate them into life. They all looked like they were drowning in monotony. Elias stood up, spread his arms out as wide as he could and started to spin around slowly. This was his attempt at motivating his crew for the big drop back to civilization.
Okay players, roll up, roll up and take your seats for the thrill of a lifetime. he enthused. We, and when I say we I mean Assamo and me, are going to attempt a seventeen-thousand miles per hour re-entry back home to your planet of birth, thats Earth Nelson. Not only are we going to do this at that phenomenal speed, but we will also be soaring through air friction molecules that are approximately three-thousand degrees Fahrenheit. Now is that cool or what, any questions people?
Nothing was forthcoming from either Kimberly or Nelson, only Assamo managed a half-hearted attempt at a smile. Elias ordered them to take their seats and buckle up for the joyride, and all took their respective positions before securing their harnesses as instructed. Elias was now staring at the computer screen in front of him and specifically at the orbiters re-entry speed. They had to decrease their cruising speed of seventy-two-thousand miles per hour to seventeen-thousand miles per hour to negotiate the safe return into the Earths stratosphere. The Commander mechanically began the systematic procedures of re-entry.
Back of Magneto-plasma Rockets. he ordered his pilot.
Assamo complied. 
Disengage Variable Specific Impulse Magneto-plasma Rockets. his next command.
Assamo pushed forward on the large red handled lever in the centre of the control console and instantly the Warriors engines decelerated to the required velocity for the fall back to Earth. 
Twenty minutes to upper atmosphere Commander. reported Assamo.
Elias checked the Warriors angle of re-entry and noticed it was slightly steep.
Adjust entry pitch to forty degrees. he ordered. Assamo obeyed his Commanders order and the orbiters nose rose up about ten degrees.
They were now in perfect re-entry position so Elias burned off the leftover fuel from the internal tanks just as a safety precaution. One minute later, they were officially engaged in their final descent to Earth. The crew, at present, were now just commuters along for the ride. At this point on a regular mission, the crew would usually encounter twelve minutes of ionization blackout and radio communications shutdown caused by the searing hot gases of Earths fiery atmosphere. This time though, that would not make the slightest difference, as there had been no contact with mission control for almost seven hours. Elias told Assamo to keep an eye on the orbiters forty degrees entry angle and if the position changed, he told him to use the aft steering jets to correct any deviance. As it was, everything was stable and they were now fully immersed in Planet Earths fiery defence structure. 
*
Ivana Vasilyevich screeched out from the operations and checkout parking lot and turned right along Kennedy Parkway North towards the shuttle landing facility where the F-16 was waiting in situ. As the huge complex of buildings and hangers came into view, she caught sight of the gleaming silvery fighter located outside the entrance to hanger alpha. The F-16 was already facing the towpath to the three mile landing strip, or in this case, the take-off runway, and looked primed and ready for action. Less than a minute later, she swung the car into the landing complex and headed straight for the security gate. The gate was already open. She also noticed it was unmanned; assuming that the guards must have bailed from their posts when the e-vac alarm had sounded. There was nothing between her and the F-16 and seconds later, she slammed on the vehicles brakes and came to a stop adjacent to the fighter jets immense fuselage. She swung open the car door, grasped her helmet and jumped out onto the grey asphalt. Alexia Valentine remained spellbound in the passenger seat, entranced in a state of inertia, every organism of her being was altering into a newly rooted malevolent perfection. Ivana left Alexia in the car and made her way over to the fighter, thankfully the stair-cart up to the cockpit was in place, and the Russian strode up the metal steps two at time. 
After securing herself into the F-16 cockpit, she closed the glass canopy and attached her helmet and oxygen mask. Next, she switched on the jet fuel starter and patiently waited for it to spin up to speed. Moments later, the main engine had cranked up to idle speed and Ivana sparked the ignition switch. The resulting fuel and air mixture thundered the F-16s engine into life. After an extremely rapid instrument and systems check, she slowly taxied the fighter forward across the main boulevard and along the tow road to the shuttle landing facility; once there, she hit a left and manoeuvred the jet onto the central runway. She was now lined up for departure and asked the tower for clearance. She didnt have to wait long, almost instantly John Spikers voice came over the radio.
Falcon one, this is NASA tower, youre cleared for take-off from central runway west, wind fifteen at five, over. 
Ivana vigilantly scanned the runway in front of her, and then cast a cautious eye along the grassy threshold for any movement. This was a practice she had adopted six years ago after a Siberian Musk Deer came out from nowhere and ran directly across the oncoming path of her Sukhoi SU-24 seconds before take-off, miraculously, the animal cleared the undercarriage and sprang out the other side completely avoiding the fatal consequences of a collision. All looked clear and Ivana raised the F-16s revs up to 90,000rpm; the thunderous roar emanating from the old fighters single engine was now deafening.
Falcon one commencing action. She informed the tower, then immediately unharnessed the jets full power. 
The F-16 catapulted down the runway, and fifteen-hundred feet down the line, she had reached the one-hundred and thirty knot take-off speed. She gently eased back on the control stick and the fighter lifted effortlessly into the air. At two-hundred feet, she banked the jet hard right and out over the Atlantic Ocean; all she had to do now, was seek and destroy the Space Shuttle Warrior.
*
The Warrior and her crew were now cleanly out the other side and soaring through Earths crystal clear and wondrously homely cobalt sky. They had made it back into the main air of the natural worlds atmosphere without a hitch and they were now flying just like a regular airplane thanks to the Warriors perfectly designed swept back Delta wings. Elias checked that the flight computers were still running on autopilot  which they were - then checked that they had not been damaged during the re-entry; they had not. Landing time was now shown at exactly 11.00 a.m. EDT; they were dead on schedule. With the altimeter reading one-hundred and fifty-thousand feet, the shuttle instinctively banked over to the left and began to initiate the auto-programmed S turns that slowed the orbiters decent speed right down to enable it to instigate final approach. At one-hundred and forty miles out from the Floridian landing site, the mainframe computer picked up the Tactical Air Navigation systems radio beacon, and although they still had no radio communications with ground control, at least now the autopilot had located Kennedys three-mile landing strip. At one-hundred miles out the flight computer made a piercing whooping noise to indicate that the flight controls were switching over to manual mode and full control of the SS Warrior would now be passed over to the Commander and pilot. The altimeter read an altitude of 20000FT which meant it was now time for Elias to line up the orbiter for final approach. He looked around at his band of astronauts just to make sure they were all coping with the trauma that comes from plummeting down from space, they all seemed fine. 
Okay crew were just about home, now for the fun part. he informed them with a smile.
Elias pushed the shuttles joystick control yoke outwards and down and the nose of the orbiter dived down faster than an Italian soccer player trying to win a penalty kick.
Descent angle minus twenty degrees. Assamo indicated. The pilot loved this part of the approach as it reminded him of the insane exercises at his military training school.
Minus twenty degrees, just keep her descent steady Assamo. responded Elias.
The crew were immediately thrust back in their seats as the orbiters nose pitched downward with an angle of decent an astonishing seven times steeper than that of a conventional 747. The needle on the altimeter was spinning wildly and the numbers were falling faster than an anorexics bathroom scales; they were quite literally dropping to Earth. Moments later Assamo swiftly raised the orbiters nose out of its dive and levelled her out in preparation for landing approach; they were now thirty-five miles out from the Floridian coastline, at an altitude of five-thousand feet. 
*
Ivana levelled off the F-16 at five-thousand feet then radioed back to the tower for the Warriors alpha check, flight path and landing coordinates. A few moments later, John Spiker replied with the requested figures and the Russian dialled them into the timeworn jets computer system. Only fifteen minutes after the alarm had sounded at Kennedy, and five minutes after leaving the runway, Ivana Vasilyevich was on track for a 10.55 a.m. rendezvous with the orbiter Warrior. Once again she pulled back on the control stick and bumped the F-16 up to ten-thousand feet; she could not risk the orbiter crew catching sight of her, after all, that would ruin their homecoming surprise. 
At 10.54 a.m., five-thousand feet above the incoming shuttle and facing in the opposite direction, Ivana Vasilyevich stealthily cruised over the top of her target. Instants later, she aggressively banked the fighter over then dived down to ghostly trail in the wake of its flight path. Now for the first time; the Russian was closing in on her game, and after another forty seconds, she was right on the orbiters tale. Gently easing the jet up and over the top of the Warriors vertical stabiliser, she glided along its huge payload area, and sank the F-16 down over the forward bulkhead and out in front of its nose. Smiling to herself, she just wished she could see the look of confusion on Penchanskys face! The pilot now radioed back to the tower.
NASA tower, Falcon one in position, over.
Falcon one, this is NASA tower, can you confirm the condition of the shuttle Warrior, over? It was John Spikers voice on the radio set.
NASA tower, orbiters situation looks terminal, repeat terminal. Windows are completely frozen over and shes flying like tumbleweed. Looks like a definite case of internal systems failure leading to acute hypoxia, sorry John, but it looks like theyre all dead. 
The rehearsed lie was now broadcast for the remainder of the tower ATC staff, and anyone else with a radio link up to hear.
Falcon one, can you confirm the approximate altitude and airspeed of the Warrior, over? Spiker asked.
NASA tower, shes on the wing at five-thousand feet, airspeed around two-hundred knots, over.
There were a few moments of radio silence before director Spiker finally replied.
Falcon one, this is NASA tower, unfortunately we believe the orbiter now poses a significant threat to the residents of Brevard County and beyond, therefore it is my duty to take appropriate action. You must engage and neutralise the hostile immediately, I repeat, engage and neutralise the hostile immediately. Falcon one youre cleared hot, do you copy, over?
Falcon one understood, initiating neutralisation over and out.
This was the command Ivana was waiting for, she symbolically placed her thumb in the air and after holding it up for a few seconds, abruptly inverted it; she just hoped Penchansky had witnessed this fatal gesture of looming destruction. 
*
Back at NASA air traffic control, Director Spiker continued to play along with the game and immediately contacted Admin boss Jack Buzzer Johnson in Washington, D.C. with the condemning news from the fighter jet, he in turn, immediately informed the world of the catastrophic condition of the Space Shuttle Warrior and her four crewmembers. Stating that, if the crewless orbiter was to continue at its current speed and on the same trajectory, it would crash slap bang in the middle of Orlando killing hundreds of thousands of people. The risk was far too high. They had no choice but to take out the Space Shuttle Warrior over the Atlantic Ocean to save thousands of innocent lives and avert a major disaster.
There was nothing more they could do and their heartfelt sympathy went out to the crewmembers families and friends. That concluded the news conference and the worlds media now turned their attention to the final act of destruction. 
As they all scrambled teams to the coast in the hope of filming the stricken orbiters last moments, it was already far too late to witness the annihilation of the Warrior. By the time the masses gathered on the imminent destruction scene, all they would observe would be fragments of fluctuating wreckage dispersed for miles over a tranquil azure blue oceanic landscape.
*
Suddenly finding himself and his crew flying in the wake of a fighter jet, Penchanskys intensely meditative state of mind was swiftly traumatized. Words started to form in his mouth that could only be expressed in an arid and inaudible silence. He found himself staring at a ghost. Not a ghost in the spiritual sense, but a ghost none the less, and a blinding phantom from his past. Directly above the orbiters cockpit the immense bulk of a fighter jet had just soared smoothly overhead before descending in front of them into clear view, its silvery blue delta wings shimmering in the bright morning sunshine.
The ghost fighter. He managed to murmur, his eyes transfixed on the awesome spectacle. 
The ghost fighter. enquired Assamo What the hells the ghost fighter?
Elias did not avert his gaze to answer his pilots question.
Thats a ghost fighter he replied pointing out the forward windscreen, the F-16XL Fighting Falcon. There were only two made, and thats one of them. His eyes were now wide with rapture. 
How do you know thats actually one of these ghost fighters? Nelson asked.
I know, because I was one of only two NASA test pilots that experimented with them. The company that manufactured them, General Dynamics, only built two of them. They were constructed as competition for the F-15E Strike Eagle but the prototypes were shelved due to cutbacks, and both F-16XL were handed over to NASA for aeronautical research. Fortunately, for me, I had the privilege of pushing them to their limits, all in the name of research of course. They were later put into storage at Edwards Air Force base in California back in 99, and were nicknamed ghost fighter because only a handful of susceptible people had ever seen them.
There was no mistaking it, this was definitely one of the two Fighting Falcons; it was obvious from its huge dimensions  fifty-four feet long with a thirty-four foot wingspan  there was no other fighter jet that size. The other give away was the amount of hardware it was packing, two wingtip mounted AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles, four fuselage mounted AIM-120 AMRAAM missiles and twelve mark 82 five-hundred pound bombs; this jet was seriously loaded. If only they had radio contact, he could have asked the pilot what the welcome committee was for. Elias looked out at the fighter and wondered why it was guiding them in. Maybe it was to honour him for all his years of service, he was retiring after all and this would probably be his last mission. 
All of a sudden that poignant feeling of trepidation engulfed him again, the horrifying and spine tingling perception that something was just not genuine. When you do something one way fifteen times and for some reason it deviates on the sixteenth time, always be vigilant because theres usually a primary reason that its altered from the norm. His worst fears were confirmed instantly when he caught sight of the pilot, it was not the appearance of the person flying the jet that worried him, he could not perceive the face behind the mask, it was the pilots hand signal that struck terror into his heart; a slow thumb raised into the air then abruptly turned downwards, the universal military signal of imminent destruction.
Three miles out over the Atlantic Ocean and at an altitude of 3000ft, there would be no time left to lower the undercarriage, Commander and crews remaining stint, would be dedicated to survival.
*
Ivana pulled back on the F-16s control stick and blasted the fighter vertically upwards into a looping three-sixty backflip. After she came back around and levelled out at five-thousand feet, she activated the F-16s Wingtip mounted AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles, and just prior to engaging the kill button, allowed herself a wry smile.
Do svidaniya, Commander Penchansky. she hissed Razreshite mne provodit' vas v Chjort Goodbye Commander Penchansky let me accompany you to hell.
*
Chapter 12
Final Approach, Friday August 7th
Elias Penchansky knew there was no way he could tactically out manoeuvre the F-16. On final approach, a large and bulky orbiter was no more than a gigantic one-hundred ton glider and not exactly designed for acrobatic agility. All they could do now was try and escape. He re-engaged the autopilot then turned around to address his anxious crew.
Firstly, do not panic, he began calmly, but it seems we have ourselves a hostile welcoming committee. Secondly, I want everyone to remain composed and swiftly head for the escape module in the rear payload section. 
The crew unbuckled their harnesses and rose from their positions, and then one by one, in single file, trooped purposefully towards the rear of the Warrior. Nelson led the way up front with the Commander tagging back at the rear. As they entered the payload area Elias increased their urgency and, although he was still not in a mind-set of panic, that core sensitivity of foreboding instantly washed over him once more. Regrettably, before he could utter any further warning, an ear-splitting boom followed by a ferocious headlong surge, knocked the whole team off balance and hurtled them forward onto the floor. They had been hit, and Elias guessed the missile must have struck a section of reinforced carbon-carbon, probably mid-fuselage, on the upper surface above the wing. If theyd been hit anywhere else, they would now be plummeting wildly to a scorching and watery death.  Elias knew their time had run out and that they had to eject within moments before the F-16 lined them up again; you only get lucky once. He cajoled his crew back to their feet and hurried them along to the escape pod entrance, as he slid open the doors he instructed them to sit down inside and buckle up for the e-vac. Closing the orbiters internal access door, followed by the external door, they were now safely sealed inside the vacuumed escape module. With all crew now strapped in with the exception of himself, Elias manually opened the payload escape hatchs outer doors by pulling down on the twin handled release levers, then quickly secured his own body into his seat. By the time he turned to press the pods free-fall eject button the orbiters exterior emergency exit doors were already fully open. He punched the flashing discharge button without a moment to spare and his fist was still wedged against the glass switch when the F-16s final arsenal was launched at the shuttle. As the escape pod released and dropped from underneath the Warrior, two AIM-120 air-to-air missiles rear-ended the Warrior with devastating effect; the resulting explosion, eviscerating its fuselage. 
*
Indiscernible in the flailing wreckage and debris of the devastated shuttle, the Warriors escape module spiralled downwards towards the waiting swells of the Atlantic Ocean. With all the crew still in one piece and suffering only from mild shock, Elias decided to hold off pulling the release-control lever that ejects the pods parachute for a few moments more, knowing that the last thing they needed at this moment was to get struck by fragments of wreckage from the stricken and still tumbling Warrior. What felt like an age later  but was in actual fact only around ten seconds  the crews gyro-scoping free-fall mercifully ended when Elias finally discharged the chute. As the pod levelled out, he glanced at the altimeter; its reading was four-hundred feet. A few moments later, they splashed down into the Ocean and a surge of relief from the crew engulfed the small compartment. Their respite however, was short lived, as only seconds later; the module began to sink down into the deep azure nadir. As it continued its descent, the frightened company all stared up in silence at the depth gauge adjacent to the altimeter; its small gold needle seemed to be rotating in slow motion. Eventually, after four or five minutes of deafening silence, the module finally came to rest on the sandy seabed below. The depth gauges gold indicator now read 330ft /100m below surface. Elias looked around at his terrified crewmembers, their faces, a fusion of dread and apprehension. The situation was perfect, fear and anxiety, was always the best mind-set for interrogation. 
*
Ivana Vasilyevich radioed back to the tower to confirm splash A/A  target destroyed  and that she was now heading back to base. Director Spiker retorted over the radio with an understated congratulations on a job well done, and informed her that she would receive a subtle welcome when she touched down back at Kennedy. This was a deceitful lie of course, and by the time the eternal woman landed on the runway, the worlds media had already begun scrambling into position outside the Kennedy Space Centre in an attempt to secure an interview or even just a few words with the pilot that had brought down the Space Shuttle Warrior. 
Taxiing the F-16 to the end of the runway and back to the shuttle landing facility, she shut off its wailing engine in exactly the same spot she had left from. Moments later, some NASA leftover gopher, wheeled up the stair-cart and positioned it next to the jets cockpit then ran back toward the main hanger door entrance. Ivana opened the glass canopy, released her harness and disconnected her oxygen mask and helmet, as she stood up to exit the fighter jet, a sudden feeling of benevolence began to take hold of her transcendent emotions. Standing at the base of the ladder, staring up at her in awe, was Alexia Valentine; her glowing red eyes, confirmed her full becoming into the lineage of Nyrbtor. Ivana smiled down at her new fledgling, her bloodline, which was now Alexias bloodline, unified them together in everlasting life, their flesh was now one flesh, and would continue to be forever more. As they stood their gazing into each others souls, Ivana clairvoyantly presented the image of their mother to her new kin. Alexia Valentine absorbed the appearance of her fresh ancestry deep into her being and at that moment, wraithlike revelation of whom she now was, stunned her into absolute wonderment. For the gift bestowed upon her by her new blood kindred, was the greatest gift she had ever receivedThe olden giftthe eternal reincarnation in her blood of the Supreme Mother of them all, their mother, the Blood Countess Erzsbet Bthory. 
Ivana descended the metal steps to the ground, and straightaway Alexia Valentine clasped her arms around her, neck to neck, they embraced quietly, both drinking in the emotional atmosphere of a family homecoming. Taking her hand she guided Ivana towards the waiting car and opened the passenger side door. Still without a spoken word, Alexia walked round and entered via the drivers door, started the engine, then turned to face her sire.
They, she hissed, meaning director Spiker and his staff, are all waiting for you beyond the OPF parking lot. The media are swarming all over the bridge next to the visitor complex, and the U.S. Navy and police are patrolling the Atlantic coast line from Port Canaveral to Daytona.
Ivana did not respond, but understood exactly what her fledgling was saying. They were surrounded by people with grilling questions, debriefing they termed it, more like government cross-examination. Alexia snapped her thought.    
I have a boat. She stated, identifying Ivanas inner feelings. Ivana turned to face her. 
A boat, where? she asked, finally breaking her silence.
Its docked in the Indian River inlet just south of the landing strip; I can get us there in less than three minutes, if you think thats the best way out?
What then? The Russian asked tonelessly. 
Still gawking, like a kid in wonderment before Santa Claus, she continued with her checklist hoping shed get what she wanted, which was Ivana, at her home, for her to look after like no one has looked after her before.
Its a forty-five minute sail south to our exit point.
Once docked, there is a black Chevy Suburban located in the Sunrise Village parking lot. NASA has a guest condominium there for visiting VIPs, the car is parked outside, I have a set of keys for both in my pocket. From there, we head for the Florida 528 toll and straight on to Orlando where, as I said before, I have a house you can stay at. Its very private; youd be safe there. 
Ivana raised her left hand to silence her companion then slowly nodded her head to indicate she was willing to go along with her plans. 
Thank you Alexia. 
The chief supervisor floored the gas pedal and raced out of the shuttle landing facility towards the south end of the landing strip. A few moments later, they were out of the car and running towards the small Bayliner boat which was rope tied to a makeshift wooden mooring. After they both climbed aboard, Alexia cast off the Bayliners rope shackle, started the engine and pushed the boat away from the dock with her foot. After cruising down the river inlet for a few minutes they past Skunk Island on their left and headed straight out into the middle of the main Indian River; the massive waterway that separates Kennedy from the Florida mainland was mercifully deserted.
I will head over to the other side then turn south. Alexia shouted over the noise from the engine. We can use the high scrub banks to give us some extra cover. 
Ivana just nodded then positioned her body further under the boats weathered looking canvas canopy. Once over the other side, Alexia hugged the side of the Bayliner as close to the shoreline as she dared, the last thing she wanted to do was run aground. 
Twenty minutes after sailing under the NASA causeway, Alexia knew they were almost home and dry; she could see the Sunrise village docking posts and tried to remember which one was closest to the NASA condominium. It was the North one she recalled. Alexia killed the engine as they reached the dockside and she guided the boat gently into position. After a quick survey of their locale, she promptly tied the Bayliner to the mooring post and both she and Ivana jumped out and ran along the concrete quay towards a long array of two story condominiums. After dashing through a gap in the houses, they now found themselves standing in a large parking area and staring at a well-weathered tennis court on their right and at two rows of almost full parking spaces on the left which filled the gap in between the condos and the court.
Look for a large black SUV. Alexia instructed then took off towards the parked cars. Now that she was away from the confines of Kennedy Space Centre, Ivana followed on at a much more leisurely pace. She was now back to her serene immortal self, in full control and startlingly confident. As she watched her new fledgling clumsily search for the vehicle, she was reminded of a new-born panther cub, panicky and inept, in time; she would learn how to hunt for anything with stealth and precision, but for the moment, she could see the new bloods best efforts were failing her. Ivana had spotted the SUV immediately after turning the corner into the lot and would have let her companion keep up the search  for her own sake  but time was still of the essence, so she decided to speed things along.
Alexia, over there by four. 
Alexia stopped in her tracks and stared along at the black behemoth situated outside condominium number four. She glanced at the key fob  a silver orbiter complete with booster rockets then checked the numbers inscribed on its fuselage with the numbers on the SUVs number plates. It was a match. 
A short time after leaving the Sunrise village parking lot, Alexia Valentine turned right onto Fay Boulevard heading for I-95 and then onto the Florida 528 toll road. They were finally heading home to the secluded security of her lakeside mansion in Isleworth, Windermere. Relief and yearning surged through her veins in equal measures, relief at their fortunate escape, and yearning for the truth, the truth of what shed become.  Next to her, Ivana Vasilyevich began to relax in the passenger seat gradually realising that all of the days dramatic events were nearly behind her. 
As Alexia gunned the SUV along the 528 towards home, Ivana closed her eyes to contemplate her indeterminate future. She took solace in knowing shed chosen a fresh companion that she could trust, not only with her primordial secret, but with her actual perpetual existence. She had known instinctively that Alexia Valentine would make a good kindred and confidante the moment shed walked into the locker room back in the operations and checkout building this afternoon. She had instantly taken to her. The hard faade of the internal operations chief supervisor had literary vanished within seconds of being in her company and to say that Alexia had been an easy convert would have been a massive understatement. 
This was usually the norm with hard-hitting career women. They were crying out for love and attention, but when the rare opportunity came their way for happiness, they would be too afraid to give in to their weaknesses, just in case they were wounded in the battle. In Alexias case, Ivana had fervently sensed that it was the chief supervisors over domineering father that had instilled this seemingly un-crackable attitude of not showing any outward emotion. What most sufferers fail to comprehend is that all that pent up emotion is like a wooden dam, it takes a long time to build up the walls, but when the floods come, it only takes the smallest twig to send the whole lot crashing over the falls. Alexia had crashed over the falls without even being touched, by the time she had stopped rambling on about the timing of events and sat down on the changing bench, she had already let herself go and in her heart and soul, she was now feeling love for the first time. Ivana had also subconsciously picked up, that Alexias mother had been a hateful alcoholic and that she had wanted to rid herself of her evil encumbrance during the first six months of her pregnancy. Her workaholic father, so enraged by his wifes suggestion of abortion, actually had her committed to a state psychiatric hospital on the grounds that she was harbouring murderous intentions towards their unborn child. The clear and perceptual doppelgnger of this image in time had flooded through her within moments of Alexia Valentine sitting down beside her. Then a vision came to her of Alexias father standing in the hospital reception.
I mean how would it look if the public found out my wife had terminated her pregnancy?  He had yelled to the doctor along the bleached white corridor of the asylum. Investment in my business will probably fall to an all-time low; bible bashers by planes god damn it. His second rant.
Yes, shed been an easy convert, but first love is always the strongest and its never forgotten, and the fact that her new fledgling felt the need to look after her and to keep her safe, was all the proof she needed that Alexia Valentine had been the correct choice for her new companion. The only other right choice shed ever made was her now dead fianc, Yuri. Yuri Rykov was the only man never to betray her. All the other men shed been involved with over her lifespan  after finding out she could guarantee them eternal life  had been all consumed with greed and power. Yuri had not interested in eternal life at first, but this soon changed after the engagement, now he said, he wanted them to be united for all eternity; there was no reason to doubt him. Two nights before he left for the moon mission, he got his wish, and Yuri Rykov was interned into the bloodline of Bthory. Two immortal lovers supposedly integrated forever the everlasting romance was not to be, and only days later he was cowardly slain by Commander Elias Penchansky. The fairy-tale was over before it had really begun, still, shed had her retribution and it was time to move on, yet again.
Ivana opened her eyes as the car came to a halt, and as she adjusted her vision to the bright sunlight, she realised they were parked outside what looked like a dark stone gothic mansion. After Alexia had cut the engine, both women exited the car, and made their way to the large wooden-arched front doorway. Once inside, Alexia closed the door behind them.
Come sister, you are in need of some rest. She said and led Ivana into a plush downstairs lounge area. 
The room was massive and filled with exquisite art and furniture that Ivana thought must be designer or custom made. The rectangular space flowed with a style that could only have been done by someone with a keen eye for detail. Black and white chessboard marble flooring extended from the entranceway all the way to the huge glass windows that overlooked the lake. On the walls, hung colourful and rustic Moroccan tapestries dyed with burnt oranges and reds. In the centre of the room a hexagonal mahogany table displayed copper and gold ornaments and artefacts  no doubt all brought back from far flung destinations like Africa or Indonesia  around which, gargantuan black and red cushions were spasmodically strewn. Backed against the entire length of the left and right walls ran lavish looking, ornate amaranthine, soft leather seating, which gave the whole room the decadent allure and tranquillity of some exclusive boutique hotel. Ivana walked over to the left side seating and lay down on the soft leather. Mentally and physically exhausted, she closed her eyes and within seconds was in a deep sleep. Alexia looked down at her and smiled, this would be the first night since she was ten years old that she would not spend alone; finally she had a friend.
*
President Clayton Bane lifted the remote from his desk and switched of his television. The 11.00 a.m. news broadcast that he had just been watching confirmed to him that the media had bought his fabricated story hook, line and sinker and he was positively gleeful with delight. Plus, at this early stage, there was no actual footage of the Warrior being brought down into the ocean - thanks to his timing and planning  which was also a major bonus -  although it would only be a matter of time before some asshole with a camera phone uploaded some blurry out of focus footage onto YouTube. That was just the modern way. Nothing he could do about that now though. Feeling quite pleased with himself and the fruits of his labour he picked up the phone and called Prime Minister Frederick in London.
A moment later his joyful sounding collaborator picked up.
Mr President. Frederick chimed Ive just been watching the 4.00 p.m. news on television. I feel congratulations are in order.
Well thank you Charles, I guess alls well that ends well. 
So when will you be gracing us with your presence Mr President? 
Bane checked his mental itinerary.  
All going to plan, Air Force One will be leaving from Dulles international today at 1.00 p.m. our time, which means I should be with you late evening your time, I think. I will call you from the plane and let you know the exact landing time, when we are getting close. 
Not a problem Clayton. Just give me a few hours notice to avoid suspicion at my end and we will still be able to go along with our story of an unexpected Presidential stopover in London. Still bringing the family with you?
Of course I am Bane laughed. I would hate for them to miss out on such a momentous trip, I could never forgive myself!
Just checking my friend, just checking 
Oh I almost forgot, Kelsy has decided to bring her friend along for some company, so there will be three people instead of two going into London. I hope thats not a problem?
No, thats not a problem Clayton. Ill arrange for a limo to take them to my place in Belgravia, or if they prefer I can get my people to arrange a suite at the Ritz, whatever they feel more comfortable with.
Bane heard Frederick begin to chuckle on the other end of the line and proceeded to join in with his cohorts frivolity.
Yeh he broke in Whatever makes them more comfortable.
Until tomorrow then. Frederick concluded.
Until tomorrow Prime Minister.
After coming off the phone with Charles Frederick, Clayton Bane summoned his Chief of staff  who was also his closest ally - into the oval office.
COS Harvey Brewster had been friends with Bane throughout his entire political career and had known him since his college days. He was one of the very few people that Bane knew he could trust with his forthcoming plans and because of this, he would be one of the rare lucky survivors that would still have a working position once Operation Reprisal had swung into action. Bane had just wanted to double check that everything was still going to plan and to remind Harvey that he was to have everyone rounded up and ready to leave for the airport by twelve oclock at the latest. He also reminded him that there was to be no escort, outriders or security staff accompanying the limo. This was to be a surprise visit to London and their leaving the Whitehouse for the airport had to be as subtle and invisible as possible. Harvey Brewster told him that everything had already been taken care of and all plans were running like clockwork. That confirmed Bane began to relax a little.
*
Chapter 13
Atlantic Ocean, Friday August 7th
Submerged, and now grounded, in the escape pod one-hundred meters down in the Atlantic Ocean, Elias Penchansky looked around at his increasingly panicky crew and decided it was time for some answers. He began his interrogations.
Right well, judging by the time it took for us to descend to the bottom of the ocean after we hit the water, I would guess we have roughly fifty-five minutes of the one hours air supply left inside the pod. So might I suggest that if anyone would like to get anything off their chest, now would probably be the most opportune time to do it. 
Met only with edgy stares of apprehension, he continued.
Please bear in mind people, that its going to take a lot longer than fifty-five minutes to get a salvage team down here to raise a supposedly empty escape pod, for whatever unknown reasoning was behind the Warriors destruction, it was definitely not done with any effort to preserve the lives of its crewmembers, thats for sure. Either, we were not meant to survive, which suggests a planned assassination attempt, or, we were already assumed to be dead, in which case the orbiter was brought down to protect the residents of Brevard County from crash-landing. Either way, everyone thinks were dead.   
This proved to be the last straw for Kimberly who instantly burst into tears.
I was supposed to be Queen, she wailed, how could he let this happen to me?
Who let what happen, what do you mean you were supposed to be queen? Elias demanded.
My fiancPresident Clayton Bane 
Youre what, hes married Kimberly! exclaimed Elias.
I know hes married, but he was gonna to leave his wife for me and together we would rule America as King and Queen.
Have you lost your marbles Ms Honeydew? In case it has slipped your mind under the recent pressure Kimberly, America does not have a King, we have a President, and Presidents do not have queens they have a first lady.
Kimberly dried her eyes with the cuff of her sleeve. 
Yes Commander your right, she retorted still sniffling America does have a President and a first lady but that is all gonna change come the revolution, the revolution has already begun, and after the revolution, America will change into a monarchy and back to the way it should have been two-hundred and thirty years ago had it not gotten independence from the British; at least thats what Clayton told me, said I would be his Queen just as soon as he became King.
Elias could not believe what he was hearing, Kimberly must have had a complete nervous breakdown under all the strain of the last week; it was the only explanation for her bizarre story. But now Elias remembered something else. He had heard Kimberlys words before back in the control room, but it was not the Texan that had used the phrase the revolution it was Yuri Rykov that had used it; the revolution it has already begun was the sentence he had spat. He probed for more information.
So what exactly was your mission Ms Honeydew? Elias asked.
Kimberly lowered her gaze to the floor, the game was up, she had been deceived and almost killed by her lover and she was probably going to die down here in this underwater steel tomb anyhow. There was no point in lying anymore.
You know Commander am gonna tell ya the truth, not because I like ya much, but because I have nothin else to lose. When Clayton had not received any communication from the base in over a week he was worried that the researchers, sorry miners, had run into a major problem. They shouda been finishin up and closing down the mine and were due back home this week. Now though, if all the staff were dead from some sort of lifeline malfunction, there would be nobody left to destroy the base, to close the door was what Clayton had said, and he and his partners did not want any trace of the base left behind. He said that once the revolution was in full swing and all the other countries in the world saw how rich America had become they would all start to wonder where the new found wealth had come from, he said it would only be a matter of time before they got interested in their comings and goings and started spying on everything that they did, the moon base had to be destroyed before anyone found out what it actually was. My job was simple; to set the self-destruct system and destroy the redundant mine so there was no trace left of the rubies. 
Elias stifled the rage building up inside his heart and tried to remain calm.
So what you are telling me is, he began, I mean lets get this straight and out in the open, I want to get the details right in my head here, so correct me along the way if I diverse. he paused just to make sure all eyes and ears were on him, then continued. 
President Clayton Bane and his cohorts have been mining ruby stones from the moon to fund an America revolution from a federal constitutional republic into a modern day monarchy with him as the new King and you as the new Queen am I right so far? 
Kimberly nodded in agreement but kept her eyes fastened to the floor.
So the researchers or miners or whatever you want to call them have been extracting the stones from the base, loading them onto the visiting shuttles and transporting them back to America for storage. Elias stopped for a second to take in what he had covered so far.
Where are they storing the gems Kimberly? he asked in a casual tone hoping for the truth.
Fort Knox. she replied quietly. 
Of course, Fort Knox, Elias thought to himself. Where else could you secretly store billions of dollars worth of gemstones? 
Tell me this Ms Honeydew, how long has this been going on for exactly? He asked.
Well as far as I know about three yearsmind you it tookem about a year to build the place before any actual mining could be done.
Elias once again paused for reflection, three years mining rubies he mused to himself, thats not billions of dollars, thats trillions of dollars and certainly enough in collateral to change a constitution or even to start a new country! 
With the way things are in the world at the moment, what with some of the larger countries actually going bankrupt, Bane and his stash of rubies could make America the richest country in the world by miles, in fact if his plan were to work, then not only could he become the King of America but there would be nothing to stop him from conquering other countries in the same way. He could actually extend his empire just as the British monarchy had done throughout the world in the past. He may have some trouble with Russia and China, but the rest of the world could be taken without too much persuasion. A bell chimed in his head and the note it rang was sour. Hed also had enough of the niceties as time and air, were in truth, running out.
So what else do you know sister and who else are in on this plot against America? He bawled come on spill it bitch 
Ive told you all I know Commander and shoutin at me wouldnt get you any place. she snapped back.
Come on Honeydew think, give me some names! 
I dont know any names damn it; I have no idea who they are, if I knew who they were I would tell you. Now leave me alone! 
And who, exactly, are they Kimberly, you kept saying they? he asked
They, are as far as I know, include the President and his chief of staff, and a few people at NASA, oh and some British guy I dont know, Ive only ever seen him on the video link, usually when I enter the room if hes on the screen Clayton shouts at me to get out, but I saw him and he talks all posh English. Thats who they are and like I say I dont know any names.
Elias did not know what to make of Honeydews story, was it just the ramblings of a delusional woman totally stressed out of her mind, or was there in fact a modicum of truth in there somewhere. That would have to do for now though, once they were back on land he might have the chance to grill her some more, providing Banes lackeys didnt get to them first. Mind you everyone including Bane thinks that there all dead, so that might hopefully work in their favour, it would all depend where they were in the ocean and how far out from land they were when he pulled the ballast lever to raise the pod to the surface, but for now, he wanted a few answers from Nelson before he let them know they were not going to suffocate and die at the bottom of the ocean. 
He turned his attentions to the scientist.
Right your turn Mr Catts. What exactly was your real purpose on this mission, how long have you known Bane, and on whose instructions did you create that Cerberus monster? 
My real purpose on this mission as you put it, was to check the moon base for any untoward scientific evidence of organic catastrophe leading to the researchers demise should we find on inspection that they were in actual fact deceased rather than just incommunicado due to a infrastructures systems failure. And as far as President Bane goes, other than the telephone call I received, I have only spoken to him at official government engagements, all of which have been in public buildings in front of hundreds of other people. Oh and the Cerberus was, as I have already told you, a military black project, so I have no idea who was behind it other than the government. 
Wait, go back. Tell me about the phone call.
Not much to tell Commander, Bane phoned me up and told me that I was needed to go on a surveillance mission to lunar outpost one and to get myself to the Whitehouse in time to meet up with the rest of the crew.  
So Bane phoned you personally? Elias asked.
Yea why? queried Nelson.
Because he also called me personally. 
So each of us so far was contacted personally by Clayton Bane and each given a job to do on the mission, so what. What difference does it make who made the calls?  Nelson inquired cynically.
Ill tell you the difference my friend, you cannot refuse the President of the United States thats why, you can say a big fat no to all the rest if you want, after all this is America, but you cannot say no to the top man without repercussions, that would finish your career right there and then. Thats the difference Mr Catts. No, Bane knew exactly what he was doing by contacting us in person. He was making damn sure that we could not say no to this mission, he wanted us for this particular assignment over and above anyone else. So what youve got to ask yourself now is, why us in particular?
Because we were the only experienced personnel available to him at the time, he said so himself. Assamo butted in.
No my trusting friend, thats not it at all. Elias chimed back at his pilot, It was because he wanted rid of most of us, thats why. So he could then get on with his so called revolution without leaving any loose ends behind. That was what this entire mission was all about from the get-go, the facts are right there in front of us. 
So the President wanted the mine destroyed and us along with it, simple as that? Nelson quizzed. 
Not all of us, Elias postulated, I dont think he would have wanted Yuri Rykov dead; he was too good a mercenary for Bane to lose. Also, he would have needed a pilot to bring the SS Warrior back to Kennedy. So I dont think hed have wanted Assamo dead, well not until he was back home anyway. 
The Saudi pilot gave him a furious and stunned sideways glance.
But the remainder of us, yes, its my belief that we were never meant to return from this lunar assignment alive.
Whats your reasoning? Assamo questioned.
Well if youll let me explain. Firstly, he despised me with a passion, and even though I knew zilch about his revolutionary plans, the bad blood between Bane and me goes way back. Any opportunity that came his way to stick it to me, hed wilfully grasp with both of those obese hands of his. Now up to this point, I have not disclosed to any of you exactly what happened back in the lower mining control room, but suffice to say, that if my search partner, Yuri Rykov, had been successful in his genuine assignment, I would no longer be with us. Unfortunately, for him, he seriously underestimated the resilience of his primary target, and I successfully incapacitated and terminated his threat before he had the chance to finish me off and then come after the rest of you. Make no mistake that was the Russians first and foremost mission objective.  
Elias shifted his eyes around his beleaguered crew, whom in turn, exchanged a few concerned and anxious glances amongst each other. He then continued. 
Point number two, this unforeseen and precarious situation on the moon now brought up another opportunity for Clayton Bane, which was the chance to get shot of his little mistress problem, sorry Kimberly, but you were duped into having faith in his deceitful promises of wealth and happiness, and then when the problem with the mine arose, you were then duped again into thinking that you were an integral part of his plans. Truth was he just wanted you out the picture because you now knew too much. 
Kimberly began to whimper again, and Nelson foolishly thinking he was still her boyfriend, placed a hand upon her arm in comfort. 
Thirdly, and this is just my intuition talking, I think Bane also wanted to despatch the old Dutchman because he was more than probably the chief geologist in charge of his Lunar mining facility. And once his expertise was no longer called for, in other words they had found and extracted most of the rubies from the mine; he became surplice to requirements and a danger to the secrecy of the project. Unluckily for him though, Nelsons little pet got to him before he had the chance to escape.
Nelson fleetingly growled over in Eliass direction, but was still too engrossed in his girlfriends despondency to voice his defence. 
Which brings us round to you Nelson, why do you think he wanted rid of you? 
The scientist offered no riposte, just a vague stare into the Commanders eyes accompanied by an unwitting faade of guiltlessness.
No other government black projects youve recently developed that would cause our much-cherished Mr President to want to off you. No other undisclosed or monstrous creations we should know about, a giant escape pod crushing fifty tentacle octopus for example?  
Nelson scrunched his eyes up at the Commander and held his glower.
I am a top government scientist Commander and all projects Im involved in are all strictly classified you know that, I cannot, no I will not, jeopardise my scientific integrity under any situation, got that.
Not even when that self-same government wants you dead?  Elias taunted.
No. End of conversation.
Elias realised that the scientist knew a lot more than he was willing to divulge, and even with the threat of impending suffocation hanging over him like a hooded hangmans noose, his scientific veracity didnt flinch. Elias knew he was holding back something important, but again for the time being at least, he would have to move on. He now turned his gaze towards Assamo, he didnt actually think the Saudi was covertly involved in Banes insane plans for revolution, but a few questions aimed in his direction could just confirm his innocence. 
So what about you Pilot AL-Nassar? he quizzed. Was it just your luck that you were assigned to this mission, or was it something more sinister?
I am just a pilot Commander, nothing more ominous than that. 
And did you receive a personal phone call from the President? 
Yes I did, but only to inform me that I was needed for an urgent assignment and after a quick explanation of that assignment, I was told to get to Washington ASAP. Thats where I met up with you and the crew.
And youve never piloted any of the construction shuttles up to lunar outpost one before this mission began?
No. 
Elias stared deep into Assamos eyes and believed his pilot was telling the truth. 
So is this it then Commander, enquired Assamo, are we all just going to stop breathing and die now, or do you have some other fantastic plan up your sleeve?
Elias detected the huge chunk of sarcasm in Assamos question, and decided it was now time for them to make their bid for some fresh Atlantic air.
Who wants to surface then? he replied calmly.
SURFACE! shouted Nelson. I thought we were all going to die down here?
Elias smiled with his eyes, reached his right hand over his shoulder and opened a small red rectangular compartment behind his head; inside there was a matching red leaver and a small metal plate that read: Ballast tank air release valve then below that another plate read: Warning high pressure air. Next to the red lever was a small red button marked EFI and underneath the button a plate read Emergency Float Inflation. He pulled the leaver from north to south and instantly there was a loud release of air and the escape pod could be felt rising off the bottom of the seabed.
Should make it to the surface in about five or six minutes, hope we dont get the bends. He laughed.
You bastard Penchansky! Kimberly yelled over the noise of the releasing air.
Elias gave her a smile, and was sure there was a glint of relief in her eye over and above the anger. Nelson and Assamo both began to laugh, which then triggered off Kimberly and then finally Elias; all just thankful that they were surfacing.
A few moments later and the noise from the air release valves abated as the pod finally broke the calm surface of the Atlantic Ocean, everyone including Kimberly let out a huge cheer. Elias checked the depth gauge, the needle read zero, then pushed the button marked EFI. Instantly the pod stabilised itself as all around the circumference of the outside edges large canvas airbags filled at ferocious speed to balance and float the escape pod on the ocean surface. 
Okay, lets get this baby open and check out exactly where we are. 
Elias stood up and released the safety lock on the top hatch escape door, then spun the wheel to open it up. After a few turns there was another sudden release of air as the pressure on the outside matched that on the inside, then bright light and fresh planet Earth sea air invaded his senses. Elias heaved the hatch door up onto its side and stood fully up with his head outside; the relief at what he saw was overwhelming and again he let out a huge whoohoo. The Florida coastline was glinting radiantly in the optimistic morning sunlight and was well within reach.
Hope you can all swim. he shouted back down into the pod.
Just where exactly are we Commander? his pilot asked.
Were about a mile of the coast Assamo and it looks like his sentence trailed off. He had spotted something over to his right hand side, something glinting white.
And it looks like what?  Assamo enquired impatiently. 
Elias did not reply because now the white shape was becoming closer and closer and he could make out a V shape gliding across the azure surface of the ocean. It was a boat.
A boat! he shrieked back, Theres a boat closing in on us from the starboard side. He could now hear cheers from below.
How far away is it? Can they see us Commander, can they see us? Nelson cried out. 
Elias was now frantically waving his arms in the air and shouting at the oncoming white boats bow. Then suddenly the boat acknowledged him by sounding its horn in three short sharp bursts. They were going to be rescued. He looked down into the pod and grinned at his team.
Put away your water-wings guys we aint swimming after all. 
More cheers came from down inside the pod followed by a spontaneous round of applause. It reminded him of frightened passengers on a plane applauding their appreciation at the captain after a hairy landing in bad weather. The boat was now only fifty yards away and he could clearly see the Brevard county police insignia on the side of the hull. It would have been better to have been rescued by a civilian boat but under the circumstances the police boat would have to do. The Down side being that they would be taken into the police port and that would mean detainment, questions and a huge media presence once the local cops blabbed to all and sundry about what and who they had rescued. It also meant that it would not be too long before Clayton Bane and his clandestine cohorts would be standing in front of them for the debriefing. I suppose its better than swimming in shark infested waters thought Elias, but only just.
The rescue boat pulled up alongside the escape pod and an officer on deck smiled then threw him a rope line.
Tie it to the hatch door. the officer shouted.
Elias tied the line to the door, climbed out of the pod and knelt on all fours on the top. Sticking his head back inside he instructed his crew to follow him out one at a time starting with Kimberly then Assamo then Nelson. The Texan model was out in a flash and Elias helped her keep her balance while she climbed off the top of the pod and onto the side of the boat, where two police officers helped her on-board. Assamo followed suit in the same fashion as did Nelson, leaving Elias to close the hatch door and make sure the towrope was secured tight enough for the pod to be dragged back to shore. Two minutes later Elias was aboard the rescue boat and standing in front of the captain. He thought he recognised him straightaway, but before he had the chance to put a name to the face, the captain had already thrust his arms around his shoulders and was hugging him like a lost child.
Well Ill be dammed if it aint the main man himself, Commander Elias Penchansky! the captain bellowed. 
It had been well over two decades since they had last met, but Elias now had the name to go with the face, Captain Dan Lyons. One of the two officers he and Clayton Bane had rescued from a Magaluf strip club just after Bane himself had lost his marbles at the sight of writhing naked flesh.
Captain Dan Lyonsyou son of a gun! Who the hell put you in charge of a boat? Elias joked.
No one, I stole it! He chimed back.
Both men continued to chortle as they walked along the side of the boat and into the front cabin. Inside, Kimberly, Nelson and Assamo were already sitting down on wooden bench seats each with a large plaid blanket wrapped around their shoulders and a mug of coffee in hand.
Elias noted that apart from Dan the only other officers on board were the two that had helped his crew onto the boat.
Say Dan, are the local police short staffed or something, why only the three of you on the boat? he asked.
Dan Lyons straightened his face and glanced towards the two other officers in the cabin.
Why dont you boys go out for a quick smoke. he said gesturing a finger towards the exit. 
After they departed, Dan asked Elias to sit down beside the crew then he sat himself down in a chair opposite.
I dont know how to tell you this so Im just gonna come straight out and say it. The reason there are only three of us on the boat instead of five and two rescue divers, is because this is not a rescue mission, its only a spot and salvage operation. You lot are all supposed to be dead.
This did not come as much of a surprise to Commander and crew, having just been blown out of the sky less than an hour ago, and the lack of a shocked reaction took Captain Lyons aback somewhat.
Did you hear what I just said, you are all meant to be dead. You were all reported to have died from hypoxia on-board the Warrior sometime just after re-entry. It was confirmed by NASA for gods sake. The orbiter was supposed to have suffered a catastrophic oxygen supply failure resulting in your deaths. Dan waited for a reaction.
Go on. Elias urged him.
GO ON! blurted the captain. Okay, Ill go on. After you were all reported dead the main threat became the Warrior itself. The shuttle was apparently still flying on autopilot and was fast becoming a threat to the population of Brevard County, they were worried that the Warrior would continue to fly on autopilot and crash down into Orlando killing hundreds of innocent people and causing mass devastation to a vastly built up city. So they terminated the threat by employing a fighter jet to bring the orbiter down into the Ocean.
This was exactly what Elias had surmised back in the escape pod, they had been deliberately shot down to avoid a shammed major disaster. And that now confirmed his intuitive notion that all crew were destined to be killed intentionally. 
What a crock of shit. Assamo fumed, This whole mission was pre-planned from the start just to get rid of us and I dont care who knows it.
Elias shot him a look of anger. He did not want to go into the details of the mission with the county police, as far as they and the rest of the world believed, the Warrior was shot down because its crew were all dead from hypoxia, which in turn, made the now uncontrollable orbiter a significant threat to the surrounding built up area. Thats the way Elias wanted to keep it for now, he did not want any of his crew blabbing to the local police about what had happened in the moon base and he did not want anyone to mention the other crewmembers that were left behind. 
So what the hell happened up there Penchansky and how come I have only four supposedly dead astronauts alive and well sitting in the cabin of my boat, instead of six? the captain enquired.
  Dan Lyons must have read his mind or what was more likely noted his determination to keep schtum. Elias glared around at his team and the hard look he offered was enough to let them know that he was still in charge.
Im afraid we lost two of them during the mission Dan, thats all I can say for now until the proper debriefing, you know how it is.
Man, I still cant believe you guys are alive though. Wow, NASA has made an enormous mistake on this one. Were there no communications with the ground at all? Dan asked.
We had full comms up until we touched down on the lunar surface; no comms when we were exploring the outpost; then there was a brief communication a few hours into the homeward flight, and that was about it. The remainder of the journey was winged completely incommunicado.
With all communications with mission control out, its no wonder they thought something was wrong. You should be proud of yourself Commander, proud that you had the expertise to save the lives of your crew as well as your own. Mind you, you always were good at getting folks out of a jam. 
Captain Lyons left the questions at that and turned around and walked up front to the control deck. A moment later the boats engines began to drone noisily and the two officers from outside reappeared inside the cabin. As soon as they took their seats at the front Captain Dan Lyons pushed to boats throttle lever fully forward catapulting the craft towards the shoreline.
Well be back at the station in under a half hour. Captain Dan yelled over his shoulder and the noise of the engines. Elias glanced at a brass timepiece hanging on the wall; it read 12.05 p.m. 
*
Captain Dan cut the boats engines just outside the police harbour entrance and the boat glided silently into one of the vacant wooden moorings,  finally coming to a complete halt with the brass wall mounted timepiece now displaying 12.35 p.m. After the boat was tied to the mooring, the captain and his two officers escorted Elias and the crew off the boat and into the main police office building.
So here we are folks, your home for the next few hours. the captain confirmed. If you follow me up to the second level there are restrooms and showers you can use and Ill get Officer Carlson here  he pointed to one of the men that had been on the boat with them - to bring you some food and some fresh clothing, nothing fancy, but its cleaner and fresher than what youre wearing. 
He then proceeded to usher them up two flights of stairs and into a large deserted open plan office come storage hall. To their left was a long partition of movable office cubical walls that partly blocked out the sunlight trying to gleam its way through the windows, and to their right a bank of hard looking imitation black leather couches that unevenly lined the sides of the grey painted walls. At the far end, a collection of desks minus their computers and phones were heaped against an equally large collection of tatty looking office chairs. The whole area reeked of stale cigarette smoke. 
I have a few calls to make you understand, so Ill leave you to it for the moment. Officer Carlson will be up with your clothes shortly.
With that said Dan Lyons turned and scampered off back down the stairs to the first floor. The first thing he had to do was contact NASA and inform them that the crew of the Warrior were safe and sound, and not as they expected, floating somewhere at sea. He walked into the main reception office, sat down at a desk and picked up the phone. After pressing pre-set button two, his call was answered instantly by a NASA receptionist.
Good evening and welcome to NASA. You have reached the directors office. My name is Mei Wong how may I help you?
Hi there, this is Captain Dan Lyons from the harbour police can I speak to the director please? He asked.
Please hold sir and Ill patch you through. was the reply.
There was a second or two of piped moonlight sonata before the phone was answered.
Dan my man howzit hanging? 
John Spiker seemed in a jovial mood.
Its hanging fine John, how about you, how you holdin up there? Dan asked.
Well you know how it is. His voice instantly changed in to monotone. Were doing our best but its really just a salvage mission, theres nothing that could have been done about the crew, poor bastards and what a way to go.
Are you sitting down Director Spiker? Dan asked.
Sitting downwhy?
Because you might fall over when I tell you my news. he replied.
What is it Lyons, whats the big surprise?
I only have the crew of the Warrior down at the station. Dan answered and waited for the reaction. 
  You have found the dead bodies you mean and have brought them in? Spiker asked cautiously. 
No I dont mean that. I have the actual real live crewmembers, well four of them anyway, living and breathing in my police station right now as we speak.
There was a clatter from the other end of the line like smashing glass followed by a hefty banging sound.
So youre telling me theyre not dead, theyre alive. How is that possible, how did they survive being blown out of the sky by an F-16 fighter jet?
They used the escape pod. The Warrior was equipped with an emergency escape pod. The crew ejected from the orbiter just before being shot down and landed safely onto the ocean. We were just beginning our patrol when we spotted the pod floating on the surface of the water. A few minutes later we picked them up and then brought them in, and like I say, they are now currently in our offices alive and well.
Another bang on the desk followed and Dan Lyons could here Spikers breathing was now heavy and laboured.
Right, listen to me Captain and listen well, under no circumstances can you allow that crew to leave the building, they must remain in your custody until Im able get a proper de-briefing team over there, this is an issue of national security, do you understand Captain. They must not be released, especially Penchansky. If any of them start playing up for any reason, put them in the cells.
Dan noticed a distinct touch of panic in Spikers voice.
Dont worry John their going nowhere. replied Dan Plus their all physically exhausted, they would have a hard job even walking down the stairs never mind leaving the building.
Just hold onto them! 
Like I said their going nowhere.
The click on the line indicated that Spiker had hung up, so Dan replaced the receiver and walked back up the stairs to check on the rescued crew. 
*
By the time Dan Lyons returned to the first floor, Elias and his team had all changed into the orange prison style holding suits that had been provided for them by the station and all four of them were presently tucking into bowls of watery looking soup come stew mixture. 
Dan sat down beside them on the hard leather waiting area couches and could not help but think of John Spikers panicky orders. They must not be released, especially Elias, hed said. He knew he would have to keep them here until Spikers de-briefing team arrived so he decided to urge them to get some sleep. He turned to the Commander.
So Penchansky, you and your crew a little more comfortable now? he asked
Yeh thanks, we were all in need of a feed. Its amazing what a bowl of soggy stew can do for the soul. 
Dan detected no sarcasm in Penchanskys voice.
So I guess youll all be exhausted by now? 
Sleep for a week ma man. Piped in Nelson.
Yeh could do with a few hours shut eye.  Elias agreed.
Well you and your crew can sleep here on the couches for a few hours before your ride arrives.
Our ride? asked Elias Who is coming to give us a ride Dan? 
NASA of course, Im just off the phone with them, they are sending someone over to come and get you guys, to take you back to Kennedy for a check over to make sure youre alright. He lied. They could not believe that you were all alive and well. I think Director Spiker fell of his chair when I told him.
Ill bet he did. Elias replied.
The Commander knew this was the way it would go down. On finding out that they were alive and in police custody, Banes honchos at NASA would be round to take back what was theirs before anyone had a chance to blink, plus there was no way to get out of here unnoticed. It did not matter much anyway, NASA now knew they had survived and that was that. He would just have to accept it and go with the flow for the moment until he could come up with a plan to get out from their clutches and on to finding Clayton Bane. President or not, Bane would get what was coming to him make no mistake. In the meantime, he thought he might as well get some downtime, as once they were taken back to Kennedy, who knows what would be in-store for them.
Kimberly and Assamo had finished the bowls of stew and had already put their feet up on their respective couches. Nelson stood up to stretch his giant legs and walked over towards the windows, leaving the Commander sitting staring at the Captain.      
Oh well, if you cant beatem joinem. Elias muttered and raised his feet onto the hard imitation black leather.
Ill let you know when your ride arrives Commander. Lyons stated. 
You do that Captain, but I have a funny feeling I might hear them before I see them.
With that said, he closed his eyes and lay out flat and Dan Lyons got up from the couch and walked away leaving them alone.
Commander, what do you think theyll do with us? it was Nelson, back from his wanderings and sounding a little more than worried. Elias kept his eyes closed.
I have absolutely no idea Nelson; it all depends on how deep Banes corruption runs through the organisation. I mean, he wanted us dead and had help from inside NASA somewhere to aid him in that quest, and I imagine that when our friend John Spiker informs him of our survival he aint gonna be too pleased. 
But how do you know that they wont try to finish the job back at Kennedy? Nelson asked in a whisper.
I dont. But when were taken back to Kennedy Im sure we will find out exactly who Banes associates are.
What then, we just let them kill us? Nelsons whisper was now riddled with anxiety.
I doubt they will kill us at Kennedy Nelson, there would be far too many potential witnesses. No, they will more likely debrief us at Kennedy, and then drive us out into the swamp. Thats where theyll kill us. No witnesses and our bodies will be gator bait.
Thanks Commander that makes me feel a hellava lot better. 
Youre awfully quiet Ms Honeydew. Elias noted. 
Kimberly gave no reply, she just lay perfectly still with her eyes tightly closed.
What about you Assamo, you okay? again no reply was forthcoming.
Oh well, since thats the end of the conversation I might as well get some shut eye. Minutes later Elias was out like a light.
*
Back at Kennedy Space Centre, John Spiker lifted the telephone receiver to make a phone call he was not looking forward to. He tapped in the Presidents mobile phone number and waited with trepidation as the phone rang and rang without answer. Finally, it was answered by Bane himself.
Go. Bane barked down line.
President Bane, John Spiker here. 
What is it Spiker? Im just arriving at the airport here; Im on my way to London.
Yes I know sir, sorry sir, but its the crew of the Warrior Mr President, they have been found alive 
He waited for the rampaging backlash to begin but was surprised by the Presidents calm tone.
Alive you say, where? Bane asked.
They were found in an escape pod floating out at sea; one of the police patrol boats spotted them and picked them up.
The tone in Banes voice changed to a more agitated tenor.
The crew, where are they now Spiker? 
They are in police custody back at the harbour station house sir.
His tenor was now restored to normal.
Okay Director as long as you have them in custody they cannot start blabbing their mouths off to the media so heres what I want you to do. I want you to phone the Whitehouse and ask to speak to Lokepa Kamaka, tell him what youve just told me and tell him to get an extraction squad organised. I want the plucky survivors taken back to the Whitehouse and detained there until I return tomorrow. You got that Director?
Yes sir. Call Kamaka at the Whitehouse and tell him about the Warriors crew. Then tell him to get an extraction squad organised to remove them from police custody and take them to the Whitehouse where they will be detained until you arrive back tomorrow sir.
Oh and one more thing Director Spiker, get yourself down to the police station in time for their extraction, I would like you to accompany them on the journey.
Spiker did not like the sound of that one bit, why the hell should he have to accompany them to Washington? What did Bane want with him, his part in the operation was over the second that Ivana shot down the Warrior, and it was not his fault that the crew had survived the assassination attempt. 
Sirwhat do you need me forI meanwhat use am I now that 
Bane cut him off mid prattle.
Put it this way Spiker, if you are not at the Whitehouse with the rest of the crew when I get back, I will have to send one of my men to come and get you, and you really dont want to put me to all that trouble now do you?
No sir. I will head over there the minute Im done calling the Whitehouse sir.
Okay then Director, I will see you tomorrow. 
Bane hung up his cell phone. That bastard Elias must have more lives than a bag of cats he thought to himself. But the truth was, nothing surprised him about Elias and it really came as no shock to him that he had survived through all of this.  It was obvious now that if he wanted him dead he would have to kill him personally. He would enjoy doing that in the safe and isolated confines of the Whitehouse interrogation chamber once he was back from London. Then one by one he would deal with the rest of the crew. The only other minor loose end he assumed was that creepy-acting model bitch Ivana Vasilyevich, some pilot she turned out to be. But she still owed him big time and he still wanted to get his carnal retribution for allowing her the chance to eradicate Elias, after all it was hardly his fault that she fucked it up. He would take care of all that when he got back from Londonfor now, at 1.05pm, he was already five minutes late in boarding Air Force one and he and his family still had to get through the security gates and up to the waiting aeroplane.  
*
Chapter 14
Washington, D.C. Friday August 7th
Shortly after 1.00 p.m. President Clayton Bane, his wife Sally, daughter Kelsy and Kelsys Best Friend Forever, Savannah Reston, were climbing up the steps to board Air Force One. Bane, dressed in a black velour lounge suit, was staring at eighteen-year-old Savannah in a very lurid fashion as he slowly ambled his fat rump up the stair-cart behind her. Savannah  the daughter of hotel chain billionaire Randy Reston - was wearing this weeks favourite ensemble which consisted of micro short red leather skirt with red fishnets and matching heels. And apart from sporting more gold chains than a New Orleans pimp, all that covered her rather curvaceous upper features, was a blue fox fur collar and waistcoat. Kelsy turned around at the top of the stair and instantly caught her father staring up Savannahs skirt, upon averting his eyes for a moment he realised hed been rumbled and quickly turned his attentions to escorting his wife into the plane in front of him. 
A few moments later everyone was on-board the Boeing VC-25 and strapped in ready to go. The only other people on the flight to London were the two cabin crewmembers, Jane Brooks and Marcus Feldman, the pilot Jon Mathen, whom the President had known for years and trusted with his life, and first officer Terry Charrais, who was new to the scene but who was apparently a first class pilot. The doors were closed by the cabin crew and the plane began to taxi into position for take-off. Jon Mathens voice came over the intercom.
Good afternoon Mr President, this is your pilot Jon Mathen speaking, as you know we will be jumping the queue for take-off and we should be in the air in about four minutes. Our flight time to London this afternoon will be approximately seven and a half hours and judging by the satellite weather patterns, should be smooth as silk. All that remains for me to say at the moment is I hope you have a nice flight and if you have any queries about anything just pop up and see me, you know where I am.
Bane was sitting at the window looking out at the twinkling runway lights and was deep in thought. He was thinking about his family sitting next to him and how, they were completely oblivious to the fact that this was the last flight that they would ever make and how funny it was that they were also looking out the windows, little realising this was the last time that they would see American soil at ground level. He released his stare and turned his attention towards Savannah. It was a shame that she was going to die along with the rest of them because he actually quite fancied having a shot at her; still he had over seven hours of flight time ahead of him, and plenty of time to renew his mile high membership, if she wasnt forthcoming or if she kicked up a fuss during his persuasion technique, there was always something he could use to persuade her in the bedroom suite minibar. If for some unknown reason that all failed, he could always fall over on that trolley-dolly Jane Brooks. Hed done her before on a flight to Vancouver; she was very easily swayed, the in-ground heel marks on the conference room table will attest to that.
Air Force One started its take-off along the runway and moment later the nose of the Boeing VC-25 lifted into the air immediately followed by the huge bulk of the fuselage. They were now airborne.
Twenty minutes after take-off, Captain Jon came back over the intercom.
Good afternoon again Mr President, thats us up at our preferred cruising altitude and everything up here looks A okay, so please feel free to release your restraints and get yourselves comfortable. Jane has fully stocked the bar with your favourite whisky sir and for the ladies there is a full complement of cocktails and soft drinks. So sit back, relax, and let the crew and me take good care of you.
Bane released the buckle on his lap belt, stood up and walked over to the bar where Jane was already mixing a drink in a cocktail shaker.
Large whisky darling. he muttered in her direction.
Coming up Mr President. Jane said with a wink and a seductive pout of her scarlet lips. This gesture did not go unnoticed, behind him and still restrained in her seat, Sally Banes eyes constricted with fury.
Jane lifted a short glass from the rack and turned around to fill it from one of the optics behind her. Banes gaze lowered towards her rear. He was right about her being an easy target for the bedroom or the boardroom or wherever he thought. He decided that he would do her first and then later on when everyone was relaxed and sleepy he would turn his attentions towards Savannah. 
Jane Brooks placed the glass on the counter and Bane lifted it without remark. He then made his way over towards where his wife was sitting and told her that he had to make a few calls from the boardroom and did not want to be disturbed. 
Upon entering the boardroom, Clayton Bane collapsed in his official Presidential chair, lifted the telephone receiver and pushed the home button on the speed dial. He lifted the glass of whisky to his lips and took a deep gulp of the honey coloured nectar, and as he placed the glass down on his desk, his call was answered on the other end.
Good evening Mr President, how may I help you sir? It was his senior adviser Mitch Donald who answered the call.
Put me through to Cookiebag. 
Please hold sir while I patch you through.
The line rang twice before being picked up in the security office.
Lokepa Kamaka Mr President. 
Lokepa, John Spiker called you yet about our little situation?
Yes sir. The extraction team have already been assembled Sir and will be at their destination as soon as logistically possible Sir.
Very Good Kamaka, I trust that you informed the team leader to clean the building upon arrival?
Standard protocol Sir. No witnesses, no survivors.
Excellent work Lokepa.
Thank you Sir.
I take it Spiker also told you that his own presence is required? Bane queried.
Yes sir, he said that he would be accompanying them in the extraction choppers and to expect their arrival at the Whitehouse later on this evening Sir.
Very good Kamaka, when they arrive I want you to put them all, including Spiker, in the holding cells below the security office and keep them there until I return tomorrow.
Yes sir.
Oh and Lokepa. 
Sir?
Once theyre in your custody if any of them try anything funny you have my permission to neutralise them with as much force as is necessary, But I want Penchansky alive, got that?  
Yes sir got that.
See you tomorrow then. 
Bane hung up the phone and relaxed into his leather armchair. He knew he could count on Cookiebag. The guy might be a dwarf, but he was one tuff little bastard when it came down to the Nitty gritty, plus he was a master of extreme interrogation techniques which, to look at him, belied his 3ft 8 inch stature. Give him a rudimentary car battery and a length of electrical wire and he could have any man, woman or child, screaming their worldly secrets in a matter of seconds. Still he didnt want Cookiebag to have all the fun and that was the main reason for telling him to make sure Elias remained alive. He wanted that little pleasure for himself. The thought gave him a new surge of adrenaline and he knew just how to take advantage of the newly charged excitement surging through his veins. He lifted the phone and pressed the extension for the bar area. Jane Brooks answered.
Yes Mr President, how may I assist you? 
Ms Brooks, I need to see you in the boardroom immediately. 
Of course sir. 
Bane placed the receiver back in its cradle and drained the remnants of his whisky. A moment later there was a knock on the boardroom door.
Enter. Bane commanded.
As the door opened, he glanced round to see Jane Brooks standing in the entranceway with a grim look of anxiety etched on her face, for directly behind her, and glaring at him with malicious contempt, stood the taut figure of his wife Sally; barging her way through in front of Ms Brooks, she slammed the door shut in the cabin crewmembers face.
Clayton Bane you low life piece of shit. she seethed at her husband.
What? 
What, Ill tell you what. What the hell do you think you are doing? Dont think I dont know about you and that slut Brooks, Clayton. I know all about her. She is a whore and a whore that you banged on this very aircraft and in this very room on a flight to Vancouver. 
She stormed over to his desk and in two forceful strides; she was standing right next to his slouching sunken figure. 
Babe come-on please, seriously, do you actually think that.
Sally raised her fist, and with all her might, swung it downwards punching him straight in the face; the direct hit to his bulbous nose sending blood and mucus splattering onto the walls and surrounding area.
This surprise blow from his wife took him aback and for the next few seconds he remained confused and speechless with shock and astonishment. 
What the fuck he began, but before he had the chance to finish the sentence, Sally thrust out her fist again only this time she clutched him by the throat and sunk her well-manicured nails into his clammy sagging skin.
You Mr President are finished. she hissed through gritted teeth, her grip tightening with rage. I have had enough of your lies, your cheating, your lecherous ways, and Im tired of being made a fool off. When this plane lands in London, Im taking my life back. Firstly, I am going to announce to the media that were through, secondly Im going to take the girls to a hotel well away from you and your cohorts, and thirdly I am going to phone my lawyer and instruct him to file for divorce on the grounds of infidelity. And if you try to stop me, I will drag you through the courts and wash every piece of your dirty linen in front of the watching world. Remember Clayton I have friends in high places also, and I have a list longer than your belt, of names, places and times, where you have been dipping that tiny fat thing you call a penis into unlucky tarts that have had the misfortune of having to service that rancid bulk of yours. So, if you play along like a nice little boy and dont make any waves, you might just come out the other end with a few bucks still in the bank. But, if you make things difficult, not only will I destroy you, I will make you suffer until the day you die. Okay pally.
Sally squeezed her claws deeper into his neck and indicated with her eyes that she was in need of an answer. Clayton nodded his head with tiny panicky motions to show his agreement, although inside he simmered with rage.
Thats a good boy. Im glad we have a deal. 
Slowly she released her vice like grip from around his throat and gently lowered her hands. She was half expecting some sort of retaliation but none was forthcoming. Clayton Bane raised his hand to his throat to feel for the damage incurred by his wifes talons and felt two small trickles of blood moisten his fingers.
But what about our vacation in Tuscany? he garbled through a gravelly voice. Kelsy and Savannah will be devastated.
Dont you dare bring our daughter into this, Im sure you were not thinking of her serenity when you were attempting to seduce that slut Brooks moments ago! she spat back at him, before regaining her composure. After a few days in London, the girls and I will go on to Italy alone, you Clayton can go to hell for all I care. 
Okay Sally, he conceded, if youre sure thats what you want my dear.
Sally Bane turned her back on her husband and walked confidently towards the door before turning to face him again.
Thats what I want Clayton, and thats what I had better get.
She opened the door into the main cabin of the plane and, leaving it ajar, strode away with a newfound confidence in her previously restrained step. A small smile flickered on the Presidents lips, which then formed into a grin. Oh, there will be no Tuscany for you my darling he thought to himself, the grin widening and certainly no need for a messy divorce, no need at all. Well see too that. He laughed aloud just as Jane Brooks came into view at the boardroom entrance; the look of panic on her face had not subsided any.
You Okay Mr President, is there anything I can do for you? She asked.
No Jane, but thanks for the offer.
Ms Brooks left it at that and walked back to her position, meanwhile Bane relaxed in his chair and closed his eyes. He would give Sally an hour or so to cool off before returning to the main cabin and his family, and to Savannah. 
Two hours later he finally got up out of his seat and went back to the lounge area. His wife and daughter were both reclining in their seats with their sleep masks over their eyes; meanwhile Savannah was intently tapping her hand on her leg in time to some music that she was listening to on her iPod. Bane sat down beside her and she instantly removed her headphones.
Mrs Bane is not very happy with you sir. she whispered.
I know that Savannah, but sometimes in a relationship you just have to give each other a little space, you know a chill out time.
Suppose. 
Anyway never mind all that let me give you a guided tour of this wonderful aeroplane of mine, those two will be asleep for hours yet and I would hate to think of you being bored sitting here all on your own.
Savannah looked quite taken aback by the offer and could not believe that the President of the United States was actually willing to take time off from his busy schedule to spend some time with her, let alone give her a personal tour of Air Force One.
Mr President, that would be awesome, thanks!
My pleasure Savannah, and please, call me Clayton.
Thanks Clayton.
Come lets leave these two sleeping beauties to it and go and have some fun. 
Reaching down, he clasped her hands and raised her to her feet.
Thats a beautiful fur waistcoat your wearing, he complimented whats it made from?
Blue fox. she replied, her cheeks reddening with the compliment.
How old are you Savannah, if you dont mind my asking?
Eighteen.
Eighteen, really, well may I say youre very mature for your age. He was now eyeing up the girls buxom cleavage bursting to free itself from its blue fur and gold chain entrapment.
Why thank you Mr President. she blushed, oblivious of his leering gaze.
Bane proceeded to guide Savannah along the corridor of the cabin.
Comon youve got to see the TV Ive got in the bedroom, its absolutely massive.
Bane continued to lead her towards the rear of the plane and a few moments later, they were standing outside the Presidential bedroom suite. Bane opened the door and steered Savannah through in front of him.
Wow! She exclaimed this place is huge.
Bane laughed. Yip sure is, and also soundproof. He cursed himself for the last remark but didnt think the girl noticed the implication.
And the bed is just giant, She blurted you could fit four people in there!
Bane had another laugh but this time inwardly. Five is actually my record babe.
Well what you waiting for girl, on you go, shoes off and have a bounce.
Savannah turned to face him to make sure he was not joking, then flung her heels off and dived onto the massive quilt covered mattress.
What would you like to drink Savannah? He asked
Oh anything coke whatever.
Bane turned his back on her, walked over to the small minibar, lifted out one can of Coke and two miniatures of Vodka then mixed them both a drink. Next, he picked out a small tarnished looking brown plastic medicine bottle, removed the cap and released two tablets into his hand before dropping them into the drink to his left. He quickly stirred the glass to dissolve the tablets then placed the medicine bottle back into the fridge. Turning around and walking over to the still bouncing girl, he sat down on the edge of the bed and patted the duvet next to him in a gesture for her to sit down beside him. Savannah stopped jumping and took a seat next to him, giving Bane the opportunity to hand her the drink he was holding in his left hand.
You know Savannah, I think you understand me, you just get what Im about. Mrs Bane, well she and I, as you know, have not been getting along recently and to be honest, our marriage is now really just a business arrangement. She really doesnt have time for me anymore. But you, you know how to have fun and fun is whats been missing in my life for so long now. Being the President of the United States is a lonely and tiring job you know, its not all wining and dining, far from it and its definitely not fun.
Savannah took a sip of her drink and winced at the unexpected bitter taste of the vodka.
Mr President, she gushed whats in thisvodka?
Vodka, hell no, its just plain old Coke. He gave her a wink and a wry smile
You trying to get me drunk you naughty man? she giggled 
Drunk, never, its just a small tipple to help us relax before we go back to the terrible twosome up front.
Savannah drained the rest of her glass in one then lay back on the bed.
Thats some strong stuff you got there sir, I can feel my head starting to spin already. 
Just lie back and relax while I fix us another drink, then we can have some fun.
Bane removed the glass from Savannahs hand and lifted her legs up onto the bed.
Oh Mr President this big bed is so comfyso comfyI just want toroll over and over and.
Her speech had started to slur, and a quick look, by the imminent rapist, into her bloodshot eyes confirmed that the double dose of Rohypnol mixed into her drink had worked a charm. After what had happened earlier in the boardroom, Clayton wasnt in the mood to waste his time on an old fashioned seduction, he just wanted the girl now, and to get down to business as quickly as possible. Although she was still vaguely conscious, she wouldnt be unable to put up a fair fight should she try to reject his advances. He quickly strode over and locked the bedroom door then joined Savannah on the bed. Slowly he began to remove her clothing one piece at a time, taking great delight in the raptures he was unveiling; this was all part of the seduction fun. He decided not to bother removing the gold necklaces because that would take too much time and effort, so he slowly worked around them until finally he removed her bra to expose her well rounded perky teenage peaks. Now that Savannah was almost completely naked, it was his turn to undress and this he did with speed, as he could no longer control the deviant urges that surged through his brain. In an instant, he was on top of her, his hefty weight pinning her to the mattress beneath and the forthcoming pleasure was just as hed hoped, rampant and animalistic. Underneath his bulk, eighteen-year-old Savannah Reston, his daughters best friend, tried - drugged and bleary eyed - to fight off his advances. She failed.
*
Six minutes later Clayton Bane rolled of his victim, stood up and dressed himself. Savannah, lying flattened on the bed, had drifted off into complete unconsciousness during her ordeal and was now entirely out for the count.
She had been quite a good canter despite her slight frame, Bane thought while he zipped up his lounge pants, although the gold chains had been a little uncomfortable to lay on and had eventually tugged out a few of his chest hairs. However, that said, he was still very happy with the outcome of his seduction. Hed give her a seven out of ten. After fastening up his lounge suit, he remembered that he had to phone Charles Frederick to inform him of his approximate arrival time in London. He left Savannah lying naked on the bed, exited the bedroom suite locking the door behind him and made his way back along the full length of the plane and into the boardroom. Sitting down at his desk, he lifted the phone and called through to the cockpit. Captain Jon picked up the call.
Yes Mr President, how may I assist you?
Hi Jon, I was just wondering what time we will be landing in London?
Yes Sir, well it looks like we should be landing right on schedule in around three hours from now. Which just let me check plus five hours will be 1.50am London time Sir.
Perfect. Thanks Jon.
Bane hung up and dialled Prime Minister Fredericks personal line; five rings later, it was answered.
Hello. Frederick, had again, answered the call himself.
Hello Charles, Clayton here.
Well hello Clayton, and how are we feeling this fine evening? 
Great. Listen, Im just calling to let you know that we will be landing in London in roughly three hours time, which, according to my pilot, should be around 1.50 a.m. at your end.
Excellent news Mr President. beamed Frederick. I will start the ball rolling immediately. See you soon old bean.
Yip, see you soon old bean Bane chuckled.
Both men hung up, and as Frederick began his preparations in London, Clayton Bane left the boardroom and re-joined his still sleeping family. He sat down next to his wife and smiled. Ohif only you knew your fate my darlinghe thought as he stared at her sleeping soundly and completely clueless of her destiny. If only. Reaching down the side of his seat he pulled out his sleeping mask and slid it over his head. Reclining the chair back he closed his eyes and began to dream of his new life as a King. 
*
Elias Penchansky opened his eyes into perdition as the malign sensation of rapid gunfire splintered through his unconsciousness. Helmand Province now stood before him in its haunting black hours of darkness, and fear and malevolence overwhelmed his every intrinsic sense. He was alone now after being deserted, and every echelon of his inner being shrieked an insentient message through him physically urging him to take flight from the dark evil that pursued him with such abhorrent deathly desire. Dense and sharp-tasting munitions smoke presently engulfed every lung lobe leaving him breathless, disorientated and fearful for his mortal existence. Hatred instantly flowed within the fear, and with every ounce of his spent energy, he knew that he would have to escape on his own; no one was coming to liberate him. Another blast of gunfire brought him to his feet and now he found himself running for his life and fleeing into a dread-veiled oblivion where there was no visual exit and no sense of physical or structural bearing, all he could do was intuitively bolt from the inherent violence that was now hurtling towards him from the darkness beyond. 
He ran from this wickedness as fast as his blistered feet could carry him and kept on running until the sound of gun fire was but a mere memory and utter shadow shrouded him once more in its comforting hollow blackness. Then there was silence. 
As the misty vale of darkness began to subside, the abhorrent smell of fleshy decay swamped his every sense as his dream like status bore new image, another appearance of his past. He found himself back in the lower mining control room of lunar outpost one, and standing before him like a ravenous wolf, was the hate filled nemisistic apparition of Yuri Rykov. The blurring vision of this man-to-man battle played out before him until the point that the Russian was about to deliver the fatal blow with his bayonet. He was now aware of the deadly blades serrated fin only inches from his neck and in a timeless blur now found himself biting into his assailants wrist with all the fury and determination he could muster. Bodily fluid and cartilage suddenly enveloped his clamp like grip and he instantly felt the Russians warm blood spurt through his teeth and surge down his throat; Yuris wrist twinging in agony causing the blade to hurtle across the floor. Disorientation and instant fever consumed his being as he watched the Russian slump to the floor in anguish, and he wondered just how much of his nemesiss blood had drizzled down into his system. Then as fast as this nightmares recurrence developed, it dissolved back into the dream mire, and once again, he was drifting on the spectral plains of imaginings. 
Another dream-scene began to unfold now, and he found himself wandering through an antediluvian village. An ancient settlement filled with crudely built stone roundhouses with thatched roofs and where wild dogs and cattle freely roamed the grassy outcrops that surrounded them. He did not recognise this place. Above the hamlet a colossal grey-stone castle was perched atop an immense rocky peak, while everything in the immediate vicinity below was completely overshadowed by its eerie dark walls and forbidding windowless towers. As he walked barefoot through the houses he was suddenly aware of an argument brewing in one of the ramshackle buildings by his side, looking in through the broken shutters that clung wretchedly to the glassless frames he perceived a pitiable family, one of their number - a young woman - was holding a baby. A man wearing a long and ragged hessian coat appeared to be bartering with another in similar garb over something, in a language that he could not understand. Moments later, the baby was handed over to him in exchange for some bronzed coins. Once again, a smoky darkness engulfed the reverie image and once more there came the serene stillness. 
As the haze of obscurity abated, he now grasped that he was positioned amid an ancient city bustling with people, street trading in all sorts of goods like fur pelts and pottery, glasswork and leather. As he wandered unnoticed through the labyrinth of stalls and inglenooks his attention was diverted from the hubbub by a crowd of around fifty people all jostling to surround a very regal looking man. The man appeared to be clutching a young girl by the hand and trying in vain to lead her through the crowds to a place where only he knew. The girl  who must only have been about eight or nine years old - seemed quite unperturbed by the whole scene and when he managed to catch a proper sight of her, was seen to be smiling and laughing. Hurriedly the mismatched pair dissolved into the ether and the crowd went back to their harassed trade as if nothing had happened. Darkness and luminescence swathed through his mind once more and before any vision reappeared in his nightmarish revelation, the incessant and overwhelming stench of burning wood vexed itself into his soul, before landscape and form could fully reveal itself. 
When visualisation finally caught up with his senses, the sight that stood before him was one of the most abhorrent and evil sights that he had ever beheld. Standing in a clearing amidst a thick and dense forest, he found himself within the inner-circle of a hate-filled babel of at least thirty men and women; in front of him, a fire was beginning to rage. It was not a conventional fire though, for at its built up and cone shaped centre, stood a large wooden stake. Tied to that stake was a young woman in her late teens  twenty years old at most. Stripped of her clothing, her arms were secured behind her back and bound tightly by rusty looking metal chains. She was to be burned. As the flames grew higher and began lapping around her bare feet the raucous and odious crowd began to chant. Vedma, Vedm, Vedma, and then another shriek came from the crowd, Goret Upir' Likhyi Goret and that was when the screaming started. It was not however, the screaming of the condemned woman in chains, it was the blood curdling terror filled howls of the encircled baying throng. For they were all beginning to perish in front of his very eyes. A smokeless, invisible fire seemed to be engulfing them, and through their horrific distorted cries, he could see that their facial features were melting away and dripping onto the pine-needled floor of the wood beneath their standing. Like redundant waxwork mannequins they were all liquefied in moments and all that was left to bear witness to the annihilation was their clothing and jewellery, scorched and congealed with the remnants of epithelium. He turned his sight back towards the living funeral pyre. The raven-haired young woman, who, only moments ago was about to be burned alive, was now free from her shackles and standing before him. He could not help but stare at the strikingly perfect naked form of the vision in front of him. Her silky white skin was flawless and unspoiled, and even though only moments ago she had been bound in chains and trussed up on a wooden stake in the midst of a raging inferno, her facial complexion was untarnished and seemed almost vividly alive. Then with a smile on her flawless ruby red lips, she turned on air and vanished into the unhallowed surrounding vapour, leaving him standing alone with the blazing orange infusion of the pyre still burning in his sight. 
Again, the darkness enclosed him, but this time when his eyes dawned open, he was in somewhat familiar territory, for this time he awoke into a mighty warzone. That familiarity ended there though. This was not a war he had fought himself, for even though he was accustomed to the blood and horror of conflict, he had always had the advantage of modern warfare to accompany him into battle. This time the darkness did not fade entirely from his vision. Wallowing knee deep in what could only be described as the remnants of hells discarded cabal and leaning into a sodden banking topped with razor wire amidst deaths greatest achievement, the screams of his visionary comrades were deafening over the sound of the gunfire that surrounded him in the blood soaked quagmire of the trench where he now stood. As the ghastly sounds of the mutilated and dying sunk into his heart from only a few feet away, he recognised the shouts and screams as that of Russian soldiers and knew exactly where he now found himself. This was the front line in the detestable trenches of the Great War. Before he could quite fathom his next move, a bullet snapped across his left shoulder and shattered into the cheekbone of a trooper huddled in next to him. The subsequent eruption brought the victim vertically to his feet and halved the mans face in two separating his nose from his forehead with unique precision. Blood and bone fragments from the snipers triumph splattered into his eyes and mouth and he could taste the dead mans irony plasma in the back of his throat. Wiping away the remnants of fleshy tissue from his eyes, he was struck by the sudden and luminescent appearance of a woman in full military uniform. This woman looked familiar to him, but due to her features being covered in trench filth and debris, he was unable to put a name to the face before him. This familiar looking woman instantly grasped the dead soldier from behind before he even had the chance to fall to the ground, and securing his gaping faceless protuberance against the chin strap of her helmet, with exposed fangs, she began to feast; a sight which at first left him immovable and aghast with horror. She continued to gnaw away at the charred silky looking dark flesh from the soldiers exposed spinal column with her wolf like tusks, only stopping every few moments to tilt her head back and swallow her foul banquet, all the while holding his gaze with a repugnant smile. Then in an instant, she too was hit by a stray bullet. The shot whizzed past his right ear and cracked into the glowing womans left shoulder, and over the deafening sounds and acrid smell of that unholy trench she began to laugh aloud, a deep and blood curdling laugh that should emit from no human being. The blood from her wound was now spurting out from its cavity and cascading down the front of her uniform, and he could now see through the dizzying melee that the woman had discarded her quarries still twitching remains and was stepping over into his shadow. Standing over him, she seized him to his feet with the might of ten men. They were now staring into each others eyes and in an instant, all of his dread and repulsion vaporised into the screams and smoky air of the front line. As he stood before her, a feeling of awe-inspiring compassion overwhelmed his choked senses, and without removing his gaze from her eyes, he tilted his head, covered her splurging wound with his blackened mouth and began to drink deep from the crimson fissure. Seconds later, his present domain twisted back into merciful darkness. 
He could now feel his consciousness begin to stir from its nightmarish slumber and sluggishly return to where he now lay. The deafening sound of gunfire did not abate however and seemed to be pursuing him back into full wakefulness. The thunderous barrage continued for another few drowsy moments until he finally regained full awareness. Opening his eyes, he looked straight up into the cold black steel barrel of a handgun. He immediately recognised it as a Schweizerische Industrie Gesellschaft  or SIG  P- 229, and the weapon of choice of the American secret service. The person brandishing the weapon was unrecognisable and dressed head to toe in black combat gear complete with armoured chest protector, black Nomex balaclava and radio mic headset. Only his piercing blue eyes shone down over the top of the .40 calibre pistol forcibly placed against the Commanders forehead.
Up. Now. ordered Blue eyes.
Elias gently eased himself up from the couch, and without removing his stare from the SIG, stood to his feet. The gunman lowered the pistol from Penchanskys head to his heart just as another volley of cannon fire echoed up the stairwell from somewhere beneath. 
Move! he commanded, then flicked the barrel of the gun in the direction of the stairs.
Elias turned around towards the exit just in time to catch a glimpse of his crew being escorted down the first flight of stairs by four masked operatives. All three were handcuffed and chained together around the waist. 
Dont worry about them Penchansky. Sneered blue eyes. My men will take good care of your crew, especially the girl. 
Im sure they will. Sorry I didnt catch your name Special Agent?
Always a smart-ass arent ya Penchansky. Just get moving. 
Elias felt the gun-barrel being jammed hard into his spine and a shove on the back from blue eyes indicated it was time to walk.
No cuffs and chains for me then Agent Asshole, youre a very trusting person, I like that quality in an individual. Elias smirked.
Oh, we dont need the shackles for you Commander, Blue eyes retorted, youre getting the special treatment.
Elias did not like the sound of the special treatment being quite sure that it did not mean a spa bath followed by a massage. There was no time to confirm his fears though, as the instant he had finished that thought a sharp searing pain in his neck traumatized his alertness, and before he had a chance to put his hand to the piercing wound he was already slumped on the floor. The room was now spinning uncontrollably and as he shook his head and tried to clear his rapidly blurring vision; all that he was able to distinguish from his imminent unconsciousness was the distant sound of helicopter rotor blades whining there start up melody. 
Blue eyes tossed the redundant plastic syringe on the floor with a concealed smile then radioed over his headset for removal assistance. 
Chopper one, core target is neutralised, repeat core target is neutralised. Inform recovery team body-bag size XL over. 
*
Chapter 15
London, England, Friday August 7th
Charles Frederick sauntered down the Georgian staircase that leads from his 4th floor bedroom apartment into his large modern kitchen area on the 2nd floor of his exclusive Belgravia townhouse. After pouring himself a large mug of freshly percolated coffee from the pot, he decided that it was time to say his last goodbyes to his family and friends. The time at the moment was 11.00 p.m. which meant that he had precisely three hours left before his rendezvous with Bane at Stansted airport. This allowed him more than enough time for his farewells, and because he actually didnt have any close friends or family that he cared about, the only call he felt obliged to make was to his wife who would probably have retired to bed at their family home, Windsor Hall in Buckinghamshire. After finally being patched through to his wifes chambers he hardly recognized the voice that answered the call.
Charles is that you? asked the sickly sounding woman.
Yes Arabella darling its me. You sound wretched dear, whats the matter?
Im not feeling very well again darling, the butler has phoned for the doctor to come over immediately. I think I must be having a relapse; Charles please come home.
His wife proceeded to cough violently into the phone and then there was some kind of muffled choking sound followed by a nasty rasping reverberation. 
But darling, the doctors gave you the all clear only two months ago surely the cancer could not have come back so quickly. Youve been doing great recently.
Where have you been Charles? she wheezed, Ive been trying to contact you for the last five days; no one could get in touch with you let alone find you.
Ive been busy darling thats all, you know how it is when parliament breaks up for the summer holiday, just because the government is having a recess doesnt mean the wheels of British democracy stop turning.
The actual truth was hed been totally incommunicado for the last five days because hed spent most of that time either secretly arranging the next stages of Operation Reprisal or being tied up and whipped by Tiffany Trimbush. 
Please come home Charles I need you here with me. She begged him.
Okay Darling I will come home later this evening. Im at the Belgravia apartment at the moment and Ive still got a few loose ends to tie up, but after Ive finished Ill be straight over, I promise. I will be there before you know it. In the meantime, you just take it easy and do exactly what the doctor says alright. Im sure its nothing to worry about though, probably just summer flu or the likes.
Okay darling, please hurry. she whispered gasping for breath. 
Ill be there it less than three hours honey bunch, he lied love you.
Love you Charles. 
The line went dead and Frederick replaced the receiver into its charger.
He poured himself another coffee, only this time he added a little cognac as a stiffener, and sat down at the breakfast bar. His mind drifted back to when he and Arabella were just married and how, at the time, their future together had looked so bright and promising, he actually felt a pang of compassion for the old girl. There she was lying in their marital bed feeling dejected and miserable while he was just about to set-off on the most life changing and historical event since the 2nd world war. That was as far as he allowed his sentiment to drift, because in actual fact she only had herself to blame for her lowly predicament. If she had been a fit and proper wife he would have probably included her in his plans, but in reality, she was of absolutely no use to him, this he had found out a long time ago. Yes, she used to be quite good looking, yes, she came from good stock and yes, she probably would have made a good mother, but as it turned out, she was barren; totally bereft of child producing qualities. Even after giving her the benefit of the doubt for more than five years, she still hadnt produced any offspring for him. He would never have a son and heir to take over his mantle, and for this, he could never forgive her. He felt like hed been duped. In hindsight, he should have had her ovaries scrutinised before they were married and saved himself a lot of misery not to mention embarrassment, for what good is any barren woman in this world? When childbearing is there primary objective. He pushed the thought from his mind and after draining the remnants from his coffee mug; he thought it was now time to get on with the main job at hand and time to get the ball rolling on his travel arrangements to Stansted airport. Firstly, he called his personal secretary at home to inform him of the unscheduled Presidential stop-over and then warned him to keep the details of the landing quiet for security reasons, saying that the local terrorist cells around London would have a field day if they knew of the lapse in security that surrounded the visit. He then ordered him to call the managing director at Stansted airport to let him know that Air Force One would be making an unscheduled stop at the airport, touching down at approximately 2.00 a.m.  In addition, to tell him that air traffic control will know of the planes presence but they will have no idea that the President is coming in for a short break en-route to a classified destination. 
Secondly, he asked his secretary to arrange for a private car to collect him at 1.00 a.m. from his Belgravia address to take him to the airport in time to rendezvous with the Presidents landing. This again would have to be done in secret so as not to warrant any attention. After he was comfortable with his travel arrangements he lifted the phone again and dialled the number for RAF High Wycombe and asked to be put through to the directors office in the SMAS building. 
The SMAS or Secret Military Air Squadron to give it its full appellation was one of his more recent innovations put together for the sole purpose of accomplishing the job at hand. Under the guise of a top-secret government homeland security air strike team established to deal with large-scale terrorist attacks on British soil. The crew consists of a stealth squad of five pilots and five directors based at the High Wycombe station. The spearhead of the S.M.A.S was none other than his old private school chum and life-long friend Lieutenant Colonel Hubert Montagu-Scott.
After a few rings the call was answered by another one of his specific placements Director James Anderson. Brigadier Anderson or Jock as he was known to his colleagues on the account that he was Scottish, answered the call with his usual jovial temperament.
This better be fuckin important, Ive jist sat doon tae ma supper! he barked.
Brigadier Anderson, Charles Frederick here, and how are you this fine evening?
Shit sorry Sir, a didnt realise it was yersel, eh what can a do for you Prime Minister?
I would like a quick word with Hubert if thats possible.
Aye no problem sir hes in his office, hang on a minute.
A few seconds later, his old school chum was on the line.
Good evening Charles and how are you? inquired Hubert 
Could not be better old pal. I was just calling to finalise our arrangements. All going well, it looks like tomorrow is going to be the day of the test case. I trust everything is in place?
Everything is hunky-dory at this end old boy. 
And the bombers, I take it there were no problems in attaching the hardware? Charles asked.
Five, F-35A Lightning IIs each one hooked up with two two-thousand-pound cylinder bombs apiece all primed and ready for action. They can be out of their hangers and in the air flying over London in less than twenty minutes. 
Excellent work Lieutenant Colonel. I will call you from my flight tomorrow morning to give you the final go ahead for operations to begin.
Not a problem Charles, just give me the nod and I will instigate the strike. 
And the escape plans for the pilots and directors; I trust they are all in place? Frederick inquired.
The defection strategy has been well prepared and will be put into motion the second you give the strike order. The other four directors and I will take off in the stations Lear Jet directly behind the fifth bomber. From there we will fly to the rendezvous point at Chteaubernard Air-base on the French west coast where we will be welcomed by our clandestine associate Major General Gustave Chevalier. I have his pay-off stashed in the luggage compartment of the jet; half a million Euros is enough to keep any Frenchman quiet. The F-35s being a tad faster than us flying at Mach one, will have already completed their mission and will be at the Air-base by the time we arrive there. Next up is a rapid decommissioning of the five bombers internal computer systems, then after thats completed, all thats left to do is a quick refuelling of the Lear and we will all be off to the Cayman Islands, hopefully to a lifetime of luxury lazing around in the sunshine.
With the amount of money that was paid into your offshore bank accounts luxury is guaranteed my friend. Frederick chortled, Five-million U.S. dollars apiece can buy a lot of champagne and lobster, even in the Caymans. 
The old chums shared a mutual laugh before Hubert asked the question hed been impatient to ask since the virus containers had arrived at High Wycombe. 
When he and the other directors had opened up the steel crates to inspect their delivery the only markings to be found on the ten cylindrical shells appeared to be in some sort of code. Along the top of the canisters were the letters EVD / GB and on both sides, the canisters were emblazoned with the label CATTS v9. Not one of the SMAS squad had any clue as to the actual contents of the containers other than the fact that they were filled with some sort of bio agent for test case dispersal over London.
So Charles, are you finally going to tell me whats in the cylinders or do I have to wait and find out from a satellite news broadcast in the Caymans? 
There was a moments silence from the other end of the line before Fredericks reply and Hubert instantly thought that Charles might be trying to conceal from him the true contents of the shells. 
Oh just a nerve agent, thats all. Frederick finally replied. Nothing for you to worry about old chap, Whats more important is that they are detached from the F-35s at the accurate altitude. Its imperative that the canisters are dropped from five-thousand feet on the needle, any lower or higher and their full effect will be jeopardised causing less saturation of the contents, and as this is our one and only live test case, we cannot afford any slip ups.
Again, there was a moments silence on the line only this time it was Huberts turn to counter.
Charles George William Frederick, you big faker you, dont you dare try and palm me off with Oh just a nerve agent; I have known you far too long to be taken in by your deceits, come on lets have it, what exactly is in those cylinders?
Frederick laughed aloud and in a gesture, that only he could see, put his hands up in the air in mock defeat.
You always were a stubborn old bastard Hubert; I must have been kidding myself by thinking otherwise.
Spill the beans Charles.
Well since its you old mate, but not a word to any of the others okay.
Not a word. Now spill.
Right, well Im sure you have noticed the printed markings on the top and sides of the cylinders.
Yes of course we noticed them, but what do they mean? 
Well its all rather simple really; and any decent biologist worth his salt should be able to understand the letters on the top, EVD slash GB if my mind permits me to remember. You must appreciate I have only seen photographs of the finished hardware and, unlike you, have not had the pleasure of touching their cold steel casings in person.
Your old brain is in perfect working order Charles, now whats in them? Hubert grumbled.
Okay fine, but please bear in mind Hubert; its far too late in the day to think about pulling out, way too much has been invested in this operation for anything or anyone to become a hindrance. Do you understand what I am telling you?
Charles, just tell me whats in the buggering bombs! 
Okay, Okay, no need to cause a fuss old bean. Right now, on the top casing the EVD stands for Ebola Virus Disease, the slash means mixed with or in part solution with, and the GB is the chemical moniker for liquid Sarin. 
In-turn, the side casings are marked with the viruss codename which if I remember correctly is CATTS v9. CATTS is so-called after the American scientist that developed the virus, Nelson Catts, and the V9 stands for the 9th strain of the virus that hed developed. 
So in laymens terms and to give you a straight forward answer, the bombs are filled with a mixture of Ebola virus and Sarin liquid, as I say all relatively simple.
This time when Frederick has stopped talking the silence that followed was much more intense and both men could audibly here each others laboured breathing down the line. Hubert finally broke the tension.
Charles youve finally cracked, gone to lunch, bought the farm et al. You do know Ebola is the worlds most deadly virus and to amalgam it with Sarin, which if I recall correctly was the substance used in the terrorist attack on the Tokyo subway back in 1995, is beyond comprehension. Its insane!
Not insane my friend, perhaps a little psychotic, but definitely not insane. 
I dont know Charles, are you sure you have thought this whole thing through correctly. Thousands maybe millions will die. Then the whole city will have to be quarantined, no one will be able to enter or leave the place for god knows how long, years possibly. You will effectively take the entire city of London off the map.
Exactly, thats the point Hubert. Anyway, what do you care you wont even be here, you will be basking yourself in the sunshine of the Cayman Islands, remember?
Yes I know that, I was just saying thats all, just making sure you have thought this through.
Not only have I thought it through old chum, but London is just the tip of the iceberg. If the test case goes as planned and the Catts virus incapacitates and shuts down an entire city the size of London, my associates and I  will then be distributing it to other citys until we have accomplished our operation.
Which is? Hubert asked warily.
All in good time my old mate laughed Charles leaving his friends queries unanswered for the moment. Now lets just get back to finalising tomorrows plans shall we and put a stop to all this ghastly talk of death and destruction.
Fine by me Charles, but youre still insane though Hubert snorted then promptly continued Okay lets move on then, give me the low down on these bombs. I know you said they have to be released from five-thousand feet exactly, but what else do I need to know about them and how exactly do they detonate after release?
Hang on a second Hubert. Ill just go and fetch the details from the file on my desk.
Frederick placed the phone down on the breakfast bar and went through to his office to retrieve the printout details that President Bane had e-mailed regarding the bombs design. Once he had found them, he lifted the phone on his desk and continued.
Right old chap Im sure youll know a lot more about this gobbledygook thats in front of me than I do, so Ill just rhyme of whats written and if you have any questions Ill do my utmost to try and answer them. Do you have a pen and paper at the ready?
Charles, please. Hubert begged him.
Right here we go then. Apparently they are modified CBU-100 cluster bombs and the first thing that you have to do, according to this memo, is to set the pre-flight proximity fuze dispenser, which apparently is a self-powered radar altimeter device that auto-arms the bombs at a height of five-thousand feet. This has to be selected on the canisters fuze faceplate before take-off. That means while their still on the ground Hubert.
I know what it bloody well means Charles; get on with it!
Of course you do, sorry. Anyway, once the bombers are at the designated altitude of five-thousand feet the bomb canisters will mechanically activate and be ready for dispersal. Once the bombs are released, they will free-fall towards the ground until they drop to an altitude of one-thousand feet. 
Now this is where the genius of their development programme comes into its own and Im sure, you of all people will appreciate the mastermind of ingenuity behind their design. 
At one-thousand feet the fuze mechanism is triggered by something called a target proximity sensor which in turn detonates the bomb. The resulting explosion fragments the canisters steel casing, which in turn shatters approximately ten-thousand tightly packed glass vials of CATTS v9 virus into the atmosphere. As this fusion of liquefied infection begins to descend towards the warmer air nearer the ground, the rise in temperature reacts with the viruss biological compound causing it to vaporise. The end result is a thick misty toxic fog that just hangs in the air covering everything and anything in its wake with the deadly CATTS v9 concoction.  
So whats your estimated target for neutralisation, one-million, two-million?  Hubert butted in.
Oh a lot more than that my friend, all going well, the test case results should be stunningly effective and the infection rates should be quite phenomenal. If our calculations are near the mark, and we are pretty sure they will be, we should be looking at an initial figure of around two-million outright dead on the ground, mainly due to the Sarin content, with a further two to three-million people infected by the Ebola strain involved, and when you take into account that a droplet the size of a pinhead of CATTS v9 is enough to kill an adult male, we think that that target is actually very conservative.
And have you manufactured an antidote for this Catts virus? 
Oh yes Hubert, of course there is an antidote. In fact, three times the amount of investment that went into producing the virus went into the creation of the antidote. 
Hubert snorted down the line. So thats your game Frederick, I knew I could wheedle it out of you eventually. You are going to deliberately infect cities all over the world and then make yourself a large fortune peddling the medication needed to cure their sick and dying population. This is practically biblical Charles, are you actually trying to play God?
God no, I wouldnt go that far, the saviour of the world, just maybe.
So youre going to save the world by infecting everyone with a plague?
No you retarded imbecile thats not it at all. After the test case, this plague, as you so callously call it, will only be used to further my revolutionary plans for change and nothing more
What changes are you planning on making exactly? Hubert asked.
If I tell you that my good man, Im afraid I will have to kill you.
Do shut up old boy. 
Okay then Ill tell you. I am going to restore British rule in America. Get rid of their ghastly constitution, and bring back the monarchy. 
Charles heard a humph of incredulity billow down the line. 
Have you lost your marbles old chum, are you seriously trying to tell me that you are going to attempt to restore the British crown in America?
Not only am I going to restore the crown Hubert, but the American people will be on their hands and knees begging me to save their pathetic little lives at the same time.
Let me guess, you are going to be King. 
Hubert could not quite believe what he was saying. King of America.
Yes Hubert, I Charles George William Frederick will be the rightful King of America.
I will have to start calling you King Charles then. Hubert joked, still uneasy with his old school chums revelations.
No, your majesty will suffice. 
And do any of your other associates know of this surreptitious plot? Hubert asked him.
Not to the full extent that I have just disclosed to you. Only you and I are privy to that little nugget of information. 
The mental image of a bloated President Clayton Bane flashed into Fredericks mind.
My only other close ally in this operation is under the deluded illusion that he will be the one ruling the roost so to speak, but unfortunately for him, this little delusion is actually all part and parcel of my dastardly plan.
Still not sitting comfortably from the bizarre turn their conversation had just taken, the Lieutenant colonel swiftly moved the discussion back to his obligations for todays operation. 
Right, well, good luck with all that Charles. Now eh lets get back to the specifics shall we, where would you like the virus distribution points located?
Charles Frederick, sensing the ambiguous tone in his old friends voice, decided not to push the impetus of his campaign any further than was necessary , in fact he thought hed  probably said far too much already and was quite happy to move on.
Okay, lets crack on with the Nitty Gritty then Hubert.
If you dont mind old boy.
Not in the slightest. Right first things first, I think the optimum strike time will be approximately 8.00 a.m., this being the time that the majority of the people in the city will be out and about. And rather than wait until the evening commute for a captured audience, I think it will be better to snag the rabbits while their still sleepily coming out to feed rather than when they are finding their way back to their burrows. Following on from this ideal, I have chosen the subsequent five distribution points for maximum exposure to the Greater London area. The first drop zone will be in the North in the Islington locality. The second drop zone should be the Southern region of Lewisham. Next up will be Tower Hamlets in the East of the Capital followed by a strike over Kensington and Chelsea in the West. The final assault will be on the downtown city district itself. Once the operation is complete and all of the bombs have been released, your aircrew will then be free to initiate their defection strategy.
That all sounds devastatingly effective to me old chap, those dispersal zones will completely encompass the most populated areas of London. 
Not just a hat stand my friend. Frederick chuckled, and blindly tapped his index finger on the side of his head. Its now up to you and your company to make sure it all goes without a hitch, as I indicated before, its now far too late in the day for any screw-ups.
Its not the first time I have organised a bombing raid Charles. retorted Hubert. Granted, its the first time I have organised one over my home city, but its certainly not the first time I have dropped bombs onto supposedly innocent civilians. Remember Edinburgh, just over a year ago? So please, give me some kudos.
O yessorry Hubert, I had clean forgotten about the 2018 Scots revolt. No listen to me, I was not trying to devalue your excellent war credentials Hubert, I was just making a point thats all. I guess Im just suffering from a little pre-revolution angst. I have the ultimate faith in you and your first class team. I trust you implicitly.
Thank you Charles, thats comforting to know. Now moving swiftly on, what time should I expect your final call? 
All going to plan, I should be departing for America around 2.00 a.m. tomorrow morning, so give or take a little time either way, you should expect the final go-ahead entreaty no later than 6.00 a.m. BST. I will call you from the plane. I trust that will give you more than enough time to make your final preparations for the 8.00 a.m. incursion?
Thats plenty time. Like I said before, I can have the bombers over London in around twenty minutes, but a little more notice will certainly ease the strain. 
Excellent. Well best of British to you and Gods speed. 
And to you Prime Minister. replied Hubert.
Till six tomorrow morning then.
Until six.
Both men hung up and went back to their corresponding preparations for the eventful morning ahead.
*
Chapter 16
Washington, D.C. Friday August 7th
Elias Penchansky sluggishly opened his eyes from a dreamless inertia and was immediately confronted by one of his foulest fears; total physical paralysis. With the lone exception of his rectus eye muscles, he could not move a solitary body part. Mild panic and trepidation immersed themselves in his thoughts as he struggled to comprehend the circumstances surrounding his current situation. Then, in a sudden mindful rush of frightful recollection, all of the days previous horrors came flooding back into his head, the escape pod and being rescued by Captain Dan, the station house and the vivid dream. Then there was the deafening rattle of automatic weapon fire followed by blue eyes with a handgun jammed against his forehead and his crew being led away in shackles, then fading light enveloped by darkness. Internal rage instantly overcame the sensation of foreboding that spilled through his veins and, with all the will he could possibly muster, he despairingly endeavoured to clench an infuriated fist. It was useless, he simply could not move; he was paralysed. Where in hell am I? He thought to himself as he scoped his eyes around the suffocating pitch-dark chamber where he now lay. Am I dead? Did that blue eyes bastard assassinate me? Why cant I move?
Where are my crew? Are they dead also? A glance downward revealed that he was naked. 
Shit. he whispered out into the darkness, realising he could speak. Maybe Im not dead.
He rolled his eyes over to the left only to be confronted by anonymity and gloom. He then revolved his eyes over to the right and was equally challenged by the jet-black obscurity. What is this place? he asked himself. 
With no answer forthcoming, he sank back into oblivion. 
*
In a sound-proof compartment adjacent to where Elias lay in his raw and immovable state of paralysis, his team of three crew, Kimberly Honeydew, Nelson Catts and Assamo Al-Nassar, plus  the extra body of NASA Director John Spiker, were also laying cataleptic. The three crewmembers and the Director had been escorted from extraction helicopter two which had touched down on the Whitehouse lawn ten minutes previous to chopper one  which had been transporting the zipped up body-bag containing Elias Penchansky. Still bound by their shackles and chains, they had been dragged roughshod across the manicured grass and into the famous white building via a side entrance. Once they were in, their restraints had been removed and all four were then stripped down to their underclothing and meticulously searched. Once this nauseating humiliation was complete, the crew and Director Spiker were then re-manacled, still in their underwear, and brutally ushered down to the Whitehouse underground detention cells where they were all incarcerated together in a single chamber. A short time later, five hefty men dressed in black army clothing had burst into the cell closely followed by a midget holding a small kidney shaped metal dish containing four hypodermic needles. The detainees tried to put up a valiant fight, however bound by their restraints, their retaliation was inevitably hopeless and all four were injected and anesthetized in less than five minutes. The withdrawal operation was now complete. The retrieval of the warrior crew and the subsequent purging of the station house in Florida had been a complete success and all four crewmembers and Director John Spiker were now safely under lock and key. 
With the intense strain and rapid planning of the extraction process finally behind him, Lokepa Cookiebag Kamaka could anticipate tomorrows Presidential homecoming with enthusiasm. Hed done well and he knew his efforts would be rewarded.    
*
One hour later, Elias Penchansky again began to stir from his tethered unconsciousness for a second time, and as he opened his eyes and adjusted his sight to the surrounding blackness, he realised that his vision had inadvertently and peculiarly become more astute and attuned to the suffocating blindness that bounded his person. He could now perceive his surroundings with a broad-spectrum lucidness that had utterly eluded him during his previous spell of alertness. Whether the gloomy rooms surroundings had actually become less obscure through some vague and unknown light-source, or that this newfound clarity was the result of some sub-cerebral manifestation within his mind, he was uncertain. What he was certain of, was this chamber, the chamber where he still lay manacled to some sort of cold slab, unable to flinch or free himself, was reminiscent of a room that hed had the horrendous misfortune of being confined captive in before; only that room had been located in the slums of war-torn Bagdad during the conflict with Iraq. This room was - he assumed  still in America somewhere, and was a chamber that his own government used for the exact same purpose as the gore-splattered slaughterhouse in which hed endured three tortuous unending days and nights at the pleasure of Messer Husseins command. It was what most regimes liked to call an interrogation cubicle; torture chamber was in fact a more accurate and truthful description, but torture was not a word that most western administrations liked to use. As Elias began to survey his nightmarish environment with complete and unhindered image and revelation, a tremor of trepidation shuddered through his system as he microscopically scanned the layout of the fear-provoking cell. Directly above him, a dormant surgical light system gleamed silvery through the gloom, its triple-light head glowering down on him like three withering white-rose crowns. 
Still in a state of paralysis and unable to physically move, Elias scanned his eyes towards the left of the room. To his newly foreseen horror, and hinged to the at present vibrantly beheld west wall, clung the impending malevolent implements of cruelty and torture that he knew so well and were common to most modern interrogation cubicles. The majority of the implements and riggings were arranged and lined up in sequential order of proportion, and ranged from the most miniscule looking pliers and scalpels right up to the most colossal and fearsome  knives of butchery imaginable. Also discernible in this area were what appeared to be four cloaked figures looming together as if chatting silently among themselves; to his relief though they were not in fact animated, and on more intense scrutiny, were in fact only lab coats hanging limply from their stand. Elias swivelled his eyes back around to face the surgical light once more not wanting to gaze for too long upon the apparatuses of torture that, in due course, would no doubt be used upon his bound and movement- restricted form. 
Elias transferred his vision onto the east wall. Its entire length, now reflected incandescently through the gloom, and using his newfound powers of visualization, he realised that it was not a wall of the tiled variety in-keeping with the rest of the room, but was in actual fact a full-length mirror, and in all probability a reciprocal mirror, giving the clandestine behind the scenes onlooker full and unabridged access to the revulsions of the horror-chamber. 
After taking in the imaged reflection of the chamber for a few more moments Elias then caught sight of something that instantaneously alerted him to his current location, something that left him in no doubt as to where he had been taken drugged and cataleptic. For reflected in the glass of the mirror and completely dominating the tiled floor of the chamber, ran the emblazoned crest of an eagle. Behind and above the eagle was a radiating glory or, on which appeared an arc of thirteen cloud puffs proper, and a constellation of thirteen mullets argent. It was an American eagle holding in his Dexter talon an olive branch and in his Sinister a bundle of thirteen arrows all proper, and in his beak, a white scroll inscribed E PLURIBUS UNUM  Out of many, one. The whole of the insignia was surrounded by white stars arranged in the form of an annulet with one point of each star outward on the imaginary radiating centre lines, the number of stars conforming to the number of stars in the union of the Flag of the United States. It was the Seal of the President. This was the Whitehouse.
*
Chapter 17
Orlando, Florida, Friday August 7th
Ivana Vasilyevich awoke from her profound slumber with a start. She found herself still lying on the plush seating area in Alexia Valentines lounge, but her newly alarmed consciousness was immediately drawn far off into an alternative dwelling, although an unknown aura of darkness consumed any visionary appearance. She could sense a peculiar anxiety and dread and the prodigious feeling of being trapped. Not just trapped though, completely incapable of any movement. She sat up in an effort to clear her head then, in an instantaneous spell of her elder sensitivity, she identified the source of the foreboding. One of her blood kindred had been ensnared and was, at this exact moment, lying somewhere confined in blackness. Her thoughts instantaneously focused on her new fledgling Alexia Valentine. In a blind panic, she leapt up from the couch and rushed out through the lounge doors into the large marble-floored hallway. Outside a late evening lightning storm was raging, its blinding white wrath intermittently illuminating the shadowy reception area. Ivana stood perfectly still and let natures violent radiance display the internal surroundings of the ground floor. With her senses elevated, she felt herself being drawn towards a door to her left. Moving swiftly, she opened the door and entered the darkened room that lay beyond. Another blaze of lightning revealed the room to be a bed chamber, a veiled four poster bed at its heart, the only fixture. Ivana pulled back the sheer linen obscurity to expose what lurked behind the veil and there, staring back at her with eyes like glowing rubies, lay Alexia Valentine. Her fledgling in darkness was unharmed.  Relieved, but even more confused by her mental state of entrapment, Ivana lay down on the bed beside her. 
A few moments passed in silence before Ivana finally turned towards her new confidante, she thought maybe Alexias fresh mindfulness could perhaps bring some extra stimulus to the portentous sensitivity that still prevailed in her thoughts. 
Yuri is dead. she whispered. But I can still feel our blood flowing through the veins of other kindred.
Alexia turned in the gloom to gaze on Ivana; her radiant red glowing eyes testament to the hungers developing clutch.
Yes Yuri is dead sire. Only you and I remain now. she consoled. 
Yet I feel the blood continues to course through another. Cant you feel it? 
My feelings are being obscured by a sensation of deprivation; I can only sense a thirst for nourishment, nothing else.
Ivana swept aside her fear-provoking emotions and transferred her responsiveness towards Alexia.
You are blinded by the hunger my childe and in need of sustenance.
Ivana knew what she must do in order to nurture her fledglings needs; she would have to feed Alexia herself in order to stave off the weakness and delusion suffered from lack of blood nourishment. She was beginning to suffer a little herself, possibly a contributing factor to why she could not get a true focus on the feelings of dread; her own requirements would have to wait though. Ivana exposed her left wrist, and using her right index fingernail as a cutting edge gouged a deep crevasse into her flesh. Ivana knew feeding another in this way  known as Diablerie - is explicitly forbidden by vampirism tradition and is considered a crime by the Camarilla  the global sect of vampires in which all kindred may hold membership  but she needed her fledgling to help her identify the deep rooted sense of foreboding that consumed her, and in the hunger induced state that Alexia was currently in, she was of no use to anyone; besides the Camarilla had always regarded her as a Caitiff  a vampire of no clan  which meant she had never been fully accepted into their realm. As the sires lifeblood began to flow from her flesh, she positioned the haemorrhaging wound over Alexias mouth and her fledgling began to quench her thirst craving. A few moments later Ivana had to forcefully remove the suckling aperture away from her young, as she could only supply Alexia with enough sustenance to stave off the hunger and could not afford her own senses to grow any more fragile. Alexias glowing ruby eyes lessened in intensity as her sires blood flowed through her system and finally she began to relax a little. Ivana now needed her to use her recharged sensitivity to help locate the source of her mind-altering woe. As another blaze of lightning illuminated the gloomy room, Ivana pulled Alexia close to her so that both women were now incorporated unabridged.
Alexia, I need you to look into your soul and tell me what you sense, tell me what you feel? she beckoned.
Darkness I sense obscurity, muted terror and distressI can only feel it, I cant see it.
I need you to help me find the source. Where is it coming from?
Instantly Alexia recoiled violently out of Ivanas clutch and slammed back hard against the bedstead. Her back muscles spasmed viciously, causing her entire upper torso to writhe and ark uncontrollably inward. Her hands grasped the bedclothes in a vain attempt to control the force of the seizure, but this instinctive gesticulation only twisted her spine further into an even more ferocious contortion. Ivana Vasilyevich could only stare in awe at her young fledglings reaction to her new powers of visualization inducement; Alexias strong will and resolve being the reason for the intenseness of the force she was currently experiencing. Her head twisted violently around to face Ivana and her eyes again burned with fiery intensity. The sire instantly leaned over and grasped her fledglings hands to unite their joint sensitivities. Ivana prompted her again and within seconds, Alexia began her intuitive communiqu.
Alexia, tell me what you see. she beckoned into her trance.
Alexia closed her eyes and an overwhelming tranquillity permeated through her being, her ferociously writhing torso became motionless and settled peacefully down upon the bed sheets.     
I see a chamber, a chamber of horrors. she began pensively, A suffocating blackness and fearful paralysis. There is a man therea man of great power, but he is unable to move in the darkness. I can sense our blood flowing through his veins, he is alive and yet he is deadun-dead. He is going through the change slowly, the becoming is not yet complete in him, not yet. His time is fast approaching although he knows nothing of the power that forms inside of him, his only indication of the future lay in a dreamful hallucination of the past. Therein lays the blood kindred.
Alexias body completely relaxed as the vision disappeared from within her. Ivana was only able to feel Alexias vision and could not share in her intuitive visualization, but still she could not understand whom this blood kindred man could possibly be. Yuri was dead, slayed on the moon by Elias Penchansky, so who exactly was causing this feeling of foreboding that had now been confirmed by her fledgling as a man trapped somewhere in darkness? Perhaps after she herself had satisfied her own hunger, maybe then she would be able to get a better intuitive response as to the cause.
I am weak my childe, I will need to ease my hunger before I am able to find the true source of the anguish that suppresses my being.
Yes of course sire, you must feed to regain your power, only then will we be able to locate the source of this forbidding entrapment. In unity comes supremacy.
Yes my childe, you are truthful in your embryonic wisdom. 
Alexia, now philosophical to her sires acumen, selected this defined moment to query her primordial bloodline and her heritage.
Please sire, in the interim before the dawns light, I plead with you to regale some of your life-story, I must know of the antiquity flowing within my blood.
Ivana, attune to the mindfulness of her fledgling and her desire for ancestral knowledge, decided to relent and relate her story, a tale that the Eastern European vampire had only told once before; to the eternal love of her life Yuri Rykov. She began the anecdote of her time unending. 
I was born in Ecsed castle, Hungary, on the 15th of February 1574, the bastard child of my fourteen-year-old mother Erzsbet Bthory; I was given no name. 
Directly after birth I was snatched away and given to a fostering family who were paid handsomely by my grandfather, the Baron George Bthory, to raise me as one of their own on the condition that I was never to be made aware of my true ancestry. This family sold me to the gypsies. 
The travellers took me to Moscow. Within days of arrival, all except I, were struck down with a plague, and I was taken from their disease-ridden arms and placed into care at the Moscow sanatorium. I can remember the nurses; they looked after me well and named me Voron on account of my raven black hair. For seven years I survived in that habitation of death and decay, unblemished and free from illness or ailment, while everyone else around me perished from the plague or leprosy or some other debauched infection. 
Then, around the date of my 9th birthday, my existence changed forever. A man from the state came to visit the sanatorium and requested to see me. He asked me all about my life there and my remarkable health and how I had managed to remain free of all illness and ailments. I told him that I did not know why I had been so fortunate and the only explanation I could offer him was that I must have been born with a privileged gift for existence. This response appeared to gratify him as he just smiled then left without another word. The following day it was disclosed that I now officially belonged to the state. 
I was told to pack up my meagre belongings and to go and wait near the front entrance for my chaperon to the Kremlin. 
Upon my arrival at the great gates with my escort, I was received by the same man that had come to visit me the previous day. From the gatehouse, I was ushered through a long and winding candlelight labyrinth of corridors that finally led out into a vast room fashioned with an immensely decorative vaulted ceiling. It was in that room that I first laid eyes on my new custodian. 
Sitting upon a carved ivory throne at the far end of this chamber was a man robed in the finest cloths and jewels I had ever seen. This man was introduced to me as Ivan IV Vasilyevich - Ivan the Terrible  the Tsar of all Russia and my new adoptee. 
The very next day I was ceremonially named Ivana Vasilyevich and formally gifted over to the Tsesarevich, Ivans son and heir, in recompense for the severe beating the tsar had recently inflicted on the Tsesarevna, his pregnant wife, affecting her to miscarry. 
Ivana stopped her reminiscence for second to smear a tear from her eye, giving Alexia the opportunity to gently place an arm around her sires shoulder and to gradually ease her head down onto her breast in solace. The intensity of emotion between them was now at a crescendo as Alexias desire for the knowledge of her sires bloodline  her bloodline  resonated through their combined essence.
Please sire, Alexia softly coaxed her, let go and confide in me all I must know the whole of you. 
Ivana regained her equanimity then continued with her unremitting saga of woe.
The Tsesarevich was infuriated by his fathers gift she tentatively reflected, and right there before my childlike eyes, I bore witness to the now legendary historical conflict between father and son, Tsar and Tsesarevich. The battle was fleeting. The Tsar, in a moment of uncontrolled insanity grasped his pointed staff and struck his son a mighty blow to the crown of his head. The Tsesarevich was killed instantly. As I stood there gazing at the now despairing Ivan the Terrible, writhing upon his sons lifeless body in a fit of shame-filled remorse, I decided to flee from the Kremlin and Moscow. 
And so began my life as an outcast, roaming the barrens and wastelands to hunt and fend for myself. My eternal fate, left entirely to my own resolve. Thats when I found out what I really was, what I am. 
I left the city and headed north finding food and shelter wherever I could attain it. I taught myself to hunt in the forests in order to keep my hunger at bay. I learned how to trap and snare wild boar, wild hare, wolf and the occasional Lupine, and the more I hunted the more I became adapted to my solitary life in the wilderness. 
By the time I was a teenager all I had to do was lie in wait for my pray to tread past and I would attack from the undergrowth sinking my teeth into the beasts neck, draining its blood then skinning the carcass for its flesh. 
At first I would only stalk for prey in the darkness because that was when my hunger was at its peak, but after a while, I endeavoured to hunt during the light of day, which eventually gifted me with a great strength and resolve as I had always felt frailer in the hours of daylight. Then I could hunt day or night without weakness.  
As the years past I found myself being drawn more and more towards the hamlets and small villages that I encountered on my journeys through the wilds, and began to crave human contact, little did I know the reason why? 
One day I found myself at the verge of a small settlement deep in the thickets near the new port of Novo-Kholmogory. I made the decision to enter and as I crossed the threshold I was met by two male villagers gathering kindling for their shelters. Instantly they seized me by the arms and head then dragged me by my hair into the centre of the hamlet. The remainder of the village dwellers all came rushing out from the four other corners to see just what their kin had gathered up. Then the chanting started. All at once and almost in unison these primordial savages began to recite the same word over and over again, Vedma, Vedma, Vedma  witch , witch , witch, until the whole settlement was at a fever-pitch. From this arose hysteria. They began by dragging me across the centre of the settlement, out the other side and back into the dense forest, all the while I was being beaten with sticks and rocks and any other contrivance that hailed from their foul hand.  As we reached a large clearing, the chanting gave way to a rabble of indictments and accusations in which I was clearly being accused of slaughtering their livestock. And even though I had never set foot in this village of odiousness, news of whom I was and my feeding practices had obviously filtered down through the ether. 
I was bound in chains by the wrists and ankles and snarled to a large wooden stake. A makeshift pyre was rapidly assembled then I was savagely stripped of my clothing and trussed up at its heart. After I had been secured, the villagers then formed a ring around the base of the structure and took it in turns to curse me and spit in my face. The fire was then light and the wailing horde resumed their chanting. Vedma, Vedma, Vedma, then just as the flames arose to dance around my flesh, a new howl emanated from the abhorrent gathering, Goret Upir' Likhyi Goret!  Burn foul vampire burn! That was the moment of my true becoming, the instant in which the dormant bloodline of Bthory awakened in my soul and so began my baptism of fire into the linage of Nyrbtor. As the flames began to engulf my body I could feel the dormant ancestral power within me begin to animate and course its way through my veins, and in an instant, my whole being was possessed by the entity of the Supreme Mother. Sensing my torment and in a trance of visualization she appeared before me, reached out her hand, and channelled my blistering anguish into her ethereal sanctuary. My agony instantly vaporized and, even though I was still physically bound to the stake, my naked form now soared well above the blazing inferno that scorched and seethed beneath my feet. 
In what appeared to be time stood still, and without a spoken word, she enlightened me about my heritage. She envisioned into my minds eye my complete early life, beginning with an image from the day I was born. She explained to me all about her desperate desire to cling on to me, to look after and nurture me, but her father had been adamant to get rid of the bastard child and had wrenched me from her arms immediately after birth. She then revealed to me an image of my own father, a peasant looking boy with deep set ruby eyes. It was then that she clarified to me just what I was. She revealed to me my fate, just as her own mother had elucidated to her, only this time she used the spoken word, her voice emanating via her aura rather than being articulated by mouth. She told me I was an inimitable being; unique to the cosmos and that I would live for eras of time inconceivable and defiant to the natural laws of the universe. She called me a Vampir Upior, a vampire witch, and revealed to me my destiny. 
She spoke of a time distant eons away when I would become the Eve of the new world, and that I would spiritually link with another true blood, a chosen male, and the sole purpose of this unity would be to maintain the balance of the Earthly world, a world that must remain in equilibrium until the final judgment of Gehenna, the end of the third cycle, when the Antediluvians shall awaken and devour all of our kind. Then in a reflected image of her appearance, her luminescence began to diminish; her last words being of reassurance. She told me she would always be with me, watching over her lost child the way the cosmos had intended, and that when the final judgment day finally hailed, she would rise from the ether to hold my hand; mother and daughter reunited in damnations soothing utopia. 
As her image faded away into the fiery atmosphere my own corporal awareness returned, and that was when the screaming began. The encircled baying throng, whom only seconds ago, were chanting their vengeful axiom of Goret Upir' Likhyi Goret!, Burn foul vampire burn, now appeared to be writhing and perishing right before my very eyes. To a man, and in unity, each savage appeared to be burning from the inside out. Their skin blistered and shrivelled, their eyes melted in their sockets and their flesh oozed charred and lucid from the bone, popping and sizzling when it dropped onto the pine-needled carpet of the forest beneath where they stood. My shackles then suddenly broke free, and in a moment of transcendent enchantment, I soared high above the raging pyre gliding angelically over its inferno-like chaos and drifted down onto the cooling surface of the forest floor. As I looked around at the human obliteration that lay before me all that was left to bear witness to was blackened clothing and jewellery, scorched and congealed with clotted remnants of flesh. I knew then, right at that moment, exactly what I was, the sole purpose of my existence and the reason for my astonishing survival. I was what these now scorched and lifeless vessels of epithelium lying at my feet had called, a foul Vampire. My calling, my heritage and my fate, all passed down through the blood of my mother. It was my awakening and from that moment on I knew my destiny was to walk this world until the final judgment.
Ivana raised her head from the clutches of her fledglings bosom, sat up straight and re-fixed her gaze back into Alexias eyes. Relating the early period of her life had given her a fresh feeling of inner sang-froid, and sort of euphoric optimism about what lay ahead, after all the future could hardly be any fouler that the past. With that thought in mind she continued. 
I immediately fled back to Russia, for no other reason than to surround myself with some familiarity, only to find that the country was at war with Poland. So I did the first thing that intuitively came to mind, I joined the military. The year was 1609. 
Why the military sire? Alexia asked 
The theatre of war yields infinite access to nourishment my childe, a corpse strewn battlefield being its foremost sustenance provider.
Alexia smiled with understanding. Please go on sire, please-
Ivana let out a giggle at her fledglings enthusiastic entreaty cutting her off midsentence. 
Four-hundred years of military history is not something that can be explained away in one spell Alexia.
NoI just want to understand you, to gain a sense of what you have had to endure throughout your lifespan
All in good time my childe.
So how did you end up in America? Alexia asked, continuing her lust for knowledge and disregarding her sires appeal for a little restraint concerning times gone by. 
Lets just say that I had to leave Russia for professional reasons.
Professional reasons? Alexia persisted.
I had a falling out with a superior officer. He tried to rape me, so I killed him. I was court marshalled and sentenced to death. I escaped the next day, and with the odium of an outcast all that remained in my homeland, I fled the country.
Two weeks later I disembarked a container ship in New York and I now found myself in America. It was wonderful, from there, I moved on to the capital, Washington, D.C. where I met Yuri, my one and only love, and made a new life for myself. He found employment for me within NASA, albeit a rudimentary role as an ambassador, which required us to relocate to Florida. And up until recently my new life was functioning fine. We were blissfully happy; everything was going great until 
Alexia stared at Ivanas pale complexioned appearance as their eyes linked again in total and complete empathy. 
You will never be alone again, vowed her fledgling, as long as the Supreme Mothers blood flows through my veins, I will never break our covenant. Trust in me and I will trust in you, and together we shall be as one.
Ivana closed in on her new perpetual sister and kissed her softly on the lips, and with an expression of euphoric belief etched on her countenance, whispered a pioneering sweet nothing into her ear; the words her fledgling had been longing to hear.   
The time is nigh my childe, time to teach you to hunt.    
*
Chapter 18
Air Force One, Saturday August 8th
President Bane was jerked back into life by a squeal of feedback resulting from first Officer Terry Charraiss ham-fisted use of Air Force Ones intercom system. Upon removing his facemask, he noticed that the infernal screeching noise had also startled his wife and daughter from their slumber and both were now gradually sitting up from their sleeping positions and removing their snooze masks. 
Oops, sorry about that folks. the first officer apologised after the noise had abated, But thats us on final descent into Londons Stansted airport. We should be touching down in around thirty minutes, which according to our clock will be 1.50 a.m. London time. Again sorry if the sudden blare disturbed you. 
Bane glanced over at his sleep crumpled wife and two things immediately flashed into his mind. The first thing he thought of was how much he was going to relish leaving the old witch in London to confront the impending horrors that he and Charles Frederick were about to unleash on the metropolis, and secondly, he had to think up some excuse as to why he and the prime minister would not be accompanying them into the official Stansted greeting area. There would be no live TV broadcasting on the actual runway to meet them, the unofficial nature of the stopover had put paid to that, but once they were in the dignitarys airport reception lounge there would be no hiding away from them, and a total broadcasting free for all would undoubtedly ensue; hopefully the late hour of their arrival would mean less mass media attention though. Quite abruptly, he remembered about Savannah. She was still out for the count lying in the Presidential bedroom at the rear of the plane, he would have to think about what to do with her, and fast. Next to him, his now fully awake wife stood to her feet and reached a hand out towards Kelsy to help her up from her slouch; noticing that her husband was staring at her, she furrowed her brow and narrowed her eyes at him.
Just going to freshen up before we land darling, I couldnt possibly meet the worlds media looking like I have just got out of bed, now could I? 
Wheres Savannah? Kelsy suddenly asked pointing a finger at her friends vacant seat. Clayton shrugged his shoulders. Havent seen her, he lied, she cant have gone far though. 
True, shes probably in the bathroom. stated Kelsy.
His wife and daughter left to freshen themselves up so this was a good opportunity to quickly check on the sleeping girl. Once they were out of sight he got up and shuffled as fast as he could towards the rear of the plane, then after unlocking the entrance to the Presidential bedroom suite, he stepped inside and closed the door behind him. Savannah was still lying on the bed, and apart from her gold chains, still remained completely naked. She had not moved. He walked over to the side of the bed and raised one of her eyelids to check for any kind of muscle movement; all that greeted him was a cold blank stare from a heavily dilated green pupil. Checking the pulse on her neck revealed a faint throbbing sensation, and the confirmation that she was still alive. After covering Savannahs naked form with the bed sheet, he ambled over to the minibar to retrieve a full bottle of vodka from one of the lavishly stocked shelves, and then proceeded to tip its full contents down the sink and toss the empty bottle onto the bed next to the comatose girls torso. The deception was complete. He returned to his seat, sat down and waited for his wife and daughter to return. In the meantime, crewmembers Jane Brooks and Marcus Feldman entered the cabin seating area to inform the President that he and his family were to buckle up and prepare for landing and that once they were on the ground there would be a short delay before they were at their terminal post because there was a lot of runway traffic this evening. Moments later Sally and Kelsy were back at their seats and before either of them could ask the question that was still etched on their faces, the President outplayed them.
So Kelsy, you never told me that your pretty little friend was an alcoholic, must have slipped your mind eh.
An alcoholic, what are you talking about, wheres Savannah dad?
Sleeping off the contents of a bottle of Russias finest, thats where she is Kelsy.
Where is she Clayton? demanded Sally.
Shes lying on the bed in Presidential bedroom suite, completely off her face on my Kauffman luxury vintage. Three-hundred dollars a bottle that shit costs the taxpayer!
Sally Bane knew this ghastly little escapade had her soon to be ex-husbands dirty fingerprints all over it and was just about to storm off towards the bedroom when Captain Jon Mathens voice came over the intercom.
Okay folks thats us lined up for our final approach, please remain seated with your seatbelts securely fastened until we have stopped safely on the taxi-way.
I might just quickly go and check on her. Kelsy announced. 
Shes fine Kelsy, just let her sleep it off. appeased her father Besides you heard what the pilot said, we have to remain seated for now. You can check on her once were on the ground.
Mother and daughter shared a look of infuriated frustration while Bane turned his attention towards the landscape out of the window.
Look Kelsy, twinkling London. he crooned, pressing a chubby finger against the plastic glazing.
Wow, a big city full of sleeping people. she responded sarcastically.  
Bane ignored the contemptuous remark and continued to gaze out at the fast approaching ground. His thoughts now turned to the welcoming committee and he hoped that Charles would have the foresight to meet them on the runway and not inside the reception building and cursed himself for not having thought of this technicality before now. Dead on time at 1.50 a.m., Air Force One glided across the grassy perimeter of the runway and seconds later gently touched down on the brightly lit tarmac. 
Ten minutes after landing the airliner finally came to a stop, and as the President peered out the small Perspex window, he observed two things that instantaneously put his mind at ease. The first thing he noticed was the definite lack of an official welcome committee, no candlelit red carpet and no pomp and ceremony. The second thing he witnessed was a black coloured limousine discreetly waiting on the tarmac, and at the side of the car, in-between its swept open doors, stood the solitary figure of a man dressed in a dark suit. Through the surrounding shining hue, he immediately recognised this man to be his friend and ally Charles Frederick. 
With the plane now ground to a halt, Sally and Kelsy Bane unharnessed their restrains and hurriedly walked the length of the cabin towards the Presidential bedroom suite to check on Savannah. Clayton Bane refrained from following them and instead took this opportunity to stride in the opposite direction and into the cockpit. He quickly informed Pilot John Mathen and first officer Terry Charrais that there had been an unforeseen change to their itinerary and instructed them that once he and his family had officially met the Prime Minister on the ground that the PM and he, in a last minute change of plan, would be flying to Washington, D.C. straightaway. Pilot John Mathen asked no questions regarding the sudden change of itinerary, but did point out that normally they would hold fire until the plane had been refuelled, and although this was not strictly necessary for the three-thousand-six-hundred mile return to D.C, it was usually just a precautionary measure. President Bane ordered him to ignore the refuelling protocol and to concentrate on getting the plane back in the air and en route to America. That task done, Clayton left the cockpit and returned to the main cabin area.  Crewmembers Jane Brooks and Marcus Feldman were negotiating the opening of the forward door and as Clayton squeezed past their labouring efforts back into the seating area he was in perfect time to witness his wife Sally and daughter Kelsy come storming their way along the cabin and into full view. Sallys face was twisted with rage and directly behind her Kelsys expression was not far off her mothers. As they approached him with venomously seething eyes Clayton knew that hed been rumbled and that his hankering after, and subsequent molestation, of Savannahs teenage essence, had now been undeniably exposed. The two women confronted him.
What in hells name have you done to Savannah? Sally fumed, The poor girl is completely delirious, her eyes are rolling in their sockets and she can hardly speak. And can you also explain to me why she is laying completely naked underneath the bed sheet....Well can you?
Clayton shrugged his shoulders and inwardly smiled to himself. Little bitch ass must be finally coming around he mused, must have given her way more Rohypnol than she could handle though. Not thinking, he rambled a few words of explanation.  
Firstly, I hardly touched the girl Sally, I have done nothing immoral, and secondly, she probably just got too hot after drinking the bottle of vodka, she must have simply stripped off her clothes and gone into bed to sleep it off. 
Clayton Bane instantly blushed at what was undoubtedly the lamest excuse hed ever come up with, even by his standard. Sally was left utterly speechless by his explanation. She knew that her husband was accountable for Savannahs condition, but she also knew that all the yelling, accusation and finger pointing in the world would not make one iota of difference to a man whose libido was completely out of control. The very same man, which only a few hours ago, when she had said she was filing for divorce, had acted in an conceding and nonchalant manner not even bothering to put up a fight  mind you her hands were around his throat for most of the conversation. This was definitely the end of their union and to- hell with him she thought, she would not waste one more jot of her precious life pandering around his insecurities, and constantly lying to herself and her daughter about his underhanded dealings and dubious whereabouts. He was what her long dead mother would have called a deceitful rat-bastard, and her only concern now lay with her daughter and her daughters friend Savannah. Once they were all safely out of the airport reception building, all three of them would go straight to a hotel, well away from the asphyxiating clutch of her soon to be ex-husband, and after that, she vowed that the next time she laid eyes on him, the next time she looked over to stare deep into his putrid expressionless face would be across the hostile arena of the court room, while her crack team of lawyers ripped his character to shreds. By this time in the proceedings, the crewmembers of Jane Brooks and Marcus Feldman had managed to prise open the forward exit door and a gust of cold London summer air swept its way up through the yawning entranceway enveloping the cabin with its chill. The sudden blast of icy air appeared to motivate the President into action. 
Right, are we all ready to meet the Prime Minister then? 
What about Savannah? Kelsy enquired cuttingly. 
What about her? her father barked back. What exactly do you want me to do with her Kelsy, eh? Carry her down the stairs under my left arm then shake the Prime Minister of Great Britains hand with my right! Dont be so stupid. Its your friends own fault she got into that state so she will just have to deal with the consequences.   
We cant just leave her back there! Kelsy bawled back.
After a few seconds of the resulting father and daughter standoff, Clayton had an idea to turn this situation towards his favour.
Listen, I might just have a plan that will enable this state of affairs to work itself out. After we meet Mr Frederick, you and your mother take the waiting limo to the terminal reception. I will stall the Prime Minister by insisting I give him a small guided tour of Air Force One, minus the Presidential bedroom suite of course, just to see what he thinks of its set-up. He doesnt have access to an official plane like this remember so he will probably be quite eager to have a discreet nose around its layout. Then, after an hour or so, giving Savannah some extra time to sober up, the PM and I will make our way over to the reception suite to meet up with you and the rest of the committee. Once there I will call the crew and arrange for Jane and Marcus to rouse Savannah, get her dressed and then escort her over to the reception area, simple.   
Mother and daughter exchanged apprehensive glances, whereas Clayton was feeling pretty self-satisfied with his hastily thought-out proposal. 
Well, I suppose that might work. conceded Kelsy. 
I will not leave the airport without her Clayton. Sally snapped.
Of course not Sally, affirmed Bane, now if were all through arguing here, can we please get the hell off this plane? Prime Minister Frederick is waiting for us.
The President turned and walked to the front exit and Sally and Kelsy followed behind him. As he reached the doorway, he instructed the waiting crewmembers to collect their parties suitcases from the internal luggage compartment and to take them down to the waiting car. Stepping out from the exit, the President shuffled down the stair cart and onto the ground where Charles Frederick was waiting to greet him with out-stretched arms and both men gripped hands and pulled in for a mock bear hug.
Mr President wonderful to see you here, I trust you had a pleasant flight?
Just fine Prime Minister, not a cloud in the sky. 
Excellent, theres nothing worse than turbulent skies eh? Frederick countered, the in-joke causing both men to snigger.
Sally and Kelsy were now down at the base of the stair cart and had come to a stop directly beside the two embracing men. Bane released his grip and broke free from the hug to announce his wife and daughter.
Prime Minister Frederick, I would like to introduce you to my wife Sally, Clayton paused to let Charles shake her hand and kiss her on the cheek. And my beautiful daughter Kelsy. Charles repeated the handshake and kiss gesture with Kelsy.
Delighted to finally meet you both. charmed Frederick. I cannot believe we have never met up before now, after all these years in office, just goes to show what a busy life you all must lead. 
Sally Banes face dropped slightly as she stared at the Prime Minister. They had met before, three years ago in fact, at the inauguration ceremonial dinner the January after Clayton had been elected. And as she vividly remembered he had arrived alone saying that his wife had taken ill and that she was extremely sorry she was unable to attend. Later that evening after he had made a complete chump of himself by drinking too much and falling over on the dance-floor, he was spied leaving the festivities clutching a rather buxom blonde girl by the tushy. How could he not remember? Was he so inebriated that evening that his mindfulness had vanished?  Or perhaps he was just like his American counterpart, a total drunken lecher only interested in his next carnal conquest. Whatever, why should she even care, after this meet and greet get-together was over, she would be well away from the sordid world of politicians and political affairs forever, and in a few more days she and the girls would be sunning themselves under the azure blue skies of Tuscany, so to hell with them all, every last one of them. She decided against reminding the PM about his little indiscretion and instead put her arm around Kelsy and guided her into the waiting car. Bane, after witnessing this gesture, decided to make his move.
Say Charles, he smiled across at the PM, howd ya fancy a guided tour of this bus of mine? Im sure you would love to see all the gizmos and fancy gadgets that the hard working people of America have made available at my disposal. 
Charles Frederick glanced over at the limo and realised that both the first lady and her daughter were now sitting in the back seat of the car, and upon returning his gaze towards the President, immediately noticed the intensity of the request burning deep within his associates eyes.
Yes Clayton that would be just dandy old bean, Ive just got to retrieve something from the front seat of the car. 
Walking over towards the waiting vehicle the Frederick leaned in and recovered a large silver coloured metal attach case from the front seat, then addressed the driver. 
Martin, would you kindly escort the first lady and her daughter to the reception lounge please, then return for the President and myself in Charles glanced over at Clayton and received a one-fingered gesture that he took to mean one hour. In around an hours time. 
No problem sir. confirmed the driver. And without so much as a goodbye, both rear doors were closed by their occupants, and the limo sped away towards the terminal building. Charles Frederick and Clayton Bane were now standing alone on the tarmac. 
You appear to be in the bad books old friend. Charles snorted. 
Aint I always? replied Bane. 
Both men mutually laughed while climbing the steps to board the plane. Once on-board, Prime Minister Charles Frederick was greeted by cabin crewmembers Jane and Marcus and after the official niceties were over, the President and Prime Minister retired to the boardroom and sat down at the head of the desk, Bane at the top; with Frederick to his right, resting the silver case flat side down on top of the table. 
So Clayton, when are we leaving? Charles asked abruptly.
Just as soon as I get the leftover luggage off the plane Prime Minister.
And when exactly will that be?
Bane just smiled at his British counterpart, then stood up and headed for the exit.
Unfortunately I have a little leftover flesh rousing herself at the rear of the plane, a little teenage relief that will warrant expulsion before we can leave, I will take care of it now, we will leave ASAP.
Charles Frederick shook his head in frustration, and muttered something inaudible under his breath. In the meantime, Bane had already exited the boardroom and was trooping his way to the main seating area to meet up with the cabin crew. When he arrived, Jane and Marcus were busy tidying up the mess left behind by their VIP passengers outward flight. 
Listen guys, never mind that for now, he ordered upon reaching them, I need you to get yourselves along to the Presidential bedroom suite and recover Savannah Reston. Apparently during the flight she took it upon herself to down one of my bottles of vodka then take a nap in my bed, stupid bitch is still sleeping it off back there. Could you please get her dressed and help her down the stairs onto the tarmac, the fresh night air might just help sober her up enough so she can make it into the terminal reception without falling over.  
Both crew immediately stopped what they were doing and nodded their heads in agreement.
Thanks guys, I would really appreciate that. 
Clayton Bane left his cabin crew walking off to do his dirty work and made his way straight into to the cockpit. When Clayton entered, Captain Jon Mathen and first officer Terry Charrais were still seated at their positions and appeared to be running through their return flight schedules.
Everything all set for our return to Washington Captain? Bane asked.
Just about Mr President, I have checked in with air traffic control and we are currently looking at a 2.30 a.m. take off from runway twenty-six-L. 
How long have we got to go then? 
Ten minutes Mr President. 
Great. Oh, I forgot to say, we have another slight change of plan. Jane and Marcus will also be staying on in London for a while, thought Id give them some time off, plus theyve agreed to help assist my wife and daughter while theyre here on vacation, so it will just be the four of us on the return trip.
This obviously deceitful lie was of no interest to either captain or first officer in the slightest.
No problem Sir, as I say we will be ready for the off in ten.
Bane left it at that for the moment and continued to wait in the cockpit until he heard the commotion of his two crewmembers remonstrating with their teenage quarry outside the flight-deck door. And from all the profanity and pounding sounds emanating from the forward cabin area, it sounded to him like Savannah was finally coming around. A moment later Clayton peered out from behind the cockpit door only to witness the tops of his two crewmembers heads, complete with a pair of encircling arms, disappear down the stair cart and into Londons night-time darkness. With the last individuals now off the plane, Clayton turned and ordered first officer Terry Charrais to close the forward exit door, then in turn, instructed his pilot to begin taxiing Air Force One out towards the runway to concur with their 2.30 a.m. take-off slot. Happy that everything had gone to plan, the President sauntered back along the cabin and into the boardroom where an exasperated Prime Minister Charles Frederick was waiting impatiently for his return. Bane sat down at the head of the table and shot a smile over at his compatriot.
Thats us ready for the off Charles. The first officer is closing the forward exit door as we speak.
Frederick forced a nervous smile in response, but only seconds later, when he felt the sudden jerk of the plane commencing its taxing manoeuvres out towards the runway, his face relaxed and the days built up tension released itself in a deep and audible sigh of relief. The wait was finally over and nothing was going to stop them now.  Both men sat in silence as Air Force One rolled out to take up position for departure, the titanic engines echoing their mighty power through the whole of the surrounding fuselage. Pilot Jon Mathens voice broke the air in the boardroom.
Good evening, Mr President, Prime Minister Frederick. Thats us all lined up for take-off, so please remain seated with your lap belts securely fastened until we have levelled off at our designated altitude of thirty-eight-thousand feet. Our flight time back to Washington Dulles International will again be around the seven and a half hour mark, which, taking the time difference into account, will in turn make our landing time approximately 5.00 a.m. Washington time. So sit back, relax, and as always if you need any more info, just give me a holler. The plane continued to taxi for another few feet then finally came to a halt. Seconds later, Pilot Jon Mathen launched the mighty Boeing VC-25 along the runway and then glided its titanic body up of the ground and into the cool and dark London night sky. Charles Frederick glanced down at his watch; the time was exactly, 2.30 a.m.
As the plane continued its ascent, the two world leaders sitting at the boardroom table perceptibly and internally began to ease into each others company, both exchanging silent glances and stretched-eyed smiles intermittently back and forth across the mahogany desk. A few more moments of glancing smiles passed by until the excitement of their forth-coming quest became far too much for the President to bear; he could not contain his exhilaration for one more second. Like a teenager going on their first vacation without their parents, he simply began to rant with delirium.
So Charles, can you believe the time has finally come, can you? I cant. I mean, we are actually going to change the structure of the word, the world Charles, the world for gads sake. Wow, if my parents could see me now.
You mean your father? Charles corrected him.
Yeh.
But what about your mother? 
What about her?
Well she was nothing more than a harlot, you know that. Charles stated indifferently. 
My mother was a kind hearted woman; she raised me as if I was her own.
Not your Stepmother you fool, Im referring to your birth mother.
If you say so Charles, Yeh I presume she was a harlot. 
Yes, I do say so; because I had the misfortune of being brought up by her remember. Well that was if and when she could be bothered to perform her motherly duties.
Mind you Charles, if it wasnt for that harlot we would not be, well you know.
Charles Frederick finished the sentence for him. 
Brothers
Yes brothers 
Well thank heaven for loose English morales and a lack of noble chastity 
Both men paused in their conversation and stared profoundly into each others eyes, and then an instant later, Clayton Bane got up from his seat and walked over to what appeared to be a mahogany cabinet attached to the end wall of the boardroom, opened it, and retrieved a bottle of whisky and two crystal glasses. Sitting back down at the head of the table, he removed the cork stopper and decanted himself and his brother a large measure. 
To mommy, the whore who unknowingly revolutionise the world. he laughed
To mamma. replied Charles.
Both men raised their glasses and then clashed them together in a mid-air toast to their mutually departed mother.
*
Chapter 19
The Whitehouse, Friday August 7th
Coinciding with Air Force One lifting off the runway in London, five hours behind and three-thousand-six-hundred miles away in the city of the planes terminal destination, Elias Penchansky began to rouse once more from the domain of a black dreamless sleep and awake headlong into the cold reality of his dark veiled imprisonment. Having no concept of the exact time, he could only guess that it must have been either very late in the evening or very early the next morning, but given the distinct lack of natural light in his interrogation cubical, it was impossible to tell night from day, let alone dusk from dawn. On the upside, his senses now appeared much more attuned to his suffocating surroundings because he could now perceive most things fairly clearly through the murky darkness that bounded him. The intense blackness was still there, it was just his personal perception now seemed to be a lot clearer. Once again, he tried in vain to raise an arm and a leg up from the slab where he lay, and once again, his efforts proved to be futile. The sensation had returned to his exposed muscles and limbs while he had been asleep, but the shackles that bound him to the table, proved just too meaty to be unhinged by force. Turning his vision towards the huge wall- mirror, he again scanned the room using its reversed reflection, only this time, as he stared across intently at his profane and fear-provoking environment, he thought he could just discern a vague shape of what could have been a black and shadowy figure, crouching down menacingly in the far corner of the chamber. He could now see it was definitely a shape, a shape that had not been there before, but whether it was human or not was imperceptible even with his strange newfound powers of cognitive imaging. He lifted his head off the slab and slowly swivelled it over in the direction of the dark bulky outline, but all he could really make out was his own bare feet and the implements of sadistic torture attached to the wall. The shape was down below his confined line of vision. A fresh range of emotions suddenly surged through him. Firstly a transfixing trepidation and fear of what loomed in the terror-maddening shadows beyond his sight range, and secondly and even more bizarrely, a hunger, no a thirst, seemed to almost simultaneously follow, perhaps even to the extent of overwhelming his conscious fears. He was starving hungry, ravenous, and thirsty, and he could feel his own blood surging and heaving back and forth behind his eyes. What the hell was happening to him? He thrust his head back in the opposite direction to once again gaze upon the mirrors backward replications and gape once more upon the obscure lurking and shadowy bulk in the corner of the room. Then it moved. It did moveI saw it move he thought. Was it just a figment of my imagination? Elias intensified his stare and trying his best to block out the penetrating feelings of hunger focused all of his mental energy upon the hidden dark form that still evaded his clearing sight. For a few seconds more, he held his stare, until the dark shadowy element  whether attune or not to his gaze  began to rise. Without further warning, a baying sound began to emanate from within its animation, followed by the slow and deliberate movement of its ghostly substance towards him. Elias, mesmerised by its slow and lurching motion, remained composed, and despite an inner feeling of terror, the urge to scream aloud, or yell at the thing to reveal its self and its purpose of being, instinctively, and mechanically began to communicate with its shadowy effluence through his own concentrated mind. What are you? He cerebrally asked the shapes thick and murky matter. Why are you here, and what do you want from me? The dark form was now looming large and menacingly at the bottom of the slab and only inches away from his unmovable and manacled ankles; a tingling sensation of anxiety shuddered up from his unprotected toes and into the pit of his stomach. Then suddenly, Elias realised that his perceptual questions appeared to have had some sort of impact on the being, because, apart from the shape seeming to slow in its approach, it also now seemed lessless roguish, and actually began to change in form from being a suffocating impression of black-shadowed malevolence into something altogether less threatening. It was precisely at that point, that the change of assertiveness within his mind brought forth the image of his new kin. Slowly the form of the Supreme Mother began to unfurl from within her veiled and dark-cloaked layers, finally revealing herself unto the latest of her descendants. The apparition developing in front of Elias quite simply left him aghast, for in an instant, standing in front of him was the radiant apparition of a womana young and bountiful woman. This woman he instinctively knew to be his mother, even though he had never perceived her image before this moment in time. As he continued to scrutinise the now almost completely unveiled spectre, the phantoms physiognomies finally spread-out from behind the opaque shroud exposing her features for his full comprehension. Her pale and perfect complexion yawned in complete comparison to her dark bistre tinted eyes, and her burnished obsidian hair was scraped back off her scalp in tightly woven pleats. Adorned in a blood-red dress made from some kind of textured velvet, its low-slung neckline revealed a golden amulet necklace embedded with jade and turquoise gemstones. Elias raised his head from the slab where he lay with the intent of forming a verbal question to allay some of his uncertainties, but was instantly hushed by the phantasmagorical presence hovering directly in front of him. Seeming to spiritually comprehend his inner questions, the Supreme Mother began her charter of enlightenment through a series of edifying statements, and as she began, Elias felt a sudden surge of tranquillity sweep through his body and slowly rested his head back onto the cold slab.
Do not be afraid my entombed descendant, the words began emanating through her transcendent mind, for you shall be set free from youre entrapment when the sanctified baptism of fire is upon you; you will sense no worldly pain, for I am the Supreme Mother of our kind, Erzsbet Bthory, and only I can grant thee eternal life. Her image began to radiate with frightening speed and almost in the blink of an eye, her illuminated aura became almost blinding. White lightning began to completely consume her radiant ethereal spectre, shooting out stretched, wispy cobalt and crimson rods of light into all four corners of the chamber. The room was now so illuminated by this supernatural phenomenon that Elias had to almost close his eyes completely to avoid being blinded by the energies. She began to speak again.
You my childe have developed slowly, the way in which you were ordained being responsible for your sluggish and gradual transformation. 
The Supreme Mother conceptually plunged the image of Ivana Vasilyevich and Yuri Rykov into his entranced mind, instantaneously followed by the wraithlike visualization of the battle scene that he had fought out with the Russian mercenary down on the lunar mine floor. Their combat played out vividly within his mind, until the moment when he found himself sinking his teeth into Yuri Rykovs wrist; the Russians lifeblood was now pouring down his throat and deep into his system. With that awareness instilled within his mind, the phantom image suddenly shattered into a thousand tiny spectral pieces, before disappearing completely.
That was your contagion, the moment that defined your destiny, youre embrace and youre kiss, the Supreme Mother preached unto him, for at that moment in time, when you absorbed the essence of Ivanas Russian fledgling, youre human understanding of mortality was unwittingly altered for time without end. You are mine now. You are a Vampire. Elias, although still entranced by the vision in front of him, managed to form a question in his mind then transfer the thought in to speech.
If you are who you say you are then why dont you free me? If I am one of your so called kin, then help me damnit, unshackle me. 
Still unsure of the believability of the apparition in front of him, he began to wonder if he had simply lost his mind. 
You are perfectly sane American neonate. the Supreme Mother replied, interpreting his delusional scepticism. And you will be set free, in time. When your lingering humanity is fully betrothed into the baptism of fire, your innate human existence shall perish within the realms of antagonistic agony, pain my childe will set you free. Be not afraid though young fledgling, for you will know when the time is upon you, and I, your Supreme Mother, will guide you through the ritual of baptism devoid of any human torment or Earthly ache. My observant presence within this chamber will not be instantly recognisable, but I will come to you and I will chaperon you through your sacramental rite of passage into the lineage of Nyrbtor.
Elias continued to stare at the ghostlike apparition of the Supreme Mother neither fully believing what she had just alleged was happening to him  or would be happening to him - or fully dismissing her proclamation either. He knew he was hallucinating, he must be. He was a man of science and technology after all, and what this woman, this unearthly phantasm, was telling him, was that because he had inadvertently swallowed a quantity of Yuri Rykovs blood that he himself was on the verge of becoming a full-blooded vampire. With that thought still swirling through his mind the radiant image in front of him began to fade from its current incarnation of brightly glowing luminescence, reverting back, firstly into its original veiled and shadowy state and then a few seconds later, disappearing into the ether altogether. The interrogation cubicle was again shrouded in darkness and as Elias began to contemplate what his dark imaginings had just apparently summoned up before him, he found it awkward to shift the image of his nemesis, Yuri Rykov, out from his awareness. Surely, if there was such a thing as a god, he would not be so cruel as to grant his archenemy such a final say in his subjective humanityonly time would tell. With that thought in mind, delirium and deep-abstract sleep took hold of his being once more, closing his eyes with perceptual exhaustion, he instantly swooned back into blackness. For when he awoke again, the customary existence of Elias Penchansky would be nothing more than a faded and distant memory bleached into the realms of a time gone by. 
*
Directly across the hallway from the now departed and evocative manifestation in Penchanskys interrogation cubical, his three crewmembers, plus director John Spiker, remained in a comatose state. And all would remain so, until time and circumstance awoke them from their drug-induced slumber.
*
Chapter 20
Orlando, Florida, Friday August 7th
Ivana Vasilyevich and Alexia Valentine had readied themselves to leave the mansion house in Windermere, were dressed to kill  literary  and ready to go out into the domain of the city on the hunt for some fresh meat. 
Despite Alexias rather conservative clothing collection made up of mainly business suits and casual wear, Ivana had managed to locate a few items of appropriate attire from the inside of one of her many, vastly stocked, walk-in wardrobes, and ultimately dress both herself and her fledgling in an extremely alluring fashion befitting of her own style. Simple short black dresses were the mainstay of both their outfits, but with sheer black nylon hold ups, torn and laddered in the modern trampy fashion and with each ensemble combined with a pair of black designer high heels from Alexias seemingly infinite array, they were assured a big score on the seduction scale. Ivana, after having to stave off Alexias hunger using her own blood, was in desperate need of nourishment and, with the desire to know exactly where her earlier feelings of trepidation had originated, knew that after she had regained her sustenance, she would have a much better chance of homing in on the exact location of the mysterious kindred spirit that so evaded her usual elder insightfulness. Leaving the relative sanctuary of Alexias manor house behind them, they drove out from the confines of the gated community and plush residential homes and headed straight for downtown Orlando; their destination, a nightclub entitled The Cameo Lounge. The fashionable lounge bar come dance club was a haunt that Ivana had scored big in before, frequented by anyone who was anyone either visiting or working in the nearby flux of film studios, the C lounge  as those in the celebrity loop referred to it  was the place to hang out after dark. Tonight was no exception, for when the two female predators arrived at the clubs valet parking zone; Ivana immediately recognised at least four A-list celebrities shrouded by security personnel entering through the VIP door to the west side of the main entrance. Their car doors were opened almost simultaneously by two young men dressed in dark trousers and red waistcoats with matching bowties, and as Alexia slipped out from behind the wheel and moved towards the main entrance, her sire swiftly walked around the front of the car to meet up with her. Security appeared to be tight tonight with six heavy set bouncers dressed in black tuxedoes blocking their path through the main doorway; and as both women came to a halt in front of them, all six men began to ogle the seductively outfitted women from top to  quite literally - bottom.
Hello guys. Ivana purred in her Eastern European accent, Any room inside for two stray pussycats? 
The bouncer nearest the door opened it instantly and without a single word of reply from the clubs first line of defence, both hunters gracefully stepped past them and into the ground floor lounge. Noticing that Alexia was scanning the large brightly lit open plan bar area in front of them for suitable fodder, Ivana turned her attention towards the evenings game plan.
Do not bother yourself with the riff raff on this floor my childe, these souls are nothing more that ground feeders, leeches that suck from the scraps left over by those of a higher value. Tonight we will dine on the stars. 
Taking her companion by the hand, Ivana guided her through the throngs of sub-class patrons on the ground floor and over to a small stairway at the side of the main bar. Once again they were confronted by a horde of security staff dressed in identical garb as their front door counterparts, but this time, as Ivana and Alexia came within a few feet of the muscle-bound barricade, there was no attempt made to stop them in their tracks, no leering scrutiny or lurid ogling, both simply slipped right past without a word and began to make their way up the tightly wound wooden spiral staircase that led to the VIP lounge on the first floor. Once at the top Ivana, still guiding Alexia by the hand, picked up her stride and led her fellow hunter through the throngs of the superior classes, up another small flight of stairs, and into a small private booth complete with an adjoining balcony area offering unrestricted views over the dance floor and central lounge area. As luck would have it, and unbeknown to Alexia, Ivana had secured them her favourite table within the entire club; from this vantage point they would have their pick of the litter. Within seconds of them sitting down, their personal attendant for the evening  a twenty something male schmoozer named Brad - was already upon them and asking if they would care to peruse the cocktail and wine menus. Ignoring the prerequisite list of options placed in front of her, Ivana took it upon herself to order for both of them instructing the tip-hungry waiter to bring them a bottle of Perrier-Jout Belle poque champagne from the clubs special reserve. With Brad now on his way, Ivana turned her attention back towards her fledgling and to the imperative matter of picking out some fresh vessels to rejuvenate their weakening vivacities. Noticing that Alexia already appeared to have her eye on one particular individual reclining in a booth on the opposite side of the dance floor, she wasted no time in challenging her prodigy as to her intentions. 
You like the look of that one? Ivana enquired over the habitual blare of the clubs electro-industrial music. 
Who?
You know who, the one in the shiny grey suit with all the girls surrounding him.
Alexia blushed Maybe?
Do you know who that is?
No, should I? she asked continuing to hold her gaze in his direction.
You have no idea?
No just think hes.
Good looking?
Yes. Who is he?
Antonio Del Ray, celebrity hustler, convicted rapist, and luminary movie star from New York.
Never heard of him.
Who he is does not really matter, he is fit for purpose. Do you want him?
Alexia blushed again, but this time staring into her sires eyes brought forth an entirely different kind of emotionthe emotion of blood desire.
Yes, I want him. she stated without sentiment.
Well in that case, you shall have him.
The intensity of their conversation was broken by Brad the schmoozer arriving with their bottle of pink champagne, and after popping the cork and pouring the hunters two full glasses, he made off with a smile on his face hoping that the woman who had just ordered the two-hundred dollar bottle of fizz, would remember to add on a fifteen per cent tip for his services, unfortunately for Brad, Ivana and Alexia remained oblivious to the waiters begging intentions and continued to persist in focusing on their glamorous prey across the room.
 Come Alexia, she beckoned toward her companion, time to introduce ourselves to the unsuspecting vessel of nourishment.
Ivana stood up, clutched the bottle of champagne in her right hand, and with her left hand, once more took hold of Alexias; raising her to her feet, both women started in the direction of the dance floor. Crossing through the vibrant rainbow of laser lights and intermittently flashing flooring illuminations, they headed straight towards the booth on the opposite side, coming to a stop when they were directly in front of their targets private seating area. Once up close it became apparent that Antonio Del Ray was completely surrounded by six very young and very striking girls all of whom appeared barely old enough to be frequenting an establishment such as this.  Unfortunately for them though, with Ivana in full hunting mode, she took heart noting that none of these little teases could be any match for her own transcendent skills of allurement.  Almost instantly the film star caught her glare and with a beckoning wave of his right hand, gestured for the two hunters to enter the booth. Ivana and Alexia glided in past three of the six adoring female admirers that were sitting on his left side and squeezed their way over to their target. Continuing to hold his gaze, Ivana rested the bottle of champagne on the table and sat down directly beside him; gesturing towards Alexia to take up position on the film stars right-hand side. With both women now up close and personal, and in an ideal position to begin their entrapment, Ivana made the first move. Without any introduction, she placed her hand on Antonio Del Rays left thigh then slowly ran the palm of her hand up towards his crotch; staring into his eyes she whispered something incomprehensible  some indecipherable Latin lament - into his left ear. Upon retracting, Ivana returned her deep gaze towards her fixated preys enchanted glare. Without another word, the sleazy celebrity stood to his feet and instantly ushered the six infatuated young girls out of the private booth leaving only him and the two hunters inside the reserved area. Sitting back down between them, and with a look of spellbound disorientation etched upon his face, he slowly turned his attention towards Alexia.
Your companion tells me that you are in need of some sustenance; would you care for some exquisite fare? The chefis a friendfeedfeedfeed. he trailed off with disordered abstraction. Alexias hunger surged upon witnessing her victims tempting and tranquil demeanour, and a quick glance over at her partners glaring red eyes, revealed to her that feeding time was only a matter of seconds away.       
You areso the film star began, his last words receding back into his transfixed mind. 
With Antonios vision now rolling inwardly revealing only the whites of his eyes, Alexia took this as her opportunity to swiftly lean in on her prey and sink her protruding teeth deep into his jugular vein. On the contrasting side, Ivana replicated her fledglings bloodlust with a voracity that almost tore the skin from the bone. 
Once Alexias modern Ascension - her first kill - was complete, and both women were drenched in the darkened gore of their vessels blood, high on the ecstasy and the sensation of emancipation, the hunters swiftly made their way toward the clubs exit leaving the completely drained and lifeless carcass behind them.    
Once back at the mansion house in Windermere, after a few hours of rest and recuperation, they would once again channel their energies together to locate the unedifying source of kindred trepidation that had previously outwitted their dulled and tired senses, only this time; they would have a united cerebral supremacy which would ultimately enable them to locate their target with ease.
*
Chapter 21
Air Force One, Saturday August 8th
Sitting at the top of the boardroom table in Air Force One, and with only a few inches of fine whisky remaining in the bottle,  Clayton Bane and Charles Frederick were now completely at ease in each others company. It had been thirty minutes since they left Gatwick airport, the plane had levelled off at the designated altitude, and Captain Dan Lyons routinely informed them that they could now unfasten their restraints and safely move around the cabin.  With only four and a half hours left until the CATTS v9 test case was scheduled to begin over London; Charles Frederick was keen to go over their plans for Operation Reprisal. The very same plans that both men had frequently discussed and arranged - mainly over the phone - within the past three years, since finding out that they were in actual fact half-brothers via the same mother. But before he began, Charles had a little present for his sibling tucked away in the metal attach case that remained sitting on the desk in front of him. Spinning the case around on the desktop so that the locks on the front faced the President, he gently pressed in on the twin metal latches and released them from their housings. 
So brother, I bet your wondering whats in the case? he asked with a wry smile.
Clayton Bane made no verbal reply, and simply upstretched an eyebrow to indicate that he was a captive audience. Charles Frederick slowly raised the silver top of the case open to reveal the contents to his brother. Once fully open for his assessment, Clayton Bane remained speechless and not quite believing what he was staring at.
Its a crown. he beamed, still in complete awe of the glittering ornament of jewels placed in front of him.
A crown yes, but not any old crown my American friend.
No? 
No, this just happens to be the St Edwardss crown. The actual piece of regalia used since 1661 to officially crown all new British monarchs during the coronation ceremony.
Clayton Bane placed his hands inside the case and gently eased out the historical piece of headwear then carefully placed it down on the table. 
Its heavy. he stated in wonderment
Yes it is, 2.23 kilos to be exact. Solid gold old chap.
Bane held the crown up to eye level using both his hands and began to gaze in veneration at the glittering jewel-encrusted detail that adorned its solid gold faade. The remarkable diadems design was completely coated with precious stones including sapphires, amethysts, topazes and diamonds. At its base, four crosses patte alternated in design with four fleurs-de-lis, within which a purple velvet cap with ermine border was set. A gold cross set with diamond and ruby gemstones surmounted the whole crown. 
Not bad eh, Charles smirked toward his counterpart. managed to get a warder friend of mine to pinch it from the tower of London yesterday morning before it opened for business, quite chuffed really, because the last person that tried to steal it, the notorious Colonel Blood back in 1671, made a complete arse of it, and he was supposed to be a noted desperado. It only took me one phone call and fifty grand up front, easy pickings.
Charles Frederick noted the look of anticipation etched on his brothers face and, with an outward chuckle of mirth, decided to put him out of his misery. 
What are you waiting for put it on; see how it fits. 
Clayton slowly placed the crown atop his head, and once in situ, dropped his hands with a blissful and contented smile fixed on his face.
So how do I look? 
Like a King Brother, like a King. Frederick assured him.
Bane stood to his feet and spread his arms out as wide as his flabby biceps would allow. 
The King of America! he cried out. All hail the King!
Frederick instantly rose from his seat as if on ceremonial duty and began to slowly applaud him in mock appreciation of his brothers premature  not to mention deluded - ascension. His strategy was working faultlessly, and his lagging and quite frankly intellectually retarded American half-brother was none the wiser to his own particular plans for ultimate world domination. The gullible and easily susceptible stooge was unwittingly playing his role to perfection.
This calls for a celebration Charles. I cannot believe you have actually acquired such a significant piece of the crown jewels, and just for me, Im speechless.
Well, we could not have a new king crowned without it. That would not do at all old boy.
Still adorning the priceless gem-encrusted diadem, Bane retrieved another bottle of exquisite whisky from the collection in his cabinet then retook his seat at the head of the table; swiftly removing the cork, he refilled both of their glasses.
To rightfully reinstated Royalty. he pronounced raising his glass. God bless the King.
God bless the King of America. Charles corrected him.
Both men gulped down their whisky in one swift chug, and with empty glasses slammed back on down on the table, Charles Frederick swiftly moved on.
So Clayton, I trust everything is going to plan at your end? 
Of course it is. Clayton snapped back, removing the crown from his head and replacing it inside the metal case. Everything is all set why wouldnt it be, dont you trust me Charles? 
I trust you implicitly, I was merely enquiring thats all.
Well dont you worry; I have everything under control, just a few loose ends to tie up on our return then we can begin our plans immediately.
Loose ends, what loose ends? asked Charles. 
Not many. he replied calming his tone. The stupid bitch that I entrusted to eradicate the crew of the SS Warrior made a complete balls of her assignment, she failed basically. Not to worry though, I have since found out that, even though the crew are not dead, they are currently being held prisoner within the Whitehouse detention cells.
So you still have a few unwarranted complications to deal with on our return?
Yes I have, but like I said, nothing to worry about.
Good to hear it brother, because I do not want anything to hinder our stateside launch of Operation Reprisal; that being the integral part of the procedure.
Nothing will stop us now brother, nothing. Now can we move on?
Yes lets and sorry Clayton. Charles apologised, I suspect we will just have to learn to trust each other. Even though we have this new found historical bond between us, time and circumstance have kept us apart for almost fifty years, so we do not know much about each other at all.
I guess we dont Charles, but that is all going to change. After all, we only found out that we were related three years ago subsequent to participating in that Give Blood for America campaign, and if those results had never actually been processed, we would still be in the dark regarding our brotherly connections. 
Very true my friend. And what a surprise it was too, I remember that conversation like it was only yesterday. It was the January after you were elected and the day after your inauguration ceremony. I recall that I actually fell out of the bed in astonishment when you informed me of the test results and I was so dumfounded with shock, I actually turfed out a rather warm and soft-fleshed blonde that had been keeping me company. Now what was her name again? Kelly Ann Carol, Ann Candy Ann, nope its gone, anyhoo I digress, regardless to say I was totally stunned.
You were stunned think how I felt. replied Clayton. I was still half asleep and exceptionally hung-over when that call from the blood lab came through, and when the woman on the other end of the line began by saying, Mr President please do not be alarmed but prepare yourself for some shocking news I instantly thought I had the fucking aids or something. Then when she went on to say that the results of the previous days blood tests had shown up complete and conclusive evidence of a bizarre irregularity in my DNA, I thought that was itit had to be the result of a one of my more, shall we say, depraved and seedy conquests on my way to the Presidential office. Let me tell you brother, I had to dip my wick in more than one skanky hole just to get myself in the running, and dont get me started on what I had to do to get elected, even by my standards some of that shit was just downright debauched and brutal; the congressmen were the worst. 
Charles Frederick burst out with laughter at the twisted expression on his brothers face as his sibling mentally reminisced about the merciless rites he was forced to endure all in the name of power. 
Oh poor you, little Mr President had to do it the hard way. mocked his brother, and both men laughed at the sarcastic quip.
So what did she say exactly? Charles went on. I dont mean to alarm you Mr President, but it appears from the blood analysis, that Prime Minister Charles Frederick is actually a blood relative, and whats more, he might actually be your brother?
That was spookily close to her actual words Charles. She went on to inform me that our DNA was almost an exact match and that we absolutely must share the same gene pool somewhere down the line. And when I questioned her again, asking her if she was one-hundred per cent positive about the results, she verified her extraordinary claim by saying that after her initial findings she then took it upon herself to do a more in-depth analysis and also paternity and maternity tests. The results that came back were overwhelming, the paternity test was negative, meaning that we have different fathers, but the maternity test proved to be positive, which meant that we share the same birth mother. The results were an undeniable scientific fact; we were found to be half-brothers through a shared mother.
I was united in astonishment brother; I simply could not believe it was true. Finding out that you have a long lost brother forty-seven years after you were born took some getting used to, not to mention the social and political implications that it might bring to light.
Tell me about it Charles, if that little nugget had got out the media would have had a field day, imagine what they would have said, the new President of America only half American, my political career would have been finished. No, I had not gone through everything that I had, just to let it all slip through my fingers when I had finally hauled my way up to the top of the tree. 
So what exactly did you say to this scientist woman, before you called me with the remarkable news that is?
I asked her if anyone else was aware of the outcome of the tests, she said no one else knew of the results and that she had done it all off her own back. So I thanked her for her time and effort then urged her to keep the findings secret for the moment. I then sent round one of my operatives, little guy nicknamed Cookiebag, to kill her off within the hour. The lab was then torched rendering any remaining evidence to ash, end of. Next I called yourself, informed you of the incredible discovery, then instantly headed out in search for some answers; Three hours later I was standing in the kitchen of my fathers ranch in Iowa not knowing whether to simply confront him with the facts and hope for an honest answer, or to kill him instantly for all the years of lies and deceits about my accurate origins.
What did you choose to do? Charles asked.
Both. Firstly, I ground the truth out of him. He informed me that the woman that had  brought me up from a babe in arms, his wife, was not actually my real mother, and that my maternal mother was an aristocratic British woman that had fallen pregnant by him when he lived for a short time in England. She was apparently married, and to save her from media scandal, he came to an agreement with her that after the baby was born, and in return for a large sum of money, he would be issued with two fake American passports to enable him to take the child back to his American homeland. On his return to the U.S., he registered my birth with the local registrar, telling the woman in charge that I had been born at his home. A few months later he set up his farm, met my mother, and the rest was history. Except he was wrong, its not history is it Brother? Its only the beginning.
Yes, only the beginning, but a moment ago you answered by saying both, what do you mean both?
Oh after I had prised the truth out of him I blew his brains all over the walls of the kitchen using his own shotgun, stupid bastard always did just leave it lying around unguarded.
Nice. And what about your adoptive mother, where is she now?
Dead, the rat catchers yellows, untreated leptospirosis, got to her about ten years back. Poor bitch died the ultimate farmers death. Anyway thats my side of the saga, so what exactly did you do when you found out about our little family secret? Clayton enquired keen to move on.
My actions were very similar to your own. I returned home immediately and went straight to Windsor Hall, the family home, to confront my parents with the newfound facts. Father was not very forthcoming on account of his Alzheimers, but the woman eventually cracked after some physical persuasion and finally came clean. Both stories seem to match up alright. 
She informed me that the year before I was born shed had an affair with a young American agriculturist, who was living and working in the St Albans area. She told me that shed met him at some countryside benefit function that she had been forced to go to while my father was away on business in France. A few months later, she found out she was with child and the rest youre pretty much familiar with already, same story you have told. The really interesting part began to unfold after I questioned her further about our familys depraved and secret history, and thats when I found out about our ancestral links to King George the 3rd, or to be more accurate his second son Prince Frederick the Duke of York.  She started blabbering on about how everything would have been different if we had just managed to keep our royal heritage, and continued to go on and on about how we had been brutally denied the ruling of a Kingdom that was rightfully ours. 
I put this down to her age, she was ninety-two years old at the time, and I simply thought that her delusions of grandeur had merely got the better of her. Later that afternoon, still dismissive of her babblings but at the same time immensely intrigued by what she had said, I descended into the Windsor Hall library vaults and began to sift through the volumes and volumes of our familys genealogical and chronological records. I was still there a day later, spending every waking hour I could, physically and mentally sifting through those seemingly never-ending pages regarding the history of our lineage. 
Then finally, as I was about to give up on my monotonous archival analyses, I stumbled upon something that quite literally traumatized me where I sat, the piece of historical evidence that our stupid old hag of a mother must have been referring to, when she had chattered about being denied our rightful Kingdom. There it was, in black and white, our rightful ancestry to the throne. 
At first I thought that because we shared the same name as the King and his second born, Frederick, that that was about as close to as our family could become to royalty, but as I read more and more about the history of the King and his siblings, it left me in no doubt as to our legitimate connections to the British Royal Family. We are indisputably descended from royalty, there is no question. 
I found out from the script that, King George the 3rds second son, Prince Frederick, was Heir Presumptive to his brother George the 4th and second in line to the throne after his fathers death in 1820. By that time, he was the Commander-in-chief of the British army and was way more popular with the people than his newly crowned elder brother. Tired of his own solitary lifestyle he decided that it was now time to marry and have children of his own. 
Three years after his brothers ascension Frederick finally met a girl by the name of Elizabeth Rutland, and it was this, Elizabeth Rutland, that was the key to our own royal links. According to the texts, she was none other than our great, great, great, great Grandmother; it was all right there in front of me, and all hand written in ascending chronological order right up until I myself was born. Anyway, after meeting in 1824 Frederick and Elizabeth were married at Buckingham Palace, and so became husband and wife. 
Eventually, after a further two years of unproductive marriage, the spring of 1826 brought him the news that he was waiting for; Elizabeth was finally pregnant. Frederick, fancying a break prior to the birth of his first child, arranged for a late December hunting trip into the forests of Prussia and, according to the historical literature, the trip was all going well until the day prior to their return. Then something very strange happened. 
Apparently on the evening before their homecoming Frederick decided to go out hunting alone and, despite some wary objections from the other members of the camp, he grabbed his rifle and disappeared into the surrounding thickets. Seemingly, three hours passed without a single shot being heard, and the remaining hunters, now slightly anxious about their leader, decided to go out and search for him. Just as they entered the dark, wooded undergrowth, a sudden barrage of gunfire broke the night air, instantly followed by a torturous screaming and gurgling sound. The hunters, now in a panic, increased their pace into the forest trying to follow in the direction of the horrendous sound that had just emanated from the tightly branched obscurity. Then suddenly, out of the darkness, Frederick appeared in front of them. He was completely drenched in blood and was babbling senselessly about being attacked by some kind of gaunt-looking She-devil. He then began wittering mindlessly on about being savaged in the neck by her vast protruding fangs, and started to repeat the same outlandish sentence over and over again. The scripture at this point was not too precise, but the sentence appeared to be along the lines of: The Supreme Mothers child has taken my soul, the Supreme Mothers child has taken my soul.
Man he had really lost it then. Clayton butted in
Yes he hadreally lost it my friend. exaggerated Charles.
So what happened to him? 
Well if you let me finish.
Clayton Bane nodded frantically in reply and also in anticipation of the remainder of the legendary tale. Charles resumed with his ancestral account.
After the remaining hunters managed to relocate the delusional Duke back to their camp, they immediately packed up and headed for home. Frederick, entirely oblivious to his current state of mind then apparently fell into a deep coma and had to be physically man handled all the way back to London. Upon his return home his coma regressed, but this only gave way to a new and unparalleled mental psychosis that seemed to thrust him further and further into the bounds of complete insanity. For his own safety, and also the safety of others, he was then locked away within the secure confines of his father-in-laws, the Duke of Rutlands, mansion house in Arlington Street, London. 
Now comes the sticky part, the part that unfortunately ended our accessional links with the royal family altogether.
Charles paused for a moment to refill his glass from the whisky bottle that stood on the table, and then continued.
Elizabeth, desperate to see what had actually become of her husband, pleaded with her father to let her visit him. The Duke of Rutland, although not at all happy with the thought of his heavily pregnant daughter popping in to see a complete madman, reluctantly agreed to her request and gave her permission to enter his locked chambers accompanied by an armed guard. Upon entering, Elizabeth was visually shocked at the mere sight of her husband who was apparently bound to a bed close to a steel barred window. The guard that was with her recalled her slowly moving across the room to stand by his bedside, then in an instant all hell broke loose. Frederick lurched up and out towards his wife with a wild expression of evil burning deep within his eyeseyes that were apparently glowing red as rubies. Elizabeth jumped back in fright and lost her footing, landing her on the floor in the centre of the room. Frederick then reeled up and seethed over at her with what was described as, huge fangs bursting from the seams of his mouth, and then began to heave fiercely against the leather restraint belts that were binding him to the bed. The guard instantly aimed his rifle at Frederick and blurted out some warning or other but this only appeared to spur the manacled lunatic on. 
Within seconds, Frederick had torn free of his restraints and had pounced on top of his terrified wife who was still lying on the floor. At this point the guard shot him in the back but this seemed to have absolutely no effect on the madman as Frederick continued to ravage his wifes heavily pregnant body. The guard ran out into the corridor and screamed out for help, but as he re-entered the room and aimed his rife to take another shot he realised it was too late to save his masters daughters life from the clutches of her deranged husband, she was dead, her throat had been ripped open so violently that all that was left of her neck was the ragged and skeletal tatters of her larynx. The remainder of the guards that were on duty then burst into the room and finally managed to overpower Frederick and restrain him back onto the bed. Elizabeths corpse was then immediately taken to the infirmary, and remarkably only moments later the house nursing staff managed to perform an emergency caesarean section on her lifeless cadaver. 
The child, a baby boy, thankfully survived, and even though he was ultimately given over for adoption, he managed to become a very noted nineteenth century politician. That child was my, sorry our, great, great, great grandfather, and his name was William Augustus Frederick.
Clayton Bane looked over at his brother with a look of complete astonishment. 
Wow he muttered. So what happened to Frederick the madman, the Demon of Dukedom? 
Well according to the official public records he died on the 5th of January 1827 from something called Dropsy, an apparent cardiovascular disease, but according to our own private family records he was actually put to death by the sword, beheaded, and his remains buried in the grounds of St Georges chapel in Windsor.
Anyone else know the truth about Fredericks murderous slaying of his wife or was that all covered up to save royal embarrassment? Clayton asked. 
All covered up of course, the guards were paid off and the public at large were informed that his wife Elizabeth had died during child birth which was not uncommon in those days. Privately though, the whole sordid incident was put down to the attack that Frederick had sustained during his hunting trip to Prussia. The mauling by the She-devil creature was unerringly thought to be responsible for the bizarre change in his being, and as far as the post incident, so-called perceptive individuals were concerned, those that were apparently in the know about matters of the occult, the entire escapade was unreservedly blamed on that frightful attack at the hands of the fanged fiend, the prevailing theory being that Frederick had obviously been inflicted with some sort of demonic curse.
So this She-devil thing was supposedly to blame for us, our family, losing our royal linage? queried Clayton.
Yes brother. Charles replied instantly. My entire train of thought on the matter is, if it wasnt for this so-called fiend, we my friend, would be royalty. Frederick and our deep-rooted grandmother would have had the child and lived together as husband and wife, and when his older brother King George passed away in 1830, leaving no legitimate children behind, Frederick and Elizabeth would have been crowned King and Queen, and that my brother, is something I feel has to be greatly avenged. We were in line for the throne and that thing, that feline demon, or whatever it was, deprived us of that right. Now though, two-hundred years on, its time for us to reclaim what should have been ours epochs ago.
Clayton Bane was, for the first time in his life, completely thunderstruck in response to the speech he had been intently listening to, and it took him a further few moments of contemplation before he was able to form some words of appreciation for his brothers family history lesson.
Awesome, simply freakin awesome! he exclaimed You know thats the first time in the past three years that youve told me the complete story. Youve always just informed me of the basics, the stuff about us being related to royalty, and about how America should have rightfully belonged to us, but that is the first time I have been told the whole background taleits amazing, just amazing, nothing better than good old family revenge.
Family revenge, yes. Charles agreed , Although unfortunately not against that devil-creature thing that destroyed our hopes of becoming descendants to the throne, I would presume that that particular malevolent and hoary witch, or vampire for want of a better description, will be long departed by now, but revenge for the injustice that she brought upon our family, which resulted in our failure to reclaim a country that was rightfully ours to begin with, we didnt just govern America Clayton, we owned it, and if Frederick had survived he would have made damn sure that America would have been reclaimed under the rule of the British empire.
Clayton Bane scoured his brain in a vain attempt to remember what his brother had, on previous occasions, told him about their descendants plans for America, he knew that they planned to once more invade the country in an attempt to reclaim the land that they had lost during the war of independence but for the life of him he could not remember anything about the stratagems involved.
Hey Charles, remind me again about Fredericks motives, something about his father? 
Charles Frederick glared over at his counterpart with arrogant contempt towards his forgetfulness, he must have told him this part of the tale ten times already, after all, it was the whole crux of their plans for revenge, and decided that this would be the last time he would kowtow to his brothers American witlessness.
As I have explained before, and on more than one occasion dear brother, the Dukes plans were quite straight forward. Being a warmonger at heart, he was thoroughly embarrassed by his fathers rather lackadaisical attitude towards being usurped in the war of independence and took fanatical umbrage to the fact that his father was famously known as the King who lost America. A clear statement of evidence regarding his feelings on the matter was subsequently found after his death inscribed in a secret journal that he had kept under lock and key in his writing bureau. Once he had settled down with his new family, he planned, as his first duty back at work so to speak, to initiate the British crowns offensive charge to claim back what he thought was rightfully ours; the land known as America. Starting his hostilities with the historical first thirteen original breakaway states, he would then move his armys on and gain control of the remainder states one by one, finally leading to the wholly dominant reclamation of the entire country, and placing every one of its citizens back under the govern of the British Empire. 
So were basically going to revive his legacy? Clayton interjected.
Well thats the plan brother. In revengeful memory for our long lost grandmother and her one and only love, Frederick Duke of York, we will rekindle the ashes of his old campaign and finally bring to fruition his plans for The Kingdom of America. And in return for all our hard work, we my brother, will be instated as the new American royal family and shall govern the new land without fear of reprisal; you can oust a President from office by a single vote, but only the cold hand of death can remove a king from the throne.
Clayton Bane breathed a sigh of relief now that his brother had once again reminded him of the history behind their plans, he always knew what they were getting themselves into he just wanted to be clear about the authentic whys and wherefores. Now that the lecture was over, a flood of exhilaration once again rushed through his system, and with almost three years of planning behind them, he could not wait to get on with the real business at hand, and to begin the operation in earnest.
And thats the history behind Operation Reprisal. Clayton acknowledged.  
The entire reasoning in its sublime glory. affirmed his brother. To rid America of its fetish with presidency, and reinstate the monarchy with our own elected Prime Minister in our own specially elected parliament, we are not communists my friend, tyrants or dictators, we are simply modern world revolutionaries forging ahead with a new world order.  
Clayton Bane smiled across the table at his cohort.
And of course all that ready currency in gemstones will continue to come in handy for the funding. he quipped.
Charles grinned back wryly. 
Without that initial capital it would have been impossible to  bring our dream to the point that its at right now and thanks to your good self, your old geologist friend and the lunar mining facility we now have enough collateral to fund the entire process, with plenty of ruby stock left to spare.
Still tons of the red-glass stashed in Fort Knox. Clayton beamed. And no trace of the mine left whatsoever.
Only a trace of the individuals that were on the mission to destroy it, after youre real mineworkers that is, never reported back. 
I told you Charles, they will be dealt with on our return, I will see to that personally.
Just tugging your tosser old bean. laughed Charles.
Bastard, not funny old bean Clayton jibbed back. 
Sorry just a little English humour. So whats first on the agenda once were back at the Whitehouse? 
Well after I have taken care of my little problem I had fancied a little more retribution, only this time against my fellow politicians.
What kind of retribution?
Oh that would ruin the surprise brother. Lets just say youre not the only one capable of organising a test case.
Charles smiled and nodded his head. I take it everything else is in place?   
Yes, all set. You can trust in your old brother Charles.
Clayton knew everything was in place on the American side. At carefully selected airfields, all across the U.S., fighter planes and their handsomely paid mercenary pilots currently sat ready to launch their stealthy jets into the air when given the nod, and to ultimately discharge their deadly viral quarry over all the major cities of the country. America would be taken by force and there would be absolutely nothing any army general or any member of congress could do to avoid the oncoming viral onslaught. Nigh on three years of meticulous planning would make sure that their operation would be successful. And once initiated, and the cities infected, the antidote could then be used to bring all diseased areas back under the new imperial control,  their new King would also be their saviour, and if some folks still didnt like it, they would not receive the vital recovery treatment. It was a perfect plan, totally insane and vastly beyond ethical boundaries, but perfect. And the genius of using the CATTS v9 virus to treat the land was that no other country in the entire world would be able to come to Americas aid during the revolution process; no one else had access to the antidote. Claytons mind was still sifting through its ponderings when Charles cleared his throat in an attempt to snap his brother out from his daydream.
You still with me old boy? he asked
Yeh, yeh, just lost in thought. Now whats say we finish this nectar and grab a little shut eye? 
Sounds good to me. Replied Charles.
*
Chapter 22
Air Force One, Over the Atlantic Ocean
Unlike his brother Clayton, Charles Frederick could not settle down into sleep. His mind remained active as he himself ran through the plans that he and his brother had meticulously deliberated over for the past three years. He was agitated to say the least and finally, after continually checking his watch every twenty minutes, the small hand on the dial eventually clicked onto the six oclock position. It was time to make the call. Leaving his counterpart sleeping soundly in his chair, Charles left the boardroom and made his way out into the main cabin of the plane. He remembered noticing earlier on, while en-route to the boardroom, there had been a bank of Presidential staff workstations off to the opposite side of the forward exit; he would make his call from there. Upon reaching the area, Charles took a seat behind one of the desks, picked up a telephone receiver and immediately dialled RAF High Wycombe. The call was answered within a few seconds, then after asking to be put through to the directors office over in the S.M.A.S building, his call was picked up by his old friend Lieutenant Colonel Hubert Montagu-Scott.
Hello.
Hubert, Charles. 
Charles, everything okay?
All has gone to plan old fellow and Im presently only four hours out from Washington, D.C. Just calling to confirm all systems are go for the test case to begin at 8.00 a.m.
Righty Oh old chum wont let you down.
The thought never crossed my mind Hubert.
Of course not old bean, of course not, well best of British and hope to see you someday soon eh.Need to gather a few fillys together and make a right old regal celebration of your new royal status.
Sounds mighty spiffing, and good luck to you too.
LUCK Charles, did you say LUCK! Hubert spurted churlishly. You of all people should know that LUCK is what the working classes pitifully believe will help them win the lottery, so called LUCK my friend has no place in modern warfare, never has by God and never will.
Sorry Hubert just a turn of phrase pumpkin meant no offence.
None took old boy. Just do not like the word.
Well Ill look forward to watching the nine a.m. news thenso ta-ta for now.
Tally Ho Charles. replied Hubert. 
Charles Frederick returned to the boardroom, retook his seat, and closed his eyes. With only two hours left until Operation Reprisal rehearsals begin, he closed his eyes, and for the first time in months, he began to relax dreaming of the veracity of the history that was in the making, his making. With his brother still fast asleep in the chair opposite he took solace in knowing that his affectionate stooge, once slain by his own hand, would bring him, Charles Frederick, the crown that he so desired and when all was said and done, he, Charles Frederick would be the rightful King of America.
*
Two hours later Charles Frederick awoke with a start and instantly checked the time on his watch; it was now 8.08 a.m. BST; the test case should have already begun. Lurching up from his seat and leaning over to wake the still sleeping Clayton Bane, he knew he had to find a television immediately and tune into a London based news channel; he did not want to miss a single iota of the unfolding drama. 
Clayton its almost ten past eight, time to switch on the TV. He hollered excitedly and directly into the drowsy face of his rousing brother. 
What already, cant be, can it?
Charles was in no mood for messing about and needed to get to a TV and fast.
TV Clayton, where is the TV? he blurted back.
Alrightehits over there inside that cabinet, the one attached to the wall. Clayton answered hazily, pointing to a large dark wood structure attached to the far wall of the boardroom.
How do you switch the bloody thing on? Charles asked, immediately leaving the desk and striding over towards the thing which he thought looked like nothing more than a wall cupboard.
Just open the doors and press the remote, dont you have TVs in England?
Charles pulled open the front doors, and sure enough, inside was a large flat-screen television with a remote control siting tucked in at its side, lifting it out he instantly pressed the red activation button with a barely controllable and shaking index finger. The television illuminated into life and after a few seconds of some American babbling on about sports, Charles realised that the TV was not tuned into any of the news channels.
News channels Clayton, what numbers are the news channels? he yelled across the room.
Jeez, I think they start at one O one, try one O one.
Charles pressed the digits into the small black control and sure enough seconds later he was on a news channel, an American news channel. He then began to flick up the stations until he found what he was looking for; The London Newscast Network  LNN. At first glance, the images on the screen appeared to be rather reflective and hazy, and Charles for the life of him could not make out a single feature, it then became apparent why; the network was filming from inside their main office building with cameras situated behind a large glass frontage. As he adjusted his eyes to the out-of-focus picture that confronted him, a flicker of recognition about what he was currently witnessing twisted through his excited mind. He now gaped in awe at the dank and cloudy level of red misty residue that appeared to be consuming the London skyline, and as the smog cleared then re-thickened again in wave after wave of toxic pluming vapour he could just make out the towering vista of Canary Wharf in the background. At this point there appeared to be no live commentary coming from the LNN transmission, only pictures, but as the internal cameras suddenly panned down to ground level, it became apparent that there was indeed a news broadcaster present behind the portrayed hell that the world was now witnessing. As the cameras slowly closed in on the mass populace that occupied the streets below, it became obvious that the LNN anchor-man was in a complete state of shock, and blurting out incoherent and mindless ravings about what he thought he was witnessing. At first the narrator was utterly clueless as to the strange phenomenon unfolding in his city and was putting it down to just some sort of descending and low lying dense fog, but now as the commuters on the ground were starting do drop to their knees and fall limp and lifeless onto the pavements and road crossings, it was obvious that this fog was something altogether more sinister, and most probably some sort of terrorist gas attack. The television cameras continued to switch between, scanning the people collapsing onto the ground and, casting a watchful eye over the obscure and now ornately magma shaded sky for any clues as to the origin of what they were beholding. Charles smiled to himself at the London Newscast Network anchor-mans dull-witted commentary of ignorance surrounding the situation that was presently being captured on film before his very eyes, because only he Charles Frederick, and a very few select others, knew exactly what was in the making; and that was history, new world history. Charles glanced over at his brother with a look of immense satisfaction etched upon his face.
It looks like your scientist man has managed to conjure up a very assiduous bioweapon there. 
Clayton Bane stared at the screen, and as he looked at the live pictures being broadcast from London, he couldnt help himself from thinking about his wife and daughter. Somewhere in the midst of that horrendous magma coloured veil of CATTS v9 contagion they would be desperately trying to breathe in some pure air in the vain attempt to prolong their pitiful survival. This made him smile, and the thought of those two bitches suffering a fate worse than death almost gave him a hard on.
Shame. He muttered aloud.
Shame about what? Charles asked vaguely, his eyes immovable from the devastation in front of him.
Shame about my family having to die in such a horrific way. 
Charles turned towards his brother with a wide smirk forming on his lips and once he had made eye contact could not help but laugh out loud at his associates foul wit.
You my friend are sick in the head he laughed. 
Me, Im sick, what about you and your infected family with their fancy imperial connections, they will all be dead as well wont they?
Why yes they will, thats all part of the plan Charles responded calmly. For in less than an hours time, we brother, will be the only British monarchy remaining on the planet. We will start afresh in America, and then perhaps in time, after everything in the new country is running like clockwork, we will rekindle our old family ties back in our native city of London. 
More than contented with what he had witnessed so far, Charles Frederick switched off the TV and retook his seat next to his brother at the head of the boardroom table, and as both shared a mutual beam of achievement, Charles once more checked the time on his watch; it was now 8.30.a.m BST and appreciated it was now time to revert to U.S. time.
Sorry old chum but Im still on UK time, you got your local time? he asked
Bane checked his own watch, which was still on U.S. time.
Three-thirty a.m. Washington time, were due to land at five.
Just enough time for forty winks then. Charles declared then closed his eyes. 
Yeh suppose so. agreed Clayton, who was now shaking his head in awe at the cold-hearted pitilessness of his English sibling towards the devastation that he had just witnessed. To be able to sleep after watching some far off worldly disaster unfold on the television news and not giving a damn about it one way or another was something that all politicians became attune to, but to behold your very own city, the city where you grew up, reduced to a gaseous vision of hell was something else altogether. Up until this point he knew that the man sitting beside him was definitely related by blood and came from the same old school stock, but now he knew, without any doubt in his mind, that he and his new found brother, were undoubtedly linked not just maternally, but on an altogether higher plain, like God himself had brought them together to avenge what was rightfully theirs. Following his brothers example, he closed his eyes. And a few moments later had drifted off into light slumber. 
*
Captain Jon Mathen did not bother with the usual habitual landing procedure of lecturing his passengers about their imminent touchdown this time around, as he knew that his only two remaining passengers on-board were fast asleep and he did not want to disturb them. Dead on time at 5.00 a.m., he brought Air Force One into land at Washington Dulles International Airport, and after taxing to a halt only a few feet away from the waiting Presidential limo, he switched off the engines and released his own restraints. Turning towards his co-pilot, he smiled at him with an authority that only a pilot in his position could.
Say Terry, I think its your turn to wake up the old man up.
Terry Charrais, eyeing up his superior officer with an amusing but spiteful look, responded in kind.
Yeh right, watch me.
*
Orlando, Florida, 5.00a.m. Saturday August 8th
Ivana Vasilyevich and Alexia Valentine had arrived back at the lakeside mansion in Isleworth, Windermere at 4.00 a.m. Once inside, both had completely stripped of their soiled and blood soaked hunting attire, then immediately headed for Alexias bedroom to lie down and rest before it was time for them to unite their powers of intuition and make another attempt to hone in on the exact location of the elusive kindred being that had previously evaded their weakened efforts. One hour later, Ivana, feeling rejuvenated and back to her sorcerous and influential self, decided that the time was now upon them to initiate their conjoined powers of thought transference. Reaching over her calm and quiescent fledglings relaxed and naked form she gently raised her head up from the pillow so that her sisters eyes, upon wakening, would immediately meet with her own. Alexia, sensing the awareness of her sires actions, opened her eyes instantaneously.
The time has come. Ivana whispered deep into Alexias stare.
Yes. Came her perceptive reply.
Both women positioned themselves in a basket legged sitting position directly across from one another and joined hands, firstly palm to palm, then instinctively clasping their fingers together. Eyes were now closed.
Bring forward the vision of our new blood. Ivana commanded. Let us behold the image of new kindred so that we may see to whom we are now allied.
Within seconds of the request an intense and jointly beheld visualisation began to form within their intertwined minds resulting in both women witnessing exactly the same illuminating phenomenon. What began to unfold was the depiction of a man. This man was in his naked form, like them, but was not in a place of comfort or solace; he was in a dwelling of torturous and vindictive aggravation, and shackled to a slab in the centre of a darkened room. All around him the implements of pain and torment clung to the walls with a menacing malevolence. There was a mirror in this room, a mirror in which he could still see the vague outline of his reflectiona reflection that was fading away into the ether of the changethe time of his full becoming. Something else reflected from the mirror, something that was emblazoned on the floor of the chamber; it was an insignia, the Presidential insignia and official Seal of the President. This chamber was inside the Whitehouse, and no doubt the notorious interrogation cell that lurks down beneath the lower parts of the most famous building in America. Location now confirmed, the male forms facial features began to slowly illuminate, and finally for the first time within their united and conjoined minds, the true actuality of their new blood kindred was revealed. Ivana gasped in astonishment at the revelation as she immediately recognised the appearance of the man that lay bound and trapped before her within the disclosures of her visionary cognizance; for this man, was supposed to be a dead-mandead and gone just like her beloved Yuri.  But this man was alive and her elder intuition was never misplaced when at its height of perceptiveness. She had killed this man by her own hand but now here he was, thriving, and in front of her, and allied to her through the blood of the Supreme Mother, and kindred to the linage of Nyrbtor. It was impossible, but true, there was no mistaking it, the man on the slab was the one and only Commander Elias Penchansky. With the quixotic revelation at its climax both women broke free from their hold, and as Alexia sat back still staring into the eyes of her sire she had only one thought in her mind.
Thats the man that slayed Yuri, the man that you thought you had killed.
II had no idea that he was kindred, Yuri must have somehow 
Gotten to him?
Yes.
Alexia, sensitive to her sires confusion, worded her next avowal with an attuned tactfulness.
You did not know that he was becoming one of our kindand should feel no guilt sire.
Guilt my fledgling is a mortal emotion. And not a sentiment associated with our ancestry. Never have I felt what the human vessels call guilt. What I have done throughout the centurys I continue to do to this day. I have never slain any anthropoid that at the time did not deserve it, whether in an act of self-defence, for the sake of my own deliverance, or against a hateful wrongdoing that had to be avenged.
With that thought burning deep within her mind,
Ivana knew what she had to do now; she had to help her kin. It was something that was profoundly instilled within her bloodline.
Thats enough talk for now my childe; we need to leave for Washington, D.C. immediately. Our new blood is in need of assistance. 
*
Chapter 23
The Whitehouse, Saturday August 8th
Clayton Bane and Charles Frederick stepped out from the limo directly in front of the main, rear entrance, to the Whitehouse. Once out Clayton gestured to one of the waiting aides to retrieve the silver metal attach case containing the crown from inside the rear of the car and to hand it over to his brother. Both men now entered the building, accompanied by two more aides, and after a few more yards came to a halt in front of the waiting Chief of Staff, Harvey Brewster. 
I trust you had a pleasant flight Mr President? Brewster enquired.
Excellent flight Harvey let me introduce you to Prime Minister Charles Frederick.
Charles and Harvey shook hands and shared a knowing look of satisfaction that finally after all these years of secretive planning Operation Reprisal was finally going to begin in earnest.
Wheres Mitch Donald? Bane asked scanning his eyes along the corridor.
Senior Adviser Donald is waiting for you in the oval office Mr President. Harvey replied.
Great, lets go then.
Clayton Bane dismissed the aides and the three men walked through the maze of corridors until finally they entered the famous Presidential office. Once inside, Senior Advisor Mitch Donald was found to be resting with his feet up on the arm section of a leather sofa positioned behind Banes desk. 
Now, for the first time ever, all four key coordinators of Operation Reprisal were in the same room together, and even though they all knew who was who, Bane instinctively introduced his brother to Mitch before all four sat down around the Presidential desk. 
Right lets switch on the TV news and see how our test case is working out. Bane announced, and then grabbed the remote control from inside his desk drawer. A moment later, after flicking through numerous sports channels, he found the Washington News Channel  WNC  and turned up the volume. The picture that flashed onto screen was something reminiscent of an ethnic cleansing warzone but without the presence of army soldiers on the ground. Hundreds upon thousands of people now appeared to be lying dead on the streets. WNC must have been using a similar tact as the London News Network because every moment or two the cameras would reflect themselves in the glass screen that they were clearly having to film behind, but unlike the LNN broadcast there was no commentary coming from the displayed pictures and the cameras appeared to be on some sort of remote setting because they were filming one section of the street, then flicking to the magma coloured haze above, then switching back to the street view again.
Holy shit theyre all dead! Brewster shrieked.
Well that is the point. Charles Frederick pointed out, It would hardly do if they were only sleeping now.
Frederick checked the time on his watch and realised that even though it had been over four hours since the virus had been released, the London skyline was still heavily veiled in a thick mist of CATTS v9.
Good stuff that concoction of yours. he declared cheerfully, Gone four hours now and London still looks like a veritable pea-soup; excellent saturation effect.
Clayton Bane took that as his cue to switch of the TV and to move on to more pressing matters, with the test case a complete success, that part of the operation was over for the moment, and he was anxious to get on with the American side of things. It was now 8.00 a.m. 
Okay folks think weve seen enough to realise that the virus has had the desired effect, time to get on with it. Mitch, Harvey, I need you to get together as many members of the House of Representatives as you possibly can and get them over to Capitol Hill ASAP. 
I know its a big task but we really need to assemble an overall majority so they can decide what our country should do to defend ourselves from an imminent terrorist attack. Im sure that they have all seen the pictures coming out of London by now, so tell them that if they have any regard for the lives of the citizens, those that pay their wages, they better do their utmost to get here before 3.00 p.m.; thats seven hours time people. 
Both men looked stunned by the Presidents orders; he had never mentioned this intrinsic detail before.
EhArent we the terrorists in this case? Squawked a confused Mitch Donald before the frantic Chief of Staff butted in.
Why the hell do you want a meeting of the House, what about our plans? Harvey protested furiously.
Dont worry about our plans Mr Brewster, Bane assured his COS. Our plans will go ahead as arranged, and as you know you will be paid handsomely for your compliance. I simply want a little retribution against the so-called alliance of politicians that have represented our countrys interests over that last four years of my tenure, just a little amusement for a King in waiting. So please do not worry about our plans, our campaign will go ahead on track and without delay. The bombs will drop and the revolution will begin 
And what about the antidote? Mitch inquired How soon after the virus has been released will the people get their cure? 
Are you developing a conscience Mr Donald? Bane asked curtly, You know fine well that that all depends on how the voting goes doesnt it. After the release of the virus, and once I have made my public address on television informing the good citizens of the country about my revolutionary intentions, it will then be up to the American people to determine their own fate. The quicker they get their online votes in; providing they vote the correct way that is, the sooner the antidote will be dispersed over their city.
Clayton Bane stood up from behind his desk, glowered down menacingly at his two employees, and slammed his hands down onto the desk.
Now if thats the grilling over with, get to work! 
Senior Advisor and Chief of Staff obediently left to begin their people gathering remits.
And what about you my younger brother, you fancy accompanying me to take care of my little left over problems that you so graciously kept reminding me about, or would you prefer to rest up for an hour or so before our politician folks start arriving for their briefing?
Frederick gave his brother a wry smile.
Might give the torturous slaughter a bye for the moment old boy, dont think Ive got the stomach for it at the mo., perhaps after I have a nice cup of tea and a lie down I might be more in the mood.
Bane laughed aloud. You Brits and your tea whats that all about? Never mind, your loss.
Got somewhere nearby I can lay my head down? Charles asked.
Come on brother its me, Clayton Bane, I got more beds in this place than a Nevada whorehouse. Ill get my personal secretary Lucy to escort you to the closest apartment, and if you fancy more than a cuppa, thats what you English say aint it, a cuppa, Im sure she will be more than willing to take one for the teamif you know what I mean.
The tea and a rest will do for now thanks Clayton.
Right well Ill leave you to it. But first I better put that crown case someplace secure, dont want to leave something like that just lying around.
Clayton Bane lifted the silver attach case from his brothers side then locked it away inside the oval office safe. He then strolled back to his desk and pushed the intercom button on the phone to summon his secretary Lucy McLean into the office. After introducing her to Charles, he left them both to fend for themselves. Once the door closed behind him, the all-consuming exhilaration of revenge became first and foremost in his mind.
*
Leaving the official corridors of power behind him, Clayton Bane made his way down the clandestine internal stairwell that leads to the prison cell area situated in the underground level of the Whitehouse basement complex. At the bottom, subsequent to pressing his thumb onto the fingerprint analysis access panel, he opened the heavy steel door to reveal a row of three incarceration cubicles on either side of the corridors white-tiled walls. A shiver of anticipation surged through his system as the aroma of bleach and disinfectant solution began to overwhelm his senses as he walked towards the small security office at the end of the corridor. To him, the smell was the cleansing scent of post-vengeance victory, but to most others though, the infidels that usually frequent this area of torture and depravation, it was the departing fragrance of existence. Coming to a stop at the security station he rapped his knuckles on the glass frontage that overlooked the entire passageway and an instant later was confronted by two of his best men glaring back at him.
Mr President youre back. the smaller of the two noted stating the obvious.
Yes Cookiebag Im back and I believe you have some detainees in residence?
Yes boss, four in cell six and one in cell five. confirmed the bigger of the two men.
The four do not concern me at the moment; its the single one Im interested in.
You want us to come in and help with the final de-briefing? Cookiebag asked with a glint of malevolence in his eyes.
Sorry Lokepa, this is something I would like to do on my own. But you and Blue-eyes can have a little fun with the other four while Im in with Elias. You deserve it. 
Thank you sir. Cookiebag smiled. Allow me unlock the door for you.
The small man exited the security office and walked over to the nearest door on the right side, removed his key card then swiped it in the lock, and as the door clicked open and Bane entered the room, motion sensors underneath the floor triggered off the lighting system and swathed the entire chamber with a blinding florescent light. In front of him there he was, his old comrade, Commander Elias Penchansky, alive, still breathing, and strapped down naked to an interrogation slab in the centre of the room; the recovery boys had done good. Behind him the door to the chamber closed shut with a loud click, but Bane, completely consumed with eyeing up the implements of torture attached to the wall on his right side, failed to realise that he was now locked in, and in complete isolation, with his old enemy. Moving his gaze towards his troublesome  and apparently slumbering  adversary he walked over to the top of the slab to get an up-close look at him. Gazing down upon his relaxed appearance another twinge of anticipation rushed through him; he was going to enjoy this, take it slow and steady, and make sure that the person before him spent his last hour on Earth enduring the most horrendous suffering ever known to mankind. With that thought still lingering within his mind, and a widening grin forming on his lips, he raised his right fist up into the air then hammered it down against his sleeping targets cheekbone. It had the desired effect. Elias opened his eyes and stared up at his assailant, instantly recognising the fat facial features that hovered overhead.
Sorry Elias did I wake you? Bane sneered down from above.
The Commander gave no reply.
Never were a morning person Penchansky were you? Not to worry though Ive got a little something that might just help you come around.
Clayton Bane ambled over to the instruments of torment wall, selected what he thought looked to be a nice pair of stainless steel surgical pliers and then garbed himself in one of the nearby green plastic mortuary gowns that hung from an a adjacent stand. He then strolled back to his intended victims entrapment.
Now where shall we start? He pondered aloud. Oh, Oh, Oh, I know, well start with the.
Deliberately stopping mid-sentence he looked the Commanders naked form up and down in pretence as to where he might begin his torment.
Genitals! he hollered. Yes the genitals, thats got to be the best place to start, now dont flinch or this might hurt a little.
Bane lowered the pliers down towards Elias groin area and slowly turned his vision back to the Commanders eyes.
Nah maybe not, youd probably enjoy that wouldnt you Elias, you always were a freakin sicko not like me Im not into that kind of filth at all. Nah lets starts somewhere else, somewhere that you wont get off on.
I know, an old favourite of mine, the eyelids, yes, lets see if we can remove the eyelids.
Bane slowly moved the surgical pliers towards Penchanskys face coming to a stop with the shining implement hovering just above his brow. Sluggishly pulling the tool open he grasped the top section of the Commanders soft and wrinkled eyelid and began to pull gently outwards. Elias did not flinch. 
Unhappy with the lack of response coming from his prisoner, Bane released the grip on his flesh and dropped the pliers onto the floor.
Now thats not the reaction I was hoping for Elias. You know youre not as tough as you think you are, I will kill you, I will, but I want you to beg me for your life first, its no fun if theres no hysteria. Now play along.
Elias gave no response, just continued to stare into his antagonists eyes.
Okay have it your way we will just have to go down a different route is all.
Bane walked back over to the wall of torture implements and, after perusing what was on offer, returned to the slab with a medium sized, curved ended tonsil knife.
Ever had your tonsils out Commander? he laughed. I have, you usually get ice-cream when its over. I dont think we have any ice-cream though sorry, but we do have bleach, maybe a soothing gargle will have the same cooling effect.
In a flash Bane had seized Penchanskys chin using his left hand with the intention of jamming the knife in his right hand into his targets oesophagus, but what he saw when he forced his victims mouth wide open instantly stopped him in his tracks. Fangs, Elias had fangs, top and bottom huge bastard fangs. The implausible sight took him aback and he instinctively reeled backwards with astonishment. Expecting the sensation of his body to remove itself from the side of the slab, he was even more taken aback when he found that he was moving forwards and collapsing on top of his tethered victim. In an instant, he realised that Elias had somehow gotten a grip of his right arm and had forcefully pulled his bulk over on top of where he lay. 
You are the one, who shall die, Elias breathed into his crumpled assailants ear. You!
Bane, in a blind panic, managed to use his bulk to struggle free from the Commanders grip, and once he had regained his composure, began to laugh.
Elias, what the hell has happened to you, are you pretending to be a vampire now? You know even though I have always hated you I always had a tiny amount of respect for what you have achieved in your life, but this, this takes the biscuit. I mean what are you thinking, did you seriously think that I would fall for such a stupid high school prank, a vampire come-on. 
Bane adjusted his plastic gown and strolled back over to the torture wall.
Well at least youve given me an intuitive idea for finally getting rid of you. he muttered.
Picking out a large silver spike from the wall he once more walked back over to the slab.
Stake through the heart, thats how you kill a real vampire aint it, well aint it? 
Raising the silver spike above his head he was just about to bring it down when the cubical door swung open giving him a start; Lokepa Kamaka was standing in the doorway.
Sorry to disturb you sir but we have a situation upstairs.
What type of situation Cookiebag, Im kinda busy here?
Yes sir, sorry sir, but it concerns Prime Minister Frederick and your secretary Ms Lever.
Clayton Bane dropped the steel spike onto the floor and moved towards the doorway.
Whats the problem? He snapped.
Its Frederickhes wellkilled her. 
Dirty bastard, I knew he was after more than tea.
What?
Nothing, okay Ill go up and deal with it, you and your buddy keep an eye on the prisoner until I get back.
No problem sir, can we have a little playtime? Lokepa asked, the look of malevolence returning to his eyes.
Bane gazed down at the smallest agent assigned to his secret service team and could not help but admire the little mans gusto for cruelty.
Yeh go on, but DONT kill him, understand.
Understood Mr President, just a little fun.
Elias watched in silence as Clayton Bane left the room accompanied by the midget and hoped that this little unforeseen circumstance in the Presidents schedule would work to his advantage. After having been crudely roused by the bulbous fist of his old enemy he could now feel sensation all over his body; he was completely back to normal. If the midget had not interrupted proceedings when he had, Elias knew that what was about to follow was not going to be pleasant. With the ability to move his arms and legs, which had returned to normality, he tried once again to fight the shackles that bound him to the torture slab, only this time, when he strained with all his might, there was a definite slackening sensation and the feeling that if he just had the time, his release would be fairly imminent. Pulling upwards he heard the stretching sound of his restraints beginning to weaken and when he released the pressure, found that he could now move his hands onto his ribcage; a few more vigorous efforts and his arms would be free. Unfortunately for Elias, just as he was about to initiate his next release manoeuvre, the door to the chamber swung open and two of Banes cohorts entered the room; Lokepa the midget being one of them, the other was a taller man with his face hidden behind a surgical mask. Moving over towards the implement wall, both garbed themselves in the nearby green plastic mortuary gowns  Elias noting that the midgets must have been made to order - then casually strolled over to the slab. Up close, the small mans head was a perfect height to his own, and Elias wondered to himself what exactly this little person could do to harm him; he was tiny, puny and weak looking; he was a fucking midget. 
So Penchansky, we meet for a third time.
Elias, too busy staring at the little man beside him, suddenly realised that it was the taller one that had just spoken. 
Not saying much are we? Perhaps I can help with that. 
Elias now averted his attention to the masked man standing beside the midget, and when their eyes finally made contact, a shiver of recognition coursed through his veins as he instantly recognised the steely stare shining back at him; the man before him was none other than Blue eyes.
Remember me now Elias?
Elias could not fail to recall those glaring eyes, and immediately identified this man as the one that had shanghaied him and his crew from the police station in Florida. Blue eyes replaced the small mans figure directly beside the interrogation slab with his own malevolent presence; slowly he leaned over and, staring deep into the Commanders vision, gradually removed his surgical facemask.
How about now, any names or places come to mind, perhaps Mallorca 1994?
Elias could now put a name to the face before him, and Blue eyes reading the glint of recognition that had manifested itself within the Commanders mind, took great delight in affirming his verification. 
Thats right Mr Penchansky, Command Master Chief Jimi, The Hitman, Hope at your service, one of the two men that you left on the Palma harbour docks, abandoned and alone, to face the naval music. 
Only I was the only one to stand for court-martial because of what happened that night, the other miscreant, Dan Lyons, slimly little weasel, got away with it. And because of your slipshod and negligent incapability to do your job properly I was discharged from the navy. 
Thankfully your partner that day, a man with a fighting conscience, was able to pull a few strings once I got home and managed to get me a position within the U.S. Secret Service Counter Assault Team. Never has a day gone by that I dont think about how much I hate you Elias, you ruined my military career and everything that I had ever worked for my whole life you neglectful piece of shit, and now Im going to aid my old friend Clayton Bane, in ruining yours 
A low humming sound, similar to a low frequency static filled wireless communication system, began to emanate from behind where Jimi the Hitman was standing, and as Elias shifted his gaze to comprehend where it was coming from, he noticed that, while he had been engrossed with what Jimi had been recounting, the midget had wheeled out and plugged in some sort of retro-looking electrical contraption from a storage cabinet behind his head. To Elias, on first glance, it appeared to be a very crude device, merely a small brown box with a few wires attached, but when the midget trundled the contraption over beside the slab he comprehended exactly what the apparatus was; it was the notorious Picana wand. He could now see that the brown box on the trolley incorporated a transformer connected to the mains wall socket and inside its rather robust but trivial looking wooden casing laid the heart of its workings. Among the combination of harmless looking colourful wires lay an adjustable rheostat control to increase or decrease the voltage output which was connected to the actual bronze tipped Picana rod itself. The beauty  if beauty was the right word - of this oldie worldly device, Elias knew, was that its high voltage output meant that the jolts that stemmed through the tip of the wand were more than ample to cripple someone for life, but the low current that it gave off meant that the victim was less likely to die instantly, enabling a longer and more in-depth torture session.
Dont you just love the scent of a summer morning barbeque Elias? Jimi beamed. I know I do. 
A split second later Lokepa the dwarf threw a large glass beaker of cold water over Penchanskys body then let out a small giggle of delight.
Ill work the rheostat first while you do a little genital prodding. the dwarf declared excitedly, Then after a minute or so well swap over. 
Sounds good to me my little comrade. Jimi replied.
Elias took a deep breath and with all his might pulled against the restraints that bound him to the slab, and once more they released a little more slack; a few more attempts should be enough. But Elias realised he would not be free before his tormentors had at least had a little fun, because Lokepa had already turned up the machine, and Jimi the Hitman was now leaning over his naked form with the bronzed tip of the Picana wand only inches away from his genitalia. He braced himself for the pain, gritted his teeth, and again pulled hard against his bindings; again they slackened but it was too late to stop the torture. With an ear-to-ear grin etched upon his face, Jimi the Hitman thrust the electrically charged rod true and firm directly into Penchanskys groin area and held it firm until the smell of scorching flesh filled the room. Penchanskys entire body jolted upwards with the torturous shockwave that he had just received, but to his disbelief, he had met with no pain or anguish. The distinct lack of a verbal response immediately alerted his tormentors that something was not right, and as Jimi removed the Picana wand to assess if it had inflicted any damage, he was confused to see that it had; it had permanently scorched the exact area that the rod had been thrust against, but yet his victim, had not even let out a whimper of agony.
This thing plugged in right? he asked his small counterpart.
Course it is, maybe he just enjoyed its relaxing tickle.
Turn it up to full; Ill try the nipples this time.
Lokepa turned the rheostat control up to its maximum setting then gave Jimi the nod.
Okay Elias lets see if we get a better reaction this time. Jimi placed the tip of the rod an inch above Penchanskys left nipple and held it steady to judge its mental effect. His target did not stir.
Have it your way. he laughed down into his targets eyes, instantly jamming the Picana rod against his chest. 
Penchanskys body spasmed again followed by the accompanying heavy odour of burning flesh only this time there appeared to be actual smoke emanating from his person. Before the Commanders very eyes the smoke began to thicken and then swirl and then rise in a dense vapour upwards toward the ceiling of the chamber. A firestorm of flames burst out from his chest in a numinous torrent of incandescent and phantasmal light and in an instant, his naked torso was wholly engulfed within in its blaze. Beside where he lay he could vaguely hear the cursing disbelief of his tormentors arguing between themselves, the smaller of the two blaming the taller for the outcome of their torturous actions. No longer bound by his shackles he rose from the slab and watched in awe as the raging inferno completely engulf his entire form; although materially and bodily on fire, he was wholly devoid of blister or pain. Then he saw her. The Supreme Mother had come, as she had avowed, to save him in his hour of need. Now standing on his feet on the opposite side of the slab to his tormentors, the image of the Supreme Mother had appeared and had already unveiled within the deriving smoky haze that engulfed the chamber.
Now is the true moment of your becoming my childe. she lamented, her words distinguishable only to her subject. The bloodline of Bthory has been fully awakened within your soul and through this baptism of fire you have now truly descended into the linage of Nyrbtor.
Reaching out her hand, she grasped Elias by the arm and the flames of the transcendent induction merged them both together as one; she continued her lament with numinous vigour.
Only those which evolve slowly into the bloodline are granted the baptism of fire providing them with the gifts of life eternal, the contrived ones, the ones which go through the change subsequent to the embrace do not abide endlessly. And of the baptised there are only two in number. 
The Earthly world will now have its deliverance, its Adam and Eve reborn through the liberation of fire. Now go my childe, claim your prize, and empty the vessels of evil that stand before you. And when you feel the hunger yet again, feed yourself upon the eternally damned and regain your power through that righteous indignation, for no man of conventional mortality can destroy you. Use this supremacy to deliver the strength you will need to begin the journey that awaits you.
Little by little, the image of the Supreme Mother, Erzsbet Bthory, began to fade away consuming their intertwined fire within her spectral being. Seconds later Elias found he was standing alone, the Supreme Mothers presence, along with any trace of smoke or fire, wholly evaporated; all that remained within him was an overwhelming awareness of wrath and hunger.
In one leap, he was over the interrogation slab and standing directly in-between his two bewildered tormentors and then thrusting out both palms simultaneously, instantly caught the two men squarely in the face knocking them both to the floor. A swathe of voraciousness bolted through his veins, and even though he knew exactly what he was about to do  kill two presently unarmed men  he had no strength of will to stop himself; something altogether malign now had control of his conscience. The midget was first to stir and after getting to his feet instantly made for the exit. Elias, too far gone to allow for any escape, immediately pounced on him bringing his small frame clattering down underneath his own bulk. He would be the first to die. Grabbing Lokepa Kamaka by the hair Elias wrenched his victims head back with such unearthly force he actually ripped the small mans skull and features clean off; remnants of fleshy gristle being the only indication of where it used to be mounted. Holding the dismembered head of Lokepa in his left hand, Elias carefully approached Jimi the Hitman who still remained immobile on the floor beside the slab. Reaching down with his right hand he grasped Jimi by the shoulder and raised him to his feet, and staring directly into his groggy eyes, he held up the dwarfs head and thrust its now slack and blood-encrusted spewing mass into blue eyes chest. 
Casualty of war! Elias seethed and tightened his grip on Jimis shoulder. 
The honeyed stench of urine drifted into the dank atmosphere of the chamber as Jimi the Hitmans bladder released itself.
Dont kill me Eliasplease, dont kill me, Ill do anything you want.
Sorry Jimi, but I need to feed. Elias rasped back. And it looks like you have the privilege of being my first vessel of sustenance.
NoI beg you Elias please, I can help youI can get you back in with the President, I-
The President. Elias laughed into Jimis face. The President is a dead man.
And with eyes burning redder than the infernos of perdition Elias Penchansky sunk his salivating fangs deep and true into The Hitmans jugular vein. Draining him dry of every ounce of life-matter, Elias let blue eyes arid mortal remains drop down onto the floor, and in a final act of idiosyncratic vengeance, and just to make sure that there would be no sweet hereafter comeback for this particular vessel of immorality; he stomped an acrimonious bare foot down upon his lifeless and glassy eyed head crushing his skull into an emaciated and gory pulp.  
Falling to his knees in acceptance of what he had become he gazed upon the carcass of his second victim. He would now have to live with the blatant fact that he was what the vision of the Supreme Mother had called a Vampire, and he knew that from now on, not only would his life never be the same again, but that he would have to learn to live with the consequences of his actions. With that thought sunken into his consciousness, the desire to escape from his cell became foremost in his mind. Destiny was, after all, in the making. 
*
Chapter 24
The Whitehouse, Saturday August 8th
Clayton Bane made his way along the first floor corridor and came to a stop when he met up with Mitch Donald who was standing guard outside one of the upper bedrooms.
Hes in this one? Bane snapped at his senior advisor.
Yes sir. 
Right Ill deal with it, you, get back to work.
Sir.
Clayton Bane opened the bedroom door, entered without surveying the room, and then closed the door behind him. When he turned around, he saw that Frederick was still fully clothed in his suit and sitting up in bed sipping a cup of tea. There was no sign of his secretary, dead or otherwise, in the main chamber.
So where is she Charles, what have you done with Lucy?
Put her in the bath old chap, didnt want anyone to just wander in and find her lying dead and naked on the bed, might have caused a bit of a fuss.
Bane wandered into the en-suite bathroom and pulled back the shower curtain, and sure enough, there lay the unclothed body of his secretary; bottom up, with her head and neck twisted around like an owls.
Jeez Charles, what the hell happened to her? Bane shouted from inside the bathroom.
Its your entire fault brother with all your talk of taking one for the team; made me feel a little frisky. One minute she was pouring me a cuppa, next thing I know Im ripping her clothes off. She was a very willing woman though, just like you said, but.
But what, Charles? Clayton asked returning into the main room and sitting on the bottom of the bed.
But, I guess I must be more accustomed to the services that are on offer in London. The girls there are able to withstand the rigours of an altogether more discerning taste. One second I was choking her from behind, the next, her whole head and eyes swivelled completely around and met with my own, gave me quite a startle old boy.
Weak neck huh?
Fragile as a lily. Charles replied. 
What happened next, I take it no one out with our little syndicate came into the room and saw her corpse?
Do not worry no one came in brother, I put her straight in the bath, picked up the phone, got put through to Mitch Donald, and ten minutes later you came in. I really am sorry old boy, was she of much use, being a woman and all? 
She was punctual, loyal and easy, what more could you ask for in a secretary? 
Fancy a cup of tea? Charles asked, utterly ignoring the answer.
Tea! Fuck tea Charles, did the dead bitch bring in any coffee?
*
Elias Penchansky arose slowly from the side of the interrogation slab where he had been slouched over the remains of his second victim, and with forceful effort, began to regain his composure. Instantly his thoughts turned to Clayton Bane and the overwhelming desire to destroy him that presently burned through his newly empowered system, but even though he was now a wholly altered being, his empathetic disposition still remained true to his old self and he knew that his first priority remained with the welfare of his crew  if they were still alive that is  and to locate their whereabouts and help aid them in escape. Feeling the cold tiles of the floor beneath his feet he looked down and for the first time since his incarceration realised that he was completely naked; he needed clothing. Remembering the ghostly looking green lab coats that hung near the opposite wall, he quickly made his way over to their position and adorned himself in the closest one to hand. Then striding over to the door, he pulled down hard on the silver handle. The door swung open without a hitch; Elias noting that The Hitman and the midget had forgotten to lock it behind them. Once open, he gently eased a surveying eye out into the corridor, and when satisfied that there was no one around, stepped out into the brightly light white-tiled passageway. Scanning his eyes up and down the passage there appeared to be a total of nine doors within sight. Three on his side, three on the opposite side all presumably cells  one, which was presumably the entrance to a security office and two adorning each opposite end. Glancing at the door directly opposite, his attention was immediately drawn to some scribbled chalk writing adorning its facia; it was the names of his crewmembers. Stepping out into the corridor, and choosing to ignore the security swipe-card lock adjoining its facia, Elias thrust out a bare foot hard against the doors metal surface bursting it completely off its hinges and sending its creaking steel bulk crashing inwards onto the floor beyond.  Inside, and apparently dead to the world, lay the bundled figures of Kimberly Honeydew, Nelson Catts, Assamo Al-Nassar and the one extra body of NASA director John Spiker. Garbed only in their underwear, their positioning on the tiled floor of the chamber appeared to be the work of someone with an evil sense of humour, as all four lay stacked, head to toe, in a perfect tower of flesh one on top of the other, with Nelson Catts seven foot frame being used as the unfortunate foundations. They had obviously been drugged, probably with the same substance the he too had been subjected to, and when out of it, the perpetrators must have decided to have a little fun at their victims expense. Elias strode into the centre of the room and, starting with Kimberly who was face down on the top of the pile, began to gradually remove the slumbering bodies from their humiliating position. Sitting them up as best he could against the near wall of the chamber, he steadily began to rouse them into wakefulness by gently massaging their foreheads with his thumb and forefinger. One by one, all four were now beginning to come round, and a few seconds later Kimberly was the first to fully open her eyes. Acknowledging his presence with a look of utter confusion etched within her stare, she began to speak.
Commander Penchansky, youre back, I thought you-
Were dead? Elias said, finishing her sentence.
Where were you? Kimberly asked groggily, slowly raising a palm to her forehead.
Kimberly, do you know where you are? 
WhitehouseI think, where have all my rubies gone?
Elias looked along the line of slouched bodies that he had lined up against the wall and noticed that the other three were now finally awake and beginning to woozily sit up by their own free will. 
They came in and made us sleepythe midget dudesome others. Nelson mumbled towards the floor. Guess weve been here a long time.
Because of the isolated environment in the holding cells, Elias had no idea of the actual time, but knew instinctively that they must have been incarcerated for at least ten hours, which meant that today must be some time on Saturday. 
We need to get out of here. Assamo stated weakly, purposefully trying to get to his feet. Get me my plane.  
Yeh Im with him. Nelson agreed while attempting to get to his feet. Lets get on the gentlemans plane and fly outa here. But wait a minute, I need my hat, cant go anywhere without my lucky hat Assamo, thats my lucky hat.
Elias understood immediately, that judging by the still intensely drug infected and lacklustre nature of his crew that the major onus for their escape was now solely on him. 
Last to come around was John Spiker, standing to his feet, the only contribution he made to his saviour was a quiet nod of the head in his direction accompanied by a hand in the air indicating that he too was more than ready for liberation. So with all four captives now relatively compos-mentis and released from their imprisonment, Elias led them out into the white-tiled corridor of the detention cells, took a left turn, and began to guide them towards the silver door located at the end of the passageway.
*
Mitch Donald was still working away at the laborious task of gathering together as many members of the House of Representatives as he could for that afternoons crisis meeting when an emergency security alert flashed up on his computer screen. The alert instantly switched to a visual display showing the corridor of the detention cells and security office at the end. As he watched in shock at the situation unfolding in front of him, he robotically lifted up the phone and dialled the room where he had last seen the President. After a few rings, Bane picked it up himself.
What now? he snarled down the line.
Mr President its Mitch, we have a situation sir. 
What type of situation?
Theres been a security breach in the cells, Penchanskys gotten loose. Hes also released the other detainees; they are all in the prison hallway as we speak. What should I do sir?
What followed was about ten seconds of intense silence before Clayton Bane finally replied.
Kill them.
Kill them?
Yes, kill them, kill em all Mr Donald. That door to the cells is over ten inches thick, pure steel, theres no way theyre getting out of there anytime soon. So get some security personnel, inform them we have five terror suspects trying to escape from the pen, and order them to shoot on sight, okay? Im through messing around with these people.
Yes sir, right away sir. 
Oh and Mitch.
Yes Sir?
Try not to fuck this up; I really dont relish the thought of Penchansky and his cronies running amok in my place of business. 
Dont worry sir.There dead already.
*
Back down below Elias and his of entourage of four had come to a halt at the main entrance door to the detention cells.  Upon closer inspection of the security locking mechanism that was attached to the side of the wall, Elias immediately noticed that this door, unlike the other internal doors, required an authorised fingerprint to allow for exit. Elias took a step back, and once more raising his foot in the air, kicked out against the metal hindrance that was blocking the path to freedom, only this time, the entrance door blatantly refused to dislodge itself from its hinges.   
We need a finger. Elias proclaimed aloud.
A finger? Nelson questioned.
To release the lock, we need an accredited fingerprint. We need the finger of an authorised member of staff.
Then how exactly are we going to get out of here? 
Go get me the midget. Elias snapped back at the scientist. Youll find his carcass located in the cell directly opposite the one you were in.
Nelsons expression instantly transformed from an uneasy bewilderment to a satirical and professional smugness.
You want me to bring the actual whole body or just surgically remove an index finger?
Well unless you fancy hacking off one of his hands and bringing that back on its own, yes, I guess youll have to fetch the whole body.
Just as Nelson turned around in antipathy to begin his newly appointed task, the door to the corridor, where all five people were currently standing, clunked noisily, and before any of the five could react to the sound, the steel entryway had been pushed wide open. Standing in front of them were four camouflaged and heavily armed members of Whitehouse security personnel, four M-4 Carbine assault rifles raised to eye level, with four fingers delicately balanced on the trigger. Less than a second later, and totally devoid of any forewarning, Assamo Al-Nassar who was standing closest to the exit, was instantly shot; taking four bullets to the side of the head his execution was swift and deafening. As Assamos remains slumped to the floor another volley of gunfire rapidly followed; this time it was John Spiker that was on the receiving end. With at least eight of the 45 mm bullets shredding through his upper chest and neck, all that appeared to be left of his torso was a vast cavity of scorched flesh and a few splattered remnants of his vital organs which were now slowly seeping out from within his twisted and mangled frame. With his mind now over the initial shock of what was actually going down, Elias quickly grabbed a hold of Spikers flailing torso, and in the same motion, thrust the NASA directors remnants directly into the four masked assassins, the sheer brute force of the unexpected counterblow knocking the four of them off balance and sending them crashing onto the floor. This was it, their only chance of escape, once Banes security personnel were back to their feet Elias knew that the individual assassinations would be a thing of the past and replaced by the mass and indiscriminate spread of gunfire in an effort to make sure that the job was done. 
Move! he yelled at Kimberly and Nelson who were cowering behind him. 
Elias then took the lead and, after leaping over the downed guards, fled up the stairwell, while behind him Nelson and Kimberly followed suit. Once at the top of the stairs an instant burst of gunfire rang out from below; the assassins were now hot on their tail. Instinctively turning left brought the three fugitives out into the realms of a long and rather regal looking corridor embellished with decorative oak-wood benches all along the wall to their left, and a huge bank of ornate stained glass windows depicting previous Presidents adorning the right-hand wall. Picking the George Washington window, Elias smashed his fist through the leaded surround and ornate glass portrayal of Americas greatest President then instantly leapt out through the gap, and after making a safe landing on the soft grass of the Whitehouse rose garden, urged his remaining crew of two to follow. Nelson Catts was next to jump, and although his seven foot frame made it slightly awkward for him to fit through such a small gap, with a little extra effort he too managed to make it down onto the lawn unhurt. Lastly, and still inside the hallway, Kimberly Honeydews delirious and unsteady mind was seriously encumbering her leap to freedom. Behind her, she could audibly hear the sounds of her assassins becoming closer, but her lack of mental strength was making the leap to freedom wholly unmanageable. Elias, witnessing her hesitation, instantly yelled up to her from his position. 
Jump, Kimberly!
But it was now far too late for the Texan to gain her liberty, and just as she managed to put one bare foot onto the window frame in a forceful effort to escape, a barrage of sudden gunfire exploded through the remnants of George Washingtons crystallised depiction. Underneath the exit point, Elias shielded his eyes from the spewing rainbow of glass showering down from above, and when he turned his gaze around a few seconds later, it was in perfect time to witness the lifeless and flaccid carcass of Kimberly Honeydew flailing out from the shattered aperture seconds before her eviscerated remains pounded onto the grass beside their feet.
Penchanskys heart immediately sank in profound sorrow; with the exception of the scientist, he had failed in his undertaking to save the lives of his crewmembers. Once again Clayton Bane had invaded his life, and once again he had brought nothing but pain and sorrow; this time though, he would pay for his actions, tenfold. Right now there was no time to dwell on repercussions because he still had one crewmember left to try and save. As Elias now switched his attentions to assisting Nelson, gunfire began to rain down on them from the window above. Six or seven rounds of fire instantly decimated the manicured gardens surrounding their position before the next barrage of fire had a more direct impact. Elias, turning his back on the gunmen, reached out and grabbed hold of Nelson by the arm in an attempt to get the scientists shocked mind and body out from the line of fire, but just as he did so, the next barrage of rounds hit Penchanskys twisting frame squarely in the back, saving his companion from instant death. Elias was knocked off his feet and sent tumbling into one of the surrounding rose hedges, he emerged up, much to his, and his escaping partners surprise, with four bullet holes strewn across his upper back and left shoulder, what was more unbelievable than his surprising reappearance though, was the incredible fact that he was totally devoid of any pain, and if it wasnt for the crimson essence bubbling out from the freshly gained puncture wounds, accompanied by the incredibly disbelieving look etched upon Nelson face, he would have sworn that he had not been shot at all. The shock of the Commanders apparent imperviousness to large calibre weaponry proceeded to spur an instant surge of adrenaline within Nelsons system. Almost instantly, after Elias emerged from the hedge, seemingly unhurt from enough ammo rounds to kill an elephant, the scientist had gained his self-composure and was now over beside his downed comrade; lifting him to his feet, both were once more directly in the firing line.
The side, get round the side! Elias screamed pointing a bloodied finger at the gabled end of the building.
Still huddled together, both men immediately made for the whitewashed walls of the famous buildings west side where it would be impossible for the gunmen to target their position. As they ran, at least two dozen more rounds rallied into the bushes and shrubs behind them but a few daunting seconds later they were finally out of the firing line and flat up against the Westside gable. 
We have to make it to the gatehouse. Elias gasped. 
Isnt the gatehouse guarded? 
Yes it is, but they have a jeep there, and if we can steal it, we can use it to escape.
Nelson nodded his head in agreement and a split second later both men began to take flight towards their designated exit point. Thirty seconds later they were fleeing past the Presidents swimming pool, and a few moments later both were clear past the Whitehouse basketball court. Finally the white bricked gatehouse building came into view, and a further ten seconds on the trot brought them up to within fifty feet of their objective. Spotting the battered looking old jeep parked outside the building, both now eased their pace down to a steady walk, eventually coming to a halt about twenty yards from the gatehouse entrance.
Thats convenient Elias said, pointing towards the vehicle.
What is? 
The jeeps facing the exit gate.
Useful, but we still have the guards to contend with. Nelson reminded him.
Ill deal with the guards; you get into the jeep, and if the keys happen to be in the ignition, get her started up.
Both men now split up; Nelson heading left towards the escape vehicle, Elias heading right towards the gatehouse entrance door. Once outside the open doorway, Elias moved swiftly inside the foyer then forward into the main office of the small security building. Inside this office, the two guards were sitting behind a small table playing cards. Seemingly unaware that there were fugitives on the loose, both appeared to be totally engrossed with their game until the looming shadows of a stranger broke them free from their mentally absorbed state.   
Who the hell are you? one of the guards hissed staring up at the intruder with a look of shock. 
In no mood for chitchat, Elias lashed out against the two sitting ducks. Seizing them by the neck and slamming their foreheads together, instantly rendered both unconscious. Outside he heard the engine of the jeep being fired up which meant that Nelson had obviously found the keys; so with the last details now taken care of they could finally escape. 
At 9.00 a.m. exactly, with Elias in the passenger seat and Nelson at the wheel, the jeep burst through the now unguarded exit gate and broadsided out onto East Street NW. Heading in the direction of Pennsylvania avenue NW, Elias noted that Nelson appeared to have a strategy of some sort, or at the very least, an inkling as to where he was headed. 
Where the hell are we going Catts? Elias bellowed over the din of the straining engine.
Across the river.
Whats across the river? 
My research laboratory test site thats what, its invulnerable to satellite surveillance, its entirely subterranean, its bomb proof and the address is not on any of the governments records.
Elias nodded in agreement, although judging by the swiftness with which nelson was driving; he really had no choice but to go along with the scientists plans.  
Okay with you Commander? 
Fine with me Mr Catts, just get us off the streets before the secret service pin us down.
With the Commanders remark resounding through his brain acting as an additional spur, Nelson thrust the gas pedal to the floor; meanwhile in the seat next to him his passenger hastily fastened his seatbelt.
*
Inside the Whitehouse building the news of Penchanskys escape did not have the anticipated effect on Clayton Bane that Mitch Donald and Harvey Brewster were anticipating. The Presidents Senior Advisor and Chief of Staff had been informed about the outcome of the termination process shortly after Catts and Penchansky had escaped from the grounds, then in turn, theyd had the unenviable duty of informing the President of the meagre results. Bane and Frederick had by that time retired to the oval office and were in the process of chumming up over a bottle of whisky, when the two members of staff had entered the room to give them a full update of what had gone down. After relating the rudimentary specifics of the part-failed assassination attempt, it appeared to both Donald and Brewster that in actual fact Charles Frederick had been more upset by the botched outcome than Clayton Bane; the PMs face tightening with annoyance towards his American counterpart; with Banes only visual characteristic being a reddish tinge of embarrassment. What was even more bizarre though, was that the President had gone on to say that he was not particularly bothered about Catts and Elias escaping and even went further to say that both would probably be exterminated anyway, once the virus was released over the city and surrounding area. All plans will remain on schedule. being his exact words, then adding with a smile At least that bitch Honeydew is dead. 
After finally dismissing a more than relieved Mitch Donald and Harvey Brewster from their company, the door to the oval office was firmly closed behind them. Now out in the corridor, and still within earshot, both then overheard the initial stages of an argument begin to ensue from the office which theyd just left, the dominant voice of the two being that of a seemingly irate Charles Frederick, randomly interspersed with an over contrite Clayton Bane.
*
Chapter 25
Washington, D.C. Saturday August 8th
Across the city, and deep amidst the barren and deserted slums of the once prosperous South Waterfront, the channelling minds of Ivana Vasilyevich and Alexia Valentine lay side by side on the dusty reception-area foyer of what was once a million dollar apartment complex. Still slightly confused by feelings that their target had somehow moved from his original position, both linked hands and merged their instinctual senses to develop a clearer indication of their final destination. A few more minutes passed before Ivana finally received the intuitive information that both she and her fledglings conjoined minds had been seeking. Now with the ability to perceptually pinpoint the approximate locale where Elias could be found, she and her companion began their journey anew. First and foremost within their awareness remained the plight to track down their new blood kindred, but furthermore, the pursuit to appease the dreaded sense of foreboding instilled within their being would also have to be redressed. 
*
Ten minutes after crossing the river Nelson pulled the jeep up in front of what appeared to be an abandoned warehouse building located adjacent to the east perimeter of D.Cs Fort Stanton Park. After exiting the 4 X 4, Elias followed the scientist inside the building and was surprised to find that, instead of the expected vastly uninhabited space, a dark blue tinted glass wall, which offered no apparent means of opening, immediately confronted him. The only giveaway that this was an actual entrance door, rather than just some weird opaque window frame, came from two blatantly unconcealed security cameras perched directly above its dark reflective surface. Lifting a hand above his head, Nelson place his palm firmly against the glass frontage until a low humming sound began to emanate from within. The glass panel then slid down into a recess cut into the floor allowing entry.
Palm print recognition, pretty fancy eh? 
Elias just smiled in reply.
Revealed behind the glass was a large cargo elevator, not dissimilar to the metal walled chamber that had plummeted them both down onto the mining area floor of lunar outpost one, this one though appeared to be a little more internally high-tech with a vast array of colourful glass panels embedded within the steel wall surrounds. Once inside Nelson placed a palm print onto one of the many internal panels and the reflective wall that had previously descended into the recessed floor firmly rose back up into place. The lift then began to descend. Five silent minutes later, they finally came to a stop and the elevator door opened to reveal a very dimly lit and seemingly infinitely vast laboratory site. After exiting the lift Nelson placed another palm onto yet another glass panel and as if by magic fifty-thousand square feet of lab space was instantly illuminated. Crammed with every conceivable experimental piece of equipment that there could ever have been, Elias was totally taken aback by the sheer extent of the surroundings, even before he had had the opportunity to browse around the innumerable amount of interconnecting and open plan workstations. He also noticed that the entire laboratory test centres internal aura was gleaming with all sorts of merging red, blue and greenish hews emanating from what must have been at least one-hundred, ten foot tall, circular glass isolation chambers  or tanks -  that skirted the borders of the entire lab. And from where he was standing he could clearly see the contents of the first ten or so off to his right. Each capsule appeared to hold a uniquely diverse species of tall stemmed and tri-lobed genetically modified plant structure, entirely immersed in some type of cloudy, but still translucent, liquid solution. Right at the top of each plant, stemming from a bizarre cone-shaped funnel, was what looked to be a tightly-wrapped green whorl that to Elias resembled the rolled end of a fern frond. Nelson, noticing the Commanders intrigue towards his prized creations, decided to enlighten him as to their nature. 
Trifid-fidus. he declared.
What?
Triffids my friend, theyre different species of Triffids.
Youve got to be shittin me. Triffids, I thought they were fictional.
Like the alien visitors or the Cerberus hounds or perhaps the vampires? 
Elias elected to ignore the scientists observation putting it down to sheer coincidence that he happened to add on the vampires at the end of his quip and made his way forward into the lab for closer inspection of his new surroundings. Up ahead he could now make out the ghoulish frameworks of things of an altogether more sinister nature encased within the glass isolation chambers. These things, from where he had now come to a halt, appeared to be predominantly made up of the intensely deformed torsos of seemingly humanoid specimens, all devoid of arms and legs, but still with a semblance of the anthropological; trunks with heads being the superlative description. As he strained his eyes to get a closer look, Nelson began to reticently explain the reasoning behind a few of the abnormalities that Elias might find decorating all four corners of the site.
Some of the things down here are not quite normal Commander. But you must understand that this is my work, my lifes work, so before you jump to any conclusions about some of the anomalous things that inhabit my lab, please remember that nine times out of ten there is a perfectly reasonable explanation for them being the way they are, and that most of the experimental results that you see enclosed in the glass chambers and displays are, although bioorganic in nature, they are not of the natural world.
What the hell are they then? Elias whispered.
They are genetically manufactured and highly classified warfare transmutations, definitive and perpetual combatants, and are the results of many years of research done at the behest of my employers.
You mean the government?
Yes, the government, the very same government that employs you my friend.
Elias, being totally captivated by his surroundings, stopped short of informing Nelson that, under the circumstances, both of them would probably never work for the current administration again. 
So theyre aborted and redundant bioorganic weapons? he probed.
Nelson laughed aloud at the Commanders ignorance.
Redundant, hardly, most of what you see is ultimately operational, if a tad unpredictable, but with a little more time and research would be able to be deployed into the majority of war zones with only a handful of troops acting as military backup, combined with  two or three scientists aiding in retrieval and repair mode.
Before Elias had the chance to retort, his knees suddenly weakened and he began to feel the results of the blood loss that had unceremoniously been spewing for the wounds in his back since being hit four times by Banes security guards during his escape. Nelson, standing directly beside him, steadied him on his feet, and then led him towards the centre of the room. Laying the Commander face down on one of the experimental dissection slabs located within the core of the open plan laboratory, Nelson opened his patients lab-coat and began to examine the weeping contusions upon his back.  
Four gunshot woundsall bullets remain insideno visual signs of organ trauma; you are a lucky man Penchansky, a very lucky man.
Yeh lucky. Elias grumbled in reply.
Nevertheless the bullets will all need to be removed before I can stitch you up, are you happy for me to continue?
Well I cant remove them myself. Elias stated with
a tinge of sarcasm. But Id rather you put something on first.
It took Nelson a second to comprehend exactly what his patient was referring to, then when he realised he was still only garbed in his underwear, he quickly stepped over to a nearby workstation and decked himself out in some clean green scrubs, washed his hands, then made his way back to the dissection slab.
Okay Mr Elias, this might sting a little, you want some anaesthetic?
Just get on with it Catts. 
Okay, but dont say you werent offered.
The scientist snapped on a pair of surgical gloves then began his patch-up operation. He had just started digging in to retrieve the first bullet when his patient let out a gasping wheeze, assuming that he was in pain, he reluctantly ceased the surgery.
Need a little anaesthetic now? 
What the hell is that thing? Elias rasped incredulously, pointing a finger towards one of the isolation chambers at the far end of the lab.
What thing?
That thing there, that freaky looking thing with the glaring red eyes.
Oh that, that was a gift, a present from my Brazilian colleague Dr Palhares from the Campinas University in Sao Paulo. Nelson replied, and resumed his treatment on the understanding that Elias was not in any discomfort.
Thats a weird friend youve got there Catts, looks to me like some kind of alien reptile.
If you must know its actually an EBE.
An EBE, what the hells an EBE? 
An Extra-terrestrial Biological Entity the scientist confirmed, noticing his patients distinct lack of knowledge surrounding all things otherworldly. You know for an astronaut, you dont seem to be too clued up on the basic facts of the wider universe.
Once again, Elias chose to ignore the scientists offhanded remark, this time though it was because he was far too engrossed in gawking at this so called EBE to offer any meaningful reply. Floating in what appeared to be suspended animation  not mindfully functional, but still thriving none the less  the stature of the creature gave the impression of being approximately four feet tall with slimy dark russet skin and elongated spindly arms and legs. And its Small hands and long starfish-like fingers were tightly bound to its withered looking skeletal ribcage. The head of the creature, complete with three shark-fin shaped protuberances stemming out from its hairless and bulbous cranium, appeared to be gently lolling from side to side within its luminescent and briny prison, and even though encased behind glass, the creature still exuded an undefinable but, none the less menacing, aura of malevolence that unblinkingly shone out from behind those ostensibly visionless and deep set eyes. Elias was about to probe the scientist as to where he thought the exact origins of the creature lay, when he was cut off before he had the chance to verbally form the question.
Bullets are out, just a few stitches and were done. 
That was quick. 
Not my first time Im afraid to say. Done a voluntary stint as field medic a few years back.
You dont say, anything youve not done doctor?
Nelson laughed aloud as he secured the final stitch. Nope, dont think so Commander.
No, me neither. Elias mused to himself.
Thats you my friend all repaired and ready for action.
Nelson then playfully slapped Elias on the butt cheek as an indicator that he was now able to stand up, and then proceeded to remove his bloodied gloves and drop them into a nearby hazardous waste bin.
Spinning off the table and onto his bare feet, an additional question regarding his surroundings entered into his thoughts.
Tell me Catts, do you actually live in this place or is it just your workplace?
Yes I actually live here; I have separate living quarters through at the back. Comon Ill show you, were done here.
Elias followed Nelsons lead through the numerous workstations and adjoining masses of lab equipment until the scientist came to a stop in front of what must have been the only internal door in the entire laboratory, and upon entering, his suspicions proved to be right. Confronted by yet another large open plan area, although nowhere near the size of the laboratory, Elias scanned his eyes around the interior of what was Nelson Cattss home. The first and most noticeable thing about the place was that everything inside was sparkling white in appearance. The floor tiles, the walls, the furniture in the lounge area over to the left, the kitchen units and worktops over to the right and even the cot style bed and wardrobes in the far corner were of the same tone, all of which merged together with insipid and synchronized banality. The only contrasting colour inside the entire area came from the black wall mounted television screen positioned opposite the white leather sofa in the lounge area. Totally devoid of natural sunlight due to the distinct absence of any windows, the only luminescence came from a massive florescent lighting system that was attached to the high ceiling above.
Make yourself at home Commander, grab a pew, Nelson urged, guiding Elias over to the lounge area. 
You sure this is your home Catts? Looks more like an asylum visiting area. Elias quipped.  
Its functional and easy to maintain, what more do you need? Although if you need to use the bathroom youll have to use the facilitys within the lab, havent gotten around to constructing a shower cubical or latrine through here.
Yeh no problem, but Im more concerned about getting dressed, you got any clothes I can borrow?
Sure. Nelson laughed, Might be a little on the baggy side but I think we can come up with something.
Both men walked over to the white closet in the bedroom area and Nelson clicked open the doors to reveal one more contrast to the surrounding pallor.
Hope you suit black? he asked cheerfully.
My favourite shade.  
Nelson, choosing to remain in his scrubs, left Elias alone to pick out some suitable attire from his collection. Wandering over to the lounge area, he sat down and switched on the television. 
Meanwhile Elias, after dressing in a pair of khaki combat pants and a plain black T-shirt, only needed some appropriate footwear to complete his outfit. Picking out a pair of rather dandy looking, shin high, black leather boots from the bottom of the closet, he promptly checked the inside sole for an indicator of their size. They were twelves, he was an eleven, but with a pair of borrowed socks he was sure they would fit fine. Moments later, with his ensemble complete, he made his way over to join the scientist in the lounge area. Sitting down in the seat beside him, Elias found Nelson flicking through the news channels. Guessing that he was trying to find out if there was any news on what had gone down at the Whitehouse, a second later the scientist confirmed his thoughts. 
Nothing, nada, zilch, massive gun battle at the Whitehouse, no news, three people shot dead in cold blood, no news, two fugitives somewhere in the city, no news, what the hell is going on here?
A cover up thats what, Elias seethed, Bane obviously wants to keep all that has happened extremely hush-hush, which means, that whatever underhanded and subversive act that he has in the planning, it has not yet reached full fruition.
Nelson was just about to respond to the Commanders conjecture, when his attention was suddenly drawn back towards the news stations anchor and to his enthusiastic announcement that, after some entirely expected technical difficulties, they would now be switching back to their live broadcast of the terrorist attack on London. Having also caught the attention of Elias, both men now stared at the screen in silent astonishment at what they were witnessing. 
As live transmission resumed, beginning with a background shot of the city district landscape shrouded in a low, and occasionally evaporating, street-level mist of perhaps two to three feet thick, an off camera female reporter began her narration of the apocalyptic scene slowly unfolding in front of her.
What you are witnessing are actual live Washington News Channel pictures from the decimated city of London, a city that is now completely under the jurisdiction of martial law and in a total quarantined lockdown.
Across the bottom of the television screen the sentence LONDON IN LOCKDOWN began to scroll repetitively from left to right as if to validate the reporters claims.  
At approximately 8.00 a.m. BST, 3.00 a.m. U.S. Eastern time, this once great metropolis was subjected to the most devastating terrorist atrocity the likes of which the modern world has never seen. The attack, which began over the citys skyline during the morning rush hour, has caused a highly noxious and vaporous cloud of gas to hang in the atmosphere for over six hours; only in the last hour has it shown any signs of abating. Our sources have revealed that at least five Fighter jets were witnessed flying extremely low over the London skyline just before the attack began, whether these jets were dispatched to try and nullify the attack, or whether they were indeed used for the sole purpose of the attack, is still unknown. With no word coming from either the military or the British government, widespread speculation and amateur guess work, as you can imagine, is hindering our efforts to bring you the true reality of this horrendous occurrence. 
The broadcast now switched back to the WNC anchor in the main studio, and a stock photograph of the woman reporter appeared on the top left corner of the screen.
Tell me Susan, are there any confirmed reports relating to the amount of casualties involved, or are circumstances on the ground still too hazardous to provide us with any accurate numbers?
Well Chet, unconfirmed reports from around fifty London hospitals, most of which have closed their doors to new admissions, suggest that there are approximately twenty-thousand people currently being administered specialist treatment within their buildings. Whats more terrifying though is that in all probability there could be up to at least two-million men, women and children currently lying dead on the roads and sidewalks of this previously bustling metropolis, those being, the folks that were just going about their normal morning routine when this attack transpired. But with a population topping almost ten-million, it will take a great deal of time and effort to calculate the actual number of people infected by this virus.
Are we any further forward in identifying the genetic materials involved in the creation of this virus, or indeed who was actually responsible for its distribution? Chet inquired.  
Regarding your first question the answer is yes, in the last five minutes one of the top professors, a man going by the name of Doctor Josiah Curwen, at Londons institute of genetic science, has just released a press statement via the institutes website announcing that, and I quote, After having had time to analyse a small amount of the toxic vapour courageously collected by one of our bio-technicians, and also the bodies of two unfortunate victims, we at the institute can now confirm that the main components involved in the design of this virus are a highly lethal concoction of two of the worlds most infectious and deadly contaminants. The first being the class one form of the highly contagious viral haemorrhagic fever strain of Ebola Virus, and the second being an exceedingly concentrated form of liquid Sarin. The press release then went on to state the obvious saying that all persons in the greater London area should remain indoors with all windows and doors sealed until more information regarding manoeuvrability around the city could be posted.    
What about the accountability factor Susan, any clues as to who was responsible?
Still nothing to report on that one Chet, but as soon as we have any confirmation, our viewers will be the first to know.   
Thanks Susan, Susan Bennett reporting live from the terrorist attack on London, England. In related news and in response to the on-going carnage the United States Department of Homeland Security has in the last hour placed all major cities in America onto red alert, but as yet, the Whitehouse and President Clayton Bane have still to issue any statement on the catastrophe. In the meantime lets head straight back to lock down London and to those infernal scenes of devastation.
The broadcast switched back to the live pictures from London but with the absence any of vocal commentary, and as the cameras panned down from behind what appeared to be an internal glass window the viral smog suddenly began to clear a little, and for the first time, the full devastation of the events that took place on the ground could now be observed for the entire watching world to witness.
Below the dispersing sections of noxious gas, masses upon masses of what appeared to be muscle spasmed and constricted manikins lay contorted and lifeless upon the ground. As the camera panned in even closer to reveal the true horror of the human death toll and give the world a glimpse of the way in which these poor souls had ultimately perished, Elias and Nelson watched on with a rising and sickening revulsion.  
There were couples holding hands that had simply dropped where they stood. Mothers slumped over prams in a wretched and pitiful bid to save their offspring from demise. There was a blind man with his Labrador dog both utterly lifeless and huddled together. There were children dressed in their summer clothes desperately clutching on to their mothers hands, their contorted faces aghast with unknowing dismay. In the centre of the road, there was a logjam of cars and trucks, underneath which, the protruding legs and feet of the desperate, dying and dead lay twisted and intertwined like the branches of a fallen oak tree. There were at least fifty businessmen in archetypical London dress strewn upon the ground beside a busy taxi rank, their bowler hats and leather briefcases cast-off in a ship-shape line giving the appearance that, even when faced with death, the lust for conformity was still fore front within their minds. And in the cafes, shops and small businesses that lined both sides of the street, people of all sizes, ages and creeds could be seen crammed in together behind vulnerable glass frontages, so tightly packed in that the only visual signs of viral infection amidst the baying throng of their dying, were the smeared amalgams of cherry-red lipstick, sweat and the contaminated tears that slowly oozed down from the eyes of the truly compacted and last in. These were the condemned and dying; the despairing remnants of a city once proud, all of them almost certainly infected, and all undoubtedly destined to perish. Nelson switched off the TV and turned to face Elias; his face completely drained of its usual hue; his eyes sullen and glassy and sunken deep within their fleshy chambers.
I think, I he trailed off.
You think what Catts?
I think I might have an idea as to the origin of that virus.
Well. Elias probed, noting the delay in the scientists notion.
Well I think it might just be a viral concoction that I was assigned to develop for the government, our government.
You, you think you were responsible for manufacturing this virus, how?
I was given the task of developing a contemporary bioweapon, something that would be the ultimate deterrent. A weapon that would annihilate the majority of the population in the land mass that it was released upon, but in turn, unlike a nuclear weapon, would not destroy the very infrastructures and amenities of the citys construction. A kind of, kill all the people, but keep all the loot type of thing, so that post detonation an antidote could be released using the same means of saturation, so the government could then gain control of the infected town, city or country with all its assets still relatively intact.
And you, you developed it?
Yes I did. Its even named after me; CATTS v9. He said proudly, and then realising the magnitude of the situation, quickly dislodged the look of satisfaction from his face.
Elias continued to hold the scientists stare with a mixture of disbelief and incredulity.
So who commissioned this project?
All I know, and indeed all I ever know about these sorts of assignments is that they all come from the very top of the administration.
So how do you receive them, email? 
Email, Nelson snorted, email is not secure Commander. The orders come through, usually hand written, and in the form of a formula encryption, to my private mailbox downtown, and once I have stored them in my system, I usually have around three months to produce a working result. I then send a copy of my test analysis back to another mailbox downtown. From then, I go no further until I am given the official go ahead via the same means. I never thought for one second though that CATTS V9 would be used on innocent women and children. 
Of course not, you thought it would only be used upon guilty mothers and kids. Elias snapped.
As Nelson lowered his solemn eyes from the Commanders gaze, Elias, his saviour sat next to him, began to contemplate the motives behind the unforeseen attack. He knew Clayton Bane had to be involved, but why would he deliberately order an attack on an allied country like England with no apparent reason? Surely if he had wanted to conduct a proper live test case of his new bioweapon, he would have unleashed it over some non-confirmative and hostile area like Argentina or Columbia, he may be a lunatic and only a few months away from being ousted from office, but to drop bioweapons onto a friendly city in order to ascertain a weapons potency simply beggars belief. But that said, he still must have a reason; it was as simple as that. Cerebrally jolted by his reasoning, his memory flashed back to two distinctive moments-in-time from the recent past, the first being something that his nemesis, Yuri Rykov, had cited when they were in the midst of their heat conflict down in the confines of the lunar mine control room; the second, being the equally elusive words of Kimberly Honeydew  which at the time he had put down to delusional rantings pending further investigation  when they were cooped up in the Warriors escape pod whilst sitting on the bottom of the Atlantic ocean. Both had definitely used the same turn of phrase though; the revolution has already begun. And although Yuri had then gone on to say something along the lines of Elias last to know as usual. Viciously adding, why dont you ask your employer if and when you return. And then in the escape pod, when under his intense scrutiny, Kimberly had blustered on with some bizarre story that Clayton Bane was planning to become the King of America and she was to be his Queen, he had not taken the time hence to notice the singular similarity betwixt the two rantings being the deliberate use of the word revolution. Now, Elias understood, much to his own personal dismay, that both of those previously rudimentary declarations, conjoined with events that had unfolded within the Whitehouse itself, and along with the datum that Bane and his cohorts had not even bothered to unleash a pursuit team to track and apprehend two major escapee fugitives, meant that Bane himself  as Elias had suspected  had to be planning something big, something really big, but a revolution?. The reason he used Britain as a test target for his new weapon was still unclear in his mind, but what was clear was that President Clayton Bane must have developed this virus to use against his own country, deploying it by the same means as was done in London, in order to kick-start his own personnel revolution. Was Bane so desperate to stay in power that he would actually launch an attack on his own country? If so, what Kimberly Honeydew had said about Bane wanting to become King of America might not have been that far-fetched. At the time hed virtually ignored her rantings as complete and utter madness, but now it appeared that what she had said, albeit under duress, was in actual fact the truth and would also back up her claim that the ruby stones extracted from the lunar mining facility were being used to fund Banes monarchist revolution. Terrifyingly, everything fitted into place. Elias, putting his mental revelations aside for a moment, and resisting the urge to share his thoughts, began to prod his sullen companion for more information regarding the antidote to the virus.
Nelson, you mentioned that after a town or city had been struck down with the virus an antidote could be released, do you have an antidote for CATTS v9?
Yes of course I do, well I have the chemical formula anyway, but all that I prepared has already been dispensed into canisters and shipped Langley Air Force base. 
How long would it take you to manufacture more?
That depends on how much, for a city the size of London perhaps twenty-four hours.
And how many canisters do you have left?
Fifty, maybe sixty.
Well I suggest that you get started then, because, if my suspicions are right, were gonna need all you have left and then some.
What suspicions? 
Elias was on the brink of responding to the scientists request for information, when the television in front of them suddenly, and automatically, switched itself on. The on-screen image was of two women  both of whom were similarly garbed in waist length leather jackets, tight-fitting dark jeans and low-heeled boots  that had been captured by the security cameras positioned above the blue glass entrance to the elevator. Elias instantly recognised the intruders as Ivana Vasilyevich accompanied, curiously, by Alexia Valentine, chief supervisor of Kennedys internal operations. Nelson, confused by their appearance in his entranceway, began to reassure the Commander that there was no way for them to breach his security system and that it would indeed be impossible for them to even open the door to the elevator let alone enter and descend to the lab. 
Let them in Mr Catts. Elias ordered with an air of astute composure. 
Are you crazy, what if theyre in cahoots with-?
Elias raised his right hand in the air in a gesticulation to silence his companion.
I said, let them in.
Nelson rose from his sitting position and began to make his way over to the door.
Well I aint meeting them alone Elias. He hollered over towards his companion who still remained seated.
Elias rose and followed Nelson to the door of the apartment area and both then exited the room into the main expanse of the laboratory. After walking the full length of its interior in muted silence, they finally came to a stop at the entrance to the elevator. Nelson shot Elias a final look just to make sure that he was certain in his request, and after a quick nod from Elias to confirm that he was, Nelson proceeded to let them in. The scientist placed his right palm against one of the many glass panels, and a second later, the elevator began to rise upwards towards the awaiting women on the surface. Ten tense minutes later the elevator was back down at lab level. When the doors finally opened, they were confronted, as expected, by the figures of Ivana Vasilyevich and Alexia Valentine. Both women instantly began to stare intently in Penchanskys direction totally bypassing Nelson without giving the lab owner the slightest hint of recognition.  
Alright, what the hell do you two want? Nelson demanded to know. 
Ignoring his question, and continuing to gaze deeply into the Commanders eyes, both women exited the cargo lift and entered into the brightly lit chamber.
I asked you a question. Nelson barked. You deaf or something?
What we want does not concern you Mr Catts; we are here to meet with our new-blood.
Your new-blood, what the hell are you-? 
Silence you. Ivana hissed at the scientist, raising a hand directly in front of his face. Elias Penchansky is the one we are here to speak with, not you.
Hang on a minute sister; no one just waltzes in to my lab and
Nelson, its alright. Elias butted in, I think I know why theyve come.   
We have much to discuss Commander; I would appreciate it if we could have some privacy. Ivana added.
Yes, Nelson can you leave us alone for a while? Elias asked politely not wanting to rile the scientist any more than was necessary.
You sure you want to be left alone with these people?
Ill be fine. 
Without another word, just a mistrusting glance in Ivanas direction, Nelson left the scene and wandered back towards his living quarters. 
Can we sit? Ivana asked.
Over here. Elias answered, pointing to a workstation near where they were standing.
The Commander took the lead beckoning the pair to follow on, and a few moments later, all three were seated around a small metal table furnished with some empty glass beakers and tubular vials. 
You do know why I am here Commander? Ivana asked.
Yes I do, well at least I think I do. 
You and I are the future of our kind; your destiny cannot escape you.
No apparently not. 
The Supreme Mother has united us; the future linage of Nyrbtor is now complete. You have endured the baptism of fire, perceived the vision of the Supreme Mother in all her majesty, and are cultured in what you have become.
Yes, well I think
Ivana grasped hold of his hand and in an instant, the perpetual reminiscences of the Supreme Mothers words became forefront within his mind, instantly blocking out all other surrounding stimuli. That was your contagionthe moment that defined your destinyyoure embrace and youre kiss, she had preached unto him, for at that moment in time, when you absorbed the essence of Ivanas Russian fledgling, youre human understanding of mortality was unwittingly altered for time without end. You are mine now. You are a Vampire. His mind now surged forward, and as his eyes rolled back within their sockets, another vivid recollection of the Supreme Mothers teachings flashed within his cognizance. Of the baptised there are only two in number. She had lamented. The Earthly world will now have its deliverance, its Adam and Eve reborn through the liberation of fire. Its Adam and Eve? Regaining his cerebral wits he instantaneously realised that what the Supreme Mother had been referring to was that he, Elias Penchansky and, the woman currently sat next to him, Ivana Vasilyevich, were being regarded as the Adam and Eve, and it was now up to them to ensure that the world gets some sort of deliverance; deliverance from what though, and from whom?   
You are beginning to understand Commander. The Earthly world is vastly altering as we speak. With every passing moment we are becoming closer to a global revolution of immense magnitude. There is much to be done that requires our united elements, for only together, can we defeat the unwarranted transformations that threaten our calling, our purpose, and our own redemption from this prejudiced world of unending torment.
Elias was still in a state of slight confusion, he had just witnessed the decimation of London, and was apprehensive that Clayton Bane was about to do the same thing to America, and now here was this woman, a woman that he barely knew, a woman that the Supreme Mother had alluded to be his Eve, claiming that both she and him would have to join together to keep the world in a state of harmonious balance. Picking up on the Commanders logical scepticism, after all he was still what she would describe as a neonate; Ivana proceeded to enlighten her new kindred in more detail.
This you must understand Commander. It is up to us to make sure that the world remains, flourishes, and continues to be, until the great day comes. We are the new guardians, the protectors of all on Earth, nothing must harm this planet. Destroying it would make it impossible for our kind to encounter the final judgment of Gehenna, the end of the third cycle, when the Antediluvians shall awaken and devour all of our kind. Then, and only then, will we have our redemption, and our rightful place in the netherworld, where we shall live free of curse and torment for time eternal among our own kindred beings.  
It was not that Elias had failed to comprehend what Ivana Vasilyevich was saying; it just still seemed so far-fetched. He had witnessed first-hand the visions and proselytizations of the Supreme Mother, he had not sensed any corporeal suffering from torture,  he had been set free from his entrapment by a raging fire that spewed from somewhere within him, he had physically drained the blood  via his own fangs  of Jimi the Hitman Hope, and to top it off, he had been shot four times in the back while fleeing from the Whitehouse with no apparent ill effect, but accepting that he was, indeed, an actual vampire, was still proving difficult to mentally grasp.
So let me get this straight, Elias began, The reason fate, if you want to call it that, has bound the two of us together, is to protect the current order of the cosmos until our time has come to depart the mortal coil?
Exactly. Ivana concurred. Any vast alteration in the order of world events would jeopardise our very salvation. A universal balance has to be maintained at all times. And the Supreme Mother, in all her majestic wisdom, has made it known that you and I are now the chosen ones assigned with this momentous task.
I just always thought that vampires, if they were real, werewell you know, oddities.
Oddities, how so? 
Well not like me, I mean look at me, Im hardly what youd call a typical vampire.
And what would you call a typical vampire Commander? A deadly night stalker garbed in a black velvet cape, whose sole purpose in life is to seek out and prey on innocent virgins, then just as dawn breaks, he transforms into a bat to fly back to the refuge of his coffin, in some gothic Transylvanian castle, to sleep during the daylight hours so as to avoid disintegrating into dust?
For the first time in a while, Elias let out an actual vocal laugh, realising that confused folly had clearly gotten the better of him. He knew what he was, of that there was now no doubt, but it had taken the arrival of Ivana Vasilyevich to confirm what had already been articulated by the visionary form of the Supreme Mother. He was a vampire. And if it was now down to him and Ivana to somehow save the world from extinction, for his part, he would give it his best shot. In addition, if it turned out that the instigator of this global revolution just happened to be Clayton Bane, as he suspected, then all the better. With most, but not all, of the pieces of the puzzle now firmly clicking into place, obliterating that belligerent piece of human excrement had just become, once again, his number one priority.
Ivana grasped his hand tighter then pulled him in so close to her that he could actually feel her breath radiate off his own.
There is one other thing I must tell you Commander, something that you must be made aware of before we set out on our conjoined quest.
What? 
It was I who destroyed the Warrior.
What? 
A humble act of vengeance for the death of my beloved Yuri, whose life you so callously terminated whilst on your mission.
He tried to kill me! Elias exclaimed, forcefully retracting his hand from Ivanas tightening clutch.
The fact remains that you were the one responsible for his death, and our kind do not treat such atrocities facetiously. You should think yourself lucky Commander, for if circumstances had proved to be different, and you had not become, indeed, what you now are, you would be a dead man. Yuri Rykov effectively saved your soul.
Blind Fury ripped through Penchanskys relative composure. 
How did you know it was me that killed Yuri? Could have been anyone on that mission, he spat back; he was despised! 
Come Commander, who else could it have been? He was sent on that mission to dispose of you, you and the majority of your crew. But you were the only one on that mission capable of the immeasurable deed. I am no fool Commander, nor was I unaware of the bitter history between you both. That night, the night of the mission, I woke up and immediately sensed that Yuri was in serious jeopardy. I knew he was dying; I cried myself to sleep. Later on, in the early hours of the morning, I received a phone call from President Bane; he confirmed my earlier feelings of trepidation. Yuri was lostdeadand buried deep within the remains of lunar outpost one and I just knew within my very being it was you that had killed him. 
I asked President Bane if I could have my revenge, to which he agreed, on the grounds that I spend some time with him once this upheaval was all over. He arranged for an F-15 to be deployed at Kennedy, and when the Warrior began its final landing procedures, I took off from the landing strip to intercept it, and, to inevitably, bring it down. My retribution was, I assumed at that time, complete. 
Elias remained enraged by the confession. And even though he knew that the majority of culpability could be firmly placed with Clayton Bane, it was still due to Ivana Vasilyevichs direct actions that his beloved shuttle Warrior was now resting in pieces on the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean; with only blind luck saving him and his crew from the same fate. Was he meant to just forgive her and forget all that had happened?  
So where do we stand Commander, Ivana asked breaking the tension, are we able to move on, now that the truth is out? Or are you having second thoughts about your destiny?
Elias, still attempting to take in the revelations, but wanting to avoid making any rash decisions based upon the evidence that he had just heard, decided to avoid answering the question, and instead, gain a second opinion on the matter. Nelson Catts, although accountable for the manufacture of the virus, was at heart, still a virtuous man, and since he too was also nearly obliterated by the downing of the Warrior, his evaluation of precedings would be as close to one of level-headedness as he was going to get.
With that thought in mind, Elias decided that he would lead Ivana and Alexia through to the apartment at the rear, and once there, he would try and explain to Nelson as much of the unfolding story as best as he could. From then on, once all were clued in to the events so far, it would be down to the four of them to try and figure out what their next move was going to be.
*
Chapter 26
Capitol Hill, Washington, D.C.
For the meeting of the House, Clayton Bane had changed from his lounging attire into a dark blue pinstriped three-piece suit. The suit, virtually an exact match of the one his brother was currently sporting, gave him and his counterpart the definite appearance of brothers in arms. 
Stepping out from behind the right hand rear door of the debating chamber both  brothers casually walked up to the podium. In front of them three- hundred and thirty-three, out of four-hundred and forty, members of the house had gathered and were currently seated in their usual semi-circular pattern eagerly awaiting the Presidents speech. All fully aware of the devastation that had occurred in London, They were in sombre and hushed mood. 
Bane tapped the microphone in front of him; just to make sure that it was switched on, then began his speech.
My fellow Americans, forgive me if I seem curt, but I think you are all aware of the reasoning behind this emergency sitting, so I know you will understand if I dispense with the usual house formalitys and get straight down to business.
The man standing beside me, as you are all no doubt aware, is Prime Minister Charles Frederick. At eight a.m. this morning BST, his home city of London was devastated by an unprecedented biological attack on a huge scale, and judging by intelligence information that I have received in the last hour, it now looks very likely an imminent attack of the same magnitude will descended upon our own hallowed shores. We do not know at this stage exactly who these terrorists are, what their targets will be, or what they hope to gain from their actions. However, what we do know is this, if the same biological agent that was unleashed on London is used upon American cities, and is dispersed via similar means; then we people, are in deep shit.
 So I have gathered you all here this afternoon to ask for your opinion on what step you think we should take next to help safeguard our citizens.
For the moment your job is a simple one. I have two questions that require a vote; the outcome of this ballot will decide what we, as a country, shall do next. Please use the keypads in front of you to answer yes or no to the following questions. Now if everyone is ready I will begin.
Question one. Do you think we should hold off informing the people of the true magnitude of what might occur, until it becomes clear what cities are most at risk, thus avoiding any unnecessary mass panic on the streets?
Clayton Bane waited for all the members to select their answer before continuing.
Question two. In the event of a full scale attack on our nation, do you think it would be appropriate to initiate marital law and confine our citizens in their homes?  
Once again, the President waited until all members had registered their vote before continuing.
Thank you for sharing your opinions; please remain seated until the computer has itemized the results. This will take approximately eight to ten minutes, after which, we will analyse the outcome and proceed accordingly.
Bane and Frederick left the podium and exited from the same door that they had entered only a few moments ago.
Turning to his English counterpart, Bane grinned one of the most malevolent smiles that Charles had ever witnessed.
Now brother, I have a little surprise for you, a little mini test case of my very own.
Just what are you up to Clayton? Charles asked in a wary tenor.
Youll see. Now lets get back to the Whitehouse.
*
Bane and Frederick left Capitol Hill immediately and travelled the one and a half miles back to the main building. Upon entry, Bane took the lead. First, he headed straight to the oval office and contacted Mitch Donald and Harvey Brewster. He told them to get their asses down to the underground command centre ASAP, and that he and Frederick would meet them down there. 
After quickly retrieving the metal attach case from safe, Bane led Charles from the oval office, down the internal stairway, and into the underground interrogation cell corridor. Traversing the full length of the passageway, they came to a halt in front of the last door at the far end. Seconds later, Donald and Brewster arrived behind them and together, all four entered the command centre.
Bane and his two employees immediately walked over to a massive bank of computer monitors positioned against the right-hand wall, while Charles decided to take a moment to familiarise himself with his new surroundings.
Internally, the room was large. Underfoot, the entire expanse was surfaced with white ceramic floor tiles, while the walls, the sections that were perceivable anyway, remained mostly bare and finished with insipid grey cement. To his immediate left hand side, and taking up almost the entire wall, stood a massive metal container chest marked munitions; Guns and ammo he presumed. In front of him, and to the left side of the far end wall, stood a galley style kitchen area and what appeared to be a food storage zone, complete with two massive white fronted freezers. In the centre of this far wall, two metal doors, one double sized and one of regular proportions, were positioned between an adjacent open plan rest area, furnished with four bunk style beds, a rather uncomfortable looking seating area, and a large, free standing, television. Next to this section, and linking the seating space with the array of computers on the right, was a compact media centre equipped with two television cameras and two OLED monitor screens. The cameras, Charles assumed - which were aimed toward a small desk positioned close to the back wall - were presumably only used for emergency transmissions and crisis announcements.   
Content with his scouting mission, Frederick walked over to join the others. 
No bathroom in here old chap? he asked his brother upon reaching his side.
Restroom and showers are at the back Charles, now unless you desperately need to take a leak, I suggest we get back to my little experiment. These assholes wont stay seated forever.
Right then, lets see what that devious mind of yours has in the offing. Charles retorted.
Clayton Bane pushed one of the switches on the control panel in front of him and four differing images from inside the Capitol Hill debating chamber flicked onto the screens in front of him.  
Surveillance cameras. he smiled, Cant have a show like this without an audience.
Pressing another key, he appeared equally pleased with himself.
Thats the doors locked.
With a final turn on what looked like a small metal mushroom, he instantly slapped his hands together with glee.
Right folks; wait till you see what happens next. 
Inside the chamber, all was fairly quiet, with most of the representatives still sitting in their seats idly chatting away to the person or persons sat next to them.
Suddenly, their chatter became deathly quiet, being replaced by a loud hissing sound, and as the members of the house began to look around to find the source of the noise, a thick red mist of CATTS v9 virus began to descend from the ceiling. Panic ensued. In an instant, all fled from their positions and headed for the exits, only to find that their means of escape were all tightly barred. The mist, now only feet above their heads had descended at an alarming rate and less than thirty seconds later, had completely smothered the entire chamber.
Clayton Bane in the control room was slightly disappointed.
Its too thick, he yelled at the monitor in front of him, I cant see them suffering damnit. 
Give it a minute Clayton; Im sure the mist will lessen soon. Frederick appeased.
After a few more minutes of stagnation, the red vapour began to clear a little, not totally, but enough to bear witness to the carnage left in its wake. 
Observing the unfolding diminutive holocaust, Bane felt extremely satisfied with the results. He had presumed that because of the close-range distribution factor and the means of diffusion  straight from the cylinder, rather than the pluming saturation effect that comes via high cloudburst dispersal  that there could have been some kind of adversarial effect on the viruss overall potency; he was wrong. His mini test case had proved to be hugely successful.
And now that he, and his close companions, could clearly see the mass-dead strewn all around the chamber, he felt that a little gloating was not unwarranted.
Well, what do you think of that gentlemen, pretty good eh? 
Congratulations Clayton, Frederick swiftly replied, youve just killed over three-hundred people with the flick of a switch.
You mean the twist of a toggle brother.
Switch, toggle, whatever, pray tell, what was the point of this little demonstration, other than ridding the country of the majority of the house of representatives?
The point isI have now successfully confirmed that the virus can be dispersed from virtually anywhere and at any height without compromising its lethal qualities.
I guess you have, well done.
Thank you.
Youre welcome. So whats next? Frederick asked.
The main event brother, thats what is next. The time has come to call our man at the Pentagon. 
Bane lifted a telephone receiver that was set into the control panel in front of him, and wedging the phone between his neck and left ear, then pushed yet another button on the forward instrument board.
He grinned, Are you all prepared to make a little history people? 
The excitement and expectation in the room was palpable, as all four men knew what the outcome of this momentous phone call would bring forth; operation reprisal would, at long last, be fully initiated.
Bane switched the receiver into his right hand, and a wink of the eye informed the room that his call had been answered.
Get me General Jackson Carter. he barked down the line. A brief pause followed. 
Of course its me, who the fuck else comes in on this line, your mother?
Bane turned around to face the three men standing behind him and rolled his eyes at the foolishness of the question he had just been asked.
Is that you Mr President? he scorned while shaking his head, Three-hundred-mill to buy off a few members of the Air Force, and you get hit with this shit at the get-go.  
A moment later the smile suddenly returned to his lips. 
Hello, Jackson, Bane here, the time has come my friend.
Bane let out a small laugh at something his converser said in reply, then retorted enthusiastically
  Excellent, so everything is go? 
Another, slightly longer, pause ensued, this time followed by an even louder laugh from Bane, before he turned his gaze back in to the room to reiterate the Generals last statement for the benefit of his three companions. 
So thats, fifteen minutes to strike initiation, after which, one-hundred and ninety F-22 fighter jets will release their viral payloads upon the most populated city of every lower forty-eight state. Ill tell you buddy, if you pull this one off, youll be the first in line for a knighthood. And I take it all forty eight allied bases have received their antidote supply from Langley? 
Once again, Bane paused for reply.
Excellent. And the twenty-four hour stopover in Cuba before the return flights to base? - All arranged, wonderful. Ill be in touch again in a few days time, just to confirm that everyone has received full payment. Charles has all the contact info for the Caymans.
Another short silence followed before the President hung up the phone. Standing to his feet, and picking up the silver attach case by his side, he pushed his bulky body through the men standing beside him and then turned to address them.
Fifteen minutes to faceoff gentlemen, fifteen minutes. Just enough time to pop open some champagne and settle down for the four-thirty news. Then, presuming everything goes to plan, itll be time for a little TV appearance of my own.  
*
Chapter 27
Nelson Catts Laboratory
In the main sector of the laboratory, Nelson Catts was busy working away at replenishing his stockpile of CATTS v9 antidote. It had been almost five hours since Elias and his new companions had filled him in with the, downright unbelievable, and somewhat ridiculous, revelations, which had culminated in their meeting at his lab, and being a disciple of science, rather than of ancient folklore, he had since taken it upon himself to immediately get back into the sanctity of his work. Back in Nelsons apartment quarters, Elias, Ivana and Alexia, had remained for the whole time since his departure, not once venturing out to check on his progress, or even to offer him so much as a helping hand.
All were no doubt, he presumed, far too busy with their vampiric bonding to bother with any need that a mere mortal might have. But now, with his eyes glazing over, and his body drained of nourishment, he decided to venture back into what was, for the moment at least, the lair of the vampires.
After tentatively entering his quarters and making sure that his guests were not all bloodletting or whatever it was they called it, he was relieved to see that all were just sitting on his sofa in front of the TV. 
Vampires watching the news, seen it all now. he mused to himself as he strolled over to their position.
On screen, WNC anchor Chet Caplen and his co-host  a woman named Alice Chambers  were going over the main points of the days events in London when they suddenly stopped their narrative and glanced towards each other with a look of bewilderment. 
Instantly tapping the small earpiece affixed to his right auricle, Chets wide-eyed facial expression immediately signalled that something extraordinary was going down, and after another cursory glance toward his equally disconcerted associate, he took it upon himself to inform the nation of the breaking news just conveyed to him by his producer.
Reports are coming in, that in the last few moments while we have been on air; a terrorist attack has apparently devastated the city of Wilmington, Delaware.
Chet then hesitated for a moment while he received more information via his earpiece.
Can we go live to the scene? Nonot yet.
Sorry folks, but these details are literally coming through to us live as I speak.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Chet, Alice butted in, Phillys been hit.
Confirmed?
Yes, confirmed.
Okay folks we appear to be having some technical difficulties brining you live pictures, but Im sure as-
Alice cut him short once more, Sorry Chet, but it now appears that along with those just mentioned, Newark, New Jersey, Atlanta, Georgia, Bridgeport, Connecticut and Boston, Massachusetts are also under attack.
A moment of on screen silence followed while Chet and Alice took stock of the information currently flooding into their earpiece comms. 
Nelson took this opportunity to take a seat on the arm of the sofa next to Elias. Both then exchanged a nervous glance in the others direction, but before either had the opportunity to express any opinions, Chet and Alice had regained their composure, and resumed transmission. Reading from a bundle of old fashioned printed notes, which had been passed over to both newsreaders, Chet led off.
In front of me I have a list of the cities that have, up until now, already been targeted, and further to the six previously mentioned, we can now confirm that the following seven have also been severely incapacitated. All having been infected with, what is now believed to be, the same deadly virus that was released in London earlier today. The seven are; Baltimore, Maryland, Columbia, South Carolina, Manchester, New Hampshire, Virginia Beach, Virginia, New York City, New York, Charlotte, North Carolina and finally Providence, Rhode Island. The total hit now stands at thirteen.
Chet, I believe we can patch into some live visuals from the scene unfolding in New York City. Alice confirmed.
Suddenly, live pictures from an unrecognisable city swathed in red vapour flicked onto the screen, but with no background commentary to advise the viewers of exactly which area of the metropolis the pictures were being broadcast from, the producers at WNC quickly switched back to their newscasters in the Washington studio.     
Not much to see at the moment, announced Chet, perhaps when the vapours thin out a little we will have a better idea of exactly what is taking place on the ground. 
Subsequent to yet another abrupt communications breakdown between the two newsreaders and their producer and after an additional ten-second silence in proceedings, Alice Chambers took the lead.
So thats confirmed and going live in twenty? she asked through her comms. 
Ms Chambers, now staring directly into the camera, and without the slightest precautionary glance toward her co-host, began to inform the nation of the breaking news that, only seconds ago, had been related to her through her earpiece. 
Residents of Washington, D.C., America, and beyond, I have just been informed that we, here, at WNC, have been granted the exclusive rights to broadcast an official emergency transmission from President Clayton Bane himself.  
We will now go over live to the Whitehouse.
Clayton Bane appeared on screen sitting behind a small desk, beside him, and to his right hand side, was what appeared to be a jewel encrusted crown sitting upon a metal stand. He cleared his throat, ran his fingers over his balding head, and with a smile on his lips, began his speech, a speech, which was written by his brother Charles Frederick.
Good citizens of America, I am in front of you today for two reasons. The first of which is to inform you, that I, your President, am officially calling an emergency referendum, on the basis of offering the American people a unique proposal.
The second, is to talk to you about this once great country of ours, and the deteriorating state of affairs, that we now find ourselves in.  
As you are all no doubt aware by now, military jets, laden with CATTS v9 virus, thats the red fog presently descending from your skylines, are, as I speak, currently releasing their payloads high above the streets of all major U.S. cities. These occurrences, I can assure you, are not, as most would presume, acts of terrorism, but are in actual fact, the home grown beginnings of a wonderfully historic period in American history. Please allow me to enlighten you.
It is my aim, to give you, the American people, the opportunity to help create a new establishment, a new Kingdom, in which to live our lives, free from corruption, persecution, fear and poverty, the four pestilences that have leached their way through every orifice of American society for the past two- hundred and forty years. 
I, Clayton Bane, want to live in an America, in which people are contented with their lives, where the everyday Joe, has the opportunity to make a better life for himself and his family, without having to worry about his employment being taken away by some disgusting, disease ridden, illegal immigrant, just because he will work the same job for a few bucks less.
I, Clayton Bane, want to live in an America, which believes in the fair treatment of all its citizens, regardless, of ethnic origin or religious belief.
I, Clayton Bane, want to live in an America where, its safe for our children to walk the thoroughfares of their own towns and cities without fear of some sub-human miscreant, attempting to pedal narcotics to them on every street corner in the land.
And finally, I, Clayton Bane, want to live in an America free from the despair of poverty, and where families with young children wonder where their next meal is going to come from.
So with all of the above in mind, and if like me, you to want to instil these life values into the very crux of our society, I implore you to keep listening.
Bane paused for a moment to have a sip of water and then continued.
This vision of mine, which at the moment is still in its infancy, can only be achieved from a brand new starting point. 
So it was my decision, that in order to get the ball rolling so to speak, the entire country would have to be forced into making a decision regarding their future. Hence the reason for the organised air strikes. 
These strikes are designed to have a two pronged effect. Firstly, it will rid the country of all the street dross responsible for ninety per cent of our countrys crime, and secondly, and more importantly, the intensity of the situation acts as a spur to get people voting on their future.
But before I inform you of my proposal, I feel it would be judicious of me to give you a brief account of the information which has spurred me into taking such drastic measures.  
Bane cleared his throat and, turning to his side, removed the crown from its stand then placed it on the desk.
A few years ago I found out by chance, that I was not in fact, wholly American. Subsequent to tracing my family ancestry, it was brought to my attention that I was actually half American, half British, and upon further investigation, I was stunned to find that, along with realising my new British roots, I was in actual fact, directly descended from the blue blood of British royalty. To say that I was dumbfounded by this revelation would be somewhat of an understatement. 
So with the aid of my good friend and colleague, Prime Minister Charles Frederick, who also has the very same blue blood coursing through his own system, I managed to trace my British familys origins right back to the eighteen-hundreds and specifically to my very distant grandfather Prince Frederick, Duke of York. 
After a considerable amount of historical delving, it came to light that it was Prince Fredericks aim to reclaim America in the name of his father, King George the 3rd, who had been ousted from power by the American revolutionaries. And had it not been for an unfortunate hunting accident in the forests of Prussia, and his untimely death thereafter, Prince Frederick would have, indeed, initiated this campaign with gusto. Alas to say, that when he died, his plans died with him.
I Clayton Bane, have now re-initiated these historical steps in his name, and it is my aim, to bring to fruition the legacy that he was so cruelly denied. 
I appreciate that some will say that I am insane and that some will not, numerous will be undecided, and countless, the more intelligent amongst you, will realise that what I am intending, goes a lot deeper than some fanatical family grudge. But most of you, Im sure, will realise that this is an ingenious way to move our country forward and out into a positive new era in the ethos of America.    
Now, with the history lesson concluded, let me get straight onto my proposal. Citizens of America, I want you to elect me as your King. In return for your loyalty, I will make you a promise. A promise that everyone within the New Kingdom of America will be handsomely rewarded, not only in monetary terms - for our new monarchic government is immeasurably wealthy - but also with the sanctity of life.
Those cities that vote with a favourable majority, will not only obtain all the prerequisites to enable a comprehensive new beginning, vast sums of money, development in modern infrastructures etcetera, they will also receive a city wide saturation of the CATTS v9 antidote, which, within only hours of deployment, will render the streets of the compliant virtually free of any lingering ill effects. Those that do not comply howeverwill be militarily isolated then left to rot until all natural life is extinct. The choice is now down to you. Here is how to vote.
Bane once again took a sip of water, and then cleared his throat in readiness for the final part of his speech. 
He then continued, Registering your vote could not be easier, simply log on to our specially constructed website, www. USvote.com, and follow the on screen instructions. 
After verifying your eligibility, you will then be asked one simple yes or no question. The question being: Do you wish to be part of the new Kingdom of America? All votes will be electronically counted on a state-by-state, first in, first declared, basis. 
All that s left for me to say is, the future of America is now in the hands of its people; thank you for listening. 
On that note, the emergency presidential broadcast abruptly ended and programming now switched back to a rather flabbergasted looking Chet Caplin and Alice Chambers back in the WNC studio. In a vain attempt to remain composed and professional, both newscasters squared their hand written notes into alignment, using the desk in front of them, and returned their gaze toward the camera. Chet, recovering his poise, was first to speak, and began to analyse a particular statement made by the President. 
Just to pick up on one point made by Clayton Bane, it would appear from his announcement that the states of Hawaii and Alaska, not being in the lower forty-eight, are excluded from voting, so folks if you are watching this broadcast from either of those two states, it now appears that you are exempt
Sorry to butt in Chet, but I have just received information that Washington, D.C. has now also fallen victim to the viral attack, and
Chet turned to Alice and raised his left hand up to her face in order to silence her, then raised his right to his earpiece. Looking back into the camera, he informed the viewers of the communication.    
Sorry folks, WNC will now be taking a short break in transmission to secure our building. We will be back soon.
Three seconds later, the broadcast abruptly ended, leaving all those watching, staring at a blank screen.  
*
Elias flew up from the sofa and smashed his fist hard against the TV screen, shattering the glass frontage into a thousand tiny mosaic fragments.   
We have to kill him; simple as that, he rasped toward Nelson, he cant be allowed to get away with this. I always knew Bane was unhinged, but this, this is the act of a tyrant, a total lunatic, how the hell does he expect to get away with it?
Because he knows that people have no choice but to vote for him to save their own lives, thats how he expects to get away with it. responded the scientist, And that was a brand new TV Penchansky!
But he is going to exterminate millions of innocent people on the way. Elias snapped back, He must be stopped. Its too late to halt the bombing attacks, but its not too late to prevent his plans ever coming to fruition.
What about the virus? Nelson asked, recovering his equanimity, how can you get to him without travelling through infected streets? 
Elias, in his fury, had overlooked this small, but vital, detail, which resulted in him calming down a little.
We are probably immune from this virus, advised Ivana Our DNA renders us virtually invulnerable to infection. 
Why dont we do a test? stated Alexia, who, up until this point, had remained very quiet. Nelson has the antidote, so if it appears that the virus is having an ill effect on the test subject, the infected person can take it and recover.
Good idea, but whos going to be the lab rat? Nelson smiled, while scanning his eyes over his three freaky guests.
I will do it. pronounced Elias, Go get me a vial of the stuff and a dose of the antidote, just in case. 
Retaining the smile on his lips, Nelson left his apartment quarters and departed into the laboratory. And when he returned, only a few minutes later, he was garbed from head to toe in a white biohazard suit, and clutching two large, clear-glass ampoules, between his white-gloved fingers.
Approaching him with gusto, Elias removed both vials from the scientists hands, and after checking with him, which one contained the virus  using the universal head-nod system of detection  he instantly poured half of its contents down his throat. All in the room, even Ivana, appeared shocked at the swiftness of his actions, and all stood in nervous silence awaiting the outcome.     
Five, intense, minutes later, Nelson finally gave him the thumbs up to indicate all was fine. Relief flooded the room.  
Pointing to the vial of antidote which still remained gripped in his test subjects hand, Nelson then made a quick drinking motion indicating that it should be taken just as a precautionary measure. Elias duly obliged. 
With the experiment now over, and with his test subject displaying no ill effects, the scientist detached the protective hood from his bio-suit and turned to face the Commander. 
You should have been dead four minutes ago, how do you feel? 
Fine, Elias replied calmly, I feel absolutely fine.
No blurred vision, stomach cramps, shortness of breath
Im fine Catts. he snapped, cutting the inquisitive scientist of mid-analysis, Now can we just get on with the job at hand?
Nelson, feeling more than a little irritated by the Commanders distinct lack of interest in what was, after all, the first time that such an experiment had ever been conducted upon a person of his uniqueness, turned away in disgust and headed in the direction of the exit. Ivana Vasilyevich, who was now standing right beside Elias, was also anxious to get on with things, but first took it upon herself to declare an advisory note.
Commander, I feel a word of caution is required before our departure. We must not fail in this calling. We are obligated to the Supreme Mother to ensure that Bane is stopped, and under no circumstance allowed to succeed with his plans to alter the world order. Our destiny, and the destiny of our kind, now relies solely on our conjoined efforts.  
Hes a dead man sister! Elias responded sternly, So if were through with wasting valuable time; I, sorry, we, have a President to kill.
Elias placed the vial containing the remainder of the CATTS v9 virus into his pocket, and then swiftly shadowed Nelson to the exit. Behind him, Ivana Vasilyevich and Alexia Valentine followed on in silence.
*
Chapter 28
Washington, D.C.
Taking the jeep, Elias and his two passengers left the safety of Nelsons lab behind them and headed across the Anacostia River en-route towards the Whitehouse. The journey through the streets of the city was proving to be exceptionally challenging, not only because of the sheer amount of stagnant traffic they were encountering, but also because of the extremely  poor visibility caused by the low lying toxic red vapour. Now, thirty minutes after their departure, they finally came to a grinding halt where Pennsylvania Ave NW intersects with 15th street NW. Surrounding them, cars, vans, trucks and busses, housing the shadowy silhouettes of the departed, were randomly strewn across all four lanes of the thoroughfare, making any further vehicular advancement unmanageable. Realising they would have to travel the remainder of the way on foot, Elias, Ivana and Alexia exited the jeep. 
Standing in the smog-veiled street, Elias found it difficult to decipher if there were any survivors, but judging from intuitive first impressions, he thought it highly unlikely. Suddenly, a vast and cataclysmic bolt of white lightning radiated through the upper haze, instantaneously changing the thick and contagious vapours from a deep shade of burning magma; into a vast and abstract fusion of bright yellows and scorched pinks. This abrupt and blazing flash allowed all three onlookers a glimpse of the human massacre that lined all four sides of the intersection, and to view first-hand, the utter devastation that currently surrounded their position. Thousands lay dead; contorted and grotesque, their limbs and torsos convulsed in the early stages of rigor mortis. And even though the lightning illumination vanished with the swiftness of its arrival, it was now obvious that all within reach were way beyond the realms of redemption.
With nothing to be done for the dead, Elias, Ivana and Alexia began their walk to the Whitehouse.
Steadily, they progressed towards their destination, until, only a few yards from their South Lawn entry point, Elias stopped dead in his tracks. Out from the corner of his eye, something peculiar had caught his attention. 
There was a woman, a crying woman, kneeling by the kerbside; her head resting in her outstretched arms, unmoving. Inside his mind, a malevolent dread rapidly began to surface, promptly accompanied by the deep and penetrating feeling of Dj vu. Had he encountered this woman before? Under these very circumstances? The poise of her pose  head slumped within the crook of her arm  and her flowing raven hair had a familiarity way beyond the dominion of mere coincidence. 
Leaving Ivana and Alexia behind, he strolled hypnotically over to her position, and after hunkering down by her side, asked her why she was crying. With no response forthcoming, he raised the womans forehead up from its fold. 
With her appearance now revealed, a shockwave of horror violated every aspect of his animation, rendering him utterly incapable of the slightest physical movement. For in his clutch, and exuding every lure and hypnotic countenance of the vengeful demoness, was the idiosyncratic doppelgnger of Ivana Vasilyevich; her foreboding gaze, penetrating deep into his soul.
Suddenly, all around him, the street-level vapours began to recede, revealing in their wake the mass of dead on the ground. Their facial expressions locked in the twisted anguish of their departure; their eyes haemorrhaging from blood-encrusted scleras. Immediately, the demoness gaze lurched downward, and in an unknown language of antiquity, she began to mouth some incoherent, fear-provoking, incantation, utterly alien to his understanding. And the dead began to rise.   
Now totally encircled by their debauched appearances and gore-oozing carcasses, he could only look on helplessly, as they began to gouge their emaciated razor sharp talon-like fingers deep into his flesh and bone. Terror-struck and rooted to the spot, consciousness began to fail him. As his legs buckled from under him, he dropped to the ground, and the merciful cloak of visionless oblivion enveloped his every sense.  
*
Penchansky, Penchansky, Penchansky! someone was shouting. 
Whats happened to him? another asked. 
Gradually, Elias felt his awareness beginning to return, and as he slowly opened his eyes, he was relieved to find, the tangible, Ivana Vasilyevich kneeling down by his side, 
The demon- doppelgnger and her phantasms had vanished. Once again, he found himself surrounded by the thick veil of red mist.
The woman, he whispered to Ivana, it was you.
What woman? 
The demon womanjust thereon the kerbside.It was you.
Ivana shot Elias a look of confusion. What the hell was he talking about? There was no woman, she thought to herself.
Refraining from pushing him any further, recognising all the signs of an apparent hallucinogenic apparition, she grabbed his hands and hoisted him to his feet.
Directly in front of them, another colossal bolt of lightning volleyed down from above, this one, striking the rooftop of the Whitehouse and illuminating its southern grounds.  
With composure regained, and the route to their final destination displayed by the incandescent blaze, Elias, Ivana and Alexia, set off once more in their quest to kill a tyrant.
*
Chapter 29
The Whitehouse
Down in the underground command centre, Mitch Donald and Harvey Brewster were busy monitoring the early stages of the voting. One hour had passed since the widespread release of the virus, and even though there had been quite a flurry of website activity, it was still too early in the process to judge with any accuracy which state would be the first to register their declaration.
Over in the seating area, Clayton Bane and Charles Frederick were currently enjoying a bottle of fine vintage port, relaxing, and feeling individually self-satisfied with the success of the operation so far. The only drawback to the situation, as far as Bane was concerned, was that they would all have to remain cooped up in the underground cell area for at least another few days. With the effects of the alcohol kicking in, and fed up with just sitting around, waiting for the first results of his referendum to come in, he decided that he would have a little fun at his brother expense, nothing vicious, just a few whimsical comments to alleviate some of the boredom. Staring across at his brother, he let out a sigh and began to nod his head.
Got something on your mind brother? Charles politely asked, taking the bait. 
No no. Clayton answered smugly, Was just wondering how it feels to be in the presence of a King? 
Charles returned the haughty look; the contemptuous comment riling him out of his relaxed mood. Oh if only you knew, he mused to himself while holding Banes stare, if only you knew what I have in store for you once this is all over. King for a day my contemptuous American friend, is all you will ever be. He knew that Bane was endeavouring to take a rise out of him, so half-joking, half-earnest, he dutifully played along.
Well Ive been meaning to talk to you about that old boy.
Oh have you now? Bane retorted, his smile easing slightly.
Yes Im afraid so. Ive been having a little think to myself, and have come to the conclusion that you are not quite King material, perhaps it would be better for the country if I were to take the title.
Very good Charles Bane laughed, That English wit of yours. You know that kind of talk could get you into serious trouble. What do they call it again, when you show disloyalty to the King?
High treason old boy, we call it high treason.
Treason thats it, I could have you executed for talk like that, hung, drawn and quartered. 
Not if I got to you first you couldnt. And if I killed you first, I would also have direct ascension to the throne. Hadnt thought about that, had you?
Sensing the change in his brothers mood, Bane stood up and lifted the now empty bottle of port from the table.
This ones dead, he stated, Im off to get another.
Good idea, but I think I need to use the little boys room first, which door is it?
Its the double door on your left. Bane replied looking over his shoulder, while walking towards the kitchen.
Charles Frederick rose from his seat and ambled over to what he presumed was the entrance to the bathroom, and once through the other side, closed the door behind him. Beyond, lay a rather gloomy staircase, so with a careful step, he began his descent. Halfway down, the sound of the door opening behind him rooted him to the spot; gazing back up the staircase, he could just make out the bulky silhouette of Clayton Bane perched at the top.    
You need too? He called back, It must have been the port, goes right through you like a dose of the skits. 
Yeh must be the port. replied Bane The light switch is on the right wall next to the final step; click it on when you reach it.
At the bottom of stairs, Charles palmed the wall to his right-hand side, and sure enough, there was the switch, flicking it downward, the room illuminated into view.
Gazing in disbelief at the contents of the chamber where he now stood, he turned around to face his brother on the steps.
What the hell Clayton, surely this is not the toilet; it looks more like a knackers-yard floor.
Stepping off the final step and into the chamber itself, Charles began to stare at the scene in front of him.
The surrounding walls of the chamber were of the same insipid grey concrete as the command centre above, but it was the main floor area of the room, which disturbed him the most. Entirely covered with a sandy looking soil; at its centre, lay a row of five mounds. Four of these mounds looked to be approximately two feet in diameter and about six feet in length, while the fifth mound, a much smaller mound, was of the same approximate width, but only half the length.    
You got moles down here old boy? he laughed nervously, continuing to gaze at the bizarrely shaped mounds of sand If so, they must be bloody huge ones.
Bane offered no reply. 
Remaining captivated, Charles walked further into the vault heading straight towards the row of peculiar looking mounds, and a few moments later, came to a stop beside the smallest one. From this central position he could view the chamber in its entirety, and upon scanning his eyes over towards the back wall, he immediately observed a small mechanical excavator. Attached to the side of the digger, he noticed a collection of picks and shovels of various sizes, and mounted up against the wall to their immediate right, stood a curious assortment of wooden burial caskets. At this point, it became obvious to Charles that this was not actually the bathroom, but was in fact, some kind of makeshift graveyard. Quickly realising he was standing beside a row of unmarked graves; a sudden and violent chill surged through his system. As he turned around to confront his brother, in search of an explanation, he was stunned to find him standing only a few feet from his person, with a revolver clutched in his hand. Dumfounded with shock, Charles struggled to form any intelligible question concerning either, the graveyard, or the fact that Clayton Bane was currently aiming a gun at his chest. Picking up on this subtle fact, Bane decided to enlighten him.   
You know Charles, on my way to the kitchen a rather sinister though popped into my mind. 
Really. Charles mumbled his stare unflinching from the gun in Banes hand. 
Yes, regarding the comment that you made, you know, the comment about how if you were to simply kill me, that you would have direct ascension to the throne.
I was just fooling around old boy.
Charles mentally cursed himself at the stupidity of disclosing his plans, and even though it was simply intended as a flippant retort to his brothers goading, it had obviously planted a seed of paranoia deep within his mind.
No really, Bane resumed, I mean what could stop you from killing me and taking my place? It would be quite an easy thing to do, wouldnt it? Just wait until Im King, and then, when my back was turned, boom, bullet to the head. Sorry Charles, but I simply cant afford to take that chance. 
Trust me Clayton that thought has never crossed my mind, not once, besides, you and I are a team. Were brothers for goodness sake.
Yes it did Charles! Bane snapped The thought did cross your mind; otherwise we would not be having this conversation.  
As the heady mix of fury and anxiety began to swirl its way through Charless brain, the contrasting and focusing sensation of survival suddenly overcame all, and he quickly came to the conclusion that the only way out of the situation he now found himself in, was to make a last ditch attempt toward brotherly reconciliation. 
Remember Clayton, if not for me, you would have absolutely no clue as to your rightful heritage, and at this very moment in time, would be nothing more than a washed up President in his last days of office. You could not have gotten this far without me. 
Charles instantly bit his lower lip with anger and frustration. That was not what he had meant to say at all, but internal rage had totally outweighed diplomacy.  
Well thanks for the history lesson Charles; and youre right, I couldnt have done this without you, but the fact still remains I just dont feel I can trust you anymore.
Come on brother, let us go back upstairs, open that bottle of fine port, and get all of this off our chests in a civilised manner. Im sure we can come to-
Do you have any last requests? Bane asked, cutting Charles off mid plea.
Yes of course I do Clayton, I want you to realise that you are making a huge mistake here, surely we can come to some sort of arrangement.
No mistake and no arrangement. Anything else?
Charles forced a smile, In that case, can I have the revolver old boy? 
Bane laughed out loud, That English wit of yours Charles, Im gonna miss that.
Okay forget the gun, just give me the bullets. II 
Goodbye Charles.
Charless Fredericks eyes narrowed in terror as he watched Banes index finger slowly tense against the guns trigger. 
He knew his time had come. He was actually going to die. 
Somewhere, out from the depths of his despairing mind, the unexpected appearance of his wife Arabella, forced its way to the forefront of his thoughts. The image portrayed was one of youthful splendour, of the attractive, young and healthy woman that she once was. She was smiling and laughing at something he had said - no doubt some charming comment regarding her remarkable beauty - and was reaching out to him with her palms open in readiness to clasp with his own. They were deeply in love and they had the whole world at their feet. It was their wedding day. Upon recognition of this happy time, the mental image was instantly replaced by another altogether more ominous one. Arabella appeared once more, this time though, she was staring back at him through solemn and world-weary eyes of discontent. She appeared to be seething with anger at something he had just said. Her hands, those very same hands that instants ago were reaching for his embrace, were now desperately undulating to and fro directly in front of his face. Then he remembered, that was the day of the test results, the results of the fertility test that had changed their lives forever, and the results that had denied him any chance of a son and heir. As the image faded from his mind, all that remained behind was a deep feeling of sorrow. He had failed his wife at every turn since that fateful day, eventually leaving her to die alone at the family mansion, to die an awful and agonising death, while he made a new life for himself in America. He only had himself to blame, he knew that, just as he knew that his own demise was but a split second away. The revelation though, did not make things any easier to endure. A singular tear of emotion broke free from behind his narrowed eyelids, and after bowing his head in shame; he dropped to his knees in front of his executioner.  
Opposite him, with the smile still engaged on his lips, Clayton Bane slowly squeezed the trigger. And as he watched Charles Fredericks body slump, face-forward, onto the sandy soil beside his feet, an instantaneous emotion of regret surged into his conscience. Not a remorseful regret though, just a regret that hed failed to make him dig his own grave.
*
Thirty minutes after recovering from his nightmare vision, Elias led Ivana and Alexia into the main building of the Whitehouse. They climbed up and entered via the broken stained glass window, which had once housed the depiction of George Washington  the same window that Elias had escaped from earlier  and now found themselves standing in the long corridor that led to the underground cell area. Inside, a rubicund mist prevailed over everything, giving the entire south faade of the building an evil and dark hue. The corridor was totally deserted. 
After taking a moment to familiarise himself with his surroundings, Elias instinctively knew there could only be one place, one safe place, in the entire building, where Clayton Bane could be hiding out. Without a word to his companions, he turned to his left and headed for the staircase that led down to the cells; behind him, Ivana and Alexia followed on.
At the bottom, all three came to a halt in front of the security door; tightly sealed, it appeared impenetrable. 
Shit! Elias cursed to himself, after noticing the fingerprint scanner attached to the wall.
Whats the problem Elias? asked Ivana, her tone flat and slightly scathing.
We need an authorised finger to get access, I totally forgot about the stupid scanner system.  
Ivana stared back at him with a look of derision in her eyes.
So clever, yet so nave Commander, watch and learn. 
Pushing Elias aside, she proceeded to smash a clenched fist hard into the scanners glass screen, shattering it into four large pieces. Next, from inside the units works, she wrenched out a small circuit board, and clasping it tight within her hand, yanked the entire workings clean out from the surrounding metal housing. The units internal wiring immediately began to spark furiously before suddenly, the mechanism as a whole, burst into flames. Ivana removed her hand from the burning contrivance, and just as she did so, the apparently impenetrable door, gradually opened to reveal the cell area beyond. 
Its a built in safety device, Ivana informed a stunned looking Elias, In the event of a fire, the door opens automatically to allow for emergency exit. 
Bravo. Elias murmured, as he entered the corridor ahead of his two cohorts. 
Scanning his eyes along the full length of the white-tiled passageway, he was relieved to see, that in addition to being toxic vapour free, it was also free from any armed security guards. Moving inside, he held the door ajar to allow Ivana and Alexia to step through in front of him, and once all were in, he closed the unlocked door behind them.
*
In the command centre, at the other end of the corridor from where Elias and Co were currently standing, Mitch Donald and Harvey Brewster were instantly alerted of the intruders presence via the motion sensor security cameras perched high above the main doorway. Recognising that one of them was Commander Elias Penchansky sent both of them into a heightened state of panic. Jumping up from their positions in front of the monitor screens, they immediately headed off to inform their boss of the situation. After a quick and fruitless search of the lounge and kitchen areas to locate him, they quickly deduced that he was either, in the bathroom, or down among the daunting echoes of burial chamber. Splitting up, Brewster took the bathroom section, while Donald ran down the stairs into the creepy room that lay below. At the bottom of the stair, Mitch Donald immediately spotted his superior digging a hole in the floor using the small mechanical excavator. And Bane, upon witnessing his senior advisor running over towards him waving his arms in the air like a man possessed, immediately stopped what he was doing and shut off the diggers engine.    
What the hells the matter Mitch, cant you see Im busy here? Bane barked at his senior advisor, who had finally come to a stop beside him.
Wheezing from his descent and anxious to relate his news, Mitch Donald could only manage to blurt out the basic facts.  
We have intrudersin the main corridorPenchansky and two women
Penchansky! Bane shrieked, Naw, thats impossible.
Im telling you sirits himits Elias Penchanskyand hes with two women. They are on the security monitors.
Clayton Banes face dropped as he pondered over his senior advisors babbling statement. It was unquestionably impossible, ridiculous even, that Elias could be here, come to think of it, how anyone could be here, when the entire city was smothered in a deadly toxic virus, just did not make any sense. Then why was his best man down here gibbering on about intruders, he must have seen somethingbut what?
Okay Mitch, you got my attention. Lets go check out these intruders of yours.
Bane squeezed himself out from the digger, and with his senior advisor right behind him, ambled as fast as he could up the stairs and back into the main command centre. Both men instantly rushed over to the monitor screens, where Harvey Brewster - who upon finding the bathroom empty  had returned to his station. 
Theyre in the corridor sir, Brewster confirmed, while tapping his finger on the closed-circuit TV screen, and thats Elias Penchansky.  
Clayton Bane could not believe what he was witnessing, he could clearly see for himself exactly who the man was, he did not need his chief of staff to point this out to him, but what in hells name was he doing back here - with two strange, although very alluring women - at a time when the entire city was under attack from a viral infection? 
Why is he not dead already? Bane yelled, punching the monitor screen in front of him. Thats it, enough is enough.
Mitch, Harvey, go get, some big ass guns, out of that cabinet over there, and get out into that corridor. 
I want them all dead, you hear me, DEAD! 
*
Out in the passageway, Elias, Ivana and Alexia had been searching the cells for any signs of life. Starting with cubicles one and two, they had removed the doors  by simply kicking them in  and were now in the process of investigating cells three and four. Finding nothing of interest so far, all that remained for them to do, in this area anyway, was a quick search of compartment five  the interrogation room that Elias was already familiar with - compartment six  where his crew had been held -and last of all the security office. After that, there was only one door left; the one situated at the extreme far end of the corridor.
Coming to a stop outside the chamber in which he had spent quite a few uneasy hours, Elias wondered to himself what he might find inside. The last time he had been in this room, he had left behind two dead bodies; his first kill as a changed creature, being one of them. 
Directly across the hallway from where he stood, Elias could see that compartment six was definitely empty; with its door having been previously destroyed, an unrestricted view of the interior was offered without having to enter its confines.  
Turning back to face the entrance to the interrogation room, he wondered if, it too, remained unlocked, pushing an elbow against its fascia, revealed that it was. All three entered.
*
Armed with high calibre assault rifles, plus a substantial dose of adrenalin, Mitch Donald and Harvey Brewster hurtled out from the command centre and into the passageway. A little taken aback upon finding it empty, both came to the swift conclusion that the intruders had obviously entered one of the cells. At pace, the two men swept up to the nearest of the six compartments and, just like Elias, after a quick glance into empty cell six, opted to strike the room opposite.
*
Elias, Ivana and Alexia had been in the interrogation room for fewer than thirty seconds when, from the area over by the entrance, the grinding and crashing clatter of steel suddenly shattered the atmosphere. The door, straining on a single hinge, crashed inward and thundered against the internal wall; two heavily armed men, dressed in dark business suits, stood menacingly within the ingress. Elias immediately recognised the men as Banes senior advisor - Mitch Donald  and his chief of staff - Harvey Brewster. Without warning, both gunmen opened fire, indiscriminately sweeping the entire chamber with high calibre bullets. Penchanskys survival instincts took control. Thrusting his large frame into the upper torsos of Ivana and Alexia with wide and outstretched arms, all three bundled to the floor and took cover behind the large metal base of the interrogation slab. Within seconds of being out of sight, the deafening blaze of gunfire abruptly ceased, and in its place, through the lingering smoky dark-grey haze, came the slow, and deliberately over exaggerated, sound of laughter. 
Why dont you die with a little dignity Penchansky. one of their attackers - Elias could not tell Brewsters voice from Donalds - called out from the gloom, Resistance is futile, there is no escape.  
Make it easy on yourself. shouted the other gunman, You are all going to die, so why prolong the agony? 
An almost blinding upwelling of wrath swept through the Commanders system as he tried to figure out his next move. He knew - from first-hand experience - that bullets could not kill a being of his kind outright, but they could mercilessly incapacitate, causing serious weakness due to the effects of severe blood loss. But he had to do something, he could not stay hiding behind the slab in the hope that Brewster and Donald would just give up and leave, that was ridiculous. And if he failed to show himself, Banes two henchmen would probably storm over to their position all guns blazing. He decided that a faceoff was the only way forward.   
With his intentions now fixed in his mind, he began looking around the immediate vicinity for anything that resembled a weapon. Checking the nearby floor area, his hand grasped upon something metal, something that when he held it up for inspection, he recognised immediately. It was the metal spike that Clayton Bane had almost driven straight into his heart. With vengeful rancour surging through his veins, he stood to his feet and began to walk slowly towards the enemy; the two foot long spike, camouflaged behind his wrist and forearm.
As he approached their position the haze of gun-smoke began to clear a little, and when he came to a stop - about ten feet away from where the gunmen were standing - he could now see that both were positioned side by side - Brewster to his left, Donald to his right - with their backs up against the huge mirrored viewing wall; weapons raised, in anticipation of his appearance. With widening grins, Donald and Brewster now glared into his eyes.    
Thats a good boy Elias. Brewster sneered I knew youd see sense. Now raise your hands so I can get a clear shot.
The Commander refused to comply.
I said raise your hands, raise them, NOW!
Elias knew he had to strike first. 
Inverting the lethal apex of the steel spike downwards, he pounced toward Mitch Donald with such an aggressive swiftness of movement that the senior advisor had absolutely no time to react; thrusting the entire length of the cone-shaped spear so forcefully into his abdomen, that its tip penetrated straight through his spinal column before protruding clean out the other side; his still quivering and open-eyed carcass buckled to the floor. To his immediate left, Harvey Brewster was standing in a state of shock brought on by the sheer ferocity of the attack on his cohort. But before Elias had time to switch his attentions towards him, the chief of staff had raised his weapon and pulled the trigger. The ensuing shot, although startling, was well wayward, whizzing clean past Penchanskys left side and out into the murk beyond. 
Suddenly, Ivana Vasilyevich charged past his side and in one rapid and violent motion  similar to that of his own - she had Brewster clutched by neck with one hand and his assault rifle gripped in the other. Yanking the gun from his grasp, she hurtled it out into the gloom. With his only form of protection displaced, fright immediately took hold of him, witnessing the blind panic swell in his eyes; Ivana instinctively increased her death grip. Brutally hoisting the practically cataleptic Harvey Brewster clean off his feet, she slammed his body hard against the mirrored wall behind him; her nails piercing so deeply into his throat, that his blood began to ooze through her fingers and trickle off her palm onto the floor beneath. With Brewsters eyes rolling in their sockets, and with his nose now bleeding profusely, Elias, who was beholding the slow execution from only a few feet away, knew that the chief of staff was only instants from death.
A sudden thought flashed into his mind, a thought that if he failed to act upon it immediately, it would be too late.
Harvey Brewster knew where Bane was hiding out, whether he would tell them, or physically could, tell them  due to his current condition  remained unknown, but there was only one way to find out. Reaching out, he grasped Ivana by the shoulder.  
Wait! he cried out, let him go, dont kill him. 
Why should I?  She asked in a disturbingly calm tone, her clutch on Brewsters neck remaining merciless.  
He can tell us where to find Bane.
So what. she replied, her tenor unchanged. He must be down here somewhere. Where else could he be?
Ivanalet him go, IvanaIVANA!
Grudgingly, she released her grip, and allowed Brewsters body to crumple to the ground beside the corpse of his comrade. Gasping for breath, he was obviously still alive. Elias knelt down by his side and raised his head from the floor, and after allowing him a few moments to regain some self-control, began with his questioning.
Wheres Bane? he asked while staring into Brewsters glazed over eyes, Tell me where I can find him.  
Why the hell would I tell you that, youll just kill me anyway? Brewster responded in a hoarse rasp.  
Tell me where he is, and I might just spare you.
Brewster attempted to laugh, causing him to cough up a rather horrendous looking blood clot.
Fuck you PenchanskyI ainttellin you shit.
You want to end up like the man lying beside you Harvey? Guts hanging inside out, piss running down your legs?
Brewster grinned indignantly, Everyones gottadie somehow. 
Elias had had enough and, with his inkling proving fruitless, he lifted Mitch Donalds assault rifle off the floor beside his corpse and immediately headed towards the gaping doorway to recommence his search for Bane. 
Hes all yours he shouted back to Ivana referring to the crumpled figure of Harvey Brewster laying at her feet, Just make sure he suffers.  
As Elias left the room, Ivana leant over to resume her grip around Brewsters neck, but just as she did so, Alexia Valentine - who up until now had remained in hiding - suddenly appeared behind her. Turning around to face her fledgling, Ivana could clearly see that Alexia had been shaken by the traumatic events that had just taken place. Reaching out to her, both firmly embraced, and with tightly woven arms clasped in alignment, they closed their eyes and rested their heads on the opposites shoulder. A few moments passed before Alexia, sensing a subtle change in the surrounding atmosphere, gradually opened her eyes. Before her, and standing upright behind her sires back, stood the unsteady and haggard frame of Harvey Brewster; above his head, a blood drenched metal spike was in the throes of a deadly plunge. Instinctively, she thrust her sire aside knocking her to the floor, but in her self-sacrificing act of audaciousness, the full brunt of the plummeting steel shaft plunged unswervingly deep into her own heart. And as her gore-sodden and blood-drained body collapsed onto the white-tiled floor beneath where she stood, she could just make out the shadowy, and fading image, of the woman that had finally made her life complete; the only individual that had ever given her the love that she had so longed for since birth. With the icy hand of death, enveloping her from within, her world gently faded to darkness. 
Standing over the dead body of Alexia Valentine, and feeling highly elated with the outcome of his efforts, Harvey Brewster smiled contentedly. 
One bitch down, two to go. He laughed croakily while sneering down at her corpse.
Back on her feet, a world of hate seethed through Ivanas mind. In one fluent stride she was upon Brewster; clutching him by the hair, wrenching his eyes skyward. Brewster attempted to put up a fight, but Ivanas strength was so overpowering, all he could really do was grasp the hand that seized him in an effort to relieve some of the pain. Tilting his neck back to almost breaking point, Ivana raised her free hand high above her head, then, in one foul swoop, plunged her clawed and razor-like fingernails deep into his ribcage, gouging out his heart where he stood. Listing her head to one side in a fake display of empathy, she presented the still beating organ directly in front of Brewsters disbelieving eyes, before cramming the entire haemorrhaging body part into his limp and slack-jawed mouth. 
With her first act of vengeance now taken, Ivana released her grip and allowed Brewsters carcass to drop to the ground. 
Rushing to Alexias side, she yearned to find just a flicker of life remaining within her fledglings body; instantly distraught, when she realised that all trace had vanished.
Ivana raised Alexias wilted body from the floor, and with tears of anguish streaming down her disconsolate features, gently placed it upon the interrogation slab. Where, in keeping with ancient Nyrbtorian tradition, she would perform the deified rite of passage, the elemental ritual of the transient and dormant soul, which grants all blood-kindred spirits unrestricted passageway into the sanctified and fiery realms of the Supreme Mother. For Erzsbet Bthory, loves each and every one of her children.  
*
Chapter 30
Five minutes had passed since Elias had left the interrogation room, and after firstly heading to the security office  only to find it empty  he now found himself standing in front of the very end door in the corridor  the only door still to be checked. Noticing that, it too, had a fingerprint scanner entry system, he decided that, rather than attempting to copy Ivanas smash and grab technique, the assault rifle he was carrying would almost certainly do the same job. Raising the gun to shoulder height, he took aim and fired three rounds straight into the units glass panel, and just as he anticipated, the structure abruptly burst into flames releasing the adjacent security lock.   
Entering the room beyond, he immediately realised that this was definitely Banes command centre, having almost everything a self-righteous tyrant would need to run a country. To his right a huge bank of computers and monitors dominated the entire wall and to his left stood a singular massive storage container clearly labelled as munitions. Up against the end wall he could see a kitchen come food storage area, and over to its right  to the other side of three large doors - a living space complete with bunk style beds. Before he had a chance to complete his examination, suddenly, from the area over by the kitchen, he heard what he could only described as a loud popping sound; raising his rifle, he carefully headed in the direction of the noise. A little over halfway across, the subtle click of a firearms hammer rooted him to the spot; seconds later, and with a Godlike self-confidence, Clayton Bane finally swaggered into view; magnum revolver in one hand, bottle of champagne in the other.
Elias, what the hell took you so long? You must be losing your touch old man. he laughed toward the still transfixed Commander. 
Come, help me celebrate, the first result of my referendum has just come through. I am now, officially, the King of Wyoming; them cowboys certainly know whats good for emYe Ha!
Pointing his gun in the air, Bane fired off two rounds hillbilly style before sitting himself down at the table in the lounge area. 
Elias detected that Clayton Bane appeared to be highly intoxicated; whats more, it also seemed that he was suffering from some kind of power-mad mental hysteria. 
With the assault rifle held firmly across his chest, he walked over and sat down opposite his nemesis.  
Im guessing my men are dead then? Bane asked flicking the barrel of his revolver at the rifle in Penchanskys hands. 
I know one is, he replied, the other may well be. My partners are taking care of him now.
Ah, your lady companions, I saw them on the monitor, one of them was very good looking.
Ivana Vasilyevich. revealed Elias.
Youre kidding; I was supposed to meet up with her after things settled down, she looks like a little doll. 
Bane took another large swig from the bottle of champagne, and then returned his eyes to the man opposite.
Why are you here Elias? 
Isnt it obvious, Im here to kill you Clayton, why else would I be here?
So what are you waiting for?
Elias offered only a tight-lipped smile in reply.
Bane continued to hold his gaze until, after a few more moments stare off, the answer to his own question suddenly came to him. 
You want me to make the first move, dont you Elias? Then your retaliation is strictly in self-defence. You and your ethical ways; you know that type of hesitation could get you killed.
Its that moral integrity that sets you and me apart Bane! Elias snapped back, See unlike you, Ive never killed anyone that didnt have it coming to them. You on the other hand, think its perfectly acceptable to unleash a toxic virus on millions of people, then turn around and expect them to vote for you.   
Bane nodded his head in agreement.  
I guess your right Elias. But once Im King, I promise Ill mend my ways, and all good citizens of the New Kingdom of America will be richly rewarded for their inconvenience.   
Elias shook his head in abhorrence at Banes frighteningly lackadaisical attitude to mass murder.    
Speaking of the virus, why have you not been infected? 
Im immune. Elias replied with a faint smirk.
Immune! Whats my luck eh, I release a virus that kills almost instantly and it has no effect on the one man I hate.
Sorry to disappoint. 
Bane let out a small snigger.
Never mind, I guess Ill just have to kill you the old fashioned way.
You can try-
Clayton Bane pulled the revolvers trigger, instantly dispatching a .45 calibre bullet straight toward the man sat opposite, upon impact, it shattered into the assault rifles ejection port sending the gun spinning from his grasp.
With Elias still in mid recoil owing to the unexpectedness of the attack, Bane instinctively pulled the trigger once more. 
This time he was awarded with a direct hit; the bullet spearing through Penchanskys left shoulder hurtling him onto the tiled floor. Bane rose from his seat to stand over his prey, and then waited until his target slowly revolved around to stare up at him. Pulling back the hammer in a final act of defiant one-upmanship, he aimed the gun squarely at his rivals head.
Well I guess this is it comrade. Bane grinned, Im really gonna enjoy digging your grave Elias, think Ill bury you in beside Jimi the Hitman, I know how you two got along so swell.    
Deliberately taking his time over the final act of execution, Bane had relished his moment for a little too long. From the ground beside his feet, Elias struck. 
His first blow, a fast, mighty and rigid punch straight into the fat mans groin area; the resulting spasm of pain causing him not only to double in two, but also to release the final round from his revolver, which shattered into the tiles only inches from his head. His second blow, a more powerful and up-swinging roundhouse kick connected with the side of Banes head and instantly sent him crashing down onto the floor. With his nemesis now crumpled in a heap only a few feet away, Elias stood to his feet and lifted the revolver that had dropped by his side. Pulling back the hammer, he placed the barrel against Banes forehead, and without a second though, pulled the trigger. The ensuing hollow click, informed him straightaway that the gun was empty, so swivelling it around in his hand, he smacked the metal gripped handle hard against Clayton Banes left temple; the violence of the pistol-whip, knocking him out cold. He placed the gun into his waistband.  
With Bane out for the count, he now began to deliberate over his next move. Inside his mind, he knew that the instant Banes gun was found to be empty he would have to find another way of disposing of him.  
His ethics  the very same ethics that Bane had chastised him over - had for the moment anyway, just saved the fat man from getting a freshly reloaded bullet fired into his unconscious brain. Suddenly a thought flickered in his mind. 
It was something that Bane had said to him while he was bending over him with the revolver aimed at his head. 
Hed boasted about how he was going to enjoy digging his grave and had also said something about burying him in beside Jimi the Hitman Hope. Only one conclusion could be drawn from this threat; somewhere, down in this hellish underground theatre, there had to be some sort of hidden crypt or burial ground.   
A smile suddenly formed on his lips as an exceptionally unique idea to hold within his mind, and in the twinkling of an eye, he knew exactly, how he was going to dispose of Bane. 
Leaving the King of Wyoming lying unconscious on the floor, he began to search the command centre for a concealed place of interment, and after a brief look around the immediate vicinity, he found himself standing in front of a pair of double doors located on the back wall. Upon entry, a staircase led down into a brightly lit chamber beyond, and after descending the steps, it instantly became apparent that this was the area he was looking for. In its centre, five fresh looking graves lay side by side, and to their right, next to what appeared to be an unfinished excavation, lay a closed and sand-covered casket. 
With the burial chamber located, he rushed back up the stairs into the main command centre and over to the munitions cabinet. Opening it, he began to examine the shelves for the correct calibre of bullet to fit into Banes gun. Finding exactly what he was looking for, he removed the revolver from his waistband, loaded one single round into the chamber, and then replaced it in his belt. Next, he headed to the kitchen, and after rummaging around in the well-stocked drawers, he placed another item into his left pocket, then a moment later, a small briefly scribbled note on a piece of paper. 
Jogging over to the comatose tyrant, and grasping him by the ankles, he dragged Banes substantial frame down into the burial chamber below, only coming to a halt when he and his sleeping adversary had reached the mounds in the centre of the room. After releasing his grip, he detached the lid from the coffin that lay beside the freshly quarried pit and, unthinkingly and emotionlessly, turfed its resident out onto the sand. With the casket now empty, he hoisted Banes body up by the armpits then let the big mans weight and gravity sink him into the confined space of his final resting place. Stuffing his arms and legs in though, was proving to be a lot more difficult, but after much squeezing and pressing, the task was almost complete.     
With Banes body now in situ, the time had come to replace the lid and plant him in the ground, but just before he did so, the final four pieces of the puzzle had to put in place.
From his left pocket, he removed and placed into the coffin two items, and from his right pocket, he removed and placed in one.
The final piece was the loaded revolver, which he tucked snugly down by Banes side. Closing the lid, he slowly slipped the casket down into the freshly dug ditch until the base  feet first  connected with the bottom. With internment now almost complete, he rolled in the coffins previous resident, then he climbed into the excavator and began filling in the grave.
*
Elias had finished his task and was resting by the side of his labour, when out from the stairwell beyond, the approaching figure of Ivana Vasilyevich suddenly appeared into view; her eyes burning red; exuding hate from every pore.
Alexia is dead! she screeched out into the chamber, Killed by the man that you freed from my grasp.
Recognising the vehemence in her stride, Elias swiftly rose to his feet.
You Penchansky, are yet again responsible for the demise of a kindred, and for that, in the name of the Supreme Mother, I now defy your right as a true-blood. 
Both were now standing face to face and Elias took a step back just to put some distance between the two of them.
With a blink of her red eyes, suddenly she struck. 
Gouging a talon-claw deep into his gaping shoulder wound, with piercing fangs exposed, she thrust her head forward in a feverish and vicious attempt to latch onto his neck. 
Instantaneously blocking her attack, by means of a rapid forearm to the face, Elias immediately countered with a devastating punch directly into her spine, resulting in her crashing down onto the sandy floor by the side of the digger.    
What the hell do you think you are doing? he raged while keeping his vision locked on the spellbound woman in front of him, Have you lost your mind? 
Ivana sprung back to her feet while expelling the grit from her mouth, then twisted her hate-riddled gaze back towards him.
Lost my mind? she seethed in a voice no more than a whisper, Youre a fool Penchansky, a fool. This is your payback, retribution for all your wrong doing.
Ivana let out a cold and sinister laugh.
Do you seriously think I can overlook, let alone forgive, the sorrow that you have brought upon me? Because of YOU, my fledgling is dead. Because of YOU my betrothed is dead. And now you will die.
Elias slowly circled to the side, removing Ivana from her perfectly aligned striking distance.      
You know you cant kill me Vasilyevich, I am a guardian of the world remember. I am a chosen one. 
You were not chosen, you Penchansky, are a product of odium, a contrived abomination, unwittingly infected while slaying Yuri Rykov.  
That changes nothing Vasilyevich, I am true-blood kindred, I am a fire-baptised protector.    
There need only be one defender of Nyrbtor, only one to keep watch over this Earthly domain. And now, with your obligation complete, your role has come to an end.
Unperturbed by his counsel, Elias could see Vasilyevich was only instants away from a second strike; mimicking his circling motion, she edged her way closer. 
A few tense moments later, she finally came to a halt; her back tight up against the mechanical arm of the excavator; her target in perfect alignment. She immediately pounced. 
With fangs exposed and razor-talons prepped for gouging, she flung herself forward heading straight for her targets neck. 
This time though, anticipating her offensive, Elias retaliated with a strike of his own. Throwing himself into her oncoming assault, he thrust out his left arm to scatter her lethal flailing claws and with his right, smashed a venomous uppercut directly into her throat. The sheer dynamism of the punch, launched his stunned attacker clean off her feet, pitching her thrashing torso hard against the arm of the excavator and then down onto the upturned steel bucket at its base; the piercing razor-sharp claws, plunging straight into her back, through her internal organs, then reappearing crimson and gore-sodden out from her chest.   
As the blood bubbled and spurted from her mouth, her snarling fangs and blazing red eyes lost all intensity, while her previously flailing hands clutched in disbelief at the steel teeth protruding from her ribcage.  
With Vasilyevich pinned to the spot, Elias removed one of the clay spades from the selection hinged to the diggers side; its oval shaped bevelled edge making it the perfect choice for purpose. 
Stepping back in front of the mentally forsaken figure pinned to the machinery, he elevated the tool high above his right shoulder; just as he did so, Ivana raised her eyes and returned his gaze. An unexpected smile formed on her lips.   
You will pay for this Penchansky, she wheezed through blood-encrusted lips, Ill make sure of it. I will haunt you until the day you die. And when you do, I will be lying in wait, in readiness to torment your soul for eternity. 
Attempting a laugh, a spray of fresh blood spewed from Ivanas mouth causing a large mass of congealed plasma to ooze onto her chin.
Elias returned the smirk.
Well bitch, enjoy your wait. Oh, and if you happen to bump into Yuri Rykov, tell him I said Hi.
Without further hesitation, he swung the steel blade of the pit spade directly into Ivanas neck, decapitating her sneering-featured head clean off just below the chin and sending it spiralling over onto the freshly filled-in grave of Clayton Bane. Throwing the spade onto the ground, he turned away from the impaled and headless corpse in front of him; weary from his struggles, he slowly made his way towards the exit. 
*
Commander Elias Penchansky left the horrors of the Whitehouse building behind him, and as he strolled through the red misty vapours of the South lawn on his way to the main road, a smile returned to his lips and he couldnt help but laugh out loud at the ludicrous events that had taken place over the past four days. Since receiving that fateful phone call on the evening of August 4th, hed been involved in more bizarre and near-death experiences than most people would endure in their lifetime.
Hed suffered the trauma of a real life plane crash. Hed almost been ripped to shreds by his old nemesis Yuri Rykov. Hed consumed a large quantity of Rykovs infected blood, causing him to surrender his rights as a mortal being. Hed slain a three headed devil-dogd bio weapon. Hed escaped from a lunar mining facility on the brink of self-destruction. His beloved SS Warrior had been blown to smithereens; he and his crew lucky to escape with their lives. Hed been knocked unconscious by Jimi  The Hitman  Hope then forcefully imprisoned down in the Whitehouse interrogation room. Hed been tortured by Clayton Bane then afterwards by Hope and a midget. Hed been visited by the Supreme Mother of Nyrbtorian vampires, whod baptised him into her realm. Hed escaped from the Whitehouse, but at the cost of two of his crewmembers. Hed been in Nelson Catts insane laboratory where hed seen things that were only mentioned of in legends. Hed witnessed America being engulfed in the toxic red hue of the CATTS v9 virus. Hed returned to the Whitehouse to hunt for the perpetrator responsible for releasing the virus, and on finding him, had initiated his revenge by entombing him in a secret underground burial vault. Finally, in that very same chamber, hed been attacked by Ivana Vasilyevich, where he was forced to slay her to protect his own life.
Now though, as he made his way out onto the main road, there was only one thing on his mind, something that would help him overcome the trauma of the previous four days. All he needed to do was commandeer a plane. With his smile forming into a wide and excited grin, he turned left, and began to make his way towards the airport.
*
Clayton Bane gradually opened his eyes only to be met with intense blackness. Immediately confused by the surroundings, he raised his head, pounding it against some invisible solid. Struggling to remain calm, he began to hammer his fists against the compact wooden ceiling that entombed him only stopping when blood began trickle through his fingers and splatter onto his face. In an attempt to stifle the panic, he began to fumble around his person for anything that might give him a clue as to the whereabouts of his current location. In his right pocket, he came across a piece of paper which he removed and placed on his chest. In his left pocket, he found a small book made from smooth card, removed it, and placed it beside the scrap of paper. With nothing else to be located in his immediate vicinity, he turned his attention to his findings. Grasping the small book between thumb and forefinger, he prised open its front; feeling the contents inside, he discovered it to contained two rows of matches. Striking one, he lit up his environment. 
His worst fears were instantly confirmed with the shocking realisation that he was entombed inside a coffin. Terror snatched at his soul, and as he manically smashed his forearms against the tightly sealed lid, his panic ensued into heart-stopping hysteria. Having to relax a little to control his fretful breathlessness, he struck another match and raised the piece of paper to the flame; it was a note.  
(Down by your left leg you will find your revolver, inside, one round is loaded in the chamber. Down by your right leg you will find a glass vial, inside, you will find a dose of your own medicine, ethically yours, EP) 
EP, Elias Penchansky, he was responsible for this. Intense rage replaced his fear and once again he thrust out his arms in an attempt to free himself from his interment, his actions only causing his tattered knuckles to bleed more profusely.  
Cumbersomely he began to search for the items alluded to in the note, and sure enough, as he groped around both sides of his tightly squashed in calves, he found the objects in question. Gradually, he slithered them up and over the bulk of his stomach until both items rested beside the matches on his chest, then bellowing out a thunderous laugh, he began to muse over his predicament. 
Presuming that Elias had buried him in the grave that had been meant for Charles Frederick - after all where else could he be - he could see no realistic chance of escape. With the entire city saturated in CATTS v9, it would be weeks - maybe months - before anyone would have the opportunity to come to his rescue. And even if he was found, he would only be sent to some god-forsaken military prison where hed have to spend the remainder of his days waiting to face the electric chair or the public humiliation of the needle. The realisation sent a desperate and melancholy shudder of fear through his system. 
Slowly, he raised his revolver to his mouth, and with teeth gritted tightly onto the cold steel barrel, gently, pulled the trigger. 
*
Epilogue
Washington, D.C. Saturday November 7th
*
Good morning D.C, you are watching the ten a.m. news, live from WNC towers, with me Chet Caplin.
And me Alice Chambers. 
Caplin: D.Cs city wide curfew will finally be relaxed tonight as military enforced marital law is at last handed over to the newly set up interim government. The acting administration released a press statement late last night confirming the switch over will take place at noon today.
Chambers: As the entire U.S. decontamination project now moves into its sixth week, the antidote to the virus has now been effectively distributed to all forty-eight infected states. The man behind its manufacture, one Dr Nelson Catts, has stated publically that he now believes that the whole country can safely move around without fear of infection and that he, along with his associates in the military, will continue to do all that they can, to get the country back on its feet as soon as possible. But before we go into all the details, we here at WNC have some breaking news concerning the whereabouts of the former President, Clayton Bane.  
Caplin: Thats right Alice we do. The search for the missing President finally came to an end last night, when his body was found during a Whitehouse clean-up operation. After the excavation of a bizarre secret underground burial chamber, Banes body, along with the remains of five others, were exhumed from a sandy pit deep within the vault, also found at the scene, were the decapitated remains of a woman.
Chambers: Banes body was apparently found inside a coffin which had been interred six feet under the surface of the chamber floor, and after exhumation, CSI officers revealed that the former President had in fact been buried alive. Strangely though, this was not an indicator of the way he actually died, as investigators later confirmed that rather than perishing from starvation or suffocation, the former President had passed away from the effects of a highly concentrated form of the CATTS v9 virus. 
Caplin: Things then took on a slightly weirder note when a revolver was found lying by the dead mans side, and although ballistics confirmed at the scene that the weapon had indeed been fired, no live ammunition was to be found, either, on the former Presidents person, or inside the actual casket itself. Another peculiar thing also noted, was an abnormal and highly abrasive contusion to the back of his throat, and upon closer inspection, powder burns were also seen to be clearly evident, although, strangely, there was no actual bullet exit wound. 
Chambers: The answer to this dilemma was revealed when Clayton Banes body was finally lifted out from the coffin. What investigators found instantly cleared up all confusion surrounding the gun, the powder burns inside his mouth and the distinct lack of a gaping wound on the rear of his head. Remarkably, upon sifting through the inside of his suit jacket, which up until that moment had remained tightly buttoned, investigators discovered a single empty shell casing, and after handing the casing over to the ballistics team at the scene for analysis, it turned out that the former President had actually shot himself in the throat with a solitary blank round. How this strange circumstance came about, who was responsible, or indeed how, what was presumably meant to be a live round was mistakenly switched with a blank, is still unknown. 
Caplin: On a final note, NASA Commander Elias Penchansky, the man now thought to be behind preventing Clayton Bane from enforcing his tyrannical plans, has apparently disappeared without trace, although there have been some unconfirmed sightings of him, mainly in and around the Alaskan coastal town of Barrow, his actual whereabouts, still remain a mystery. 
In front of the cameras, Chet turned towards his co-host.
Man that must have hurt, imagine shooting yourself in the throat, thinking you were going to end it all, only to realise that after the explosion, you were still alive. This story just gets weirder and weirder Alice.
It sure does Chet, it sure does. 
Im Chet Caplen. 
And Im Alice Chambers, and well be right back with in-depth analysis of all the days events after these short messages. 
***
The End
Contact Email Address:
ktbarr@rocketmail.com
