




Sun on the Rocks  All-Girl  The Bahamas Lotion.


Smashwords Edition.



 Copyright 2013 by Somers Isle & Loveshade.
Published by Somers Isle & Loveshade at Smashwords.
U.S. Copyright Registration Number: 1-743085441.
All rights reserved.


'Sun on the Rocks' blogsite:
http://oursalon.ning.com/profile/workstudio







Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
ABOUT 'Sun on the Rocks':

Its a breezy, all-Girl summer and beach fiction read for adults, specializing in the trivial pursuit. These pleasant stories with an undertone of humor, follow the adventures of several non competitive attractive women over twenty one years of age, as they seek to become a synchronised swimming team, 'Sun on the Rocks', led by the incombustible twenty five year old Stevenson Garden Products (SGP) Malibu teleoperator Clarity Nice, a woman of resourceful intuition, and acute observer of the laws of human mischief.

The Bahamas Lotion: Clarity and her friends, librarian Lanai Thomson, lifeguard Taimi Kendrick, ethnographer Flower Parkwood, Australian surfer Jenna Likeway, and the well-to-do Malibu resident Cynthia Stevenson, attend a gala for beauty lotion 'Elony' in Nassau, in the Bahamas, at a Disco named Neria B, where they are arrested by International Sensual Brigade Officer Alven Donway, for being accomplices of a large scale abduction raid on affluent women, being carried out through 'Elony' by an unscrupulous, good looking, wealthy business woman, named Cassandra Scafarel, a high ranking associate of de facto, Cayman Islands Lofty Bank owner, Buddha Talk.
To avoid jail for her and her friends, Clarity strikes a deal with Donway to seek the perpetrator of the beauty lotion fraud and agrees to find evidence for Donway of the fraud, by following sex goddess Penelope Avalon, the 'Elony' beauty lotion spokesperson and one of the few people who knows the location of Scafarels pleasure palace resort for women, Neria A, somewhere in the Bahamas.
SUN ON THE ROCKS  EPISODE FOUR

THE BAHAMAS LOTION


Chapter One
Little Cayman Airport, Cayman Islands

Twenty five year old Malibu teleoperator Clarity Nice, wearing an open shouldered blue color blouse, washed pale blue jeans, short white socks and brown loafers borrowed from Somerset, an attractive assistant of Cayman Islands de facto bank owner Buddha Talk, boarded the brand new seven four seven painted bay leaf, green blue, a plane owned by the Lofty Buddha Air Leasing Company, in a hurry. She pressed her friend, twenty three year old ethnographer Flower Parkwood, who was wearing a neck jersey viscose dress decorated with floral patterns, and sandals, to step in front of her without looking behind her at the taxi driver who had dropped them off at the small tropical airfield of Little Cayman, in the Cayman Islands, where the large jumbo jet made the airport look like a small shack.
An attractive hostess in mini skirt welcomed them at the top of the Stinar wide body jet staircase built on top of a Chevrolet pick up truck at the Edward Bodden Airfield.
"Mr. Buddha Talk guests, Beverly and Somerset?"
"Thats right," said Clarity, "Im Beverly, shes Somerset, thats us."
"Step right in, seat twenty seven C and A, by the fire exit, window and aisle seat, youre last in, were leaving right away, we thought you werent coming."
"Thats why I called, we figured you might be leaving," said Flower. She was holding a cell phone borrowed from Lofty Bank agent Buddha Talks mansion in Nelson Quay, a wealthy area of Grand Cayman island that she was hoping, would be part of her estate at some point in her life. Clarity pushed her thumb on the back of Flower, urging her to move ahead inside the dimly lit plane. Clarity knew that Buddha Talk was after them, looking for his money, one million dollars in Treasury bonds, that the girls had used to pay his private pilot in order to leave Grand Cayman, after passing on the option offered by Lofty Bank to sign a fifty year indenture that would tie their lives permanently to Lofty Bank, through their flagship product, the Crashworthy deposit, a working arrangement disguised as an investment product.
The plane was three quarters full, about three hundred passengers filled the passenger area. Mostly, they were dressed in beach or swimming gear, carrying out lively conversations, exchanging comments on their luck for not having to pay for their flight. This worried Clarity, for she was learning that nothing was given for free. The seven four seven took off the short runway of the airport and rose to a cruising altitude of twenty thousand feet. Clarity was tired but didnt feel like sleeping. She knew that Buddha Talk would notice the disappearance of his cell phone, and that they were riding inside his plane, vulnerable to him or those working for him. Flower sat on the window seat and she sat beside her in the middle seat.
"Where are we going Clarity?" hushed Flower.
"Im not sure, seems like a vacation flight," said Clarity. The hostess tapped her open shoulder smiling.
"This is for the infomercial, please put them on when the lights go out," said the hostess.
All lights turned off and Clarity donned the earphones. A large television screen with a pink frame color appeared before them, showing the fuselage of a Gulfstream G650 executive learjet, equipped with two Rolls Royce BR 725 engines. The learjet was labeled 'Pink Gogo', and was painted in deep pink, fuschia color. The camera, which was inside the learjet, focused on a four-place conference table, and an attractive woman with long, dirty blond hair came out of the lavatory smiling, walking towards the camera, dressed in a one piece pink suit showing her well exposed cleavage. Clarity immediately thought the woman was stunning, embodying a glamor shed never seen before.
"Hi, Im sex goddess Penelope Avalon, welcome live to Elony, the end of your beauty lotion seeking journey, and the stepping stone to your most intimate pleasures, pleasures of lasting time length, time-tested pleasures made with various types of plastic, and pleasures that will make you or you and your partner feel like the real goddess you are. Clarity felt a hand pull her earphones.
"Do you notice the shade of the image onscreen?" asked Flower. Clarity turned her head towards her agitated friend.
"No, I was noticing the stewardess just got naked, what do you mean?"
"You know when you watch a film, the image has that glossy feeling?" 
"Yes, I know what you mean," said Clarity, "what about it?" Clarity placed her hand on the elbow rest, noticing a lump below it. She looked below the elbow seat and noticed the statue of Buddha Talk in robe, seated in lotus position. The head had a small lamp directed at the seat in front of them, lighting up the compartment used to store newspapers and magazines.
"This image doesnt have that, its shot on video, its not shot on film, its live Clarity. Look here out the window, below us." Clarity looked through the window at the rising sun and focused her eyes where Flower was pointing. Flying about one hundred feet below, she saw the silhouette of 'Pink Gogo'. Onscreen, Penelope looked through the window of the learjet.
"We have acute observers on aisle twenty seven, the two good looking women seating in seats C and A," said Penelope. Clarity looked directly at the pink plane below them through their planes window. It was rising in altitude, and she could see the silhouette of Avalon in the small learjet.
"This is live, somebodys filming us, Clarity," said Flower, "theres a camera in our plane". Clarity stared at the television screen and saw Penelope waving at them. That didnt bode well. First, the free flight for no reason, then an infomercial promising endless pleasure, framing them inside a flight that watched their passengers a tad too closely. She sensed the paw of Buddha Talk tapping her sense of integrity and leisure for a second time since her stay in Acapulco. She stared at the ceiling of the plane and found the small camera filming them, a round glass lens slowly changing angles. She decided to focus on the television screen. Penelope exposed all the beauty features of Elony, before pitching one last anouncement, at close-up view of the camera.
Chapter Two

"Come and see me when you ladies are ready to move on with your next stage in pleasure education. Our beauty precludes us." Penelope frowned at her own words and read a sheet of paper resting on the table. "Precedes us, our beauty precedes us, sorry, if our beauty precluded us, our beauty would not allow us to be, fortunately we are, and our beauty is as well. Come with us and your pleasure will grow by an order of magnitude. Good bye and thanks for watching our infomercial with 'Pink Gogo' Airlines, the official Elony air transportation, an all-inclusive beauty lotion available in the Caribbean with your one click buy button on the resting pad of your seat right beside the small statue lamp of our Buddha patron, for only fifty thousand dollars a bottle." Clarity felt the arm of Flower grip her forearm, as the image of Penelope flashed off the screen.
"Thats crazy," said Flower, "fifty thousand dollars for a bottle of lotion."
"Yes, somethings wrong, were in a deep mess, I think," said Clarity, "but Im not sure how exactly, I dont understand the point of this lotion."
After the plane landed, a man dressed in a black suit with matching tie, and a golden iguana pinned to it, walked in front of them, returning passports to the passengers.
"Welcome to Nassau in the Bahamas, the after hours party youve decided to attend takes place this evening at the Neria B night club in Nassau. Samples of Elony will be provided there and a few of you will move on to our second stage in our personal growth services." The man, showing a scar running down his cheek, all the way to his chin, stopped in front of Clarity. She smiled faintly, knowing they were being singled out.
"You werent part of the original passengers, were you?" Clarity held his stare and took a deep breath before answering.
"Not exactly, in a way, were carry through in transit customers from Lofty Bank, personal guests of Mr. Buddha Talk," said Clarity.
"I see, passports and wallet, please," said the man. Breathing uncomfortably, Clarity took out her passport and handed it to the crumby man, along with Flowers passport. By then, all passengers had left, and the hostess was closing the door. Boldly, she decided not to give the man their money.
"You havent paid this flight have you?" asked the man, looking at the U.S. passports.
"The flight is free, isnt it? Thats what we were told at Lofty," said Clarity. The man looked at her with a confidence that she couldnt match. Her eyes darted off briefly, enough for the man to know he had found two flight stowaways.
"Youre not Beverly, and shes not Somerset. No, this flight isnt free, there are certain duties the passengers have to carry out and pay to watch this infomercial, its not a legal infomercial, were working on getting FDA approval, but its not the case yet. There are pre-clearance fees that you need to pay in order to watch this infomercial. Did you pay for those?"
"No," said Clarity.
The man started tapping above Claritys seat. Clarity looked at Flower, who was silent, and thought about her recent stay at the Acapulco jail and sighed. None of that, thank you. She gathered her courage.
"Any other possible arrangements?" she asked. The man tilted his neck which cracked several times, repositioning it with his hand. He wasnt very happy about the situation. He looked at the hostess, who looked away. Clarity knew that they were in outright deep trouble, but she refused to accept the word, looking out for an inexistent sign of friendship from the man.
"Youre attending the Elony gala with me, then well see," said the man. A bus came to pick them up and they walked with the hostess to an empty lounge. Clarity could see some people in the distance, but the man turned her head and shoved her inside the lounge. Fifty feet from her, a cleaning lady was finishing her round on the lounge bathrooms. The man went to a counter to pick up some snacks.
"Lets call the girls," said Clarity, "give me the cell phone, quick." Flower handed her the phone and she stepped towards the man in black.
"Excuse me, I have to go to the bathroom, Ill be right back." Clarity walked briskly into the ladies bathroom, frowned upon by the bathroom cleaning lady. 
"We need your help," said Clarity, "were being abducted." The cleaning lady lifted her head, showing a bandana labeled with the Elony brand.
"Sorry to hear that dear, do you have a return date?" Clarity stared into the ladies eyes and thought for two seconds in silence, before realizing what was happening. The woman was part of the Elony crew as well, the whole area belonged to the company owning that beauty lotion.
"Whats Elony?"
"Elony will bring you to your destiny with pleasure, dear, youre young, youll understand." Clarity felt goosebumps, the sentence was rehearsed. The Elony hoax was different from Lofty, more mysterious in nature, less familiar.
"Thank you, Ill send you a postcard," she said.
"Stay with officer Knocke, youre in good hands with him. Permanent hands, but good hands."
"I see, thanks," said Clarity.
She stepped into the ladiesroom and stared at the smartphone, rolling her finger through Buddha Talks facebook profile. The keyboard became blocked, and no numbers appeared onscreen when she pressed on the numbers keys. She kept running different applications until she found the familiar icon of Skype, which showed a credit of five dollars. The keyboard activated. Immediately, she dialed Lanais phone number.
"Yes, Lanai, take a flight, yes any flight, but to Nassau in the Bahamas. Yes Bimini Airlines is fine, yes, with Jenna, Cynthia and Taimi, dont forget yourself," said Clarity, "were stuck at the airport in Nassau, with a man we dont know, look for a blue jumbo jet from the Lofty Buddha Air Lease In-Company. No, two words, In Company. No, its not a leasing company, its Air Lease in company, with company, if you prefer. Yeah, thats it, good, get rolling please." Lanai, always on top of important group matters, asked a question, somewhat relevant.
"Did you recover Flowers earring?" asked Lanai.
"No, its at Lofty Bank in Cayman Islands. A good bank? No, not a good bank, not at all, in fact. Thats irrelevant Lanai, come over here quickly, we need you. No, cant say that word, lets say were still free, just come with the girls." Clarity hung up, got out of the bathroom, and walked up to the man, who was discussing gold carat discoveries in Ancient Greece with Flower. Politely but firmly, the man was letting them know that they were with him.
"Ill walk you to the limousine. Youll be staying there until the gala starts at three in the morning tonight." Clarity gasped and raised her eyebrows.
Chapter Three

Clarity looked at the silhouette of the seven four seven that had brought them from Cayman Islands to the Bahamas and to the Lofty Buddha Air Leasing Company employee wearing an orange suit with a pink flamingo, the official bird of the Bahamas. She wanted to be as far from local police as possible, but she also wanted to recover her money so that she and Flower could return to Acapulco before the City of Wellington left for L.A. Around eight PM in the evening. She glanced at the man with a golden iguana, named Knocke, Lance Knocke, in charge of all security measures and personnel at Elony. He was walking slowly, and received the company of two of his men, men dressed in polo shirts and khaki pants.
Barely saying a word, they led Clarity and Flower through one of the lounge doors to an escalator of the airport, until they reached a 1977 white 'Silver Jubilee' Rolls Royce limousine, showing the familiar radiator grille, made by hand and eye, and polished for hours, along with its emblem, the hood ornament that the cleaning lady had warned Clarity to approach with care and understanding earlier in the afternoon. She insisted on using the term 'the Spirit of Ecstasy', not 'the Silver Lady', as many called the lady with fluttering robes. It was the time for sunset and she breathed the warm air with seventy percent humidity. She longed for white sand Bahamas beaches and turquoise tropical waters where she could dive and swim naked for several hours with her friends.
"Hop inside," said Knocke. Clarity looked in the distance looking for hope. Instead, she found Lanai holding on to a red firetruck front door a few hundred feet away. The truck, an Isuzu FTR 800 class 2 pumper imported from the Fire and Rescue Agency of New South Wales in Wagga Wagga, Australia, was beaming a blue siren, approaching the limo at high speed. Stretching above Lanai, Taimi and Cynthia were struggling atop the truck with Jenna, who was surfing the air, holding balance by grabbing the ladder. The truck screeched to a halt in front of the limo, and Lanai hopped off the open front door a few feet away from Clarity, smiling.
"We met an Australian fireman on our Bimini Islands flight from Acapulco, in charge of truck sales to the local Mexican and Caribbean municipalities. Luckily, these trucks are being sold throughout Caribbean airports, beats the airport shuttles any time, very convenient. We told the captain of the City of Wellington he could leave for L.A., told him wed see him again in Acapulco."
Knocke didnt react immediately, and his two henchmen stared inquisitively at the girls.
"Thanks, Mike, take care," said Lanai. She hugged Clarity. "Glad to see you, sorry were late, we stopped at the Old Nassau Airport Terminal before we found the plane, where are we going?" 
"Well, thats the point, were not going, thats why we called you," said Clarity. The good looking teleoperator pointed to the firetruck.
"Hold on, wait, your friend, in the firetruck, can he provide a lift?" asked Clarity, "these people have an invitation which is slightly unsettling."
"Why? this limos cool, no, Im afraid not hes on the job," said Lanai. Lanai waved at the fireman driving the truck good bye, and within a minute they were on their own with Knocke.
"Get in, ladies," said Locke. He opened the backdoor of the car.
"Cool, a limo in Nassau," said Taimi, hopping inside, "Im so hungry, I need some snacks." Clarity saw Cynthia, Jenna and Lanai get inside as well. Claritys jaw dropped, and she looked at Flower in disarray.
"Lets look at it as a vacation," said Flower, sighing, "Ive never been shot on video before." She stepped in front of Clarity and entered the luxurious limo.
"Yes, might as well," said Clarity. Breathing deeply, she stepped inside the limo, covered in burgundy leather, and decorated with the repeated wallpaper pattern of the Charioteer of Delphi, the Bronze statue of a man of Greek origin who didnt pull any strings, but instead was merely holding on to them.
Clarity noticed that the car wasnt moving. Flower was keeping silent, counting the flowers on her dress. She looked out the window, and noticed that 'Pink Gogo', the plane of Penelope Avalon, had landed near them. Within minutes, the familiar silhouette of Penelope, dressed in the same one piece pink loose fitting suit, which made her look like a catwoman, came out of the plane, and stepped off the pink plane wearing canvas pink upper dance shoes. Hopping on a two wheel, self balancing, Segway personal transporter, she approached the Rolls Royce, rolling briskly on the tarmac. Clarity saw the front window of the limousine roll down. One of Knockes henchmen peeked towards the head of security for Elony.
"Lets go slowly to Neria B, we need to be there by three AM. I want everybody to see Penelope at her pink best in front of the Elony stand at the entrance. Go through Saunders Beach, Palmdale, Windsor Estates, and LeeWard East. Then, drive west towards Lake Killarney, Neria B is on the south side, on a side street from Carmichael Road. And stop by Pirana Joe and the Cosmetics Boutique on Bay Street, I need new beach wear for me and new jewelry for Penelope."
"Got the instructions chief, got the GPS chief, well get to the night club at three AM and stop at the diner for a quick dinner. We got the guest list of Carolina Herrera, the 212 VIP one, theyre all going to Neria B after hours to test Elony. For the first time, we put all of them on our guest list. Do you want us to take care of Penelopes catsuit after the show? These girls would look good in it."
"No, I got her tonight, shes going to teach me naked breast massage with a bottle of Elony."
Knocke cracked the bones of his fingers, as though getting ready for a workout. He pressed a button and the front window rose. Clarity tapped on the elbow rest pad with her left hand.
"I cant believe it, were stuck, anybody really has an idea of how we can get out of here?"
"This is fun," said Taimi, "what did you guys do in the Cayman Islands?"
"We had fun as well," said Clarity, eyeing Penelope, who was mounting the radiator of the car in her suit, and settling in a hard plastic platform on the right side of the hood, to allow the driver a good view, not of Penelope, but a view to drive out of the airport.
"Shes getting ready for the go-go show tonight," said Knocke. He handed her a copy of an old book, titled 'Decadence', which she tried to brush away, but the man with the iguana insisted that she take it.
"This book was written by the unknown hedonist; it is a code of pleasure brought from the annals of history, and it is your way out of the life Penelope lives, permanent pleasure, regardless of your schedule on a given day. Inside the book, there are enough free passes for you and your friend to attend our stage three resort in the Caribbean, thats after the infomercial and Neria B, if you make it out of Neria B, which I doubt."
Clarity leafed through the book. It was a clearly written book, with illustrations of ancient goddesses with lion bodies in bronze, wearing a single, gold earring. Other illustrations depicted Egyptian goddess Nefertiti in limestone, and a mosaic of Byzantine nuns. She found the passes which acted as bookmarks and read an excerpt of the book: In the beginning there was only pleasure, nature, and the moaning of a woman in orgasm. Society is an artificial artifact of fake plastic items wrapped up in recyclable, cosmopolitan material, meant to delay pleasure. Toss the toil in your life, keep the pleasure, and then, recycle the pleasure to add variety, in good feminine company, if possible.
In the very end, your epitaph will show the extent of your enjoyment in this life. It is a good time to understand the very nature of your orgasm, the very thought of your deepest pleasure and beauty, the very meaning of Elony, our contribution for todays sophisticated woman and her companion, another sophisticated woman with a similar taste for pampered luxury and upscale pleasure. Our three stages of pleasure will guide you to your ultimate reality, and Elony will ensure your body is aware of that reality as well."
"The books been updated," said Clarity.
"Yes, weve included Elony material."
"Its new, really, never saw anything like this before."
"Read it well," said Knocke. Clarity was starting to be turned on by so much guided pleasure, the book was making a physical, sensual impression on her. Unbeknown to Knocke, the word orgasm was her preferred word in the dictionary, a word that triggered thoughts of soft touch, delicate flowers, melting sensations, elegant perfume such as Nina Riccis LAir du Temps, her favorite, and feminine realities well beyond the normal assumptions of those who knew her. She rarely shared these intimate thoughts, and only Lanai had a sense of her real sexual fantasies.
She looked at her friends, who were listening to an easy listening music program as the Rolls Royce rolled into Windsor Field Road, leaving the airport behind them. It probably was the accumulated tension, which needed release.
"Ill read it slowly, that way my pleasure will last longer," she said. She was only half kidding.
"Now, youre catching on the way of Elony. Remember the codeword to get to stage three." Knocke lowered his head towards Clarity, who noticed the name on the golden iguana of his tie, 'Hexas Style Resorts'. Lanai lowered her head as well, to hear Knockes codeword, and Claritys ears became surrounded by Knocke and Lanais noses. Knocke whispered the word to Clarity.
"Rosebud," said Knocke. Clarity didnt move, pondering the word carefully. She turned her eyes slightly towards Lanai, who was clapping.
"I know that word," said Lanai. She was beaming a grin but Clarity was in no mood for smiling.
"Its a codeword to get out of where, exactly when," said Clarity. Knocke didnt answer.
"Its from Citizen Kane, from the Orson Welles movie," said Lanai. Clarity whispered to Lanai.
"Lanai, if you start talking movies and getting close to this man, well never get out." Lanai whispered back.
"I dont want to get out, what does that book say, exactly?" Clarity moved the book away from Lanais hand.
"Oh, Rosebud is more than a word from a movie," said Knocke. He opened the bottle of a Lemon Snapple juice and drank a few sips, giving a grape flavored bottle to Lanai.
"Ooo! I like you," said Lanai, "tell me about the meaning of the word."
"I cant its a codeword. You need to learn the etiquette of pleasure first, thats why were going to Neria B."
"Whats Neria B," said Clarity.
"The night club of your dreams with the woman of your dreams, an older woman, Lady Scafarel," said Knocke.
Chapter Four

Clarity looked at the luminescent hands of her swiss-made watch, a fine-brushed, polished steel Aquaracer from Tag Heuer with scratch resistant sapphire crystal, a gift from Cynthia for her twenty third birthday in Malibu, sealing their friendship. It was nearly two thirty AM on the north side of the island of New Providence in Nassau, and they had finished their dinner inside the limousine, playing mahjong among themselves with a set Knocke had provided, while the head of Elony security kept reading other passages of Decadence, visibly absorbed by the philosophical underpinnings of the manuscript.
Clarity moved forward and opened the right window, seeing Penelopes, well shaped pink backside at the front of the car. She was tireless in her warm up, doing the cat position, stretching her back, while a stream of pedestrians on West Bay Street looked on at the elegant moves of the nightly sex goddess. She loosened the top of her suit, which acted as blouse, revealing the contours of an embroidered cream color bra.
They drove into a private area of the Wyndham resort and casino, leaving aside its swimming lagoon, impressive with its spiral waterslide and swim up bar and grill, and overlooking the Atlantic Ocean at Goodman Bay. Clarity heard the smooth, familiar rhythm of Robin Ss music and she lifted her head beyond the wind long hair of Penelope. A large open terrace built in the shape of a transatlantic, and decorated with marine motifs, appeared before Clarity. Neria A was a large dance emporium with a pool, for those with an after hours appetite before the next day at Cable Beach. They sat at a reserved table near the large dance floor. Clarity ordered a bottle of Qafshtama mineral water from Albania, and drank one large glass within seconds. The driver of the Rolls Royce, a man known as Backo, approached Knocke.
"We cant find Scafarel or Maxini," said Backo. Knocke kept an eye on Clarity but his mind was elsewhere.
"I dont like this, something must have happened, they should have been here since two AM. The women are getting upset at the VIP parlour. We told them Cassandra would be here to explain how they should use Elony. Get the car, were getting out in five. Get Avalon, shell supervise the girls here."
Minutes later, Clarity saw Knocke leave the glass dance floor with Backo and the third man from the airport. She lost Cynthia and Taimi, who were speaking to the D.J., and she couldnt keep Jenna from flirting with an Australian sports instructor who was inviting her to spend the night with him at the Royal Bahamian Spa Resort in the offshore Bahamas island of Sandals Cay. Lanai kept reading passages of Decadence, and commented them with Flower, while Penelope insisted on knowing more about the massage oil preference of Clarity, which she was politely avoiding to reveal.
At five thirty AM, the hostess of the gala, Cassandra Scafarel, and her immediate assistant, Avene Maxini, twenty years younger than the fourty three year old business woman, were still missing. Penelope had traded her suit for a cream color embroidered thong, and aquamarine tassels with sequins, which brushed her lower breast area insistently as she performed her go-go duty with fervour. The guests were enthralled by her swift motion following the dance music, with her eyes lost on the far wall, showing a video of blue-green waters of the Caribbean during the day. Clarity noticed a group of several statues, eight or ten in total, overlooking the dance area, ancient marble statues of Greek women dressed in togas or appearing naked, all showing perfect round-shaped breasts.
At five thirty seven AM, the doors of Neria B slammed open, and the DJ made an unexpected announcement.
"Police raid, get out, theyre closing down the place."
The night club guests started running in various directions. Clarity ran into Flower and they climbed the VIP stairs together towards the parlour. They opened the door and reached the only bedroom of the VIP parlour, a large room with a large king size bed, a night table, and transparent net curtains letting in the cool, fresh air of the night. A two part candlestick telephone with cable and bell transmitter cup was standing on the small night table made of mahogany, alongside a bottle of Elony beauty lotion. The phone bell, an original Bell Company bell, started ringing.
"Do you think it still works?" asked Flower.
"It looks like it, what should we do?"
"Pick it up, it might be a complimentary breakfast for tomorrow morning. Im getting hungry."
Clarity picked up the receiver, and a sturdy, male voice, answered.
"Ms. Scafarel?"
"Shes not here at the moment, this is Beverly," said Clarity.
"Are you in touch with Ms. Scafarel?" Clarity left the plastic phone receiver on the table and lifted her head towards Flower.
"Are we in touch with Ms. Scafarel?" Flower shook her head sideways, slightly uneasy, reaching for the ankle strap of her platform, open toe, Bakers Looker sandals with cork embellishment.
"A bit of a technical question, lets say yes, she should be here anyway, at least well know whats happening."
"We do, as a matter of fact we are in touch, somewhat," said Clarity.
"Good, good, well, this is Inspector Al Donway, from the Sensual Brigade at U.S. Central Intelligence, youre under arrest on charges of criminal fraud, by carrying out the illegal distribution of Elony beauty lotion, forbidden as of yet by the Food and Drug Administration. Let Ms. Scafarel know thats her current situation." Clarity placed her hand on the receiver to prevent Donway from hearing her.
"Look up Inspector Donway in Buddha Talks cell phone." Clarity saw Flower take out the Korean made smartphone, looking up the contacts application. A loud bang on the door interfered with their verification. Two attractive women, one with shoulder length blond hair, the other with curly black hair, dressed in casual pants and trendy shirts, stormed inside the bedroom, each carrying one tassel of Penelope Avalon in their hands, below their official badges.
"Central Intelligence, Sensual Brigade, wheres Avalon?" said the taller officer. Fortunately, Flower reacted immediately.
"We dont know, we got here despite our best intentions, Im Somerset, shes Beverly, I swear we werent having sex." One of the women with curly black hair, officer Alana Jenkins, saw the cell phone in Flowers hand and grabbed it.
"Check the phone source," said the other agent.
"Let me explain, officer..." Flower stepped closer to the other woman, to distinguish the name on her badge.
"Belamey, Valerie Belamey. Hold on please, were checking something, please lie down on the bed on your stomach, both of you." Clarity dropped the receiver and lied down on the bed, her hands reaching the pillow. Flower lied down on the bed at her side.
"Its the phone of Buddha Talk," said Belamey, "the one we were tracking in the Cayman Islands, the number labeled home matches the Nelson Quay area." Jenkins placed her hand on Flowers upper back, while she lifted her dress, looking for a particular item related to Avalon.
"My white underwear is my only belonging today, please respect it," said Flower.
"Avalon had more of these tassels, we found some with the other go-gos, precisely inside their panties, just checking. In any case, youre under arrest, ladies, both of you, for carrying out fraudulent activity distributing a beauty lotion illegally," said Jenkins. The woman frisked Clarity as well and picked up the bottle of Elony.
"We know that already, wed like to speak with Inspector Donway to explain the situation," said Clarity.
"Yes, you will, you can be sure of that, but not here, at the Wyndham hotel, thats what Money Fact said. Come with me."
"Whos Money Fact?" asked Clarity.
"Money Facts an institution," said Jenkins, "shes one of the best sensual agents of Central Intelligence, and she wants Avalon, unfortunately, she couldnt be here, shes meeting representatives of the FDA in Vegas, testing the effect of a beauty lotion in a tanning booth, on showgirls that Avalon knew before she became a sex goddess for Elony."
Clarity got up and took the hand of Flower to lift her and turn her around, before she dozed off on the bed. They walked down the stairs, picked up the girls, who were swimming in the pool, and reached the exit. Clarity took one last look at the dance floor of Neria B, before crossing the door entrance threshold. One of the statues overlooking the dance floor had an unusual silver plated color, instead of the white marble color of the other statues, all depicting Roman women. She stared into the statue eyes, and realized the woman was naked but alive. She recognized the wild look and poker face of Penelope Avalon, mimicking those street performers covered with silver dust, who received money precisely for acting like statues.
"Avalon, shes there," said Clarity to Jenkins.
"Where?"
"There, one of the statues." Jenkins eyed the statues, which were immobile, staring a blank stare into the void.
"Lets go, youve stayed here too long tonight."
Chapter Five

Clarity ate the grilled chicken breast with fries and dijon mustard, followed by a balsamic vinegar salad, yogurt and raspberrry sherbet, with the same impatience of an athlete after an olympic, synchronized swimming performance. Donway had allowed a brief six hour nap, but that was not enough for her, she needed eight hours of rest. She felt irascible, exactly when her thinking was at her best, due to necessity. Donway took off his beige, worn out trenchcoat, and began eating a grilled chicken sandwhich on whole wheat. He wasnt satisfied with the previous answers of Clarity on the circumstance surrounding their presence at Neria B. Clarity found a way to win some time after looking at Flower step inside the hotel terrace with her empty plate. Taimi, Cynthia, Lanai, and Jenna, were in an adjacent room to prevent groupthink, a danger Donway had foreseen.
"Id like to wash my teeth," said Clarity.
"Me too, with a different brush," said Flower.
"Bathroom has several toothbrushes," said Belamey.
A few minutes later, they stepped out of the bathroom. Clarity watched the day outside. It was early morning at the Wyndham resort hotel, and the day was going to be gorgeous in the Bahamas. She simply wanted to spend the day outside on the beach with her friends.
"We may take you to our refurbished jail in Cuba for a year or two, because of what youre not saying," said Donway. He pointed to Clarity, swinging from left to right one of the tassels from Penelope Avalon in his hands. "What were you really doing in Neria B?"
"On this I think we agree," said Clarity, "we got embezzled as Lofty bank customers. Then, one thing led to another, and we had to take a plane to leave Cayman."
"Well, not so fast, we found a drunken pilot in Miami two days ago with one million dollars in treasury bonds stolen from a foundation attended by Buddha Talk. He told us he received the bonds from two good looking women matching your description, in particular the description of your friend with the dress depicting a pink lotus and the platform sandals shes wearing. And he told us you were attending the infomercial on that plane."
"We didnt keep the money, we simply used it to get out of Cayman."
"Yeah, exactly, out of Cayman, the cash paradise, you left with my retirement money, thats perfect. All right, tell me about the infomercial. What exactly did the infomercial say?" Clarity relished the question. She saw in her qualified answer, the opportunity to avoid jail and avoid the bail Donway had already mentioned, amounting to a million dollars, and corresponding to the stolen treasury bonds.
"The super chief, chief," said Belamey. She handled him a land phone.
"Chief Hodson?"
"Yes, with a u, as in the river name. He noticed your mistake in the report you wrote," said Belamey.
"Yes, chief? yes, chief. Yes, chief, with a u, as in the river, not an o, no, not yet, Scafarel is missing, yes chief, find her, immediately, chief, good bye chief." Donway sighed, pressing the fixed line phone on the night table of the hotel room. Clarity knew that he wanted to get his hands on the book that Knocke had given them, the book on Decadence, and she had been careful not to reveal the existence of the book or the passes to Scafarels resort. She sensed that the book was their chance to leave the premises of a hotel room rented by the Sensual Brigade of Central Intelligence. In a bold move, she spoke her idea.
"Ill bring you Scafarel," said Clarity. Donway lifted his eyebrows.
"How?"
"Well find Penelope Avalon for you," said Flower, "I need to know where she got her pink suit anyway."
"Yes, my friend has the right idea, but what I mean is that you should use us as bait to get Scafarel," said Clarity. She saw a look of ambitious sparkle in Donways eyes, knowing she had hit his little hot button of career promotion.
"Tell me more," he said. Clarity sat on the bed and folded her legs, throwing away the trenchcoat on a sofa.
"Well, we know about the infomercial, and Penelope Avalon knows that we like Elony, she likes us, we seem to fit the type of women Avalon recruits for Scafarel. Simply drop us off at Neria B again, well carry on on our own from there. Keep your troops near, in case we need support."
"I could send Belamey and Jenkins."
"Theyre too old, and they were spotted by at least the DJ at Neria B. It wont fly." Donway closed the sliding door of the terrace and turned around.
"How old are you?"
"Twenty five, my friends twenty three, my other friends in the other room are twenty three and twenty two."
Donway walked a few steps towards Belamey and Jenkins, who nodded. He reached for the closet and took out a plastic folded map of the Caribbean, laying it out in front of them. She spoke to Belamey, who confirmed that Money Fact was busy getting out of the FDA tanning booth, testing the Elony lotion on various women. His best agent was not available, thought Donway, he needed a substitute or the super chief would be super angry.
"Good, lets try your idea, you bring me Scafarel or Avalon, you and your friends are free, if you dont, you all go to jail for some time, until you say all of what you know. Scafarels resort is codenamed Neria A, its somewhere in the Caribbean, and it allows women only. What we know is that several women from earlier infomercial flights have disappeared, without giving any information on their whereabouts, after they saw the infomercial. We think Scafarel lured them into her resort with her three stage con on pleasure. Then, we dont know what happens to the women, the only thing we know is that Scafarel uses pigeons to relay messages, and that those pigeons reach Neria Bs poolside every week at the same time. When you find the resort, send a pigeon to Neria B, and well go and find you." Flower stepped forward towards Donway, tapping his shoulder.
"We need expense money," said Flower. Belamey took out several ten dollar bills from her pocket.
"Heres ten dollars for each of you, when you bring us Scafarel, well talk again about additional compensation." Clarity took the bills and left the room with Flower. She was hoping that her friends would understand the difficulty of her decision, which had weighted the overall good of the group, away from jail, against the delicate situation of being engaged in the line of a Central Intelligence investigation.
"Oh, good, so were not going to jail, and were going back to Neria B on behalf of the official Sex Brigade," said Lanai. Clarity looked at Lanai, and nodded. Lanai was the one who always ignored the existence of danger, real or potential, when she didnt see it. She had such a good nature, that and all of her personality overwhelmed adversity, even in the presence of it. She reached for her jacket.
"Give me your copy of Decadence," said Clarity, "the one Knocke overlooked inside the limousine, with the passes. Its time to take a closer look at pleasure."
"Pleasure and Elony," said Flower, "if possible with Penelope. I want to know why she became a sex goddess. In fact, I think I want to have goddess sex with her."
"Yeah, we want to know what it means for her schedule to be a sex goddess," said Cynthia, looking at Jenna.
Clarity looked at Flower. When she felt like negotiating conditions for a girls outing, they could be in for hours.
"Elony, with pleasure, without paying for that lotion," said Taimi.
"Pleasure and Elony, with the DJ of Neria B," said Cynthia. She grinned at Jenna, who smiled at the coy comment.
"Personally, I like Knocke, he turns me on, hes a gentleman, and he likes to read interesting books," said Lanai. Clarity grabbed Lanais book and took a closer look at the passes. They included an ad with the name of a business, the Fuzzy Bunny fantasy clothing shop, in Nassau, a good place to start their investigation and find Avalon.
"Yeah, I think we may see Knocke again. Lets focus on Decadence, I mean on Elony, not on decadence for us, on Elony in the context of decadence, I mean, on the word Rosebud, lets say." The girls looked at her and giggled.
"You can say what you like about this mission of yours, we see that you like pleasure like us," said Cynthia. Lanai held the arm of Clarity, with a worried look on her face. Clarity sighed. If there was one thing she disliked it was her friends spotting her moments of weakness, of subconsciously having revealed that she was more turned on by their mission than what she let others see.
"Yeah, that book made an impression on you, didnt it? Have you been thinking of tupperware sex lately?" said Lanai.
Chapter Six

Clarity and the girls took a taxi out of the Wyndham Nassau and Crystal Palace Casino, instructing the driver to leave them at the Fuzzy Bunny shop, in the area of Coral Heights East, south of Providence island, near the Bacardi Rum distillery.
"Lets stop at the beach for a swim," said Cynthia. Clarity looked at the white sand and the blue water, and nearly accepted, but she convinced the group to go to the shop first. The woman at reception was stern, her face serious, her motions inquisitive.
"Wed like to attend the Elony resort, we have our passes." The woman, named Miela Ashcroft, looked at the passes that Clarity handed to her.
"Yes, theyre genuine, good, youll have to change first."
"Change?"
"Yes, you have to wear the bunny suit to get there. Try them, its a prerequisite to attend the resort. The van will be here in twenty minutes to drive you to the airport." Clarity opted for a white-eared bunny suit. Only Flower was undecided as to which bunny style she preferred.
"Im not sure, I like all of them." She grabbed one of the ears of Clarity, and folded it repeatedly right and left, playing with the ear in her hand. The woman made a call, and ten minutes later, Penelope Avalon appeared, debonaire, dressed in pink suit and smiling. She spoke with her luscious, sexy voice.
"Guests?"
"Yes, weve decided to attend the resort."
"Good, Im here to take you there. Have they signed the papers?"
"Not yet," said Miela. 
Penelopes phone rang, and her face became serious. After a few seconds of tense conversation, she pressed the off-call button and assessed the group of girls in front of her.
"Sign the papers, quick, lets go, somebodys looking for us, I think, the doorman of Neria B just called to inform me. Take care, Miela, no more guests until the next infomercial, and no more free passes to anybody. From now on, our personal growth services are pay-only. Ill see you in a few hours at Neria A."
"Got you, Ill take a charter plane as usual." She handed over five copies of a ten page vacation agreement which included the consent to becoming part of adult activities such as 'Ludi Saeculares', a set of adult games dating from the Roman era. She leafed to the last page of the agreement, and found the reference to the resort, named Neria A, located in a private area of an island in the Caribbean, unrevealed to keep the private spirit of the place intact. The girls looked at Clarity, who nodded, and each of them signed the papers. She brushed aside one of her bunny ears which kept falling in front of her, and read her own copy quickly, looking for a length of stay. The only words she found were 'indefinite stay'.
"How long is the stay?"
"It depends on you, it can be short or long. Dont worry, youll get a bottle of Elony, and remember, its free for you," said Avalon. 
The stare of the sex goddess became insistent, forcing Clarity to decide. She thought of Donway and the prospect of prison in Cuba, and sighed, having reached a decision. She was the last to sign, and handed her copy to Miela. Avalon took her passes and led them to a pink van. They drove to Nassau International Airport, bypassing the parking lot and entering the plane area through a grille, until they reached 'Love Go-Go', Avalons learjet which was being refuelled.
"Where are we going?" asked Clarity.
"Ill tell you when were flying," said Avalon. She looked at her watch nervously, as though she felt an unfriendly presence nearby. Clarity stepped last into the learjet, which smelled of executive leather. They sat on large seats that felt like first class comfort, and the plane took off, after Avalon closed the door. Lanai turned her head towards the window and one of her bunny ears flew by Clarity.
"Im your guide for beauty and pleasure, consider me your private instructor on orgasm and personal development. Do you have questions on Decadence, that book is crucial for your initiation of worldly pleasures."
"Wordly pleasures, I like that," said Taimi.
"I didnt know we were being initiated into anything," said Cynthia.
"Its part of the package we found, whats our first pleasure?" asked Clarity.
Penelope didnt answer. She pressed on a button and the floor panels sided open, revealing a vertical wind tunnel. She pressed on a button again and the wind tunnel activated, acting as indoor skydiving area. Flower stood up and jumped in with her usual, careless enthusiam, to engage in the untested waters of a new endeavor. She came face to face with Clarity, her body lying horizontally, while Clarity stared at her, standing up.
"Im floating," said Flower. Her dress lifted off to the ceiling of the plane, leaving her in white underwear and sandals.
"That should feel more comfortable," said Penelope.
"Im comfortable, I just dont know where my dress went." Penelope used a stick with a hook to get Flowers dress. She walked towards the washroom door, throwing the dress inside a clothe washup tube.
"Its warm where were going, an island in the Bahamas, no need for a dress."
"Can I do that," asked Taimi.
"Sure, the Love Go-Go can take up to ten indoor skydivers." Taimi and Cynthia took off their bunny clothes, staying in underwear, and jumped on the air tunnel.
"Come join us, Clarity, this is fun," said Cynthia. The clothes of the girls were lifting off too quickly. Penelope wanted them without clothes to assert her influence over them, of that Clarity was certain. Yet, the woman was friendly, and made her feel comfortable. In addition, things were going well, and they had avoided jail for now. The only problem, she thought, is that they only had ten dollars each.
"Just a second, Im going to the bathroom first. Lanai, can you explain that section of Decadence that I dont understand to Penelope?" Lanai lifted her eyebrows, as she took off her bunny ears.
"That section, that section, oh yes, that section, yes, no problem, Ill do that. Penelope, come here, theres a section on the pleasure of contemplation which my friend doesnt completely understand. In fact, I dont understand why there are four levels of heaven, and why heaven is so real for this book." The woman in pink suit approached Lanai, and Clarity smelled her perfume for the first time as the Elony spokesperson walked in front of her, leaving her cell phone on the round table of the learjet.
It was Chanel number five, Clarity was sure of that, a scent developed by master perfumer Ernest Beaux for Gabrielle 'Coco' Chanel, which included the smell of Rose, jasmine, orris-iris-root and natural musks. Cynthia had introduced her to the famous perfume, and she had never considered buying it on her own due to the expensive price, but the scent was unique, and she remembered it well. She came to realize that the oddity was the presence of the perfume with the loose pink suit. The casual look of the suit, more apt to a Vegas showgirl, didnt match the elegance of the perfume. Working at Elony or for Elony really did have the effect of changing someone. That scared Clarity but also made her mission tremendously attractive.
Despite the perfume-clothing oddity, Clarity became attracted to Avalon in one go, not only physically, but to all of her, and to her way of life, including her suit. She nearly walked towards her to kiss her. She wanted to be a sex goddess like her, not forever, but enough to know what Avalon knew about the intimate pleasures of a woman. Immediately, she focused her stare on the go-gos cell phone. Knowing that her temptation of knowing pleasure up close was not completely devoid of frivolous self indulgence, Clarity took the communication phone item of Penelope while the go-go girl wasnt looking, and stepped inside the luxurious bathroom, dialing the number of Shazaiah, a good friend and the woman who had kindly invited them as entertainers on the ocean liner City of Wellington.
"This is Clarity, were in trouble."
"Where are you?"
"Were on a plane going to a private resort in one of the islands of the Bahamas, and Central Intelligence is tracking us. Im slightly altered by the fact that we may not be able to leave."
"What can I do to help?"
"Can you try and find us?"
"Ill give it a go, what am I looking for?"
"Some type of hedonist resort, there shouldnt be that many in the Bahamas. The resort is owned by Cassandra Scafarel, the owner of a cosmetics business empire." She calmed down, hearing the reassuring sound of Shazaiah saying that they should simply do what is more or less expected of them. The phone went dead, because the battery was empty. It was time to return the phone to Penelope, and to test the wind tunnel.
Chapter Seven

Clarity opened the window of the grey and cream A8 Marathon Checker taxi with checkerboard trim, built in Kalamazoo, Michigan, and stared at the giant sign announcing the name of the 'Decadent Leisure' resort owned by Cassandra Scafarel, 'Hexas Style Resort, Eleuthera Branch'. They had landed in the island of Eleuthera, in the Bahamas. The girls beside her giggled at the site of the naked sentinel at the entrance turret. The small tower was shaped as a cocktail glass made of wood, including a straw rising from the top. The guard was performing his due dilligence daywatch duties, nightstick in hand, but 'au Naturel'.
While Jenna reached back to get a closer look at the guard, Clarity read the small letterprint on the sign: Nudity laws of the Bahamas do not apply inside this Hexas Style resort for Adults Only. Elony beauty lotion is not included with your stay in the island of Eleuthera, nor are many amenities included in our personal development program. Remember a hot tub also serves its original purpose to simply relax, and remember to eat before and after each Hexas Style pleasure. The current lawsuit with Atrium Resorts may affect the length of your stay.
"Well start with some pool games, to bring meaning to the word fountain fun," said Penelope.
"I love pool games," said Jenna.
"Everyones so good looking here," said Cynthia. Clarity looked at the well kept grassline on both sides of the road leading to their accomodations and listened to the conversation between two attractive women walking a few feet away towards a log cabin. Dressed casually in white color lace hipster briefs and strapless bras made by 'Agent Provocateur', the two good looking women in their thirties were discussing the effect of an Elony-based supplement on their lovemaking, a moisturizing emollient which kept the surface of the clitoris sensitive.
"I didnt think it would bring me to climax several times. I mean a single drop kept it tingling for hours."
"I saw you, you did really well with that lotion, it works, must be the way they boiled the purified water in the lotion. Ill buy a bottle of it I think." The natural, calm look of the women, combined with the topic of the conversation, rarely heard in public, aroused Clarity, and made her feel revitalized and healthy at the same time. At times, she spoke of casual sex with Lanai and Cynthia, but never with such openness or explicitness of depiction. That sense of being in a forbidden area of pleasure, rarely shown in society, stirred her own feminine waters, bringing the arousal to the surface of her thinking, and raising her body temperature. She let go of some tension in the chest area and gratified herself in the subsequent relaxing sensation of warmth.
"Why are there only women here?" asked Lanai. Avalon seemed annoyed by the comment.
"Men are only in charge of security here, their presence is accessory. Only Cassandra and Avene can indulge in pleasure with them, and only they can take turns with Knocke. The men are extremely loyal to both Cassandra and Avene, but only to both of them. I still dont understand why. By the way, no one calls Cassandra Cassandra. Shes Lady Scafarel for all of us."
Avalon led them to their quarters, named 'Propylaea Collonade A', a series of modern low rises decorated with stone carvings, before carefully dividing the girls into two groups. One group included Lanai, Jenna, Taimi, and Flower, while she was assigned a room with an ocean view, with Cynthia. Lanai knocked on their door and Penelope opened. Clarity became aware that they had no money, no passports, no return ticket, and no way of letting Donway know their location. She started inquiring about the possible ways to leave Hexas.
"Do you know where our passports are, Id like to think that you kept them?" asked Clarity.
"Thats out of my reach, now, Maxene placed them inside Lady Scafarels personal item."
"An item of pleasure?" asked Lanai.
"An item for personal belongings, sort of a safe, but not really, its jewelry as well. Take a closer look, its there." Avalon pointed to a large painting on the far wall of the room, depicting an intricate egg made of varicolored gold, opalescent blue enamel and watercolor on ivory. Clarity walked towards the painting, looking at the title etched in copper, at the bottom: Xenia Imperial Pelican Faberg egg - Private Collection of Maria Feodorovna, Empress Consort of Russia. 1898.
"Thats where our passports are, I see, its a hefty egg, kind of an oddity," said Lanai.
"This egg is unknown to most cosmopolites today, it is an objet de fantaisie unlike any other Faberg eggs, it was commissioned by Maria Feodorovna exclusively to provide, handle and store all of her private items of pleasure. It went through the hands of Occidental Petroleum tycoon Armand Hammer, an art collector with close ties with the Soviet Union. No one knows what happened after Hammer owned it, a similar egg is in the U.S. at the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts, but no one knows about this one, except well informed people like Lady Scafarel."
"I guess were part of her pleasure, now, Lady Scafarels pleasure, that is," said Lanai, "why would she do that, the empress I mean, Maria Feodorovna?"
"Russian society at the time was very conservative. This was the outlet of feminine pleasure that nobody knew existed. And Cassandra is one of the few people who know what was inside, in fact some of those items are part of our advanced, personal development offerings. Even I dont know of them yet, still working on stage three, understanding how to bring affluence without use of material items."
"Advanced offerings, meaning," said Cynthia.
"Heaven number four, the last and definite stage in your understanding of pleasure, once youve understood how to handle Elony in a comprehensive way, without money, by the way." She turned her head towards Clarity. "Whats your name?"
"Clarity," said the teleoperator.
Clarity inquired about the location of Scafarel within the resort. When she was present at Hexas, Scafarel stayed in a large stone building replica of the ancient Minoan palace of Knossos, a Greek mythological site excavated by archaeologist Arthur Evans, alledgedly built by Daedalus, who made wings of feathers and wax to escape the palace with his son Icarus.
"How do you pay for things around here?" asked Clarity.
"There is no money at Hexas, everything revolves around the notion of service. Youll see, its our first stage in personal development, its heaven to do away with money, once you try it."
Chapter Eight

Clarity paid attention to the Imperial egg depicted on the painting on the wall of her room. According to an illustration below the egg, the egg was hollow, and unfolded into a screen of four miniatures, made with ivory, each depicting a particular heaven. She was deeply attracted to the notion of creating a heaven through material items, somehow the thought of adults being able to live in harmony, turned her on tremendously, touching a delicate fiber of her spiritual nature, naked. She stepped closer to the miniatures, but couldnt grasp the illustrations depicted with enough clarity to understand them. She turned her back and saw Lanai and Cynthia lying on their stomach, while Avalon was sitting astride on them, caressing their back.
"I love the service here," said Lanai.
"What is inside those miniatures," asked Clarity.
"Each miniature explains a particular notion of heaven that Maria Feodorovna actually embodied," said Avalon. 
"Heaven is a notion particular to religion, it has nothing to do with someones real life, it has to do with the afterlife."
"Thats not the case, Clarity, Im in heaven right now," said Lanai.
"Me too," said Cynthia, "lets postpone the pool games, in fact, this is better. Clarity, take that suit off Penelope, she needs to be comfortable to provide a relaxing massage."
Clarity looked at their friends and noticed Avalon pulling down her zipper to expose her perfect thirty five inch cleavage. Avalon wasnt saying anything, she simply reached for the blouses of Lanai and Cynthia, and unbuttoned them, before doing the same with their bras. Then, she spoke to Clarity.
"You like the egg, thats nice, well, heaven is more than a notion, its something very specific and present on earth, simply its not something which is very well known yet." Avalon pointed Clarity towards a large feather on a chest of drawers, and the teleoperator with auburn hair reached for it, standing beside the bed where her friends were dozing off.
"So what are the four heavens offered here?" she asked.
"Well, first heaven is doing away with money. Second heaven is under way with your friends, its understanding how to use Elony erotically instead of just as beauty lotion. The third is more intricate, it involves ceremonial offerings and long hours of high sex, and the fourth means you simply dont leave here anymore, once you know of it. I cant tell you what it is until youre ready. But Ive been told, youre permanent."
"Permanent, what does that mean, in terms of our ranking," said Cynthia.
"Youre staying here for a while," said Avalon.
"Good, lets work on heaven number one," said Lanai.
"Yes, Ill check to ensure shes reached it," said Cynthia. Penelope glared at Clarity, who started sensing that Avalon simply wanted to be with her friends right away without her being present. Somehow, Avalon had seen that Clarity wasnt as easy a guest at Hexas Style.
"Theres lotion in my cabin, Parthena area, Artemis room. Could you do me a favor and get a large bottle of Elony from my closet?" Clarity handed the feather to Avalon, who placed it on the back of Lanai, at the base of her spine.
"Yes, no problem, Ill get the lotion in y0ur cabin."
"Leave your clothes there, on my bed, you wont need them," said Avalon smiling.
Clarity left their room, room delta phi kappa in Collonade A, and walked casually towards the cabin of Penelope Avalon. In the distance, she could see a group of women dressed in white, translucent togas, playing volleyball on a sand area. All areas of the resort were indicated by poles with woodden arrows on top. For a second, she was tempted to take her clothes off and walk back to her room naked with a bottle of Elony, but a passage of Decadence on the permanent nature of pleasure made her think again. Instead of going towards the 'Parthena' area, she followed directions to the accounting area, coming face to face with Miela, the woman from the Fuzzy Bunny shop in Nassau. Her face was serious, but she seemed more at ease inside the resort.
"Well, hello Miela, nice to see you again. Hey, Penelope sent me, can you get a bottle of Elony for Penelope in her room, shes busy now building heaven number one with my friends, in 'Propylaea Collonade A', and told me to get acquainted with the accounting department so that I can do away with money here, simply working." Miela didnt react, but Clarity didnt lose her nerve.
"Simply working, no money, thats the idea here to do away with money here, to reach the first stage in our personal development?" Miela kept her pokerface and took several seconds to answer Clarity, because she couldnt understand why Clarity was asking the question.
"Yes, that is the case, you work to attain pleasure here, without any money, which friends are with Penelope?" asked the woman. She lifted from the chair and eyed the cleavage of Clarity, brushing against her jeans.
"The one with black hair, and the one who looks like a cheerleader, Cynthia."
"Keep my spot over there, in the accounting room, Ill be back in three hours. Dont touch anything and read the accounting manuals, theyre on that bench over there."
"No problem, my pleasure, I mean your pleasure."
Clarity opened the door of the accounting room. She checked the computer and opened the accounting software application. Before working as teleoperator at Stevenson Garden Products, Cynthia had brought her to the accounting and treasury department where she had worked as assistant to a manager in charge of sending transfers prepared by the accountants. She was familiar with treasury operations, and found with little effort, the file corresponding to the transfers performed that day.
She looked for evidence of fraud at Hexas, but couldnt find any indication about Elony, its cost, or where it was manufactured or distributed. There was about twenty thousand dollars in the cash account of Hexas, enough to alert someone of their presence. The name 'Atrium Cubiculum' surfaced among several payers to Hexas. The rival resort, a replica of a Patrician roman home, paid Hexas for their safe deposit boxes, made of cement, and Hexas was in charge of delivering and installing them. 
She looked at the Atrium file, which was linked to the accounting file, and found out that several safe deposit boxes were being destroyed daily at Atrium. Below one of the receipts from Atrium, she found a wire transfer sent from Hexas to Knockes bank account in the Bahamas, for 'Atrium Safe Deposit Refurbishings, Recyclings, and Permanent Erasings.' Knocke was the one who was destroying the boxes at Atrium to scare away customers and close the place, thought Clarity. Quickly becoming familiar with the wire transfer computer icons and menus, she sent a transfer in the amount of three hundred dollars, to Atrium, titled 'help us, were trapped at Hexas Style, they want us here forever, and theyre destroying your safe deposit boxes', and closed all files. She looked around the room, and heard the sound of a pigeon near the window. Three pigeons were held in a cage, which said 'Nassau regular mail for Lady Scafarel - Eleuthera airmail Transport Company - send to Neria B every seven days to the care of Buddha Talk'. The pigeons, my luck, she thought.
Looking closer at the pigeons, she noticed each had a metal tag attached to their legs. One of them had the name Neria B written on the tag. She wrote a quick message on a piece of paper explaining the location of Hexas Style in Eleuthera to Donway, and placed the pulp item on one of the pigeon legs, attaching it with an elastic. Carefully, she picked up the pigeon and set it free through the window, watching it as it flew away above the cabins of the resort. Then, she dialled a Nassau number to leave a message at the Wyndham for the Brigade Inspector, just in case the pigeon faltered. 
Unfortunately, the phone line was down, it didnt work, nothing new or modern seemed to work at Hexas, everything was old fashioned, according to the fashion of the ancient Greek, in fact. She wasnt ready at all to accept the notion that she was a permanent guest of the Greek resort, but didnt want Donway at the resort so soon either, until they found enough evidence to arrest Scafarel for fraud. She sighed and closed the window, watching the two remaining pigeons look at her. At least one single pigeon was able to get out of Hexas Style on its own.
Chapter Nine

Clarity listened to the pleasant churping of the birds at the Hexas Style resort, a sound coming from outside the window of the accounting room. She peeked outside and saw a self standing fountain colonnade made with cream colored travertine, of six sculpted feminine figures depicting the maidens of Karyai, one of them streaming water intermitently into a rock basin filled with water. In front of the fountain, a woman in bikini covered by a translucent white toga moved around, trying to catch and swallow the water stream from one of the stone maidens before the stream hit the basin. Clarity waved at her to say hi.
"What are you doing?" The woman turned to Clarity and approached the window.
"Im trying to catch flaw, thats the meaning of the purified water of this fountain of feminine perfection. My name is Optesia."
"What work do you do here, I mean to avoid paying services offered with money."
"Im a Hestian, Ive overcome the need for money, and Im starting to understand how to become a perfect hostess to reach heaven number two. Perfection is simply catching flaw before it happens, before the water falls to the ground, so to speak, and this effort of catching water strengthens my will."
"I see," said Clarity, "Im different, perfections still trying to catch on to me,  my flaws are endless, out of bounds really, thats why I prefer to use Elony only to tan. Well, have a fun search of perfection."
A beeping noise scattered Claritys thoughts. It was an alarm clock, alerting Miela of imminent lunch time. The front door of the office opened in one go, revealing the tilted head of Knocke holding a walkie talkie spitting air weather messages.
"What are you doing here?" asked Knocke. Claritys ideas tumbled with the sudden presence of the unpleasant man in charge of security. All of the momentous wisdom received by way of the Elony infomercial and the observance of Scafarels egg merged in Claritys mind into a single idea.
"Simply learning accounting, Im doing work, to make up the fact that I have no money, that is I work to provide a service," said Clarity.
"Yes, still, what are you doing here in particular," said Knocke. 
"My service will be useful, hopefully, here and outside this resort. And I will have observed in accounting terms exactly how much money I would have earned in order to pay for the service such as lunch, which is not included here, I think. Would you like to come to lunch with me?"
"No, no meals are included here. But you got it wrong, you should be learning to live completely without money, simply exchanging service. What did you touch, Miela should be here," said the head of security. He spoke briefly on his walkie talkie for a few minutes, and kept Clarity from moving towards the door. After ten minutes, Miela came in, with her usual look devoid of smile, glaring at Clarity immediately.
"I spoke with Penelope, this ones bound for the bath immediately," said Miela, "she lied to me, she refused Elony and just wants to leave, a bit sturdy of head." In such cases of being clearly outnumbered, Clarity opted for distracting the attention of the attacking guerilla members, by focusing their attention on other members, who might not be sharing equally in the dangers of the mission.
"Where are my friends, what are you doing with them?"
"Your friends are being put to work, just like you will be, in your own way. The girl named Lanai has been sent to study the book of Decadence in more detail with other scribes. The women named Taimi will be a lifeguard of Lady Scafarels pool until she proves her usefulness. Your roommate, Cynthia, has been a cheerleader, shes in good shape. She will be an assistant of Penelope and will be trained to become a go-go at Neria B like her. And your friends Jenna and Flower will become Hestian servants, attending to the maintenance of Hexas Style as hostesses."
Miela led Clarity to the living area of Penelope Avalon, while Knocke called on two private assistants of Avalon, dressed as French maids, to personally take Clarity to her balneae, a hot area meant for washing out any spiritual sturdiness after entering Hexas Style. The two elegant maids, Lavia and Lidia, about thirty years of age, led Clarity into a fresh room scented with white rose petals. Lavia led Clarity to a changing room and started to unclothe her, while Lidia watched.
"What is happening exactly?" asked Clarity.
"You have to stay in the washing pool naked for two hours, then well take you to your room, which is next to Penelopes bedroom. Youre her private assistant now, its a good job, you might even know some day whats inside Lady Scafarels Faberg egg. The meaning of permanent pleasure."
"I thought Penelope didnt like my presence at the accounting area."
"She didnt but you showed presence of mind, Penelope likes that."
"I see, how come you dont want to leave this place?"
"Were happy here, there are compensations of deep pleasure and satisfaction in return for working for Lady Scafarel. Seeing someone like you coming in, inexperienced, for instance, naked."
Clarity became suddenly aroused when she noticed the two women were staring at her naked body. Intimate parts of her became firm, paying tribute to both women. She walked in front of the two maids and stepped inside a bath filled with silky white milk.
"What is this fluid, its so silky and nice."
"Its much better than Elony, its authentic goat milk, thickened with cream, what the Roman matrons did to stay young. Just think of your body while youre inside, and how open it can be, your meridians will also open eventually. Listen to your body, by observing how your pleasure moves inside, instead of adding noise by making contact with your body with your hands. Avoid touch, and the gate of permanent pleasure will open." The other maid brushed the mini skirt of the one who had spoken, lifting it, showing her tanned bum.
"Were Greek, you shouldnt say that, with the Atrium lawsuit going on, Lady Scafarel dislikes anything Roman these days."
"Youre right." She turned to Clarity. "Youre a Greek Goddess now, simply think that youre built for long lasting pleasure, and that were helping you discover where that pleasure, dormant until now, lies."
After five hours, Clarity stepped out of the bath area, helped by the maids who had ensured Clarity stayed bathing for three hundred minutes. They gave her a light plate with grilled vegetables and mineral water, before leading Clarity to her bed. She felt relaxed and warm, and at the same awake and aroused by the long bath and the two women simply watching her through. Her body called to be touched, yet an idea came into her mind. What if she didnt touch her body to calm the natural instincts of a woman as she usually did?
After a few seconds of digesting this new way of relating to herself, she kept with her idea, struggling at times to simply feel her body pleasure instead of wanting pleasure and destroying refined perception through touch itself. Thoughts of Penelope providing advice on how to heighten her own arousal entered her mind, and her stomach area simply relaxed with a pleasant burning sensation coming from her lower body.
She focused her mind on her navel and felt the sudden sensation that she was good, very good, a good woman blessed with the virtue of being pleasant, a woman knowing what it meant to be good, a woman liking to be good, a strong woman who was very healthy and also very good looking. Oh God, she was so good looking, she loved her body, every single facet of it.
A rush came into her head and her thoughts merged into a sense of sublime unity, closeness, proximity, with God, the universe, and her own sense of purpose, warmed by a feeling of intense orgasm and sexual ecstasy simply pervading her body from her stomach to her head. After thirty long minutes of experiencing this new way of relating to herself and sensing her own pleasure, allowing it to rise and fall, instead of wanting it, her mind returned to thinking mode, and her arousal lowered all the way to a neutral, normal sense of being. 
Shed reached heaven, heaven number four, real heaven for the first time in her life, and didnt know how it had happened. Simply, she was built like that, to experience sexual ecstasy. Now, the question became how to get out of her golden cage, getting in touch with her friends, and how to avoid the other three heavens she didnt need, associated with Elony, a beauty lotion she didnt need either, while figuring out the real motives of Penelope Avalon, an ambivalent presence in her life, someone completely unsure of her own virtue, unlike her.
Chapter Ten

Clarity woke up refreshed around eight AM the next morning, listening to an Audubon Shearwater, a common tropical seabird found in the Bahamas, which shed seen on the cover of a National Geographic magazine. She glanced at the lounge chair before her, looking for her washed jeans and loafers. She noticed her clothes had disappeared, taken by Lavia or Lidia most likely, and substituted by a thick, white cotton towel. The smell of scrambled eggs from across the room stirred her apetite. The door opened and her friend Lanai appeared smiling carrying a platter of eggs with broiled potatoes, shrimp, watermelon, apple and pineapple pieces, along with a mug steaming hot earl grey tea.
"I brought you breakfast, you havent been good Penelope tells us, were just letting you know that were through with money, weve reached heaven number one," said Lanai. Clarity rubbed her eyes and got up, grabbing the towel to cover herself. Behind Lanai, Clarity saw Jenna, Flower, Cynthia and Taimi, each with their schedule for the day, each carrying a copy of Decadence, talking lively with Avalon, Knocke and Miela.
"Jenna and Cynthia are going to test items of pleasure for Hexas, Taimis going to meet Lady Scafarel, and were all getting room and board in return. Its a good deal," said Lanai. "Im learning massage directly from Penelope, and Im in charge of reading Decadence. The books pretty good, it has some good points." 
"Did they tell you that we can recover our passports?"
"Not really, but they didnt say we couldnt, or that we couldnt leave either. We just have to test some pleasure equipment made for women, and see whether its better with or without Elony. After a couple of weeks, well leave the place, and well have spent a lovely vacation here."
"Elonys not approved by the FDA, Lanai."
"It smells very nice though, you should try a little. Permanent pleasures not so bad Clarity, this place is special, and I want to know whats in that Faberg egg after I finish reading Decadence. Penelope gave a body to body massage to Jenna and Cynthia with her breasts and let me watch them. I was taking notes, we were all naked, it was not only fun, Penelope knows what shes doing with her pleasure, she knows where to touch exactly, she found my rosebud, and it wasnt where I thought it was, its not right above our petals."
"The rosebuds a pretty clear description for me, when its active, you see the rosebud, when its not, you dont see it," said Clarity.
"No, according to Decadence, the rosebud is below your navel and goes through to the sacral area, its called the wheel of self, the center of your emotions, satisfaction and creativity, our very pleasure principle. Anyway, just wanted to let you know that thats how I overcame money, by focusing on my other rosebud and reading specific passages of Decadence several times."
"I see, well my rosebuds different, its not as proactively aligned with this resort or with Avalon yet. Im not through with money, I like money, I love the idea of money, wealth and prosperity. In fact, Im going to let Avalon know that Id like to see some real money, after breakfast, as soon as I find my clothes."
Clarity ate breakfast, enjoying the scrambled eggs and the fruit. She placed aside her plate and lifted her eyes. Lanai was leaving Avalons Periplae collonade, and she waved good bye at Clarity. The girls left with Miela and Clarity felt lost and isolated without them. She looked at Knocke and Avalon, pleading for kindness.
"Good, were going to place you in a pleasure dilemma, lets do it in my room, I need to know why youre so attached to money," said Avalon. Claritys thinking turned to the showgirl dressed in pink. Knocke led her to Avalons room. Knocke left the room and closed the door, leaving her with Avalon for the first time.
"Well, how does it feel to work for a sex goddess like me?" said Avalon. Clarity tugged her towel to her right shoulder.
"You crave my attention, dont you?" said Clarity. Avalon glared at Clarity and jumped out of her pink suit getting naked before her. Clarity had never seen such a perfect body. Her breasts were apple shape perfect, her waist slim, her legs long, her bum firm and perky, her features refined, her light brown hair thick and shiny, and her gait athletic. She was shaved everywhere. She brushed the towel off Clarity and sat her down on a light wood chair near the rooms desk, which displayed her image through a mirror across.
"I am the owner of my own attention," said Penelope.
"Your subtle power ways reveal your true intention, to take my sexual strength, whatever form it may take and however long it may take you." Avalon lifted her hands off Clarity.
"You may be wise some day, but youre not seeing properly. Heres the choice, Clarity, your friends have been more reasonable than you, theyre simply having a good time and they chose well. Either you work for me for the next five years willingly, or your friends will be sent away from the resort to work for the various businesses of Lady Scafarel related to pleasure, elsewhere, outside the Bahamas. We received orders from Buddha Talk to keep you here until further notice. He said you entered Lofty Bank through the golf cart vault entrance, and no one does that without signing the fifty year work lease agreement with Lofty, which you havent done."
"Im still trying to figure out the investment profile of Loftys twenty percent return investment deposit." Avalon placed her hands on her shoulders and looked at her with suspiciously lewd intentions.
"Loftys for high profile investors, you dont have that kind of money, you need my guidance to show you affluence and wealth, but thats after heaven number four for you." Clarity had to accept that she liked affluence, although she sensed that Avalon knew more about the Cayman Islands bank deposit. Clearly, Avalon was seducing her, but oddly, the seduction was working.
"So, assuming I work with you, not for you, Im going to learn the secrets of feminine pleasure from you and get my clothes back?"
"Yes, were training you to become skilled at understanding feminine pleasure, very precisely. Youll feel very, very clean. Your friends are good, but youre better, youre set for my position when I move on to a position closer to that of Lady Scafarel. That may happen in five years if you do good work with me distributing Elony." Clarity got up and reached for the towel that Avalon had thrown on the bed. She let the attractive beauty lotion goddess know that she liked some aspects of the offer, like seeing good looking, affluent women naked and being able to understand how they thought.
"My rosebud is at odds, I need some time to think it over, can you get me to that intricate egg displayed in our room?" Avalon smiled and nodded.
 "No, but you can tell me about your rosebud anytime, though, honey."
Clarity blushed but held the stare. She couldnt help lowering her eyes after a minute towards Avalon lower navel area. God, she was so nice and clean, and feminine, strong, young, sexy and healthy. And older, a few years older. Yet, it was her vanity which prevented her to walk forward into her arms and kiss her. Avalon opened the door and walked naked to the main entrance leaving Clarity on her own, locked inside. Clarity stepped outside the go-gos room and noticed a bottle of Elony by a shelf near the entrance of Avalons low rise. She reached for the bottle of Elony and looked at the expiration date. Oddly, the lotion had expired. Using a clip, she erased the date and exchanged the bottle with the bottle of Elony that was placed on Avalons night table. Minutes later, Avalon came back with her clothes.
"Deal, Ill work as your assistant and be your fuzzy bunny," said Clarity.
Avalon placed her loafers at the bedside and threw the washed jeans and white cotton panties to the teleoperator with auburn hair.
"Excellent, some day youll be a sex goddess like me," said Avalon.
Chapter Eleven

Clarity listened to an odd eastern tonality, while she performed a few interesting chores for Avalon, like placing several boxes of Elony near the entrance of Avalons apartment, and ordering the various collections of her white, embroidered lingerie in a set of open drawers, which is how Avalon liked to display her clothes. She followed the sound and saw the source of it. Laid on top of one of the intimate clothing drawers, she picked up a device meant as a cell phone, one that looked like a Blackberry but different, longer.
This device had a different type of keyboard, with more than the twenty six letters of the western alphabet. The keys were magnificent, white against grey plastic background, and a backlit screen, with characters displaying an exotic language, one shed never seen before. She counted thirty five distinct symbols in the keyboard. She turned the device around, to the part including the batteries. An unknown brand name etched against the surface of the plastic sprang to attention, 'Pentatone Scale Remote Learning Systems'.
"I got that from Lady Scafarel, its a Thai alphabet calligraphy and symbolic decriptor, it also serves as mantra tone guide and as a full range cell phone using the Global Positioning System."
"Very nice, I see it also uses three, small, round batteries, its a very low consumption item, where did you get it, Ive never heard of this brand or seen these characters before." Clarity turned around and caught Penelope taking off her clothes bending away from her to look at a set of sandals, showing her legs, behind and lips in perfect alignment. Her breathing fastened despite her. She stepped closer to her and noticed the long shaft protecting her rosebud. Avalon noticed Clarity and donned a pink cotton shirt and button jeans, without any panties.
"Singapore, these suppliers cant be found anywhere, theyre extremely difficult to reach. Theres less than ten made of these in the world." Clarity changed the subject.
"Why cant anybody see whats in Lady Scafarels egg?"
"No one can open that egg, Ive been working here for five years and I havent figured out how to do it. Pleasure is the greatest reward, Clarity, but its also difficult to reach consistently. Everyday tasks get in the way." Clarity stepped towards the kitchen counter to grab a bottle of strawberry juice, but stumbled on one of the Elony boxes hidden from view.
"Where are these boxes being distributed, where are they going?"
"Somewhere in Asia and Middle East for our preferred customers, its a booming market over there, they love Elony, and ever since I saw Emmanuelle on video, I love oriental women. Ever tried one?"
The casual question surprised Clarity. With every question and comment, Avalon was aiming to break her will, to engage her in Avalons style of pleasure with women. Her own arousal at the question told her to be careful with her answer, because her body was telling her to let go of all inhibition.
"No, I like my body the way it is now, I dont need sex with someone else to show it to me." Avalon stepped towards Clarity and opened the teleoperators white cotton blouse, running her hands between her cleavage until she reached her navel. Clarity bit her lip slightly, gasped, and buttoned her blouse calmly.
"Oriental women are different from us, Clarity, they accept their feminine nature very naturally and are very willing to share it with other women. I learned a lot from several Thai Airlines hostesses. Had hours of satisfying sex with them, and finally learned how to use Elony, by placing a small drop of it on the rosebud, simply observing it."
"How many hours?" asked Clarity. She knew she was teasing Avalon, but wanted to keep the Elony infomercial actress receptive. Avalon bent forward against the table, opening her blouse, brushing her breasts against the table, and smiled.
"Seven hour sessions, that was my longest, some of them can go twenty four hours having sex."
Clarity let out a sound mocking Avalon. That woman was in better shape than she thought.
"That doesnt exist, twenty four hours of sex straight doesnt exist."
"It depends on what you view as sex," said Avalon. She stared at Clarity directly, wanting to know her expression on her face. Claritys eyes were wide open, still digesting the answer. She had never felt so attracted by another woman, a woman five years older than her which knew much, much more about the sensual raptures of being a woman.
The door opened and Miele came into the room, agitated, and naked from the waist up. A necklace of white pearls adorned her waist.
"Its Atrium, someone from the Sex Investigation Brigade is there now looking at the papers of our lawsuit with them, Knocke barely had two minutes to leave in a taxi without being seen. Apparently, someone from the Brigade at Neria B received a message from one of our pigeons here revealing the location of Hexas Style. Theyre also examining the mortar and I think they may know that Knocke has been breaking the deposit boxes of guests there to drive them away from the resort."
Clarity looked away and stepped into the large closet of Penelope, simply listening to the conversation between both women. She saw Avalon dial a number on her Thai language communicator, and she started speaking gutural sounds to another person. After a few minutes, she turned off the phone.
"Find out who they sent. Put away the pigeons in the mansion, and stop all the conference calls sent out to Bahamas tour operators. The Brigade, it must be Money Fact, that woman will pay, she owes me a pink Pentatone, I beat her last time we fought." Clarity peeked her head from the closet and spoke briefly.
"How did you fight exactly?"
"She was a go-go undercover at China White in London, while I was ensuring that Elony became mass-produced. She nearly seduced me by playing legroll in her apartment, and there was a pink Pentatone at stake, the only one that has ever been built in pink. We sat across naked and folded our legs at knee level, one inside the other. We agreed that the one that pulled the other woman off the ground would win. She won but she told me who she really was before she pulled, told me that she worked for Central Intelligence, and that I was under arrest. I left, but since then, were sworn enemies. I cant stand losing at legroll, ever since I was placed on the waiting list of Jubilee dancers in Vegas."
"Whats the nature of the lawsuit with Atrium?" asked Clarity.
"Its simple, we disagree over the definition of pleasure," said Avalon, "over the meaning of it in fact. But we want to take over that resort."
Chapter Twelve

Clarity rubbed some Elony lotion on the back of Avalon, while the infomercial spokeswoman rested her breasts against her bed, to prevent the air oxidation process from reaching her chest. According to her, the less the breasts were exposed to air particles, the better. Clarity took a closer look at Avalons white panties, lifting the garnments tag to verify the brand, in case she ran into Avalon at a toga party. Avalon was wearing an extra small ivory color Isabella thong by Myla, made of dusk silk satin, Elastene, and cotton gusset lining. It exposed her backside completely, revealing no tan lines. She tapped her bum with one of her hands. Not a bad choice.
"I feel this rash, I dont know what it is," said Avalon. "Is the air conditioning on?" Clarity checked the ventilation panel at face level near the entrance door.
"Yes."
"Lets go check the Agora, at the Attalos area of the resort, we might have to leave earlier than planned." Avalon got up and Clarity saw her firm breasts less than three feet away from her. They were apple-shaped, pleasing to the eye, nurturing, healthy, and tan. She made an effort to avoid gibbering nonsense to the attractive woman, who donned her pink suit.
"Leave, with us, you mean, where?"
"Well see, we have to know whos after us exactly."
They left Avalons collonade and walked through a playground for adults which included a crystal clear pool and several palm trees. At the core of the playground, several women, dressed in transparent togas, including Jenna and Cynthia, were standing on the shade projected by a large sun dial showing local hour in Eleuthera, looking like statues. She looked at Jennas back and noticed two small solid metal beads held by a string attached to a necklace on her waist, moving left and right below her sacrum area. The sight of the beads rolling slowly on Jennas bum and pulled by gravity, aroused her immediately.
"Theyre playing time-still, they cant move for fifteen minutes, its good to strengthen their will and they meditate at the same time. Thats how I fooled the Sex Brigade at Neria B."
They followed an arrow for a few minutes to the Agora, a place to gather in the Greek city-state, a temple entirely built of marble and limestone, with an open air patio inside. Clarity stepped on the stoa of the assembly building, a covered walkway made of Doric columns, creating a secure atmosphere for those studying inside. They stepped inside the sanctuary of the temple, and found Lanai looking at a copy of Decadence held by Flower, using a magnifying glass on a large grey stone inscription filled with Greek letters. Beside her, Miela was typing on a symbolic decriptor similar to the one owned by Avalon various comments on the size of the letters and the calligraphy position with respect other letters. Lanai waved at Clarity but Miela barely lifted her eyes, simply acknowledging the presence of Avalon.
"These letters are inversed, Im not sure what they say, but they match the image in this book. You have to read this from left to right and from right to left alternatively with each line of bi-directional text. This is definitely a Boustrophedon like Flower said." The girl from Hawaii pointed to an illustration inside the book, described as the gate of Voluptas de Naturas, or the gate of pleasure.
"Where is the gate of pleasure," asked Avalon. Her impatience intrigued Clarity. To Avalon, it looked as though there actually was a real gate of pleasure in the body.
"One question," said Lanai, "these are physical points of the body, theres a correspondence with the human body in this text?" Avalon sighed, annoyed by the question. She glanced at her watch.
"Yes, now where is the gate of pleasure according to the Greek stone?"
"Im not sure, it just says along the wisdom channel, where the sense of balance and strength is held, despite possible adverse forces."
"Is it below the navel?"
"Yes, thats certain, but it might be what they call the cauldron itself, this area below the navel that serves as a sort of safe neutral energy repository for the body."
Clarity felt a tingling exactly below her navel. She remembered that she hadnt touched her intimate parts as usual the night before, and suddenly felt a delightful sensation simply looking at her friends. She was feeling an orgasm but she couldnt share the experience directly. She kept holding still, until the sensation subsided a few minutes later, allowing her to breathe more comfortably. She looked at the decorated ceiling and felt rejuvenated. Oddly, she wasnt tired.
Knocke came in with two security guards, driving a hydraulic forklift, pushing away Lanai and Flower from the stone, lifted into the truck.
"Where is the stone going?" he asked.
"Dock 2 S, by the beach, its leaving with us," said Penelope. "The private collectors not getting this, were still far off the mark on all the information the stone holds. With this, we multiply the sales of Elony by ten."
"The money of seventy three women who have reached stage two, is safe at Lofty," said Knocke. "Nearly ten million dollars in total, one hundred forty thousand a piece."
"Have the women signed?"
"Getting there, they like the idea of living in the Caribbean."
"Leave them here, weve got the money, Lofty will take over. What about stage three, those who have gone on for more than seven hours?"
"Ready for shipment, only two, Optesia and another woman, absolutely no sense of where they are, theyre simply in ecstasy, not interested in sex toys anymore. Like the Duchess of Kensington. Its astounding, I just dont understand it."
"Women are shipped here?" asked Flower. "I love the idea of being shipped, its like being a present, it makes you feel so nice and natural and gifty." Clarity ensured that Flower lowered her voice and focused on paragraph two of Decadence describing the sweet nectar of the mouth, which flourished once the gate of pleasure became open.
"Any of them reach stage four?" interrupted Avalon.
"No, Avenes still the only one beyond nine hours. Shes the only one to have seen whats in the egg." Penelope breathed with relief, as though her esteem had been spared a hit.
"I want that egg, Lance, Ive done most of the work to get these women here. Now that their moneys safe and all the cases of Elony are sold for this year, I want to see whats inside that Faberg egg like Avene Maxini and Ivory Kensington have."
"The Duchess of Kensington paid for this resort and still thinks the money is going to Atrium. You know the rules, youre still attached to money, and you have to get past nine hours of sex with another woman, without interruption, simply observing your naked body. I think Scafarel thinks you might take over the whole resort if she lets you see the egg, thats why she doesnt want you to have a private assistant. Lets get out of here first, well discuss this later," said Knocke.
"Well, I have a private assistant now, thats why Claritys coming with me."
Avalon made a call to the mansion of Scafarel, which was near the white beach area of the resort. Speaking a tongue resembling sanskrit, she nodded several times, before pressing the off button and turning off the symbolic decriptor.
"Were out of here, fuel Pink Go-Go, Im going to be the bait so that Lady Scafarel and Avene can leave. Take the girls and Miela, Im leaving with this one, with Clarity. Take all the infomercials out of you tube, and take all the women to the Lofty seven four seven at the airport."
A roaring noise interrupted them. A Bell OH-58 Kiowa Warrior single rotor reconnaissance helicopter hovered on the premises of Hexas Style. Peering from below the shaded area of the Agora of Hexas Style, Clarity looked at it more closely. A pigeon shot out of a tube protruding from the belly of the helicopter. Flying towards the ground, it regained some notion that it was a pigeon about one hundred feet from hitting one of the temple limestone roofs.
Knowing where it was, it flew towards the fountain travertine colonnade of the maidens of Karyai, hopped on the heads of one of the maids for a few seconds, and stepped inside the Hexas Style accounting area through the window. Penelope spoke to Knocke while Lanai and Flower were lifted onto the forklift with the stone.
"The pigeon, I cant believe they got the pigeon at Neria B. Thats a Central Intelligence helicopter, I recognize the five code number on the helicopters fuselage, leave the pigeons here. Ill call Scafarel to let her know she should leave on the yacht right away."
Chapter Thirteen

Clarity squinted at the scorching Bahamas sun beaming its rays on the island of Eleuthera, in order to watch Lanai walking down a meadow towards the beach, with Flower, Cynthia and Jenna. She couldnt even speak to either say good bye to the girls, who were being taken by Miela to a docking area near the sea, part of the Hexas Style pleasure seeking resort. According to a few brief orders given by Avalon, they were headed to the middle East for further training, exposure and distribution, including an appearance at an airport flashmob there. The only girl missing was Taimi, and Avalon wanted to ensure that she left the resort with Miela and the stone as well. Knocke walked towards them, speaking briefly on his cell phone with a representative from the Food and Drug Administration, in charge of the Elony case pending registration and approval.
"The Boustrophedon stone is at dock 2S, Scafarel and Maxini are there aboard the 'Naiad', I have the keys of the resort now, its ours. The FDA keeps refusing approval of the lotion for widespread distribution, Penelope, they claim that the modified dihydroxyacetone is causing side effects on the models testing the lotion, some kind of rash. The women have lost their appetite, a few are itching, the FDA doesnt understand why, but they know it happened after rubbing them with lotion, so they dont want to take risks by approving Elony."
"I told Scafarel to dismiss the idea of lowering costs too much. This is what happens when you put too much chemical in a beauty lotion. You cant sell it. She should have made the lotion organic like I told her."
Clarity walked in front of Avalon and Knocke towards the beach area. They entered Scafarels quarters, a glass and steel aerie, built on a concrete set of eight pillars sustaining the twenty thousand square feet structure elevated in the air. They climbed a stair leading to the entrance and opened the door. Avalon led her to a baronial room, the chamber where Scafarel introduced Avene Maxini, her private maid and assistant, to the pleasures of extended, high sex. The walls were painted with sentences meant to make you think, such as 'Joy is the staircase of hard work', or 'Wisdom is understanding how to treat a woman', or the less reassuring 'people are prisoners of their own thought forms', which she didnt like or share. Below the window sill, a pink shade Mae West lip sofa fetched at auction house Christies for forty three thousand dollars, gave the place an uplifting, unserious, glamorous look. Sitting on a pedestal, Clarity noticed the Faberg egg shed seen on the painting, about ten inches high. Avalon lunged forward towards the intricate item.
"She left the egg, Lance, the egg is here."
"Miela told me theres a clock somewhere in the egg, because she heard the clock ticking on the night when Scafarel performed the five hour naked massage on her. Making the clock work opens the egg."
Avalon checked the golden Pelican atop the egg, in particular its wings. She pulled a lever that turned the Pelicans head to the right, spreading one of the wings. Carefully running her hand below the wing, she spotted an indenture. She pressed on it and held her breath. The neck of the pelican stretched, the clock started ticking and the egg opened sideways, revealing eight miniatures and a single item inside, known as the surprise, always kept secret, the ultimate item of pleasure for a woman, tested for centuries by health specialists working for emperors, kings, queens and high ranking officials of the power establishment.
Avalon grabbed the item and Clarity sneaked a peek inside the egg. A few instructions written in Thai language remained inside the egg, showing how to use the item. The item was a smaller egg, two inches in length, this one solid, made of green jade, attached to a string.
"What is that stone in the shape of an egg?" asked Clarity.
"Im not sure, Ive never seen this," said Avalon, "let me take a look at the instructions and scan them." Her eyes widened with each line that she translated to English, using the scan feature of her Pentatone Scale symbolic decriptor.
"We found it Lance, the eye of the Buddha protecting woman, protecting the womans pleasure, I found it, finally. With our findings of the Greek stone, it proves the existence of sexual ecstasy."
Clarity looked at the page Avalon was holding. In it, there was a diagram depicting a temple inside a two-walled compound, bissected by a road, showing a Buddhist monastery in the Southern complex and a marble platform surrounded by mythological lions in the gateways.
"Where does this come from?" asked Clarity. Avalon flipped the instructions to a page showing a plastified bill from Thailand, a five hundred baht note depicting a temple and a man sitting on a stone throne, as though implying a debt.
"She stole this egg, she stole it from the temple of Wat Phodaram, Wat Pho, the temple of the reclining, glistening, mother of pearl Buddha, in Thailand, where the statues watch and protect ecstasy, and the subtle channels open your wisdom to the quiet mind and show you how the body works. Scafarel taught me that, but she said that I wasnt ready for the statues. Finally, I know what she meant, the statues in Bangkok, the statues of this temple, the channels, the real tools of a sex goddess."
Avalon became absorbed by the workings of the luminous jade egg, paying no attention to the Pelican Faberg egg from Maria Feodorovna. The egg was part of an oriental tradition for women to maintain longevity and sexual virtuosity.
"I have to boil it, then it will be mine," said Avalon, "finally, heaven, real heaven for me, right here, on earth, before getting old."
"How does this work, exactly" asked Clarity.
"This goes inside your lower lips, you can pull the egg out using the strings, theyre used to exercise your vaginal muscles. When you feel horny, you use the egg to become less so, when you want more arousal, you keep the egg inside longer. Its meant to be in the woman for hours, so that she understands how her inner muscles work and becomes used to grasping with them willfully. Its a way to experience the multiple orgasm with near certainty, and consistently."
Knocke looked at his watch with a look of haste on his face.
"We dont have that much time. Keep that jade egg and lets go, Scafarel must be leaving now at dock. We need to go to the cove, to ensure the large shipment of Elony is returned so that the International Sensual Brigade doesnt find anything when it gets here." Clarity raised her index finger tentatively, looking at Avalon.
"Can I pick up my clothes in your room?"
"Youre coming with us, theres no leaving this place, Clarity, Hotel California is in Eleuthera Bahamas, its this place, this resort called Hexas Style, it took me years to figure that out, but this resort was much better than Vegas, where pleasure never lasts beyond a fleeting moment of superficial sex or disposable eyelash. Now, weve just found the gate out of Hotel California, its the temple of Wat Pho in Thailand. People will pay crazy sums for this. Youll understand that we cant leave witnesses, were doing you a favor by bringing you along. You work for a beautiful woman, Clarity, deep down you wanted pleasure, you seeked it by seeking wealth inside Lofty and by coming here instead of letting your body decide when pleasure should arise, as everyone does."
The song of the Eagles entered Claritys mind. Not bad, shed finally figured out the song was wrong, and even better, she knew a way to check out of it. Still, she wanted her clothes back.
Chapter Fourteen

Clarity looked at the huge pool of Lady Scafarel decorated with white glass tiles. The surface filling the pool was white, goat milk. Immediately, an odd fin moving quickly across the length of the pool caught her eye. A great white shark measuring at least fifteen feet was performing late afternoon swimming exercises. Sitting in the lifeguard chair, Taimi was throwing into the pool large portions of raw meat every two or three minutes, which the shark simply gobbled, showing its dental apparatus and cold eye above the surface of the milk, as though ensuring that Taimi was still in her seat watching it.
"What are you up to?" asked Clarity.
"Well, Im training to feed the shark, its called Telesto, it means success in Greek. Im sort of slow learning Greek, and I didnt want to play with Avene Maxinis sex toy collection, so they figured Id learn more quickly with a shark how to detach from money to get to heaven number one. This sharks sturdy in the head. For some reason, it doesnt want to come into its sleeping corridor over there. Im not really in the mood to go and get it, so Im hoping that once its fed, it will go where this lady wants it to go." 
She pointed to a narrow stream of water which led to the sea. In the distance, Clarity could see the white sand of Eleuthera and the blue green waters of the ocean. She wished for a second that she were able to sunbathe naked with her friends, but a sudden shark fin and tail snap soaked her wet completely. She glanced at the sharks fin more closely and noticed a tag attached to it.
"Where are Lady Scafarel and Avene Maxini?" asked Avalon.
"They walked down those stairs over there by the cream color statue of Goddess Themis, and disappeared. I havent seen them for the past three hours."
"Lets get the formula of Elony on the fin, might as well sell it now," said Knocke. Avalon nodded.
"Ive seen Maxene do it once, lets see if I remember how she did it," said Avalon.
She opened a small compartment on the lifeguard chair and took out a whistle. She breathed into it several times, and the great white shark rose eight feet out of the water like an orca for several seconds, near the side of the pool. Avalon shook the fin of the shark several times and the shark stopped moving, still in the air. She reached out with her arm and grabbed a metal tag attached to the fin of the shark. The shark, feeling free, from a radio signal that was beaming insistently into its head, dove right into its sleeping area.
"Got the formula, got the formula, let go of the food, Telesto is calming down now that its not feeling that sting on its fin and the frequency in its head. Lets go to dock 1S, pick up the Autilus."
A helicopter beam of light flashed on the pool. Clarity looked up and saw the shape of the Kiowa Warrior hover above them. Finally, Donway seemed to understand that he had found the place codenamed Neria A.
"Lets go, leave the lifeguard, take your girl only," said Knocke. Avalon pressed her breasts against Clarity towards Knocke, and they ran in threesome towards dock 1S, in the south side of Hexas Style, inside a bunker made of cement. Clarity took one last look at Hexas Style, noticing that Taimi was being apprehended by two security guards called by Knocke. Breathing deeply, she walked into the darkness of docking area 1S.
Clarity stumbled into a dark staircase below the ground and saw the shape of a submersible, once her eyes got used to the shadow. They slid inside the three person yellow acrylic and steel submersible with ballast tanks, and Avalon pressed a button that closed the hard plastic hatch. The submersible dove into the sea, leaving the docking area of Hexas Style, making a whoosh sound coming from its electric power thrusters, as it cleared the water. Clarity marveled at the seafloor opening in front of them with the late afternoon sun rays beaming through the surface. Blue and yellow angelfish swam by the hundreds near the submersible, intrigued by the size of the new sea inhabitant. For fifteen minutes, they followed the coastline, until they reached a cove.
One thousand feet away, a large cargo ship displaying the flag of Liberia was anchored, showing the name 'Camco Amabulyan'. The submersible surfaced and reached the ship. Within minutes, a large crane lifted the submersible into a cargo bay container aboard the ship. Inside the cargo ship, Avalon opened the hatch and they got out of the Autilus, meeting a chubby captain in his fifties with a tan, wearing a marine cap showing the marine radar brand Furuno on it.
"Wheres the cargo?" asked Avalon. The captain shook his head, pointing towards the middle part of the ship.
"Its here inside, five hundred cases of Elony produced in the Middle East ready to be distributed in the Caribbean. Do you have the money, or the women?"
"The women are yours, theyre leaving the resort, seventy are affluent and upscale, seven are headed for the Middle East, two have reached sexual ecstasy. But we want to return the Elony shipment, Central Intelligence Brigade is on the lookout. Simply postponing payment. We should leave immediately."
Chapter Fifteen

"Youll have to say that to the Emirs power broker in Abu Dhabi," said the captain. "Hes expecting payment because he wants to invest ten million in an electric power grid monopoly in Saudi Arabia. Its a cash transaction, he takes only cash. Wheres Neria A, the item, the goat, I mean, not Hexas Style?"
"Its with Scafarel," said Avalon.
Avalon took out a symbolic decriptor from her pocket and showed it to the captain. The man calmed down and agreed to leave with the cargo of Elony, without the money or the women of Hexas Style who had reached stage four.
Clarity watched the helicopter hover near the cove. What a useless group of agents. They should be able to find us, they should notice a ship, and most importantly, they should come and find me, she thought. Her eyes wondered at the distance, and her features expressed that look that the Godfather would show before assessing a potentially difficult family situation or conflict with other families. As though listening to her intention, the Kiowa Warrior veered towards the ship, racing across the water surface, reaching the ship within twenty nine seconds flat.
Clarity saw the face of Donway beyond the glass window of the helicopter and lifted her eyebrows, waving at him, without panicking, but strongly and firmly to show she was there. A ladder dropped from the helicopter and a powerful water jet streamed from the mouth of the helicopter on Avalon and Knocke, who were pushed into a staircase against the captains belly.
Clarity grabbed the ladder before one of the members of the crew grabbed her leg, and a sudden movement of the helicopter flew her away from the ship, overlooking the ocean water. Moving like a pendulum fifty feet above the water, Clarity held on to the ladder, hoping the helicopter would find a way to settle before she settled on the ocean surface.
After five minute workout, it did settle, landing on the cargo ship. Clarity jumped into the ships floor, avoiding a surprisingly deep opening into the ships cargo bay. An attractive, athletic woman with long, shoulder length black hair, wearing a tank top, cotton shorts, and sleek, adherent rock climbing footwear, opened the helicopters door.
"Im Money Fact, Intersensual Police Brigade, Central Intelligence, High Sex Division of Seal Force First Ever Women Only Feminine Action Corps, wheres Avalon?"
"Glad to meet you, Avalons over there by the flybridge, watch out, she didnt like losing at legroll."
Donway walked briskly towards her, holding a Neria B cap with his hand to prevent it from flying away due to rotor windwhirl.
"My friends, where are my friends?" asked Clarity.
"Well, we dont know, seventy seven women including your friends have disappeared with Scafarel and her assistant."
A walkie talkie ruffled static out of Donways bermuda shorts.
"Not good, a seven four seven plane from Lofty Airlines just lifted off Bahamas airport with priority liftoff instructions coming from a Middle East Investment Fund. Your friends may be inside, one of the women getting into the plane shouted 'Decadence paragraph four' before the door closed. Unfortunately, we cant do anything now, that planes got special diplomatic clearance from the United Arab Emirates." Clarity spoke her mind, she wanted her friends back.
"Diplomatic clearance, that planes part of a Cayman Islands bank that scams as a matter of daily and jolly fact, and its also part of a fraudulent sale and distribution network of potentially skin damaging beauty lotion and even more damaging personal development services. Where is it flying?"
Knocke spoke to the captain in an Eastern European language for several minutes. The ship was meant to receive only women, in exchange for unloading the cases of Elony in Eleuthera. After reassuring the captain that his crew would not be prosecuted in U.S. territory, Donway turned his head towards Clarity.
"Its headed to the same place as this ship, Abu Dhabi," said Knocke.
Avalon and Knocke spoke enough to negotiate temporary confinement in Atrium in exchange for revealing the womens ring that Scafarel had put in place through Elony. At ten thirty in the evening, Clarity returned to her cabin. After a warm shower, she lied naked on her stomach in her cabin, inside the cargo ship. They were headed for Atrium, to gather evidence against Hexas Style and with luck, some clues about Scafarel and Maxini, and about the mysterious Neria A Hexas Style resort. After that, theyd head back to Hexas Style to get Claritys washed jeans and loafers. The cabin door opened, and Money Fact sneaked inside the cabin.
"Ready for an oil massage?"
"Yes, nine hours please, take your time, believe me, theres tension I need to release. My rosebud is so ready, it feels engorged and erect every twenty minutes. I havent touched for days." Money Fact closed the door and took off her clothes. Clarity became aroused immediately. She was so nice, so clean, so tan. And she was thirty two, seven years older than her, that extra voice of experience turned her on tremendously.
"Yes, that happens if you just let your pleasure flow inside you, instead of wanting to release it outward through hand touch. Good, Ill ensure we attend to your rosebud properly in oriental style, and also that we get food and water after four or five hours. Ill place you naked on all fours in the sphinx position, and show you a few things that Avalon may not have shown you that the old traditional massage ladies showed me at the temple in Wat Pho in Thailand."
Clarity closed her eyes and felt two hands landing softly on her hips and buttocks. Heaven existed, again.
Chapter Sixteen

The resort of Atrium SPQR was different from Hexas Style. A large water fountain welcomed visitors at the entrance and a large sign which said 'Welcome to the Roman resort of Atrium for adults' made the guests feel at home instead of making them feel part of a compound. Inside, the guests walked in alleys, mostly couples, but also attractive women dressed in swimsuit, not only in roman toga or naked. Donway led Clarity to the head of Atrium, an attractive, blond woman in her fourties named Elodie Appleby, who used to be a water ski sports instructor at other large resorts in the Bahamas.
"We got your message from Hexas Style," said Appleby. "Unfortunately, we couldnt do much, but we have seventy guests here now, women who didnt feel well treated at Hexas Style, who came to us looking for an alternative, and who are willing to testify against them in a court of law here in the Bahamas against Hexas and their fraudulent use and nature of Elony and of their personal growth program."
"I found out at Hexas Style that there is an ongoing lawsuit with them," said Clarity.
"Yes, we placed a lawsuit on them, after we suspected they were sending some type of squadron here to break deposit boxes of guests made of mortar."
"Knocke will confess he sent the squadron, if he gets a reduced prison sentence, which he may, if he lets us know more of the Abu Dhabi connection with Scafarel," said Knocke. Clarity left Money Fact and Donway with Penelope and Knocke, and she walked aside Appleby to know more about Atrium.
"Why do you view pleasure differently from Hexas Style?"
"We dont impose pleasure, thats our fundamental difference, we simply give suggestions to our guests, but they decide what to do here. We certainly dont have any kind of personal development agenda for them, which may detract from their enjoyment here."
"So you guide their pleasure without imposing it either?"
"Yes, thats our strength, and its also the tenet of prosperity and trade, it comes from the roman monogram SPQR, senatus populusque romanus, the senate is sovereign only with the support of the people. The people ultimately judge the leaders actions, and the leader corrects any deviation observed by popular support immediately, to legitimize its authority."
Appleby led Clarity and Money Fact to a solarium area at the beach of Atrium, an area for women only, where they could sunbathe naked, protecting their skin with organic sunscreen lotion. In the distance, she saw the naked silhouette of Penelope, guarded by Alana and Officer Belamey, who were also naked. The two agents were examining the Jade egg that Penelope had found, and Hexas Style was being searched for additional clues to their fraudulent, criminal activity.
Clarity took her clothes off and went swimming naked in broad daylight in the tropical waters of the Bahamas with Money Fact. She felt a freedom and sheer enthusiasm that she had rarely experienced. She knew she was holding the real key of pleasure, and that no one would ever get it from her, with any beauty product or service whatsoever, or with any personal development program, or any advertisement or any showgirl job offer in Vegas. She loved all that she had, her body, her own esteem and sense of standalone validation of her own purposeful existence, in and of itself, and so she had all that she needed.
Lying on her stomach beside the Sensual Brigade agent, on a towel depicting a Roman matriarch taking care of a household, Clarity closed her eyes and enjoyed the sun on her skin. She felt free from having to enjoy herself at all costs, from having to feel or appear to feel pleasure, even though she might only feel like resting, observing, or simply living without engaging in any particular thought.
She knew that she was free from the temptations of decadence, a mere indulgence in pleasure for the sake of it or a way to avoid confronting real emotions or traits or limitations of herself. Money Fact was helping her know herself better, and that was key for her, a way to understand the source of her real strength, which corresponded to all the times she felt happy, balanced and vital, single-handedly knowing that she didnt need anyone else to feel like that.
She tucked her auburn hair into a ponytail and ran her hands through the white sand of Eleuthera. She simply loved warm, sunny, exotic places, welcoming places where living was easy. She loved her beautiful body and she knew that she was blessed to be a good looking woman. Her body was still tingling after the intimate massage by Money Fact which had lasted several hours, and she was elated at the thought that meridians really existed and at how wise the body was. Her lower belly released tension and a pleasant sensation of arousal filled her, reaching her head. When Money Fact had observed that, she had brought the energy to her navel, a safe place for it to be stored. Never, she said, store sexual energy in head.
Heaven existed, sunshine was part of it, and sexual ecstasy was real as well, and that was a notion of pleasure, a tangible sensation, that was permanent. SPQR, the Smile & Play Quorum, Sun on the Rocks, sunshine in and of itself, on her, on her skin, body and spirit, a daily delight. Eleuthera felt like a second home now, a familiar place of heavenly sensation and rapture, the place where she had first felt sexual ecstasy for more than forty five minutes in a bed on her own without touching herself, in the heat of a tropical Bahamas night, in total focus with her mind, in complete sexual union and harmony with herself, fantasizing about statues of serene women coming alive to please her and comfort her, taking her pleasure seriously, focused on pleasure.
Her sense of permanent pleasure was built on a healthy, abundant reserve of satisfaction, a good esteem of herself, a healthy ego protecting herself from others causing any imbalance, and a good looking body kept healthy and flexible by eating well and exercising in moderation. She loved being twenty five, she loved the cream color on her swimsuit or trikini or sweater, and she loved her sexual goodness, the intuition that her sexual sensations were alive and healthy, the idea of doing good and being nice with her healthy body sexually, simply letting other adults, women in particular, feel good as a result of seeing her feel good sexually or simply as a result of seeing her naked.
She cherished that exhibitionist tendency which was part of her, part of her strength as an adult. Orgasm came from virtue, she knew that with certainty, now, and it brought a certain sense of purpose to her. Clarity turned around, letting her firm, apple shaped, breasts receive tropical sunshine for several minutes, bringing her nipples to attention. Her legs moved slightly apart and her rosebud pierced through the shaved hood of her clitoris, engorged in sunshine, her very private legacy, her gift of personal property, by will, to the sun, to the Bahamas, and at times, to Money Fact.
Chapter Seventeen

SUN ON THE ROCKS amusements for adults, in order of All-Girl, Banana fiction reading.
THE MALIBU CASE.
THE ACAPULCO COCKTAIL.
THE CAYMAN AIR BANNER.
THE BAHAMAS LOTION.

All Sun on the Rocks amusements are crafted by Somers Isle & Loveshade.
Chapter Eighteen

Compound Interest Calculator Clarity keeps close, for retirement purposes (savings plan is in the Cayman Air Banner):
http://www.smartmoney.com/calculator/other/compound-interest-calculator-1302835239643/

Careers and Professional Designations to consider:
Chartered Financial Analyst: http://www.cfainstitute.org
Chartered Wealth Manager:
http://www.financialcertified.com/chartered_wealth_manager.html
http://www.financialcertified.com/certifications.html (other certifications)
Certified Financial Planner: http://www.cfp.net/
Institute for the Certification of Computing Professionals:
http://iccp.org/certification/designations/ccp

Wealth:
Robert Kiyosakis Wealth Community: http://www.richdad.com/
Books on wealth and cash flow by Robert Kiyosaki:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Kiyosaki#Bibliography
Cash Flow 101 Game: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cashflow_101

Educational sites and global news:
Khan Academy: http://www.khanacademy.org/
Visual Thesaurus: http://www.visualthesaurus.com/
Visual Global News: http://www.newsmap.jp/

Featured universities:
Pepperdine, Malibu, California: http://www.pepperdine.edu/
UCLA, California, Academic Programs:
http://www.ucla.edu/academics/departments-and-programs
TEXAS A&M: http://www.tamu.edu/
Mayfield Fellows Program at Stanford: 
http://stvp.stanford.edu/teaching/mfp/
Harvard: http://www.harvard.edu/
University of Hawaii: http://www.hawaii.edu/
