The Enigmatic Mr. Dawsley

by Michael Bergquist

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Michael Bergquist 


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment
only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.
If you would like to share this book with another person, please
purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading
this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your
use only, then please purchase your
own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this
author.


This ebook is a work of fiction and therefore, any resemblances to persons living or dead, events, or places is purely coincidental. This is the product of the authors imagination.



For John and Janet


Table of Contents

Chapter 1		
Chapter 2		
Chapter 3		
Chapter 4		
Chapter 5		
Chapter 6		
Chapter 7		
Chapter 8	
Chapter 9	
Chapter 10	
Chapter 11	
Chapter 12	
Chapter 13	
Chapter 14	
Chapter 15
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22 
Chapter 23 
Chapter 24 
Chapter 25 
Chapter 26 
Chapter 27 
Chapter 28 
Chapter 29 
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35 
Chapter 36 
Chapter 37

Prologue 

I had always loved the plant called the burning bush. Not the Biblical tale, rather the beautiful red-leafed plant that one can find growing in various common areas, looking fantastical and rare in direct contrast of its immediate surroundings. Such a lovely plant grew in the small excuse for a garden that was planted right outside of my apartment building. I did not know who had planted it or how it survived throughout the years of constantly changing weather. My apartment was in the Northeast and so the plant would only turn its wonderful shade of red in the fall, much to my disappointment. 
Inside of my apartment, however, not a single plant existed. I simply did not have the disposable income, nor the time, to cultivate a collection of plant-life. I worked in a local grocery store after losing my job with a small print-news organization that had gone bankrupt. This unfortunate situation led to funds being tight. The job at the grocery store was not so bad and it paid me enough to maintain the costs associated with my apartment, however. I had no family to turn to in troubling times such as these, as they had left me alone when I turned eighteen, forcing me to grow up quickly and spend the next twelve years of my life trying to establish a stability that I never truly had and so desperately longed for.
I had seen many people struggle as I had throughout my life and I had seen the decisions that they often had to make. I had been blessed from birth with an attraction to justice and helping others and did not let poor times manipulate me into committing atrocities. Many a time I became the victim of such atrocities that others were not strong enough to resist committing. I had been mugged, beaten, and even had my apartment broken into after I had raised enough money to rent it. These times and these events never broke me, though, and this was something that I was proud of.
I lost the grocery job one afternoon when it could no longer afford to stay in business. With the loss of the job came the loss of income and potentially the loss of my home. I had decided after I had first started renting my apartment that I would not allow myself to live on the streets again. There had to be a way to raise money and keep myself fed, hydrated, clothed, and sheltered. I applied for every job I could, being as polite as possible even when I was rejected. I had finally given up my search for work one day and decided to stay in my apartment until the landlord officially evicted me. I would spend my time standing in the window, watching the winds shake the burning bush in front of the building and allowing myself to feel peace and happiness, even if the leaves were not yet red. 
I had received a letter one afternoon and feared that my eviction notice had finally come. Instead, it was a letter from a family whose name I recognized from the news and from history books I had read. The letter was in a fine, white envelope with black ink writing and a golden silk lace keeping it closed. I unwrapped the envelope and opened it carefully, afraid to damage it as if it were some wondrous jewel. 
My dear Truman, the letter had read, I, Mr. Dawsley, of the Atlantia estate of the Dawsley family, do greatly wish for you to attend a night of dining and conversing if it so pleases you. Show up whenever is convenient for you, my door is always open. The letter had been signed simply, Dawsley. I had not known how to respond, other than to show up to the estate on one foggy evening in mid-July soon after receiving the letter with a bottle of the nicest wine I could afford under my arm. I dressed as nicely as a man of my means could, considering I did not have all that much. I took a cab and tipped the driver as generously as possible. He had been a swell driving companion, easing my nerves with casual conversation for the duration of the trip.
The Dawsley estate was famous in the United States as one of the most grandiose mansions in history. Some even claimed it rivaled those mansions of Long Island, though, in my own opinion, no building could ever hope to rival anything built out on Long Island. One thing was certain however, and that was that the Dawsley estate was the largest home on the small island of Atlantia.
In case you are reading this in some time when Atlantia has re-submerged just as the scientists had predicted, there are a few things you should know about that wonderful little place. Atlantia was an area that once was a part of Atlantis. Yes, Atlantis was once an actual place as many legends and tales had claimed. After many years, a piece of it broke off, floating to the top of the sea just off the East coast of the United States. Researchers, writers, architects, and a host of other exploratory-natured people quickly flocked to the site in order to learn as much as possible about it. Much was gained in terms of information regarding their culture, which seemed to have influenced or been influenced by that of the Ancient Romans and Ancient Greeks. Ancient Chinese relics were found, as well as relics from the original inhabitants of the Americas, which added to the wonderful host of theories and data that had been accumulated. The wealth of information gained from this small piece of that once great empire did wonders for the evolution of our knowledge regarding the history of the world.
The Dawsley family were the first to build on the land despite the protests of researchers who claimed that there was no evidence that the island would not simply sink once again. The researchers and explorers had been very careful when exploring the site and had taken everything they could off of it in the event that it sink once more and the findings be lost. The Dawsley familys building on it, however, disproved many of the theories regarding sinking and people soon flocked to it, turning it into the fifty-first state of the United States of America. It was still believed that it would one day sink, but that day was far off and as long as it was still floating, the people would remain happily upon it.
The cabbie and I had crossed the long, metallic Dawsley Bridge which connected the island to the mainland. It was a splendid, yet monstrous bridge, paid for by the people and constructed by the greatest architects of the generation. How it came to be named after the Dawsley family, I still to this day do not fully know.
I exited the cab at a large metal gate, showing a distinct similarity to the bridge we had just crossed. The gate blocked the road up to the mansion and I approached it cautiously. Oh, what a gate! I never in a million years thought I would be so taken with a gate. As I marveled at the craftsmanship, a buzzing sound emitted from a metallic pillar to the right of the gate and it opened itself slowly and silently. I waved to the driver and he waved back before speeding away back toward the bridge. I made my way up the road through the fog. Any other man would have probably felt chills, walking through fog to a mysterious mansion, unsure of what he would find. Not I, though. I found myself excited and nervous, the way a child feels on Christmas morning before their parents wake up. Such anticipation and mystical wonder right before them while theyre forced to wait to see what lies in store. That was how I felt. Even now the memory fuels that feeling, as if right at this moment I was walking up to the Dawsley estate on that foggy July evening.
I held the wine bottle close to me, fearful that in my excited state I would drop it like a fool and would have soiled their property as well as come to dinner empty-handed. The bottle and I luckily made it to the door in one piece. I pressed a button next to the large wooden doors and a thunderous sound echoed through the interior of the house. The door opened slowly and a short, husky, hard-faced woman stood there, examining me. She did not appear to speak English, but mumbled foreign words as she pulled me inside by the arm. I admit, I was not expecting such a forceful greeting and nearly dropped the bottle on the floor. She took it from me, and my coat as well, before shuffling away into the house. 
I stood in the foyer alone, that little woman having stripped me of my possessions. I admired the architecture of the building, vaguely remembering learning at some point that the builders of the bridge had also constructed this very house. I looked up at the chandelier above me and presumed that such a work of art must have cost, at the very least, five hundred thousand dollars. That was a complete guess, but it could not have been too far off the mark. As thoughts of the like circled in my head, intoxicating me with daydreams of immense fortunes, a portly man of about thirty-five joined me in the foyer smiling.
Mr. Truman? he asked. He had a kind voice, one that could calm a crying baby or a crying woman depending on the situation. 
Yes. I replied. He extended his hand.
Mr. Dawsley. he said. I shook his hand and looked at my other hand, anticipating the bottle of wine to be in it. I had forgotten that the small woman had taken it from me.
I had a bottle of wine for you, Mr. Dawsley.
Ah, yes, Sandra has taken it into the kitchen. Please, do come into the house. I can not imagine that you would want to spend the evening in the foyer.
It is very nice, though.
Dawsley laughed heartily and slapped me on the shoulder. He guided me into the dining room where two places were set. We sat down across from each other and Sandra began bringing out food and wine.
Do you wonder why you are here? he asked suddenly. We had just sat down and begun drinking, yet he fired the question off as if we had known each other for many years.
I had been wondering, yes.
It is because I grow restless in this horrid house.
He took a long drink of wine and I wondered what he could have meant. The estate was exceptionally lovely and surely he could afford anything he could conceive.
I want to experience the world, not have it cater to me so much. Wealth is overrated, it becomes old after awhile. Oh, how I long to be like the common man! he said. A man is not meant to sit in his home all day while the entire world moves without him. It is unnatural. So, I wish for you to accompany me whilst I am on the outside.
The outside? I asked.
Yes. The world outside this dreadfully dull estate.
Why me? I asked foolishly.
My dear Truman, I did not know how to select such a companion. If I were to advertise for such a position, leeches would attach themselves to me and try to get to my money by any means necessary.
So how did you choose?
I picked a random name from the phonebook.
And it was mine?
Indeed it was.
How do you know Im not a leech.
Because my various employees watched you for a month. Youre a decent man. You hold the door for women, you vote, you recycle, you are generous with the little money you have, but not to the point of bankrupting yourself, et cetera.
Et cetera? You were watching me?
Yes.
He began eating the roast duck that Sandra had brought out and I looked at him in confusion and slight annoyance.
Is this a joke? I asked.
Whats that? he asked, looking up from his plate.
Is this a joke?
Why would it be a joke?
You chose me out of the phonebook, followed me, then hired me to accompany you on your travels outside of the house?
That is correct.
You dont see anything peculiar about this?
He stopped eating and stared at me. He was thinking it over and I could tell at that moment that this entire thing was absolutely genuine.
Would you like the job? If not, I will simply pick another name after we finish our meal and you will go off on your way and I will take my money back. Speaking of which, I think you may wish to know that I have added a considerable sum of money to your bank account as a sort of signing bonus and have left a wallet of bills for you in what is to be your bedroom, should you take the job.
I thought it over for a few moments. I was in dire need of money at the time and this experience promised to be an incredible one anyhow. It was strange though, and I would be sure to keep my guard up, lest this turn out to be some form of joke or scam.
Ill do it, I said with an air of caution in my voice, Ill accompany you around.
Splendid!
He clapped loudly and Sandra brought out a large bottle of champagne and two glass flutes. We toasted to the new business arrangement and touched our glasses before draining them of their contents. Sandra then brought out more exquisite foods and several different spirits, including my bottle of wine, which to my surprise was greatly enjoyed by Mr. Dawsley.


Chapter 1

I had stayed the night in one of the guest bedrooms of the mansion and awoke to the sound of a piano emitting a wonderful classical tune from the floor below me. I rose out of bed, sadly leaving the most comfortable silk sheets I had ever felt and left the luxurious room I had stayed in. I descended the nearby staircase and found myself in the foyer, the music having grown louder and closer. I followed it and it led me to Mr. Dawsley. He was sitting before a massive piano made of some sort of precious stone, playing a piece foreign to me.
Sandra was shuffling around dusting and sweeping while Dawsley played on. The scene caused me to burst out with a laugh. Dawsley turned to me and smiled, apparently realizing my presence for the first time since I had entered the room. He played faster and finished the song abruptly.
Did not want to keep you waiting. he said.
Thats quite all right, sir. I would have gladly listened to the remainder of the piece at normal speed.
You are too kind, dear Truman. And please, do not call me sir. If you knew the sirs that I know you would understand why one would not wish to be lumped in with that crowd.
He stood up from the bench and left the room. I followed him, jogging slightly to keep up with him, lest I become lost in the great maze that was this house. He led me to the dining room from the night before, a great feast of breakfast foods now adorning the table. He motioned for me to sit across from him as we had been the previous night. I took a bagel, cut it in two, and began to spread something I had never encountered before upon it.
As I ate, I thought about the incredible size of the house. I wondered how many rooms it consisted of and if other people lived within its walls. I had heard through rumors spread by those not necessarily reliable, that Mr. Dawsley lived alone and had done so since childhood. The story resonated in my mind and gave the mansion a feeling of being even larger than it already was. I made a promise to myself to refrain from exploring on my own. I would see the rooms that my host and employer wished for me to see and no more.
What is our plan for the day? asked Dawsley suddenly, breaking me away from my thoughts.
What do you mean? I asked.
Our plan. What is our plan?
I did not know how to respond. At no point in my recollection of events did Dawsley ask me to formulate a plan for today. I sat quietly and looked at him.
Do we not have a plan? he asked.
I was not aware that I was to make a plan. I replied.
Ah, perhaps I had forgotten to ask you to do that. No matter, we shall take the car out today and meet with the citizens of Atlantia.
I nodded happily and with much relief. We ate our breakfast quietly and without rush. We had become so engrossed with our respective meals that had one of us left the table, surely the other would not have noticed. After we had finished and Dawsley had belched loudly, we walked to the front door and exited the house.
The weather was lovely, being not too warm, nor too cold. We walked briskly along a path that branched off of the massive driveway to a small shed that was more than likely larger than my own apartment. Inside was a rack of keys and a sleeping man in a suit. I deduced that the man was a driver employed by my host. Dawsley looked at me and raised his finger to his lips. He crept up to the man slowly and clapped his hands together right in front of the mans face. He awoke suddenly and fell backward in his chair. He struggled to stand and was cursing in some foreign language. Dawsley stood there, roaring with laughter. He walked over to the man and helped him back up.
Very funny, Mr. Dawsley. chuckled the man nervously.
Your reaction was one for the books. replied Dawsley.
Do you need your keys, sir?
Yes and do not call me sir.
Sorry, Mr. Dawsley.
Its quite all right. Hand me those keys, will you? said Dawsley, pointing to a ring of  shining keys hanging upon a peg on the rack containing many others. The man nodded and retrieved the keys. He handed them to Dawsley and Dawsley bade him farewell.
We returned to the path, this time walking back the way we came. Dawsley walked with an excited bounce in his step and he was whistling an upbeat tune. I, however, was slightly more nervous. I had no idea what our plan for the day was to be and so could not mentally prepare myself. Dawsley, on the other hand, seemed content to stroll into any situation, good or bad, with a tune and a smile. It was quite admirable.
We came to a large garage at the end of the driveway which was behind the house. Dawsley unlocked a door on the side of the garage and we entered. The room was much larger than one would have guessed just by looking at it from the outside. There were a number of exotic cars that I could not name for the life of me. I was never a car-fanatic as so many other men tend to be which left me at a loss in situations such as this one.
Mr. Dawsley approached one shining green car nearby and pressed a button on his keychain. The garage doors opened when he did this.
Whoops! he exclaimed, as he looked at his key again and pressed a different button. The head and tail lights blinked and the car chirped to signify that it was unlocked. He entered the drivers seat and I quickly ran around to the passenger side and entered. Dawsley adjusted his mirrors and his seat. He could not seem to adjust his seat to the ideal setting and so he played with the controls for several moments. He finally gave up with a deep sigh and turned the key in the ignition. 
The car took off down the driveway almost immediately after starting and we managed to just make it through the gates which would have surely harmed us greatly had we been going faster or they slower. I gripped the armrests until my knuckles were white. Dawsley was cheerfully laughing and swerving around on the street like a mad-man.
Could we please go a little slower? I asked.
Oh, what fun are you? he responded as he sped up. 
This shining green coffin for two continued to swerve up and down the streets of Atlantia with total disregard for the many accidents that were almost caused. I was sweating and praying and still squeezing the armrests. What a reckless fool this man was! We sped past a police officer who quickly threw his sirens on and began pursuing us. Dawsley observed this in his rear-view mirror and frowned. He came to a stop so abruptly that I felt as if I was about to pass through the windshield. Even the police officer had not anticipated such a halt and his squad car traveled several yards past us before it stopped. He put his car into reverse and backed up until he was behind us. 
The officer got out of his car and slammed his door furiously. He approached us swiftly and Dawsley rolled the window down to greet him. The fool was smiling as if we had just won some sort of game. The conflicting reactions to the events did not bode well.
Are you nuts?! shouted the officer.
Good day, officer! exclaimed Dawsley.
Step out of the car, pal.
Dawsley opened the door and exited out into the street. The officer spun him around and cuffed him, reading him his rights. After he had done that, the same was done for me and we were both pushed into the back of the squad car.
What is to become of my car? asked Dawsley.
It will be towed and impounded. replied the officer. If I had my way, it would be set on fire and the remains dumped into the Atlantic.
Well that would just be downright cruel, dear officer.
The officer laughed in disbelief and shook his head angrily. He started the squad car and we drove off, the shining green car becoming smaller in the distance as we went further away. The trip was a silent one. I stared out the window, but was too afraid of my fate to take in the sights of Atlantia. A day ago I was a law-abiding young man who knew what to expect on a trip out into the world. Now here I was, a criminal on an adventure with an eccentric billionaire that ended with us going to jail. I felt like a fool.


Chapter 2

We came to the station several minutes later and we were brought inside. They took our possessions and placed us in a holding cell containing actual criminals. There were three men in the cell when we came in and each one looked like they wanted nothing more than to break every bone in my body. Perhaps that was my fear taking control of my judgment, but regardless, I was afraid. Dawsley smiled and introduced himself to all three. He shook each of their hands as they exchanged confused glances with each other.
Whatcha in for, Dawsley? asked one gentleman named Killer.
Oh, just a little car trouble. You see, my friend Truman and I were driving more dangerously than one ought to. So, that rude officer out there arrested us and took my vehicle to an impound or something along those lines. replied Dawsley. Why are you here, Killer?
Litterin 
Such foolish laws on this island! Someone ought to do something about them.
Hah! Thatll never happen. said another man named Hopper.
And why is that? asked Dawsley.
You think them politicians give a care about us neer-do-wells, as they calls us? The laws theys make to keep people in here while theys take all the money is all thats cared about.
Well thats downright terrible.
Aye, it is pretty awful. You sell an ounce to some teen once and suddenly youre Al Capone. interjected the third man, named Tat. The laws just aint fair.
True words, brother. By the way, I aint no teen! replied Hopper.
Fooled me. When a cop asks if ya got drugs on your person, only a fool or a teen would say yes.
Dont you go callin me a fool!
Ill call ya whatever I please!
The two men began to scuffle in the cell which entertained Dawsley. I pressed my back against the bars of the cell to keep as far from the fighting as I could. Killer sat on the bed connected to the wall and picked at his fingernails, completely disinterested in what was going on not three feet from him. An officer shouted from behind me.
Knock it off in there you two!
The men let go of each other and brushed themselves off. They sat in opposite corners of the cell like children and pouted. Dawsley sat down on the floor, which was surprising considering the quality of his clothing, and began to hum quietly. After a few minutes he looked over at me.
I think Im doing quite well out in the world thus far. he said.
How do you figure? I replied.
Well, I have friends and a place to spend time with them. It is a bit dirty and confining, but I find it relaxing nonetheless.
This is a jail cell!
Must you look at it so negatively?
It is a negative place!
Well, I disagree.
Before I could respond, the door I was leaning against moved and I fell backwards onto the floor. Killer chuckled and Dawsley guffawed. He stood up and walked over to me, offering his hand to help me up. I took it and he swiftly pulled me up to my feet. The officer that opened the door was laughing.
Sorry about that. he said. Anyway, youre free to go.
Why? asked Dawsley. I couldve smacked him for asking.
Your father knows the chief. I think you can put the pieces together from there.
Dawsley frowned and bade farewell to the inmates he had befriended and they wished us luck. The officer led us into the sort of waiting area where they had brought us in and gave our possessions back to us. I walked out and Dawsley followed. Standing on the sidewalk, I remembered that the car had been taken. Dawsley was slow to the realization.
Nice fellows in that jail. he said. Where are we off to next?
We need to find your car. I responded.
Ah, yes, my car. We could walk instead if you like. Its a nice day.
Arent you worried about your car?
Why should I be worried? Its been impounded. It isnt going anywhere.
What if something happens to it?
Like what?
I dont know. Something bad.
Dear Truman, youll have to be much more specific if you wish to raise my anxiety levels.
All Im trying to say is that it might be a good idea to pick up your car before going elsewhere.
Last time we took my car, we were arrested.
Well, your driving was a bit erratic.
Nonsense! I was taught by the best instructors money could buy. We paid them very well and they told me how great a driver I was!
I did not wish to argue any further, so I nodded and sighed. Dawsley took a deep breath of air and smiled. Without any warning, he began walking down the street. I jogged over to him and matched his pace. We had not gone twenty feet before we were asked for money.
Any spare change, mister? asked the feeble-looking man.
What for? replied Dawsley.
Im just looking to buy a sandwich.
Sounds harmless enough!
Dawsley produced a twenty dollar bill and handed it to the man. He was shocked and ran a bony hand through his long, greasy hair as he marveled at the bill. I was not as convinced of the mans intentions as Dawsley was. I had seen men like this take money  and use it to buy drugs or alcohol. I tried to get Dawsleys attention to subtly alert him to the possibility, but he was too focused on the joy of the feeble man. The man immediately turned around, ran down the alleyway he had been standing in prior to our arrival, and handed the bill to a shady-looking character. He was then handed a small bag of powder.
Mr. Dawsley! Look at what has just happened! I exclaimed.
Dawsley looked and watched the man. Finally he shrugged.
What of it? he said.
The man just spent your money on drugs. I replied.
That is his business.
You dont feel cheated?
Why should I? His priorities are his priorities. It is not my place to decide what that man should and should not do.
But surely you dont wish him harm.
Of course not! I gave him money in order to help him. If he does something else with it, again that is not my business. Shall we continue walking?
I nodded and a smile crept up and took shape upon my face. This man was turning out to be quite a remarkable human being. One does not expect as much from the extraordinarily wealthy, which I must admit, is not a fair judgment to make before getting to know them.


Chapter 3

We walked along the sidewalk for several more minutes. Dawsley would occasionally ask a question as to what a particular person was doing, such as handing out fliers for an organization. I would answer and he would nod, as if he were a scientist recording data for some experiment. He had the energy and curiosity of a child at a zoo. 
There came a point where Dawsley came to a complete stop. I did not notice for a few moments and foolishly walked on whilst speaking to no one. When I realized I was alone, I turned around and saw him staring across the road at a fiery-haired woman sitting on a bench alone. I walked quickly back over to him.
Do you see something, Mr. Dawsley? I asked.
I see many things, dear Truman. he replied.
Let me try again. Are you looking at that woman over there?
Indeed, I am. What do you suppose her name is?
I havent the slightest idea.
Nor do I. Perhaps we shall solve this puzzle.
How do you mean?
Follow me.
Dawsley took off across the street before I could protest, nearly being run over by two different cars going in opposite directions. They blared their horns and I ran across, apologizing as I went. The woman looked up to see the source of the commotion, but came face to face with the beaming Mr. Dawsley and his out of breath companion.
Hello there. said Mr. Dawsley.
Hello yourself. she replied. She was quite a striking woman, having an air of high societal status. She seemed confident and relaxed. She wore a red coat that matched the color of her hair.
My name is Dawsley. What is yours?
Ellie. she replied.
A lovely name for such a lovely woman.
Why, thank you. Who is your friend here?
This is Thurgood Truman.
Nice to meet you maam. I said as I extended my hand to her. She shook it surprisingly firmly for such a dainty-looking woman.
Please dont call me maam. she replied. If you knew the maams I know, youd understand why I wouldnt wish to be lumped in with such a crowd.
It was this reply that sent Mr. Dawsley spiraling downward into the murky pools of love. I saw his face light up and his smile become even more genuine than it already was.
Do you have any plans for lunch? he asked her.
Im afraid I do. she said. My boyfriend is bringing me to the Atlantis. Ive heard they prepare a fine meal there.
I could see that fire in Dawsley, which had been burning so brightly, quickly smolder out into nothing but ash and smoke. He quickly put on a false air of contentment and continued the conversation.
I see. he said. The Atlantis is said to truly be a fine establishment. I would have thought a woman such as yourself would have dined there before.
I am new in town. she replied. Just moved up from the Carolinas.
Your accent hardly shows.
I should hope so. Nothing annoys me more than a Southern belle.
Ellie the belle. I said. They both looked at me and I lowered my head in shame. It was a stupid thing to say. Luckily, it was swiftly forgotten and they continued speaking with one another.
So who is the lucky man? asked Dawsley.
You will meet him in a moment if you stay. she replied.
Then we shall. answered Dawsley for the both of us.
A moment later, a well-dressed man in a three-piece suit and a monocle approached. Dawsley looked at him and frowned. The well-dressed man returned it.
Dawsley. he said.
Finlow. replied Dawsley.
I see you boys know each other. said Ellie.
We attended prep school together as boys. said Finlow with a hint of superiority in his voice. A tragic ending to that tale, however.
I am inclined to agree with you, Finny. said Dawsley with a hint of superiority now in his voice as well.
You know how I hate to be called Finny.
I thought you hated to be called Fanny.
What a childish thing to have said as an attempted insult.
All the boys seem to have disagreed.
It is good to see you still holding yourself to the standards of a prep school boy.
Dawsley glared at Finlow and it was returned. Ellie seemed to ignore the hostility and continued to sit on the bench calmly. I stood nervously, as was the usual action for me when conflict arose.
Enough of this idle chatter. said Ellie finally. We have a lunch to attend, Samuel.
Finlow nodded and extended his hand to Ellie, never breaking his cold stare at Dawsley. She took his hand lightly and stood up from the bench.
It was delightful to meet you boys. she said with a wink and a smile. Finlow turned with her and they departed down the street to a parked limousine. 
He never had any taste in cars. said Dawsley.
I take it you two were never very friendly. I replied.
I despised the man from the very beginning.
Surely something very serious must have happened to turn you two against each other for so long.
It is very true, dear Truman, but it is not a story I wish to tell at the moment. This is my day out in the world! It is time to meet more of the people.
Are you sure? Our track record has not been so good thus far.
Nonsense! We have met nothing but good men. Other than that fiend, Finlow of course.
If you say so.
I did not feel like debating him. Dawsley had turned out to be a very stubborn man, albeit a goodly one. He gave me a pat on the shoulder and we began walking once more.
What a lovely woman. he said after a period of silence.
She was quite a woman. I agreed.
She reminds me of the plant known as the burning bush
The Biblical tale or the one seen nowadays?
The one seen nowadays. The scientific name escapes me at present. It is a bush with vibrant red leaves. Rare and beautiful, yet it turns up in the most common of places.
I know that plant well. As a matter of fact, it is one of my favorites.
Then you have wonderful taste in plant life, dear Truman. Are you a collector, so to speak?
I am afraid not. Until recently I have not had the funds to take care of any other living thing other than myself.
Dawsley smiled at me and gave me another pat on the shoulder. As we walked, I could tell that his thoughts were filled only with images of Ellie. He had been so stricken, that surely he would be content with never seeing another woman again. We came to a corner and stopped for a moment, waiting for the crosswalk to tell us we could cross the street safely.


Chapter 4

Where shall we go, Truman? asked Dawsley.
Im not too sure. I replied.
Well, where do you usually go?
I dont live in Atlantia.
Ah, yes, I had forgotten. No matter! Where do people tend to gather?
Bars tend to be popular. Parks as well.
Then we shall travel to both! Which would you prefer first?
I think afternoon drinks would be a great first event.
I am inclined to agree. Let us find the most run down, horrid bar conceivable.
Why would we want to do that?
I grow tired of upscale drinking. It is most boring and the conversations are dull and predictable. We must go to a place where the liquor is sweet and the livers rotten.
I have heard of a place that might serve. I responded. I was nervous about the idea of going to a run down bar. I, as well as many others I am sure, had heard nothing but terrible stories about such places. However, Mr. Dawsley was technically my employer and I could not refuse him if he chose to travel to such a place.
What is the place? he asked.
The Prime Meridian. I said.
I am growing tired of the geographically themed names on this island.
They are quite hokey.
They are as detestable as puns. Perhaps more so.
I nodded in agreement and signaled for a cab. Dawsley was overjoyed at such an idea for transportation. It was astounding how much he enjoyed playing the part of the average citizen, when the average citizen would literally commit a murder for the chance to possess Dawsleys wealth and social standing.
The cabbie was a quiet man and did not care much for conversation with his customers. This did not deter Dawsley from trying. 
Do you enjoy your line of work? asked Dawsley.
Its okay. replied the cabbie.
Is it lucrative?
I nudged Dawsley lightly and whispered to him that he should not ask such personal questions. The cabbie did not seem to mind, however.
Its okay. replied the cabbie once more.
We pulled up in front of the Prime Meridian, immediately standing out from the crowd. Dawsley was in his suit and I was still wearing my nice clothes, which were actually quite poor when seen next to those of my companion. The man at the door nodded to us as we entered. The first thing that hit me was the smell. It was the smell of sweat and anger, mixed together in a blender made of shattered hope. Dawsley seemed not to notice it. Such obliviousness was swiftly becoming a trend for this man.
Dawsley approached the bar and ordered two glasses of absinthe. The bartender stared at us for what felt like a very long time before placing two bottles of cheap beer on the bar.
I did not know they sold absinthe in such small portions! remarked Dawsley.
They do not. I replied.
And yet they sit here before us on the bar!
Lets just drink.
We picked up our bottles and drank. It went down rough and left an awful taste in my mouth. Dawsley made a disgusted face as well and stuck his tongue out.
What a strange absinthe. Perhaps we should switch to bourbon? he said.
Anything but this. I replied.
Excuse me, dear bartender, but could I trouble you for two glasses of bourbon?
The bartender grunted and walked over to where the glasses were kept. He produced two of them, placed them on the bar, and filled them with cheap, speed-rack bourbon. It was only slightly better than the beer, but we did not complain this time around. I turned on my stool to face the room full of people. There were a lot of dangerous looking men in the bar and the only women present seemed to have been the significant others of said men. I noticed one particular group of dangerous-looking men talking quietly amongst themselves while glancing at my companion and I. Trouble seemed imminent. I turned to Mr. Dawsley to warn him, but he had gotten up and moved over to the jukebox. Suddenly, a piece of classical music erupted in the room. All of the chatter died down and every eye was on Dawsley.
Been meaning to take that one out of there. said the bartender to no one in particular.
Dawsley smiled at the room and the table of men who had been glancing at us rose up quickly. They approached Dawsley, swaying over to him slowly with displeased looks on their faces.
How do you do, said Dawsley as he extended his hand, my name is Dawsley.
His greeting was not returned. A man rose up from the back of the bar and walked over.
Leave him alone guys. said the man. It was then that I recognized the man as Killer from the jail cell earlier that day.
Yeah? Whos tellin us? Litterin Lulu? said one of the men. His cronies laughed and turned to face Killer.
Actually, said Dawsley, his name is Killer.
You shut up, nitwit. replied the leader of the group.
Its Dawsley. You arent terribly good with names, are you?
Perhaps we should change your name to John Doe. How would you like that?
I dont believe I quite follow. replied Dawsley with a slight frown.
The men surrounded Dawsley and I panicked. I urged the bartender to call the police, but he simply spat into a glass and wiped it with a dirty rag. I pushed my drink away from me in disgust and turned back. The men began to close in on Dawsley who was still smiling, oblivious as ever. Suddenly, Killer smashed a wooden chair over the back of the group leader. Killer then picked up one of the legs of the broken chair and held it out in front of him to fend off his would-be attackers.
You two get outta here! he shouted to Dawsley and I. Dawsley thanked Killer hurriedly and we ran out of the bar.
I say! exclaimed Dawsley. What a group of ruffians! There is no shame in enjoying Bach, that is what I always say.
There is a time and place for such music, Mr. Dawsley. I replied. Now Killer is in danger.
Oh dear! shouted Dawsley, realizing the truth of my words. He quickly ran back into the bar. I stood dumbfounded on the sidewalk. Several moments later, Dawsley emerged from the bar with Killer hanging over his shoulder, unconscious. 
Run! yelled Dawsley.
We ran and ran and ran until the bar was but a speck in the distance.
What were you thinking?! I shouted.
I do not forget my friends! Dawsley shouted back.
You could have been killed!
Oh, dont be so dramatic. I managed to knock out one or two of them.
You did?
Indeed! I was a boxer as a child. I didnt quite care for the violence, however, and quit my lessons. Apparently Ive retained a few of the techniques.
Dawsley placed Killer on a wooden bench on the sidewalk and looked at him with concern.
Will he be all right? I asked.
I do believe so. replied Dawsley.
We phoned the police from a nearby pay phone and left it hanging off the hook without speaking to the operator. In a hurry, I waved down another cab and we got in. The cab sped away before we could tell the driver where we were going. We were both panting, mostly out of fear rather than all of the running we had been doing. Finally Dawsley guffawed.
What a day! he exclaimed joyously.
What a day, indeed. I replied not as joyously. 
We drove past a police car traveling in the direction we had come from, its lights lit up and siren blaring. It was comforting to know that Killer would be looked after by trustworthy people. 
Atlantia Park, please. said Dawsley to the driver.
The driver put on his turn signal and turned onto another street. Dawsley asked his usual questions to the driver and I stared out the window, admiring the architecture of the buildings in this part of town. Many were very tall and seemed to be made of only fine glass. Others were shorter and mostly made of brick. People walked along the sidewalks, some with briefcases, others with dogs, and still others with their hands tucked in their pockets. It seemed like a well-off area and I felt a bit of relief. Surely it was a welcome change from the places my companion had been taking me. I wondered silently how he had come to be the guide and I the sort of tourist.

Chapter 5

The cab pulled up to the park and Dawsley paid the cabbie more than what was charged before we exited. The driver thanked us and sped away down the street, joining the crowd of other cars and cabs all trying to cut each other off to shave a few seconds off of their travel time.
I began to whistle a happy tune, mostly out of relief that we were in a seemingly safe area with seemingly well-to-do people. We entered the park and were immediately mugged.
Wallets. Now. said the mugger. He was a fairly large man, although shaky. He held a small knife in his trembling hand as his eyes darted back and forth. 
Would you not prefer just the money? asked Dawsley.
Shut up, man! Just give me your wallets.
Fine! But first you will answer some questions.
The mugger lowered his knife slightly and looked at Dawsley with an air of utter confusion. I braced myself for a violent death.
Are you crazy, man? asked the mugger.
Yes he is. I said nervously.
Oh, hush. replied Dawsley. I just want to know why youre doing this.
Why Im doing this? said the mugger.
Yes.
I need the money, man. I just need it.
Well, surely you can work for your money, no?
Dont you think I would if I could? I lost my job two months ago. Lost my house and my family. Cant do anything but this. This is it for me, man.
That is quite horrible! Why did you lose your job, dear boy?
This economy, man. People cant keep their jobs no more. Government aint helpin neither.
Oh, this blasted government again! If you allow me to keep my wallet, I shall give you enough money to feed you for a month.
The mugger lowered his knife and looked embarrassed. 
Do you think we can pretend that Im stealing from you? he asked. I dont want to feel like Im gettin charity. It hurts a mans pride is all.
Of course we can.
The mugger raised his knife happily before putting on an air ouf rugged toughness.
Give me a bunch of your money! he said.
Oh no, a mugger! cried Dawsley with a grin. He produced his wallet and handed several bills to the mugger. The muggers eyes grew wide and began to well up.
Thank you so much, sir! he exclaimed.
It is my pleasure, but please do not call me sir.
The man tucked the money in his pocket before bowing to Mr. Dawsley and running off down the street.
Did I perhaps spill some salt or walk under half-a-dozen ladders recently? I asked.
You speak of bad luck, dear Truman, but thus far we have experienced nothing of the sort. replied Dawsley.
We were just mugged!
And yet we helped a man potentially turn his life around.
As if he wont be out here mugging people again tomorrow!
Oh, Truman! You have such little faith in humanity!
I am simply realistic.
You are simply absurd.
His words did not impact me, as they had been uttered by the most absurd man I had ever met. I began to walk further into the park and Dawsley followed me, as he should have been doing since the beginning of our trip. I wondered silently to myself how the day would have turned out had I been the one driving the car this morning. Such thoughts were wastes of time, though. 


Chapter 6

The park was gorgeous that day. The trees were depositing pink flower petals and orange and brown leaves upon the grass and pathways. A man sat under one of the trees playing a jazz tune on a saxophone. It sounded fantastic and matched the feeling that was produced by the appearance of the park. Couples occupied benches and children romped through piles of leaves with small dogs at their feet. A few young boys were flying a kite in a large, open area of the park. Dawsley and I strolled casually, taking in all of the sights and sensations.
After a long time spent strolling, we came to a crowd gathered in front of an empty stage. On the stage were a podium, several chairs, and a large banner showing a mans face. The banner showed the name Kyle DuChamp in large letters of red, white, and blue. Dawsley and I approached the crowd and stood there quietly.
A man and a team of people walked onto the stage, the people sitting down in the chairs along with the man. A woman approached the podium and the crowd applauded.
Thank you for joining us here today. she began. My name is Angela Miller and I represent the great state of Atlantia in the Senate.
More applause rang out and a few whistles here and there.
Im here to introduce a wonderful candidate for governor that deserves each and every one of your votes. Im not too good at these introductions, so without further ado, here is the best man for the job, Mr. Kyle DuChamp!
There was much applause and whistling. Dawsley was grinning excitedly and I found myself smiling as well. Something about a rally really brings happiness to people, or at least to me. The man waved and smiled and stood at the podium, waiting for the crowd to grow silent.
Thank you all for coming out! he exclaimed. My name is Kyle DuChamp and Im running for governor of this great state.
He continued on with the usual promises, list of accomplishments, and complete tearing apart of his opponent that were so common to politicians. I grew restless and wanted to continue exploring the park, but Dawsley was still standing there, applauding on cue and even whistling from time to time like he had observed the others doing. The candidate seemed more and more sleazy the more I stood there. Apparently Dawsley did not agree. When the rally had ended and all the endorsements from the people on the stage had been uttered, the crowd dispersed and Dawsley turned to me.
It appears our friends from earlier will soon be in luck! This is a good man, this Kyle DuChamp. he said.
How can you tell? I asked, unconvinced.
Were you not listening? He cares about the people! He cares about jobs and healthcare and equal pay for women! This is exactly what is needed at a time like this.
Every politician speaks that way. He is no different than the awful people in charge now.
Do you think so? asked Dawsley, frowning.
I do. I replied.
Dawsley contemplated what I was saying. We continued our exploration of the park in silence. Dawsley was thinking hard about the race for governor and I had gone back to taking in the sights. A young man sat in front of an easel, painting a tree with changing leaves. If I had money and confidence, I would have offered to buy it from him right then and there. An elderly man sat on a bench holding hands with an elderly woman, presumably his wife of many years. The sun was beginning to set and hunger began to take hold of me.
Shall we eat? I asked Dawsley.
Whats that? Oh, yes, perhaps we should. he responded, half attentively.
Are you still thinking about what I have said about the candidate? 
How can I not? The man is quite simply wrong for the job. If he is elected, then the suffering will continue! I must put a stop to him!
How exactly do you plan to do that?
I am not sure and so my mind remains confined by the question.
I nodded, unsure of what to say to ease him. We walked along the leaf-covered path that led back to the sidewalks and the streets. The birds were singing their evening songs and the sounds of children playing in the distance behind us echoed throughout the park. We came to the exit of the park and hailed a cab.
The cabbie took us to a restaurant called The Equator in the same part of town as the park. He had personally recommended it, telling us how he had eaten there once and that it was too expensive for a cabbie to dine there regularly. Dawsley nodded automatically, still consumed by the perceived injustice of the candidate we had stood and watched. He was obviously not accustomed to politics and how they worked.
We exited the cab and I paid the cabbie what money I had, as Dawsley had exited in a sort of trance without paying or saying anything to either the driver or myself. We entered the beautiful, white stone restaurant with the palm tree archway and spoke to the host.
Two please. I said.
Do you have a reservation? he asked.
No.
We do not accept walk-ins.
My name is Dawsley. said Dawsley.
My apologies, sir. Right this way please.
Dawsley did not bother to correct him about the title of sir and we followed the host to a small table for two toward the back of the restaurant. The table was covered in a white silk cloth and was adorned with beautifully crafted dining ware. How the cabbie had afforded this even once, I did not know. He must have saved up for years.
We ordered absinthe, which was actually served this time, and roasted quail. The food was the best I had ever had, even surpassing the food I had eaten at the Dawsley estate. The absinthe tasted of herbs and was very refreshing. Dawsley sipped his lightly, still lost in thought.
Mr. Dawsley, I said, you really must not allow politics to ruin your evening.
Dear Truman, how I wish I could solve the problem and ease my mind once more. he replied sadly.
Why dont you tell me about Mr. Finlow?
Bah! Twould be an enormous waste of time to even combine the sounds that create his name!
Yes, but at least it would keep your mind from politics.
I suppose it would, but it would be exchanging one poison for another.
I apologize, Mr. Dawsley.
Do not, dear Truman, do not.
We ate quietly and confined ourselves to our own thoughts. I looked around and noticed a man in a sweatshirt and jeans at a table nearby. His appearance contradicted the essence of the fancy restaurant and it left me perplexed as to how he had gained entrance in the first place. The man seemed disappointed by something another man across from him was saying. I could not make out the words, but I knew it was bad news. The man across from the plain-clothes man stood up and left the table with an apologetic expression on his face. The plain-clothes man ran his hand through his hair and drained the contents of his glass. He ordered another and promptly repeated the process.
Dawsley observed me watching the man and looked at me curiously.
What is it about that man that troubles you? he asked me.
That man seems to have been given bad news. Also, he is hardly dressed for such an establishment as this. I replied.
Very true on both accounts.
What do you suppose he is doing here?
Perhaps he is a celebrity, disguising himself to remain free of the paparazzi.
Perhaps. Maybe they have found him and it is causing his disappointment.
That very well could be. Shall we ask him?
I do not think it wise to do so.
Why not? We have made nothing but friends today by asking questions.
That is hardly true and you know it.
Oh, nonsense! Stay here if you are too afraid.
Dawsley rose from the table and approached the plain-clothes man. I looked around and felt awkward sitting at the table alone, especially since my own clothing was not as luxurious as the restaurant seemed to require. I was given several strange looks by the other people dining and I rose up, joining the two men at the other table. Dawsley had taken the seat across from the man and I carried a chair over from our table. It was an awkward process which drew more strange looks.
Who is this? asked the man.
Thurgood Truman. I replied. We shook hands.
I guess you two know each other?
He is paid to accompany me. said Dawsley.
I see. Accompany you where?
Wherever life takes me!
Interesting.
Very much so! But we have not come here to bother you with the details of our contract. We have noticed a sadness in you and were wondering if there was any way we could help.
Just like that? Youre an interesting man, Mr. Dawsley.
Thank you, dear Gainsburg. You are interesting yourself.
You flatter me. I was to be an interesting man, but thats over now.
How do you mean? I asked.
I was running for governor. My financial backing just, well, backed out on me. Some man named Finlow ruined my campaign. He bought my backers and gave them to DuChamp, my opponent.
Finlow! cried Dawsley. The fiend!
You know the man?
Unfortunately so.
Yeah, well, that fiend has ruined me. Hes ruined any chance of fixing the problems of Atlantia.
Perhaps not! exclaimed Dawsley.
What do you mean?
What if I was to back you financially?
Do you know how expensive that would be?
I have money. Plenty of it.
And you would give it to me, just like that?
I can tell that you are the man for the job.
How exactly?
You are dressed casually. Clearly you are a man of the people. Who knows what they need more than they themselves?
Gainsburg smiled and nodded. 
I have to ask, though. said Gainsburg. Whats the catch?
No catch. replied Dawsley.
Well in that case, let me implement one myself. Come work for me as an advisor and if I win, stay as a part of my cabinet.
It is a deal!
Your quiet friend here can come too.
Thank you, Mr. Gainsburg. I said.
Thank you gentlemen. he replied.
We shook hands with him and returned to our own table. Dawsley was restored to his old self once more and even I felt a sensation of having done a righteous thing. Dawsley kept ordering drinks to celebrate and at the end of the meal, we were both good and drunk. Dawsley paid the bill and left a very generous tip for the waiter and we left the restaurant.
Well show that Finlowle! exclaimed Dawsley quite sloppily.
Finlowle?! Youre drunk! I replied.
Did I say Finlowle? Hah! What would I do without your corrections, Truman?
I resent that!
Resent what?
The idea that all I do is correct you!
Dear Truman, you do much and more!
I know! Now Im going to run a campaign! Just yesterday I was eating alone in my apartment. Isnt that weird? Thats so weird.
It is so weird!
Im pretty hungry.
Dont be a fool, Truman, we just ate!
Fine, I shall starve then!
I will not dignify your drama with a response.
So be it! Where are we off to then?
We had been staggering down the sidewalk, illuminated with the orange glow of the street lamps, with no exact destination in mind.
How about the bar? suggested Dawsley.
I have had enough of bars for one day, thank you! I responded.
Then perhaps we should return to the estate to sober up.
That may be a good idea.
It is a plan then! Now where the devil is my car?
Oh no! I exclaimed as I remembered our earlier misfortune. It is still impounded!
Dawsley doubled over laughing and rolled on the sidewalk, holding his sides. I began to laugh as well and had to lean against the wall to maintain what balance I could. When we finished laughing about nothing comical in the least, I helped Dawsley up and hailed a cab.
The cab brought us to the estate and deposited us at the gate. Dawsley paid the cabbie and would not leave until the cabbie had given him a high-five, something he had observed earlier in the day and was anxious to try out. We staggered up the driveway, singing and swaying. Sandra greeted us at the door in a motherly fashion. She was speaking rapidly in another language with her hands placed firmly on her hips. Dawsley staggered up to her and placed a finger over her mouth to quiet her. He chuckled and walked a few feet into the house before collapsing on the floor. Snoring followed a few moments later. Sandra dragged him by his arms into the room with the piano and managed to get him onto a couch. I carefully walked up the stairs to the guest bedroom and fell down on the bed, sleep coming quickly.



Chapter 7

The next morning was a painful one. It wasnt even technically the morning, as we had both slept well past noon. I descended the stairs and found Dawsley sitting at the table in the dining room with his head in his hands.
Good afternoon. I said as I entered.
To you as well. he replied, not looking up.
What a night.
Indeed.
Are we to go out again today?
Absolutely not. Ive sent a man to pick the car up from the impound lot. Today, we rest.
That is fine by me. Its been so long since Ive had such an eventful day as yesterday.
Do not become comfortable with days such as this one, we have much more ahead of us.
The campaign! I cried out. I had almost forgotten!
Please lower your voice!
Sorry about that. I just remembered about the campaign and became excited.
It is fine. The campaign will, indeed, consume a large part of our time.
Ive been meaning to ask you something about the campaign actually.
Whats that?
How will this affect your relationship with Finlow?
Dawsley sat quietly for a moment.
I had not considered it. he replied. I suppose things will not improve between us.
I nodded and began to butter a bagel that had been sitting in front of me on the table. Dawsley moaned quietly and Sandra entered the room. She uttered something in her language and placed two glasses, one for each of us, on the table. 
Drink! she demanded.
We did as we were told. The liquid tasted sweet and syrupy, but had a bitter aftertaste. We drank them quickly and I returned to my bagel, while Dawsley returned to silently resting his head in his hands. About an hour later, we found ourselves sitting in the piano room quietly. The drink we had been given had eased the pain in our heads slightly, but we had drank too much the previous night to be completely healed by Sandras remedy. Dawsley rose up after sitting on the couch for awhile and approached the piano. He lazily dragged his hand along all the keys and sat down on the stool. He began to play a sad song, which was actually quite beautiful. His face displayed the same saddened look I had seen when he discovered that Ellie was seeing someone. I felt sorry for the man.
When the song was completed, Dawsley walked over to the bookcase along the wall and selected a book of poems.
What is that book about? I asked.
It is full of old poems. he replied.
Who wrote them?
I am not quite sure. I have been told that the author was a distant relative of mine. The name is worn off the book, however, and I can not recall his or her name.
Are the poems decent?
They are quite good. I consider myself a romantic of sorts and therefore anything poetic draws me in.
That is quite interesting.
How so?
I dont know. It just is.
You can be quite a peculiar man, Truman.
I chuckled and laid my head against the arm of the couch. This was a strange side of Mr. Dawsley. For such an eccentric, he quickly turned into a recluse for seemingly no reason. Perhaps going out was the cure for him.
May I ask you a question, Truman? he said suddenly as he looked up from his book.
Yes, of course. I replied.
What is it that you like about the burning bush?
How do you mean?
I mean what I have asked. You admire something about the bush. What is it?
Well, I suppose I admire the juxtaposition of it.
What do you mean exactly?
Well, I like how it is rare and exotic, yet it appears in common places, as you so accurately stated before.
Dawsley nodded understandingly and returned to reading his book. I noticed that he did not turn the page for several minutes and that his eyes appeared fixed in one position as if he had been overtaken by intense thought. I soon found myself overcome with thoughts, though they were of no particular importance to anything.
He read quietly for several hours while I napped on the couch. The ringing of the phone awoke me during the evening and Sandra brought the phone into the room for Mr. Dawsley. He placed his book down and answered the phone. A sly grin emerged on his face and he listened attentively before hanging up.
Who was it? I asked.
That was Finlow. he replied. He is none too happy with our campaign endorsement.
Dawsley seemed restored by this news and quickly hopped up from the couch.
Come along, Truman! It is time we ate. he said
I stood up, still slightly in pain from the previous nights drinking. We walked into the dining room where Sandra had placed a cooked chicken on a tray upon the table. Dawsley cut the bird and distributed the meat to both of our plates. We ate and conversed. Dawsleys spirits had risen to such heights since the call from Finlow and it was as if he had never been hungover at all. The mysterious rivalry between the men was still an absolute puzzle to me, but with patience I was sure that it would come out eventually in one way or another.
We sat by the fireplace in the piano room after dinner. This room was to become our usual place of relaxation when occupying the mansion. Dawsley watched the flames dance around and I admired the paintings on the walls. They all seemed to be portraits of members of the Dawsley family.
Are those members of your family? I asked.
Yes. he replied. One day my portrait may join them on the wall.
We sat quietly for a little while longer before my curiosity got the better of me.
Where has your father been? I asked. Dawsley continued to stare into the fireplace.
He is in the European estate. replied Dawsley. The old man stays there.
So you are the only one who lives here?
You say that as if I am a child. I am a grown man, Truman. I do not care who thinks otherwise.
I did not mean to imply anything.
That is quite all right. I do, indeed, occupy the house myself. Actually, Sandra has a room of her own and has taken up residence here as of late. he said. He sat quietly for a few more moments. Regarding my father, let us not, however, speak any more about him.
I nodded understandingly. The dejected look returned to Dawsleys face and I felt bad for bringing it up. Another call interrupted our thoughts and Sandra rushed into the room with the phone. Dawsley took it from her and answered. He spoke quietly for a few minutes before hanging up and returning the phone to Sandra, who quickly shuffled out of the room.
That was Gainsburg. he said. He wants to meet tomorrow morning about the campaign. Dawsley began to grin. What do you say, dear Truman? Are you ready to change the world for the better?



Chapter 8

I was awoken the following morning by the sound of Dawsley playing the piano. The tune was more upbeat than the last one I had heard him play, which gave me the sense that his mood would be a cheerful one. Descending the stairs, the music grew louder and more beautiful. I entered the piano room and took a seat on the couch. Dawsley was swaying in a lively fashion to match the music. He finally finished and swung himself around to face me.
Good morning, Truman! he exclaimed joyfully.
Good morning, Mr. Dawsley. I replied with a yawn.
Did you sleep well?
I did, indeed.
Very good. Youll need a lot of energy for today. There is coffee in the dining room.
With that, he spun back around and began playing another lively song. It sounded like ragtime, but I could not be certain. I entered the dining room and poured myself a cup of coffee, which I drank black. It was bitter and room temperature, which caused it to be quite unpleasant, but Dawsley had deemed it a necessity. It seemed as if I was to become a coffee drinker officially.
A short while later, Dawsley entered the room and prepared himself a coffee. I had another as well and we chatted about coffee flavors and the best ways to prepare morning coffee. When we had finished drinking, Dawsley and I left the house. Luckily, a driver was waiting for us today. We entered a limousine that was parked in the driveway and Dawsley let out a dissatisfied sigh.
I really do not care for cars of this length. he said.
They are so elegant, though. I replied.
They are tacky at best. We might as well be sat in a school bus.
Dawsley opened a thermos that was sitting in a holder inside the limousine. He poured the contents into two different cups, handing one to me.
Drink up! he said.
What is it? I asked.
Coffee.
Ive already had two cups this morning.
Youll need three at least!
I think you are overestimating how strenuous this day is going to be.
Nonsense! If you will not drink your coffee, then hand it over here.
I handed the cup back to him and he began drinking from both. By the time we reached the campaign office, Dawsley was energetic beyond reason. He hopped out of the car excitedly and I did my best to keep up with him. We entered the office and saw that it was empty except for Mr. Gainsburg.
Morning. said Gainsburg.
A good morning to you! exclaimed Dawsley.
Are you okay? You seem a little off.
I am properly fueled for a grueling day of saving the world, dear Gainsburg!
Is he okay, Truman?
Hes had quite a bit of coffee. I replied.
As long as he can work like a normal person, it shouldnt be too much of a problem.
I can work like six normal people and three oxen! exclaimed Dawsley.
Those are some oddly specific numbers.
And yet they are accurate!
Gainsburg stared at him for a few moments before shifting his gaze to me.
I need you two to help me recruit today.
Recruit? I asked.
Yeah, as you can see the office is a tad empty. We need people or well never get this thing off the ground.
What happened to the original workers?
Finlow happened.
Oh, Finlow! Thou art a blasted devil! proclaimed Dawsley.
Gainsburg stared at him once more and returned to speaking with me.
Is he going to be able to do this?
Hell be fine. I promised.
Gainsburg nodded and handed us a stack of forms to pass out to whoever wished to help with the campaign. Dawsley was shaking from the caffeine and perhaps from the excitement of saving the world as well. He took off out the door, leaving Gainsburg and I in the office.
Please control him. he said.
I will do the absolute best that I can. He tends to be a handful without the energy overload. I replied.
Thats reassuring.
I apologized quickly and ran out of the office in the direction of Dawsley who was accosting a young couple half way down the street. I approached them, panting from running and presumably looking like a complete lunatic. The couple were terrified by the energetic man speaking rapidly about saving the world and his gasping companion. They ran off quickly, leaving the two of us standing on the sidewalk.
Nice people! said Dawsley.
Horrified people! I responded. What are you doing?!
I am recruiting!
You just scared away two perfectly fine people with your energy!
Oh nonsense! They were a fine couple, but not right for the job!
Dawsley went to run off again, but I kept up with him this time to ensure that a repeat performance would not break out. We approached a man in sunglasses sitting on a bench and Dawsley extended his hand immediately, introducing himself. The man looked around suspiciously and returned the greeting.
Would you like to help save the world? asked Dawsley.
What my associate means, I began, is to ask if you would be interested in helping to run candidate Gainsburgs campaign.
Hes the fellow running against DuChamp? asked the man.
The very same. said Dawsley.
No thanks. Im voting for DuChamp. He dresses nicer.
Surely that can not be your reasoning for casting a vote.
Good as any other reason, is it not?
It really is not. I replied.
Well, thats how Im voting. Now if youll excuse me.
I will pay you a thousand dollars to come and work for us. said Dawsley.
The man lowered his sunglasses to look at Dawsley more clearly.
A thousand dollars? he said.
A thousand dollars. repeated Dawsley.
Make it two and Ill help.
Its a deal. Take this paper and report to the office at the address on the form.
Dawsley handed him the form and walked away. I shot a disgusted look at the man on the bench and followed after my companion. This campaign seemed as if it would be filled with people like the man on the bench, out for themselves and no one else. I must admit that I did not even fully trust Gainsburg, for at the end of the day he was still a politician. Dawsley, however, trusted him completely. 
We approached several more people and were able to recruit a few, both men and women. With these additions to the campaign staff, we returned to the campaign office and found Gainsburg instructing our recruits as to what they would be required to do. Dawsley smiled at the sight, clearly feeling a sense of accomplishment. He truly believed in Gainsburg.
The new recruits began making calls to the homes of potential voters to ask who they would be voting for and to try to convince them, if they were not convinced already, to vote for Gainsburg. It seemed like an awful job and I was glad that it was not mine. All we had to do was supply the finances to run the campaign and run some errands every now and then. We spent the day picking things up and dropping things off. Envelopes and folders, as well as monetary payments, exchanged hands for the entirety of the day. That night, the limousine brought us back to the estate where we drank spiced rum and conversed about the events of the day. When we reached a certain level of drunkenness, Dawsley began to play one of his upbeat songs on the piano. I danced what I thought was a jig and laughed all the while. Sandra was less than enthused when she entered the room.
Shhh! she said. Time for sleep! No music, sleep! Go!
She pushed and pulled us out of the room and we retired to our respective bedrooms, falling asleep quite quickly. 



Chapter 9

The following morning, Dawsley and I met in the dining room for breakfast. Neither of us felt sick from the previous night of drinking, which was fortunate. Dawsley reached across the table and picked up the coffee.
Maybe not today. I said.
What do you mean? he asked in reply.
The coffee. Perhaps it would be best to avoid it.
Ill just have the one cup.
He poured the coffee into a crystal mug and began to sip it slowly. I picked up a newspaper and began reading. None of the stories were of much interest other than those regarding the election for governor. The polls had listed DuChamp as in the lead by a significant percentage. I believed it to still be early in the race, but I felt it would do no good in sharing the poll information with Dawsley. He seemed in relatively high spirits this morning, which was refreshing and contagious.
The driver from the day before picked us up again and drove us to the campaign office. Gainsburg and his newly acquired staff were all hard at work when we entered.
Good morning! said Dawsley loudly.
Morning, boys. replied Gainsburg. 
How goes the election?
Not terribly, but by no means well.
How can we help?
Actually, I need the two of you to attend a meeting on my behalf. I need a certain politicians endorsement if Im to remain a part of this election.
Which politician?
Congressman Bell.
Well, we shall meet with Mr. Bell and secure that endorsement!
Im glad to hear it! The meeting is at noon at the Atlantis. You know the place?
We do. I replied.
Excellent. Dont screw it up, gentlemen.
With that, he picked up his phone and punched a bunch of numbers before cracking a big, phony smile and flattering the person on the other end of the line with hollow compliments. I was really beginning to not like Mr. Gainsburg, but if Dawsley believed in him, then I had to as well.
At a quarter to noon, Dawsley and I were picked up by our driver and brought over to the Atlantis. Dawsley let out an irritated sigh which informed me of his feelings toward the restaurant. I disagreed with him. The place was a luxurious palace of a restaurant. The architecture was of an ancient Greek design and columns from Atlantis itself helped the building remain standing. The floors were made of marble and stone and the walls were adorned with large murals of Gods and Goddesses. Tables were scattered about the room and there was not a casually dressed person to be seen. I, therefore, felt out of place.
A waiter escorted us to the table where the congressman was seated. He was squinting at his menu through his glasses and could not seem to focus the words enough to read them. He was an older man with bright white hair and a grey mustache. We greeted him and shook hands before taking our seats at the table.
Wheres Gainsburg? asked Bell.
He deeply regrets not being able to make it. I replied.
He wants my endorsement, so he sends a couple of his flunkies? 
We are his financial backers. said Dawsley calmly. His seeming professionalism surprised me. I was whole-heartedly expecting a grandiose statement of little practical meaning.
I see. I suppose theres a difference.
We are hoping that you will support Mr. Gainsburg in his campaign.
Why should I? Ill have you know that a very prestigious man in this state is offering me quite a bit of money for my endorsement of Mr. DuChamp.
His name wouldnt happen to be Finlow, would it? I asked. Bell looked surprised and flustered.
Its none of your business what his name is! he proclaimed.
Its no secret that Finlow is backing DuChamp. If he is offering you a sum, wed like to try and outbid him. I replied calmly.
Bell sat back in his chair and smirked.
Oh yeah? How much are you offering?
We can double what hes paying you. said Dawsley.
I highly doubt that.
Might I ask why?
The man is not only paying me a handsome sum of money, but hes investing quite heavily into my business.
Gainsburg can do the same.
I dont think he can. said Bell. Gainsburg is anti-mining. An investment in mining would therefore be a tad contradictory, dont you think? People tend to frown upon flip-flopping politicians.
Dawsley and I sat quietly while Bell smiled at us. 
Is there anything we can offer you? I asked.
Im afraid not, sonny. My endorsement is already secured by Mr. DuChamp. Now, if youll excuse me, I have some interviews to attend. Get the bill, wont you?
Bell stood up and nodded at us before exiting the restaurant.
Finlow, that vile dog! exclaimed Dawsley.
Im starting to understand more completely why you detest him. I said.
Dear Truman, you dont know the half of it.
Will I ever?
In time I am certain you will hear the story. However, this is neither the time nor the place for such a tale.
Okay.
Why would he invest in mining? The man is a thieving inheritor at best! Surely he has little reason for doing such a thing other than to damage our campaign.
That does seem peculiar. 
Oh, what a dog he is!
A waiter came over with a plate of food, presumably ordered by Bell before he left. Dawsley decided he would eat it and pay and I decided to go for a walk. I exited the restaurant and began to stroll down the sidewalk. Leaves had been carried on the wind and deposited on the streets and sidewalks, which were being swept away by men with brooms in several spots. I walked and thought about Dawsley. I could not pin the man in any way other than as an eccentric. He was an enigma, both foolish and genius at different times. I wanted Gainsburg to win the race for governor only so Dawsley would be happy. He seemed to me to possess a deep sadness, masked by false excitement and euphoria. Perhaps, though, I was wrong. It was too difficult to tell with Mr. Dawsley.
My thoughts shifted to that of Mr. Finlow. I did not know the man well enough to formulate an honest opinion, but Dawsley had become a sort of friend and so I would side with him no matter what. I tried to piece together their history from what I had gathered from their encounter. They had known each other since boyhood, that much had been outright stated. Finlow had implied that Dawsley and himself had been faced with tragedy and Dawsley had implied that Finlow was teased by the other boys. Could such a rivalry exist due to such petty boyhood actions? Surely there was more to the story, for the fate of Atlantias politics was to be heavily influenced by said rivalry.
As I walked and pondered all of these questions, a limousine pulled up and the door opened. I entered, assuming it was the car that Dawsley and I had been in earlier. I went to greet my companion, but came face to face with the monocled fiend, Mr. Finlow.
So glad you could join me. he said softly.
Whats going on? I asked.
I just want to talk.
I dont have anything to say.
No?
No.
Well, congressman Bell tells me you just met with him.
So what?
So it would be wise to leave the man alone. Our business is important and not exclusive to this silly little race for governor. I do not want you and your foolish companion accidentally impacting my business.
We just want his endorsement.
You will stay away from him.
Oh, but we will not!
Finlow scowled for a moment before smirking again and lightly chuckling. I suddenly felt Dawsleys passion to have Gainsburg win the election. 
What do you even want with the mining industry? I gather that it is a new venture for you. I said.
I could have been so much more than I have turned out to be, you know. Bells business is, indeed, new, yet very important to my future. Now, enough of my personal matters. You will not have the endorsement, I can promise you that. he replied.
Finlow smoothed his hair with one of his hands. He was going grey around the temples and his face was wrinkled from stress. His monocle annoyed me beyond words, but I ignored it and continued.
And I can promise you that we shall have the endorsement.
Finlow scowled again.
You would be making a colossal mistake, young man. Now, get out of my car, you piece of common trash. You have overstayed your welcome!
He pressed a button that was next to him and the car came to a stop. I exited quickly and found myself back in the exact spot I had been picked up in. I watched the limousine speed off and frowned to myself. Finlow had placed me on his list of enemies, which caused me great fear. Unlike Dawsley, I did not have the means to oppose such a man and I knew that if it came to conflict, I would lose almost instantly. I must admit that for several minutes I considered the idea of leaving town. I would cross the bridge by cab and hop a train going West to start a new life, free from the quarrels of the wealthy and out of their reach. Then, I remembered Dawsley and knew that I could not allow myself to abandon the man, regardless of how threatened I felt by Finlow. 



Chapter 10

I walked over to the campaign office and found everyone hard at work. Dawsley was nowhere to be found. 
Has Mr. Dawsley stopped by? I asked Gainsburg.
No he hasnt. You lost him? he replied.
Im afraid so. After the meeting we parted ways for awhile.
Im sure hes fine. However, I received a call from the congressman.
I braced myself for the verbal assault that I was sure was coming. Instead, I received a pat on the shoulder.
You boys did good work. he said. Bell is in.
I did not know how to respond. Both Bell and Finlow had assured me personally that we would never receive the endorsement. Dawsley must have done something. That was the only way I could conceive the change occurring.
Did he say why? I asked.
What?
Nothing, never mind.
I walked away quickly and exited the office. I was exhausted and hungry and worried about Mr. Dawsley. The man was not accustomed to being alone outside of his estate and any number of situations may have befallen him. I hoped the driver was at least with him. I found myself across the street from Atlantia Park and decided to stroll through it in order to ease my mind. 
As I was walking, I found Mr. Dawsley. He was sitting under a tree, watching a father and son fly a kite together. I watched Dawsley from a distance, curious as to what he was doing. After several minutes, he rose up and began walking away with his hands in his coat pockets. I followed him from a distance, unsure of why I was doing so. He stopped in front of a man playing guitar and listened for awhile with his eyes closed. After a couple of songs, he tossed a few bills into the musicians open guitar case and continued his walk. 
I watched him sit down on a bench and he let out a deep sigh. I was unsure of how to react and decided to approach him. As I did, he put on a smile and greeted me. I sat down on the bench next to him.
What are you doing here? I asked him.
What do you mean? he said.
Youre alone in the park.
Many people are alone in the park.
That is true, but it still seems strange that you would be one of them.
I assure you that there is nothing strange afoot.
Okay.
Speak, Truman, I can tell you have news.
Well, we have received the endorsement.
Yes, I made certain that we would.
I had a feeling you played a role in it. How did you gain the endorsement?
I paid him.
The answer seemed off. Bell had made it quite clear that we could not outbid Finlow.
He accepted this time?
He did, indeed.
But there is more. I said. Dawsley smiled sadly and nodded.
He is to keep his private business with Finlow. he said.
That does not seem so bad. Certainly it is not ideal, but it is not so bad.
There is more. he continued. I am to stay away from his daughter.
Who is his daughter?
Ellie, the woman we met the other day.
Excuse my confusion, but that does not seem like an issue.
Perhaps not for you, but I am very much captivated by her. We have been writing to each other since that day in secret. Bell discovered some of our letters and now forbids any more to be sent. She is to marry Finlow some day and if she were to be with me, relations between Bell and Finlow would surely diminish. Money before love, Truman.
I did not know you had been exchanging letters.
Indeed we have. As I said, we were doing so in secret. I had a letter taped to the bench where we met. She found it and responded the very next day. From there, we left each other letters in different parts of Atlantia. Now it is over.
Dawsley transformed before my eyes into a feeble old man, despite the fact that he was actually in his mid-thirties. This new agreement with the congressman had taken a large toll on him.
There will be other women. I said in an attempt to console him.
I suppose so. he replied.
Shall we head back to the estate?
That sounds in order.
We left the park and found the driver smoking a cigarette outside of the limousine. He flicked it away and got in the car. We entered as well and the car took off down the road. 
Mr. Dawsley, I said, why would you give her up in exchange for the endorsement?
I made a commitment to Gainsburg and this state. he replied.
Surely you would be able to overlook it, though?
Perhaps, but the one thing my father taught me himself was to always honor commitments.
It was both admirable and noble. Mr. Dawsley turned his head and stared out the window, lost in saddened thought. I hoped that the following day of working would return his spirits to those grand heights that seemed so common to him.



Chapter 11

We did not consume spirits that night, instead we went to our respective bedrooms. I did not sleep much that night, as I was too worried about the state of my companion. He may have been an impulsively foolish man at times, but he was a good impulsively foolish man and did not deserve what had happened.
The following morning, we met again in the dining room. Dawsley was smiling and whistling and Sandra was shuffling around with a broom in her hands.
Good morning. I said.
Ah, Truman! Good morning to you as well! he exclaimed.
You seem in high spirits this morning.
Aye, tis true! Gainsburg called this morning.
What did he say?
He says we have a fighting chance. There is still hope for this state!
I smiled and poured myself a cup of coffee. The transition in moods in this man was truly remarkable. Perhaps he felt that his sacrifice had not been in vain. I decided not to question it any further, as I did not want to risk triggering an intense depression in him by mentioning the tragic events of the previous day.
When exactly is the election? I asked.
Tomorrow! he exclaimed.
I nearly spit my coffee out onto the table. I had not anticipated it to be so soon.
We have only just started campaigning! I cried out.
Yes, we have, but the campaign has been going on for quite some time. We were simply late to the party, but just in time to save it. he replied.
So what do we do now?
I think we shall take the day off and drink. What do you say?
Shouldnt we go down to the campaign office?
No, I dont believe that would be a good idea today. Gainsburg will be stressed out and may take it out on us in some way that may spoil the positive energy that is so very needed at this time. There is also, quite simply, nothing else to do but wait. The man said it himself.
He did?
More or less.
I was not totally convinced, but knew that any attempt to change Dawsleys mind would prove pointless. He asked Sandra to bring out bottles of liquor for our alcohol feast as he referred to it. She huffed and puffed and muttered in her language, but as always she did as requested. We spent the entire day drinking, slowly at first and then more quickly as the day progressed. 
The next morning was brutal and we were expected to be at the top of our game in order to help bring in as many last minute voters as possible. We drank that awful, syrupy liquid that Sandra made and were chauffeured down to the campaign office by the driver. Everyone was making calls and Gainsburg was standing in the back of the room wearing a suit with a pin reading Gainsburg for Governor on it. He was very clearly in a state of great stress and anxiety.
Todays the day! declared Dawsley.
Dont remind me. replied Gainsburg.
Whats wrong? I asked.
Just pre-election jitters.
Theyll pass.
Theyd better. I need to hit the streets and head over to where the votes are being cast.
Lets take the limousine. suggested Dawsley.
Gainsburg nodded and the three of us left the building and entered the car. Gainsburgs right leg was shaking rapidly from his anxiety. 
Drink this. said Dawsley handing a glass of something dark to him.
Without questioning the contents, Gainsburg drank the whole thing. The car pulled up to the building housing the voting booths and we got out. Gainsburg put on a smile and began to wave to the group of people who were cheering. A news crew hurried over for an interview.
Mr. Gainsburg! Mr. Gainsburg! called the newswoman. He stopped and smiled at her. She approached with a microphone.
Hello, my fellow American! he said with a chuckle. I realized immediately that something was not quite right.
Mr. Gainsburg, what do you have to say about the voter turn out today? she asked.
Hey now, I just got here! he said. He began laughing a little and reached for the microphone. The newswoman stepped back and shot him a disgusted look.
Mr. Gainsburg have you been drinking?
How dare you accuse me of such a thing!
I can smell bourbon on your breath!
Oh no. he said as he raised his hand to his face and checked his breath.
I turned to Mr. Dawsley who was watching the situation unfold as he chuckled quietly.
Mr. Dawsley, you gave him bourbon?! I said in an angered whisper.
A single glass! It seems as if Mr. Gainsburg is a light-weight if Im using the term correctly. he replied.
Why would you give him alcohol?! Its not even noon!
He was too stressed out. A strong candidate must appear confident if he wants to win!
A strong candidate must not be drunk during a morning interview!
If I had known he would become so easily intoxicated, I would have given him half a glass instead.
Gainsburg had somehow acquired the microphone and was singing into it while staring into the camera. I put my hands over my face, too horrified to continue watching. I could hear Dawsley laughing hysterically next to me, as well as the crowd of people who had gathered to see what was happening. To escape, I entered the building and voted for Gainsburg, taking my time in hopes that the spectacle outside would be over by the time I returned. However, this was not the case. Gainsburg had been lifted by the crowd and was being carried around while people took turns singing into the microphone. Dawsley approached me, still laughing.
What a wonderful day this is turning out to be! he proclaimed.
I have to disagree. I replied.
Dawsley shrugged and went inside to vote, wiping the sweat off of his brow as he entered. A short while later he returned and we decided to leave the scene which was still unfolding. In the bar we went to, the television was showing the chaos still occurring outside of the building that housed the voting machines. Dawsley smiled, but the comedy had become less funny to him now. We drank bourbon and talked about Gainsburg. The television then began to show DuChamp, sober and greeting a large crowd of people. 
We went back to the estate after our time spent in the bar and relaxed. Dawsley read a book and I took a nap. When I awoke, we ate filet mignon and drank wine while we speculated on the outcome of the election. At ten oclock, a call came in from Gainsburgs office. Gainsburg had somehow won by a narrow margin. We hurried down to the office, which was filled with balloons, confetti, and cheering people. Gainsburg gave an impassioned speech and specifically thanked Mr. Dawsley, who received a round of applause. 
Now is the true test! declared Gainsburg at the end of his speech. His suit jacket was off and his tie hung loosely around his neck. He was sweaty and his hair was a mess as well. The people cheered and loved every word of what he had said. We all drank champagne and made toasts all night.



Chapter 12

A call from Gainsburg came in the following morning. He had decided to appoint Dawsley and I as advisors to him like he had planned to do on the night we agreed to help him with his campaign.
I did not know a governor actually had advisors. said Dawsley.
Nor did I. I suppose it makes sense, though. I replied.
Dawsley nodded and we left the estate to go down to the office. We found it to be empty and were told by a nice older man who was sweeping up confetti that the new governor was now in the governors mansion. We left the building and hopped back in the limousine and headed toward the mansion.
The mansion was beautiful, but smaller than Dawsleys. The architecture was much the same as the Atlantis restaurants. Both buildings must have still been standing when Atlantia rose to the surface and were likely to have been converted into different establishments. Gainsburg greeted us at the door and invited us inside. He poured us wine and seemed to already be drunk.
How ya like me now?! he shouted with a friendly laugh. His voice traveled through the whole house and several people stuck their heads out of several different rooms to find out if the shouting was related to some kind of interesting event. Disappointed, they disappeared back into their rooms.
Lovely place! remarked Dawsley as he looked around.
Isnt it? Though I think it could do without the portraits of the other governors hanging all over the place.
You would so soon cast out the past?
The past is for fools! There is only the present and the future.
I silently wondered about that statement and it seemed that Dawsley was doing the same. We drank our wine and followed Gainsburg into a room with a long table where several people were sitting.
Have a seat, boys. he said. We have business to discuss.
We sat down and greeted the other people in the room. Some of them we knew from the campaign office, but others were new faces.
You absolutely can not tear down the mining industry in Atlantia! declared a woman sitting next to me.
Im the governor! replied Gainsburg. I can do as I please!
If you ruin that industry, you will ruin the states economy.
Then Ill keep it open! But Im passing something into law today!
Sir, you are drunk.
Get out! shouted Gainsburg. The woman, enraged, stomped out of the room and slammed the door behind her.
Anyone else want to tell me about myself?
No one spoke. Gainsburg walked around the table slowly.
This town is a mess. he said. Were gonna sit here until we fix at least one thing. I dont care how long it takes. he said.
What if we do something about obesity? suggested another woman in the room.
What can we do about that?
Ban something. said one man.
It could work. said another.
How about we ban cake. said Gainsburg.
Cake? said the first man.
Cake. repeated Gainsburg.
All cake? 
Of course not! Just cakes sold in their entirety.
I dont think I follow.
Its as I said, we ban the sale of entire cakes, but still allow the sale of slices of cake.
I see.
The man was not convinced that the idea was good at all, but he seemed too afraid to speak his mind. I couldnt blame him, not after Gainsburg banished that other staff member not five minutes before.
Then it shall be the law! proclaimed Gainsburg as he staggered backward, his hand raised and holding a glass of wine. Start drafting it. he said. He pointed at Dawsley and I. You two, come with me.
We followed the drunk governor out of the room and down the stairs. He led us out of the back entrance into a large garden. It was quite lovely, reminding me of springtime and warmer days. The flowers perfumed the area and lit it up with vivid colors. 
Weve done it, boys. Weve taken the first steps toward saving the world. said Gainsburg.
By banning cakes? I replied.
Dont get snippy with me! Im saving the people from themselves.
But they can still buy enough slices to complete a full cake.
And theyll pay more, which in turn will bring in more tax revenue.
What will you do with that money?
I havent decided yet. I am, however, contemplating the elimination of this dreadful garden. I think a swimming pool would be much nicer.
Im not so sure you can make such changes to a government estate.
Im the governor now. I can and will do what needs to be done.
Dawsley was frowning, but remained silent. This was not the man he believed in before and these ideas were not the ones he had envisioned being put into action. 
Please excuse us, dear governor, but we must be going. said Dawsley.
Fine, get out of here. replied Gainsburg.
We left the mansion and got back in the limousine.
My dear Truman, said Dawsley, I fear we have been deceived by this man.
I nodded sullenly. The car brought us back to the estate and deposited us at the pathway leading to the front door. Sandra greeted us and hurried us inside. I noticed that the bottles of alcohol that were usually on display were missing and assumed that Sandra had hidden them from us. I was not in the mood for drinking, however, and neither was Mr. Dawsley. We entered the piano room and sat down on different couches. My companion picked up a remote and pressed a button, causing the fireplace to light up and begin crackling. He stared into the fire and I laid down, staring at the ceiling. The ceiling was very high up and a lone chandelier hung from it. I was wondering what kind of metal it was crafted out of right before I fell asleep.



Chapter 13

The sound of a booming nocturne jolted me awake and I turned to find Dawsley hammering away on the piano keys. He seemed deep in thought. I left the room and entered another one where a large television hung upon the wall. I turned it on and saw that the news was reporting on the development of the new law that Gainsburg had decided to implement regarding cakes. The television showed images of people shouting in a group in the park and complaining to reporters. It was not a full-scale riot, rather it was a large protest rally.
I returned to the piano room to find Dawsley seated on one of the couches, buried in his book of poems. I did not wish to disturb him, so I left and ascended the stairs to my bedroom. I sat awake for quite awhile, shaking my feet under the silk sheets. The movement helped to calm me down after becoming angered at the thought of being used by Gainsburg. He had, in the end, turned out to be the exact opposite of the right man for the job. That is not to say, however, that DuChamp was the right man either. I fell asleep in an agitated state.
The next afternoon found Mr. Dawsley and I back in the conference room in the governors mansion. Gainsburg was drunk again, both on wine and undeserved power. He was marching around the room blathering about how the cake ban should be appreciated, not protested. His advisors sat nervously, afraid of what harm his drunken impulsivity might bring to them. Dawsley smiled, but I could see him breaking on the inside. It seemed that this was yet another personal failure in his eyes.
The cake ban is going to save lives! shouted Gainsburg. No more little fat kids getting teased, less zumba studios taking up building space, the benefits are limitless!
Several of the advisors agreed with him, presumably out of the same fear that kept them quiet. Gainsburg continued ranting until the phone on the table rang. He stopped marching and ranting and looked at it as it continued to ring. Everyone in the room exchanged glances, unsure of what to do. Finally, Gainsburg picked up the phone.
Hello? he said.
He immediately hung up the phone angrily.
More reporters! How did they get this number?
He looked around the room suspiciously.
Was it you, David?
The man named David shook his head nervously. Gainsburg was not convinced by this and shouted at him, both firing him and commanding him to leave the room. David got up quickly and without protest, hurrying out the door while clutching his briefcase to his chest. Gainsburg continued to march around the room, watching everyone suspiciously. He periodically stopped to take a swig of wine and belch. It was becoming abundantly clear that this man would bring about the downfall of the entire state if left unopposed.
Dawsley and I dined at the estate that evening, both of us thinking about the events of the day. Gainsburg was becoming more unstable by the day, whether it was due to the alcohol or the stress of the position was unclear. What was clear was that something had to be done quickly.
The following week saw more protests in the park, as well as more firings and hirings and firings again. Despite all of this, Gainsburg continued to drink and demand that the law banning cake sales be passed swiftly. He declared that it would be his crowning achievement as governor. The citizens of Atlantia, and at this point, the rest of the nation, thought otherwise.



Chapter 14

A few months of the same routine passed and finally so did the law. The people were outraged, claiming that Gainsburg had declared war on birthdays, weddings, and all kinds of other events. Gainsburg resented the accusations and refused to comment to the press about his new law. A week after the law was passed, Gainsburg called Dawsley and I to a private meeting with him. We entered the conference room and found him standing in front of the window, looking out onto the snow-covered lawn of the vast estate. He looked much older and as disheveled as he had the night he won the election. He turned to greet us sadly.
They say Im a fool. he said. They call my law an infringement on the rights of the people. The people Im trying to save.
People can be cruel sometimes. said Dawsley in an effort to comfort the governor.
Perhaps. Or maybe I am a fool. What do you boys think?
Dawsley and I exchanged glances. I admit that I felt a tinge of pity for the man. Had he acted in this more rational way from the start instead of like a drunken lunatic, he would most likely have had our full support and would not be sitting in his mansion completely alone. This, however, was not the case and I did not allow myself to forget the atrocities he committed against his staff.
You are a fool. said Dawsley. I shot him an alarmed look, but he disregarded it.
I admire you for telling the truth. Youre the most loyal advisor I have. In fact, you two are the only advisors I have left. he said.
What dreadful circumstances!
No, I deserve what I have now.
No one deserves to be left all alone. said Dawsley with what looked like a tear in his eye.
Im finished, Dawsley.
Perhaps you can win back the people.
Gainsburg turned from the window to look at him.
How? he asked.
By giving them what they want.
What, more cake? I cant do that, it would completely undermine my authority.
What if you gave them a holiday. A day off to enjoy something they love.
Mr. Dawsley was in one of those strange periods where he made a lot of sense, his professionalism emerging in full. It was always interesting to see.
That is not a bad idea. said Gainsburg after mulling it over for a few moments. Excuse me, boys. I have to think about this on my own for awhile.
We nodded to him and left the room. Mr. Dawsley was feeling good about himself for helping someone in need, even if said person deserved no help at all. We went back to Dawsleys mansion and drank warm spiced rum while Sandra played the piano. I did not know she was capable of doing so until that night. It was quite the wonderful surprise.
Mr. Dawsley was starting to look older. Grey hairs began to emerge upon his head and he had let his face become covered by a short, stubbly beard, also peppered with grey. The winter months had not been kind to him. His hands dried out and began to crack, shaking ever so slightly as well. It became so bad that he could no longer play the piano, instead having Sandra play for him. She enjoyed doing so and was actually quite good. 
The stress of politics had wrinkled Dawsleys forehead and often kept those wonderfully contagious smiles of his away for long periods of time. Together, we had watched terrible law after terrible law come into action, and each one hurt him a little more. I could tell that he held himself responsible for each of them, since he had sacrificed so much to help elect Gainsburg. He spent more and more of his evenings reading or drinking or both. I had prayed every night for the spring to come quickly and heal him of his hardships.
When the spring finally did come, a number of changes did as well. The leaves had begun to return and flowers began to bud. Birds sang once more and the animals reemerged into the world. It was the warmer climate of the spring that somewhat healed Mr. Dawsley as I had hoped. He shaved his awful beard and his energy returned. It would not return in full until a short time later, though.
Gainsburg had worked very hard to create a new holiday that he thought would gain him the love and support of the people he had hurt for so long. The day was to be called Bacon Day and was scheduled for the following week. Dawsley and I were asked to attend the celebrations with him and to help fund it. Mr. Dawsley, that ever hopeful man, agreed to pay for a part of the event that was to take place in Atlantia Park.



Chapter 15

The morning of the event, Mr. Dawsley and I were eating breakfast when the phone rang. Sandra brought it into the dining room and handed it to Mr. Dawsley.
Hello? he said. He listened for a few moments before frowning and hanging up.
Who was that? I asked.
Finlow. 
Finlow? What does he want?
He told me that he was greatly looking forward to the event today.
That sounds ominous.
Indeed it does, dear Truman, indeed it does.
We finished eating silently, both of us contemplating what Finlows call could possibly mean. We left the house a short while later and entered the limousine that was waiting for us, as it was every day. We were brought to the park and found the festivities to already be under way. The entire park smelled of grease and poor decisions. Entire families were stuffing bacon into their mouths and playing bacon-themed games. It was a bizarre sight to say the least.
Boys! called a voice from the crowd. Gainsburg emerged with a large smile on his face. Boys! We did it! Weve won the people back!
Good for you, Mr. Gainsburg. I said with a forced smile.
Its all thanks to you, Dawsley. he said.
Please, you flatter me, but I had very little to do with any of this. replied Mr. Dawsley.
And hes modest!
He gave Dawsley a pat on the shoulder and hurried back into the crowd to mingle with the people. My companion and I watched the event continue onward successfully. The people were ecstatic to be consuming what would soon be declared a record amount of bacon. This joy, however, was not to last.
The first heart attack came about three oclock in the afternoon. It was followed by several more and soon every paramedic in Atlantia was at the event, reviving people and taking them to the hospital. Gainsburg looked nervous amidst the growing chaos of the crowd. People began to shout and hiss and Gainsburg quickly hid his face so as not to be seen and potentially attacked by the unruly citizens.
We watched as Gainsburg slipped away from the park, hurrying into a parked car on the street that quickly sped away. He had not only attempted to restore health to the people, he also took it away quite efficiently. It was the last time I ever saw Gainsburg. 
The people began to chant anti-Gainsburg sentiments, as well as calls for the repeal of the cake law. Even some people being taken away on stretchers, through their oxygen masks, chanted for the repeal of the law. I was astonished at how willingly the people threw their health away and how quickly they took to blaming others for their lack of self-control. I turned to face Mr. Dawsley, but he was no longer standing next to me.
I spun toward the stage to see if Dawsley had moved in that direction, but instead I saw Mr. Finlow standing at the podium, raising his hands to silence the crowd.
Citizens! he began. Your governor has fled! He has taken and taken and taken from you and fled!
His comments were followed by more boos and hisses. He continued onward.
I am not here to take his place, no, I am here to guide you in the right direction. The man who we must now turn to is Mr. DuChamp, the rightful governor!
The people cheered and DuChamp walked out onto the stage with Bell by his side as well. They waved and smiled and seemed more greasy than the people wolfing down bacon. That was also very surprising. Despite the hospitalization of several people, the others continued to scarf down bacon as they booed the cake laws and the now former governor. DuChamp did not give a speech, he did not have to. The people seemed to unanimously favor him over Gainsburg and he took office unofficially, then later officially, after the event.
I could not find Dawsley in the crowd, so I turned away to search the remainder of the park. The spring had returned a sort of mystical feeling to the world and the park in particular. The air smelled of lilacs and the cool breeze blanketed everyone in calm. It was a time for new hopes and goals and I was hoping that Mr. Dawsley felt the same way.
I found him sitting on the bench I had found him on that one day long ago. His eyes were closed and he seemed to be letting the breeze wash away his immense sorrows. He opened his eyes and stared at me.
Well, Truman, I suppose this is the end of our political careers. he said.
I suppose so. I replied.
Perhaps that is not such a terrible thing.
You seem fairly affected by it, though.
A passing feeling, to be sure.
What do we do now?
I had been pondering that very question before you approached me.
Have you arrived at any answers?
Im afraid I have not thought of anything specific. I do, however, think it wise to retire completely from matters of government. It is a losing game for everyone involved.
Im sorry your opinion has changed.
It is quite all right, I would prefer my opinion to change than to continue being enslaved by an outdated one.
I nodded and sat down on the bench next to him.
Its a wonderful day. I remarked.
It seems quite miserable. he replied.
Surely you are not referring to the loveliness of this season?
Oh! No, of course not. I had been speaking of the events of the day. The weather is quite nice. It is always the perfect antidote to any feelings of wretchedness.
I must agree with you.
We sat quietly taking in the delightful sensations provided by the spring. Birds chirped noisily and children laughed in the distance. The lilac smell continued to fill the air and dissipate any feelings of unpleasantness. The air was warm, not humid or dry, but just perfect. 
I think it is time we begin focusing on enjoyment again. said Mr. Dawsley. We had such wonderful times before all of this election business.
What shall we do? I asked.
I am not quite sure.
So long as we do not end up in jail or scuffles.
I can not promise that, dear Truman.
Let us at least make an effort to avoid them if possible.
But of course. Tell me, Truman, have you ever been in love?
I cant say I have.
Really?
There have been times where I have felt as if I were in love, but in retrospect I doubt very much that I actually was.
That is a shame.
How about you?
What do you mean?
Have you ever been in love?
Truman, you must know by now that I am already in love with the sweet Ellie Bell.
You are still taken by her?
How can I not be? It is clear that you can not understand, seeing as you have never been in love before. When it happens, Truman, when you fall in love at first sight, your world will slow down to a complete halt and she will be the only other person in the world with you. And when your eyes meet for the first time and smiles creep up suddenly, you will feel your soul as if it were a physical entity, dancing around inside of you.
Wow. I replied. That must be quite a sensation.
There is none like it in the entire world.
And you felt this with Ellie?
The very moment I saw her.
And it has lasted this long?
Indeed it has. She grew more lovely as our correspondence continued on, but my love for her was doomed from the start. I am fearful that she sees me more as a companion than a love, an escape from the rigid upper society that she has been forced to inhabit, and yet sees me as a wealthy man nonetheless.
I did not know what to say in reply. What he was speaking of was beyond my comprehension. I did, however, understand that if Mr. Dawsley was ever to feel whole, he either had to attain Ellie, or emotionally move on from her. I was inclined to choose the second option, seeing as Ellie was already romantically involved with another, although he was an awful man. Congressman Bell, her father, had also taken precautions against Mr. Dawsley ever becoming involved with her. To incite the wrath of those two men by aiding Mr. Dawsley in courting his love would be very foolish indeed. However, she was clearly the love of his life and he would, perhaps, never love another. It was a possibility and it left me conflicted over which course of action to support.
I decided to sleep on the decision. If only one of the two men were to become an aggressive enemy, it would perhaps be manageable enough to oppose him and help Dawsley win Ellies heart. But the two of them? The effects of angering them would very likely prove catastrophic. Their combined means would be enough to overpower Mr. Dawsley and would absolutely decimate me. Still, I could not help but feel conflicted despite the obvious appeal of finding Mr. Dawsley a different woman to love.



Chapter 16

I had not been able to come to a decision by the next morning. I admit that I hoped I would not have to, that Dawsley would decide to find a new woman to love on his own. This was not a man to give up easily, however, and I did not believe that he would start when it came to Ellie, for better or for worse. I fantasized again about leaving and never turning back in order to save myself from the devastation on the horizon which seemed so terribly near. But, in the end I stayed where I was. I had made a commitment to Mr. Dawsley and his words regarding honoring such promises rang true inside me. I may have wanted to leave, but I could not. I would not. 
I found Dawsley at the dining room table reading a newspaper. The front page showed Gainsburg covering his face with one hand, presumably as he was heading to his car. The headline read: Gainsburg Goes Wee-Wee-Wee All the Way Home. I knew what the article said without even having to read it. It would discuss his numerous failed laws, his drinking problem, the health concerns related to Bacon Day, and probably several quotes from former advisors on the poor leadership of the man. The article would also praise DuChamp and Finlow for stepping in to save the people and Bell would give a ringing endorsement to counteract his previous one.
I left the room and went to watch the news on the television. As expected, the various news networks were covering the Bacon Day fiasco. They tore into the shortcomings of Gainsburg and even created their own myths about the man. It was hard to pity him, but he did not deserve the careless news coverage that was outright lying about him. 
The story following that one showed Finlow and Bell shaking hands over a new deal to further fund the mining industry in Atlantia. Ellie stood slightly off to the side with that bright red hair of hers that caused her to stand out nonetheless. She was clapping dutifully and smiling the way only the rich and bored are capable of. Congressman Bell began to make a speech about the economy and jobs and industry and other key words that politicians like to throw out during events such as this. I turned the television off and walked to the piano room where Dawsley had just taken a seat at the piano.
He played an upbeat rag-time tune which seemed to cheer up the entire house. Even the ever-surly Sandra began smiling and sweeping to the rhythm of the song. I poured myself a coffee from a small glass tray on a small glass table in the corner. I decided against taking one of the shortbread cookies that also sat upon the tray and walked over to the couch where I sat down. I listened to Mr. Dawsley play a few more songs before he abruptly stopped in the middle of one. He spun around quickly.
Dear Truman, he began as he often did, where do women gather?
What do you mean? I replied.
I mean as I have said.
Where do they meet?
Yes.
They are not a gang or a club with meetings.
That is not what I mean and you know it.
I find the question peculiar.
There is nothing peculiar about it! I just wish to know where I might find a woman to bring out on dates and the like.
What happened with Ellie? I asked. I immediately regretted asking the question. I had known it was a touchy subject, but the words decided to force their way out anyhow. Dawsley smiled sadly.
I have told you already. he replied. He turned back around and played another rag-time song, though he played it much slower than it was meant to be played. It created a melancholy sensation which was so opposite to what rag-time music usually produced. Sandra looked at me and shook her head disapprovingly. I looked apologetically at her, but she took her broom and moved into the dining room, leaving the two of us in the large room full of sad rag-time and quiet, internal suffering. When the song was over, Dawsley sat facing the piano with his hands at his sides.
I am sorry, Mr. Dawsley. I said. He turned to face me.
It is quite all right, Truman. he replied. Your question was a reasonable one. I had just the day before told you of my inexplicable, irrational love for her. It makes perfect sense that you would wonder about my change of heart, so to speak.
It was none of my business and I apologize again.
There is no need, I assure you.
Okay.
Now, Truman, he said grinning, where do women meet?
Clubs tend to be popular.
I thought you said they were not a part of a club?
I am speaking of a different kind of club. A dance club.
Ah, yes! I have heard of such places, but I admit I have never attended one. What are they like?
From my experience, they tend to be loud, crowded, and dark.
That sounds just perfect.
I am not exactly in agreement with you.
Surely you must be excited by them to some extent.
If only.
Mr. Dawsley thought over what I had just told him.
And you say that women gather at these dance clubs? he asked.
Yes, all women seem to be in the dance clubs in the evenings.
Then perhaps that is where I will find love!
I highly doubt that, Mr. Dawsley.
Why?
You will not meet a classy woman in a dance club.
Did you not say that all women attend the dance clubs?
Yes, but --
And if all women attend the dance clubs and none of the women in the dance clubs are classy, then perhaps it is time we reevaluate our definition of the term classy.
I had no reply. Mr. Dawsley could be exceptionally bright when arguing a point when it suited him to be so. There was very little use in debating him on such trivial issues in which he felt passionate for one reason or another.



Chapter 17

We spent the day drinking bourbon, playing music, and eating. Sandra was kept busy cleaning up after us, but the music kept her in high spirits which led her to be more tolerant of our buffoonery. 
The later hours of the evening found us sitting in chairs by the fire. Sandra had finished cleaning for the day and decided to play a few songs on the piano that she had learned as a young girl in her home country. The songs were beautiful and exotic, sounding like nothing I had ever heard from a piano. I was quite impressed. Mr. Dawsley, however, sat quietly, staring blankly into the flames of the fireplace. Sandra was playing a slow, haunting melody when Mr. Dawsley rose up and left the room. Sandra stopped playing and we could hear him ascending the stairs, which was followed by the soft closing of his bedroom door. I poured myself another bourbon and offered one to Sandra. To my surprise, she accepted.
Thank you, Mr. Truman. she said.
You are very welcome, Sandra. I replied with a warm smile.
This is strong drink, no?
It is, indeed. My apologies. Would you like something else?
No, it is fine.
Sandra, I began, how long have you been working for Mr. Dawsley.
She thought quietly for a moment.
Since he was little boy. she said.
Has he always had these moods?
Moods?
Yes, moods. Becoming sad for no reason?
Oh, yes. He has had moods for many years. Since Mr. Dawsley father left.
What do you mean?
When Mr. Dawsley was boy, his father left him alone. I raise him with others, too. We take care of Mr. Dawsley. I am only one left now.
Why did his father leave?
Shame. Mr. Dawsley leave school as boy and come to live at home.
He left?
Yes.
Why did he leave?
I do not know. He blame Mr. Finwol.
Mr. Finlow?
Oh, yes, Mr. Finlow.
I contemplated these new revelations quietly and sipped my drink. Sandra finished hers and stood up.
Goodnight, Mr. Truman. Thank you. she said.
It was my pleasure, Sandra. Goodnight. I replied.
She shuffled out of the room and I continued to sit in front of the fire, watching the flames crackle and hiss. After several minutes, I stood up and went to my bedroom. I sat on the bed for a short while thinking about Mr. Dawsley as a child, wondering what could have happened. His father abandoned him, he left school, he developed a rivalry of sorts with Finlow. He never had any real family other than Sandra and whomever else was helping to take care of him. What could have happened? I made a mental note to inquire about the events of his childhood over breakfast the following morning, but then swiftly erased it, thinking it too personal to bring up so casually. I would have to wait and hope for him to bring it up, not the other way around.



Chapter 18

Today we find love! declared Dawsley as he entered the dining room with a spring in his step. I put the days newspaper down and looked at him questioningly.
Just like that? I said.
How else?
You make it sound like were going shopping for cars.
Not at all! I am simply confident, dear Truman!
Perhaps a tad overly confident.
Is there any other way to be?
He was in exceptionally optimistic and high spirits, completely contrasting the Mr. Dawsley that had occupied the piano room the previous night. As usual, I did not question the contradictions that arose in the man and simply accepted his moods for what they were whenever they occurred. It proved slightly taxing, but it seemed like the correct thing to do.
We ate bagels with lox for breakfast and drank chai tea that Sandra had prepared. If one person had a mostly consistent mood, it was Sandra, who poured the tea, slapped Dawsleys hand when he reached for his cup across the table, handed him his cup moments later, and shuffled out of the room.
Pardon me, Truman. I forget my manners from time to time. said Dawsley.
Thats quite all right. I responded. By the way, when you said we are to find love today, did you have a location in mind for this search of sorts?
Dawsley smiled and sipped his tea before responding.
I believe the dance club is in order. The Compass Rose I think its called. Something related to maps. I honestly am becoming quite tired of such names.
Are you sure? I told you that you will more than likely not find what you are looking for in one of those clubs.
We must try anyhow.
Fine, but the clubs do not usually open until the late evening.
Dawsley frowned at this and began thinking silently.
Well, we have an open day before us it seems. he said finally.
It appears that way.
What shall we do?
Perhaps a stroll through the park?
A splendid idea!
We finished our breakfast and tea and left the room, entering the limousine, which had become our standard car since the incident with the police some months before. Dawsley had been forced to pay a hefty fine at that time and it was decided that he should not drive any more and his license was revoked. He did not protest this and his father was not informed, so his ban from driving remained in effect. When we were seated inside, the car took off toward the park, the driver silent as ever.

Chapter 19

The day was quite lovely, both warm and sunny. The sky was a cloudless light blue, occasionally dotted with birds flying in the distance. The park smelled of lilacs again, which delighted me. As we walked, we watched families having picnics and dogs retrieving thrown items to their owners.
Along the path we came to a woman taping a flyer to an iron lamp post. She was struggling to hold the flyers while taping one of them and they began to fall. I rushed over to catch them, but they escaped her grip and flew in all directions before I reached her. I picked up as many as I could and handed them to the woman.
She took them and thanked me, though many of them were still floating around the park and tumbling through the grass, only moving if someone tried to pick them up as dropped papers tend to do. 
This is the worst job ever. she said.
Try politics. I replied. She laughed and took one of the flyers from the pile, handing it to me.
This group I know is having a mixer tonight. The two of you seem friendly and normal, so you should come. Itll probably be really terrible, but dont let that stop you.
How could it? I said as I chuckled. She laughed again and looked at me smiling. She had gorgeous, bright eyes of green. Her hair was dirty blonde and held up with a white headband, exposing her beautiful face. I felt as if we were looking at each other for an eternity. Time had stopped and for the first time in my life, I felt my soul as if it were some sort of creature trying to wriggle its way out of me. We continued staring as the world around us disappeared into nothingness. Then, Mr. Dawsley interrupted and shattered the moment. I suppose it was only fair, though, seeing as I had done the same to him when he saw Ellie for the first time.
We will be there. he said to the woman.
Great! she exclaimed. By the way, Im Kate Maloney.
I am Mr. Dawsley and this is my friend, Thurgood Truman.
Nice to meet you!
Likewise. I said.
Well, hopefully Ill see you two tonight at the mixer. All of the information you need is on the flyer. Bye!
We both said goodbye to her and she walked away, taping flyers to lamp posts as she went. I watched her and from time to time she caught me looking, but only smiled and went back to her task.
Truman, you dog! said Dawsley with a grin. What did I tell you? Today is the day for love!
I would hardly call it love. I replied defensively.
I can see it in your face, dear Truman. You have fallen in love with that young woman.
I just met her! It is not possible for me to be in love with her.
Of course it is!
No it is not! I only know her name and that she enjoys mixers. Actually, I dont even know if she enjoys mixers, I only know that she attends them!
You are making a scene, Truman. Do not let your love control your tone, we are in public.
Oh, be quiet.
I walked away annoyed while Dawsley chuckled heartily behind me. He soon made his way over to me and kept my pace as we walked.
What will you wear? he asked.
Probably what I have on currently. I replied.
No, no, that will not do.
It will do just fine. What are you going to wear?
I will not be attending.
What? Why?
This is your moment, Truman. Besides, I have much to ponder about and must take some time tonight to do so. We will attend the dance club together some other time, as well.
You cant ponder after the mixer?
Im afraid not. You will be fine on your own.
I am not worried about that.
Good! Then we are all settled. he said as he began to whistle and walk ahead of me down the path.



Chapter 20

That night, I dressed in clothing borrowed from Mr. Dawsley at his request. I had been content with my appearance, but he insisted and at this point I knew how futile it was to argue with him as I have stated before. I will admit that I looked nicer than I had in my clothes from earlier in the day.
In the dining room, I ate sparingly, as my stomach was all tied up in knots and had banished my appetite. Dawsley, on the other hand, ate enough for the two of us. When he finished, he stood up and wished me luck before leaving the room and ascending the stairs to his bedroom. Something peculiar was afoot, but I had no time to investigate, nor did I have the mental clarity to do so.
The usual driver was waiting for me with the limousine outside in the driveway. From this, I deduced that Dawsley would be spending the night in the mansion, or jail if he did in fact decide to leave by car. The limousine took off and I sat close to the cars bar, mixing myself a drink to ease my nerves. 
I did not understand why I was nervous. I had worked in politics and had thus met many strangers and been a part of large crowds which did not cause me any anxiety. Something was different this time. I thought about Kate and my stomach knotted up even more. I finished my drink and decided that that woman was more than likely the reason for my nerves acting up. She was, indeed, lovely, but said loveliness was taking a toll on me. However, by my second drink, I had begun to feel more confident and prepared for the event.
We arrived late, which was the usual with this driver. I did not complain, as Dawsley must have kept him around for some good reason. I thanked him and exited the car. The building was a hotel nearby the park that had rented out its grand ballroom to whatever organization was hosting the mixer. I was relieved to find that the clothes I wore were of the same level of quality as those of the other men and women in the room. Had I not listened to Dawsley, I would have looked like a fool. I wandered over to the bar and ordered a bourbon.
Make it two. said a womans voice. I turned toward it and was greeted by Kate, who was wearing an orange dress, her hair let down this time. I smiled at her and she returned it.
Hello, nice to see you. I said to her.
Nice to see you, too. she replied.
The waiter placed our drinks on the bar and I paid for them.
Ah, a gentleman are we? she said.
But of course. I replied, raising my glass.
To terrible mixers. she said as she raised her glass.
To terrible mixers. I repeated. We touched glasses and drained them. I ordered two more and paid for them as well.
So, Thurgood, where is your friend this evening? she asked.
Couldnt make it. He has work to do or something. I replied.
Sounds like a lie. she said laughing.
It does, doesnt it?
Yeah. Well, I guess I have you all to myself tonight. Shall we dance?
She backed away from the bar, extending her hands out to me. I grabbed them and she pulled me onto the dance floor. A slow song was playing, so we danced in that fashion. 
What do you do for Mr. Dawsley? she asked.
Im not sure how to describe it. I said. Im a sort of tour guide of society I suppose. Though, he is the one doing most of the guiding.
Interesting. What does he need a guide for?
Just to help him navigate Atlantia.
Youre not from Atlantia, though. she said. That comment raised a red flag for me.
How would you know that? I asked.
Your accent. she said. I can tell youre from one of the original fifty states.
Yes, yes I am. Where are you from?
Connecticut.
I hear its nice there.
Its okay at best.
We danced in silence for the rest of the song and when it was finished she pulled me back over to the bar. Drinking more would have been a bad idea, but I had drank enough to substitute good ideas with bad ideas. Kate ordered two bourbons and we sat at the bar drinking.
So, youre his assistant then? she asked.
Who? I replied.
Dawsley.
Assistant? No. I guess I do assist from time to time, though. Maybe I am an assistant.
How did you get the job?
You sure ask a lot of questions about my work.
Im just curious. Honestly.
Well, okay then. Ready for this? He picked me out of the phonebook!
Wait, what?
Thats right! Out of the phonebook! I laughed. She looked confused and forced a chuckle.
Thats so odd. she said.
If you knew the kind of things weve been involved in, youd redefine the word odd
What have you been involved in?
Buy me a drink first.
I had, at this point, lost that gentlemanly charm that she had so admired. She bought me another bourbon, a double to be precise, and I began drinking it.
You were saying? she said.
Well, we got arrested. We also won an election with Mr. Gainsburg. Do you remember Mr. Gainsburg?
Very well. My birthday was a little ruined, but justice was served in the end.
I sort of feel bad for the man, though.
Tell me about the arrest.
Reckless driving or something. Nothing serious.
She frowned and took a sip of her drink. She was drinking at a much slower pace than I.
The two of you were involved in the Gainsburg election? she asked.
Thats right! Financial backing. Well, Dawsley handled that, I did other important things. He actually acquired the endorsement that saved the whole thing. I replied.
Kate moved in closer.
He did? she said.
Thats right. Congressman Bell made a deal and endorsed our candidate. I stated proudly.
What kind of deal? she asked.
The room began to spin and before I could answer, I fell off my stool and passed out. I woke up on the couch in the Dawsley estates piano room in a state of utter confusion some time later. My head was throbbing and the room was empty except for Mr. Dawsley, who was sitting in front of the fireplace.
What happened? I asked slowly.
Ah! Youre up! he replied. Dear Truman, you must learn to hold your alcohol better.
He was chuckling quietly and looking at me. I sat up and ran my hands through my hair.
How did I get back here? I asked.
The driver brought you in. Apparently you had stumbled outside in presumably a black-out period and laid down on a nearby bench. My driver found you when he returned at the end of the mixer with your head on Ms. Maloneys lap. He took you into the car and she handed him the piece of paper over on the tray in the corner to give to you.
I walked slowly and dizzily over to the tray. On the paper was her phone number and the words: Call me!. I smiled and put the paper in my pocket. Mr. Winit was smiling.
Tell me, Truman, is there anything more special than a blossoming romance?
Not this again.
He laughed and began tending the fire. After a few moments he stood up and wished me goodnight.
Wait, I said, what time is it?
About one in the morning. he replied.
I laid on the couch and listened to the sound of his footsteps move toward his bedroom. They were followed by the sound of his closing door as usual. I began to realize the impact this house could have on the mind. Little things were constantly becoming routine. If I were Mr. Dawsley, I would have hired someone to accompany me as well.
I remained on the couch, staring at the chandelier and thinking about the night. Kate had asked a lot of strange questions, but she struck me as just the type of person who is intrigued by minor details and not so much by the things other people would take interest in. It was a sort of innocent, lovely pedantic quality, a quality too rarely seen that I greatly admired. My thoughts shifted from her to Dawsley. How he had spent his night was unclear. I had a feeling he had not left the house at all. He had said he had things to think about, but had not been specific. After all this time, I still knew little about the inner workings of his mind.
Sandra entered the room and turned the fireplace off with the remote.
Sandra! I called out quietly. She looked around fearfully.
Who is there?! she cried out.
Its me! Thurgood!
Oh! Mr. Truman! You scare me!
I apologize, Sandra.
What are you doing here?
Resting. I have a question for you, though.
What question?
Its about Mr. Dawsley. What did he do tonight?
He stay home and play piano. Then he read and write letters.
Letters?
Yes, letters.
Do you know who he was writing to?
No, sorry.
Thank you, Sandra.
Yes, okay. she said. She shuffled out of the room and left me on the couch. I stood up slowly once more and made my way over to the bookcase along the wall. I began to search his books for any letters he may have written or received. I found one in the poetry book his ancestor had written from Ellie Bell, but it had been dated months ago around the time their original correspondence would have been occurring. Further searching turned up no evidence. I laid back down on the couch and rested my throbbing skull on a pillow. Sleep came swiftly once more and took me away from all of my suspicions, however unfounded they may have been, and from my regret-filled thoughts about the mixer that night.



Chapter 21

At breakfast the next morning, Dawsley was again in exceptionally high spirits. He whistled as he buttered a piece of toast and I glanced at him inquisitively from time to time as I sipped my coffee. He was focused on his task and oblivious to these looks and I wondered what I would say if he noticed and questioned them. If he was in fact writing to Ellie again, it could cause major, life-altering problems. He would be taking on an important politician, as well as his immensely wealthy and resourceful nemesis. I had often thought about what devastation such a conflict would bring about, as I have stated previously. 
Truman, said Dawsley, tonight we will attend the Compass Rose.
Okay. I replied. He frowned and stared at me.
Thats it?
What do you mean?
I was expecting some banter over the issue.
You wont find any conflict here.
Well, that is good.
Yes. By the way, how was your evening?
Quite uneventful. he replied without a hint of unease or suspicion.
Did you accomplish whatever it was you were looking to accomplish?
I did, quite early in fact. I spent the remainder of the evening playing the piano.
Might I ask what it was you needed to accomplish?
You might, but you will most likely not receive an answer. I will, however, tell you that it was nothing of importance to you.
Are you sure?
Pardon?
I just want to make sure that whatever it is wont have far-reaching consequences.
Truman, you are out of your element. I think it best that we end this discussion. I have told you that it is of no importance to you. Therefore, you will remain unaffected.
I nodded silently. His words had not fully reassured me, but the subject was clearly one he was not willing to speak about. It made the matter, however, wholly more interesting. 
Will you call Ms. Maloney? he asked after a brief period of quiet.
I am not sure. I responded.
And why is that?
I made a fool of myself at the mixer.
Women tend to like fools. Do not assume she has so easily cast you away. After all, she left her number after you had made a buffoon of yourself.
I suppose that is true.
It is. Call the woman, Truman. said Dawsley as he stood up and placed his silk napkin upon the table. She sounds like a delightful person.
With that comment, he walked out of the room and up the stairs to his bedroom, where he had been spending more and more of his time as of late. It was starting to concern me, but I did not want to risk annoying him with questions about it. I would simply have to observe and piece together what I could. Perhaps I would have to investigate. I did not know how I would go about that, though, as Dawsley was always in the mansion at the same time as myself. Searching his bedroom would be almost impossible under the circumstances.
I sat in the piano room, drinking bourbon casually and thinking of potential ways to infiltrate his room for my investigation. I wondered if it would be an immoral action to do so, but quickly decided that it would not be, as his secrets, whatever they were, could very likely ruin the lives of many people including myself. I just hoped that he was not courting Ellie. Ellie, who had pulled him in so close before with her teasing, only to abandon him and break his heart. He had been a different man ever since the congressman had made the deal with him. It was a subtle difference, one that only a man in my position would be able to see, for I was with him quite often and had developed a sort of sixth sense for reading the mans moods.



Chapter 22

That evening, Dawsley and I dressed casually, though not poorly. The driver took us in the limousine to the club and deposited us right outside of the front doors. The bouncer, sensing our importance, immediately allowed us to enter before the crowd of complaining twenty-somethings standing in line.
Dawsley seemed excited. He entered the club as if it were his personal kingdom, the people all his subjects. I made my way over to the bar, as alcohol would be the only way I would be able to tolerate such an environment. 
For starters, the club was roughly the size of a broom closet. The floor was sticky and the air was humid with sweat and body heat. I soon discovered the drinks to be watered down and had great difficulty unsticking them from the surface of the bar. The bartenders reminded me of Sandra, though Sandra occasionally smiled and displayed personality. The crowd on the floor were bouncing around to music of such a volume that it dulled the effects of the alcohol and sobered one up instantaneously, unless presumably, one was hopping around like a lunatic.
I looked for Dawsley, but could not find him on the outskirts of the crowd. It was then that I looked into the heart of the crowd and saw him dancing like a maniac with several other people. I drank my drink and his and walked back over to the bar, careful not to rest my arms upon the surface of the bar. I ordered another drink and downed it quickly. I ordered another and did the same once more. Drunkenness came after a few minutes, but the pounding music kept me in a state of alarm and the liquor could not work its soothing magic on my nerves and mind.
I exited the club and sat on the curb. Dawsley would be occupied in the club, looking for love apparently, and I would have to wait patiently for him. It was then that I realized the opportunity to conduct my investigation of the mans bedroom. I hailed a cab and requested he drive as fast as humanly possible to the Dawsley estate. He did as I asked and was tipped quite well for it.
I entered the mansion quietly, so as not to alarm Sandra and raise her curiosity. I ascended the stairs and approached Dawsleys bedroom door. I turned the knob and found it to be locked. I cursed under my breath and looked all around me. Where could the key have been? I checked under a piece of loose carpet and in the potted plants nearby, but found nothing. I looked up at the door frame and ran my hand across the top of it. I felt cold metal and managed to pick it up. It had turned out to be the key. I unlocked the door silently and opened it.
Dawsleys room looked almost exactly like mine, though his was in a much more disorderly state. Clothes from previous days were all over the place and crumpled up pieces of paper littered his bed. I picked one up and opened it. It was addressed to Ellie Bell. I heard the sound of Sandra shuffling into my room to tidy it up. I was running out of time, but still did not have any evidence that he had sent letters or received any. I ransacked his drawers, not at all cautiously, as the mess he had left would surely disguise any potential misplacement of items. 
I found the letters he had received from the woman back when he had been courting her and she had been pretending that they stood a chance of being together. She was a selfish woman at heart, but Dawsley was able to see past it due to either denial or obliviousness. I found nothing to imply that the two had resumed writing to each other and I went to leave the room. Sandras footsteps approached the door quickly. I panicked, but she only lingered for a few moments in front of the door before shuffling down to her own room and entering it. I breathed a sigh of relief and left the room.
I descended the stairs and called for another cab. One arrived shortly thereafter and brought me back to the club. I sat down on the curb again, listening to the echo of the music emerge from the building whenever the doors opened to let someone in or out. I waited for about a half hour before a sweaty, joyful Mr. Dawsley emerged. He lifted me up and patted me on the shoulder.
There is no love to be found here, dear Truman. He said as he attempted to regain his breath. But what wonderful fun!
I chuckled and the two of us returned to the estate in the limousine. Dawsley told me of the music and the dancing and the women he had met. He agreed with my earlier statement that there was no class to be found in a club, but he debated it partially, saying that everyone regained their class upon leaving. His idea sounded reasonable so I nodded to him in agreement. I wanted to ask him about the crumpled up letters to Ellie. I wanted to know why he had written them, why he had discarded them, and why he was still thinking of her. I suppose I knew the answer to that last question, but the other two were perplexing in an irritating sort of way. They left the possibility open for that devastation I so feared. I did not raise the issue with him for obvious reasons. I had violated his trust by entering his room while he was out and despite the good reasons I had for doing so, I still felt immoral.



Chapter 23

We arrived back at the mansion fairly late in the night. Sandra was nowhere to be found and I deduced that she had gone to bed. Dawsley and I sat in the piano room in front of the fire as we so often did at the end of a long day. We drank bourbon casually and not in order to become intoxicated. I, however, failed and entered into the realm of slight drunkenness. This would prove to be tragic.
Youre writing to Ellie. I said suddenly. Dawsley looked at me in light shock.
Pardon? he said.
Youre writing to Ellie Bell.
Truman, you are drunk. Ellie and I ended our communications quite a long time ago.
I was in your room. I saw your crumpled up letters. I said. Dawsley rose from his chair in anger.
You entered my room?! he shouted.
Do you have any idea what you are doing? I asked.
I would ask you the very same question! You are a guest in my home!
Mr. Dawsley, do you know what could happen?
Do you think I dont know?
Then how could you risk so much?
For your information, Truman, I have not sent her a letter in many months.
Then why are you writing them?
Because it is easier to put feelings on paper than to bottle them inside!
I sat quietly, my entire being consumed by regret. Dawsley looked upset.
I owe you no explanations, Truman. You are the one who has committed wrong here. he said.
Mr. Dawsley, I --
See yourself out, Truman. he said as he walked out of the room.
I sat there, stunned and ashamed of myself. I stood up slowly and left the room, ascending the stairs and entering what was now my former bedroom. I collected my few possessions that I brought with me and packed them in my suitcases. I was unsure of if I should knock on Dawsleys door to apologize or not. I finally decided after a few minutes of contemplation that it would not be a wise decision at this time. I turned the light off in the room and left.
There was no car waiting for me in the driveway when I left the mansion. I had not called a cab either and so I walked out to the street. The night was a bit cold and the ground was wet from light rain that must have occurred sometime earlier while I was inside the house. I made my way into the populated area nearby to the mansion and waited for a cab to drive by. While I was standing there, a familiar face approached me.
Hey, man, I know you. said the man. It was the mugger from the park. He was dressed much nicer than he had been when we encountered him and he had the appearance of having gotten his life together.
Hello, I said, how are you?
Look at me! Im doing quite well!
Congratulations.
Why so glum, friend?
Its nothing. Tell me, how exactly have you risen so high from robbing people? If you dont mind my asking, that is.
I dont mind at all! You see, I took that money you guys gave me and I was on my way to buy some booze with it. Before I made it to the store, a fancy-looking man approached me and offered me an investment opportunity. Normally Id say no to people like that, thinking it was a scam or something, but this guy had a monocle. You dont see things like that too often these days. I figured he was the real deal and took him up on his offer.
Do you remember his name?
Samuel something.
Finlow?
Yeah, thats it. You know him?
Only from what I read in the papers. I lied.
Hes a real smart guy. Doesnt like your pal too much, though. He was always talking about how much he despised him and stuff like that.
Do you have any idea why?
Not really. Something from when they were kids. Who knows. All I know is he hates your buddy more than anything in the world. Its pretty creepy actually.
What was the investment?
The mining industry. Big bucks to be made there, too!
Thats great. I said as I hailed a passing cab. I have to run, but it was good seeing you. Glad youre on the up and up.
Good to see you, too! Tell your friend Im forever in his debt!
Will do.
I entered the cab and almost requested to be taken to the Dawsley mansion out of habit. I told the cabbie the address of my apartment, of which Dawsley had been paying the rent while I was staying with him. I assumed that that arrangement was over now. We crossed the vast, metallic bridge which brought a great sorrow into my heart. I had betrayed the most good-hearted man I had ever known and all for naught.



Chapter 24

When we pulled up to the apartment, I tipped the cabbie and exited with my possessions. The building was the same as it had been when I left, all brick and no soul. I walked up the creaking stairs and entered my room, quickly tossing my suitcases onto the floor and falling down into bed. 
 The next morning I awoke to the familiar sounds of sirens and car horns. I ate breakfast alone, which consisted of toast and old orange juice. The mail did not come, nor did the paper, as Dawsley had had my mail forwarded to his mansion. I spent the afternoon changing my mailing address back to the apartment and sitting with my guilt.
I put my hands in my pockets and found the note from Kate with her phone number on it. I thought about calling her for several minutes and finally summoned up the courage to do so.
Hello? said Kate on the other end of the line.
Hi. Kate? I replied.
Yes, who is this?
Its Thurgood.
Oh, hi! I was wondering if youd call me. How are you?
Not bad. I lied. How are you?
Not bad myself.
Thats good. I was wondering if maybe you would want to have dinner tonight?
Im afraid I already have plans for dinner. Im free for drinks after that, though.
Okay, that sounds great.
Okay!
She gave me the address of the bar we would meet at and we said goodbye and hung up. I dialed the number for the Dawsley estate, but hung up while it was ringing. I sat in front of the phone for a few more minutes before I got up and went to take a shower. I always thought best in the shower, but on this day I could not focus on any one particular thought.
I dressed in my old clothing and put the television on for background noise. The news was on and the weatherman was pointing to a map of the tri-state area. Apparently a cold front was headed this way and it was suggested that we wear warm clothing in preparation for it. It was an odd forecast for the season, but then again most things were odd lately.
I called for a cab and went down to the street to wait. I sat on the curb and watched people going about their days. I did not care to speculate as to what they were doing, due to the immense amount of things bouncing around in my mind. The cab pulled up soon after and I told him the address of the bar.
I arrived a little later than we had agreed and I found her sitting at the bar alone. I approached with the most genuine smile I could muster.
Hi! she exclaimed.
Hi! Sorry Im late. I replied. I had to come across the bridge and there was traffic.
You were outside of Atlantia?
Yes. I was home.
I thought you lived with Dawsley.
I did. We had a falling out recently.
Oh, Im sorry to hear that.
Its okay.
If you dont mind sharing, what happened exactly?
I stuck my nose where it didnt belong.
And where was that? she asked. Her curiosity piqued my own. Our conversations seemed to continuously center on my relationship with Mr. Dawsley.
I thought he had taken a shirt of mine, so I broke into his room to snoop around. He found out, we argued, and now weve parted ways. I lied.
You parted ways over a shirt?
Yes.
Interesting.
I dont think Ive asked you yet what kind of work youre in.
Lets order drinks first.
We ordered a couple of strong drinks that she had recommended and sipped them slowly.
So, about your line of work. I said.
Im an engineer. she replied.
How interesting! What kind?
Civil.
Is it a good job?
Not particularly, though it pays well. I suppose that is the only reason I stay.
I nodded and finished my drink. Kate signaled to the bartender and he fixed me another one of the same type. I had begun to become quite drunk about half way through the second. Kate was still working on her first slowly.
Where do you work? I asked.
She told me the address and I made a mental note of it. She was such a lovely, wonderful woman and I decided that I wanted to surprise her with flowers at work some time like characters in movies sometimes did.
So what are you doing for work now? she asked. I had not thought about that at all since returning home.
I am not quite sure. I replied.
You dont know what youre doing?
No, what I mean is I dont have another occupation and Im not sure where to apply.
Oh.
It will be okay. Maybe Ill try mining. I joked.
Why do you say that?
Apparently the industry is booming over here.
You dont strike me as the mining type.
And what is the mining type?
Large and muscular. You are too clean cut as well.
You wound me. I laughed. She laughed as well and apologized for any perceived insult.
We drank more and talked about nothing of particular importance. She mentioned Mr. Dawsley a few more times, but I steered the conversation elsewhere each time. At the end of the night we kissed on the cheek and went our separate ways, agreeing to see each other again.



Chapter 25

Back in my apartment, I wrote the address of her workplace down so as not to forget it come morning. I went to bed smiling and feeling happy for the first time in days. The next morning I ate alone once more. I again considered calling Mr. Dawsley, but I could not think of what I would say. I let the issue drift from my mind and I left the apartment. I hailed a cab and had the driver take me to the nearest florist. I purchased some roses and had the driver bring me to the address that Kate had given me. When we arrived, the location she had told me turned out to be a dental office. Confused, I entered the building to inquire as to the whereabouts of the engineering offices.
Theres no place like that around here. said the receptionist.
Are you sure? I asked.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
I left the building and stood on the sidewalk. Something was very wrong with the whole situation. I had a cab bring me back to my apartment and I immediately called Kate. I had a feeling I knew what was going on.
Hello? she said.
Hi, Kate.
Oh, hi! How are you?
Quite well. How are you?
Quite well myself.
That is good. Dinner tonight?
Im all tied up at work until later tonight. she said. How about drinks again?
Sure.
Great! Same place?
That works for me.
Excellent! See you later.
Goodbye.
That night, we met in the bar from the previous night. Kate was earlier than I once more and had ordered drinks for us. Tonight, I would not consume any alcohol.
Hi! she exclaimed. I went ahead and ordered us drinks.
None for me, thanks. I replied. She frowned.
Not even one?
Not tonight.
I ordered a club soda and the bartender poured it for me quickly.
Is everything okay? she asked.
Just fine. I responded, smiling.
Okay, good.
How was work?
Taxing. How was your day? Did you patch things up with Mr. Dawsley?
I did actually.
Oh, good! How is he?
Quite well.
Thats great to hear. What has he been up to?
He actually just bought a controlling share of the mining industry in Atlantia.
The news caught her off-guard and she choked while drinking.
Are you okay? I asked.
Wrong pipe. she replied, regaining her composure.
As I was saying, he now controls the mining in Atlantia.
Thats wonderful. And youre absolutely sure of this?
Indeed. I was there when he received the news that he is now in charge.
You know, I think I ate some bad fish at lunch. I should probably go.
She left in a hurry and I had a feeling it would be the last time I saw the lovely Kate Maloney. I went back to my apartment, feeling betrayed and foolish. I had developed such intense feelings for her and she had been using me all along. I sat up in bed quickly and rushed out the door, still in my pajamas. 



Chapter 26

A cab deposited me at the gate of the Dawsley estate a little after midnight. I scaled the stone wall that held the gate, as it was closed and I needed to speak with Mr. Dawsley immediately. I landed hard on the ground and got up as fast as I could. I ran up to the door and began pounding on it. Sandra answered the door with a broom in her hand, ready to attack.
Sandra! Its me! I need to speak with Mr. Dawsley! I yelled to her.
Go! Go from here and leave Mr. Dawsley alone! she replied.
What the devil is going on? asked Mr. Dawsley from behind Sandra. Truman?
Mr. Dawsley, I must speak with you!
Then come in.
I entered the mansion and found Mr. Dawsley smiling.
Mr. Dawsley, I am so very sorry for what Ive done. I said apologetically.
Truman, after consideration I came to realize that you acted out of the best interest of the both of us. Even if your methods were devious. I forgive you and would like it very much if you moved back in and resumed working for me.
Of course! Thank you, sir!
Do not call me sir, Truman.
Im sorry, I had forgotten.
You seem worked up over something. Come into the piano room and speak with me.
We entered the room and sat in front of the fireplace. Dawsley turned it on with the remote and looked at me curiously.
What is the matter, dear Truman? he asked.
I think Finlow is plotting against you. I replied.
How do you mean?
Kate Maloney. She is working for him, I am sure of it. Him or Bell, I do not know which.
I had anticipated this eventually, but not in such a way.
You had?
Indeed. The night you left the mansion, I acted foolishly and out of spite. I sent a letter to Ellie. She responded the following day and we decided to meet. This afternoon we had lunch in secret. It was delightful and I dare say she is beginning to fall for me. Finlow is not good enough for her and she is starting to understand it.
What happens now?
Now I wait for her to come to me with chaos at her heels.
They have found out?
I do believe they have. I was to receive a letter from her this evening. No letter came for me. I suspect we have been found out and that plotting has begun.
What will they do?
That is unclear at the moment. I have hired men to watch the property, but they will be replaced in the morning. They are clearly not efficient if a man such as you could so easily make it to my door in the middle of the night. No offense of course, Truman.
I understand.
Splendid. How did you discover Kate was involved, by the way?
I told her you gained control of the mining industry in Atlantia.
Dawsley roared with laughter.
And let me guess, she ran away? he said.
She did.
I am terribly sorry to hear it, Truman. You seemed nice together.
I will heal in time.
Thats the spirit! Speaking of spirits, shall we have a drink?
That would be fine by me.
We poured bourbon into glasses and toasted to my return. As we drank and caught up on the mundane aspects of our time apart, another knock came at the door. Sandra opened it once more, broom in hand. Ellie slipped past her and ran into the room. Dawsley stood up and she threw herself against him.
They have found your letters! she cried. They know what we have done!
Be calm. replied Dawsley.
How can I be calm? They will come for me!
They will come for me as well.
Samuel has always been looking to strike you, that is nothing new.
Are you and he finished?
I certainly am! I have heard from a reputable source that he has lost control of the mining industry. We will be poor!
Ah.
Oh, this is such a dreadful situation!
You must stay here with me, Ellie.
Are you able to accommodate me?
Of course, my sweet.
Then I shall stay. Goodnight, you two.
She left the room and ascended the stairs.
She will have your old room, Truman. I apologize, but would you mind sleeping in a different guest room? It will be less extravagant, but it will have to do.
I do not mind at all. I am concerned about your relationship, however.
How so?
Is she not drawn to your money?
Truman, you and I have just repaired our friendship. Let us not undo that process.
Dawsley left the room and went up the stairs to his own. I continued to sit in front of the fire. The devastation was coming, and it was coming soon. I thought about Kate and it made me miserable. I decided to go to bed and free myself from all thoughts of her and what she had done to me.

Chapter 27

The next morning, Dawsley, Ellie, and I had breakfast together. It was much nicer than eating alone in my apartment and I made a promise to myself to try not to cross any more lines with Mr. Dawsley. 
Ellie ate sparingly, playing with her food more than eating it. Dawsley smiled at her and she returned it. I could sense the forced nature of her smile and felt bad for Mr. Dawsley, who remained in complete and utter denial over her true personality. 
After breakfast, Dawsley made calls to several unknown people and after hanging up explained that they were for extra security. Ellie continued to look nervous, but I had the sneaking suspicion that she was more worried about the financial impact this unfolding situation would have on her lifestyle than the actual dangers that were imminent. 
Mr. Dawsley played a few songs on the piano which Ellie listened to while smiling. I could see how most men would fall in love with this woman, the way she carried herself in such a forbidden and enchanting way. Mr. Dawsley would have played that piano for her for the rest of his life without stopping if only to keep that smile on her face.
I came from a less privileged lifestyle and so knew not to take the words and actions of others at face value. I had gotten to know and trust Mr. Dawsley, but Ellie was still a stranger to me. I, however, had very little interest in getting to know her any more. She had come from the enemy of my friend after practically being engaged to him. She went from where she felt she would become poor to where she felt she would remain rich, or so it seemed to me as I have been stating.
After awhile of listening to Mr. Dawsley play, Ellie grew bored and began examining her nails which were appropriately painted with a gold polish. Dawsley finished his song and went to join her on the couch she was sitting on. They exchanged smiles and he took her hand in his.
My dear, you seem restless. he said.
I am just exhausted from being so nervous. she replied.
You must allow yourself to relax, you are safe here.
Perhaps dinner at the Atlantis this evening would calm my nerves.
Dawsley flashed a nervous smile.
It is dangerous for us to go out of the mansion, sweet Ellie. We have many enemies in Atlantia who wish us nothing but harm.
You mean they wish you nothing but harm.
And if you are with me, then you will be in harms way.
Then do not bother to come along. I will dine there tonight myself.
Please, Ellie, do be rational.
Rational?! I am a prisoner in this house! I will be leaving this evening, just you watch.
I am telling you it is not safe.
You are a foolish, coward of a man.
You are anxious. You do not mean your words.
I do! I believe I shall leave now in fact! Good day!
Ellie stood up and marched out of the room. We heard the front door slam behind her and sat in silence. Mr. Dawsley looked both shocked and sad.
Are you okay? I asked him.
I am fine, Truman. he lied.
She is not good enough for you.
Let us not speak on the matter at present. She will return when she realizes her foolishness.
How can you be sure?
Because you are right, Truman. She follows the scent of money.



Chapter 28

He poured himself a drink and downed it before pouring another. He began to look old again, changing before my very eyes. I wished that I could console him in some way, but he was heartbroken and the only cure, as far as I had been told, was time. He walked over to me with two glasses and handed me one. We sat and drank for quite some time. At one point, Dawsley summoned Sandra to the room and asked her to play a certain song. I did not know it by name, but when she began to play I recognized it from back when Dawsley had left the room upon hearing it. It was odd that he would request to hear it specifically when he knew how it affected him.
Sandra played it beautifully and with great emotion. Mr. Dawsley sipped his drink, his appearance becoming more and more aged-looking as the time passed on. It was a very long piece of music and when it was finished Dawsley looked at Sandra and said, Again.
She played the piece once more, the quality not decreasing from the previous performance. While she played I turned to Mr. Dawsley who was sitting quietly with a miserable look on his face.
Mr. Dawsley, I began, what is this song?
Do you enjoy it, Truman? he asked.
It is quite beautiful.
It is.
If you do not mind my asking, what is the significance of the piece?
How do you mean?
I can tell it draws great emotion from you.
Dawsley took a swig of his drink and sat silent for a few moments.
My father wrote it. he said finally.
He is talented. I replied, not knowing what else to say.
He was. I do not know if he still is.
You do not speak? I asked. I knew I was treading on rocky ground and attempted to be as careful as possible, so as not to induce yet another ejection from the house.
We do not. he replied. He has no place in his life for disappointing sons.
I am sorry.
For what? You have done nothing.
I am sorry to hear about your relationship with your father.
I have made what peace I can with it.
I am glad to hear that.
Would you like to hear a story, Truman?
I nodded my head slowly and cautiously. Mr. Dawsley was slightly drunk and not in a good place emotionally. He finished his drink and turned to me.
You remember Mr. Finlow of course.
I nodded again.
When he and I were boys, we were sent to a prestigious boarding school for wealthy young men. We had both entered, aware of the rivalry between our fathers from their own boyhood years. This created an automatic distrust and dislike of each other before we had even exchanged words.
He got up and poured himself another drink before sitting down and continuing.
Samuel Finlow turned out to be quite unpopular with the other boys. He so desperately wanted their attention and praises, but the more he tried to attain them, the further away he drove them. I, unlike Samuel, was quite popular. This irritated him to no end and he began to come to school with welts on his arms and face. He would not tell anyone what had happened, but we were familiar with his fathers temper, as well as his fathers impossibly high expectations for his son.
Samuel had had enough one day and decided that it was time he take what he thought was rightfully his. He had stolen copies of a test that was to be given and decided that distributing them would bring about the respect of the others, elevating him to the status that his father demanded of him. He managed to steal the tests, and I, foolishly and at the command of my own father, told the teachers what Samuel had done. He was ejected from the school, but not before he brought me down with him.
Dawsley drank quietly for a few minutes, the memories he was reliving taking their toll on him. He cleared his throat and began again.
Finlow managed to sneak copies of the test into my possession without my knowledge. He told the teachers that I had aided him in stealing the tests and they searched my things, finding the copies. I was ejected along with Samuel and we were sent to our respective homes in shame. My father was beside himself with his shame. He could not bare to look at me. I was the first Dawsley in a century to not graduate from that particular school. I had tainted our familys name, or at least that is what my father thought. He refused to dine with or speak with me. He hired Sandra and others to take care of and educate me. Then he moved to Europe, leaving me here alone.
That is the worst thing I have ever heard! I exclaimed.
You understand now why Finlow and I hate each other so?
He destroyed your family.
And I destroyed his. We were pawns of our fathers game against each other. In the end, we both lost. His father beat him black and blue before disowning him. It was a shame, but I have no pity for the man.
I did not know what to say, so I drank instead. Mr. Dawsley did not seem like he was expecting a response anyhow. He was lost in thought and memory, sipping his drink every now and then. The silence was broken by the sound of Sandra missing a note of the song accidentally.
That will do for tonight, Sandra, thank you. said Dawsley.
Okay. she said as she got up and shuffled out of the room to prepare dinner.
Mr. Dawsley rose up as well and left the room, though he headed up to his bedroom. That night I dined alone in the mansion. Mr. Dawsley had been in his room for a couple of hours and I was worried about him. Ellie had yet to return as Dawsley had predicted she would. I felt slight tinges of worry about the fate of Ellie. She had turned her back on whoever seemed to have lost their wealth or luxuries, and seeing as everyone had fluctuated between fortune and misfortune, she was more than likely friendless in Atlantia. I had decided, for Mr. Dawsleys sake, to go looking for her after dinner.



Chapter 29

The driver was napping in the shed of keys and I woke him, informing him of the situation. He nodded sleepily and pulled the car out for me. I got in and told him to bring me to the Atlantis. The car left the mansion quickly and we made it to the restaurant rather quickly. I exited the car and entered the restaurant.
The place was packed with the rich and fortunate of society. I spotted the congressman at a table with several other men in suits, all smoking cigars. I hid my face with my hand and continued searching for Ellie. I asked the hostess if she had dined there and she told me she had, but had left with some man. I asked if the man wore a monocle and she nodded.
I ran back out to the street, but the driver was gone. I looked around in a state of worry and found myself being grabbed by two large men. A limousine pulled up and they forced me inside. I found myself face to face with Finlow once again.
Why must you be such a perpetual thorn in my side? he asked me.
Where is Ellie? I replied.
She is none of your concern, you lowly dog.
If you hurt her --
Youll do what exactly? You dont care about her, its Dawsley that does. Let him fight his own battles, wont you?
You are correct, I dont care about her. I care about Mr. Dawsley and he wants her to be safe.
Bully for him.
Why wont you leave him alone? Let him be! The past is the past, is it not?
What would you know about the past?
More than you think.
Then you would be wise to keep it to yourself.
I stared at him angrily and he stared back, calm. The car pulled up to a building I had never seen before and the door opened from the outside.
Get out. said Finlow.
Where are we?
He signaled to his men and they pulled me out of the car and gave me a shove to the ground.
Gentlemen, this our guest. Pick him back up and do not push him again unless I tell you to. he said. 
They lifted me off the ground by my arms and dusted me off. Finlow smiled at me.
Take him to his sweet Ellie.
The men brought me into a small metal trailer and tied my hands behind me. Ellie was tied up already and was crying. The men laughed and gave me a kick to the stomach, winding me and almost causing me to lose consciousness. Ellie stared at me, begging me to help her with her eyes. I, however, was powerless to do anything.
Ellie, are you okay? I asked.
No. she replied through her tears.
Do you know where we are?
One of Finlows buildings. It has something to do with the mining. Where is Dawsley?
Hes safe in his estate.
Hell come for us.
It was then I realized why we were brought here.
No, I said, no, he cant!
Why? she asked.
Thats what they want.
Ellie began weeping uncontrollably once more. I may not have liked the woman, especially since all of this was because of her, but I felt badly for her nonetheless. I tried to console her, but there was nothing I could have said or done to alleviate her fears. We sat quietly, except for Ellies occasional bursts of sobbing, waiting for something to happen. I did not know if we were to leave the site with our lives. I did not know if Mr. Dawsley was on his way or had been captured. I did not know of anything happening outside of the trailer.
Will they kill us? asked Ellie.
No, they would not. I replied.
My father will come and rescue us. I know he will. He would never allow Samuel to do such a thing.
I was not as positive of such a thing as she was, but I nodded so as to calm her down. It worked to an extent, as her sobbing died down after that. I looked around the room for anything we could have used to escape or signal for help. I managed to move my hands from behind me to in front of me with great effort. My shoulders hurt from the process, as my arms had to be extended past their normal range. I made it to my feet, which had also been bound, and shuffled over to a window on the other wall. 
I need your help. I said to Ellie. She looked up at me.
With what? she asked.
The window is too high for me to see out of it clearly. I need you to boost me up.
How?
Move your hands to your front as I have. Then, just push my foot up while I try to pull myself up with my hands.
Okay.
Ellie moaned with pain as she attempted to move her hands. After my encouraging her to keep trying, she managed it. I counted to three and jumped up, grabbing the windowsill and holding on with every ounce of strength in me. Ellie grabbed the bottoms of my feet and was pushing up. Her help was not much, but it was better than nothing. I looked through the window and saw a man with trash bags dumping them into a hole in the ground. I called out to him, but he couldnt hear me through the glass. 
On three, I need you to push my feet up as hard as you can. I said to Ellie.
Okay, Ill try. she replied.
One. Two. Three!
She pushed and I threw my head as hard as I could against the window. It broke, but shards of glass rained down on Ellie, causing her to drop me. I fell backward onto the floor with a loud thud, blood streaming down my face from where I had struck the window. A knock came at the door and I knew that we had missed our opportunity to be saved. We were about to be killed and there was nothing to be done about it.



Chapter 30

The door was forced open by our suspected killer and I could not see them due to the blood in my eyes.
What the -- What are you doin here? said the voice. It sounded familiar.
Killer? I said.
Yeah, its me. I heard some glass break over here, decided to check it out. You break some with your head?
Indeed I did. What are you doing in this area?
I like to take my trash over here from time to time. Good dumpin grounds.
Well, thank you for coming to our rescue. Would you mind untying us?
Sure thing.
Killer untied the ropes around our feet and hands and Ellie embraced him, still crying.
Whos the broad? Killer asked me.
Ellie Bell. I said.
Bell? Like the miner politician?
Yes, you know of him?
I read papers every now and again. Hes also hirin us low-life thugs as he says when he thinks we aint listenin
Whats he hiring you for?
Some big minin job. He needs men for dangerous work, figures people like mell take it. Hes right.
Big mining job? What is the job exactly?
Dont know yet. Its expensive, though. Right by the coast its happenin. One of his partners has been waitin for an excuse to start up this job apparently.
Which coast?
You ask alotta questions, you know that?
Killer, please.
All right, all right. The one over by the bridge leadin out of Atlantia. A few more sites scattered around, too. I dont know what hes lookin for, I just know hes payin good wages.
Thats odd.
It is what it is. Now what do you say we get out of this trailer?
I nodded and looked at Ellie. She nodded timidly, her face covered in running make-up and her bright, red hair a mess. The three of us quietly exited the trailer through the door that Killer had broken in order to enter. He led us out the way he had come in, grabbing a trash bag on the way and tossing it into the back of a truck. We got in the truck and he drove us off the site.



Chapter 31

He brought us to Dawsleys mansion and left us at the driveway. We thanked him and thanked him and thanked him, causing him to finally just drive away to avoid being thanked any more. We hurried up the driveway and were surrounded by heavily armed men. They handcuffed us and led us toward a tent that had been set up on the grounds of the estate. We were forced to sit down and the leader of the men radioed in to someone else. After several minutes, Mr. Dawsley entered the tent and laughed. He instructed the men to free us and he brought us inside.
I am sorry about that. he said.
Its quite alright. I replied. Ellie looked at him apologetically. He smiled at her sadly.
Hello, my dear.
Forgive me for running off. I was a fool. she said.
I understand. Perhaps you would like to clean yourself up?
Yes, that would be nice.
She stood up and exited the room, heading for the nearest bathroom. Mr. Dawsley and I moved into the piano room and sat down in front of the fireplace which was burning. 
They broke my gate. he said. It is lodged open somehow.
Is there no way to fix it? I asked.
I have decided not to fix it. It will lure in some enemies who think they have found themselves fortunate in their discovery. My security will take over from there.
Do you think anyone would be foolish enough to enter through the gate?
I am not sure, but the option is there.
Okay.
Mr. Dawsley got up and fixed us a couple of drinks. He handed me mine and sat back down.
Mr. Dawsley, terrible things are afoot. I said.
I know that already, dear Truman. he said.
It goes beyond the sabotage of your gate.
How do you mean?
Ellie and I were kidnapped by Finlow. We think he may have been attempting to lure you to one of his sites with us as bait.
Did he hurt either of you? Your head seems as if it was bleeding.
It was, but I stopped the bleeding with a piece of a trash bag.
Where the devil did you find a piece of a trash bag?
From Killer. He saved us and we learned of some peculiar things from him.
What kind of peculiar things?
Finlow and Bell are beginning a massive mining mission in Atlantia. He says they will be drilling in different areas, one being right by the coast near this estate.
Mr. Dawsley took a drink and thought about what I had just said. Before he could respond, Ellie returned, looking more clean and composed than she had before. She sat down next to Mr. Dawsley and took his hand in hers. She looked at him with her intoxicating eyes and made him seem young again. He smiled at her happily and I decided to leave them alone in the room. 
I went up to my bedroom to think about what the mining operation could possibly signify. I would need more specific information, but did not know where I would gain it from. Kate crossed my mind, but I had thrown away her number and could not remember it, not that I thought she would have helped me anyhow. I heard the sounds of the piano on the floor below me and the song lulled me to sleep.



Chapter 32

The following morning, I awoke and descended the stairs into the foyer. I entered the dining room and found Dawsley scanning several newspapers.
Good morning. I said.
To you as well, Truman. he said, still scanning the paper he was holding.
What are you looking for?
Anything to give us more information about the mining job.
Have you found anything?
Im afraid not. It seems as if the media is not aware that it is even happening.
Perhaps we should tell them?
What would we tell them? There is no story as of yet.
Should we go to the police at the very least? We can press kidnapping charges against Finlow.
They would not hold and he would be free within the very hour they arrested him. No, it would simply amplify his motivation to strike.
Then what shall we do?
We wait, dear Truman, we wait.
Thats it?
Thats it.
And what of Ellie? Surely you would not keep her here?
For now I will. Things will escalate soon, I can feel it. When the time comes, I will ask you to bring her with you to your home. You mustnt stay in Atlantia when the war intensifies, it will be far too dangerous for the both of you.
We will not be safe in my home. It is a simple apartment building.
That is what makes it safe, Truman. It does not stand out and it will take them a very long time to find you.
Will they eventually find us?
I am not sure. It depends on the outcome of things, I suppose.
I nodded slowly. The information and gravity of the situation were a lot to take in. I could not blame Dawsley for causing this situation. It seemed that Finlow was using Ellie as an excuse to start the war he had been waiting for since childhood. If it was not because of her, it would be because of something else. I ate sparingly and realized that the driver had not come back to the mansion the previous night.
Where is the driver? I asked.
Whats that? said Dawsley, looking up from his paper.
The driver, did he ever return?
He did not bring you back last night?
No, Killer did.
Dawsley grew pale and stood up quickly, rushing out of the room. I followed him and found him dialing a number on the telephone. He held it to his ear for awhile, but did not speak.
He is not answering the car phone. said Dawsley gravely. He always answers the car phone.
Perhaps he is smoking outside of the car. I said in an attempt to reassure him.
No, something is wrong.
What are we to do?
We are to find out exactly what is going on and put an end to it. Do you still have Kates number?
I threw it away after finding out her true agenda.
That is a shame, she would have been a valuable asset if we could have brought her over to our side.
I am sorry.
Do not apologize for what you did out of the hurt from losing your love. We will simply find a different way to gather information.
We stood there thinking. Finally, a plan formed.
The mugger! I exclaimed.
What mugger? he asked.
The mugger! From the park! The one you gave all of that money to!
What of him? Shall we have him mug Finlow?
He is wealthy now because of that money. I saw him when I was going back to live in my apartment. He told me that he is forever in your debt.
I still do not see how we can use him to our advantage.
He is an investor in the mining industry. He speaks with Finlow.
You are thinking he might know where the drill sites are.
Exactly!
That is all good and well, Truman, but where will we find this man?
I frowned. I had forgotten that our encounter was a coincidental one in a random area. We had no address or idea as to where he lived, worked, ate, or relaxed. Dawsley stood up a little straighter and smiled.
Actually, wait here, Truman. he said as he ran away and up the stairs. I could hear him knocking loudly on one of the doors and then the sleepy voice of Ellie Bell answering. After a few moments, the two of them descended the stairs and came into the room.
Youre looking for Charlie. she said after yawning.
Do you know where we can find him? I asked.
Sure. He likes to drink over at that filthy bar. The Prime Meridian or something.
I know the place.
I am sure that you do.
With that sassy comment, she left the room for the dining room to have breakfast. Mr. Dawsley chuckled and slapped me on the shoulder.
She is grumpy in the mornings, forgive her. he said.
It is the least of my concerns at the moment. I said.
That is good.
Shall we head over to the bar?
Dear Truman, it is morning. Let us spend some time in the piano room. Perhaps while I play, an idea will form or something we have heard will become more clear. Music is always wonderful for the senses and the mind.
We entered the piano room and I sat on the couch while Mr. Dawsley took his seat at the piano. He played a lovely impromptu while we went over the situation in our heads. After he had played a few more songs, he walked over to a bookshelf and picked out a book on war, which was appropriate for the moment. He read quietly, studying each page.



Chapter 33

In the afternoon, we ate a quick lunch and called a cab. The driver brought us to the bar a short time later and we entered cautiously. The place was fairly empty, but we found Charlie sitting alone in the corner, nursing a beer.
Charlie, I said as we approached, how are you?
Oh, hey! he exclaimed. Please have a seat.
We sat down at his table and he signaled to the bartender to bring over a few beers.
Dear Charlie, you are looking well. said Dawsley with a smile.
It is all because of you! he said excitedly.
How do you mean? replied Dawsley, pretending not to know.
I have invested that money, well some of it, into the mining industry.
That is wonderful!
Isnt it? Theres a lot of money to be made drilling in Atlantia.
You drill here in Atlantia?
We are starting tomorrow morning in fact.
Ah, that is very interesting. I assume you will be disturbing the peace and quiet? asked Dawsley with a chuckle.
On the contrary! Were drilling just off shore, through the water, into the submerged sides of the island. My partners tell me that we are to bring in the most if we drill there.
The most what?
I do not actually know. Its not a scam though, honest!
I believe you.
Can you show us where you will be drilling on a map? I asked.
I actually have the plans with me. said Charlie, removing a map from his pocket. The convenience of this was fantastic.
Charlie showed us where the drilling would be done and when he asked why I wanted to know, I explained that I would be bringing my nieces and nephews to the shore the following day and wanted to know which spots to avoid. I did not have nieces and nephews, but Charlie did not need to know the truth. We thanked him, had a few drinks, and took another cab back to the mansion.
Inside, we went to sit in the piano room. We independently mulled over what our possible courses of action were. We did not know what they were drilling for, nor did we know the significance of the locations. We did not even know definitively if the drilling had anything to do with the war between Dawsley and Finlow. It was just too peculiar to leave out of the situation.
Oh dear. said Dawsley sitting up with a shocked look on his face. Theyre going to sink the island.



Chapter 34

This theory was absurd, yet I felt the same shock as Dawsley. We were not dealing with rational people, after all. Finlow wanted to end Dawsley once and for all by any means necessary and the loss of an entire state would cause the politicians to have to comfort the nation, thus giving them valuable media exposure in the event that they ever wanted to advance their careers. There were surely other ways to do that, but I was certain that if this was the plan, Finlow had somehow further convinced the congressman that this was the right course of action.
We have to tell someone! I shouted.
Who, Truman? Who would believe us? How many people even know that drilling is to take place tomorrow morning?
We can warn everyone!
No, we can not. We are too late.
This is not the Mr. Dawsley that I know. Where is your hope and determination? Did you not make a commitment to save the world? This may not be the world, but it is a piece of it!
Mr. Dawsley sat quietly for a moment, a hopeless look on his face. I left him in the room alone to think over what I had just said. I went outside and looked out over the grounds of the estate. I could see the armed security officers at their various hidden posts. The gate was still wide open and a few of the men were stationed close by to it.
The wind picked up and the sun began to set. There would be no time to convince everyone of the impending danger. Perhaps this was the end. As I stood there, the door behind me opened and Mr. Dawsley walked over to me, standing to my side and looking out over the estate with me.
Tomorrow morning, he said, I want you take Ellie across the bridge.
Are you sure? I asked. The slightest hint of a tear came into his eye.
We have no more time, dear Truman.
Is there nothing to do?
There is one thing left that I can think of.
I stared at him for a moment.
No. I said.
It is I who they want, Truman. If I go to them before they finish drilling, the island will be safe.
There has to be another way, there just has to be.
I am all ears.
I could not think of anything and a knot formed in my throat.
It will be okay. he said to me with a sad smile. Im saving the world, Truman.
Tears began to form in my eyes, but I fought them back. Mr. Dawsley patted me on the shoulder and turned around, heading back into the house.



Chapter 35

I did not sleep that night. I ran over every option I could that would spare Mr. Dawsley, as well as the island, but nothing was plausible in so little time. As I laid in my bed, there came a shuffling up to my door and then a knock. I opened the door and Sandra was standing there holding the phone out for me.
Tell you friends to call earlier. she said with an annoyed tone. I took the phone from her and put it to my ear.
Thurgood? said a womans voice.
Who is this? I asked.
Kate Maloney.
A bolt of misery, hope, love, anger, and confusion hit me and coursed throughout my body.
What do you want? I asked.
I want to know if you can forgive me? she asked.
I dont know. I answered after a few moments of thinking.
I screwed up. I didnt realize what they wanted to do. They told me that Mr. Dawsley was an evil man, that he wanted to take the mining industry and literally drill until the island sank. They said they needed me to find out everything I could about him. They emphasized his personal life. I had to do what I thought was right.
You didnt question the lunacy of that explanation or why they had chosen you?
I was a secretary in one of their buildings, I figured they thought they could trust me with something like this. They showed me plans, said they stole them off Dawsley. I didnt know. Im sorry.
I dont know if I can forgive you Kate, you really should have realized that something was not right about the entire situation.
There was silence for several moments.
I understand. she said finally. But one more thing. Im not an engineer, but I know a thing or two about physics. The drilling isnt going to be enough and they know it. Theyre going to have to trigger an explosion somewhere to actually sink the island.
Where?!
I dont know. Im doing what I can to evacuate people on the streets, but Im sounding like a raving lunatic.
Where are you?
At a pay phone on a corner, why?
Start calling cabs. When they get there, have the cabbies start picking people up and bringing them across the bridge. Tell them to do it all night.
Isnt that like kidnapping?
It is kidnapping. Look at the alternative.
Okay. What about the fares?
If they want to charge for this, then let them sink with the island.
Quite a statement.
You know what I mean. Deal with the cabbies who want to help.
Okay, okay, Ill handle it. Maybe Ill see you across the bridge some time.
Maybe.
Goodnight, Thurgood.
Goodnight, Kate.
We hung up and I raced over to Mr. Dawsleys door, pounding on it with my fist. The lock moved and the door opened.
Ah, Truman, what is the news? he asked.
It was Kate. Shes evacuating the island. I said.
How?
Shes having cabbies take as many people over the bridge as possible.
He smiled.
It is a nice attempt, to be sure. However, it changes nothing. As many as possible is still not all. Please, Truman, do not burden yourself with this. I am paying for what I have done.
You have done nothing, though! I yelled as tears began to flow down my face. All you have done is take care of everyone! Why should you be the one to pay for anything? It isnt fair, Mr. Dawsley!
Dear Truman, your words are kind and I am moved. he said, wiping a few tears from his own face. This is the way it is meant to be, however.
I wiped the tears from my cheeks and Dawsley embraced me. After he let go, he wiped more tears from his face.
I am thinking that you should take Ellie across the bridge now. I can hear the drilling in the distance outside my window. I must hurry if I am to stop them. My driver is safe and on his way with the limousine to take me to Finlow.
Goodbye, Mr. Dawsley.
Goodbye, Truman.
He closed his door and left me standing in the hall. I knocked on Ellies door and brought her outside, both of us leaving our possessions behind. A cab was waiting for us and we entered it.
Where is he? asked Ellie in a panic.
When she realized that he would be staying behind and that we would no longer have him or the shelter he had been providing, she became hysterical in an instant.
No! she screamed. No, no, no, no! We cant leave him here, theyll kill him! What will we do without him?!
I held her close to me to keep her from flailing about and trying to get out of the car to return to the mansion. As we came to the bridge, the sounds of the drilling had stopped and the sun had begun to come up. There was light traffic on the bridge, but it was moving for the most part. We had not yet reached it when a familiar face drove past us. It was Dawsleys driver in his limousine. The man was pale and looked as if he had been crying. Perhaps he had heard the news from Dawsley as to what was going to happen. I hoped he would gather Sandra, too, and keep her safe from whatever happened. I had tried to convince her to leave earlier, but she said she would never leave that house so long as it was standing.
We watched the driver head toward Dawsleys house and we continued toward our destination. The traffic was moving now and we began the long trek across the bridge. Before we made it half way across, an explosion ripped through the island, the starting point seemingly coming from the area where the Dawsley estate would have been. They had acted before Dawsley could give himself up instead. Ellie screamed in agony and I shouted at the cabbie to drive faster. The island began to sink and the bridge began to collapse quite quickly. The cables snapped behind us and the metal of the bridge moaned and shrieked as it twisted and pulled itself downward. In the rearview mirror I could see cars and cabs tumbling downward with parts of the road which had broken off into large, jagged pieces. We had almost made it across the screaming, metal monster when it gave out beneath the cab and sent us plunging into the ocean.



Chapter 36

People were screaming all around us when we made it up to the surface. We had kicked out one of the windows in time and swam up, the muffled cries audible from beneath the surface. The cabbie had not survived the plunge, but Ellie and I were luckily unharmed. We found a large suitcase floating nearby and managed to swim over to it. We held onto it together and began to kick and paddle toward the land with what strength we could muster.
The water was ice cold and dark below us. The already terrifying sensations were intensified by the others who had not made it across the bridge and who were now shrieking and screaming for help. Coast guard boats began to show up, as well as helicopters and they began saving as many people as they could.
We made it to the shore and laid on the sands, panting and crying. Police officers rushed over to us with blankets and quickly wrapped us up, pulling us further onto the land. An ambulance took Ellie and I told the police that I was fine and well enough to be on my own. They nodded and went back to saving others who were making their ways to the shore and crying out for help.
I found a wooden bench on the side of the road and laid down on it. I do not remember falling asleep, but I awoke, surprised and still on the bench. I looked out toward where Atlantia had once been, but the moonlight showed only sea, smoke, ruins, and the searchlights of helicopters and boats. Finlow and Bell had sunk the island and the best man I had ever known along with it.
I walked along a narrow sidewalk on a twisty, curved street that displayed a terrific view of the sea, until I came to civilization and hailed a passing cab. It took me back to my apartment and I entered it, falling asleep on my bed almost immediately from both shock and exhaustion. I awoke almost a full day later and did not eat. I drank just enough water to keep myself from passing out and I spent all day sitting in front of the television, watching the news coverage of the disaster that had befallen Atlantia. The media did not know what had happened and they spent all of their time reporting the casualties and the survivors that they could find. Of course, many names would not be listed in either category. I would learn some time later that some justice had been served, however. Samuel Finlow had apparently not made it away from the island in time. He had been found dead in a boat floating just off of Atlantia, his monocle embedded in his eye and his body crushed by pieces of debris that had flown off the island in the explosion. The way I saw it, he had wanted to see the explosion with his own eyes and paid the price for such an action.
Congressman Bell was giving an interview, talking about what a tragedy the entire thing had been. He was promising to find out what had happened and to make sure that nothing like it would ever occur again. I could not allow myself to continue watching and so I turned the television off in utter disgust.
For several months, I kept checking the records for Mr. Dawsleys name, but found no mention of him in either the survivor or deceased listings. I thought about him often and every time I gave money to the homeless or even when I did something as small as drink a bourbon. The sound of piano music brought out too many emotions in me and so I avoided it as much as I could. Every classical record I owned was sold and the money given to charity.
After awhile, I stopped checking the listings. They had not been added to in weeks and the searches had all been called off, other than those conducted privately by the families of the missing. I unfortunately could not afford the service of a private investigator to search for my friend. After a long time, I began to accept the reality of the situation.
A funeral was held for Mr. Dawsley a few weeks later. Among the people in attendance were Killer, Hopper, Tat, Sandra, and many others who had turned out to witness the funeral of such a wealthy celebrity. Sandra and the boys from the jail cell had all been rescued somehow during the sinking of the island and I was immensely thankful for it. I pulled Sandra off to the side afterward.
Sandra, it is so good to see you. I said as I hugged her.
Mr. Truman, it is good to see you. she replied.
It is a relief to see that you are all right.
I am very lucky. It is good to see you all right, too.
I am lucky as well.
She nodded and smiled quickly. I decided, finally, to ask her what I had been wondering.
Sandra, forgive me, but I have to know what happened when I left. I said. She nodded slowly and brought me over to a bench. We sat down and she began her story.
Mr. Dawsley was tuning his piano. she began, He said he was waiting for the driver to come and take him. I ask him if he want wine and he said no. He hugged me close and said thank you to me. I leave the room and see the driver on the computer screen. He drive up to the gate in tears. I ask him what is wrong through the intercom and he shout at me to run. All of a sudden he is crying and saying sorry. I turn to run and make it very far, but then fire explode all around me. I do not know how I lived, but I am thankful for it!
And Mr. Dawsley? I asked.
I did not see. I am afraid that he is gone.
She wiped some tears from her eyes with a handkerchief and I gave her another hug. We said goodbye sorrowfully and parted ways. 



Chapter 37

Months passed by and the tragedy became a political issue, as all major events, both good and bad, tend to become after enough time has expired. I had heard that Sandra had begun working for another upscale family and was quite happy. Rumor had it that she was also teaching piano to the children in her spare time. Ellie Bell moved down to Texas and married an elderly oil tycoon. When he passed, she became the wealthiest woman in Texas and never married again. Her father made a run for president some time later, but lost to a much more qualified candidate. His political career ended there and he retired into obscurity.
I began working at a local soup kitchen, helping to both prepare the food and distribute it to the less fortunate. I met a lot of good people who needed help in that soup kitchen. I did what I could, but I knew it would never be enough. An elderly man with a long grey beard that covered half of his face reminded me of Mr. Dawsley from the way he smiled, as if everything was going to be okay. His eyes glimmered with hope and the joys of simply being alive. I excused myself and went outside onto the sidewalk to calm myself before going back inside. It was then that I bumped into Kate Maloney.
Thurgood?! she exclaimed.
Kate? I replied.
You made it out! she said as she embraced me. She remembered our history suddenly and backed away embarrassed. Im so sorry!
I chuckled and pulled her back into a hug. We stood there, pressed together, for quite some time, neither of us loosening our grip. When we finally let go of each other, we just smiled at one another.
Dont be sorry. I said.
I still feel so ashamed of myself. she said.
Its fine. You did a good thing there at the end. I replied.
It wasnt enough.
It was as much as anyone could have done.
I dont know about that.
It was.
She nodded and we stared at each other quietly. I went to head back inside, but she grabbed me by the arm.
Wait. she said.
Yeah? I replied.
Have dinner with me?
Dont you mean drinks? I said with a chuckle.
No, no drinks. A real dinner. But, maybe with a little wine. she said with a smile.
Yeah, Id like that.
Great. So Ill call you later and well make a plan?
That sounds wonderful.
Okay. Bye, Thurgood.
Bye, Kate.
She walked away and I watched her as she went. She turned her head to look back and we smiled at each other. I went back into the soup kitchen and began serving more people. I saw the old man get up to leave and he looked at me with a smile again. I smiled back and he left.
That night, Kate and I did not have dinner. In fact, we never spoke to each other again. I would sometimes see a woman who looked like her, or hear someone speak with such a similar voice that I would spin around, only to find a stranger conversing with someone else. These moments would cause my stomach to fill with butterflies, but the revelations always killed them.
I had gotten a job as a reporter for a local paper much like the one I had worked at so long ago, thinking I could bring some journalistic integrity back into the media after what I had witnessed over the years. I still worked in the soup kitchen in my spare time and every now and then would see the elderly man sitting alone, eating his meal and smiling. I never inquired as to who the man was, where he came from, or what he was so happy about. The mystery of that man brought me a joy that ensured I would return again to the soup kitchen, even if I had been feeling like not showing up or quitting.
I would take time out of each week to visit Mr. Dawsleys grave, but as I became more busy with the goings on of the living, more and more time passed between my visits. On one particular occasion, I found that someone had planted one of those burning bush plants at his grave. I did not know where it came from, but I liked to fantasize about the possibilities. I admire it when I have time to visit, watching it sway and scatter its gorgeous, bright red petals throughout every season over the final resting place of the wonderful, fantastic, goodly Mr. Dawsley.



END

About the Author:

Michael Bergquist is a 20 year-old writer from New York. He has published a novella, Indigenous; a short story collection, The Beast and Other Tales; and a short story, The Dinner Party. The Enigmatic Mr. Dawsley is his first novel.

