
Ieloharis Island
Volume I: The Curse
By C.B.Colin 
Copyright 2011 C.B.Colin
Smashwords Edition
Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter I: The Mistake
Chapter II: A normal life
Chapter III: The Rain Festival
Chapter IV: Amiras Sister
Chapter V: The Pact 
Chapter VI: Pajamas Girls Night
Chapter VII: The Wish
Chapter VIII: The Moonstone
Chapter IX: The Nightmare
Chapter X: Blue Flames
Chapter XI: The Last Wish
Prologue
(Back to top)
Like author, I can say that this book saved me in some extend, from a difficult period. I had 16 years old when the idea of an imaginary world came into my mind. In a dream Ive seen a beautiful far away island, in the middle of a crystal blue sea, a very unique world. In the teenage period, when I was so low with my moral because of the real world which was around me, Ive decided to escape to my imaginary world. I started to create characters, to give them a purpose, a life, feelings. I started to create traditions, legends and myths, and as well to live a wanted life through my characters eyes. Over three years of creation, in which I was writing silently on blank piece of papers, I was lost, so many ideas came into my mind, that for me was impossible to write them down in just one book, that is why I created to parts of Ieloharis Island. 
The first volume, The Curse, in some way it is addressed to me, although of course it refers to the main character. At the beginning I named this novel, FORGET-ME-NOT, after the famous flower, which has an evil and important role in the books, my novel The Ieloharis Island, after the imaginary country and thanks to a good friend of mine for suggesting this idea. I just want to thank the persons which criticized my novel, with good intentions, the persons which gave me some other ideas to create this world, and in the wave of ideas, I managed to bring to life a story in which involves comedy, drama, suspense, even a little horror, and of course all of this genders are under the S.F. sign. 
Chapter I
The Mistake
(Back to top)
The stars started to shine more and more on the blue royal sky, because of the night that came smooth like a breeze of spring.
The moon has risen slowly; stabbing some stray and cream clouds, like they wanted to escape from the grip of night, which landed over the region. 
Two teenagers were lying down on the wet grass, caught in dreams and euphoria, listening to the choir of crickets which they were singing in all their glory. 
Amira, said the boy with an easy retention, turning his face to her. Do you love me?
She smiled, after that she gave her brown hair a push back, thinking intensely. She didnt answer directly, still smiling, looking ahead. Then, seeing that the boy was waiting for an answer, she turned to him.
Of course Lovin, why do you ask?
Because I want to hear it from you. I know you love me, but I want to hear how you say it, so melodious. He said, closing his eyes.
I love you.
Lovin did not react immediately. Amira thought that they reached a new level of their relationship. After that she leaned over him and kissed his lips very passionately, whispering to him.
I love you Lovin.
The boy smiled with all his mouth, the happiness started to take control of his body, and with a young impulse he stood up, braving inside. 
The night felt for good, the sky starting to be a dark blue color, but instead the night queen, moon, gain power by the minute she rose in the sky, and with her silvery and cold rays, petted everything around; the land, the hills, the trees and the two young faces who they were running home, holding hands.
Amira didnt have much more then 16 years old. Slender and beautiful like a forest doe, with her soft like cashmere skin, having her eyes easily almond and brown. Lovin, instead, was older with 2 years than his girlfriend, sturdy, with beautiful features and with his eyes greenish like emeralds, which melts so many young hearts. 
Lovin, lets just stop for a minute. I am tired. Amira said, gasping.
Of course love.
The two of them set at an old oak shadow, which it sparkled silver flashes because of the round full moon. The crickets song grow, singing tireless the nights melody, sometimes accompanied by an owl. 
The two were born and grew up on this island, named Ieloharis, like a forget land, which shelter mythologies and legends, and also colonies of flowers and this was one of the main business of the ieloharian people. Ieloharis was split in three small towns: Sunshine, where the two young live, Moonlight, OldStory, and the cities, Careville and Sareville.
Lets go Lovin. My parents will go crazy if they will see that I am late again. Amira said with fear, standing in her lovers arms.
Yes but Amira, if we will talk with them to let us freer, then maybe they will not say no. the boy said a little frustrated.
Amira was terrified at these words.
It is impossible! You know very well that my parents are very severe. They will not accept more than it is now, barely I convinced them to let me see you.
He pets her smoothly, whispering to her ear.
Dont worry.
But Amira was more then worried; watching scared at the full and shiny moon, with her beautiful doe eyes. Lovin started to kiss her ear slowly then he grabs her neck with his lips.
Lovin what are you doing? Stop it. she said with a tiny voice. But somewhere inside of her, she didnt want for her lover to stop loving her, so she lied down on the grass. The boy smiled and he lean over her softly shaking, while they were kissing.
Was very late in the night, and the two lovers were running again, entering in the center of Sunshine. A small, but beautiful arranged town, having a center crossed by three main paved streets, and at a meter was a lamp which throws ghostly lights over the old but beautiful houses. A church at the end of one of those three streets could be seen, even in the moon light, and after the street was a green dark forest.
Shame on you! an old lady was shouting to them, because they were making noise.
Good night Mrs. Pikes. Lovin said cheerfully, holding Amiras hand.
After the old lady lost their sight, she entered the house, grumbling something that only she knew, with her striped cat in her arms.
After they almost reached the edge of the forest, Lovin stopped Amira, turning his face to her.
Lovin, are you all right? Its something wrong? Amira said a little worried.
No sweetie, but look around and tell me where we are. he said, watching her with his greenish burning eyes.
The Pepromeno Crossroads. she said smiling, having a hunch why Lovin stopped her there.
Is the crossroads where the three streets, Elpifa, Eftychia and Oneiro, get together. You know the legend right?
Amira laughed, and her hunch got true, looking in the boys eyes, which they were happily sparkling.
Lovin, its just a story.
But what if the story is true? What can we lose?
Come on, be serious for a second. Do you really believe in it? When the full moon is on the night sky, the Pepromeno Crossroad will fulfill a desire for me its sounds phooey.
Just please. Do this for me.
The girl looked around, holding Lovins hands.
OK, I will do this only for you.
But try to believe in your wish.
I will try. said the girl, with half opened mouth.
Both of them closed their eyes, Amira still smiling being very skeptical. Instead Lovin was like floating with his eyes closed. In that moment, Amira was crossed by energy in all her body, like someone was shaking her and a torrent of images starts to flow in her mind. A beautiful girl with green eyes a huge house everywhere blood was shed a serial killer a cave with a blue flower.
Ah! Amira articulated, taking her hand off like Lovin was electricity. She looked scared to her boyfriend, who was worried about her reaction.
Love, whats happened?
I I dont know. I think Im going crazy.
I dont think that. Something was with you.
I dont know, trust me! Was like but its impossible.
Tell me. he said very serious, hugging her.
Well was like I had a vision or something like that.
Really? About what?
This is crazy Lovin, I think I just imagined a thing, thats all.
No, really, tell me!
The girl bitted her lips, after that she sighed. She turned around, watching the moon.
Its odd. Lets go home. I will tell you everything on the way.
Ok my sweet.
The two of them grab their hands and together they left the Pepromeno Crossroad, entering the forest. The paved road ended at the entrance, followed by a country dusty one. Didnt last long and the road exited the forest, entering in a huge glade, where were some vast houses. One of them was Amiras. 
Ive seen a girl, but not one that I know. A girl I dont know. I saw my aunts house in Moonlight a blue flower I cannot remember well. the girl said confused, walking slowly with the boy next to her, on the road which took a left turn, framed by the forest and the houses.
Well, I believe you. I believe in our legends.
Lovin. The islands myths are just simple, not real stories. My grandmother used to tell me the legends, even with that crossroad I even didnt have time to make a wish; I was suddenly electrocuted by something.
I really do not know a legend with this thing.
Whatever. I am going crazy.
Hey! he said stopping and turning her. You are not going crazy. I believe you. Everything its possible here. Its a place touched by God.
Amira wanted to say something about that perspective, but thought that was better to keep silence, and only smiled and to try to let that strange incident back in the past.
Steps growing and growing in intensity could be heard. Amira turned around and froze when she saw a bony woman with a horse like face, getting closer to them.
Its my mother. Amira said to Lovin.
The woman was so close to rage, having a furious expression on her cadaverous face.
Amira! What did I told you? At what time to be home? You know how concern I was? To not mention your father!
Good evening Mrs. Veriss. Lovin said polite, but the woman didnt trace that thing.
Evening was when you had to bring her home. Now its night for goodness sake! Come along Amira, until I will not forbid you to see this clown.
Amira kissed Lovin for good night, but Doloress Veriss took her away, grabbing her hand to split them. 
Good night sweetie! Lovin said.
Good night Lovin.
Shut up and walk. the woman said, walking stiffed and fast back to the house.
Mom, listen, I can walk by myself to the house without you pulling me like I am a dog in a chain. Amira said, wrenched from her mothers hand, walking faster than her.
Amira reached the yard, and to not stay and talk with her mother, she entered her house with the purpose to go straight into her room.
The Veriss family house was ancient but beautiful in its own architectural way.  It had a floor with attic, and this one was compose by the easy oblique roof, with clean windows, where the suns golden, warm rays went through, and the same with the moons silvery and gentle rays.  
The attic was split in two big rooms, and in one of them Amira was already changed for sleep. The girls room was large but very messy, her clothes were scattered everywhere, because the girl hurried up to not miss the date with Lovin, and planned to put them back in the dresser when she will return home. But the girls eyes couldnt last longer open. Amira combed her hair softly, watching the moon, which was sitting beautiful above the green dark forest.
She loved Lovin very much, and probably the boy returns her feeling back with the same intensity. But she was afraid. First of all, she was frighten by her parents which will not accept in neither way that their daughter to unite her destiny with her lover, for the reason that the boy doesnt come from a wealthy family with tradition like the priests boys or the teachers. Their inexistent plan was that their smart and beautiful daughter to marry someone rich, for the Veriss family to get higher on the social scale. 
She wanted to run with Lovin far away from the island, where no one and nothing could tear them apart, or to harm them in a possible way. But was late in night, and Amiras eyes couldnt resist much longer open, so therefore the girl went to her bed and overthrow the small objects from it, and some cloths, on the cold floor, falling with a soft thud. She climbed in her bed, getting comfortable, prepared to enter the dream land.
Lovin. she whispered and falls asleep.
*
The days were passing by the calendar, and Amira started to gain weight, especially in the middle. Her father, a massive man with a bushy gray mustache, sometimes laughs when he see her, saying that she started to look like grandfather Bartimuss, but Doloress was laughing false at her headbands dry jock, knowing very clear that her daughters belly grow because of other natural causes. 
The summer came along without a warning, putting her footprint on the island with a terrible heat, forcing the people to stay in their houses during the afternoons. Amira and Lovin were seeing each other very rare, since Lovin was hard working, not having much time for his girlfriend, and also Amira was busy too, taking care of the household, listening to her severe parents, feeling holding the bag
Today we are in 10 July 1989. The temperatures will grow higher this week, and the doctors recommends
Amira entered tired the gate, loaded with vegetables from the market. Doloress didnt raise her eyes to the girl, being busy with the potatoes, cleaning them on the porch, listening to the radio.
Mother, I didnt find carrots. Seems to be that everyone is looking for them.
Doesnt matter. This year didnt go well for them. Bring the vegetables in the kitchen, change and come back, we have work to do.
The girl nodded, feeling a little sick, entering the house. After a couple of minutes, Mr. Veriss came out from the house, wearing a straw hat on his massive head.
Listen to me; I will go to Mariss, to help him with his house. When I come back I want to see food on the table, do you understand woman? he said with a harsh voice, going in the yard, and after that on the street with a ducky walk way.
Amira came back to the porch, where her mother was boiling, ready to explode.
Where did father go? the girl asked, taking a potato to clean it.
TO HELL! Where else did he go? He went quickly to that drunk, Mariss, to fill his stomach.
Amira discreet smiled, cleaning the potato. Instead Doloress took her look from the potato, watching Amira very serious.
Amira, we have to talk something serious. Tell me girl, what was in your empty head?
E excuse me? Amira said, easy shocked by the womans reaction.
Dont play dumb with me! I want to ask you, since when?
Seemed to be that Doloress reached a subject which no longer can avoid it, and Amira was expecting that someday will end up at this, being already moral prepared.
Since when, what? she said with a small voice and her eyes down to the ground. 
I told you to not play dumb with me!
Since when I am pregnant? Thats what you want to know, mother? the girl said, raising her eyes towards her mom, who remained stoned, putting her hand to the mouth.
So its true.
Yes.
The woman rose up, putting a hand in her hair, and the other one on the hip, walking left to the right side.
God Good God Amira. I really do not know what was in your head and that boys This was the last thing we need now. Still, what month are you?
Amira leaned her eyes once more to her half cleaned potato.
Third.
The girls mother, ironically smiled, after that she said with her pointed finger up.
Shame on you. You slimy bitch! 
Amira stood up, being filled with the acid words thrown by her mother.
Do not dare to call me that way!
Doloress didnt have a second thought and she slapped her, making the girls head to go in the right direction.
How dare you talk to me like that? You became the towns slut. You embarrassed us! the woman said, and after that she entered the house, leaving her daughter to cry, holding the parental slapped mark on her face. 
She throws the knife with the potato away, exiting the yard and after that in the street, having a lightning idea.
Was a mistake made, and somehow she had to put a stop on it until its not too late. That was the last straw, and Amira couldnt handle it a bit longer. Was the time for some action. She entered the forest, and quickly exiting, going to another glade where was just a single house, and after that the country dusty road was straight ahead until the center. There she saw Lovin, chopping some woods on an oak stump. He and his mother were living in the middle of the forest, being a huge one with a lot of glades, where the people had houses. Lovins father was the Sunshines ranger, but unfortunately he died when his boy had only few years.
Lovin happily saw the girl, but he changed his expression face when he saw hers.
My love, are you all right? he said.
Amira looked at him glumly, and then she sighed closing her eyes.
Lovin, I have to talk to you.
Sure sweetie.
He closer, wanted to hug her, but she made a step back, putting her hand on his chest, stopping him.
Whats wrong? The boy asked frighten.
And then, without a second thought to choose careful her words or to avoid, she told him straight.
Lovin Im
You are? Lovin said worried and curious at the same time. 
Im pregnant, Lovin.
Amira didnt get surprised when she saw the boys face expression. He felt down on the grass, placing the hands on his face.
I I cannot believe thishe said with a heavy voice.
Amira kneeled near him, putting her hand on his shoulder, but he avoided it quick, like the girl just burned him.
Yes I know we didnt protect ourselves and
I cannot believe that it became true. he said scared, watching Amira.
Became true what? Oh no, dont tell me that she said shocked, getting up.
I wished this to happen. I never thought that will become true
Lovin! Are you insane? You wished for me to get pregnant?
Yes and I mean no. he said agitated, not understanding a bit of what is going on.
You planned this? You made love with me just to become a mother?
No. Love I wanted something that will unite us forever but no I cannot accept this.
Lovin was passing from an ugly mood to another, that Amira was confused and terrified. 
What do you mean you cant accept it? Lets run away, move together and
And what? He yelled at her.
What do you mean and what? Its your child!
Dont say that to me, please.
But its yours Lovin. It is your stupid wish!
Lovin grabbed his head, closing his eyes. He breathed fast, like he just ran some good miles. 
Amira, please leave. GO!
Excuse me?! she said, starting to cry.
I said go! Run! Get out of my life!
She cannot believe her own eyes. The boy who loved the most, to turn his back on her, to transform into a demon after a night. She cannot accept this thing, was just a bad dream.
I am going nowhere, until you will accept the truth!
GO!
He pulled the girl away, and Amira felt on the grass, crying. Shocked by his gesture, he turns away and runs, entering the forest.
Amira got up, her hair being full of small leafs from the forest nearby and grass, with red face and painful tears, she shake them off and then she turned around returning  silently at home, with her broken heart, which was made of pieces by the boy who she considered once an angel. 
*
He is a big coward. I really dont know what we will do Amira, honestly. Doloress said.
She and Amira were sitting on the little bench from outside of the house, under a cherry tree. Was night, and the moon was already present on sky, reminding Amira by that cursed night. She didnt say a word, being too shocked to react. She only blows her nose once in a while, sign that the tears didnt stop of flowing from her crystalline eyes, which expresses a dreadful pain.
Tomorrow, aunt Creselda will come by. I have to discuss with her. Maybe its better for you to move forever at her place; here you will have a very bad reputation. I already hear the women how they gossip you.
But mother Amira said with a husky voice.
No but! Its your mistake! Only like this I can help you.
In the courtyard, Mr. Veriss entered, swinging on two legs. After the girls father entered the house, and (at his wifes insistence) went to bed, Amira came out from behind the house, fearing that her father might have seen her. She sat back down on the bench, starting to cry again. Was full moon and a crazy idea came by so fast, that she got up very imposing and left the courtyard, taking the road down town to the center. The crickets, like usually, were singing their unstoppable song, and for Amira in that moment they were like a scratch on the blackboard for her ears. She walked pretty fast to the center, seeing the Pepromeno Crossroad.
Thats it! Destiny! she said furious.
She went to the cross of the three roads, and she putted herself on the knee, closing her eyes.
Please! If this legend really exist! Please take my pain away! I wish I wish
But even she didnt know what she wanted in that moment, crying.
Mother.
She stood up very fast, looking around scared, wanting to know the source of the echo and soft voice. She saw no one near.
No. I am not a mother! I cannot be!
She didnt stand much time at the crossroad, and returned with the same soul pain back home, but surprise.
She saw someone on her house fence, who really was struggling to stand up on his feet, but his body no longer listens to him.
Lovin. Amira said frighten, going to him.
A Amira! he shouted. 
Lovin, what are you doing here? Are you crazy? the girl said, whispering.
Amira I love you Amira please listen to me.
No Lovin. Im sorry, youre drunk. Go home!
The boy logged a true effort to stand on his feet, but finally managed to do so, looking straight into the girls painful eyes.
I hurt you I deserve to die. I want I want you. I want you to be my wife.
What? No Lovin. Its too late now. Your wish came true. I will have a baby. Who will grow without a father.
No No! he said, grabbing her hand.
Lovin let me go! Youre hurting me.
You dont understand what I want from you and this child.
Lovin. Go away!
DONT YOU UNDERSTAND?
Because he refused to let her go, Amira applied on his face a very burning palm, making him to fall on his knee. The girl quickly entered the courtyard, walking towards home, with a bigger pain in her bleeding soul then before.
AMIRA! Lovin started to yell so hard that he could wake the all island.
Whos there!? a rough voice could be heard, making Amira freezing.
The girls parents were on the porch, watching with not pleasant eyes at the guest who was making noise. 
MISTER VERISS I WILL BE A FATHER!
Good for you boy, now get out of my propriety before I will shoot you!
Amira was breathing accelerating in the same time with her mother, who was terrified. 
I wa I want to talk with your daughter!
Lets go dear inside! Doloress said, but instead her husband had other plans in his mind. 
What the hell you want from me, boy?
Your daughter will have a baby with me.
The news felt like a lightning above Mr. Veriss, who remained stoned. He started to shout like a mad man, making violent gestures in the air like he was beating someone imaginary, and without a warning he ran to Amira, with his hand raised.
RUN AMIRA! her mother shouted but was too late, because the girl was terrified, stoned, and her father was already clenched with his stumpy hand around the girls fragile neck.
YOU BITCH! I MADE YOU, I WILL KILL YOU!
The girl started to get dizzy, coughing, trying to escape from the death.
LEAVE HER ALONE YOU PIG! Doloress shouted, but in vain. Was like the man just loose his ability to hear, being too busy killing his daughter, which she tried desperately to escape, struggling like a chicken from the axe. 
 A horrible pain crushes the mans head, and he collapsed on the ground, in a ruby puddle, in the same time with Amira, who was coughing and drinking thirsty the air around, freshly escaped from the deaths hand. Then she looked up to see Doloress with a shovel in her hand, being horrified by what she has done. 
The girl got up easily, watching frighten her father, who was seating in that blood puddle, without a breath, like a useless stump, defeated by his own family. Doloress dropped the shovel, shaking uncontrollably, putting her hand to her mouth.
Mother you murdered him. Amira whispered.
N o No.
The woman ran into the house. Lovin was sleeping at the fence, still hoping.
Only then, the girl realized what was going on, and she ran outside of the yard, going for help. When she exit, accidently step on Lovins hand, and he just woke up suddenly. 
Run Lovin! LEAVE!
I love you. Im sorry.
He ran to his house in the forest, tripping on his crazy running way. Amira did not stand to watch him leave and ran to the center.
In a half hour, all Sunshine was in Veriss family courtyard. The police lifted the massive body of Mr. Gefred, while a neighbor was holding Amira to not collapse.
Where is your mother, Amira?
I dont know. I really dont
But then she made big eyes, running into the house, searching for her everywhere, but no sign of Doloress. The intuition was pushing Amira to search the backyard, and exactly this thing she did. She ran to the back of the house, and the horror came back to her. An inert body was swinging easily in the air, hold by a tree.
Amira screamed, gathering the people at the place where she was. Doloress Veriss hanged herself in pain and fear. 
The world around started to lose its contour, spinning and with a softly boom, Amira collapsed on the ground, and the world entered in the dark.
Everything came back. The world regained its contour. She was lying on a soft and big bed. The room was small but beautiful, having floral wallpaper. In the front of the bed was a door made of wood, probably of oak, very beautiful masterpiece, and in the left was a huge wardrobe, made of the same wood as the door.
The window was large opened, and the sea breeze waved the pink curtains. She wasnt at her house from what she saw around. She had a bandage around her head, feeling it heavy. She was dizzy, wanting to rise in the head bones. Then every memory came back to the poor girls tired mind.
Lovin, who came drunk at her fence, telling her his feeling and putting the hardest question ever. Her father who tried to kill her, but the death had mistaken the target, hitting him with the help from Doloress, who frighten by what she did, hanged herself.
Mother! Father!Amira shouted scared.
And then the door opened, and a curvy woman came inside the room.
Amira! There, there, calm down.
Aunt Creselda. Where am I? What happened?
 You are at my place in Moonlight, dear, relax. Your parents were buried now two days ago, God forgive them.
The womens brilliant blue eyes, flashed gentle the girl. 
What!? How long have I stood here?
Almost a week. Dont worry. You are safe, and fortunately your baby is too.
How do you know
My dear, trust me. Your belly it is a little too big and of course a doctor consulted you. You dont have to be an expert to figure out.
So it is ok?
Of course, a child is a blessing.
Dear aunt. Amira said. Do you believe in legends?
The legends come to life in the moment when you put your soul in.
I didnt believe in them. But because of them I am cursed.
Come on! Dont say that, everything will be fine. Anyway, did you thought at a name for your child?
Well, if the child will be a boy, I should name it Gefred, after my father. And if will be a girl
She thought intensely. But then she smiled, like someone just whispered the name at her ear, agreeing, watching the sea from the open window.
Angell.
What a divine name.
Chapter II 
A normal life
(Back to top)
The clock was showed eight in the morning. The birds were singing at the window, climbed on the blooming branches of spring. A dog from the Dalmatian type, entered slowly in an airy beautiful blue room, with all the stuff in it arranged, a laptop on a gray desk, and also a pile of books on the bedside, near the bed where someone was sleeping with the blanket over the head.  
The dog has seen the sleeping girls legs uncovered and started to lick them like was something delicious. The girl made sounds, disturbed by the dog, and started to push his nose with her foot. 
Dingo, go away the girl said with a sleeping voice, but the cute Dalmatian started again to lick her feet.
Dingo, no. she said once more to the canine, but the dog didnt stop annoying her, therefore he grabbed with his mouth the blanket and ran away from the room with it, discovering in bed a beautiful young girl, with long and easily at the end curly hair, brown light, with shades of blonde. The girl opened her green emeralds eyes, when she realized that the blanket was gone.
I will kill that dog. she said, turning around on her back, watching the ceiling.
She tried to remember the dream she had, but was in mist. She woke up, looking outside the window, where she could see the blue sea, which throws foam waves over the coast. Was a beautiful day of month May.
The girl rose up for good from the bed, and went to the bathroom, dragging her feet on the ground like she was skating on ice. The first thought at that hour was to take a fresh shower, before she will grab her books and go to classes. 
Therefore, the shower was turned on, and the girl jumped in, feeling it pleasant and refreshing.
After she went out from it, and she dried up with a towel, a lightning has struck her mind. An object was missing from her bathroom, namely, a white towel, with which she was always using it for her face. 
What the hell? the girl said, running outside the bathroom, being in her bathrobe, barefoot, getting in the long hall, then she runs down the stairs, letting wet footprints on the wood floor, going to the kitchen. 
Mom! she shouted, apparently upset.
She saw her from the small window of the kitchen. She was in the garden, grabbing weeds that were growing everywhere. The girl marched over the exit door. Dingo came along, and when he saw her, he started to wave his tale happily, like he was just about to take off flying. 
I will discuss with you later. the girl said threatening the dog, who remained at his place.
Mom!
Whats gotten into you? Stop shouting like youre crazy! the girls mother said, leaving the garden, throwing her skin gloves on the ground.
Mom, where is my face towel?
The white one? I put it in the washing machine before it would turn to a moping floor rag. the woman said ironically, but smiling. 
I told you to not mess around with my stuff. the girl said, acting upset.
And I also told you to put your clothes for washing, but
Ok, ok. We are quit now. she said, laughing, then she hugged her mother.
Very well, go and dress, then come down to eat and I will drive you to Careville.
Mom, I can drive myself until the college. Its a little embarrassing for your mother to drive you, dont you think? I have 20 years old; Im not longer a child.
The woman shortly laughed, sort of sarcastic.
Yes, yes. Nice. Mature. Ok then. I will let you drive alone, letting the policeman Sobber to caught you and then you to call me from the prison to pay your ticket for speed
Ok, Ive got the idea! I will drive slowly. She said, smiling, returning to the house.
And Angell? Amira called the girl, making her turn around.
Yeah?
I sent Dingo to your room.
I knew it. I could swear that you and the dog were conspiring against me. Angell joked, while she was going back inside, making Amira laugh.
Everything turned suddenly in Amiras life. She, once 16 years old, she was happily 37 years old and she didnt changed much in her physical aspect.
She still had the skin smooth like cashmere, her eyes softly almond and beautiful, and her black hair being long and easily curly. Some wrinkles put emphasis on women's skin, and a pair of half moon glasses were beautiful positioned at her eyes. 
The maturity knocked at her door faster than at other teenager. Angell was not anymore regret, a mistake made, her ex boyfriend wrong wish from the teenager years, but a blessing like the regrettable aunt Creselda said.
Aunt Creselda loved her niece and her child so much that she left them everything she had, and then she rose up peacefully in Heaven.
The MoonLight town was a bit different by others, just with few aspects, by its land formations and the fruit trees which it owned. Of course the forests didnt miss the landscape, richer in their trees, and was like a huge forest with lots of glades. 
Aunts house was one of the biggest and vastest in all towns, because Creselda Topkinss was married with a very important business man, Valdo Topkinss, Amiras uncle, died before his grieving wife, leaving her everything from love, and when the time came, she left as well everything to Amira with the same feeling.
This house had one big floor, on its side on the back of the house, was a long marble made balcony, supported by five ionic columns. A beautiful garden made a connection between the house and the little park. This garden had a fence made of stone, very beautiful worked. From the garden, it could reach the mentioned little park, only if it took the marble white stair. 
The little park was beautiful arranged, composed by so many plants, looking alike more with a botanic garden, and by tall trees which they were the one who was shading everything, hiding the plants from the heavy summer sun.
Lowering on the stairs, you would remain stoned when you would see the rebel gold sand which kisses the blue crystalline sea. 
The imposing Veriss family house, and here I meant only Amira and her daughter, was standing perched on a coast, and the road in front of it was smooth constructed, and after that, suddenly turns to left, entering the forest. 
The wonderful animals were not missing. They were the one who animated the yard, already colored by Angell, and the one of the two was the mention dog, Dingo and his play mate, Snowy, a white crazy cat. 
Angell was a straight A student in the Careville city, at psychology second year. This city, like Sareville, was cities in their real name, having skyscrapers, so many buildings and stores, malls and so on. Of course couldnt miss the primary schools, high schools, colleges and the pubs, locals, clubs, etc. 
For a rebel and crazy kind of girl, Angell was one of the most wised girl on her age. Thin, easy tall, she was Amiras reflection at her body shape, only few differences were separating Angell from her mother, and was more alike like her father, meaning her eyes were emerald green, beautiful and a different charming smile. 
Unfortunately, the girl didnt know the story about her father, and what really happened in that terrible night, her birth literally killed two persons and the third, this being her father, ran away. Sometimes Angell was pretty curious about why not having a father, and when she asked Amira about that, the woman starts to gets sorrow, saying that he died before she was born, in a car accident. Something tells Angell that her mother was lying. Creselda decided from the beginning, to be the grandmother for Angell to not miss a parental figure in her life, but after her death, the girl was starting to feel the absence of a parent, that was the father figure.
But she wasnt complaining about that, because she and Amira were the best friends ever. At the table, Amira was preparing the cutlery, throwing her eyes on the big clock in the kitchen. She observed that wasnt much time until Angell will be late for her last school year
Angell! What the hell are you doing? Get down for breakfast. 
No sign of her. Amira was softly smiling, presuming why her daughter doesnt get down to the kitchen. Therefore she arranged the table, pouring milk in two crystal glasses, and went hurry in the houses main hall, after that she climbed the wood stair to the next level, at the other long hall where her daughters room was and also her bathroom, and yes, she presumed correctly; Angell was preparing to intense, like usual. 
Angell, dear, you are not going to a wedding.
I know mother, but I cannot appear in the public looking randomly, right? I need to be presentable. The girl said, making her hair straight, using a hair plate.
Yes Angell, I understand, but at school you need to look like a student, not like a
Like a what? Like a prostitute? Angell laughed.
I didnt say that. But like a magpie.
Good one mom. No. After the school I will go with my gang at a pub, so
OK. But come down to eat, otherwise I will bring the table for you here, to eat sitting on the toilet.
Angell made a face at her mother, who rolled her eyes. The girl putted the hair plate down, and after she glanced some looks in the mirror, to make shore that everything was ok, she came down to the kitchen happy. 
Neither good she sat at the table, for that her cell phone started to ring a song.  
Angell, you know the rule, not at the table. Amira said.
Yeah I know, but its Serena. I have to answer her.
Fine, do as you like, I see that
But Angell kissed her mother on her cheek, making Amira smile to not get upset, and then she sat back at the table.
Hey Serena, say it quick, I am at the table.
Hey Angel, girl listen! You know who returned back to Ieloharis?
No, who? Angell frowned her eyebrows, drinking milk.
MARVELL MARVOLLIO! Serena screamed happily at the phone, making Angell spit the milk from her mouth. Of course that Amira didnt have a pleasant face.
WHAT? When, where? Huh? Youre joking. Angell said, starting to shake.
No girl, you know I dont joke about these things. Come to the center immediately, we will go to school, then we will come back to MoonLight, and maybe we will meet him!
God I dont believe it I dont know are are you sure?
Come on! Did I ever lie to you?
God OK Serena, see you in a half an hour.
OK bye.
Angell closed her phone, starting to dance at the table. 
Angell, have you lost your mind?
Mother, guess who returned from the continent?
I dont know, Santa Clause? Amira said, not interested.
No. Marvell!
Who?
What do you mean who? The most wanted guy from the island, whatever, from this town.
Oh no, this doesnt sound good. Amira said, sort of threatening.
This doesnt sound good, what? He is an old friend mother, and he is damn cute too.
Angell, I heard that this boy its a big womanizer. Why in the world you want someone who is messing around with you, then let you pregnant and but she stops, because the words were waking up painful memories. She putted the fork down, and then she smiled at her girl. 
Just be careful, ok?
Mom, are you all right? Angell asked, seeing she suddenly changed.
I have something for you. Amira said smiling, raising from the table, and left the kitchen.
After couple of moments, she returned back with a pair of keys in her hand.
Take my car; just too show off a little.
Mother! God, I love you. Angell said, hugging her then she took the keys and ran from the table, going to the big hall, then through the exit door.
Amira smiled; looking down at her half ate egg. She saw the girl again, how she came back to the table, taking a slice of bread with jam, running back.
Kiss you, bye! she shouted, exiting.
She went to the garage, going inside of it and saw the car that she wanted so bad to drive since her mother bought it. It was silver, modern, and perfect for showing off to someone.
Angell smiled happily and then she got inside the car, when she saw that her mother was calling her.
Yes mom? Angell answered the phone.
Ah Angell, I forgot to mention something. If I will see a single scratch on my car, you will sleep with Dingo in his little house.
Perfect. Angell said, hanging out.
She let the handbrake down, putted the key in the contact and she goes through the big gate, which opened by itself and closing after she left, automatically. She looked into the left and into the right, and then ran off with the car towards the center of MoonLight, where her friend Serena was waiting for her to arrive. 
She will kill me. Im so late. The girl said, stepping hard the acceleration pedal, but after a while she let it go, when she knew where the policeman Sobber was at his post. She really does not want to imagine spending the night in a cold cell, when she should spend it with Marvell.
When finally she arrived in the center, which wasnt much different than the center from Sunshine town, only a statue of the famous night goddess (Moonlight) was in the center of a big square, where more than one artisanal fountain were. 
Angell parked almost perfectly, getting off the car. To her, a tan skin girl approached, with black hair and cut elegant, short until the shoulders, like an Egyptian style. 
Can I slap you?
Hey Serena, sorry Ive been late, but mom
Wow. Serena said, looking at the convertible car. Your mother gave her car to you? What did you do for it? Clean the entire house?
No my dear, if you really want to know, she gave me the car special for Marvell, to show off a little bit.
Both of the girls started to laugh and a third girl approached them, one more thin and shy then them, having her hair sand blonde, long until de hips, like Angells. She had brown eyes like a child.
Lania, I told you to be here half an hour ago, to wait together for Angell to come. But seems to be that Serena started but Lania ended.
Just give me a break, will you Serena? I had a fight with my mom and
Again Lania? What was wrong this time? Angell asked, knowing the relationship between her friend and her mother.
Nothing, I really dont want to talk about this, ok?
Ok, lets just let the dramas go, and enjoy that Marvell came back on the island. Serena said, jumping happily with Angell, literately, making Lania amazed. 
Ma Marvell came back? Marvellio?
Yeah. Isnt this great? Angell said.
No. I mean. I never like that guy. Plus that story with
Ah Lania, dont start! said Serena sharp.
What story?Angell asked, being very curious.
Its just bullshit anyway.
You know what? I propose for us to go to the Sun-Ray bar, drink something and maybe tell me that story.
But Angell, today is the last day of school, I cannot skip. Said Lania scared.
I say you can, we all can. Said Serena, making Lania much scared then was before.
Lania, stop worrying. You are only in the first year of college. Its just a premier festivity and above all that we would see the graduate students how they get their diplomas and throw even their underwear in the air. Its better for us to do something else.
Oh really, like what? To talk about Marvell?
Yes. Said in choir Angell and Serena.
Do I have a choice? Lania asked.
No. said again in choir Angell and Serena.
Therefore Lania rolled her eyes, getting in the car with the girls. Angell putted some music, while she and Serena, who was seating right next to the driver, were singing and Lania sulked in the back of the car, upset that they will not got to the last day of school. 
The girls didnt drive much and they stopped in front of a bar named Sun Ray, near the church. 
The local was selected and wide. Everything was in yellow color, gold, white and orange, having a shining floor, in the chess board style, only that was made of white and yellow colors. At the windows were round tables, with tall chairs, where the people were eating or serving a coffee. The opposed of the tables, was the bar, long, with typical tall chairs. The waitresses (six in total) were seating and talking with the clients, while they were serving them, and others were paying attention at the conversations, while they were washing the dishes. 
After the girls took a seat at the bar, and they ordered three sodas, Angell turned her face to them, being very curious. 
So, spill it out. Whats the story?
Its a dumb story Angell, but I will tell you.
Hold on, Emell is calling me. Angell said, answering her cell phone. 
Hi Angell, where are you? The premier has just begun.
Hey Emell, we will no longer come. Something came by, and me and the girls we are home in MoonLight. If you want, you can come here later.
I dont know what to say, I and Mariuss were waiting for you, but if you no longer come, and then I will call you later and talk.
Ok Emell, kiss you. Bye.
What Emell wanted? Serena said.
He wanted Lania back in his life; he said that he misses her so damn much. Angell joked, making Serena laugh and Lania to get all red. 
Me and Emell we have nothing left in common, clear?
Aha, if you say so.
Ok, here is the story. Serena started. You know Villo, right?
The little boy who killed his mother, then killed himself?
Exactly, that Villo, so the story says something else. That not Villo, which had eight years old, killed his mom, he wouldnt possibly do that, but someone else.
Someone else, being who? said Angell, but somehow she presumed who might be that person.
Someone else being Serena hesitated. Marvell.
What?
Yes, that Marvell killed Villos mother, stealing everything from the house, and he sets up all, killing little Villo, to look like he committed suicide. Unfortunately is that in Marvels courtyard, the policemen found out the jewelries and Villos dead body.
 Serena, this is ridiculous, come on! This is rubbish.
And the people say that thats why Marvell left the island. He ran to the continent to not be caught.
I think its foolishness, I dont think so.
The three of them flinched when a waitress came by, listening to their conversation.
What did you heard? Angell asked, not being disturbed. 
That the murderer was actually Villos mothers lover, and she turned him down. So therefore he killed her, and then the next victim was the little boy, hiding his body in Marvollios courtyard.
How do you know that?
Well there is newspapers and rumors sweetheart.
And from where the criminal is? Angell asked, being curious.
Well some say that he lives here in MoonLight, others say that from OldStory. But he sure lives on the island. I for one do not believe this.
God, its like you are afraid to go out at night. Lania said, playing with the straw from her soda.
Dont worry honey. The criminal doesnt exist.
Why you say so? Angell asked.
Well the little boy killed himself in that courtyard. The obsessed man is just a story to scare kids to not go out in the night.
The girls exchanged significant glances and as well as confused.
Was like now two years ago. The waitress said, and then she went to a client to take his order.
After they paid the orders, the girls got out in the strong sun light, getting in Angells car.
So where are we going? Serena asked.
Angell smiled, putting a pair of sunglasses on her nose.
Where did Marvell hang out usually?
I think at the Pond.
The Pond it is.
 You are crazy. Serena laughed.
I know, right?
This idea didnt smile at Lania to see Marvell especially that she believed in every rumor and ghost story, being compelled to shut. At one point she exploded, couldnt hold for much longer inside the frustration.
I dont want to see that guy! She started to whine like a baby who was making whims at a sort of a food.
Lania, whats got into you?
The guy gives me creeps. I cannot see him. And above all that he is full of shit.
What? Angell got amazed by her behavior. Lania, you wait a minute, you dont know him, and I think I know what the big deal is. Its the think with that stupid story, right? You are afraid of him because you think that he is a murderer.
Its not that. Just I dont like him, thats all.
Angell smiled at Serena with understanding. 
Serena, you know what they say about a person who cannot stand another one?
No Angell, what they say? Serena started to act.
Well my dear friend, they say that actually its the opposite way, that you actually like that person.
What!? No! Never. Said Lania alarmed.
Yes you are so right Miss Angell. Its true.
No!
The girls started to laugh, making Lania to get upset even harder, crossing her arms.
Come on Lania, stop fooling around. If you want you can remain in the car and me and Serena will go and say hi to him. Angell said, making hi five with her friend from the right side.   How will you going to say hi? French kissing him? Lania said ironically. 
Hmm, we cannot both French kissing him, we will take turns. Angell laughed.
Lania didnt say a word after that. The Pond was actually a big natural park, in the middle of a small forest, with an oozy small lake in the middle, surrounded by weeping willows.
 Angell drove like a crazy person with her mothers silver car, like she didnt care about her warnings, but basically since when she cares about something?
She stopped and parked the car, next to a willow. 
Girl, look, its him! Serena said cheerfully, bunting Angell which was the same enthusiastic as her friend. 
Lets go, so Lania you will stay in the car? Angell asked Lania, hoping that maybe the blond girl changed her mind in the last moment.
Yeah, I will. The girl said short.
Ok. Come on Serena.
Lets go.
The two girls got out of the car, being very excited, and they were approaching a gang of three boys. One of them, who were the famous Marvell Marvollio, was seating on a bench. Tall, athletic type, dressed in black color and of pants having attached a silver chain, Marvell had blue eyes, black and short hair, raised easily up. On his fingers he has on some rings, and also a white gold bracelet on his right wrist. He was talking to the other guys, which were like disappearing from the Pounds landscape, compared with their friend Marvell.
Who are those? One of them asked Marvell, looking ugly at the girls.
Marvell took his eyes from him, and then he fixes them in the indicated direction, and remained impassible for a moment, after that he smiled with all his force, getting up on his feet.
Well, well, well, look what the wind brought here. Angell, Serena.
Angell tried so desperately to not blush, so therefore she hugged him with warm, then kissing his cheek. 
Oh my God, I cannot believe how beautiful you have become. The boy said, kissing Serena on her cheek.
Look whos talking. You grew so much. Angell said excited, holding Serenas hand.
What can I say; the life is good on the continent. He joked.
But how is on the continent? I heard that the life there its so different then here. I never left the island before. Serena said.
Yes is true. You cannot compare the life there with this one here, that is clear, but I returned back home for a while. Anyway, I will return back in October. 
You will not stay here for the holydays? Angell asked.
Trust me Angell that I really wish to remain here, but I work on the continent, my first year. He said proudly.
You have finished the college? Serena asked, like she was never hoping for him to finish it.
Yeah I did. Now I am my fathers fresh assistant. I have an attractive salary, and now Ive taking a little break.
Angell frowned her eyebrows still smiling, this time with her mouth closed, thinking at Marvells fathers company. The company was named Seven Days, a very odd name for a publicity company, having a huge success. 
And second of all, he continued, smiling to the girls. I had another reason to come back in MoonLight. And I mean the beautiful girls on the island, like you Angell and Serena.
He smiled warmly to the girls, who couldnt resist to not smiling back with the same feeling. Without a warning, Angell blushed, a thing observed only by Serena who tried to capture the boys attention, breaking that moment of silence.
Marvell I found out something interesting, about that murder story with the little boy Villo.
Bad choice of subject. The boys smile gone with a blink of an eye, and his eyes were burning hate against the rumors and the stupid bad gossips.
You really think Ive killed him?
For God sake Marvell, no, not at all, we were just saying, thats all. Angell said, sort of panicked by the sudden reversal of circumstances, trying somehow to delete the error made by Serena. But then she was relieved when Marvell smiled back.
Im glad; you were the last persons at which I was expected for you to believe this shit.
Hey, where is the other bitch? Werent you three? One of the boy intervened.
Be careful what youre saying, you asshole! Angell said easily agitated.
Yeah really Derek, take Adrian with you and go for a walk. Marvell said, making Derek and the other boy to leave them.
Sorry for him. Marvell said.
Dont worry. We now that he is your looser. Angell said, making him laugh.
And still, where is Lania? I remember you were three girls, plus those two boys...
We are still the full gang. Only that Lania its too shy and she is in the car, and Emell with Mariuss are at school. Angell said.
And you dont? Marvell smiled slick.
Ah, well we anyhow was the last day so
Should we go and bring her here? Serena asked with a hope for teasing Lania.
No. Leave her in her cell.
Marvell bended his head, looking at his shoes, then came back, like they never talk about Lania before.
By the way, are you coming tonight at a party, given in my honor? Marvell said.
Are you throwing it?  Angell asked suspiciously.
No, but Covell will.
The girls started to giggle, knowing that the boy named Covell wanted so bad to be one of Marvells close friends. But of course that Marvell didnt even think about to accept him.
When that kid will learn to not trust every single person? Serena asked amused by the situation.
I dont know, maybe until someone will hurt him. Marvell joked.
Yeah.
So, at eight you are there, right? Do you know where Covells house is?
Yes, we know.
Ok girls. Kiss you both and see you there. And take Lania with you, and you can also take the boys as well.
Super. See you. Bye Marvell.
Bye girls.
The girls went back to the car, holding arms, both of them with their smile until their ears. Lania was seating bored, supported by her elbow on the door, but then when she saw them happy, she crossed again her arms.
Angell got up at the wheel, starting the engine, and like a professional, she left the Pound, turning the car to the right, driving with the thought to get faster home.
I really dont understand why you didnt come with us. He doesnt bite, you know. He even asked for you.  Angell said at last, breaking the silence in the car.
The more so.
Hes throwing a party tonight, whatever, Covell will in his honor. You have to come, we are all invited, me, you, Serena and the boys. Angell continued to talk, not taking her eyes from the dusty road.
No. Lania answered short and to the point.
We will take you by force. Serena said.
She showed her tongue to the others, like she was a little child, obviously, not happy with the decision made.
But I dont understand why I have to come too?
Because you are our friend, and you cannot just let us down.
Aha, you are playing with the guild card.
Me? God, no, Im telling you what attribution you have, if you care of course.
Angell smiled to Serena, sort of slick way, because both of them were playing with words, making Lania to not take no for an answer. At the beginning Lania seemed to have a break down, because she didnt have a backup door to exit from that situation, but then she sulked, grumbling upset.
After they reached the main road, Angell increased the speed, with a thought to get faster home. She and Serena were singing a song from the radio station, and Lania was still seating upset in the back of the car.
Maybe because of a moment of inattention, something jumped on the car, sort of a red with white and blue thing, being smashed by the car with a deafening sound. Angell pushed the break paddle harder, yelling on the same time, turning the wheel so much that the car made a perfect circle on the road. For a moment, the girl stood stoned, standing with her forehead on the wheel, shaking and breathing jerky and didnt dare to move, but after the dust evaporated in the air, she got off like a lightning from the car, going directly to the front, being afraid that she will see only blood. She looked everywhere, with her white face, but no one nothing, in the middle of the road. She putted herself in the knee, looking below the car, and again she didnt discover a thing. She really didnt get it, was so real. She wondered if her mind was playing with her.
 Angell, are you all right? Serena asked, pretty worried, coming next to her, with her hand on her chest.
She didnt answer. After a while where she stood still, looking around, she was convinced by her scared friend so drive further. The girl didnt comment, but when she started to drive even a snail could pass them without a problem. The shock which she had didnt pass that easily, the proof being her hands that were softly shaking on the wheel, like the girls was suffering by some strong cold. Serena and Lania didnt ask a question. They were too confused to talk, like they were afraid that their friend will yell at them or pass out. Angell still didnt understand what exactly happened; it was so fast, and she didnt have the time to realize that situation. But did she really hit someone and the injured ran away? Or if it really was a vision, because her friends were saying strongly that they didnt see or heard nothing, only suddenly Angell screamed and turn the wheel. A red paper couldnt make such a strong noise.
After a while of meditation, she started to forget the strange incident, enjoying the rest of the trip with her friends. At a point, Angells phone starter to explode with messages, but the girl didnt bother to pick up the cell phone and see from who they were. Therefore Serena, tired of her rings, intervened.
Angell listen, are you not going to answer that? Whatever, to check the messages, because honestly, I cannot take it anymore, and I will take your phone and throw it on the window.
I cant. Im driving.
Since when you are worried about that?
Well
Angell wanted to say, since that strange incident, but she thought that was better to shut up.
I will see them for you. Serena said, taking the cell.
Eh, nothing important, its from Emell, he is at your place.
I told that bastard to not come at my place when Im not there.
Why? Lania asked curiously.
Because he tells my mom everything I do.
Like she doesnt know everything you do.
True, but I prefer to tell her myself. Angell said, and this time she hit the acceleration.
Didnt last long the trip, because the girls woke up in the front of Amiras and her irritated daughters house. Serena and Lania stood close to their friend, watching her with worry. Like always and never tired, Dingo came by, enjoying very bad their company, like his master just bought him tons of fresh meat. He was waving his tell, sweeping the leaves around, barking, jumping on the girls to lick them.
Dingo, seat, down boy! Angell said to the dog, while Serena and Lania were pet him with love.
The puppy listen to her, going and seating at a trees shadow and started to breath fast with his tongue out because of the Mays heat. 
Going inside the house, Angell wanted first to find out where her mother and Emell are, if they were seating and gossiping about her.
Mom!? Angell shouted crazy.
Amira appeared from her office, looking ugly at her daughter.
Angell, whats got into you?
Mother, where is Emell?
Emell? How should I know?
Well, isnt he here?
No. Amira said surprised.
What? He just texted me that he is Angell started to talk, but then she stopped, smiling.
Son of a bitch, I will show him.
What? The girls asked curious.
Lets go to my room, I will tell you there.
Therefore the girls ran on the stairs up, and Amira made the cross sign, going back to her office.
The main house hall was huge, with the floor brown and shiny; a beautiful chandelier with crystals, was giving the house a classic aspect. In the left, next to the wall, was stairs carpeted with red, which were going to the next floor. After the wall, down to the stairs, it could enter in the living room, always airy and illuminated. On the other side of the hall, in front with the enter door, was the kitchen. And the on the right side of the hall, was a bathroom and Amiras office.
Amira, with the help of her aunt, graduated with brio the architecture college from Sareville; therefore she became one of the most wanted and prestigious architecture from the island. Even if Doloress and Gefred Veriss, Amiras parents, had other plans for their daughter, she didnt give up that easily, and she had the courage to say to her aunt what she wanted to become in the future, what was her dream. Creselda didnt say no, or to laugh at her, on the contrary, she sent her niece to the college with the first buss. 
When Angell was born in 14 February 1990, on Valentines Day, aunt Creselda beg Amira to put the baby a second name, after the saint Valentine for luck, and turned out to be Angell Valentine Veriss. Unfortunately, the rebel with this name hated the second one of Valentine, and if someone near her pronounced it, she would react violent, like her middle name was a secret code.
The main stairs were driving to a long hall, where Angells room was. But lets start with the beginning. In the end of the long hallway was Angells personal bathroom. Her room, the beauty altar, how she called it, was next to the bathroom, and on the other part was the gym, and at last near it were four doors, two in front of the others. In one of them was Angells office, where she study for college, and the rest three of the rooms were for guests.
Angell ran into her room, making sure that everything was at its place and no one entered in.
So, lets find out how we will dress for tonight. Angell said automatically.
With cloths. Lania said sarcastic, taking a seat on the bed.
Yeah smarty pants, but what kind of cloths? Serena asked.
Angell rose her hand in the air, sign to shut, and went to the door. When she suddenly opened it, a boy just tripped and fell down to the girls feet.
Emell, my dear, since when youre listening to some girls conversation?
Emell smiled to the girl, saying hi.
My mother said that you werent here.
I just came by anyway.
Emell was a thin boy, with brown hair. Having hazel eyes and some little signs on his face, like a small scar and pubertys acnes, with long and softly aquiline nose and thin lips. He was wearing large clothes and this thing made him look even skinnier.
Please, do come in, and take a seat sir. Angell said ironically.
Thank you Lady Veriss. Everyone asked about you at school. Where are the crazy girls? Emell said.
Maybe they asked only about them, I am at other college. Lania said, like she was very proud that she wasnt at the same school as her friends.
Yeah, whatever. Lets talk about something more important, like with what we will dress tonight? Angell asked.
Emell laughed, making the girls looking with not good eyes at him.
Whats so funny? Please do tell, for us to laugh as well.
I see that I came in a bad moment
No Emell, you just came in the perfect moment. You will help us.
Do I look like a tailor to you?
Then young master, you are free to go. Angell said.
I just wanted to tell you that Mariuss wants to try again an experiment.
Again? Serena asked.
Yes. Are you in?
Emell, sweetie, last time when Mariuss tried to contact the spirits, was so close for all of us to burn in flames. Angell said.
Yeah, because of Lania who jumped like an idiot, hitting the candles. Serena said laughing.
Lania didnt take it well.
Look who is talking. At least shut up, the one who doesnt resist to not having at least one date by a night.
What do you mean by that? Serena got angry.
I mean that you cannot keep your underwear on you.
YOU BITCH! YOU REALLY WANT TO DIE BY MY HAND?
What the hell got into you? Angell said, but she was speaking to the walls, because Serena had her face red, ready for a verbal attack.
At least I have part of, not like you, Virgin Mary! She said sharp.
Better virgin then a slut like you! Lania shouted back.
Didnt take too much time, and Serenas hand was already in Lanias blond hair, making her to kneel. Emell tried to break them up, but in vain, Serena pushed him away. Angell, used with this kind of fights between them, grabbed Serenas hair, making her releasing Lania, and after that Angell slapped them both.
You are both stupid! I swear to God girls, that if I will ever see you again fighting, I will break up our friendship and I will personal kick your ass. Angell said red-faced.
Emell was scared, so therefore he tried to escape, reaching the door.
Where you think youre going? Angell said behind him.
Well you said He started saying scared.
No. Get back and help us with the clothing. Tonight we all go to Marvells party, and call Mariuss.
Emell didnt say a word.
Therefore the girls calm themselves, and Serena with Lania didnt talk to each other, answering only to Angell.
At eight oclock in the evening, the gang was ready to go at Marvells party, or whatever, at a party in Marvells honor. Angell was very attractive in that night, with a short and white skirt, a light blue jacket on top and her hair straight and long until her hips, and on the head she had a purple hat. With the others, they exit the house very cheerfully, making Amira wonder if they didnt taste alcohol before they hit the road. Mariuss was waiting them at a black car. An average tall boy, with black hair, Mariuss stood relax being very amazed by his friends happiness on their faces. 
Hey, whats up with you? He asked confused.
Nothing, we are just happy thats all, party hardcore, we have even a reason for that.
Like what? You lost your virginity? Mariuss laughed.
Ha ha, no you smart ass. Serena said.
Ok virgin girls dont get frustrated, I was just joking. Come in the car, tonight you will drink and I will drive, the destiny its so good with me. Said Mariuss ironic, getting in the car on the wheel, and next to him Emell got in.
Dude, you smell like a chick. Mariuss laughed.
No you moron, he smells like men perfume. Now stop with your stupid jokes and lets go, we will be late because of you. Said Angell, making Mariuss to swallow his bad jokes and to drive towards Covells house, which was beyond the center. In the back of the car Angell was talking with Serena about Marvell and Lania was very close to fall asleep on how bored she was. Mariuss was driving calm and Emell was watching Lania from the rearview mirror. 
So Lania I heard that you will get laid tonight with a guy. Said Mariuss, making Lania to get all red being ashamed and Emell the same but furious.
Bro, easy with the mouth. Emell warned him.
Really Mariuss, did you drink something before you become so idiot? What is with these jokes? Angell said angry.
OK bro, the man cannot tell a joke because of you. With you I should talk only serious. Mariuss said, turning left to the center.
No but you have to control your mouth. Serena said, and then she goes on. Of course if you still want to have friends.
Angell smiled very pleased by the acid line which Serena cast over the driver, who stopped smiling being a little shocked by that affirmation. Lania smiled to Serena, and Emell winks.
After a couple of minutes from that conversation, Mariuss stopped the car so suddenly, intentionally of course, that the girls from the back to hit their heads, and they exactly this thing did, heating their heads between them, cursing. They stopped at a big house, where a small skinny boy, dress inappropriate for his constitution, meaning that he was dressed like someone blind choose his cloths, was seating at the gate having his blond hair tight braids and freckles on his child and white face.
Hey, hey, did you came to party hard? Covell said with a pinch voice, when he saw Angell and her gang.
No, we just came by to see if your pipes from the house are made of copper or not. Mariuss said sarcastic, making the others laugh and Covell almost crying, making way for them to enter the back yard.
They went on a paved alley, directed by the noisy music from behind the house. After the past half of the way, Marvell came by.
Hey gang, glad you made it.
He shook the boys hands, and then kissed Angells cheeks, taking her hand and the girl made a pivot guided by Marvell which he studied her from up and down.
Wow Angell, you look electrifying.
Angell smiled softly at the electrifying word, but didnt last long and the girl smiled with her all mouth.
Yeah! Angell electrocutes all, right Angell? Said Mariuss, being nudged by the girl.
And you Serena, you look awesome. I like the fact that you girls have taste. But wheres Lania, didnt she came with you?
Angells shining smile perished with a blink of an eye from the girls face with the purple hat, turning terrified around.
Oh no, I will kill her, I will smash her face. She is seating again in the car? She asked the others, but found out the answer quickly.
Lania came along behind them, ransacking in her green purse.
Where have you been? Angell took her hard, making the girl stoned by her reaction.
I was searching my cell in the car, but after all I found it in my purse. Whats wrong with you?
Before Angell opened her mouth, Marvell came between them smiling; taking Lania over her shoulders and fortunately the boy didnt saw that the blond girl was very red-faced.
Good then, now that everybody is here, lets go to the back, at the pool.
The music was very noisy, perfect for a party like that. Angell and her friends took a seat at a wood round table, escorted by Mariuss (who was wearing easily tight black pants and a chain attached to them and a white shirt on top).
In that night, the weather was cloudy and chilly, and the yard was moaning of young party people. Marvell left the table, coming back with a carafe full of white wine.
Wow, we will drink wine, we are so lucky. Said Mariuss sarcastic and was shoved by Serena.
Well I have flower made whiskey if you want, specific for this island.
No thanks, its too hard to drink it, the wine is good. Mariss said.
No its not good for you. You are not allowed to drink alcohol. Angell jumped fast with her mouth, taking the boys glass, before he could taste at least a drop of wine.
Come on, let the man drink. Its a party. Marvell said.
And who will drive us back home?
Covell. Marvell laughed.
What do you mean Covell? Serena got surprised.
Well he doesnt drink alcohol, driving, and his job is to drive everybody home.
Are you serious? Angell asked.
Yes. He offered to do that, I didnt put him.
Perfect. Mariuss said, taking the glass back and trying to drink, but for the second time Angell took it back.
My love was killed by Angells cruel heart, thank you God. Said Mariuss sarcastic.
Angell didnt pay him attention, turning to Marvell who was seating right next to Emell.
No.
Why not Angell? Instead of having all of you fun because the deal is done
Angell, Marvell is right. We are all here, and we didnt party for ages. Serena strengthened.
See? Said Mariuss with hope.
Angell sighed, giving Mariuss back his glass of wine.
Ok, fine.
God, I love you. Mariuss laugh in the amusement of others and took a big drink from it, grimacing. Wow, its so damn good.
Angell took her glass too, tasting, and like Mariuss she started to grimace.
Its good? Marvell asked.
Well sort off, do you have sugar? Angell laughed.
No, I am sure that you can sweeten it with your lips.
Angell smiled in the glass, drinking. Mariuss was drinking more than usual, reaching the second glass of wine. Emell was talking to Lania, and she was pushing her hair back. Serena was teasing Mariuss, and Mariuss was answering ironically.
I like your friends, you choose them well. Said Marvell to Angell, who was smiling, looking around.
At the other side of the yard, next to the house, was a long wood table, loaded with drinks and snacks. At some distance from the table, boxes like they were black wardrobes.
At one point, Angell frowned her eyebrows and on the girls face you could easily read sickness. She saw no other then Vanilla, her number one enemy. Vanilla, a very rich girl, was always jealous of Angell, because she got all the attention Vanilla wanted so bad, and tried all the time to humiliate the girl with purple hat, but Angell took care for the wheel to turn around in Vanillas direction. Angell didnt stand her and she always wanted to pay her bad.
After she saw her, she woke up back into her gang, seeing that everyone was amused by something.
Whats going on?
Emell wants to take Lania to dance, but she doesnt want too. Marvell said.
Lania, my dear virgin, I will show you how to do it. Serena said, getting up from the table. She went into the yard taking Derek, starting to move in the rhythm of club.
And Angell how is your mother? Marvell asked Angell.
Shes good, home. Busy with buildings. Angell said laughing.
I forgot that your mother is an architect.
Yes. What about yours?
Mines remain on the continent. With business, my mother is sick and I think my dad will be soon.
Oh my God, I am so sorry to hear that, means that they will never return on the island.
No, I will go back anyway, so
When you will go? Angell said with a path of regret in her voice.
September, October. Marvell said, like he was regretting as well.
And where do you like the most to live? Angell said, taking off her purple hat, putting it on the table.
Where do you think? Of course on the island, but this is it. My work and life are on the continent.
Angell sighed, drinking wine from the glass, watching Serena and Derek how they were dancing lascivious, making Lania frustrated and angry.
Come on Emell; lets show her how it means to dance.
For everybodys surprise, Lania took Emells hand, going together on the dance floor.
This is what I call strong minded woman. Who knows what secrets Lania hides. Mariuss joked, drinking the wine, and softly swinging, he stood up. Its time to find me a passionate dancer. He said, abandoned the table, and Angell with Marvell were left alone.
Did the wine got sweeter? Marvell joked, making Angell laugh.
Its sourer than it was before.
Can I taste it? He said.
Be my guest.
Marvell tasted from the wine then said.
Wow, its pure honey.
Angell laughed, pushing her hair back.
And Angell, what you and your gang are studying?
Well, me, Serena, Mariuss and Emell are studying psychology as for Lania, she is with history.
Hmm, interesting, from there you know the boys?
Yes. Emell comes from Sunshine and Mariuss from OldStory.
Interesting combination anyway, but you guys make a great group.
Yeah, its true. Said Angell watching them how they were dancing each other with their partners.
At one moment, Angell cell phone started to ring and vibrate.
Sorry, I have to answer. The girl said seeing an unknown number.
Sure. Marvell said, making way for her to pass.
She went slowly after that, she left the backyard, wanting to answer the phone far away from the party and the noise.
Hello, whos there?
No one answered; instead she could hear a weird whizzing, which made her hair stand on end.
The voice, who spoke in the next seconds, was nothing besides that strange whizzing. It was like it came from the graves, with echo, which made the girl jump in the air of fearing.
No! Please careful!
What? Who is this?
Dont go the flower no, forget me not!
Angell remained stoned, with her eyes fixed on the hedgerow near her. She started to shake of fearing, closing the phone; she took some deep breaths, trying to calm down, taking everything into account of a bad joke, which was more than sure that could be the master piece of Mariuss. She turned and looking around to see the guilty. Mariuss was too busy dancing with a girl to call. Marvell was talking to some friends of his, Lania was electrifying with Emell, and Serena was kissing Derek. She was asking herself what was exactly with that mysterious call, but was better for her to forget that incident and to enjoy the rest of the party, but after she started to go back to her table, she ran into the most antipathetically person alive; Vanilla, followed by her gang of glory, Safia and Petrilla.
Well, well, well, look what the crow just doped from her nest. I knew I smelled something rotten. Vanilla said, with a hate in her small and black eyes, causing her friends a hysterical laughter. 
Angell smiled evil, thinking that wasnt a good time to knock her down, but this decision was putted to a very difficult test, strengthened by the blond monkey from her face.
Vanilla, Im so glad to see you. I see that youre wearing the same wig like last time when we spoken.
Im sorry little angel, but my hair its pure gold beside that straw of yours. Even the cows wouldnt eat that. She said, and again a wave of false laughing from the other two girls.
Well, given the fact that I have one in my face, why to let it ate by you?
Vanilla looked uglier then before at her, then she smiled pretty cold.
But why are you so alone? Where is your loyal little friends?
We are behind you, you stupid cow. Serenas voice could be heard.
She and Lania were behind Vanilla and her two bimbos. Angell crossed her hand, smiling ironically to Vanilla.
What can I say? Big deal that you losers shown up.
Safia, excuse me girl, a peasant from a farm just called and he said that he wants your hair back for his pigs, before he will sue you. Said Lania happy, maybe too happy, and referring to the red hair which Safia had. She wanted to open her mouth to say something, but was stopped by Vanilla.
Well at least she has a cool and rich hair.
Yeah, but too bad the brain its full of air. Said Angell.
Be careful what you say Veriss, or you might want to see what my fist can do.
Ouch, I feel threatened. Said Angell with sarcasm.
Vanilla grimaced.
Come on girls, lets go, we are losing our time with this witches." Vanilla said, making sign to Safia and Petrilla, to follow her. When they walked past Serena and Lania, Safia was careful to step on Lanias foot, making her to yell full of anger.
I will destroy her! Lania said angry, being stopped by the other two.
Lania snap out of it! Its no use for us to go down to their level. Angell said looking at the pool where Marvell and Derek was discussing something with another boy. Vanilla came quickly to Marvell, whispering something to his ear, making Angell to boil inside.
On the second thought, lets get down. Lets use the Wet Water Rule.
Wet Water Rule activated. Serena and Lania said in the same time.
All three of them took momentum then they started to run with their hands stretched. They stopped at time at the edge of the pool, pushing spectacularly Vanilla and the other two girls in the water.
Nooo! Vanilla screamed, floating near her some hair extensions.
The Mission Wet Water fulfill. Angell said laughing, with the rest of the backyard.
The party was over, and everyone went back to their homes, driven by Covell. The backyard was upside down, meaning that papers, plastic cups were everywhere scattered, a shoe there, a t-shirt on a table, anyway was a total disaster. The last remained were Angell and her gang. Lania and Emell were seating at a distance, because the girl was sick, vomiting, and Emell grabbed her head and hair. Angell was walking with Marvell holding hands, taking another paper from the ground.
Dont bother about that. Marvell said.
Yeah, Covell will do it or what?
Of course, its his house.
Angell laughed shortly; even thou this think seemed to her unfair for him. Covell came by the gate, all sweat.
Done Marvell.
Good, now drive the rest home but where? Marvell asked then Angell.
At my place. They will sleep at my house.
You know where Angells house is, right? Marvell asked Covell, and the last one approved.
Cool, drive Mariuss, Serena, Emell and Lania at Angels home.
But I dont have a seat in the car? said Angell amazed.
I will drive you personally home. Said Marvell smiling.
Well, I dont think that its such a good idea.
Of course it is! Serena said, passing near her and Marvell, holding Mariuss hand, laughing. She pushed softly Angell, in her passing, in such way that the girl woke up in Marvells arms. Emell was carrying Lania easily.
Everything will be ok. Come
Covell open the doors, and Lania thrown up once more before entering the car, after that they start the car and gone.
Ok, now lets drive you home.
Why you wanted especially to
Are you seriously asking that question? Marvell said.
Angell smiled to him, being taking of her hand and he led her to his expensive black car. The boy opened the door, and the girl took a seat next to the driver.
Was very late at night, and at that hour only he wind had the courage to make a little noise, blowing softly, pleasant, kissing the leaves. The clouds crowded on the night sky, sifting a smooth rain but not enough for the burnt harvest.
Only two younger were awake and actives; Angell and Mariuss were swallowing each other. The daring boy putted his hand on Angells bottom, but she jumped like she was burn at the touch under her skirt, and the boy took it back quickly.
Marvell. She said whispering.
Im sorry, I really didnt mean too. He said embarrassed.
Its ok. Then Angell smiled looking at the time from her cell phone. Oh shit, my mom will kill me! Its three in the morning. Can we please go?
Sure. Marvell said, little disappointed, starting the engine
Im sorry Marvell, I really like you only maybe its better for us to stay friends.
I really like you too Angell, you are very special girl and beautiful. Ive always liked you. I really want more with you, honestly.
Me not, I mean the girl said quickly, seeing the boys expression. I mean that you will return back to the continent. What use to start something, only for me to die because of missing you?
Why you are not coming with me on the continent?
What? I cannot abandon my life here on the island that easy. I still have school to do, and I cant leave my mother alone. And some other stuff.
Marvell didnt say a word, thinking intensely, making Angell feeling uncomfortable. Near the house, he stopped the car, and when Angell loose the safety belt and wanted to get our, Marvell stopped her.
Angell I say to let the feelings unfold. What do you say?
Angell looked at him, and the boys smile made her forget thoughts about the future.
Agree then.
Then she lends over him, and kissed his cheek.
Good night Marvell.
Good night beautiful. He said, and then started the engine, turning the car. Angell smiled, turning around happy, going towards the house. 
Chapter III 
The Rain Festival
(Back to top)
The month of August came by quickly on the calendars, and the weather didnt change considerably in its behavior.
Angell didnt have another concern then to rehearsal her speech and of course her song which will sing, for the islands festival who was knocking at the door. Maybe she wanted to demonstrate to everyone that she can achieve what she was proposing to do, she wasnt giving away from her path, at what she wanted to achieve, being very ambitious. Sometimes, because of the pressures, Angell was downloading all her anger on her two best friends, Serena and Lania, but then she was regretting, apologizing, begin very honest (every one makes mistakes).
Angell was the head of their small gang of Ravings how Amira used to call them. Every time when a subject of discussion was open, the girl was the one who had the last word, without being contradicted (she didnt stand this thing). The second one from the gang was Serena, which had an authority character, volcanic even if someone was stepping on her nerves. The faith made Serena the one which was calming down Angell, when the last one was all fire and thunder. The youngest one from the Ravings, was little Lania how Mariuss used to call her, making her all the time sulking, having a very sensitive temper and quite picky. Mariuss was the gangs joker always with his smile on his lips, and always a helper. He all the time was finding reasons to cheer everyone up if they were sheepish. Emell, and the last, was like Lania, softly shy but very quiet and mysterious. Sometimes he wasnt make a single sound when it was talking about a thing, proffering to shush. Was in love with Lania very much, even if the girl in case was refusing to believe so. The five of them were forming a single person. Rebel and intelligent like Angell, choleric and temperamental like Serena, shy and beautiful like Lania, mysterious and secretly like Emell, and funny, full of life like Mariuss.
As a tradition, The Rain Festival was organizing from forefathers, at the beginning of the August, to call the holly rain to come. In every year, The Rain Festival was demanding a virgin girl to ask the Mother Nature for the rain. Every single year, the festival was held in different locations and cities, being very popular, you can say that it was equal with the Easter and Christmas Holidays. 
In that year, the Moonlight town was preparing to organize this event second time, and to welcome the foreigners from the other locations in the island, or even from the continent. The people already were installing camps with a lot of small stuff, to sell them. From stuffed animals until lucky charms, books, food, and so many bargains to attract the tourists. The people were already coming to the town, more and more curious and excited about this event, with cars, boats, even ships, landing in the local sea port. The pensions from the town were full of tourists, and the employers were more than happy, rubbing their hands. 
Angell didnt lose her chance to talk with Marvell, which from that party evening, was coming by, very often. Amira was secretly smiling, at the thought that Marvell boy was in love with her smart daughter. Also Angell, Marvell and her ravings, were going to the Careville and Sareville, in almost all the weekends, in the north of the island. 
The day of 10 August came by without a warning at the Moonlighters doors, bringing with her a strong sun and a crystalline sky without a cloud patch on it. The heat wave was terrible and too hard to berry it, forcing the locals to shelter in their houses, to coolness, and only in the evening time they were going on the beach, splashing around in the blue sea.
In that morning, Angell was very nervous and worried, not knowing how everything will going to be, and only the thought that everybody from the island was there and will look at her, made Angell to lose her food appetite, a thing which Amira hated the most, reproving her.
Angell, you didnt even touch the chicken legs. What the hell is with you? Are you in love?
Angell looked at her mother scared, like she told her that she had to sacrifice herself for the festival.
No! she shouted and got up suddenly from the table, running to her room.
Her cell phone was exploding with encouraging messages, or worried from her friends, because the girl didnt answer them. She was terrified, not knowing how to react at that stressful situation. Even if she was very used to be in the middle of attention everywhere she went, this time she wanted to be invisible. If she had luck, and the incantation will work, the rain will endure and will bless the peoples half burn harvest. If not, like the tradition say, the Rains Daughter will have all year bad luck.
For the young people and some of the old ones, the festival was an occasion for having fun. Amira left the house in the morning hours, dealing with the event organization, being the mother of the Rains Daughter.
At two oclock in the afternoon, Angell was lying on the bed, listening to music in her headphones and she heard a strong horn, so strong that she stood up fast, running to the window. She smiled happily discovering who came at the gate with the car; was no one then Marvell. Angell thrown her headphones on the bed, and ran barefoot outside of her room, heading down on the main stairs, then she exit in the summer heat, to Marvell, which entered the courtyard. Dingo, the dog, was enjoying very much, in unison with Angell, waving energy his tale like he was so close to fly with it.
Angell, hey. I came by to wish you good luck for tonight. He said charming.
Thank you. Trust me that I really hope to have! Can you imagine if I will make fool of myself? The entire island will know me then.
Marvell shortly laughed, hugging her.
Dont worry, you will not. How I know you you will become famous for this.
Angell closed her eyes smiling. She really needed a good word and a warm hug, gave it by a boy like Marvell. He pulled himself back, still smiling. Marvell looked directly in the girls eyes and she directed her eyes too look somewhere else, like fearing that she would be lost in his blue look.
So, dont worry. Either what would happen I will not change my opinion about you. And dont forget that you have to be there at
Seven oclock, I know! Angell said quickly, like she wanted to forget it.
Marvell smiled once more, making Angell to feel ice in her stomach, and then he happily winks.
Well then, miss rain, see you there, ok?
Ok. She said shortly.
A weird warm and a floating sensation comprised the girl, while she was watching Marvell how he was returning to his black car. Dingo didnt left him alone, wanting to play, but Marvell was already in the car, and Angell waved her hand, smiling. She turned happy back to the house and jumped in the air making Dingo to bark.
At seven oclock in the evening, her friends came by, Serena, Lania, Emell and of course Mariuss, everyone prepared for the big event. Also Amira was there, shaking being full of emotions, also like the two girls. The boys stood very relaxed.
Mrs. Amira, what happens if Angell will trip? Mariuss said.
Good God Mariuss! Knock on wood!
Or if not, I will kick your ass! Serena said.
Wow.  All of them exclaimed in the same time, driving their attention to the top of the stairs.
Angell was dressed in a long dress, large, fluffy, and made of blue-light silk. On it was putted sea pearls, and also some symbolic autumn leafs. On top she was wearing a corset, same color as the dress, very tight, which gave the impression that the girl was so close to choke. That sort of corset was ending on top with two long and large sleeves, which they were passing the half of the girls hand. On her head, Angell was wearing a crown made of every single specimen of flower from the island, putted on her beautiful long and curly brown light hair, which was flowing on her empty shoulders.
Dear mother of the sun. She looks like a princess of rain. Mariuss exclaimed.
Angell laughs full of emotions, grabbing her dress and lowering elegant the stairs. Everyone was looking at her with out of breath.
So Angell no words. Girl, you will break a leg.
When she arrived next to them, the others observed that at her ears she was wearing pearls, and on her lips was a pink shiny lipstick, and at her eyelids was a pal blue.
Do you want to be my wife? Mariuss joked, making the others laugh.
O thank you Mariuss. I will take it like a compliment.
And many others.
Angell, shall we go? Amira broke the magic.
Yes. Angell said almost whispering the answer.
The girls were analyzing her, behind the back, and the both of the boys took Angells arms, making the girl to be amused .Amira ran in their front, and exit on the gate at a white dressed girl which was wearing a big candle.
Like the tradition says, the ex Rains Daughter had the job to conduct the new daughter at the event in the Mornings Glade, where the festival was held. The last year, still Moonlight hosted the festival, and Angell was very curious who was the ex rains daughter, because she missed the festival last year for being sick, and no one told her.
God Angell, I knew that you are beautiful, but not like this. Like I see you taking pictures for a model magazine. Mariuss said, getting closer to the gate like the rest of the gang.
Keep dreaming Mariuss, and be careful at that slobber which is purring from your mouth. Serena said, making all laugh beside Angell who was refusing to go further, suddenly stopping.
Angell whats wrong? Did you swallow a mosquito? Mariuss laughed and when he looked at the gate he intentionally flinch.
Good Jesus, a ghost! He said joking, but Angell and the girls were far away to be amused.
Oh Lord how horrible the dress its on you. On me was perfect standing.
In their front was no other then Vanilla, the girls number one enemy (the boys didnt care about her). No, was impossible that the peroxide blonde was the ex rains daughter.
Now you see why we didnt tell you Angell? Lania said.
The girls tried, sort of to calm her down, but they quickly gave up seeing the pinky color from her cheeks, turning into a brick-red way.
You came only now, Rains Mummy? Vanilla was taunting her.
Well we were planning to come in the morning, but because now we know that zombie exists, we wanted to say hi to you and your kind. Mariuss said.
Thats enough! Vanilla you know what to do and the rest of you come with me! Amira said hurried.
Good luck Angell. Try to not kill her. Serena said.
Good luck. The rest wished her, and then all of them got in Amiras car. Angell was looking helpless how her mothers car went away, leaving her alone with the creature which she cannot stand.
You know! Angell shouted to Vanilla, coming next to her. Its a very important thing for everyone, and if you will destroy it I swear on the all islands flowers that you will pay for it!
Yeah, whatever. Vanilla said bored. Lets go and end this crap.
Angell sighed and didnt have a choice, but to respect the tradition, and among with Vanilla, they were walking slowly towards the woods, on a paved road.
The sun was flashing fragile lights, which were dancing among the big tress of the yellow forest which was wearing orange pastels, because was near the sun set. Vanilla didnt lost the occasion to smash some stupid things to Angell, like what she didnt like about the girl, criticizing everything (and the rains daughter became like the sun set). 
And I really do not like how you dress. You look like you just landed from the moon, really. You dont have a sense of style.
Listen you bitch! Its not your damn business how I dress myself, what music I listen to or what friends I have! Clear!? Mind your own bored life and leave mine alone.
Yeah, whatever. We could be very best friends, but no, you choose to be a looser.
If you will not shout in this moment, I swear that you will do it for the rest of your life!
Vanilla made big eyes at the girls threats, and shouted her mouth, preferring to go along the road without saying a word to Angell. The sun was hiding for good after the sea, being visible on the celestial vault some stars and the red white color clouds.
The mornings glade was getting closer, while they were walking towards it, and the girls didnt say a word to one another, in fact the better they were separating better would be for both of them. Vanilla finally stopped Angell in the forest, before she would enter the glade, being very close the event, where the music and the noise made by people, could be heard, a thing which loaded the Rains Daughter with a lot of fearing.
Pay attention to me! Vanilla shouted to her. I have to go there on the stage. From there I will call you, and you like a masterly bird which of course youre not, will come slowly with this candle. Take it already, Jeez; you look like youre dropped in your head!
Angell grabbed the extinguished candle from Vanillas hand, which was irritating her, but preferred to not say a word. The emotions didnt let her to talk.
Do you understand?
I knew these things anyway. Thanks for the instructions. Angell said sarcastic, making Vanilla to grimace at her.
Vanilla walked forward, entering the glade, and Angell remained alone with the white candle in her hand, almost bursting into tears because of the emotions. When Vanilla entered the music stopped and everyone burst into applause.
Angells heart was threatened to break the chest, thats how fast beating was. She was deep breathing, closing her eyes, praying that everything will be alright; she flinched when she heard her name, shouted by Vanilla on the stage.
Now ladies and gentlemen, this years Rains daughter, Angell Valentine Veriss, will honor us with the rain call. Rains daughter, please, do come.
Vanillas false voice could be distinguished from miles. Angell remained stoned. Her legs were refusing to listen her. She wanted to go but her body was blocked. At one point the people started to be agitated, wondering what happened. After a tree, Marvell appeared.
Angell! Go!
Angell was shaking her head, sign that she cannot.
Trust me love. Go!
Angell, for a moment, remained shocked. Marvell called her love, and that thing gave her courage. She stretched her back, entering the glade.
She was on a paved road, pretty big, full of flowers petals from the island. The people were looking at her like a microscope, how the Rains Daughter was heading to the stage. Her mind was blocked. She didnt know if it was an event, she felt it like she was the only one in that glade. Alone, like the time just stopped, everything went out, and she could hear only the beats of her heart. She didnt dare to look around, walking elegant forward, dragging the petals with her long dress. Vanilla was watching her above and with sickness that her enemy was in the middle of attention. The road seemed so damn long, but finally she arrived at the stage. Vanilla didnt try to help the girl climbing the stairs, and she just moved over. Angell had to grab her dress to go on the stairs.
With the candle from her hand, she lit it from another one which was in Vanillas hands. Angell didnt look in her eyes, gaveling her attention to the sparkly fire. Then she came along to a torch wrapped in silver wires, putted on a crystal support, very beautiful made and she lit it, being a gentle fire. In that moment the people burst into frantic applauses, making Angell to smile happily, watching the public. Was so many people, and from the trees she could see her Ravings how they were applauding. Vanilla was so close to burst, but not in applause like the rest of the world, but in tears.
Angell raised her hand sideways, with the palms up to the sky. Was the moment when the Rains Daughter, like the tradition said, was calling the holy rain, which was missing from the island. Angell took a deep breath and she started to say calm, but with a softly shake of voice.
Mother! Come! You who are the most pure, you who are washing our poor souls full of dark sins! Pry thee; come above us with your crystal and pure water to save us from the evil fire. MOTHER! COME!
She extended melodious the last words. Another wave of warm applauses came and they could be heard beyond the islands borders, and Angell laughed happy that she didnt make fool of herself. Her friends were cheering her and she felt it like the world was on her feet.
*
How should I know? What would happen if I would forget about the incantation or the song?
In the best scenario you would have make fool of yourself.
And in the worst scenario?
No comment.
Marvell and Angell were talking alone, standing on a blanket a little far from the event, both of them very cheerfully. The festival was almost over, the music was still vibrating from the huge black boxes, like from Marvells party, and the people were having fun without a worry.  Her gang was dancing very energetic, or at least only the two boys, because Lania and Serena was seating on a bench, talking. Vanilla, angry, offended, defeated (and so on) was seating far away, with her girls, being very sulky. She cannot leave from the event that soon, despite of her despair, because at the midnight she had one more thing to do, meaning to sink the Rains Daughter into the sea, this would be the final of the festival, or to sacrifice her. Forced by legends, caught by tradition, Vanilla was seating more than upset on a little bench, with her friends beside her, not so happy, crossing arms.
You know Marvell, you were right. I mean honestly I cannot escape thinking about you I mean I think more at you the usually and since when you called me love, my heart cannot stop smiling. Angell honestly said, having her face red.
Really? I said with all my heart Angell. I really wish to be something serious between us.
Me too, honestly.
Marvell hugged Angell, and the girl woke up suddenly raised by Mariuss.
Ready princess? Its almost midnight.
Yeah yes. The girl said confused.
The middle of the night came, and the sea was whirling, small waves were smashing on the cliff, and Angell with Vanilla was already in the freezing water, reaching until their lap.
Are you ready beauty? Vanilla mock her, swinging by two reasons (was guided by the water with the consumed alcohol) looking at the other girl with an undesirable hate, envy.
She grabbed Angells hair and she sank her in the water. Then Angell came back to the surface.
Are you insane!?She said, breathing the air thirsty.
I will show you who the bitch is! Vanilla said, and for the second time she grabbed strongly her hair, and pushed her in the water, holding her more than enough. The people from the shore were watching the girls, waiting for Angell to come again at the surface, but seemed to be that she didnt. Vanilla putted her both hand on the girls head, forcing her to not come back, drowning her, hoping that Angell will leave the world where only a queen can be. Angell started to get dizzy, even if she was struggling; the water was filling her lungs.
ANGELL! Marvell shouted.
Angell didnt and couldnt see or hear anything. Was over, Vanilla won. She automatically thought at her mother who will be alone, at her friends, and at her lover Marvell, who in that moment was running towards Vanilla.
Everything was dark, but she was feeling a strange warm, like the sun was burning her. But the light started to blind her in the moment when she easily opened her eyes, observing that she was no longer in the water.
 I will kill her, I swear! How the hell
If she was dying God.
Lania you are stupid! She wouldnt die!
She heard unclear voices and felt some pairs of eyes staring at her. First thing she connected her perplexed look with two blue sparkling eyes.
Angell! Are you ok sweetie?
And everything started to wake in the girls tired mind. She rose in her bone head, scared and shaky, still being dizzy and with a big headache. She was on a hospital bed; beside her was Marvell, the Ravings and also her mother, everyone look tired and pale.
I still want to merry you, even if you look awful. Mariuss said, being nudged by Serena.
Wha what just happen? Was her first question, with a husky voice, looking to everyone, waiting for an explication.
Well, you were very close to drown.Lania said.
What? How?
But she remembered that Vanilla tried to kill her, taking advantage of the tradition.
Vanilla! Where is she? I will drown myself that horrible witch!
Dont worry my dear. She is arrested for attempted murder. Amira said, petting her.
She tried to drown me. Who saved me?
Marvell took her hand in his, and the girl felt his body warmth, like he was burning, and with a tense voice and with his wet blue eyes, started to speak.
If I wasnt figure it out what Vanilla really tried to do you where where
Amira putted a hand on his right shoulder, calming him down, and on the boys face it could be read the fury.
Such a luck that you saved her Marvell, for that I thank you. Amira said, smiling.
Angell was feeling too, the Marvels fury, how it was invading her body, conquering every single cell. She just wanted to rise up from the bed, and to drown that blonde bitch herself. Serena observed the girls face expression, and she putted her hand on her shoulder.
Angell, look! The God was endured by you. You brought the rain to the island!
Angell didnt realize until then that at the window the rain was pattering with huge water bullets.
Chapter IV 
Amiras sister
(Back to top)
The Moonlighters were very outraged, for the simple fact that Vanilla tried to kill the rains daughter, the one who managed to call the clouds full of blessing water upon the island, a thing which Vanilla didnt able to do.
The sky was clean as a whistle, with beautiful white and foam clouds, and the sun was shinnying with less strength, coming back to normal.
The autumn came quickly then it should be, the proof being the tress which were metamorphosing their leaves in vivid colors like yellow, red or orange.
Angell and Marvell were forming an enviable couple, even if a lot of girls were still sobbing the boy with blue eyes and of course a lot of them wanted the couple to break up, but was not possible. Amira was happy that her daughter was alive (of course), but she was happier for both of them, being very beautiful together.
The Ravings were spending a little less time with Angell, given the thought that she couldnt stop the relationship with Marvell, being unbreakable. Angell found Marvell as a smart boy, lovable, serious and funny at the same time. Even thou her friends didnt say a bad thing about her relationship, only Mariuss was making some remarks, like the girl forgot about her true friends, and even Angell was laughing, being used to his type of sarcastic jokes. Vanilla was condemned by the judge at 10 years of prison for attempted murderer, and she was still saying that she didnt want this to happen, because she was believing and respective the island tradition to sacrifice Angell literally, for the locals to have rain, and why (after her sayings) the prosecutors punished her when she was loyal to her country. 
In the day of 5 September 2010, Serena was running like a crazy person, in the morning, towards Veriss house. She stopped at the gate, holding onto a part, with a blue folder in her hand. She looked up in the sky, cursing.
I was such stupid, God!
Then she opened the gate and entered in the courtyard, running towards the house. In that moment, after the corners house, Dingo jumped barking, making Serena screaming. The enter door just opened and Amira went quickly outside, wanting to know what was going on.
Good God Serena, whats going on? Dingo, down boy! She said to the dog, and he suddenly stopped barking, listening his master.
Mrs. Amira I Serena tried to speak, breathing thirsty.
Lets go inside my dear, and will talk there.
I dont have time I need to to take Angell at the college.
Why? Amira raised her eyebrows.
Well its an exam. I have an arrear.
Angell has arrears? Amira freaked out, watching Serena above her glasses.
No, just me and Mariuss.
I hope your mother doesnt know. Come inside. She is still sleeping.
Serena shook her head and went to the house, holding her chest.
Oh God, dont tell me that you ran until here. Amira asked, and both of them entered the house.
Yes I did.
Serena ran like she was a bullet from a gun, up on the stairs, directly to the floor where Angell had her bedroom. Serena didnt stand outside her room to knock at the door, but entered strongly in it, smashing the door to the wall, making Angell to jump from her bed, looking scared from the ground.
Serena what the hell?! Angell horsing said.
Angell. The exams! Did you forget about your arrear?
Shhh, be careful, my mom could hear you! Yeah, God dammit, I will dress now.
Angell jumped up, like a gymnast and ran to the dresser, and while she was picking up her clothes to wear, Serena was moving around the room very agitated. Angell ran into the bathroom and Serena after her.
We dont have much time! It will take us two hours until Careville! Serena started to panic, while Angell was combing her hair fast, or better say, pulling down her brown light hair with the comb.
Only after a couple of moments, a miracle for a girl like Angell who used to spend hours in the front of mirror, the girl was ready, putting a white bonnet on her head, and taking her folder, then both ran to the stairs and then to the main hall. Amira was looking at them.
Oh my God, is like the invaders just came!
Mother, not now, we are in a hurry. Kiss you, bye.
Bye honey, good luck Serena.
Thank you, good bye.
And so the girls exit the house in the courtyard.
You little bitch; you didnt tell me that outside its so cold! Angell said to Serena, having on top only a t-shirt.
Now we are in a hurry, dont worry, you will warm up later.

And so, the girls ran into the garage. Angell got in Amiras car, and Serena got so fast in, that the driver started to engine, running on the road, turning left.
We have to stop in OldStory. Serena said, putting her seatbelt on.
Why?
Mariuss, did you forgot that he will give an exam too? Only Lania and Emell are clean, without a problem.
Whatever, it doesnt surprise me, really. Angell said, entering with her silvery car in the towns center.
Hey, look its that hot guy, Kaiuss. Serena said smiling.
Kaiuss? Isnt his dad owns that bakery, Happy Flower? Angell asked, being very careful at the road.
The sun was starting to grab power by the minute, and Angell took some sunglass out and put them on her eyes, for the light to not disturb her emerald green eyes.
Yes, he is the one.
Angell looked at Serena, ironically smiling. Even if she had the sunglasses on, Serena could swear that her friend was rebuking with her eyes.
Serena, did you forgot that Kaiuss, which you are talking about, tried to seduce me?
Oh yeah, I forgot.
Angell smiled thankfully that she cut Serenas breach from under her feet, and pulled the wheel, heading to the main highway, which will bring them to OldStory.
The wind was blowing, and the sun could be seen on the sky beautiful and shiny for the morning, after the Pya Mountains which they were in their left. OldStory was the town between the mountains, in a pretty beautiful valley, in the middle being a lake. The houses where spread everywhere, hiding after the big trees. Angell turned to left towards the mentioned town. The music was exploding in the cars boxes, while the girls were focusing on the road.
Where you said that Mariuss will wait for us? Angell asked, stopping suddenly the car, in front of a park which was around the lake.
Here Serena said, getting down from the car.
Angell took her cell phone, looking at the time. She made big eyes when she saw that they only had one hour and a half, until the exams will start, and they wouldnt be there right in time, if they were spending precious minutes in OldStory. At one point, the girl took away her sunglasses for the nose, and saw Mariuss how he was running towards their car, and Serena showed him her watch, sign that he was late, or that Serena was parsing about her expensive watch, even if Angell didnt believe the second option was true, given the fact that on Serenas face it could be read the irritation.
The doors opened and Mariuss with Serena got in the car, while they were fighting.
Really, I dont understand you Mariuss. Even if we are so late, you prefer
Just give me a break, will you Serena? Hit it Angell! Mariuss said, making himself comfortable in the back of the car, looking ugly at Serena. She was answering to his gaze, watching him with the same feeling in the rearview mirror.
Angell looked weird at both of them, starting the engine and turned back to the highway, to get in the Careville city.
Man, whats wrong with you? Did you both eat something rotten this morning or what? Angell asked amused.
Well if Mr. Mariuss is always late, what can I say? Serena was expressing herself, like the boy with this name wasnt in the back of the car.
Ah, shut up, how about when you were late. Mariuss attacked back.
Angell rolled her eyes, and raised the volume from the music; only then maybe they will shut up. And she was right; both of them were suddenly silent. Mariuss was moving easily in the rhythm of the music, smiling, and Serena was looking angry at the window.
The road was starting to grow more, in four bands, and other cars were driving near them, coming from the other places, everyone heading to Careville city.
Angell entered in the city, praying to not get in traffic or something like that, because then she could say bye to exams. But for her luck, at the entrance of the city, the car didnt make a column and therefore the girl easily could pass the others, with her mothers car, arriving on a paved street, in the left side, between two big orange blocks.
Angell stopped the car at a traffic light, watching the street in front of her, which it was cutting their way.
We have 20 minutes left until the exam, Angell. Serena said downright terrified.
Girl, just dont worry. We will be there in time.
When the light turned green, Angell grew the speed and pushed hard the acceleration, like she was in a car race. She turned the car to the right, in the moment when another car wanted to pass, horning her. Angell didnt care. She observed the University building how was getting closer, with the country Ieloharis island flag on top, light blue with the green island in the middle, divided in four sectors, being symbolized on it the four emblems (the full and silver moon, the open book, the golden sun and a torch with purple fire) which symbolized the tree towns and the two capitals of the Island, Careville and Sareville.
Angell, like a professional, parked the car near two others, getting down fast with her friends, running to the entrance of the building.
After three hours, the three of them were singing happily in the car, in the way back home, very cheerfully that the exam was over and the subjects were easy.
I was so sure that they will give us from Sigmund Freud. Serena said.
Yes. I love that guy, so lucky that I read his works. Angell said, being much happier and relaxed then she was in the morning.
She arrived in OldStory, stopping near the Erinis Lake. Mariuss looked around, then he said bye to the girls.
See you guys at the next following arrears! He said.
What following? Angell got sacred.
Which we will have them, of course.
You will have them, I dont want this anymore. Angell said, starting the engine, with a thought to get faster home. Even if she was very happy, she sort of wanted to tell her mother, but Angell knew that if she would do that, she could say good bye forever to the silver car.
Girl, take care. Serena said, while she was getting down, arrived in front of her house.
Ok, see you, bitch. Angell said smiling, driving relaxed.
Finally arrived home, she frown her eyebrows, when she saw that in the front of the fence was another parked car, black with strange numbers on it. The cars from the island were having to small underline I. Angell stopped her car, in back of the other one, getting down from it, not separating her green eyes from the strange car, not knowing whose it was. She heard some laughter, softly blurred, in the back of the house, and Angell entered through the gate, with her folder in her arms, guided by the sound of the stranger voices, which were growing in intensity. Even the dog didnt come at her, like every time when Angell was arriving home from somewhere. She heard her mothers voice, happy, and then she breathes relieved. They were not thieves but guests. 
When she came from the corner, saw her mother standing on the terrace with two unknown people.
First was a woman with a voluminous curly hair, falling free on her back. Her face was sharp, with a broad, having beautiful blue eyes. The other one was a massive man, with his head shaved, having his nose aquiline, and long-eared. His eyes were easily almond having the wood color.
When Angell approached them curiously, the blond woman jumped up and hugged her, making Angell to be more than confused. She found out why Dingo didnt wait for her. He was sleeping in the mans arms.
The night felt softly like a feather, over the island; Amira, Angell and the two guests were talking very animated in the living room, where in the chimney a playful fire was burning.
Angell found out with amazement that she had an aunt, having 28 years old; Sabrina by the name, the blond curly hair guest, being Amiras sister, even if Angell didnt had a clue that her mother had a sister. Although the both women explained to the confused girl, that Sabrina left the island when she was much younger and wasnt back from a long time, and Amira didnt want to tell her daughter about having a sister, because she would ask about her.
Angell remained perplex at those explications, not understanding their logic, but she preferred to swallow the Veriss sisters story. The reason that Sabrina came back on the island, was because she just wanted to get married with her fianc, the massive man, named Doriss.
And here we really want, at our church from the center. Sabrina said animated, drinking wine.
It so beautiful, but when you want to get marry? I honestly tell you that I never was at a wedding before. Angell said, happily at the thought that she will participate at an event like that, more important for her then The Rains Festival.
Well we were thinking at the day of 15 September.
After a weak and a half? Angell asked happy, looking at her mother, which was smiling too.
Yes.
Awesome. Its fast, I mean I know that for a wedding you have to plan so many things, and you two will resolve all this in a week?
Come on! We dont need a year Angell. After all we want something simple and elegant. Anyway, relax; we just took care of all the things. The party will take place in the Morning Glade.
Superb! There the Rains Festival was held. Angell said.
You know that I was the Rains Daughter too? Sabrina said, making Angell to watch her amazed.
Really? How come?
Yes. Was supposed to be your mother but
Sabrina realized what she said, looking somewhere else. Amira changed her look, putting down the glass of wine on the glass table between them. Angell watched both of them.
Anyway Sabrina, we have a lot of stuff to do, especially with the invitations. Amira said, breaking the tensions between them.
Yes, is true and I want, Angell to be my bridesmaid.
Really? That is cool; I have best friends which are be delighted to participate.
The Ravings. Amira laughed.
The more people, the better is. Sabrina said.
After analyzing a little bit, Angell saw that Sabrina had a teenager attitude, being very cheerfully, beside her fianc who was restrained at talking.
Sabrina and Doriss agreed to sleep in the first mentioned room, being transformed in a guest room, from Angells floor. In the next days, Sabrina was spending her time with Angell and her friends. Mariuss, when he saw Sabrina first time, he said that he will be the first who will kidnap the bride from her wedding.
Are you always picking up on girls? Serena said.
Yes, its my hobby. Mariuss said, making Sabrina to laugh.
I like your friends, Angell. Sabrina said.
And Angells friends like you back. Mariuss said.
Angell also introduced her boyfriend Marvell to Sabrina and Angell remained stoned when she saw that he was acting like a true gentleman. She was very proud of him.
Amira was personal dealing with the preparing for the wedding, while Sabrina was spending much time with her niece, and her Ravings, while Doriss was very quiet, with his eyes on the laptop, working.
Seemed to be that Doriss and Sabrina were the perfect match, he was being a very calm person, respectable, mature, and he was accepting the rebel style of his future wife.
The days were passing by without a sense, and the 15 day of September arrived, the day when Sabrina and Doriss will unite their destinies. Sabrina was very close to explode because of the emotions, a thing which Angell understood perfectly; even she had to struggle with a situation like that, with the festival which just passed.
Standing in her room and arranging herself, Angell said to her that probably was the most beautiful period in her life and she was forcing to not drive her attention to the end of this event. She looked almost a half a hour in the dresser mirror, which was long, trying to correct some small defects on her aspect, wanting to look perfect at the wedding. She had her hair smooth with big and beautiful curls, flowing on her shoulders. She was wearing a silky vaporous purple dress, having assorted a purse with the same color as the dress.
Maybe the dress was so long or to outrages, but she with her girl-friends was maids of honor, and the two boys plus Marvell were made by Sabrina, Knights of Honor. Therefore they had to look honorable and beautiful. She took from the jewelry box a beautiful necklace with diamantes, and also she putted on her ears two pairs of earrings, simple and made of silver.
Lania and Serena suddenly got in the room, making Angell to shudder, paying attention in the mirror. 
Angell, are you ready? We have to go to the church. Lania said, being in the same purple dress, perfect arranged.
In a minute, God, its like something exploded. Angell said, and together left the room, running down the stairs.
All of them got in Amiras car, and with this occasion the driver pushed the acceleration, and rising the volume of music to max, she really didnt care about Sobber, the policeman that he could pull her over, was a wedding. The law in the island said that in special occasions the speed limit could be passed. 
Neither good the three of them enjoyed the short trip with the car, that they arrived at the little church in the center, and Angell parked so suddenly, that Serena hit her head on the drivers chair.
Angell, are you crazy? You will ruin my hair. Do you know how much time it took me to finish it?
Leave the hair now, wasnt a big deal. Lets go.
But the bride didnt come. Lania said confused.
Lania, the bride doesnt have to come yet. We open her way with white rose petals. Angell said, opening the trunk.
From where Lania started to ask, but Angell was already sharing the girls some small baskets with white rose petals in them.
I am so curious how Sabrina will look like. Serena said, walking with the girls on the big marble church stairs.
Me too, my mother said that they found a perfect dress in Sareville. But after my mothers taste, I really can imagine how will look like, only if Sabrina choose it first.
Yeah, but the bride its a little bit late. Serena said, looking at the watch.
Angell had to agree with the girl. Sabrina was late, a thing unusual for her, because she was punctually all the time. The people were gathering around, entering the church. The boys were already at the chapel near Doriss, and the girls were waiting exciting and with a softly worrying for the bride to appear. 
I wonder whats going on. I hope she is ok. Angell asked worried, but didnt pass much time and a black convertible car, ran towards the church, horning. Sabrina was screaming from all her lungs.
The car stopped, and the first one who got out from it, was Amira, dressed in purple, very beautiful. Angell remained stupefied sawing her mother.
What? The woman said.
My God, you look so hot. Angell said.
You think that you are the only one who is attracting eyes? Amira joked.
What happened? Why are you guys late?
Long story Angell, get ready girls, enter the church and spread the petals. Amira urged them, and the three maids of honor didnt stand to chat with Amira, and immediately got in the church on the long way, which was separating the chairs. The people got up in their feet, welcoming the radiate bride.
After the girls took their place right next to the bride, at the chapel, finally Sabrina arrived, very emotional, taking Dorisss arm, who was sharing the same feeling like her. The bride was wearing a puffy dress, having light-blue color, hooked in a corset, with a softly dcolletage. On her incredible smooth hair she had a tiara made of diamonds. She was very excited, and the proof was on the blue flowers she holds, which they were shaking in her hands.
Angell, with her large smile on her angelic face, was looking around seeing so many unknown faces, and then her look intersected with a mans eyes, from the middle of chairs, watching her without blinking, a thing which gave the girl some chills. Serena saw that her friend was looking to the crowd, but didnt say a word, paying attention to the priest, nudging Angell to do the same. The girl in case seemed that man very familiar, even if she never saw him in her life. At one point she took her connected eyes from the mysterious man and turned her gaze to the knights of honor, smiling again. Emell was watching Lania long, seeing her so beautiful, Mariuss was with his smile on his lips, pretending that he is throwing up (knowing that Emell was watching Lania) and Marvell was laughing at Mariuss, looking after Angell; seeing her looks, he quickly winked her.
Suddenly, Angell fixed her eyes on the two happy grooms, seeing her in the brides blue dress, on Marvells arm, in front of the priest.
Angell Valentine Veriss, will you marry Marvell Marvollio, to be your love husband, until death does its part?
I do.
Marvell Marvollio, will you marry Angell Valentine Veriss, to be your love wife, until death does its part?
I do.
I declare you, husband and wife.
*
The party was on, and the fleshly bride was dancing very energetic with Marvell, Angell with Doriss and Amira with a distant cousin. After the song was over, another one came quickly being slower, for the lovers.
The party was kept in the Morning Glade, the biggest glade in Moonlight. Everything was under a white and huge tent, having the ceiling made of blue and white silk, and the walls were missing. In the middle was the dance floor, and after it was round tables, where on it was a small lamp, throwing ghostly lights. A bar, where the appetizers were and also the drinks, from water like, to the ones which made the neck go on fire, and a bartender which was preparing all of them. A stage where some boxes were, and of course near them was the Dj who controlled the music. At the edge of tent, and even in the middle of it, were strong lamps, which illuminated everything around, being like a fairytale. Angell was standing in Marvells arms, watching the dancers. Again Serena was arguing with Mariuss, because he spilled (unintentional, how the boy said), the drink on Serenas purple dress, and she was foaming. Lania and Emell were waltzing slowly in the rhythm of the music.
You know Angell, how about you will sing something for us Marvell said.
What? Didnt I was like a fool on the festival? Now I need to be again here? She said, watching him with her injected eyes from alcohol.
I liked very much your performance.
Yes, only you. I am not singing, and that is final.
Yeah right! After the third glass of tequila, I am very surprised that you can even speak longer.
But I am sober! Angell attacked herself.
Ok, ok, yes you are very sober. Marvell said, kissing her cheek.
Angell started to giggle, then her gaze fixed for the second time on the mysterious man from the church. He was frowning, watching the girl from the half shadow, but he quickly moved his eyes in another direction when he saw that she was looking at him. Angell rose up easily, balancing, determinate to solve that mystery.
Sweetie, where are you going? Marvell asked, seeing her so decided.
Ill be right back. She said short and went directly to the man dressed in a black tails, who was seating calm at the bar, looking over Amira, how she was dancing with three friends of hers.
Hello. Angell said smiling, from the mans behind.
He drowns, turning back suddenly, putting the glass on bar, beings easily shocked. She took a seat next to him, on those tall chairs. After she realized, the man was very handsome, with his face smooth, the nose being beautiful positioned and his eyes were greenish, with his hair cut short (somehow raised up) and light brown.
I am sorry, but I saw that you were looking at me and I was curious why you do that. The girl said cheerfully. 
The man smiled shutting up, watching down then he took his drink glass, drinking it all in one shot.
You are very handsome. You look very familiar too me, have we met before? Angell said, seeing that he didnt say a word.
The man smiled with all his mouth, and the girl observed that his teeth were all white and straight. She had to admit that the man was looking terrible good.
I didnt think we had the honor. The man finally said, with a masculine soft, warm voice.
Are you new in town? Said Angell, being more daring, maybe she will remember him.
Yes, I am from Sareville, I mean I just came only for the wedding. He said, making a sign to the grooms, which were dancing slowly on the dance floor.
Cool. Can you tell me your name? Angell insisted much more, feeling her cheeks on fire.
The man smiled, looking in the girls eyes, making her feel unconformable.
My name is Lovin, nice to meet you... ahh
Angell, likewise. The girl said, and Lovin took her hand and kissed it.
Wow, what a gentleman. The girl said.
Thank you, Angell, such a beautiful name. You look so much like your mother.
Angell smiled with her mouth closed, softly frowning.
How do you know my mother?
Well, you look alike?
They started to laugh, Angell more loudly than usual.
Who is that man? Marvell, I think you have competition. Mariuss asked at the table, observing Angell very happy.
Be serious Mariuss! That man its too mature for her.
But he looks so damn hot. Serena straightens, making Marvell to frown.
Hey! What you are gossiping about? Amira said cheerful, taking a seat next to Serena.
About Angell, she found herself a new partner. Mariuss said, making Marvell jealous.
What? Amira said smiling, looking around to find her.
Both of them raised from the bar, and went to the dance floor; Amira watched that man with very much attention, then she dropped her glass of drink, blown to smithereens.
Mrs. Amira, are you alright? Serena asked, but Amira was already too terrified to answer.
The world was spinning in the poor womans mind, like a spinner. Was impossible what she was seeing, wasnt real, and was even a paradox. 
Sabrina came quickly at Amiras table, taking her away from that picture, by her hand.
Come along Amira! Come with me. The bride said, seeing her face expression and what was going on.
Amira didnt protest, and with tears in her eyes, was taken off by Sabrina and both of them left the tent, heading towards the forest. The Ravings and Marvell were looking very curious after them.
What was all about? Serena curiously asked.  
Maybe her period came. Mariuss laughed.
You are so stupid! Serena said, taking her glass to her mouth.
Marvell was watching very careful how Angell was waltzing with that man, and was wondering what Amira knew about both of them.
I dont want to be imprudent, but what is your age, Angell? Lovin asked her, while they were dancing slowly.
20 years old.
Such a beautiful age.
How about yours?
How much you give me? He said smiling.
28 years old.
Thank you, but no. I have 39 years old.
Really? But
I know. I can hide my true age.
Lovin was directing Angell to make a pirouette, and the girl got dizzy. She grabbed her head and felt the drink in her neck, wanting to get out.
Angell, are you alright? He asked worried.
No. Please excuse me.
Sure.
She ran away from the dance floor, leaving the tent, going to the forest. Marvell got up, wanting to go after her, but Serena stopped him.
Let her go, trust me.
What do you mean by let her go? She is sick!
Exactly, she doesnt want to be with anyone right now. She hates that.
Therefore Marvell didnt say a word, taking back hid seat, sighing. 
Angell woke up in the forest, hugging a tree literately, breathing abruptly, and closing her eyes. The nausea easily passed her, breathing, but something distracted her attention, namely two voices which were growing in intensity, burning, much known. The girl oriented after the two voices, realizing that they were Sabrinas and her mothers, then she went stealthily towards them, hiding after a thick oak tree. Amira and Sabrina were talking to each other on a highest tone possible, arguing, and Angell was listening breathless.
For the last time Amira, how the hell should I know that he will come? I told Doriss very clearly to not invite him, how should I know that they are best friends?! Sabrina was attacking, sawing the air.
Amira was walking from left to the right, with one hand in her hair and the other on her hip.
You should know Sabrina! Its your guest after all!
Its Dorisss guest, Amira, I really didnt know that he would came, honestly.
Angell started to suspect who was in the middle of the fighting, but she was listening further.
You saw how he and Angell were coping! This is a sign.
Girl, what sign? She doesnt have to know, do you understand? Its better this way.
I really dont know why you are so selfish with your own daughter, Amira. Dont you think that its time to tell her the truth?
No. I dont think so its not a good time for that.
She has 20 years old, for God sake! She is not a child anymore. She has the right to know.
I am afraid, Sabrina! Do you understand? Maybe she will go insane or
My dear, you hide this thing for 20 years, I think she has the right to know and she has the right to react how she wants.
I want to let the things unfold. I will send her home and Lovin can go away
The girls hunches were confirmed. Very curious, and with her heart beating out from her chest, she was listen with the ears open, hearing even the most softly rustling.
And if I will, how should I tell her? Amira desperately asked, crying.
Take it easy. You will tell her tomorrow morning. Youll start with the beginning.
Angell could breathe no longer, putting her hand on the chest to control the heart which was beating like crazy.
Help me Sabrina, I beg you. Amira said crying.
Simple. You will tell her like this. Angell, my love, I have tot talk with you. I have to confess something that I hide from you for 20 years.
The girl was breathing very fast, sensing the fury how it was bursting her body.
And then?
Then you will take the subject nicely. Tell her that you are born in Sunshine, you lived there, and you had a love relationship with a very cute boy named Lovin, but he left you pregnant and your parents died, one killed by other and whatever then you explain her that my mother, your aunt, Creselda, raised you like her own child, and Lovin abandoned you, not believing that Angell was his daughter.
Chapter V 
The Pact
(Back to top)
Angell frozen, she just faded away, and the world around her was spinning dizzily. She was much ill then how she was couple of minutes ago, felting a stab in her heart, like her mother just took a long and very sharp knife and stabbing her, twisting it in the most brutal way.
The freshly young autumn wind, stopped blowing, shutting in a loyal sign for her. The girls hand was terrible shaking on the thick oak trunk, where she was hiding to lurk, finding the cruel truth about her father. Wasnt surprising at all that the man was very familiar too her, when they were sharing the same DNA, and somewhere inside her, she was regretting that she had to assist at the two cousins fight, like wanting to know nothing. She felt like she just lived in a lie until now, and her usual life wasnt like she known to be. Her face got white because of the angry mixed with a consuming sadness, which little by little was conquering every small part of her body. 
And the only question which came by was why?
Why Amira hide from her that cruel and curst truth for 20 years? Why Lovin didnt say a word, knowing clearly that he was speaking with his daughter. No! She couldnt believe it! Was too absurd and white sewing! Was no doubt a nightmare, and when she will awake in her big and fluffy bed, will laugh with tears by that dream which fortunately wasnt true. She pinched herself distrustful, and the pinch from her arm felt it like a small regret.
And without a warning, she suddenly turned away, heading back to the tent, where the party was on, and the tears were falling softly, innocent, slipping smooth on her silky angelic cheeks. She really didnt want to cry, to sigh for the unjust made; she just wanted to put an end to this, to revenge. She couldnt see anything in front of her eyes, only the tent which was getting closer by the minute she was walking. She tripped in her crazy walk, because of the high hills. She took them off from her feet, getting up again, starting to walk like a derailment train. 
Look, its Angell. My God, she looks like she just killed someone. Mariuss said. Serena immediately got up, taking Lania with her. Emell was seating next to Mariuss, watching Angell with worry, which stopped in one place, looking inflamed around, and searching for Lovin.
Angell, are you ok? Serena asked worried, avoiding such possible the visual contact with her.
Im fine. The girl managed to say between her teeth.
Lania opened her mouth to say something, but she was stopped by Serena. Was better for them to not intervene, knowing Angell too much, when she was seeing red before her eyes.
Then we will wait you at the table. Serena said, and with Lania after her, they ran back to the round table.
The green and thunderbolt girls eyes fell upon Lovin, who was drinking relaxed at the bar. She was heading to him, with her hair ruffled and her makeup destroyed because of the tears.  The man saw her, and turned his face to hers, not understanding why Angell was looking like she was about to explode.
Angell, are you feeling better? He asked smiling, thinking that her mood was because of too much drinks she had and didnt expect receiving a soundly slap from the girl. 
He watched her confused; trying so hard to understand what was going on.
Angell, why you did this?
The girl started to laugh false and loudly. She just loved the fact that he was so naive and shield less. Lovin made big eyes, frighten. Then she came back to her initial mood, looking more horrible then before, with an evil smile on her face.
I will tell you what its going on, FATHER! She started to raise the tone, taking care to emphasize the last word.
The music stopped, and the people around started to watch the all thing very curiously. Marvell got up on his feet, wanting to interfere but Serena stopped him, making a sign with her head that was not a good idea. Mariuss was looking through the eyebrows to the scene and whispered to Lania, which was seating next to him.
What a beautiful family reunion. He said ironically, but he was immediately nudged by the girl, who didnt find that situation funny.
 Amira and Sabrina came along from the forest, and the first mentioned darkest fears, came alive under her smooth and gentle doe eyes. 
Lovin remained shocked by the word spoken by Angell, not knowing how to proceed further, to deny what his 20 years daughter said or to run away for the second time from their lives, from the girl which once he loved the most, and the result of their love, seating in front of him. Because of his silence, and to make matters worse, he bends his head in front of the girl. Angell anger, seemed that it touched the maximum level, and the girl didnt remember when she was so angry in her life on someone, and by the minute another tsunami could come, more strongly than before with hard words, and maybe with stinging slaps.  She just wanted to fight with him, to scream one to each other, but he was quiet like the rest of the wedding people, which were looking at the scene with interest. The girl was flowing, and Lovin raised his looks and she saw scared, that in his sparkling green eyes were tears.
I am sorry. He said with a voice came from the tomb, whispered, only she to hear.
Angell pulled back, looking around, and for the first time she saw that everybody was following her. She was blocked, her mind just freeze, was like the time just suddenly stopped, and the anger was quick replaced with a searing sadness, which was starting to grow in the poor girls mind.
She turned suddenly on heels and saw her mother, crying stoned, near here being Sabrina which was drying her eyes with a napkin. The woman throws a look to her daughter, like I am sorry, but the girl was getting easily anger thinking that a part of the guilty was on her side as well, just because she hide the damn truth in all this years, thinking that every time when Angell asked her mother about her father, she became sad saying that he died before she was born. For Amira, Lovin was like a dead person, and the girl was feeling sorry for her mother, for the fact that she was pulled off by the sneaky joker who was dressed in black suite.
Angell thrown Amira a gaze full of compassion and mercy, then she took treadle, running on the wet grass, barefoot, without a certain direction, far away from the party, far away from her mother and her friends, far away from the world which she known to be warm.
Angell! Marvell yelled after her, but was stopped again by Serena.
Trust me Marvel, she will come back. Leave her alone.
Marvell wanted to say couple of sweet things to Serena, but he pleased himself just to look unpleasant to her.
The girl was in the forest, running chaotically, starting to climb a small wooded hill, and more she was reaching the center of the woods, more the forest went wild. The branches were hurting her, scratching her delicate legs, leaving pink lines on it. The fallen trunks like the fallen soldiers from the battle field, were tripping her to run further away, but still the girl dont gave up that easily, jumping over them, and trying to keep distance from all the obstacle which came into the picture, crying without breathing. She was so hurt, that she didnt know if she will ever escape that pain.
God hated her; she wanted to believe that, He was laughing from the skies about the destiny He putted on her life way. Where has Angell Valentine Veriss disappeared, the graceful, rebel and ambitious girl? All the time with the smile on her red lips, and prepared to jump into the rescue when someone needed help?
SHE DIED! Angell yelled, falling on the dry and muddy autumn leaves, sobbing.
She took away the hair strand from her face, of her brown light hair full of small branches and leaves. Her purple dress was awful spotted with mud, and her purse was entirely gone, forgetting it on the table from the tent, together with the safe feeling as well.
She looked into the empty space, stopping crying for a moment, having her face streaked by the tears and messy because of the flowed mascara, thinking that if Sabrina wouldnt came in the town, who was presuming that she was her aunt, when actually she was her mothers cousin, none of this would not have happened, and Angell was starting to believe that in life nothing is random, and to stop at the thought that there is a destiny for each and every human. She stood couple of minutes in her knee, meditating, and then she got up and started her journey to unknown, climbing.
She didnt want consolations from no one, or to cry on a cold and foreign shoulder. Maybe Amira expected her to cry because of the sadness not anger, even if she felt that knife from her heart softly retreating, stinging.  
All of the sudden she started to laugh, stopping again. She was effective laughing about what happened that night, although the girls laugh wasnt calm and happy, but cold and ironic. What would have happen if? Or better said, what her mother and the others were expecting from her to do? For Angell to jump happily in the air that she just met her father for the first time? That rotten worm wasnt her father, was just an impostor who decided to come in the picture, to deflect the usual and beautiful course of her life. According to Doriss, Lovin was working with him on the continent and brought Lovin here to his wedding with Sabrina, and Angell got angry again at the thought that Lovin wasnt brought in Moonlight, like a usual guest, and the lie was bigger because Angell knew that Doriss, Sabrina and Lovin were living in Sareville. 
She putted her hand on a tree, and the other one on her hip, abruptly breathing. She got tired, blown from so much climbing, not knowing what direction to take, and above all that she really didnt care. 
Lets resume. She said to herself. My mother and Lovin were lovers in Sunshine, and then because of a mistake I end up coming in this world in Moonlight. So cool! Now Im a mistake. I can tell people, if they will ask my name, I will tell them: Hi, my name is Mistake Veriss, nice to meet you. She ended up with sarcasm.
She shacked her head couple of times like she wanted to forget that painful perspective, but in reality she shacked it only to escape the little branches from her hair, taking them with her hand.
My beautiful hair. What a plight you are in.
Then she started climbing again. But then what actually was the truth with Amira and her daughter? Why Amira claimed that aunt Creselda was in fact grandmother Creselda.
Where the devil am I?
After a while she realized the fact that she got lost. The knife, brutally stabbed in her heart, retreated for good, leaving a wound which slowly would heel in time, and transform into a scar.
She was looking around, getting use to the dark, even though the sky was full of stars. After what she was seeing, she climbed so much that she ended in a dry small glade. In front of the forest, was another one, much dense and gnarly than the other one, and Angell didnt dare to take that direction. Then she looked in the left side, seeing the whirling sea, and on the horizon, purple and dark blue clouds were crowding on the sky, dropping lightings, and she realized that she was on a cliff. The fear settle quickly, and the girl looked around desperately, couldnt find an escape way. Now she really cares, and the alcohol euphoria effect evaporated with some time before. 
A sharp voice screamed, growing in intensity and was so loud that Angell collapsed in her knees, because of fearing, with her palms on ears, screaming as well as the voice in the same time, with her eyes closed. 
Then she was just hearing her own scream, stopping, quickly getting up, being afraid that the thing which produced that scream will find her. She turned away, and saw the forest from which she came, being afraid to go back.
Therefore she tried to run and woke up in front of a gulf with sharp edges. But not this fact was amazing, but the cave from its base. Was like a bear lair only that in reality was ten times larger and spooky. 
What if in that cave was the home of a wild creature, cruel, which was jumping at the victim as soon as he felt it getting closer?
But the storm was closer, becoming more violent by the minute. Angell worship, praying that she will not die in that way, closing her eyes, and asked God for forgiveness because she insulted Him ( God was hating her), and entered with her eyes closed inside of the cave, feeling her feet painfully, because of the spikes from the forest and the rocks from that cave. The darkness was stabbed by a pale blue ray, from another chamber. Even if Angell couldnt estimate how big the cave was, because she didnt saw the ceiling. She could smell something horrible like something or someone died there a long time ago, and the noise made by the stalactites were giving Angell creeps. Sometimes she could hear fluttering wings, and the girl prayed to not wake up with a bat in her hair.
She was expecting that in every second, something to come out from the dark and to destroy her, but for her relief, this didnt happen, walking furtherer towards that blue ray. 
Makin courage (whispering to her mad subconscious that everything is fine) she walked forward even more, seeing that the cave was starting to get smaller and in one point she had to lean easily, putting her hand on the caves walls, felting a moisture like a gelatinous slime.
Arrived to the door of the other chamber, from which the blue ray was coming, she observed that it was narrow, and filled by the curiosity, the girl managed hardly to sneak in that chamber, but she remained stoned, discovering the source of the blue pale ray.
The rocky chamber was huge, having the size of a football oval stadium. From the caves ceiling, strongly blue light was coming, like above the cliff was a spinning blue star. But not the refreshing light was amazing, who was lighting the entire chamber, but the secret sanctuarys population.
Angell expected to find forest animals, anything, but not that. The population wasnt animals, or humans, or mythical creatures, but plants; most precisely, flowers. But not every kind of flower from the island (which held all the species expect one), seemed like the minus from the flower rank were truly existed, but in secret, living in that cave. Over one thousand Forget-me-not flowers were covering the chambers floor, like it was a translucent blue carpet, waved like by a cold breeze, as like the fields of wheat. And in the middle of the blue flowers, on a huge rock, was the biggest flower of Forget-Me-Not, having its roots very thick, which surrounded that rock all over it. Another unexplainable thing was that the flowers were moving (she thought initially that they were directed by a pale of wind or something), and the girl could hear pleasant buzzing coming from all over the place. But even the flower from the rock, having the size of a human baby, had life, and how she was seating there quietly, suddenly she turns her petals towards Angell, making the girl thrilling. 
Human! What are you doing here?
Angell wasnt scared any longer, was simple terrified; she was looking around the chamber like a crazy person, trying to find out the source of the authoritative voice, smooth, like a strong whisper, with a weak echo.
I asked you, what are you doing here? The voice said once more. 
The other flowers stopped whispering, and like the huge flower, they drive their attention towards Angell, changing a little bit the rug. The girl remained literately with her mouth opened, discovering the source. Was the flower from the rock, which had her petals fixed on her. She couldnt say if that event was real or a dream.
I Im actually Angell tried something to say, but she was stuttering very badly, because of the fear.
Come closer! The flower commanded.
Angell blinked for couple of times, but then she lower on some rocky stairs, stepping on the freshly made path by the little blue flowers, which they were feared to be stepped on. Angell was looking straight ahead, and felt it like she was in a flower blue sea, approaching the rock from the middle, like an island. When finally she arrived there in front of the huge flower, the girl had to look up like to a tree. Then she realized that the flowers petals were like her palms. 
What is your name?
Angell Valentine Veriss.
And tell me, Angell Valentine Veriss, how come you are so sorrow? I can sense your soul burning inside.
I have issues. The girl said, bending her head.
I understand. I am aware of your story, my sweet child, and maybe from tonight on, the fortune can be yours, as the wheel turns in your favor.
Angell frown her eyebrows, watching again the flower.
What do you mean by that?
I only can tell you that I have the power to fulfill you a single wish, the most deeply and powerful one. But for this, you have to do something for me in exchange.
What exactly? The girl asked calm, being interested.
Be mindful. You have to take me away from the place, then to plant me in yours.
In mines? What do you mean? Angell asked confused.
Your place, where you live.
Oh, Ive got it. Angell said, automatically thinking at her enormous yard.
And pay careful Angell Valentine Veriss. You have to not forget to wet me in the day three from the calendar, with salty water took from the sea, before the dawn. You will make three steps, and from there you can collect water.
You mean every Wednesday? I have to do this for the rest of my life? She asked a little terrified thinking at the early mornings, when she was sleeping the best.  
Not all the rest of your human life, only until 14 full moons will pass. In the night when the third full moon will be up on the sky, your wish will be alive. We were cursed by the island goddess, to live far away from humans, in this cave. And any human who will take us from here, will have the supreme nightmare that is why you have to make tea out of us, harvesting flowers when the moon will raise up, do not pick flowers on day light, otherwise the effect will be no longer useful for your protection.
Angell thought that all of this were supposed to be a huge joke, but didnt say a word, even if questions, one after another, were crowding in her head. Who was actually the Goddess; even if Angell could swear that she read legends about her before. 
A lot of whishes passed her mind, like a strong torrent. From family, to success but still, in that moment, she just wished to disappear from everybodys life.
So, do you want to make a pact with me? The flower asked her.
Yes. I do. The girl said very decided. 
She took action without thinking, like she was hypnotized. She climbed the rock, hardly, grabbing the flowers thick roots, and then she grabbed with both hands the flowers stem and pulled. A strongly roars, like a thunder, filled the chamber like Angell just launched a grenade. The small blue flowers around, which were forming that carpet, dried suddenly, disappearing one by one like a grand domino. 
After a couple of minutes, Angell woke up in the torrential rain from outside the cave, with the blue flower in her arms, which started to get smaller and smaller until a kernel.
*
Amira look! The lights on! Sabrina shouted enthusiastic, pointing towards the house. Amira flinched when she saw that her cousin was right, and ran from the car in the storm which was unleashing like it was the end of the world. She entered the house drenched, looking around. After her, came along Sabrina and Doriss, then the Ravings with Marvell.
Angell? Amira shouted with tears in her eyes.
She observed some mud traces on the floor, which was leading to the kitchen.
Angell?
Amira stopped in the doors threshold with her heart exploding of happiness.
Angell was safe and sound, but far from being happy. She was looking terrible sad sand angry, seating on a chair, with her hair wet, having strands all over her face, and her dress, once impeccable, now destroyed. Her hands were full of mud, inclusive under her nails, a thing which suggested that the girl just dig the ground. 
She gaze them all, not saying anything, only got up from the chair, walking slowly. Everybody made her way except Marvell, who was watching her directly in her red eyes. She pushed him away gentle, walking to the main hall, then from there climbing the stairs, not saying a word.
Wow, this was a hell of a party. Mariuss said, being nudged by Serena and Lania.
In the next days which came, the sky was clear and the air was fresh and tenuous, pleasant for an autumn day. Angell and Amira didnt talk at all one to each other, because the girl was avoiding opening a subject with her mother, and especially that she was avoiding her looks. Amira instead, all the time tried to discuss about Lovin, annoying her daughter, and she was manifesting brutally, slamming the doors, throwing objects everywhere, and sometimes she was leaving the house, coming back late at night, only then maybe Amira will shut up.
The Ravings were visiting her very rare, knowing that their friend developed a violent manner, very irritated, mean and sometimes unbearable, and she didnt want for no one to come and visit her, staying closed in her room. On the colleges halls, Angell was walking with her head down, shouting sometimes at her professors. In an English class, Angell could not bare any longer to not make her teacher a bitch in heat, in English language, when the mentioned one scolded the girl. The teacher remained stoned because of the girls manner, once polite, and Angell left her class, going home.
The most affected one was Marvell, which was visiting her very often and all the time was going back home with his face red of anger, or sometimes of slaps. Amira calmed him, but even she didnt want to approach the Monster Angell.
Everyone from Moonlight was talking what happen at the wedding. Couldnt specify with certitude what actually happened. The truth was that Angell saw her father for the first time in her eyes.
The story was turned around many times, thereby some of them were saying that Amira remarried with Lovin and this thing was a shocker for their daughter, others were saying that Angell had an incestinal relationship with her father, not knowing that Lovin was one of her parent.
In those days of maximum stress, Angell weakens very visible, and the dark circles, werent late to come by under her eyes, once delicate, now empty like a dead man. And her hair was flatulent, untidy. But no one known that the Veriss girl planted in the back of her house, after some bushes and trees, the cursed flower of the island, Forget-Me-Not, which after the first watering, the flower grew under her eyes in less than a minute. The queen flower, how Angell called the big one, was around the trunk tree, and on the tree, at his roots, grown 200 forget-me-not flowers. Was like a blue tree moss. The flowers stopped moving, but instead Angell could communicate with them telepathic.
No one found out about the flowers, and probably no one will, because Angell knew how to hide them for good. The flowers tea was sore at tasting, and because of that Angell consumed all the sugar from the house, making Amira wondering if her daughter wanted to kill the pain in sweet. 
Chapter VI 
Pajamas Girls Night
(Back to top)
Angell also could easily find from the flowers, what others were doing on the island, like the flower was a spy transistor.
A month just passed away and the wheatear was transforming uglier and colder, because the autumn season was nearly to end, coloring the nature with pastel colors like orange, yellow or red. The clouds grey and sorrow were shaken off smooth and boring late autumn rains to the ground. 
In a gloomy Wednesday morning, Angell woke up at 5 am to go into the sea, taking salty water in a green sprinkler, special for the Forget-me-not flower. Therefor the wheatear wasnt in her favor and the sea water frozen her feet, but with hope in her soul for a better life, she was venturing in taking water, and who might be seeing her at that hour in the sea could easily say that the girl lost her mind.
Hello flower. Angell said, going towards and watering her.
All the time when the water was touching the flower petals, they were changing suddenly the color, erasing the blue and remaining only white like winter snow.
Good morning Angell. The flower answered, even if Angell could only hear her mentally.
The girl putted the sprinkle away, seeing a pinky line on the skyline, sign that the sun was preparing to climb the sky for another day. She kneels down right next to the flowers, thinking at Marvell, meditating at the boy with sparkle blue eyes. She made a big mistake against him, given the fact that she didnt bother to at least explain him what happened. She was pretty shore that the rumors, which were circulating around, worst then a flu, approached Marvells ears as well and so that Angell was shuddering at only the fact that Marvell thought about her as a dirty slut, which slept with her father.  She closed her eyes, like she just swallow something bad, and reopened them looking at the blue flowers.
Please tell me, where is Marvell?
Marvell Marvollio is right now at a swamp nearby.
At the Pond? I wonder what is doing there so early. Angell said, more for her.
Angell Valentine Veriss, he calls you.
Angell turned frowned to the flower.
What do you mean, he calls me?
He thinks about you. He wants to see you.
But what, he cannot call? Angell said, getting up.
I do not have the knowledge about what are you talking, but this man is thinking about you.
Angell didnt say a word after that, watching the pinky line, which was starting to get thicker, becoming slowly a red line. Maybe wasnt such a good idea to go at the Pound or 
The girl head back to the house, observing Dingo on the porch, crunching a plastic toy. Angell smiled when she saw him very preoccupied to take the toys head off. She looked at the street with her hand on the knob. Maybe was better for her to talk with him after all. 
Therefore, the girl took away her hand from the knob and walked on feet, with her hands crossed, and exit the yard in the street. The road to the Pound wasnt so far, so she didnt take the car. She watched again the east, seeing that the sun just woke up after the mountains, with his little head, and was throwing the first rays on the Earth. Angell smiled to it, thinking that will be a nice and warm day, even beautiful, and she thought at the fact that she could spend it with Marvell.
The way towards the Pound didnt last much, only 10 minutes or so, time when Angell was thinking intensity how she will tackle the situation, already pretty tense. She frighten that Marvell will shout at her, was better for him to beat her instead. And her heart came in the neck. Marvell was seating down on the wet grass, in front of a muddy small lake, near a weeping willow (The Pound was made of willows, which were connected beautifully with the forest, like an oasis of willows in the middle off the oaks and beeches forest). Angell stopped, and she felt her feet blocked, like they wanted to turn away and run back home.
Why did you come here Angell? Marvell said with his back on her, and the girl wasnt surprised that he knew that she was there. She lost even the smallest trace of courage, her face went white. She started to rub her hands, looking on the ground. She really didnt know what to say, was like she lost the ability to talk.
Marvell got up in his feet in a jumping, turning to the girl. Angell remained shocked when she saw him changed. He had dark circles under his eyes, sign that the nights was spending thinking at Angell. The eyes, once sparkle blue, were now cold, darkest, lost blue.
Well, I am listening.
Even if they were close to one another, Angell was still looking in the ground, and Marvell putted his hands in the pockets. He was wearing a jeans jacket, opened. 
The girl looked at him with tears in her eyes, then she said like was very close to burst into tears.
I I am sorry.
Therefore the girl turned away, running from the Pound, with the tears dripping on her cheeks. Was really hurting the fact that she was behaving cold and bad with him, that she was so diabolic. She was sorry for everything; because of her the nature of the things got broken, and went mad. Angell stopped running, walking slowly towards the house, in the forest, until she reached a paved road that came from the center. She walked on it, looking at the tall fir tree near the road, seeing how the sun shiny rays were playing among the green branches. 
Reaching finally home, she stopped scared when saw, that Marvell was seating on the fence, with his hands in the pocket, looking smiling at her. 
Why didnt you take the shortcut? He asked, smiling to her.
Angell didnt know how to react; she watched him lost with tears in her eyes. Marvell smiled with all his mouth.
Come here love. He said, starching his hand.
Angell smiled back and even laughed shortly, taking his hand, feeling his wefts on palm, and also Marvell specific warm, which Angell missed the most. Then the boy pulled her to him, taking her in his arms, and kissing the girl with so much passion. Then with his eyes closed, whispered to her.
I dont want you to go. I love you Angell.
I love you back Marvell, trust me. She said with a strangled voice. 
There, there, stop crying. Lets wash away what happened. He said looking in her eyes, petting her cheeks. 
Both of them started to laugh happily that they recovered one another from a heavy wandering road, and Angell pulled him in the courtyard, moment when Dingo abandoned his headless toy, barking like crazy, waving his tale with energy. 
Hey driveller, how are you doing? Marvell asked, letting himself licked by Dingo, who was more than happy. 
Angell laughed, and then she looked to her mothers room window from the ground floor. The curtains werent pulled on, which was suggesting that Amira left the house early. 
Angell was thinking; maybe wasnt such a good idea to call her, because was the risk that her mother will lie, and therefore only from one source she could find the truth. 
Marvell, I have to go to the bathroom, do you want something to drink? The girl said, thinking to go in the backyard without Marvell to know.
Yes, if you have juice or something like that.
I have orange juice or elder.
Elder thanks.
Come inside.
Marvell was still playing with Dingo, and he enters the house. The dog wanted to come inside too, but Angell stopped him.
No, you are not allowed! First you take a bath then you can come in.
The dog watched her with reproach, standing on the porch. Angell shut the door behind them, and Dingo upset went back to his toy, this time wanting to let it without his arms.
You dont let the puppy inside? Marvell asked, walking with Angell in the kitchen.
Yes, but right now he is like a pig. My mother abhors when she see mud on the floor or on the couch from the living room. I remember once when she woke up in the morning and she yelled so loudly that I thought first that someone tried to murder her.

Marvell was laughing, imagining the puppy seating like a king on the sofa, and all around the room were mud trance of paws. 
Angell opened the fridge, watching outside the window, seeing the bushes in question, and Marvell took a seat on the table, taking his jacket off. He was wearing a white blouse, molded, that Angell couldnt resist not admiring his muscle mass well contoured. Angell poured into a glass some elder juice, and then she kissed him on his lips.
Be right back. She said.
Angell went to her mothers bathroom from the ground floor and opened the window (lucky it was big), jumping from it, then she ensured that Marvell wasnt watching on the window in that moment, running easily towards the bushes. Dingo appeared behind her, pulling her skirt with his mouth, wanting to play.
Dingo! Not now! Go away! She said whispering, and the puppy watched her how she managed to slip like a spy in the bushes to the Forget-me-not flowers. 
Flower, please tell me, where is Amira Veriss?
The flower didnt answered fast, Angell was frowning her eyebrows, but then she heard the flowers thoughts.
My dear Angell Valentine Veriss, your mother is right now in the Sunshine town.
 I wonder why she is there.
She is at her birth house
Angell made big eyes. Since when she found out the truth about her real grandparents, she never thought at Amiras birth place before, which was in Sunshine town.
Angell smiled to the flower, looking like an idiot because she didnt know where the eyes were located, and went back to the bathroom, climbing the window. She heard a softly knocking on the door, then she immediately opened it.
Angell, are you alright? I think that I sat here and knock like for an hour.
Yes, I am fine. The girl said uncertain.
Good then. Marvell smiled, not wanting to become suspicious.
Marvell I have a request. Angell said, leaving the bathroom.
Tell me love.
I want to go in Sunshine.
Marvell grew his eyes.
Why?
My mother is right now there.
How do you know?
I called her! Said Angell, raising her hand up.
But I didnt hear you talking to the pho Marvell said, being suspicious.
Are you coming or not? If not, I will go by myself.
Ok, I am coming. He said smiling.
Angell rolled her eyes, and without Marvell to see, she bitted her lips.
*
On the road Angell was feeling better than before, but her happiness didnt fully come by in her life, she had only one thing to do. She was half happy that her dear boyfriend was next to her in the car. But how with one swallow does not make spring; Angell had other small missions to fulfill, like her mother and her friends. Arrived on the main road, which was uniting all the localities of Ieloharis Island, driving carefully, feeling her hand taken by Marvell and kissed it by time to time, making her soul to shine. As the where heading to Sunshine with the car, the landscape started to grow in forests, meadows which could steal your eyes, a lot of flower greenhouses and of course that the Pya mountains didnt left them, being the rocky mountains and sparsely wooded, which was stretching on all the east side of the island. The highest peak was near the OldStory town, named The Pure Top from the pureness of the Island Goddess named Amara, having 7.220 meters high, being so high that every time was hiding in the clouds. Sometimes it could be seen snow on the mountain.
We are in Sunshine. Marvell said, and Angell was a little afraid, because she never entered in that town, being for the first time there. She suddenly stopped, then turned the wheel on right side, entering the town, where at the entrance were some old fashion houses, but very beautiful like architecture, on a paved road. She stopped the car, seeing a rusty plate on which was written Elpida Str.
Now where do I go? Angell said, looking scared around. She observed a man which was busy downloading something from a red pickup truck; the girl parked the car at a tree shadow, getting off.
Be right back. She said to Marvell, and so the girl went to the busy man, which was carrying some sacks of grain.
Good day sir, I am sorry to bother you, but I have a question. Said Angell with polite.
Sure miss. The man said, putting down a heavy sack.
I am searching for a house and She started to say but was suddenly interrupted by the man, who was like he wanted to get rid of her.
Miss, I suggest you to search for a real estate company for that.
Wait a minute. I am not searching for a house to buy it. I am searching for a house which belonged to Veriss family, if somehow you know about that.
The man stretched his back, watching her suspicious.
Why are you searching that cursed house?
What do you mean cursed? Angell asked, even if she was regretting that question, hunching that the man will peeve her. 
What, you dont know about the Veriss curse?
No. Said Angell irritated. The Veriss Curse?
Yes, well it says that Amira Veriss killed her parents into that house, because they was refusing to let her live with a boy from the island. Then she killed herself; it says that there are some ghosts there.
Angell looked him with big eyes, and then started to laugh. She was expecting anything, but not that.
What is so funny young lady? The man asked offended.
My noble and kind sir, my name is Angell Veriss.
Are you relative?
Yes, I am Amiras daughter. You dont think that I am a ghost, do you?
The man dropped down the sack of bran, almost on his feet without saying a word.
Are you? He said like Angell told him that vampires were among humans.
Yes, for real. And I want to know where that house is, if you are kind.
You go straight ahead. The man started to say, showing her with his hand. Then you will reach the center. And then you have to turn to right until you will reach the Pepromeno Crossroad, ok, and then turn to left and you will find it. Is the only abandoned house in the area.
Thank you. The girl said coming back to the car with her smile on the lips. The man was watching her long, remaining stoned. 
When she got on the wheel, Marvell looked at her with weirdness because the girl burst into laughter.
Angell, are you ok?
Yes. I will tell you why I am laughing about.
The girl started the engine, and driving softly ahead, in the same time thinking at the rubbish which her ears heard. What did he mean that Amira murdered her parents? Anyway, she knew that her real grandparents were dead, much less than being killed. All this horrible rumors about the unknown part of her family, made Angell to get angry because she still wasnt aware of her mothers true life. 
Even if she knew her mother well, now she seemed like a new woman she just met. While she was telling Marvell the funny event with that man, the girl arrived at the mentioned crossroad, not knowing that from there all the story came, and then she turned the car towards the forest, climbing. 
My love, I hope that you dont believe these stupid rumors, right? Marvell said, looking carefully to Angell, like the girl was about to accuse her own mother of murder.
Good God Marvell, I am still mental health. Even if she would proof this thing I would still not believe.
Anyway, lets be serious ghosts? Marvell started to amuse himself. Since when the S.F. exists?
Angell smiled without answering. She wasnt that sure, thinking that she was talking to a magical flower back home. What normal human do this, if the fantasy doesnt exist in his life?  Even if Angell wanted so bad to tell the boy that he was wrong, preferred instead to shut up before she could be considerate a lunatic.
Angell, isnt that the house we are looking for? Marvell said, after when the two of them exited the forest.
Indeed, Angell paid attention to a house left in heath, where the ivy took hold on the house front, once beautiful, and the roof was seating almost to fall down.
I think so.
The girl parked the car in the front of the house, and with Marvell, she got off. She looked around, seeing the wilderness. Two crosses in the courtyard, were symbolizing that there really something odious happened.
This is your parental mothers house? Marvell asked, watching easily amazed the landscape.
I guess so.
Angell entered the yard, walking towards the two graves. She saw some lite candles freshly putted, sign that someone was recently there. Angell read on the rotten wood crosses, the carved names.
Doloress Veriss. Born in 1947, died in 1989. Angell read the first one. Marvell got next to hear, reading the second cross.
Gefred Veriss. Born in 1937, died in 1989.
My real grandparents. Angell said with compassion, petting softly the rotten wood, in sign of pity.
Marvell putted his hand over her shoulders, seeing in the girls eyes, the tears.
Now I really do hate that I was lied. Angell said.
This is it. I think your mother had a strong reason, Angell. 
Yes. Lets go inside the house. The girl said.
It doesnt look so secure.

I dont care. I will go.
I want for you to do this by yourself. I will wait for you at the car if you will need anything. He said.
Fine. Angell said, smiling to him.
The boy lends over her, kissing her cheek then turned away back to the car, with his hands in the pockets. The girl looked at the house, going towards it.
Inside was empty, the dust was omnipresent, and the spiders webs, woven everywhere, was a sign that the house didnt had masters for a long time. The girl was in the small hall, which was heading to the kitchen and living room, and she went to the wooden stairs, climbing it to the other floor. The stairs was creaking under the girls pressure, and Angell was afraid that at one point she will remain stuck with one of her foot inside the step.
Arrived at the second floor, she saw two mahogany doors, and one of them was jarred, hearing someone signing a softly lullaby. The girl looked around from the doors crack, and saw Amira on a bed, with red baldaquines ate by moths, carrying in her hands an ugly dirty doll. Angell easily pushed the door, without making a noise.
You know, when I was little my mother use to say to me that if I will not have a strong and rich family I will be in the peoples laughter. Amira said, without taking her eyes from the doll.
Angell looked around. Amiras room, once clean, was a totally mess. The wardrobe was jaded, full of dust, and at every corner she could see spider webs. The windows were quite dirty, and the floral wallpapers were peeled, revealing the rotten wood walls.

Mother
Angell. Amira said full of tears, watching her. Why did you come here? It is a painful past which well, should not be disclosed.
Why? The girl said, taking a seat on the bed, launching dust in the air.
Because I dont know, maybe I was afraid that you will discover my past.
Mom, only you and me are left. If we dont trust each other, what will become of our left family?
You are right, and I am so sorry Angell, I really am.
Angell saw that her mother was truly regretting.
I forgive you mother. And I am sorry too.
You look so much like my mother. Amira said smiling. Same stubbornness, same beauty, unconcerned in appearance, but with the soul charged of worries for others.
Doloress Angell said, looking at Amira with a smile.
Yes. Doloress Veriss. The one which, to save me from my fathers rage, she killed him.
Angell scowled.
But what Gefred did to you mother?
My father found out from Lovin that I will have a child with him, and on that time, was an enormous shame for a girl at 16 years old to be pregnant. In a moment he got mad, wanting to kill me.
And your mother saved you?
Yes, she saved me. Amira said sighing, looking fixed at the dust who was dancing in the sun rays which were tormenting to enter from the dirty window.
But, full of regrets, my mother didnt stand the idea that she could harm someone, just as you do not bear it as well. And so, she hanged herself in the backyard. My aunt, or how you thought, grandmother Creselda arrived next day, and cried so much that everyone was thinking that she will have a heart attack. I was unconscious, had a break down she took me safely in Moonlight, at her and Sabrinas house. She took care of me like I was her own daughter, and she loved you so much, like she was a truly grandmother to you. Sabrina as a teenager ran away from home, breaking her mothers heart. She died when Sabrina apologized to her. You were very small back then. Creselda made me to swear that you will have a normal life, without knowing the truth and by you, our family to triumph. Amira said, turning to her daughter which remained stoned.
So this is the reason?
Yes. I wanted so bad to tell you so many times, but a promise is a promise. I couldnt. I loved her too much.
The woman got up with the doll in her hand. Angell remained amazed, everything made sense.
But mother, Lovin? Did he reappear in your life?
No, because he found out that I was gone, and neither had he known where I was. He searched me long time. He started his life, getting married with a beautiful ieloharian woman, but she left him; she was alcoholic and therefore he remained alone, knowing that on this island he has a child.
That is the reason he came to the wedding. Said Angell, getting up.
Yes. Sabrina wanted very much to reunite us, to meet his daughter. But Lovin knew that you are his girl.
But he didnt say a word to me about this! Angell said revolting.
Its true. He didnt tell you because he was afraid. But you found out without your will, and I for one didnt want any more to see him.
Angell watched the dust from the rays, thinking. The truth was a really monster.
Mother. The girl said, turning her face to shes. I want to visit Lovin in Sareville.
Excuse me? Amira said glum, watching her daughter like the last one mentioned just hit her head.
Honestly, I really want to see him mother, everything has to be fixed. I am still his daughter.
But Angell Said her mother pretty scared by that suddenly wish.
I didnt ask your permission. If you want, you can come with me and Marvell in Sareville, if not we will take you back home.
Amira was biting her lips, strongly thinking, and feeling her heart bumping harder in her chest.
Fine Angell, I will come with you.
Angell smiled with all her heart, hugging her mother.
After a couple of minutes, Marvell was playing on his cell phone, very annoyed that he was losing all the time.
Come on! He said loudly, not noticing that Amira and Angell were coming from the house, happy as can be.
Mother, who owns now this house? Angell said.
Me of course, I left it in the past, thats why looks like that.
Well we just have to reconstruct it, what do you think? Said Angell. It will be like a holiday house.
Good idea.
The two of them reached Marvell, and Angell scowled see that the boy was paying attention to the cell phone game, moment when he woke up without it, because the girl just took it from his nose.
Hey! Oh, good day Mrs. Amira.
Hello Marvell.
Marvell we have decided to change the direction. Angell said, giving back his cell phone.
Meaning?
We will go in Sareville. The girl said smiling.
Why?
Because of that. I will tell you on the road. Come on.
She always makes like that, leaving me dyeing of curiosity. Marvell said, getting in the car, making Amira to laugh.
They started the engine and off they go. Angell was watching cheerfully the review mirror, seeing her mother pretty sulky but at least everything was at peace, she had only one thing to do.
She took her cellphone from her pocket, turning to left and heading on the highway, to reach Sareville.
Who are you calling Angell? Marvell said, softly curious.
I will call to find out an address. She said smiling, taking the cell to her ear.
Sabrina, how are you girl?
Angell? Hey honey, I am fine at work, how are you?
Very well, I am going to Sareville with my mother and Marvell.
Sareville? What are you doing there? Come and visit us? Sabrina said in a funny way, but Angell smiled ironically saying:
I thought that you were living on the continent Sabrina.
Well, now you know the truth.
Yeah. I called you to tell me something. Where is Lovin working?
Excuse me? Marvell and Sabrina at the phone, said in choir.
Amira sighed, watching the Pya Mountains.
You heard me. Dont try to hide this thing from me Sab, I will still find out either way. So, spit it out.
Angell, if I will tell you, promise me that you will not do something reckless.
What do you thing I will do? Kill him?
Well, no comment. It is all your right. Lovin is working at the Oriental Orange company, on the White-Poppy street no. 3. Go in and ask. He is the director anyway. Good luck Angell.
Thanks Sabrina. Angell said, closing the phone.
Well, what did she said? Amira asked curiously.
I found out where he works. Hope I will find the right place.
The three of them just passed the sign board which was written Old-Story Left, which was directing them between the mountains, but they continued the road straight ahead. In the car Amira was telling them about her teenage relationship with Lovin, making the two lovers to look with passion to one another. Angell was thrilled that her mother was opening her past even in front of Marvell, meaning that she had faith in him.
I remember that I had 15 years old, I was pretty, long and rich dark hair. Was the Rain Festival then in Sunshine. My mother brought me to the fair. The Rains Daughter at that time was Mirabella, a very 16 years old beautiful girl.
 But mother. Angell interrupted her. I thought that only 20 years old girls were allowed to be the Rains Daughter.
Ah, not only. This 20 years old rule is now, back then was different. After her, I supposed to be next, but anyway. Then at the fair I remember that my father came by, Gefred, very drunk. There we met Mrs. Kenilla, Lovins mother. She was a good friend with my mom. She presented to us her son, Lovin Rivertmen.
But mom, if they were in the same town with you, doesnt mean that you already knew him?
Well I heard about him, that was the most wanted boy in the island, because was very handsome. My mother kept me away from him intentionally, but how my father got drunk, my mother had no choice but to let Mrs. Kenilla take care of me. I remained with them, watching the show. Lovin wanted to whisper something to my ear; he dragged me in the forest. And, full of emotions, told me that he likes me very much, and he felt in love with me. I remember that I was looking directly in his flaming greenish eyes, I was very lost in them.
And you accepted to be his lover? Angell said, overcoming a white car. 
Not suddenly. It followed a week in which he was sending me letters, and in one night he told me to meet him in the Suns Glade. There we kissed.
Angell shouted her mouth, not wanting to ask her about what happened next. Amira looked outside lost in her own thoughts, to the mountains, and some long gone words came in her mind.
Amira I love you I I want you to be my wife.
Look, we enter right away in the city. Marvell said.
The road was split in two, one going to Careville and the other one to Sareville. Angell turned the car to the left side, entering the road which was carrying them where they wanted to be. The city of Sareville was at the foot of Pya Mountains, and a river was cutting the way, pouring directly into the sea, which could be seen at the distance, between the mountains which were ending up as hills. 
The I.I.T. tower (Ieloharis Island Television) was the highest point from the city, if you dont count the 2.000 high mountains behind. Angell turned again, entering on the SilverGate Bridge, where the road was leading them on the right. The bridge was huge, having four bands, and the citys buildings were starting to appear on their eyes, while they were heading towards the city.
The Asimi River decreased so badly. Once it was reaching the bridge. Amira said, looking down to the river which was coming from the mountains. Marvell looked on the other part, seeing how the river was softly turning to right, after the mountains, going to the sea.
I really dont want to know how deep the river is. Angell said, entering the city. 
The city of Sareville wasnt much different then the Careville, being more smaller, and the road which came from the bridge was going straight ahead until the mountains, and in sides was crossing with other streets. Angell stopped the car on a small street, getting off. The truth is the she never was in Sareville city, and she had no idea where to go.
 I am sorry to bother you. She said to a lady, which was waiting the tram in a station nearby. Can you please tell me where the White-Poppy Street is?
Yes. You go straight up on the main road, then after the Ieloharis Bank, you take the Poppy Street. You will see the sign board. Are three streets which are crossing it. One of them is the White-Poppy. The woman said polite.
Thank you. Angell said, going back to the car.
Well, did you find out? Marvell said.
Yes.
And she started the engine, going to the pointed direction. They were climbing easily with the car on the main road, seeing lots of stores and colored buildings. Finally she saw the I.B. sign from Ieloharis Bank, and turned to the right on the Poppy-Street. 
Look Angell, the Oriental Orange. Marvell said, pointing with his finger so suddenly that Angell flinched. 
Good God Marvell, you were so close to take my eye off.
Sorry.
Angell, my dear, just so you know that I am not getting off to talk with him. Amira said prompt, while her daughter was parking the car between two glass dressed buildings.
But I never asked you this.
Therefore the girl made a sign to both of them that she will be right back, and so she went ahead to the building entrance. The glass doors were self opening when Angell made room to enter, climbing some stairs, attached by a red carpet, reaching the main hall. She observed a woman with glasses and bovine face like, standing on a computer, at a desk.
God day, please be kind and tell me where is Lovin Rivertmen? Angell said with a smile on her face.
Right away honey! She said on a tone that bothered Angell. She wrote something on the keyboard, and Angell was surprised how she could write with that horrible and fake nails, longs like an eagle and pink, then she drink from her coffee, without looking at Angell, further typing then she suddenly returned to Angell with a fake smile.
What are you saying honey?
 This time Angell cut her smile from the lips, replacing it with a cruel expression on her face. That sow from her face didnt paid attention at what she said? Seemed to be that be kind was not in the womans mental vocabulary. A similar question popped up in her head: Listen you dirty slut! Where the fuck is that corpse Rivertmen desk?
I asked where the corp I mean Lovin Rivertmen desk, its urgent.
She was so attached by the mental question that was so close to bring it into reality.
Yeah, the thing is that Mr. Rivertmen is the director of this company. I can say that
Listen! Angell got mad, letting go the kind tone which she just displayed couple of minutes ago, replacing it with a sharp one. I didnt ask you what job your boss has, or other stuff! But where is he!
But even the receptionist didnt let go at her arrogant tone, on the contrary, it worsen.
Please behave like a normal person miss. Mr. Rivertmen cannot be disturbed by an oafish like you. Therefore you have to make an appointment before
You make an appointment to a psychiatrist you idiot! Im his daughter!
And with those words perfect described by Lovins daughter, she got away from the secretary who remained with her mouth opened, walking with quick steps on the main stairs, so quick that if the floor was made of glass, was very shore that she could crack it. The girl ran on the red carpet, up, reaching the first level, being softly confused because she didnt know where to search for him, the building was big enough. The second floor was pretty quadratic, with a small hall which was heading to a bathroom. There were five doors at some distance, and the white marble floor was cleaned shiny, sign that the company was very important. Exactly when Angell thought to return unbalanced back to the car, a chubby woman came out from a room, on the door which was written Secretary, carrying two coffee cups, going to the bathroom.
Honey, can I help you? The woman said, seeing Angell so confused.
Yes. Can you tell me please where Lovin Rivertmen has his office? She said, waiting a negative answer.
I dont think its indicated sweetie. You have to make an appointment.
The woman smiled to her and answered with warmth, beside that down floor hypocrite.
In that moment, Angell remembered a scene with her friends in the Amiras silvery car.
So, are you playing the guild card? Lania asked.
Me? Good God no. I tell you what your attributions are, if you care of course.
When the woman was heading to the bathroom, Angell stopped her once more, having a card up in her sleeve.
Do you have children? Angell asked her, making the woman turning surprised to her.
Excuse me? The woman asked, easily confused, not understanding from where to where be that question which didnt had a link to what the girl was searching for.
I asked you if you have children, if you are a mother. Angell said with calm, not knowing clearly where she wanted to go with it.
Yes, two, but why you ask?
Lets put it in this way, that if one of your children or even both of them would not know who their father is, and after 20 years they would wish to see him. Would you stop them?
Oh Lord, dear girl. Not at all, I would never do this. But my children have a father. The woman said with her hand on her chest.
I wasnt talking about you madam, but about me. I am the lost daughter to say so, and Mr. Lovin Rivertmen is my father. Angell ends up promptly, softly balancing on her feet toes, like the girl just told a jock.
Lord poor or you. But I didnt know that Mr. Rivertmen is married and has children. The woman whispered, getting closer to her. Angell guessed automatically why she was doing that. The Secretary Room door was cracked, and inside was totally silence, even if two of the womans colleagues were there, a clue which made Angell to smile.
Yes. I mean he is a bachelor, but because of a love teenage affair, apparently innocent, I came into the world.
The woman gave Angell other look then before in her big eyes, and the girl was very satisfied to see pity in them.
In this case Mr. Rivertmen is at the 7 floor, first door to the left. But please do not tell him that you found out from me, otherwise
Dont worry, I will not. Trust me. The girl said, quite happy.
Therefore she headed to the elevators metal doors, calling it. She waited quietly while she was balancing on her feet with her hand at the back.
The elevator came, and the metal doors opened aside, making room for Angell to enter. The first sight she thrown was at the elevators mirror, pushing the 7 button. She arranges a little bit the hair, and the scarf which she was wearing at her neck. She really didnt know what she would say to him, and in the trip time from Sunshine to Sareville, she made a lot of plans, words, phrases, and ideas which stabbed her mind, but being so close to her father, everything evaporated, that she really wasnt able of talking. And the thought that she was so close to watch him differently at the wedding, like a potential partner. Angell smacks her forehead, to chase away that thought from her head.
The elevator stopped softly, and then a final ding, the metal doors opened and Angell was very dry of ideas then was ever before. The floor was smaller and Angell was wondering if how higher you get, the smaller the floors are, in such way that at the last floor the elevator was crunching directly in the office. At the elevators sides where only two doors and one of them was cracked, and on the glass was written Director. Angell got closer to the entrance door, having her heart small like a flea. She stood carefully to listen, hearing the unmistakable voice of Lovin, furthermore one nervous and agitated.
Bod! I told you before, and I will tell you last time! If the insurance its not done, we are fucked and I dont desire this thing to happen. Do something, anything, get that land, if not, you can say goodbye to your job!
And slammed the phone on the desk, Angell looked easily amazed at him. Lovin fallen in the front desk chair, turning to the window, with his face buried in his hands.
Angell didnt knock at the door, thinking that she could catch him inside, without him to run away. The room was clean but messy, and smelling of perfume. Two wood closets with shiny glass, were next to the grey desk, on which was a computer, and lots of papers and the phone, which a minute ago Lovin was yelling at it.
A dwindling plant was squeezed between the two wooden closets full of folders. The chair with a tall backrest was still with the back to the desk, in front of the window, and the man from it sighed with all his force, being obviously stressed.
This is what I was missing! He started to talk. He turned suddenly continuing to talk, looking down to his cellphone, not seeing that his daughter just took a seat on a chair near the door. If I dont catch that land, which is the best from the area I can say bye to
He stopped suddenly because in the moment he raised his eyes to the entrance door saw Angell, flinching strongly like he just saw a ghost. He just stoned, looking at her scared, with his green sparkly eyes, fixed upon Angell, who was smiling and got up easily.
Hello Lovin. I hope I didnt scare you that much. She said with a ton, which was rather amused then serious. 
Oh no yes Hello! I didnt what a surprise!
Dont be afraid, you can calm down. I didnt come here to argue with you, or to finish what I have started. I came to you to apologize.
Lovin seemed and was for sure confused, only from his face expression which he displayed. Was clear that he was just thinking at that night when Angell slapped the hell out of him.
Ah yeah he said like he wanted to force that memory to leave him.
Can I talk to you?
Sure. Please take a seat.
Lovin pointed the empty chair from the front of the desk, smiling for the first time, and Angell felt unusual warmth, very different than what she felt before, sitting elegant, with her legs crossed.
Dont worry, is nothing, really. You didnt make a mistake Angell, trust me. He said a little embarrassed.
Oh yeah! Of course I did, I wasnt supposed to hit you like that, I was supposed to
Dont worry, Lovin interrupted her. If I was in your place probably I would do the same, maybe even worst.
Yeah yes whatever.
The man smiled with more warmth, showing his all white and straight teeth, seeing her frustrated, and he seemed to be more relaxed then he was a minute ago.
God Angell, you look so much like your mother. Only that I have a small contribution at your beauty. Lovin said.
Yes, the green eyes and the light brown hair.
Yes. I am really sorry
Hey! I thought I was the one who was apologizing here!
Both of them started to laugh, like they were old friends at a drink in a bar. Then Lovin suddenly frowned, looking at Angell closely.
But Angell, how did you knew that I was working here?
Eh, well, a bird just told me. She said sneaky.
No really, from where did you know?
Well Sabrina told me, your sister in law.
Lovin laughed short.
She is not my sister in law; she is your mothers cousin.
I know. But, how you know each other?
Well I know her husband very well. Doriss and I went to college together. So weve decided to start our own company. He is my partner.
Nice, like in family. Angell smiled with meaning, even if for her surprised, Lovin didnt get it.
Therefore but my office, at what floor is I hope you didnt search all the building for it.
Ah no. A secretary just told me from the first floor. I mean Angell woke up, making big eyes. You didnt hear anything.
For her relief, Lovin laughed plentiful, knowing that she wasnt supposed to tell him that.
Dont worry for Ms. Pompy, Angell. She is the best from this building. She would help a thief getting in. She will not now that you told me.
I have faith in you. Angell said smiling.
I am glad to hear that. Said Lovin with a big smiled, and as well as serious.
So at first I asked your secretary from down stairs, but I was this close (she showed him the big finger and the index finger, close to each other) no to beat her there. She told me that I need an appointment.
Well yes. But yeah, seems to be that here you look alike your mother. She liked to step on the rules as well as you are.
What do you mean? Angell asked, not seeing her mother stepping on such a thing.
Well she was dating me in secret, but after all, her parents found out and they accept it.
Lovin, do you have siblings? Angell asked suddenly, making Lovin raising his eyebrows.
No. As far as I know.
OK. Pay attention to me. I have an idea. She said smiling.
Something tells me that I will not like this. Lovin said joking, with a big smile on his face.
Trust me, you will love it. What if you would come in Moonlight to visit us, at least for one day?
Wha what?
I asked you only if you want to come and visit us.
Lovin seemed shocked like all his dreams came alive. He jumped from the chair. Angell watched him amazed in a good way.
Seriously? He said excited. Youre not joking, right?
Do I look like I joke?
Well
Dont answer that. Angell laughed.
God yes! YES!
Angell felt her skin like goose bumps. She never saw a person that happy.
Then we will wait you. You can come tomorrow
On the evening?
Yes, its perfect. Here is our address. She said, taking a paper and writing it down.
Perfect. Thank you so much Angell, really. He said with tears in his eyes, like Angell just saved him from the death, even if Angell thought that for him was equivalent.
Do not forget that is Moonlight. Do not forget.
*
WHAT?! Amira shouted in the car, when Angell just told her and Marvell, the father-daughter discussion she had, going back to Moonlight.
Angell, are you out of your mind? How could you invite him to us without asking me?
Mother, for the last time Her daughter said already exasperated. He is my father! I called him from my part. So please stop comment. After you hide him from me 20 years, now you do not wish for me to catch up with him?
Its not fair Angell. You cannot accuse me like that, I had my reasons.
Yes, good, agreed, therefore please shut up.
Marvell looked worried at Angell, who was paying attention at the road. He never heard talking to her mother like that. Amira bitted her lips, fearing that her daughter was pulling the past in the picture with a stainless chain.
Mother, calm down, ok? Everything will be alright, youll see. The girl said, smiling to her from the review mirror.
Yes. The woman said reluctantly.
Angell didnt say a word for the rest of the road, being too much happy, thinking at Lovin when he will come. Arrived in Moonlight, Angell stopped suddenly the car in front of the fence. Amira got out with undesirable speed, like in the car was a time bomb ready to explode.
Marvell, can you get out for a minute? I have to call someone.
Should I be jealous? Marvell joked with a bit of seriously in his voice.
You really have nothing to fear, this is a thing with the Ravings.
Ah, ok.
So Marvell smiled to her, kissing her cheek, then took off his seat belt and got off, walking slowly towards the house, and Dingo wasnt late to appear, waving his tail with energy.
Hello? A known voice answered.
Hey Serena, its me Angell.
Angell! I cannot believe that you called. God girl, are you alright? What happened to you?
I do not have time to tell you know, but I invite you and Lania tonight at my place. We will watch a movie, eating, talking.
Yeah why not, would be great. You own me an explanation. Serena said.
Of course. Come by at 8 oclock, both of you. Bring your pajamas.
Ok girl, kiss you and see you.
Me too. Bye.
Angell smiled, getting off the car, watching at her cellphone. Marvell was still playing with Dingo in the courtyard, getting tired, laughing.
Marvell, lets go inside. At 8 my girls will come by to sleep at my place.
What girls?
What do you mean what girls? Mariuss and Emell of course.
Both of them started to laugh, and Angell didnt paid attention when Dingo ran unto her with his head straight, hitting her legs, making her to fall down.
Dingo!
Good boy Dingo, my soul friend. Marvell said, sitting over Angell, lying in the grass.
The two of them started to kiss, then Marvell watch her with love, petting her.
God Angell, I love you so much. I was so lucky with you.
I love you too Marvell, honestly. But you can get off from me now, until my mother will not see us, otherwise we will be both in trouble.
Too late for that, the woman was smiling behind the curtains.
The sun was setting bored, throwing its last orange rays before it would enter the sea.
Angell arranged everything, by the book, typical for her and was waiting for her friends to arrive.
So many foods in your room, is like you girls are preparing for the World War Three. Amira said, seeing the girls room.
Mom, dont stress me.
At eight and so, the door ring and Serena with Lania came inside the house. When the three of them saw each other, started happily to scream and the regrets wave came by.
I am so sorry
Me too.
Really, I am sorry.
Therefore they climbed the stairs to Angell room in Amiras amusement moment, who was laughing in shadows.
The teenage drama queens. She said, going to the living room.
So, let me tell you the fresh gossips. Serena started, taking a seat on the bed, while Angell closed the door. Lania has a boyfriend. Can you believe it? I mean Lania?
Hey, I am still here. The girl said, changing her cloths to the pajamas, a thing which the other two started to do.
Really Lania? Who? Angell said, like she would never believe it.
I will let you guess.
Covel, Derek?
Girl, let Derek alone. He is mine. Serena said, already changed.
What? Angell got amazed. For real? But I thought you guys didnt get along, being one of Marvells idiotic friends.
You know, he is not that idiot how he looks.
Lania, do not touch them! Angell said, seeing that the girl was already serving from the food.
Why not? You didnt put them here only to admire them, right?
Yeah. But do not touch the cakes, yet.
Lania got surprised, and grabbed some candies from a bowl.
And by the way, you? Who is the mysterious boyfriend? Angell asked, seating next to Serena on the bed.
Lets say that he hangs out with us very often, and we know him very well.
Dont tell me that is Emell. Angell said.
Of course he is.
Angell remained a little shocked.
Lania, you know what the rule is, right?
But what about the thing that we like each other? Now I have to ignore my feelings because of the stupid rule?
I have to agree with her, Angell. Serena said as well.
Yeah but if they will split out, our gang will split as well. This was the rule, and you both accept it.
Come on Angell! They will not break up.
Angell looked at Serena then Lania, easily getting angry that they didnt respect the golden rule of their friendship, it was that none of them will not fall in love with Mariuss or Emell. Angell knew that Emell and Lania were in the past a couple and Emell liked Lania since then, not otherwise.
Whatever. Seems to be that what I have to say doesnt matter anymore.
Lets not make a drama out of this. Serena said, taking a pillow and throwing it in her head.
Oh yeah? You will see it coming! Angell said, taking the pillow, and thrown in Serenas head.  
After a couple of minutes of pillow fight, in which Angell came out very creased, the three girls were sitting nicely on the bed, eating chips and the green eyes girl told them about the meeting with Lovin.
And you forgive him? Serena said, like she couldnt believe it.
Yes, anyway it wasnt his fault. Even he told me that he proposed to my mother to raise together a family, but my mom refused him. Lovin moved in Sareville, where he started the college then him and his best friend, Sabrinas husband, opened together a company. The name is Oriental Orange.
I heard about that company. Serena said thinking. My house has the Oriental Orange signature; its a building company, right?
Yes. And interior design.
Hey! Lania suddenly shouted, making the other two to flinch. I have a brilliant idea. Lets play a cool game.
What game? Hopscotch? Serena was laughing, making Angell to drown in her soda.
Ha, ha, no. You and Derek can play Hopscotch.
Touch! Angell said.
But what kind of game, my beauty one. Serena asked Lania in an ironic way.
It is a kind of test. I have it in my laptop. In a test which you create you dream boy. It shows you pictures and all. It creates him after this test
Angell looked at Serena, both of them smiling. Angell wasnt aware what to say, considering that her dream boy was Marvell and probably the test will show him.
Ok, lets do it. You will see that our boyfriends will come out.
Therefore Lania jumped happily from the bed, gladly that she made her friends listening. While Lania was taking her laptop from a backpack, a white cat, Snowy, came softly, climbing the bed in Serenas lap, and started to purr like a little white furry car engine.
Good. Who is first?
Clearly Serena. Angell said.
And why me, may I ask?
Because I want to see how it is.
Fine.
They spend 20 minute, amusing actually, moment when Serena was answering at Lanias questions, and she was checking in the game. The result of the test made Angell to drown because of laughter, Serena to fall down on her back, and Snowy to get upset, running from her lap, and Lania to put her head on the keyboard, laughing. Serenas imaginary boyfriend was called Seren Shitess, having red skin, full of acne. Describing like describing, but the picture which the game displayed, made the three friends to not stop laughing. Next was Angell, and after a while of laughing, Lania started to put her questions, and Angell, which didnt wish to mock the test like Serena did, was answering honestly, sometimes bursting into laughing when she was seeing Serenas face.
Ok Angell done, the guy looks very good. Lania said after some minutes.
She turned the laptop to Angell, which had some shortly rounds of laughing, suddenly stopping, her smile vanishing from her angelic face. Serena was looking frowned at the picture.
Girl, he looks so hot. She said.
Angell remained mute. She never imagined such a perfect boy, so beautiful. She felt her blood running into her veins, directed by the quickly pumping heart from her chest.
Angell? Are you alright? Lania asked, seeing that she was looking fixed, not blinking, on the screen.
Y yeah.
Give him a name. Lania said.
Kristall, Kristall Carter. Angell said.
Lania turned back the laptop, making Angell coming back on earth. Was very odd, she felt it like she just fall in love with a picture, with a virtual imaginary boy. She already hated Lanias game.
Can I save the image? Angell said agitated.
Yes, but
She continues no longer, because Angell jumped from the bed, running towards her small office near her room. Serena and Lania were changing worried looks about her friend. Angell came back into her room with her laptop.
Here is my data cable. Angell said, giving Lania a white cable, and she connected it in her laptop. Angell was shaking when saw that the image was transferring with success on her laptop, and then she saved the picture.
Angell, are you feeling ok? Serena asked.
Yes yes. She said, not taking her eyes from the screen.
Serena closed her laptop, putting her hand on the monitor, living it down.
I mean that if you really feeling ok.
Yeah man, I am fine. Lets watch a movie.
Even though Serena didnt believe a damn, Lania was pleased by this idea because she finally can touch the food, especially the cakes. Tempted by the scent, the white cat came back in the room, and Angell took her away in the hall, closing the door after her.
After midnight, the movie was for a long time done, and Lania was sleeping deep, full of sweets, sleeping without worries. Instead Serena and Angell were seating in the balcony with two cups of hot chocolate, to talk in peace, especially that they werent feeling exhausted. That night was very pleasant and beautiful, warm, with the moon almost full on the sky full of stars.
Serena, did ever happen to you to have a crush on something that doesnt exist? Angell seriously asked her.
Not quite. On things or what do you mean?
Chapter VII 
The wish
(Back to top)
I mean on persons, maybe imaginary ones.
Angell, dont tell me that you fall in love with Kristall Carter!
I think so Serena I am so confused.
Its not good! Its not good at all. Its never OK to fall in love with something that doesnt exist, otherwise you could get mad. You will start to see him everywhere, talking to him anywhere, when actually you are talking alone. I personal advice you to erase that picture from your laptop and to concentrate on your relationship that you have. Marvell is real, and he loves you, Angell.
Yes, you are right. Angell said, not convinced by her own words.
By the way, I forgot to tell you. Did you hear that Vanilla committed suicide?
What? How? Why?
Well she killed herself with a sheet from her cell.
It doesnt surprise me.
And are you glad of this? Serena asked, taking a drink from her warm chocolate.
No. Why to be glad? That she tried to murder me?
Serena nodded her head, holding her cup tight. The truth was that Angell didnt hat her.
She was simply blinded of envy that I was in the middle of attention. I feel sorry for her. You know, once we were really friends. When we first met, but she saw that I was ending up in the spotlight and she transformed herself that way.
What can I say, God forgive her. Serena said, and Angell could distinguish the carelessness in her voice.
In the next morning, Angell was feeling much better than the night before and she meets Marvell, and together they took a walk in Careville city. He was making the girl effectively to forget everything bad, especially to take her mind of Kristall. She really cared about their relationship, but something was like holding her from stepping ahead, something not erased from her laptop.
October came and the heat was no longer ruling the island, it evaporated once with the passing month. 
In a Wednesday morning, when the girl with emerald eyes was watering the blue flowers, the queen addressed to the girl. In that moment she was watching the grey sky and flinched when she heard the queen speaking, like she wasnt yet used with that.
Angell, in this night the moon will be full for the third time. I hope you are prepared.
Yes. The girl lied.
In this night, at three in the morning, you have to lit 14 candles, and putt them around me, and then you have to step barefoot on the flowers. You will burn an object of your desire and you will cast the ash over us.
Cool. I have a question though. Where is Lovin? Angell asked, sort of worrying, because Lovin didnt appear for two nights before, even if he had to come when the girls made their small gather.
Lovin Rivertmen it is on his way, he just enters the Moonlight land. The flower replied.
Angell made eyes wide at the flowers affirmation, and jumped literally in the air being happy, throwing the sprinkler in a part. She was heading towards the yard; with her white with black spots dog, Dingo, who was barking crazy.
A car could be heard how it was approaching the house, and Angell exit the yard to welcome the guest, but suddenly an idea came in her mind. She hided herself after a thick tree, which was linking the house yard to the road, seeing a spacious automobile, black colored, and a man, pretty handsome, got out from it.
Angell jumped over him, trying to scare him, but he was pretending that her plan was fulfilled. 
Angell, I could get a heart attack. He said smiling, hugging her.
I should slap you once more. You didnt come on time, meaning now two nights ago. We are already in 1 October. The girl said, not upset.
I know, and I am very sorry, really. I was caught at work.
I believe you, scouts honor.
Lovin laughed, looking around pretty amazed. He woke up with Dingo behind him, who smelled him very curiously, not knowing who he was.
Dingo, this is my father, Lovin. Lovin, this is my sweet puppy, Dingo.
Hey Dingo. Lovin said, getting down on his knee, and shaking the dogs paw. He automatically started to play.
Suddenly Amira appeared at the fence, being curious. Lovin was playing with Dingo, but then he rose up, and in the moment when he saw Amira, his teenage smile disappeared from his face, with a blink of an eye. Angell was looking at both, seeing their expression on their faces, and then she sarcastic smiled.
I will leave you alone. Lovin, I will take your luggage in the guests room. Angell said, going to the trunk. Lovin ignored her, paying attention to Amira.
Angell took his trolley and a backpack, closing the trunk, making Amira to come back from the clouds.
Angell, let me help you with that. She said, but the girl protested.
No thanks, I can handle them. She said, making a sign with her head to Lovin, who remained like hypnotized.
Angell went into the house, opening the door. She looked behind and saw that her parents started to talk, a thing which was a good start. Arrived at the guests room, next to her own one, Angell throw the luggage, grabbing her hip, and looking on the window being curious, having her heart small like a flea. A large smile appeared on her face when she saw her parents kissing with passion. She started to shout out of happiness and to dance, manifesting her joyful. She was happy even for the fact the she was having finally the both parents, and their teenage feeling seemed to be that didnt disappeared. 
If she wouldnt find the flower of Forget-Me-Not, probably none of this would happen. After Lovin came inside and all three of them spent the most wonderful dinner, Angell could ever dream off, in laughing and telling stories. Angell went later to her room, full, thinking that in that night was her last chance for the wish with full moon. Her desires stuff was flowing like a torrent in the girls mind, but they started to lose their contour. To have a family, she already has one. A lover, she already has. Success? Lets say that she has it, but then what was it. In the moment when she made the pact with the flower she was wishing so bad to not exist any longer on Earth, but things have changes since then and of course that wish was invalid now. She got up from the bed, drained of ideas, while Snowy was sleeping in silence on one of the chairs; Angell opened her laptop to get some ideas. She went with her cursor to the pictures folder and then her heart stopped, and her eyes got bigger. She was looking at the recent saved picture, namely at the virtual boy named by her, Kristall Carter.
Too bad that he doesnt exist. She said, but her heart started to pump the blood very fast in all her body. She can have him! This was the wish. Kristall Carter. But with Marvell, what she will do about him? He was her real boyfriend, cannot just bring Kristall in her life. But maybe Marvell shouldnt supposed to find out about that.
Angell nervously smiled at that suddenly idea, but she outstare again when she thought that for the wish she need a certain object for it. She cannot burn the laptop. She got up, walking throw the room, with her brain damaged. What she could do about that? She knew already what the wish was.
She gave up with that wish, going to the kitchen. The clock was 12 in the night, and she couldnt sleep a second thinking intensely at what will be next. She opened the fridge, and took the orange juice bottle, pouring in a glass. She was so lost in space that she even didnt see that the juice was already slopping, going softly on the table, and then flowing down on the floor. 
I am such an idiot. She said, running into her mothers bathroom, taking a mop and a rag. While she was cleaning the disaster made, was inside laughing as well.
Maybe I will wish for a little brother.
She watched outside from the hall window, when she took the mop back, seeing that Lovins car was still there. So he didnt left.
Then she took her glass with juice, and went slowly to her room, climbing the stairs. What can she wish for? What? But she already knew the answer to that question. She wanted Kristall. But how can she have him from the moment that he wasnt real, and the girl didnt have a single object from him to burn, beside his picture from the laptop. She took a seat in the chair where Snowy was sleeping, taking the cat in her lap, slowly petting her.  What if the picture from the laptop could be taking out?
Wait a minute! Angell said loudly, getting up fast, making the cat spit unhappy.
Even if she didnt know that will work or not, Angell hurried up to her desk taking her laptop in arms, putting the empty glass on the table. She ran fast from her room, to her office. She entered directly in it, not realizing at the moment that Lovin was sleeping right next to her room, but something told her that he was resting somewhere down, in one particular room. She opened the light, and looked around very excited after the print. Saw it and thrilled, took it and with his cable, connected on her laptop.
Her hands were shaking strongly, trying to print the picture and finally she managed to do that. Nervous, she watched the paper printed, displaying Kristall on it.
Yes! He will be mine! She said, running into her room.
She went straight to the balcony, watching the east. Above the forest, she could see the pale full moon, round, which was casting translucent lights. She was so thrilled that she couldnt control her shaking.
Three oclock came by very hard, that Angell was making tours in the house. She ran quickly in her room (when she saw 2:55 on the clock from the living room), took 14 prepared candles from her desk. Of course that she didnt forget about the Kristall picture, and therefore she ran in her little garden from the backyard, where the blue flowers were waiting.
Angell, are you ready? The queen flower said.
Angell started to stick the candles into the earth, kindling them, seeing that the flowers around were literately glowing, like the fireflies, spreading ghostly and blue lights around. She didnt say a thing. She wasnt amazed about that flower aspect, maybe just because the main flower could speak with her.
After that Angell took a place with the barefoot in the middle of the flowers, turning her face to the moon. She took a lighter from the pocket and fired the picture where Kristall could be seen clearly. Angell closed her eyes, putting the flame picture in a sieve and started to dispel the ash over the flowers. In the moment when the ash touched the flowers like a black snow, the candles flame became blue and started to extinguish one by one, like someone invisible was blowing them. Angell suddenly woke up in a middle of a storm. Even though the sky was clear, the wind started to blow, making the girls hair to get crazy. The girl got scared observing how the full moon was covered by black clouds of storm, and the lightings started to cross the night sky. Angell looked desperately around, seeing the ash which she spread it, to powerfully twist making a small tornado, higher then Angell herself. The girl didnt see further what was going on, because she stared to get dizzy, feeling ill. And she felt down on the ground, like she was stricken in her head.
Angell! Angell, God how much can you sleep?! Wake up! Someone was yelling at Angells ear. 
She opened her eyes, seeing that Amira was standing above her, watching worried.
Mmom. Where am I?
What do you mean where are you? You are in your room, silly.
What?
Angell rose up from the bed, seeing that her mother was right. She looked around none believing. As far as she remembers, last time she was in the small garden of flowers, and now she was in her bed dressed in her pajamas. Was it a dream?
Angell watched Amira lost, like the woman wasnt rational. 
Whats the time?
Its one pm.
Angell jumped like burnt from the bed, running towards the bathroom almost knocking Amira down. She didnt understand why her daughter was acting that strange. Angell looked in the mirror, shaking, washing her white and sweaty face with cold water. She really didnt get it, was it only in her mind?
Coming back to her room, she changed, combed her hair, and arranged herself like she was going to an event. She lowered to the down floor, then exit in the main courtyard, wanting to go straight to the flowers garden. Her mother and Lovin were seating in the main yard, at a shade of a linden. Angell softly smiled, observing that they were hugging and loving each other like they used to when they were simply teenagers. Angell walked stiffed and quick, to the flowers, having a twinge in her stomach. That twinge quickly transformed in a pain, like someone just hit her stomach. In the small pack of blue flowers, something was missing, namely the queen. 
Angell ran scared to the house, entering he main courtyard, and Amira called her. Angell tried desperately to manifest an impassible face as possible but she didnt manage with success.
Angell are you feeling well? Lovin asked easily worried, seeing her face expression.
Yes, I am fine.
The girl smiled fake, looking elsewhere, then she lowered her eyes and got out a small moan. Lovin had a burn in his palm of his right hand.
Whats wrong? Ah, you saw it, I really dont know where this came from, maybe its a rash or
Can I see it? The girl said already terrified.
Lovin smiled to her, and starched his hand and Angell moaned once more. The man had on his right palm the 14 number crested in his skin, like he putted his hand on a hot mold. Lovin thought that she reacted in that way because of the burn, but he didnt know that Angell was actually terrified because of the Forget-me-not flowers, being cursed, and no one beside the girl, cannot touch them, much less to tear them. Was plain as a pikestaff that Lovin pulled out the Queen Flower, and the Marked one will going to die. 
What is it Angell? Really, you are starting to freak me out! Amira said worried.
Angell watched her like she was about to burst into tears. The girl didnt say a word, trying to sketch a nicked smile, and the two parents changed significant looks.
You know, I dont feel anything. Lovin said, looking at the palm.
Yes I will go Angell said, but didnt finish the sentence, that she ran to the house, scared.
Amira went after her, entering the house, and found Angell at the kitchen table, drinking a glass of juice.
Good God Angell, tell me what is wrong? You scare me!
Nothing, really, I just had a nightmare, thats all.
Oh, look, to not think at that, if you please, can you go to the grocery store in the center to buy me celery, potatoes and some carrots? I want today to make a sweet soup, how you love the most. The woman said, smiling.
Yes, I will. The girl said, happy that she had a reason to get out from the house, without seeing Lovin, knowing that he was about to die.
Amira went back to the kitchen with her car keys, and some money. Angell grabbed everything fast, exiting the house, knowing that Amira was watching her long, but she didnt care. The more she will get out, the better would be. Therefore she went to the garage, opened the door from the wheel, and got on starting the engine, while the garage door was easily rising. Angell changed the music volume to max, not hearing even the noisiest explosion ever, if it would be. She stepped onto the acceleration pedal and went from the garage. She was driving unmindfully to the center, feeling her tears coming out. She wanted the most to go out from the house, for her mother to not see her crying, knowing that Lovin took the curse over him. She stopped the car in the center, near the grocery store, crying for good, looking in the review mirror and clearing her mascara lowered because of the tears. She slowed the music down, feeling a new wave of crying coming, but she refrained, entering that grocery store. She even didnt park the car well, and if the Sobber policeman would catch her, she could remain without the car and to get a fine so big that she would have to pay it from her school money. She really didnt care how she parked the car, taking a red cart, looking for the need vegetables. The image with Lovins burn palm didnt manage to skip away from the girls mind, and she forgot what was about to take. She couldnt call her mother, because she didnt take the phone with her. She walk with the cart all around, observing an old lady how was analyzing a tomato until the small details, like the woman could see with her eyes the molecules. Angell didnt pay attention at all when she enter with the cart in someone, making her falling down, and the other one to spill the cart over her. 
Oh my God, I am so sorry, really. Its my fault. She said, face-red.
Dont worry, its nothing. A thick and sharp, melodious man voice answered her.
Angell looked at him and remained stoned. The boy in which she enter with her red cart was double like body then her, imposing and strong. His face was in oval shape, with short and dark hair, and the sideburns were aesthetically uniting with the beard and mustache. He had beautiful and brown eyes, like an innocent child. A golden earring in his ear was the sign that the boy wasnt that innocent.  
Are you alright? He smiled to her, starching a hand to lift her up, observing that she wasnt saying a thing.
Yes yes. I think so.
I am really sorry, I was paying attention to the list my mother gave me home and
G God, we have the same problem. Angell clumsy smiled, feeling her blood bursting her cheeks.
The boy looked at her smiling, and then he stretches a hand to her.
My name is Kristall. Kristall Carter.
I know I mean, Im glad. I I, Angell Veriss. And Valentine in the middle. She said, couldnt believe her own eyes.
Glad to meet you Angell Veriss with Valentine in the middle. He laughed short; shaking his hand with hers, and the girl felt his body warmth how was burning her.
Well bye. Angell said, leaving her cart and running back to her car, leaving Kristall behind to look after her confused. The girl forgot how to open the door because of the emotions, which they could be seen on her, very easy, from her hands which were strongly shaking. When finally she unlocked the car, she jumped at the wheel, and with a fantastic speed, she ran towards home, like she was been followed by someone.
God! She shouted at the wheel, driving with speed.
So after all the flower was very right in what it concerns her, even if she started to have doubts about the so called wish, but at the end the boy from her laptop came outside. She cannot believe it and more she was thinking about then more became ridiculous. She really didnt understand what exactly happen and smiled cheerfully thinking that everything is going to be fine. But didnt last long this euphoria because her beautiful smiled disappeared like a snap from her pinky lips when she remembered that another person was interfering her plans, namely Marvell.
She must not forget that he was his boyfriend, so therefore she had to broke up with him until he will not find out about Kristall or worse, the flower, even though she had no clue how will take action in this case, and in the end wasnt that simple how it looks to be. She will have to tell him the truth, after all he was a smart boy and he will understand, right? Angell smiled ironically and was thinking at Marvell which discovered that he was replaced by a virtual character which came alive, not knowing how.
Arrived at home, much happier than ever, even if the fears were starting to come by, the accumulated joyful from meeting her wish, evaporated fast when she saw Lovin. He and her mother were seating on a blanket, laughing without a worry.
 Angell, you came back. Amira said, with tears in her eyes from so much laughing.
Ah, mom, I forgot what I was supposed to buy Angell said, felting lost, not knowing what to say.
What? Angell I left you a note with what you have to buy, I put it in your bag, where is your head? Now I have to go by myself because you
Good idea. The girl said, running towards the entrance door.
She didnt climb much the stairs, that Amira opened the main door, more than happy with a yellow bag in her hand.
Angell why didnt you told me that you forgot the grocery bag?
What? The girl answered blocked. But I have not even bought anything.
Come on Angell, stop fooling around. A nice boy just came and brought them.
Angell remained mute. Very curious, she ran the stairs down, almost to hit her head in her wild running. Amira made a sign to someone outside to enter, and when that someone did, the girls heart stopped beating, and with a large smiled, Kristall came in.
Hello again. I thought that you forget something back there. He said.
Angell was too amazed to talk, remaining with her mouth easily opened. Amira giggled then said.
Angell, how we say to the boy? Thaaaank you She said like talking to a kindergarten child.
Ah yeah, thanks. I am flattered by your gesture.
Not at all, the pleasure was all mines.
Do you want a glass of juice? At least this I can do for you, given the fact that my daughter is somewhere up in the clouds.
Sure, I would love too.
What is your name? Amira asked.
Kristall, Kristall Carter, madam.
Nice too meet you, oh and its Amira for you.
OK Amira. Kristall laughed shortly, watching charming at Angell.
Amira invited Kristall in the backyard, at the terrace with Angell and Lovin. Dingo was already over Kristall, sniffing him everywhere to see if he is trustable or not.
Kristall, what does your parents do for living?
They are doctors.
Angell wasnt surprised, of course that she was already aware of Kristall parents were doctors. At least that how she imagined them to be.
And you will be the same?
I am already a doctor, at least an intern one.
Really? Amira was surprised.
Dingo started to bark, sign that someone just entered the courtyard. After the house corner, Serena came with a large smile on her lips.
Hello everyone, I came to
But she suddenly stopped, seeing Kristall.
Hey Serena. Angell said, face-red.
Sorry, do I know you from somewhere? Serena asked Kristall.
I am sorry, I dont think so. I come from the continent. He said, smiling.
Not a problem. Serena said.
Angell got up, and Serena grabbed her arm, walking fast to the main yard.
Ouch Serena, let go of me. Angell said, taking her arm back.
So, please tell me What the hell is doing the guy from your laptop in your backyard?
Serena, I dont know how to explain this.
Its clear as the day Angell, that you cheated the game. Serena smiled sneaky.
What? Angell frowned her eyebrows.
Yes. I mean, this guy you met before the game, havent you? And you didnt bother to imagine him. You are such a bitch! You cheated!
Yes. Ok, you caught me. Angell said relief, without being forced to start telling her friend what Kristall was doing for real in her backyard.
But he is so hot! Much hotter than the picture. Now tell me, how you guys met?
Well, throw Sabrina. Angell lied.
Its that so?
Yeah, his parents are doctors and they know each other.
Serena was pleased by the fake answer and then she gave her a pink bag.
What is this?
The skirt. Did you forget? You let me borrow it when
Oh yeah, I almost forgot.
Anyway, I have to go. I will meet Derek soon. Marvell said something about tonight, for all four of us to go somewhere.
Maybe. We will talk and see.
OK Angell, kiss you, bye.
Bye Serena. Angell said relief, and when she turned back she almost hit for the second time with Kristall. She felt again her blood running and her cheeks, burning them.
Sorry, I have to go.
I have a question though. How did you know what I had to buy?
Well beside your head, you forgot a list too. He said, putting a small paper in her hand.
See you around beautiful. He said, happily winking at her and leaving.
Angell stood still with she remained with mouth opened when she saw that the boy at a wheel of an expensive black car. He horned couple of times and derived straight, disappearing from her eyes.
This is what I call weirdness. She said to her, and then went back to the house.
The night felt quickly, and Angell didnt exit her room at all, thinking intensely at Kristall. She really could not explain to herself, why Kristall Carter was so charming, and how he suddenly appeared in her way. Of course, she knew very well why, because of the promise made by flower, that her wish will come true after three full moons. The girls phone started to ring, and its master answered reluctant. 
Yes.
Hey Angell, Im Marvell. How are you sweetie? Do you come out tonight with me and Serena with Derek?
Where? She said, without a small path of happiness in her voice.
We want to go at The Three Sailors, you know, the bar in the sea port.
Angell sighed, thinking. Maybe was a good idea to leave the house with Marvell, and maybe Kristall will vanish from her mind, once she will see the boy.
Ok Marvell. Where I have to come?
I will come to you. We will go at 10 oclock.
Ok, then I will wait for you.
Ok love. Bye.
Bye Marvell. The girl with long and light brown hair said, throwing her phone on the bed, and then she took a pillow yelling in it.
Jesus, I am so stupid! What the hell am I doing? Its Marvell, who is actually my boyfriend, then comes Kristall which uh, I am already so confused. I will go and get dressed before he will come.
Therefore the girl was happy to go to the bathroom and to start her preparing ritual, when was the thing to go out.
After half an hour, Angell grabbed her hair in a long tail, and she wasnt makeup strongly or to wear shiny cloths. Looking in the mirror she said that was ok. A horn could be heard from the fence, and Amira shouted from the kitchen.
Angell! Its Marvell!
OK. She whispered, and took her purse, going to the hall, then lowering the stairs. Something inside her was telling the girl to quit everything, and to turn back into her room.
By mom, see you later. Bye Lovin.
Bye sweetie.
Have a great time Angell.
Yeah, thank. I hope so. She whispered to her.
She exit outside, and realized that was pretty chilly. She went to the gate and left the yard. Marvell was remarkable as usual. He got out from the car and hugged Angell, and without any enthusiasm, she let herself hugged then kissed.
Ready love? Whats wrong? He asked, seeing her face expression.
Nothing. She lied. Shall we go? She said fast, to change the subject.
Yes.
Marvell opened the door, making way for the girl to get in. Then he got in at the wheel and together left, heading to the sea port, where were some locals among which was the Three Sailors. Angell wasnt feeling ok, and her mind was flying to those brown and beautiful eyes, sensual lips, the ring from his ear, the tattoo on his muscular arm, his chest out in front, his aesthetic beard.
Angell.
Huh? She said, waking up like from a dream.
So where is your mind at? I just asked you how you parents get along.
Ah, well very well, until now at least. My mother said in this days maybe she will get ready for a wedding. Finally, the two lovers get married. She said with a path of happiness.
And we will be next. Marvell said smiling.
What?
Nothing. Marvell said, trying to be mysterious, but didnt managed to do that. He didnt make Angell to jump in the air happy, on the contrary she got frighten. This was the last straw; in rest she had it all.
We are here. Marvell said, entering the sea port.
Angell raised her eyes, observing the fisheries around, boats, some yacht (one of them belonged to Vanillas family), and a stationed ship. 
All the fishermens boats were easily waving on water because of the waves. Marvell stopped the car near a fishery, and they got out. The wind was blowing softly around, and everywhere it could be sense the fish smell. Some seagulls could be heard above.
Angell, Marvell! A known voice was shouting. A little far it could be seen Serena and a tall boy, no one then Derek.
Angell smiled, happy that she wasnt forced to spend the night with Marvell, when Kristall was invading her mind.
Hey Serena. Said Angell kissing at once with her on the cheeks.
Hey honey. You remember Derek, right? She said,
How can I forget? Angell said smiling.
No one cant forget him. Shall we go? Marvell said, taking the girls hand and she let herself guided be him.
The Three Sailors local was on the other side of the sea port and fortunately wasnt a big one. It had two levels, entirely build of wood, with round tables, same as the chairs.
The fourth of them went to the last level, because the first was full. They found a free table, right next to the window, where the sea could be seen. Even if was pretty dark outside.
So, what shall we eat? Marvell asked.
Well here they have only like fish or sea fruits, right? Serena said.
Yes. I want fried cuttlefish.
Angell made a little grimace, and initially she orders a non-acidulated juice, even if her instinct was demanding her to drink alcohol. The waitress brought their orders, seemed unpleasant for some reason, or she was like that from the birth, Angell thought to herself. 
All of them were talking, laughing, only Angell was seating there without paying attention, looking into the void, thinking at Kristall. She didnt know why, but that boy, appeared from the girls mind, didnt let her alone at all, was like Kristall hypnotized her. Serena was the only one who observed her friends odd behavior, throwing some quick looks in time to time like she was expecting the girl to get up and leave them. Even if Angell was thinking at exact thing as her friend, she couldnt dare to do it. Her phone started to vibrate, and gladly she opened it and read a text message, which was from Mariuss. When she read, she frowned, looking at Serena.
What is it?
Its from Mariuss. He wrote me, please come down for a second. We need to talk something serious.
But he is never serious. Serena giggled.
Well, I will go out and see. Angell said happy that she had a reason to leave from the table.
Therefor the girl made way to pass and to lower the stairs, cheerfully, under the Marvells perplexed glances and the Serenas suspicious eyes. When Angell disappeared from their sight, Marvell turned his face to Serena.
What is going on with her?
I dont know, but I will find out. The girl said, getting up. Derek made the same action but the girl stopped him.
You sit down. Where do you think youre going? I am going to see what Mariuss wants from Angell.
So Derek, unhappy, sat back on his chair and Serena went after Angell, also lowering the stairs.
Angell was standing at a lamp, looking around.
Angell. A known voice called her.
Mariuss, whats the matter?
Mariuss came from the dark, looking angry and pretty serious, a rare thing at him, considering that he was always happy and joking. Angell got afraid by his appearance.
Mariuss! Are you hurt?
On Mariuss face she could see some wounds, like the boy was beaten with a whip. He had purple circles under his brown eyes and he looked pretty weak, like the boy was suffering a disease.
Angell Valentine Veriss! What have you done?
What?
You heard me. You are making the biggest mistake of your life, and you will put not only yourself in danger but the others as well.
What are you taking about? She said confused.
I am talking about your stupid pact which will kill a lot of people, Angell!
Angell remained stunned. How did Mariuss found out about her pact with the flower? Angell knew very well that she didnt tell anyone. She took an unknowing attitude, like Mariuss was talking rubbish.
I dont know what youre talking about. She was playing the fool.
Oh no, you know very well Angell what I am talking about. You made a pact with the devil.
Angell burst out laughing.
Lets be serious Mariuss. If is one of your stupid jokes, it is not funny at all.
I am not joking. I am referring to your pretty cute cursed little flower Angell! You shouldnt make a pact with her. Now not only you are cursed but the entire island.
Excuse me?
Dont play dumb with me. Put an end to this, until will not be too late.
Mariuss. How do you know all this? Did you spy me?
I dont have to spy you Angell. I know many things without finding myself out. Kristall will kill you!
No, he will not. You are talking shit
I AM NOT TALKING SHIT AT ALL. Stop everything until he will stop you. Mariuss lost his temper, and Angell saw him for the first time angry. She was already scared.
Mariuss, you are scaring me! Whats wrong with you?
Doesnt matter. I will be gone for good. But remember this Angell that it not will end all here. See you in nightmare.
What? What nightmare? Mariuss, wait! Where are you leaving?
But in vain was Angell shouting after him, that Mariuss turned back and disappeared like he appeared from the dark, leaving Angell with thousands of questions in her mind. Like for example, how did Mariuss knew all that stuff?
Angell? What is going on?
Angell flinched, seeing Serena getting closer.
Really nothing. I have to go home. Now. She said, staring to cry.
She felt threatened and hurt. If Mariuss knew something, means that Angell was not the only one who knew the fantasy. Serena was watching her very confused, taking her hand.
Whatever it is Angell, you know very well that I am here for you.
What you heard from Mariuss, do not tell Marvell.
Of course I will not. Lets go home.
And so the girls went back to the local, and Angell couldnt think more than Mariuss sayings. Kristall will kill? What he was referring too? Especially that he told her, see you in nightmare. But she couldnt end up there, as for she was drinking that flower tea.
She could sleep all night, Mariusss voice was still reverbing in the girls mind.
Who are you Mariuss? She asked herself in the end.
The next day Amira announced her that at dinner Kristall will come to join them.
What?
Yes. He brought you this. The woman said, taking the girls hand, and leading her in the living room. Angell remained amazed looking at the flowers bouquets, and not only one or two, were over 10 beautiful bouquets of all the colors and smells, occupying the living room.
Wow.
So Angell, I dont know who is this boy, but I invited him and his family at dinner. I hope you dont mind.
Not at all. The girl said amazed, feeling a hole in her stomach.
In that moment Lovin lowered the stairs, being dressed elegant.
Where are you going so office? Angell asked curiously.
I have to go in Sareville, for a meeting. I will come back tomorrow morning. 
You cannot come tonight? Kristalls family will be here. And I wanted to introduce you to them as my father.
Trust me Angell that I would love to, but I have no choice. Of course, if I still want to have a job.
I understand, its not a problem. The girl said with a trace of regret in her voice. She felt a twinge in her stomach when she saw the number from his hand, therefore the girl followed him until his car, and then she hugged him.
Angell, I will return back tomorrow. The man said easily surprised.
Please, be very careful. Dad.
Lovin remained for a second amazed, and then he kissed her forehead.
I will sweetie. I love you.
I love you too.
Take care of your mom for me.
Angell watched him a little scared, like Lovin just said good bye forever. He winked her happy and got on the wheel, driving slowly, and Angell watched his car how disappeared in the forest, wiping a tear.
The night lowered fast, since the day was shorter, and the night became the ruler of the year. 
Amira made a big table in the living room, taking the girls flowers and putting them into her room. The girls stomach got smaller when in that moment Kristall came in the house, charming, in a white shirt, being very formal and elegant. Was very odd to meet his parents, since she didnt imagine them as well. But something tells her that this time not only she actioned in Kristalls life. At dinner, the Carter family started to tell stories about Kristalls life, a thing which Angell didnt see it normal, because Kristall was always in her mind. She started to think if Kristall didnt live a life before.
The boy was watching her long and charming, and Angell was almost to choke with the food, when he took her hand under the table, making her face going pinky.
You are very beautiful Angell. He said, whispering to her ear. I like you a lot.
Angell smiled to him, without saying a word. His warm touch was making her to forget the rest of the world, like his energy was so strong that another person didnt count for her.
*
Angell! Amira shouted.
What? The girl said from the head of stairs.
At the phone. Marvell.
Why he called on the fixed telephone?
Maybe because you have your cell phone closed.
Yeah, youre right.
Amira rolled her eyes, and the girl came into the living room without any sign of enjoying, taking the receiver from her mother, which went directly to the kitchen.
Hello?
Hey baby, how have you been? Why you have your cell phone closed?
Maybe its uncharged. Angell lied without regretting.
OK. May I talk to you?
Ok, say it.
Not at the phone love. Please come at the Pound, in half an hour, I will be there.
Good.
Ok love, see you there. Bye.
And Angell putted back the receiver, without a grudge. She was starting to feel Marvell like a burden on which she had to get rid of.
A day passed and Lovin didnt come back home, and Amira was already worried, calling him nonstop.
He doesnt answer at all at his phone. What if something happen to him?
Mother, you are making too many worries. I dont think so, maybe he is too busy.
Amira nod her head, even if Angell could swear that she grabbed again the phone trying to reach Lovin and the girl feared that the cursed caught him up, and now Lovin forgot everything, not knowing even his name. 
Be aware Angell, of the wind. Amira said from the kitchen, and Angell got out in the night, heading to the garage. 
And indeed, Amira was right. The wind was blowing strongly; snatching even the last autumn leafs from the forest, making her hair flying in every direction possible. The girl hurried up to the garage, wanting to drive until the Pound, not wanting to walk until there on feet on a wheatear like that, especially that the rain started to come with small and soft drops. The girl started the car, and drove to the Pound direction where Marvell was waiting for her to come. She was making a lot of plans, how she will tell the boy that their relationship is over and doesnt have a future, and together they have to agree on taking a long break, and after that to remain simple friends. She was aware that the plan wasnt easy to apply.
She let herself gone with the thought at Kristall, which was in fact her wish, from the pact with the blue flower and she cannot just give up on it.
Arrived at the small park from the Pound, where the mud pound was full of frogs and water lilies, she woke up with Marvell at her door, opening it, making way for Angell to get off, and the girl putted her hood on her head, fearing the wind outside which didnt stopped. He hugged her with love and warm, and then he kissed her. Angell did all this mechanically, like it was something usual to do that. 
Love. Ive missed you so much. He said, having in his blue eyes hopes and sparkles. Instead Angell watched him superior and cold.
Me too. She said short, of course lying.
I know its too sudden, but I am listening to my hear. I love you Angell Valentine Veriss, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you, so
He, for the girls surprised, kneel and took off a beautiful diamond ring from his pocket.
Do you want to be my wife?
Angell didnt realize what was going on. She really didnt understand why Marvell was seating in the knee, emotional, in a muddy park on a wheatear like that.
She not even was feeling something for him, not sympathy rather disgusting. Since the wish came true, in her soul something flaming came alive, like an alive fire, which was burning everything good from her way, especially her personality, once likable and rebel, beautiful, becoming cold, conservative and rough, especially that the needle of love changed its direction from Marvell to Kristall.
But Marvell was waiting her answer excited, seating in his knee, with the ring raised for her to take it.
No. She said suddenly.
W what?
You heard me. No! I am too young to get married, beside you no longer mean something for me. I really dont understand what I saw on you, a good for nothing looser.
She said all this without thinking, like she was hypnotized. Marvell passed from shocked the horror, slowly getting up and scared, watching her distrustful.
Angell. What is with you?
Really nothing. I am cold and a little hungry, so I will go back home.
And the girl suddenly turned to the car.
Angell! You cannot do this to me! I love you! Whats wrong with you?!
Do you really want to know? Angell said, turning slowly to him, and Marvell shocked when he saw the girls face, on which was an evil smile, almost demonic.
I do not want to know nothing. Tomorrow I will return on the continent Angell. You will never see me again.
Ah, such a relief! Im so glad that I got rid of you. She said, making the boy slowly walks backwards, while he was watching hurt the silver car how was leaving. He watched the ring, and with all his force throws it in the muddy pound.
In the car, Angell was laughing like a crazy person. That situation was for her so funny.
He is such an asshole! Really, I cannot believe it! She said maliciously, and felt her eyes getting wet, and from them tears came out. The girl was surprised to discover them.
Why am I crying?
She stopped the car in the front of the fence, and started to cry for good, putting her head on the wheel.
Marvell. What have I done? She said. She didnt understand exactly what happened. A part of her wanted to became Marvells wife, loving him. But another one hated him so much.
*
Three days passed and Angell was refusing to come down stairs from her room, even if Amira was announcing her that her dream boy, Kristall, was trying to reach her. Something inside told her that wasnt a good idea what she was doing. And she preferred to remain closed in her room. For the second time the girl was sunk in her own thoughts, not knowing what to do further. 10 pm was approaching, and the clock from the living room was announcing this thing, beating ten times. Angell rose from her bed, with the eyes swollen from so much crying, dressing thicker. She really wanted to go out at the beach for a while, to watch the moon from the sky, reflected in the cold water. The winter was getting closer by the minute over the island, and the proof was the wheatear getting colder, and the leafless trees and also the hoar-frost which was on the windows every morning. 
Therefore the girl, dressing bulky, exit in the cold night, walking throw the yard trying to not make the smallest noise for not to wake her mother and give her explanations about what she was doing, or to have a companionship in any way. So she crossed the main frozen courtyard, reaching the back of the house. From there she lowered the marble stairs which was leading on the little family park, where the flowers long gone. She lowered further, reaching the cold sand, observing the sea pretty peacefully. The sky was clear and full of starts, was dominated by the first square moon. Angell looked up, putting her hands in the pockets, feeling the cold how it started to get under the cloths. She looked up helpless, trying to answer alone at some questions. Why did she actually break up with Marvell, when she loved him very much? Why she was ignoring everyone else, thinking that they were under her rank?
What monster do I become? She whispered to her, walking on the sea shore. 
The truth was somewhere in the middle, and the girl got tired of so many dramas and events. When she turned back, something distracted her attention. She saw a large object, which was fixed in the sand, like a stump, and the sea water was watering it by time to time. Angell frowned, going curiously at that object, which was starting to take shape. The girl stopped from walking, taking her hand to her mouth, begin terrified. That object wasnt a sump but a man with his face down, appearing to not breathe. But the fear and horror installed inside her in the moment when she recognized the man from the shore. Was no other then Lovin. The man was in the end defeated by the curse. With his mouth open, white and bleary eyes, Lovin Rivertmen was killed innocent.
Angell didnt pull out a sound, starting to shake more and more strongly by the minute. She grabbed the mans arms, trying to pull him more on the beach, fearing that the water will kidnap his body for good. Then she looked at him, after that running back home, climbing the stairs. Right from the little flower park, something grabbed her hand, and Angell screamed but her mouth was stopped by a hand. When she got use to the dark, she saw Kristall. 
Hush, Angell. Its just me.
Kri Kristall? Whathow? ME.
Calm down. Whats the matter?
Lovin. Dead. I.
And Kristall hugged her, and Angell started to cry shedding her drama on him. The boy was softly swinging her, looking at the corpse which was bathed in the square moon ray.
Chapter VIII 
The Moonstone
(Back to top)
The next day Lovins body was transferred at the local church, and all the town was frighten that the killer, who murdered the little boy Villo, came back thirsty for blood.
Amira and Angell were more than shocked and stoned, and didnt wish to talk with no one, especially that at their gate the press was coming, but they preferred to remain locked inside. Angell was moral supported by Kristall, which decided to remain at her place for a period, and Angell felt a strange warm every time when she was hugging him, like he had the ability to take all of her worries away. The funeral took place the third day after his death, and the wheatear was cloudy, threatening to snow, since the temperatures were reaching 0 Celsius. Sabrina and her husband came immediately, and Angell was amazed how her mothers cousin could cry so much like for the all island.   
Angell. Condolence. I am so sorry. Serena said.
She, Derek, Lania and Emell, came to the funeral, having like the same pain inside as Angell did, but she suddenly started to relax, like Lovin was just sick and everything will be fine.
Its ok Sabrina. We move forward. She said with sort of indifference, making her friends watch to one another.
Angell? Do you have eye contacts? Lania curiously asked.
Angell shook her head. The rest of them looked more frighten to the girl, which noticeably changed. Hey greenish eyes, which were a reminder for the world how much the girl was like her father, became after night sparkling cold blue, like the girl really did wear eye contacts. The face expression, once angelic, became more demonic, like she was starting to get uglier, being every time frown and like angry. And the hair, from brown, became almost blond.
Angell, whats happening to you? Serena asked worried.
I dont think that is your concern Serena. Really nothing, I feel perfect. Angell said, smiling, but not in her normal way, cute and fluffy, but in a horrible way, demonic, malicious.
Marvell left on the continent Angell. You will never see him again. Serena said shocked.
I dont care. I must go.
Therefore Angell walks slowly to the graveyard exit, where Kristall was waiting for her, supported by a black car.
What happened to her? Serena asked, watching the others.
In the next days the wheatear got very cold, the temperatures from the thermometers lowering under the 0 Celsius, and was so cold that even the muddy little lack from the Pound frozen. The end of November was bringing sleet and sometimes even snow but without letting behind on the ground. Angell was becoming more and more obsessed by Kristall which was coming by very often, so often that Amira got sick and tired of him, becoming suspicious and skeptical. Angell became obsessed with his love, which made her forget everyone, inclusive her mother.
In one of the days, Lania came to visit her, but the girl stopped at the entrance when she saw Angell completely changed. She was very skinny, and her hair was golden blond.
Angell? Did you dye your hair?
No. What you want? She said meanly, making Lania to remain with her mouth open.
What do you mean what I want? I want to talk with you.
I dont have time. The girl said, and closed the door, but Lania was faster, putting her leg.
Not so fast. What is happening to you?
And without expecting Lanias courage, Angell woke up with her in the house.
What thee fuck do you want?! Angell shouted angry at Lania.
Its about Serena. She need us Angell.
Look at my face and tell me if I give a shit!
How how the hell can you say that? Serena is like your sister!
Yeah. Get the hell out!
No.
Kristall! Angell shouted, and Lania was shocked to discover that the boy came from the kitchen.
Yes love?
Can you tell this bitch please to leave our house?
Our house? Lania whispering, being more then shocked.
Lania you heard Angell.
I cannot believe it. Good Bye Valentine! Lania said, turning away.
DONT CALL ME VALENTINE! Angell yelled and ran after Lania, but the girl was faster, running in the yard and crying, slamming the door.
AND DO NOT EVER COME BACK YOU DIRTY BICTH! Angell shouted from the door to Lania.
Kristall smiled and turned back to the kitchen. Angell followed him there.
Angell. Why are you crying? Kristall asked her curious.
I dont know. I feel like I am sorry.
Come here love. Kristall said, and he kissed her. The tears from her blue eyes disappeared.
You were saying? Kristall asked her.
What are we talking about?
Lania.
Who who is Lania?
Kristall smiled and hugged her.
No one Angell.
The Christmas came and left. Amira, sick and tired of the new behavior of her daughter, spent it in Sareville at Sabrina and Doriss, and Angell remained with Kristall home. Neither Serena, Lania, Marvell nor someone else disturbed her, who seemed to be that she got stuck with Kristall, who was making her forget about everyone around. But an oddest thing was that she couldnt remember any dream, and the Forget-me-not tea was abandoned, but there was no need for it because Kristall replaced the tea with him. Angell, urged by Kristall of course, didnt forget to wet the flowers, and the boy was taking her to the sea, and another strange thing was that the girl didnt feel cold or any temperature at all; on the contrary she was like wanted to take a bath in the almost frozen sea, felting it so pleasant.
*
The month of January came by, and the temperatures were so low, that the sea was almost frozen. Amira was so disgusted by her daughters behavior, and appalled by Kristall, that in one of the days, when the boy didnt come, Amira called Angell in the living room, where in the fireplace was burning a pleasant fire. 
What do you want? Angell shouted at her mother.
Amira pushed her on the couch, being revolted and sick of fury. 
How dare you, bitch, to talk to me like that?
Simple. Leave me alone!
ENOUGH! Angell, I do not know what is going on but you look like a slut. You dyed your hair blond, and you put blue eye contacts plus this behavior which unsatisfactory. Since you met Kristall, you have become a monster.
You are the monster for not understanding!
What is to understand Angell? That you love this wretched? That you cast away your friends and people who love you?
It is not your damn business!
For her rudeness, Amira downloaded a stinging slap.
Angell Valentine Veriss! I forbid you to see this boy again.
Angell got up easily, having an expression that scared her mother, which could read very easily in her eyes the fury.
Lets see that, shall we? She said with a husky threating voice.
And left angry from the living room, leaving Amira with her hand over her heart, being more frighten then before.
Later, Kristall came, bringing Angell blue roses. He saw her mood, asking what happened.
My mother, she forbids me to see you. Angell said revolted.
Do not worry love; I will talk to your mother.
Then he kissed her smooth, getting up from the girls bed, lowering happy the stairs, like Angell just told him a joke, then he exit the house. 
Amira was in the backyard, where the snow considerably increased. She was walking in it, powerless, not knowing what to do further with her daughter. She was aware that the girl stopped listen to her, and that suddenly change of comportment, was pushing the woman to hate that Kristall boy more than anything in the world. She felt tided by the hands and feet, because she couldnt do anything, and in her mind a plan came, sort of ridiculous and in the same time dangerous, to kidnap her daughter and to get her in Sareville at Sabrina. Walking thoughtfully through the snow, she didnt paid attention at the way, and on a corner, after a bush and some trees; she found the Forget-me-not flowers, remaining dumbfounded.
The flowers werent frozen or dead; on the contrary they were shiny, blue, and full of life, like they were made of plastic. The tree near the blue gentry was in a trap of those flowers, which were like they grew from the trees truck, getting higher until the branches. Amira got scared, walking some steps back, and when she turned, strongly flinched because Kristall was there smiling. 
Amira, are you feeling ok? He said with calm but with a trace of sarcasm in his voice like he was carrying.
Get away from me. Amira said, walking a few steps back, with her pointing finger rose to him, threating.
Why are you so irritable?
Amira ignore him and turned away. She walked quickly on the frozen marble stairs, where the snow considerably submitted, but for her surprise, the boy reappeared from nowhere.
Where do you think youre running Amira? I just want to talk. Dont be impolite.
I have nothing to talk with you!
Oh yeah, well, you see I think you do. We have so much in common. The boy said, being satisfied for seeing the fear from her looks.
I dont know who you are, and what you want but
But? He started to laugh, like that conversation was pathetic, worthily to be a joke. But but, wait, what was that phrase? But I will not get away that easily?
Not quite. The woman said ironic, feeling her blood boiling in her veins. I wanted to say that, but you are a monster which deserves to be beheaded.
Oh, thank you so much for the compliments. And why you do not wish for me to become your son-in-law?
I refrain from comments.
Ok. You said something good for the first time, a bonus for the mother-in-law.
And without any warning, Kristall grabbed Amiras arm, and his face expression suddenly changed, from a exaggerating calm.
Now look here you old hag! If you care about your precious life, I friendly advice you to step away and to not prevent Angell to be with me, do I made myself clear?
HELP! Amira shouted in the hope that someone will hear her, but Kristall lost his temper and strongly pushed Amira, and she felt rolling on the marble stairs, hitting her head on the last step, losing her awareness.
Amira? What is going on? Said a smooth voice.
Amira got up dizzy and realized that the monster named Kristall disappeared from the landscape, but instead at her a known girl was approaching.
With long and softly curl black hair, angelic face and the eyes almond shape and brown, the girl got at Amiras side. The woman told to herself that she just lost her mind, because she was watching herself, like a clone. Her teenage alter ego was watching her smiling and petting her.
Come up. You will freeze out here. The Amira teenager said, raising Amira from the ground, holding her hand.
Whe where am I?
Home. Aunt Creselda its preparing apple pies.
Really? Amira got amazed, while she was climbing the marble stairs with the other Amira.
Oh my God. I am me. I mean
The teenage Amira smiled to her, holding her round belly, which could be observed from the winters cloths.
Angell.
Her younger double smiled and Amira closed her eyes, feeling warm. She opened them and realized that she was standing in front of the door. She grabbed the latch, easily opening the door, being very curious.
My Amira darling, where have you been? A tender voice could be heard, and from the head of the stairs, aunt Creselda was lowering, with a kindly face expression. 
She smiled to the girl with warm and went to the kitchen. She looked stupefied around, seeing the old furniture, classic, which knew very well that she putted  in the attic last time when she renovate the house. 
She saw a mirror on the wall next to her, and moaned. In it was her reflexing but at 17 years old. Everything was exactly like 22 years ago, like in 1990.
A small girl, who didnt have more than 10 years, came from the living room, jumping with energy a rope. She had bushy hair and blond, caught in two tails, with a round pinky face.
Amira, do you want to play with me?
Amira watched her with attention and smiled, feeling like in heaven.
Sabrina? She asked amazed.
Yes. Want to play?
I cant honey. Amira said, putting her hands on the belly.
Ah yes the baby. She said with dear and left.
Amira, do you want to eat honey? I cocked something special today, being the Valentines Day.
Amira, which wasnt any more surprised but very delighted, went to the kitchen where everything smelled very good and very familiar.
Sabrina was already eating with appetite, balancing her feet and smiled sweet to Amira who entered the kitchen, with a large smile on her face.
But when she looked in the window, she saw Angell crying with blood tears. Amira suddenly felt an awful pain in the belly zone, like someone took a knife and stabbed her there. Amira closed her eyes, moaning. Creselda throw the pancake and ran to her, taking her under the shoulders, carrying her quickly in the living room and laid her on the sofa.
Breath in and out my dear.
What is happening to me? She said scared.
The baby its coming, we do not have much time left. Sabrina, please dear go and fetch me some warm water. Quickly.
The little girl, who remained with her mouth open of amazing and at the same time scared, ran to the kitchen. Didnt last long and came back with a flagon, which she was barley caring it.
There, there. Now Amira, push. Come on love, you can do it
She felt it like she was about to pass out in a second. Was hurting her so much that she didnt know what happened next, neither when she heard a baby crying, freshly brought to the world. But after that she passed out.
Mother? A shaking voice could be heard.
Amira opened her eyes, observing that she was on her sofa from the renovated house, and Creselda with Sabrina disappeared. But something wasnt right. All the furniture was full of dust, not taking care of, rotten by the time. Spiders web were everywhere. Amira got up and saw in the mirror that she had 20 years old. She looked weird around, getting frighten.
Mother? Again the unclear voice.
The girl walk scared to the main hall, and climbed the stairs which were making noise at Amiras steps, being rotten and the red carpet was unbrazed, dirty and scuffed.
Arrived at the superior floor hall, she watched Angells room, where the door was nearly open.
Mother? Is that you? Angells voice could be heard again, but very different.
Amira slowly entered the room, discovering the dust and an old lady. She had a long and white hair, with her eyes deep in orbits and greenish.
Mother. You came. I thought that I will never see you again.
Angell? Amira got scared seeing her daughter which could be compared with a great grandmother.
Yes. A long time passed.
What happened, Angell?
Amira took a seat in front of her, with hey eyes wet. Angell putted her hand on Amiras cheek and she felt it cold with her uncared long nails.
You left me. It is my fault. You ran away from me because of Kristall. He died. I remained alone. I am cursed to be immortal.
Angell. Please forgive me. Amira said, staring to cry.
It is not your fault mother. Its mine.
Amira was crying without stopping. Angell smiled to her, even if she had her lips purple and the skin white and lowered.
Mother, I have something for you.
And Angell took off a ring from her pocket, a blue one which had the A letter on it, was shiny.
What is this?
It is the moonstone. It is the stone which annihilate every spell possibly. Mother, take it and give to me, until I will not end up like this.
What do you mean? Amira said amazed.
You will go back in the past, at your time. Put this on my finger, until will not be too late.
Amira nodded her head, and Angell putted the ring on Amiras pointing finger, then she kissed her forehead.
I love you mother, I always do.
I love you too Angel. A lot.
Amira dried her tears and looked at the right side, seeing a white door in the wall. The only door from Angells room was the entrance to the second hall way, but seemed to be that in that room was another one.
Amira got up, and Angell watched her with her lost glance, smiling. The girl opened the door, and a strong light overflowed. She enters and realized that she was in Sunshine, in her courtyard. Was a beautiful clear summer night, with the full moon present on the night sky.
Amira, my love.
Amira turned and saw teenage Lovin. With his green eyes, athletic, tall, and the face soft like a child, the boy approached her.
Lovin, Ive missed you so much. Amira said, hugging him.
Me too.
But Lovin, howve come you are so young, like at 17 years old?
This thing doesnt matter now Amira. Something else its much important! Our daughter!
I know. I received this from her. Amira said, showing Lovin the ring with the moonstone on it.
Yes. Save her Amira. Throw her you can save everybody.
Lovin I want I want for you to come back with me.
Amira wasnt far away from crying, and Lovin petted her watching her eyes with love.
If I could, I would, honestly. But I cannot leave this time, plus that I will always be here.
Here where Lovin? Amira said, with her voice shaking.
Here love, in your heart. The boy said, putting his hand on her chest.
I love you Lovin.
I love you too Amira. Now, go and save our daughter.
Lovin took her hand and together they were walking quickly towards the forest.
Lovin, where are you taking me? Amira asked curiously.
You will see, where everything started.
Amira had a hunch about where the boy was about to take her, but she let herself go. Lovin, while he was walking, was watching by time to time at Amira, warmly smiling, a thing which the girl felt it until her finger feet. Leaving the forest, they walked on the paved road and Amira remained masked when she saw that they were heading towards the crossroad. Not just any crossroad but the Pepromeno one.
Lovin, what are we doing here? Amira said in the moment when the boy leaded her to that crossroad.
You told me Amira that you had a vision here. You saw your future daughter, she made a pact with the cursed flower of forget-me-not, you saw blood now its the moment to return back home, and to save her until its not too late.
Amira agreed only from her looks. Lovin hugged her and whispered.
Love, close your eyes and let yourself taken by my love.
Amira listen to him. She closed her eyes, feeling the boys warm and power, like wanting to never leave that memory or what was it. The warm started to fade away and the darkest coming back. Amira didnt feel Lovin no longer in her arms, even if she wanted so badly for Lovin to come back with her. The frost came back, covering Amira which was laying down into the cold snow. The day vanished, being already replaced by the night with the frozen moon which was already on the dark winter sky. Amira felt her head heavy, like in a moment it would explode. She got up from the snow, being a little dizzy and started to climb the marble stairs. She looked at her hand and saw the ring gave it by old lady Angell, which wasnt an illusion or a dream. The moonstone from the ring was beautiful shining in the night, and Amira gain courage and power walking quickly on the stairs. Was the moment to save her daughter from Kristall and to bring her back. Arrived in the main courtyard full of snow, Amira heard laughter and giggles from the house, and she intensity thought how she will give Angell the ring without Kristall to see.
Angell! Amira started to shout from the courtyard. Angell!
The woman was standing there with her hands in the pockets, waiting for her daughter to make a gesture. Indeed that the happiness from inside stopped, not hearing a thing from the house. At one point the door opened and Kristall appeared.
Amira, I thought that you learnt your lesson. The boy said threating.
Yes I know but I want just to say goodbye to Angell. She is however my daughter. She said with a silky voice, humble, hoping that the boy wouldnt catch her lying.
Yeah, very well then. After all, you procreate her. Kristall said laughing, and getting back inside.
Amira wanted to tell him something sweet about his procreation joke, but she thought wisely to shout her mouth. On the door Angell appeared, and Amira made large eyes, seeing that the girls her was shining from the hallway light, because was golden blond.
What do you want? Didnt you left already? She said with a glacial husky voice. 
Angell, I have something for you.
Why? Your will? She said ironically.
Please come here to give to you. At least to this for me, the last one. Amira said very sure of herself.
Angell watched behind without saying anything. She was putting in the balance that situation, then she careless shrugged, closing the door and going out at Amira.
Why not, I hope its expensive.
Getting closer to the woman, she could easily say that her daughter was possessed. Her face expected changed, not recognizing her any longer. Amira started to shake of nervous, thinking at that last chance which if she will not manage to fulfill it, she will lose Angell for good.
So woman, what do you have for me? And fast, cuz I am freezing here.
Look.
Amira took the ring from her pocket and showed her. Angell made big eyes at seeing the moonstone from the top, which had the A letter inscription on it.
Wow, what a gift. You did well giving that to me.
Amira smiled pleased, and starched the ring to her. Angell, greedy, snatched fast the ring, watching it with fascination, and then she put it on the pointer finger, slowly, admiring it.
Nice gift. But she didnt finish her sentence that she started to have convulsions. Amira putted her hand on her mouth being horrified. Angell felt in four legs, starting to throw up blue water.
What did you done to me? She said with a demonic glass which scared Amira.
Then she got up, wiping her mouth, watching Amira. The woman saw that little by little Angell was starting to regain her shape. The eyes were becoming green, soft and gentle, the face was no longer sharp and sucked, her chin started to gentle rounding, and her small thin white lips, to become fleshier and pinky. Her untidy blond hair was staring to get smoother and darken until the brown color came back, curling at the end. Angell looked scared at Amira which remained stoned.
Mo mom? She said, and her voice came back to normal.
Angell. Oh Lord.
Amira jumped in her arms, being extremely happy.
Mother. God. Trust me, it was not my fault. I didnt want to do or to say a lot of things, I was like controlled.
I know Angell. Trust me, I know.
ANGELL? A voice shouted from the door.
Angell turned slowly from her mothers hugging, looking like she just wanted to kill. A powerful hate could be read in her eyes. The revenge.
Yeah? She shouted back.
What do you mean yeah? Kick out your mom and come inside. He said angry.
Angell, whatever you do, do not take the ring off. Amira said to her in whisper.
Coming. love. Angell said ironically, and smile to Amira without Kristall to see.
Come on already. My balls will freeze.
Angell walked slowly towards him, smiling. Kristall watched her carefully, like he just realized that something wasnt right.
Kristall. I have a good and a bad news. What is the first you want to hear?
Doesnt matter.
The bad news is I want to break up. And the good news is I dont give a shit about you, now get the fuck out of my house, you little piece of shit!
What the hell its wrong with you?
GET THE FUCK OUT!
Kristall watched her like the girl lost her mind. Then he started to laugh loudly like Angell just told him a good joke.
But you are so naive. Do you think that I can go since you are the one who brought me here?
Amira frown at that affirmation, not understanding what he was talking about.
Yes. Once I brought you here, I can easily cast you back.
Back where Angell? And I really dont understand how you are changed.
Do you mean why I am not your dummy anymore?
WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER? He yelled at Amira.
A little help from another time. The woman said smiling and very happy because of his reaction.
I DONT UNDE
But suddenly stopped when Angell showed him what ring she had on her finger.
The moonstone. THATS IMPOSIBLE. Where do you have his?
It is my secret, you stupid ass. Amira said happy.
THE HUMANS CANNOT PUT THEY HAND ON THIS! Kristall started to rags. ONLY THE GODS HAVE THE STONE!
Whatever, doesnt matter. You are leaving now, Kristall.
TAKE IT OFF! He shouted and grabbed Angells arm, trying to take the ring away. Amira ran to him, to save her daughter, and without knowing, she took action in a second. The stone gain power, shining so strongly that it cast Kristall away, landing on the snow.
YOU DONT KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING YOU STUPID GIRL! YOU WILL PAY FOR THIS! The boy said, leaving from the yard, taking care to slam the gate.
Angell was more than amazed, looking at the stone, and her mother was more than shocked.
Angell?
*
Next day Kristall didnt shown up, and the two women were more the relief. Amira told Angell in every detail what happened after she passed out, where she had the stone and the crossroad premonition.
You knew what will happen? Angell asked her shocked.
The two of them were seating in the living room at the warm of the fire from the fireplace, drinking hot chocolate in two cups.
Sort of yes Angell. I didnt know at that time what all was about, only that Ive got scared. Now I know.
Mother let me tell you where Kristall came from.
Her mothers story was nothing compared with Angells story. Amira remained shocked, putting her hand on the mouth,
Angell, honey, did you forgot what we promised to one another? That we would nothing hide.
Yes mom, but its dangerous.
Ive been hearing legends about the Forget-me-not. Was the cursed flower of the island.
How did the flower end up cursed?
Through the Amara Goddess.
Amara goddess? This is the name of the sea.
Yes the Amara sea, its named after the goddess who created the flowers, plants, Amara, after the legends. Was the supreme goddess, but she had three brothers. The name of the cities. Sunshine, the goddess of prosperity, of the sun and power, Moonlight, her twin sister, the goddess of love, of fairy tells. The legends says that the goddess Amara was sent by Mother Nature to give humans the flowers, as she wasnt founding any place where to spread her powers, she detached a piece of earth from the continent and pulled it until the middle of the sea, a piece which no human cant touch. Our island. It says that in four days, Amara goddess created the life on Ieloharis Island. In the first day she took from the ground and pulled up the Pya Mountains, and then she populated the island with a bunch of flowers. The next day her sister Sunshine came along for help, which pulled the sun to warm the place, special for the flowers, in the third day, Sunshine twin sister came, Moonlight, which made the sun set for the first time, and on the dark sky she pulled the moon for taming with love the flowers. In the last day, their small brother arrived, OldStory coming to help. He named each flower individually, creating legends, myths and the time on the island. Day, night, hour, the minute. How the Amaras brothers didnt wish to leave the island no longer, the goddess agreed to share the island and every one of them to have their piece of sacred ground. Therefore the cities formed. Amara took the biggest piece, where Sareville and Careville are now. Because on the island was still missing something, Amara took humans from the continent, from the most pure humans and brought them to the island to populate it. So the island ends up with humans which were taking care of the flowers. 
Sunshine called her daughter to live with them, the Rains daughter. She felt in love with a mortal and they had a daughter together. The Rains Daughter was cast away from the island by Mother Nature because she broke a supreme principle, a one that involves humans and gods cannot mix up. In her memory, Sunshine organized every year the Rain Festival, to call her daughter back; it says that the chosen girls were the followers. It says that one night; Amara dreamt something that she didnt create before. A new flower.  Was a shiny blue one. In the next day she called her brothers to witness the flowers creation. Was the most beautiful flower ever made and also the strongest. But, because was no longer a free space on the island, the goddess created them in a cave, and there they were feeding themselves with stars. It says that one night, one of the gods, it didnt say who visited the flowers and made a deal with them. If the flowers will rebelling against the humans, to take their souls, then the humans will vanish from the island, and the flowers will gain power.  Said and done, the flowers were destroying the humans, getting stronger and stronger. At one point, Amara found out the flowers plan and she cursed them. They would be forgotten by the humans, and remembered only in legends, and who will touch the flower will be murdered and s OldStory called them Forget-me-not. The flowers were hidden from humans eyes but it says that the deal made with that god its still dominating. Forget-me-not its stealing the human souls for that god or goddess, which didnt agree from the beginning for the island to be populated by humans.
Angell remained bag at the blue flowers story, asking herself if sooner or later she will have to meet Amara.
Mom but think in this way that Lovin died because of the flowers. He gave you a forget-me-not flower.
It is true. Lets hope that no one will touch them.
Right then at the door someone was knocking. Angell frighten lest at any to be Kristall at her door and to ruin their life again.
Relax, its not Kristall, trust me. Amira ensured her, seeing her suspicious look.
Ok, then who is it then?
Youll see. Amira smiled happy, walking to the door. Angell watched carefully to the entrance from the living room and she observed Lania among with Serena.
The girls were watching one another, no one saying a word. Angell didnt know with what to start and Lania with Serena probably were expecting something from Angell, like a sincere apologizes. 
Why are you standing like statues? Get along already! Amira said to the three of them.
The girls were enough clumsy to not make a move, but didnt last long and Lania started to cry, running to Angells arms, and Angell hugged her bursting to tears. Serena didnt last eighter long, even if she wanted to be indifferent and ran towards them, hugging.
Thats the spirit. Now, who wants boiled wine?
*
So you were such a pain in the ass. You should saw yourself the way you were behaving.
Yes, plus that you had blond hair with cold eyes, demonic and blue.
Ok, Ive got the idea. Angell said smiling. Anyway, I am really sorry girls.
Hey! What is that ring? Serena asked, observing the girls ring from her pointing finger. 
Its a ring which ahm. Angell not knowing what to tell them.
It is a ring which belonged to my mother. From generation to generation. Amira said quickly, saving her daughter from explanations. 
Wow, cool. Anyway Angell what happened to you? Lania said.
Angell sighed from all her power, taking a drink from her sweet with cinnamon wine. Then she looked at her mother, like she was asking her from the eyes if was ok to tell the truth to the girls of not. Her mother closed her eyes, smiling, softly nodding her hear.
Girls, can I trust you?
The two of them changed some looks.
Like always
Only to not think I am crazy or something.
Crazier then you are now? We dont think that is possible. Serena laughed.
We promise Angell, whatever you will say. Lania said, giving Angell courage.
Ok, so
She spent the most part telling them every single detail what happened after she left the wedding. Amira was sometimes strengthened her story with a yes, is true. While she was talking about how she found the flower, putting a wish, and so one, the girls were sipping every single word from the girls mouth, articulating sometimes a wow or God, both displaying on their faces a curiously, trustable and pity expression. When she finished the story, Lania had her eyes wet with her hand at the mouth, and Serena remained opened mouth. A moment of silence came, in which only the pendulum from the clock could be heard.
So oh my God, now I understand. Thats why Kristall suddenly appeared. You brought him alive from that paper. You know what I still dont understand, what is the Marked?
Well its terrible to be Marked, trust me. Lovin was Marked and he anyway. Angell said, bending her head.
Amira bowed her eyes down, trying to get away from a thought, like Lovin really did died. Angell took her glance from her cup, and then further said.
When a person, besides me, tears or touch a Forget-me-not flower, its Marked, and means that it will carry a curse. In two or three days will start to lose its memory, will not have a clue who or what is he or she, from where is it, and so on. After that death.
But from where do you know that a person its Marked? Lania asked.
Well, the 14 number will appear in his palm callus. Like a burn.
GLANG. Serenas wine cup overthrown on the carpet, and Amira quickly ran to clean it. The girls were looking odd at their friends behavior, which she was standing on her feet, shaking like a leaf, with her hands on the mouth, looking terrified.
Serena, what is it? Angell asked.
Serena didnt say a word, and showed her left hand to Angell. Was like a lightning just streak Angell when she saw her palm, where the 14 number was crested.
NO!
In the next days, Angell, Lania and Serena were standing together, being unbreakable, fearing that Serena to not happen something, even if the curse started to do its effects, Serena forgetting more than usual. At one point she didnt recognized Lania, meeting like for the first time with her. Amira wasnt complaining at all that the girls were living at her place; on the contrary, she was very glad that Angell came back to normal.
The February month came, and Angells birthday was very simple. Her mother gave her as a gift a silver little chain, and Lania with Serena (even though she was like a plant with no memory) gave her an expensive perfume set and a lily of the valley flowers bouquet. 
Oh girls you shouldnt have. Angell said, hugging them.
This isnt all the surprise. Lania said, smiling.
What do you mean? Angell frowned, getting suspicious.
Me, miss Amira, Serena poor of her, and Emell here, we brought you a special gift. Lania smiled.
A car? Angell giggled.
Dont be ridiculous Angell. Amira said.
Your gift its already at your door.
Angell smiled to the persons which were in her living room (Lania, Emell, Amira, Sabrina with Doriss and Serena) and she shake her shoulders, going to the entrance door. When she opened the door, her heart came into her mouth. The gift wasnt a car or an object. Was a person.
Ma Marvell?
Marvell was standing straight at the door, with a lovely red rose bouquet, smiling to her.
Happy Birthday Angell.
Angell passed from amazed to happiness. The girl let her tears to come out from her beautiful and green eyes, and then she jumped in the boys arms, kissing him.
Oh my God Marvell. I am so glad that youre here.
Well how could I miss your birthday.
The others started to applaud at the scene with the lovers hugging.
Angell, dont leave your gift at the door. He will freeze. Amira said, in the others amusement.
Yes. Sorry. Gift, do you make my honor to come in?
I suitably am. Marvell laughed, entering.
The night came quickly, and all of them were partying for the first time from so long. Angell wanted her birthday to be even the end of the sufferings and the beginning of a new chapter.
After the midnight the music was still on. Amira was dancing with Doris, Sabrina with Marvell, and Emell with Serena, even if she was laughing not knowing why. Lania and Angell were seating in the kitchen, seriously talking, far from the loudly music.
I dont know Lania. I fear that this will not end up that fast. Persons were missing. I am afraid that will happen the same think as Lovin or Mariuss. And Serena will be next.
Stop thinking like that. Mariuss is fine. He is in OldStory. I visit him with Serena a week ago. He was weak and ill. He just said that he will no longer come by, that he will leave the island for good, and to take care of you.
Mariuss told me, when I saw him last time at the sea-port, to be carefully with Kristall. He knew, Lania. I dont know from where, but he knew what was going on. And I like a stupid girl didnt listen to him.
Angell. Lets be serious, you didnt know that this will happen, right?
Yes, this is true.
Therefore stop worrying, lets go back, to dance, drink, have fun you dont turn 23 years old every day, do you?
That is true. Angell said smiling.
So, then lets roll.
You go first, I will take some drinks from the kitchen and I will come.
So Lania went back in the living room, taking Amira to dance. Angell watched very thoughtfully on the kitchen window.
Chapter IX 
The Nightmare
(Back to top)
The spring came, warding of the winter from the Ieloharis island, and the flowers started to reborn. The snowdrops flowers were the first to see spread over the land, so many that gave the impression of that the snow never left the island. The sun was preparing to warm once more the grounds, but this time more gentle. The birds came back, and the forests started to sprout, showing the spring green of their branches.
Marvell swear that he will never leave Angell again, considering that the girl told who was Kristall for real (she skipped the wish part, only that he suddenly appeared, bewitched her) and Angell promised him that they will get married.
What? Are you serious? Marvell asked, somehow not believing.
Yes. Very serious. I thought it well and I end up at the conclusion that I care for you more than anything and I promise Marvell that I will always be honest with you.
Marvell hugged her with warm, being in heavens, so hard that Angell felt like she was about to choke.
Amira was so thrilled, but she frighten somehow that the past will be once more the present. Angell was tired to see Amira on guard all the time, and every time she warned her daughter to keep her moonstone on the finger, because no one will know when Kristall will appear.
Mom! Stop it. I am so sick and tired. Dont you understand that he left the island with his family?
Angell, for real, I am not so sure of that. Maybe he just said so, when actually he didnt.
Mother, you are concerning too much, really, instead of being happy that everything its over.
Amira didnt say anything, preferring to bite her lips. She didnt agree with her daughters believes, she couldnt be sure until the flowers would be forever gone, and Angell couldnt banish them away, or to hear them, being scared of them. Amira left the living room, being full of worries. After the woman left, Marvell fixed his glance to a point from the fireplace, lost somehow in his thoughts, but he spoke them.
You know Angell; I am starting to believe that your mother is right.
Oh, do not start too Marvell. I am tired of this discussion. Both of you understand this that her disappeared!
I dont know what to say. I am not sure that he left without a fight. From where do you know that he really left? he said fern, looking at her.
But she stopped when Dingo started to bark loudly, and to jump from his hallway basket, waving his tail and waiting for the door to open. Someone could be heard crossing the courtyard fast, and then some knocks at the door, making Dingo barked once more and to jump. Angell got up, and walked quickly to the door, and opened it.
On the threshold were standing Lania and Emell, being very scared. It could see clearly that she was crying very hard.
Lania, Emell, for the love of God, what happened? Are you alright?
We are fine Angell, sort off. We have a terrible news. Emell said instead of Lania, because Angells friends couldnt talk because of crying. Even Emell had his face white as snow, like he just saw a ghost.
Come in, dont seat outside. Angell said. Marvell came too, watching Lania scared, shaking Emells hand and together entered the living room.
Lania, do you want something to drink?
Aa whiskey.
A what?
Pl please. Lania said, and Angell was very amazed, because her blond friends wasnt drinking alcohol without a music been played. She thought that how much the girl was devastating, a whiskey would be perfect. Therefore she took the entire bottle.
She poured in a glass for Lania, which didnt stop crying, asking herself what the hell happened, and Emell was refusing to say something, being too scared, In the room, Amira appeared.
God Lania, what happened? Amira asked her too.
Se Serena Lania was struggling to speak, and drank all the whiskey, then she watched the others who were seating around her, being curios.
Is she ok? Angell asked.
She remembered that Serenas parents called her back home, because Serena was seating too much at Angells place and the girl had to leave, and since then, Angell stood with a fear in her soul.
She she died.
For a minute was totally silence. Angell made big eyes like she didnt get what Lania said.
Wha what?
Angell, Serena died. They found her without a breath in her house. Emell said, hugging Lania harder, because the girl started to sighed and to suffer much stronger than before.
Angell got up on her feet, starting to shake. Wasnt real what the two of them said, shaking her head unbelieving a thing.
N no, its not true.
Angell? Love? Are you ok?
Angell turned her head scared to Marvell.
Do I look like I am ok?
Well
DO I FUCKING LOOK LIKE I AM OK? MY BEST FRIEND JUST D
And she started to hit his hard chest with her fists, starting to cry. Marvell hugged her and kissed her forehead.
There, there, love.
Amira felt in a chair nearby, being pale. She took the whiskey bottle and said.
I still have a bottle left.
The night felt softly over the island, and outside was silence, only the crickets choir could be heard. Angell was seating on the ground, like a statue, watching the fire from the fireplace. She drank four glasses of whiskey and she didnt felt almost a thing. Was silence and everyone being in their own thoughts. Lania was the one who drank the most, getting drunk, starting to hum a song in Emells arms. Marvell was seating in the chair, drinking slowly whiskey and Amira was on the sofa, lost in thoughts.
Anyway Angell knew very well that Serena was predisposing to death, having already the 14 number on her hand, but she preferred to believe that somehow she will protect her friend from the curse. Angell was aware that she was saved from the curse and from the Kristalls influences and from the stupid flower, through the moonstone which she was wearing on the finger. Somehow she wanted to give it to Serena, but her mother said that only she could wear it. Now she was regretting very much. Was probably the worst moment in her life. She couldnt bear the thought that she had to berry another dear person, and she was left with two friends instead of four.
Serena was her first best friend. Serenas parents were lawyers, being her family ones. Amira and Narcissa, Serenas mother, where high school colleagues, and best friends, and automatically her daughter, Serena, became with Amiras daughter, sisters. They had together a beautiful history and a lot of stories, created by both.
Snowy came too, purring relaxed, being the only one who wasnt worried, sad or scared. Even Dingo felt was what going on, being muzzle on paws.
The truth was that Angell didnt care no longer about anything, only the one which remained. Maybe was better to forget the idea of the wheel turning to her life with goodness, because since when he plant the flower in the backyard garden, only trouble came over her.
Lania felt asleep in the living room, and Emell took her in his arms, conducted by Amira, to Angells room.
Marvell. Can you leave me alone, please? Angell asked, drinking from the whiskey, without taking her eyes from the fire.
Sure love.
He got up, kissing her top of her head, then left, looking worried behind. Angell mediated at the tragedy more after midnight, as much that she was about to explode plus the consumed drink how was making its effect on her, slowly.
If it wasnt that minor and mysterious thing with the Marked, the probable didnt come, and everything would be perfect. First of all, she hated so much that she putted that stupid wish when she had Marvell beside her, and second, she could now have a full family; Lovin prepared to ask her mother as his wife once more. But seemed to be that all those things, which were about to happen in her life, were shattered by her ego.
But she couldnt do anything no longer. When she planted the flowers, she didnt think at the consequences.
She was so self-furious, that she didnt which more then to be Marked herself and to forget everything, following Serena. She closed her eyes, thinking at the good moments with her friend, Serena Paulla Codriss.
A warm tear poured from her greenish eyes, and Angell started to laugh alone, crying at the same time, somehow refusing to accept the reality, remembering the childhood.
Was a sunny day of summer, and the two girls didnt had more than 11 years old, and they were discussing very serious about boys.
I think he boys dont have brains at all. Thats my mother used to say, every time she fights with dad. Maybe their brains disappear when they get upset.
It is not true. The boys are made to make a girl happy.
Angell came back in her stunning present, and got up balancing, putting the empty glass down on the carpet. She headed to the window still with her smile on the lips, even if her tears were swimming in her eyes, mirroring the dreadful pain from her soul, watching outside seeing the forest how was waved easily by a warmly spring wind.
Poor of you Serena. You always said that you will never die. That if the death will try to search you, you will bit the hell out of her.
Then she started to cry, putting her hands at her eyes. She put her head on the window, hitting almost cracking it.
*
  At her funeral, was so much pain, that even the wheatear changed itself becoming gray. A lot of people were crying young Serena off, which left the world too soon, and unfair. Angell felt a new wave of guild by her death, but she was refusing to say this thing to no one, fearing agreeing with her.
While the priest was saying that every human have they way to walk on in the life, and after all of us have a date to pay to the death, Angell was watching in silence Serenas body, which seemed sleeping and she was waiting in ever second that the girl will get up and to say a funny expression, but unfortunately isnt possible. She observed the 14 number on her hand, because Serena was standing with her palms up (was the ieloharian tradition).  A blind fury took charge on Angells body. Because of her stubbornness, did happened what happen.
Late in the night, she and Lania went to the Pound alone, putting a blue blanket on the ground (Serenas favorite color) and started to talk about Serena all night, listening the crickets.
Do you remember the last words Serena spoke to us? Lania asked, playing careless with a blanket corner.
I will be right back. Angell said sad.
She was getting sadder when remembered that she let Serena go, when she could follow her. She couldnt explain to her parents that their daughter was cursed by a mythological flower, and she will about to die, they would believe that Angell was drugged. Even if Serena said that she will be back, she did it but in a lacquered coffin.
Remember when she helped you with Arvis? Angell asked Lania.
When was that?
When you had sixteen years old and you decided to deflowered, because of me and Serena saying all the time, The Virgin Lania.
Anyway you were virgin as well. Lania said, with a trace of smile on her face.
Of course, but we preferred to torture you.
Yes, I remember that event, was really hilarious.
They discus about Serena until the dawns, from the tragically loss of their friends, until they started to laugh and somehow enjoying for Serena, for that she was a funny girl and wanted for them to remember her in that way.
The sun was sharing the first rays on the freshly earth, slipping throw the tree branches of the forest. Meanwhile Marvell were searching the girl in the Pound, getting closer to the small muddy lake, in the dense forest which was attached to dense fog.
When suddenly, without expecting, he met no other amphipathic person then Kristall Carter. He threating smiled, being taller and stronger then Marvell.
Marvell. What a surprise, I was searching you. He said.
And you are?
Kristall Carter. Glad to meet you. The boy said ironically.
Ah yeah you are the asshole which stole my fianc.
Fianc? Kristall seemed interested.
Ah yeah, you didnt know? Marvell said with sarcasm. We will get married soon.
Well congratulations dear Marvell, but I have to tell you something clearly. I for one do not give up; I want Angell, even if I have to destroy the entire world to reach her. And plus, lets be serious, I am her dream boy.
Too bad dude. You can no longer do anything about it. But you know what you can do now? To disappear. Marvell said, and the last word he pronounced severely, threating. Kristall burst into laughter which didnt predict something good.
Well, you know what, because I am a nice guy or just forget it, I am not, and I do not wish to step foot aside. Anyway, thats why I was searching for you. I wanted to talk with you all day, and look the sun isnt full raised yet.
For you I dont have even a second, you stupid jerk. Bye.
Marvell let Kristall to smile like a fool further, walking away from him, getting into the trees, searching further the girls. Didnt last long, and he woke up with him once more, after a tree, and this time Kristall was about to explode of anger.
So you dont want to step aside, right?
Right. I dont.
Kristall walked slowly towards him, pulling out a sharp and long knife, with its silver with rubies handle. Marvell lost his triumph smile seeing the sharp and dangerous dagger.
Play cool bro! I dont want any trouble.
Nor will you have them.
Marvell didnt stand to be stabbed, therefore he turned away throw the trees, making Kristall to laugh hysterical. But didnt last longer until he was running into the forest labyrinth, that something grabbed his chest, crashing him down on the ground with his front.
Kristall didnt stay and chat, grabbing Marvells hair.
Say goodbye to your life. Kristall said, and he stretched his head. Everything happen in a fraction of a second, Kristall waved the sharp knife, cutting his throat deepest possibly.
The innocent blood squirted, splashing everything around, while Marvell was struggling with his last powers like a chicken to her sacrifice.
The sun rose up for good on the morning sky, lighting the ruby liquid from the leafs and trees, where Marvell was killed.
Angell was sleeping peaceful on the blanket, hugging Lania, both of them sagging because of the mornings chill, when someone woke her up. She rubbed her eyes to see better who waked her and made big eyes seeing a little ginger boy, which was making desperately signs to come over to him. The girl didnt stay to wait for a second thought and woke up for good from sleeping, watching her friends, which was deep sleeping. She followed the boy throw the forest, seeing that he wasnt making any sound at the touch of the ground, even if Angell was cracking everything around. He was softly blue and pale, transparent, and the girl realized that he wasnt a human, but a ghost, and surprise even for he she didnt care or to get scared, on the contrary she felt comfort around that tiny spirit.
After she ran, following the ghost boy, which sometimes he was simply going throw the trees, suddenly stopped seeing something macabre. She got very scared, starting to shake, putting her hand on the mouth, being white as paper. She felt in her knee near the corpse, starting to cry and to put her forehead on Marvells, who had his throat cut, the eyes lost and his chest naked, where on it the 14 number was jagged in his skin. The girl filled with blood, and a fury conquered her knowing who was guilty for that crime. She shouted angry at the sky, and started to hit the ground hard with her fist, hard that she started to bleed. She couldnt resist more to the shocks, she was so used to seeing death, that she couldnt no longer be frighten or horrified, but simply angry, furious, wanting to revenge. She watched the little phantom which slowly was fading, not until Angell figured out who was it. The little Villo, the murdered boy founded in his courtyard, was a spirit which hunted the island in the search for peace. Not the girl understood. He was the one who jumped in front of her car, he was the one who called her at Marvells party, and he was the one who yelled so loud when Angell was getting closer the cursed flowers cave.
*
The Moonlight was very frighten that the murderer came back, having something with Veriss family. First he killed Lovin, then he attacked Serena, Mariuss disappeared without a trace, and Marvell felt in his trap. The crime investigators didnt understand what exactly happened, and couldnt find the 14 killer, how they called him, because all his victims had on their skin jagged this number. The press didnt stop coming to the womens gate, at Amira and Angell, wanting to find hot news, being named by them the cursed ones. Three murdered only in their courtyard. The press found out about Amiras parents which practical they killed one another, saying that the woman was in fact a witch. Angell, sick of all those scandals, exit the house, walking to the gate, and thrown cold water with ice over a reporter woman from the Ieloharis TV, who dare to call Angell, the witch daughter.
ARE YOU INSANE?! The reporter yelled, and the camera man was filming the entire scene, amused.
I WILL SHOW YOU WHO IS THE WITCH, YOU STUPID HORE WITH A MICROPHONE. Angell shouted angry. IF YOU WILL NOT LEAVE THIS PLACE IN THREE SECONDS, I WILL CURSE YOU TO REMAIN STERILLE! NO MONEY, EVERYTHING IN YOUR LIFE TO BE RUINED.
The woman didnt think much, and took her cameraman which was having so much fun, and left with their truck. Angell knew that she will be the TV press mock, but she really didnt care a bit. She was so furious on the press that they were refuting everything that she really wanted to go to their place. After finding out, from the press of course, Sabrina came fast to Moonlight, taking care of her big cousin, which felt in depression because of the newspapers. Angell was furious on her mother as well, because she was taking their rubbish serious, therefore she was tired to explain to her that was no use to give them water to their mill.
The night came, and Angell, sick and tired of her mothers depression, went to bed earlier. She dreamt something odd. In the dream Marvell was crying, having a blue forget-me-not flower in his hand. He told Angell that was her fault because he died. The flower became a snake, biting Angells leg.
Her cellphone rang at 6 oclock in the morning (because she set it in every Wednesday to ring for her to water the flowers, before the dawn) and when she woke up for good then she realized that she had good reasons to be sad. She started to laugh, ironically, like she just had a hilarious dream, and with a headache she stopped the phone alarm, heading to the bathroom, taking a pill. She watched herself in the mirror, realizing that she was looking like a ghost. Pale, with dark circles under her eyes. She dressed, putting some short pants, special for entering the water. She lowered the stairs, and went to the main courtyard. Dingo came out from his house, waving his tale, and petted him with love, kissing him on his head. She saw at the east side, over the forest, the pinky sky, sign that the sun will raise up in a minute now, and she didnt had much time to seat, therefore she went straight to the Forget-me-not flowers, to take the sprinkle. But she stopped. She was looking at them, at the sprinkle and started to laugh. She thrown the sprinkle away and she took a seat on the grass right next to the blue flowers, watching them ironically.
Before you say goodbye from this world, I want to tell you that I will not miss you at all. You manipulated me how the hell you wanted, I was a fool and I curse the day I planted you here. But because you ruined my life, now I will ruin you, you bitches. You messed with the wrong human.
Angell walked in the middle of the flowers, steeping on them, seeing that the cobalt blue flowers were starting to puff some small lines of smoke.
She started to laugh, seeing the small blue flowers which were starting to burn.
And let me tell you something else, you motherfuckers! I do not believe a damn thing from your promised nightmare. I dont care what will happen next, I just want for you to get the hell out from this world!
The small wires of smokes were starting to get thicker by the minute where the skyline was expanding. The sun pulled up his head after the forest, seeing his golden rays; Angell retreat from the flowers, fearing to not burn with them, because exactly this thing happen to them. One by one, like an invisible hand was ignited them, the flowers started to burn. A husky rough voice could be heard from the flowers, which were burning for good, making a huge blue flame, up above all.
Angell made a mocking sign towards them, like a good bye, having an evil satisfaction on her face, observing how the flowers were burning, becoming ash, and with the bottle full of Forget-me-not tea, she took momentum, throwing it in the blue fire, and exploded, like Angell just thrown a grenade. She saw happily that beside the flowers nothing around was affected by fire. The bushes remained the same, and the trees untouched by the fire.
HELP! FIRE!
Angell turned away and saw her mother which was running towards the fire, holding a bucket. She thrown the water but the fire was more intense. Amira ran toward the sea but Angell stopped her.
Mom! No! Calm down, this fire is not a natural one! It is only from flowers, let them burn!
But Angell we will burn too!
God woman, why dont you understand that only the flowers are on fire? Lets go inside!
Amira didnt say a word, having the empty bucket in her hand, watching the huge blue flame which was strongly burning. It was difficult to believe that the fire cannot touch the house. But she shouted, walking behind Angell, without taking her eyes from the blue fire.
NO! WHAT ARE YOU DOING YOU CRAZY BITCH? A shout appeared from nowhere.
Amira and Angell stopped walking, looking around to find the source of the voice. From the marble steps, Kristall was running terrified, seemed like he was about to get mad.
NO! THE QUEEN WILL KILL ME!
Amira turned to Angell, like she was demanding an explanation from her looks, but Angell remained amazed at hiss affirmation, not understanding what exactly happened. For real, she knew that Kristall was just a simple wish, a picture from her imagination brought to life, not at all to behave like he was the one who created the flowers.
STOP! STOP IT THIS ISTANCE! He yelled at Angell.
Amira left scared inside the house, with the bucket, at her daughter insistence, which was looking very serious at Kristall, waving his hand with energy, being scared.
No. She said shortly, approaching with much courage then she usual have to the mad boy.
The smile which the girl was displaying was making the boy go wild, and not in the good way of the word, who was watching her with hate and reproach, but in the same time with helpless.
You will do this.
I will not. Point number one I dont know how to extinguish the fire then
WITH THE WATER FROM THE SEA, YOU STUPID GIRL!
I DONT WANT TO DO THIIS, YOU DUMBASS! I set the flowers on fire, whatever I didnt watered them! Why dont you water them if you cry for them? Angell said with sort of sarcasm, getting angry for the simple fact that he boy offended her.
I CANT! I CANNOT TOUCH THE SALIN WATER!
I dont give a shit if you cannot do it!
Do you want to see something spectacular? He said with an evil smile on his face, making Angell to freeze.
What do you mean by that? Let my mother alone!
Why I should leave her alone? Since that slut with glasses born a stupid bitch like you!
With an extraordinary speed, like an eagle, Kristall grabbed Angells arm going with her to the house columns, which were holding the balcony from the back of the courtyard. Out of nowhere made ropes to appear, which were bind Angell very tight, in the way that the girl to not have a single chance to escape from that grip who was almost choked her.
LET ME GO! LET
But Kristall grabbed her hair and kissed her so hard, biting her lips, that she started to bleed, then like a prize he bind her mouth too.
Ah, I love so much the human taste. Hush; shut up, your beautiful voice is too sharp for my smooth ears. Now, how Ive promised, my beautiful one, I will show you something spectacular.
Therefore he left from her side, and Angell was still struggling, crying and trying to find a way out, but she was to tight bind. Angell horrified even worse when she heard a much known woman screaming, and the girl struggled even harder.
LET ME ALONE! HEEEELP! Amira was yelling.
Kristall carried the woman, who was exasperated, at Angells face.
ANGELL!
SHUT UP!
And he snapped the woman with power that she felt down.
So Angell, I promised you something. You destroyed my flowers! And for that I will destroy your life. I will not do it, only with one condition.
Whatever it is Angell, do not accept it!
SHUT THE FUCK UP! Kristall yelled at her.
So, where was I. Ah yes, I, being your brought wish to life, I dont have much power left I get weaker by the minute, and I cannot serve my queen. So, you just have to accept me again in your life, and to go back to the way it should be, otherwise, your mother gets it. I will torture her in front of you.
Angell do not accept.
Kristall untied her mouth, and Angell started to cough.
I will never accept it.
Very well then.
Kristall took off a shiny knife, with the ruby silver handle. He took Amiras hand, and with an extraordinary speed he cut the womans pointing finger. The woman yelled, splashing with blood everywhere, including Angells face, which was yelling too.
So?
Ok wait The girl said scared.
Angell, dont Amira was crying.
Kristall let her fall on the ground, untinting Angell from the ropes, taking her in his arms.
Kiss me Angell.
Angell kissed him, and Amira was crying desperately. Kristall then looked at her, and his smile vanished. Then the boy looked at her amazed, kissing her again, and again, and again.
 Why its not working? I should gain power by now, and you to transform.
Too bad.
He got angry and thrown her to the ground, screaming. Seemed to be that his charm wasnt working any longer. Angell smiled satisfied, and went to her mother.
Come here! He said, grabbing her arm.
Dont you see? You lost!
NEVER Moo the moonstone.
Angell hides her hands to the back, fearing that Kristall will take her ring.
Give me the stone Angell!
NEVER!
In the next minute the boy was struggling, or better said, was fighting with the girl, to gain the ring where the moonstone was on.
LET ME GO! Angell shouted.
ANGELL!
Kristall stopped and Angell looked to the courtyard, to see who called her name. For her surprise, a much known boy was running towards them. He was dressed in white, with the floral edged, barefoot. Seemed to be that the costume was made of silk having purple eyes.
Ma Mariuss? Angell got shocked.
Hey Angell
WHO ARE YOU? WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU WANT?
Your nightmare. Mariuss smiled to Kristall.
With a strike he threw him at a distance, turning quickly to Angell.
Its no time left. You will soon enter in the nightmare.
What? Mariuss how
I dont have time to explain Angell. You have to be very careful. Anyway, we will see each other, I promise you that. He said and kissed her forehead.
Mariuss, I dont understand, what iis going on?
Mariuss smiled to her, and Angell observed amazed  to descover how beautiful he was with that light purple eyes, almost pink.
I dont have time to explain everything now Angell. But I will. You made a huge mess and you have to pay for it. You are cursed Angell, you have to go into the Nightmare.
Mariuss grabbed Amiras hand, and for the both surprised, her pointing finger heals.
Now, Angell, Kristall is immobilized. Go and grab some sea water. Pour it on him! QUICKLY! Do not let him take the moonstone ring.
Angell didnt ask another thing, just because everything was to odd. She ran and saw the place where the flowers were burning, was empty, like the cursed flowers never been planted there. Angell didnt stop to analyze the situation, feeling her heart beating with power; she took the sprinkle and ran towards the marble stairs. Somewhere between them, Kristall was struggling to escape some roots, which came from the ground, immobilizing him. The girl was no longer amazed of horrified about a thing. What Mariuss mend with that entering the nightmare? She went into the sea, taking saline water, and then she returned on the beach, and then climbed the stairs, gasping, with the sprinkle in her hand. When she reached at the top of them, she watched Kristall. He, seeing the sprinkle, started too agitated and to struggle even harder.
Angell dont do this. Please! I love you!
Go to hell! She said, and without thinking, she tilted the sprinkle, and the water was pouring making Kristall yelling of pain. And like the flowers, he started to puff smoke. It was like Angell just poured boiled water or acid. 
Mariuss came to her, and Angell flinched, seeing the boys iris, from light purple becoming red, and looking better in his eyes, on the iris some words appeared in a forgot sacred language. Mariuss smiled, seeing her so curious.
Angell, you make me blush. He joked, and from a long time, Angell laughed.
Really? Mariuss, in fact who are you? You are definitely not human.
No, I am not human, but I am still you best friend Angell.
Interesting, a non-human friend. Like an alien.
Mariuss laughed, and both looked down, and where Kristall was, a picture of him appeared. Angell recognized it, was the paper which she pulled off from her laptop. She leaned, took it, and made it pieces.
If Serena would know that you Angell started but stopped. She forgot for a second that Serena was no longer between the livings.
Dont worry Angell. I met her. She cannot wait to see you.
What? Angell got amazed. Mariuss, I am not dyeing, am I?
No, you will not. Your spirit will leave your body and will step into the Nightmare. You have to end this all Forget-me-not curse.
Well I did it. I just burn the God damn flowers.
Mariuss shortly laughed.
Angell, just because you burn them, doesnt mean that it is the end of them. Forget-me-not can come back, and anyway she wants your soul. You sign a contract with her, or whatever, a pact. You dont have a choice.
Its like you give me non chances. Angell said, feeling her eyes wet. She had the impression that she was about to die.
Hey! No! Angell, I will be your guide in the nightmare. You will see. We will find everything together. I will help you to fix everything.
Can you please tell me who exactly are you?
You dream man. He joked, making Angell to laugh.
No, really.
Its not the right time to answer this. But you will find out soon enough. More faster than you would expected.
Angell didnt say a thing, looking towards the sea. She however wondered when she will fall in the Nightmare.
Mariuss, when I will leave into the Nightmare?
Tonight, when the moon is rising, when you sleep.
So basically will be just a dream?
Not quite. From the dream you can wake up. Where we will go, every small pain you will feel it, trust me.
Dont you come inside? I will make some breakfast. Amira said.
Angell nodded her head, taking Mariusss hand, and felt a strange warmth. Was easily happy that she get rid of Kristall and flowers, but terrified that the worst past didnt came yet.
Mariuss, what is written on your iris?
What, you cannot read it?
No.
Its on the ieloharian language. You should have known already who I am.
Angell grimace. The Ieloharian language and Latin were the classes which Angell hated the most.
I can see that you have no idea. And II thought that you were a book worm. Mariuss laughed.
I felt the But she stopped, because Amira turned her glances.
Late but still, what its saying? Angell continued.
Its my birth certificate to say like that. I will not tell you.
Dont start with me Mariuss. I will take the dictionary and I will tell you.
Mariuss laughed, and Angell observed that the red iris was becoming darker, becoming brown, and the Ieloharian words were starting to get golden color.
God, your eyes are so odd.
You humans are much odder then us.
Mariuss, I wanted to ask you. Amira said, opening the fridge, taking a bottle of juice. The A letter from the moonstone, from what it comes?
From Amallia. The Moonlight goddess daughter. The first Rains Daughter. Mariuss smiled, like he said that the ring was from a shop. 
Angell and Amira changed some looks. Angell was somehow used to the fantasy, maybe just because she could speak with a flower, but didnt understand since when the gods interfere.
Mom. I really wanted to ask you, who gave you the ring?
I told you before, you gave it to me.
Yeah, when I had 1000 years old, no, really
Really. Mariuss smiled, and Amira turned to him. I brought you mother in time. In the past and in the future. You gave the ring to your mother Angell.
You did this to me Mariuss? Amira asked amazed.
Miss Amira, trust me that you were no longer alive when Kristall hit you.
What? Angell asked, getting up from the table, being shocked.
You mean that he killed me? Amira asked.
Yes. But I took care of your spirit to guide it through time. And I brought you back in the present. We had to save somehow Angell. The moonstone annihilates every single charm effect.
Thats why Kristall couldnt control me. Angell said, everything made sense.
So, was everything an illusion? Amira asked.
No. Miss Amira you
Amira. I feel much older when you call me like that. Like Angell from that time.
Hey! The girl jumped.
Mariuss laughed short, addressing again to Amira.
So, Amira. Wasnt an illusion. It is a long story and I cannot tell you all right now. I am not allowed. I am here with a purpose. In the mortal world I cannot tell you who I am, or what aim do I have.
Mortal? What you are a god or something? Angell laughed same as Amira, seeing that Mariuss wasnt laughing; only smiling.
Angell looked at Amira, and then shocked she got up from her chair, watching Mariuss with her mouth opened, seeing that his iris was black like a coal, and the Ieloharian words were gold, softly spinning.
So are you a god?
I cannot say anything in this world. Here I am very burnable. Mariuss said.
Me who I was catholic and stuff.
Dont panic, you are still a Christian. I didnt say for you to believe in gods. Practical, the gods are pale entities by time; the humans have the free will to believe in what they want.
True. Amira smiled to Mariuss.
The Mariuss God? I never heard him before. Angell thought.
Mariuss loudly laughed.
My name is not The God Mariuss, Angell or even Mariuss. This is my mortal name, or lets call it human name, sounds better.
But then? You are Sunshine?
Sunshine its a female goddess Angell. Amira sad.
Lets change the subject. I cannot say anything. I am weak here. I will tell you everything in the Nightmare.
Angell, what the hell do you think youre going? Amira started.
She has no choice. She made a pact with Forget-me-not, and now she has to pay.
What do you mean? She will not be hurt, does she?
Not at all. She will see what all is about.
And when you will leave Angell? Amira asked.
Tonight. By the way Mariuss, if I refuse? I mean, if am I not coming?
That is impossible. Someday you have to sleep. My advice is now, when I am still around. Otherwise you would have to get yourself throw it. And I think you do not wish this.
Yeah ok. Its like going in a trip.
Amira sighed. 
Let me prepare you a bag with food.
Mariuss laughed loudly again.
Trust me Amira. She will not need any food or water. She will leave the Earth. Her body will stay here, with the objects as well.
You mean that she will die? Amira shocked herself.
She will not die. She will wake up the next day morning, if Angell is careful. Otherwise yes she will die.
Angell was more shocked, refusing to look at her mother, which left the kitchen.
Silence was much wiser.
Mariuss shake his shoulders. 
*
The moon rose up and Mariuss announced her that she has to sleep. The boy came in her room, to be beside her.
I will bring you into the Nightmare. Who knew where you could land if you were waking up yourself.
Mariuss. Stop scaring me.
Ok, come on. Sweet dreams Angell, see you in the Nightmare.
Angell was nervous. Knowing for the beginning that wasnt easy for her to fall asleep, and considering that she knew where she was about to go, the girl took a sleep pill and drank warm milk, and now everything was working, feeling her eyelids heavy. . She saw Mariusss light blue eyes, and felt asleep.
She didnt know if the crickets were singing, for sure they stopped doing that, and she could hear a wind with a strongly roar sound. 
Angell! Come on! Mariuss said.
Angell opened her eyes. She was still on her bed, and she looked towards Mariuss, softly flinching. He had the hair golden blond, and on his fingers he was wearing some rings.
Angell, come on, wake up.
Mariuss. I feel strange But she stopped because she saw that was dressed differently, much more differently. She was wearing the Rain Festival costume.
Mariuss what the
We dont have much time left Angell. We have to go to the cave, now! Mariuss shouted, grabbing Angells hand.
Angell automatically looked to the window, and around. She saw everything destroyed like in a war time. Outside, as much as she could see, the sky was red like was burning. The wind was strongly blowing, roaring. And Angells room was ruined, upside down. Was like it wasnt occupied by centuries.
Mariuss. I am scared.
Dont be Angell, give me your hand, and lets go. Here I have the necessary power to protect you.
Ok, now I see why its called Nightmare.
This is nothing, wait until you see the outside. He said, and together the lowered the stairs. At one point, Angell woke up with her right foot in one of the wooden steps. Mariuss helped pulling it out.
Where is my mother?
At your place where are you sleeping.
Mariuss conduct her outside, and neither good they touched the knob that the door felt off. They crossed the courtyard quickly, and sometimes a tile or a brick was fallen from the house.
They reached the road, and Angell grabbed herself more strongly to Mariuss.
Do not be afraid Angell. Just ignore what you see around.
TO IGNORE? Angell yelled scared.  Mariuss, if you didnt noticed, the road is full of human bones! The forest is without a single leaf, the sky is cloudy with fire, from which sometimes a flame fall down on the ground. And the sea is made of wine.
Angell, that is not wine. Mariuss said calm, looking towards the sea, which was ruby color.
Its made from blood?
Yes. Lets go.
Where we are going after all?
We have to reach the care Angell. We have to destroy the prophecy.
What prophecy Mariuss, I am so damn confused and you are not explain me a thing. Why we have to run?
To not find us.
Who?
Well, well, well, what a pleasant surprise. A voice was heard in their back.
Angell and Mariuss turned and saw a bonny and tall woman. She was full dressed in the forget-me-not flowers, which were moving, the same way as the ones which Angell saw in the cave. The woman had an evil expression on her face, almond eyes, having them blue color. Her nose was ridiculous long, and her skin was like directly putted on her skeleton. The hair was falling free, being braid like a wipe.
From her. Mariuss said whispering.
Who are you? What do you want? Angell shouted at her, gain courage not knowing why.
The woman softly laughed, showing some shark alike teeth. She watched the girl very smiling.
Dont you recognize me, daughter of the rain?
What?
Angell, who do you think I am?
A stupid cow?
You made the pact with me, sweetie. I am the queen.
Wwhat?
Yes. I fulfill your wish, and from that reason I was free to come here, to continue the prophecy.
The Forget-me-not queen?
Bingo. Now, I want you to meet someone.
The queen took out a long sword, having its handle blue with sapphires. She snapped her fingers and for Angells surprised, the queen had in her long hand a paper. Not just any paper but the one with her wish.
I think you miss so much Kristall Carter.
You can keep him. Angell said ironically.
Oh no, I am not that cruel, he misses you too. She said malicious, and snapped her bonny fingers again, and instead of the paper, Kristall was standing straight with an evil smile on his face, having his eyes red like the blood color.
Lets go Angell! We dont have much time!
Get them!
Kristall ran towards them, while Mariuss and Angell were running, wanting to enter the forest. Kristall grabbed Angell by her arm, and the girl screamed observing that she no longer was wearing the ring with the moonstone on it. Mariuss suddenly turned and with one of his rings, he casted Kristall away, with a while light jet, like the last one was catapulted from a cannon.
Smooth move. You will not get away that easy. The queen said.
Come on Angell. Mariuss said, dragging her in the forest.
At Angells nose a rotting smell came and she started to cough.
God, what is that horrible smell? She asked, but she found out the answer soon enough.
Approaching the Pound, or whatever, where the Pound has to be, Angell noticed something moving slowly between the trees, and she discovered stupefied that were living corpses, moaning some husky sounds, which made goose bombs. At one of them, it could be seen the purple flesh, or at others even the bones.
Dont be afraid Angell. They will not hurt you, they are blind.
What what they are doing here?
They are trapped here.
They cannot get out?
No. Mariuss said with sort of regretting in his voice, running further with Angell by hands, until they really reached the Pound. The muddy pound from the middle was full of human organs. Angell didnt resist much longer, hugging a tree, starting to throw up.
Angell! Are you ok?
Its horrible. Smells.
I dont smell anything.
BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT A DAMN HUMAN.
Yes, but even you are no longer a human, Angell.
What? What am I?
You are a spirit now. The humans cannot enter here.
What do you mean and how the hell I can touch things and sense smells?
Because you are a soul, not a ghost. Lets move further.
Therefore Mariuss took Angells hand again and together they exit the forest, right on time, because the walking corpse smell was unbearable. Mariuss stopped Angel, before they could enter the town center, where Angell could easily see the buildings destroyed, like a bomb exploded there and some lights which were crossing them.
Angell. The queen wants your soul. If she will manage to capture you, the prophecy will be completed and she will destroy the Ieloharis Island, do you understand? We must not let her!
What prophecy?
It is a long and old story. I think you know already the legend with the cursed flower, right?
Yes, my mother told me about.
Well, its true. But what humans do now know is that Forget-me-not was working on a prophecy. After she will capture 14 souls, the prophecy will be on. Being on, it will destroy the island, and the humans will die. This is her aim, cleaning the island of humans.
But what she wants from us?
At the beginning, the island was created by the goddess Amara, because she won a tournament.
What? Angell got amazed.
I cannot tell you here. Kristall can appear in every minute. I will bring you in other place, where we are safe from the Nightmare. I will explain you there everything.
Angell nodded and Mariuss grabbed her hand to go together into the center, but Angell refused.
Mariuss. Are you the OldStory god? Angell asked them.
I knew that you are a smart girl. He said, smiling, and Angell saw his eyes were green, exactly the same color as she has.
Oh my God. I am surprised. But
I told you that here isnt a good place to talk. We will go somewhere where time does not exist. Its stopped.
By you.
Mariuss made a face, which remind Angell about the days when they were in the gang.
Yeah, yeah, by me. Lets go.
Angell felt very weird. Mariuss was a god of time and stories. A town was having his name, and she couldnt understand a thing no longer. Might Mariuss, the one with black hair, thin, with brown eyes, having all the time jokes in his pocket, sometimes rude, was the same with the OldStory god, which ahd the eyes changing colors?
They were walking towards the center and at one point, Angell felt the temperature, from hot lowering very much to cold. In center, the building were standing just about to collapse, and Angell discovered the floating lights. Werent lights at all but
Gh ghosts? Angell asked, shaking of cold, and from her mouth the steam came out.
Yes. Lost spirits.
The phantoms were transparent, pale, floating over the ground, being blue light.
Angell! A echo voiced said.
The girl turned around to see who called her, and her heart came among her teeth. To her came, or better said, floated no one then Serena.
S Serena? Angell said full of happy, running to hug her, but she passed through her feeling like he just took a cold shower in a winter season.
Angell, I am a ghost.
Serena. God I am so glad to see you.
Angell, I knew you would come here, hey Mariuss. Serena said, smiling to the god.
Serena, are you feeling well? You look a bit pale. Mariuss joked, and Serena glanced at him.
Very funny Mariuss. Im dead
Im just kidding.
I cannot believe it. Lania and Emell are missing. Angell said happy.
Yes. Angell, I really missed you. But here I am trapped
I thought that you were in the flowers cave. Mariuss said thoughtfully.
Well, I really am there, or at least the soul is, my soul shadow, or what I am now like a ghost, remained blocked here.
First corpses, not phantoms. Couldnt get weirder? Angell asked. Serena, guess who Mariuss is
Yeah I know, dont praise him, and otherwise will go directly into his head. Serena joked.
Angell smiled knowing that Serena and Mariuss were always fighting.
Yes, yes ghost of Serena. Mariuss said. Angell, we dont have time, we have to go now. He said serious.
I thought that you were the Time God, Mariuss and
Yes, but I cannot control nothing around here. It is not my land. We are in Moonlight.
Its the Moonlight goddesss land. Angell ended.
Yes. We have to leave.
Serena I hope I will see you soon.
We will see each other again, and thats a promise.
Angell waved her hand in a good bye way, feeling her tears coming out. A yelling like the saws and horrible, heard from the other side of the center, and many phantoms started to scream, and Angell felt on the ground with her hand on the ears. She remembered the boy Villo scream, when she reached the cave. The same screaming, increased by many phantoms. Serena disappeared, and Mariuss took Angell away.
HURRY UP! KRISTALL IS COMING!
Not so fast! Kristall said, having the queen sword in his hand. OldStory, give me the Rains Daughter and you will be safe. He said threaten.
Over my dead body Kristall! Mariuss said, sending a white jet to him, but Kristall protected himself from it. Mariuss putted his hand on the ground, and from it some tree thick roots came, grabbing Kristall.
Come along Angell, we dont have much time. Mariuss said, grabbing her hand. In another land, I dont have much power.
But Mariuss. In OldStory land its a long way to go. We used to go with the car there.
Not quite. We will go throw a portal. He said, running.
Where the highway supposed to be, which was uniting all the towns from the island, was a blood rain, and Mariuss stopped Angell on tine before she would take a sanguine bath.
So We have to cross the river to reach my land. This river divides the lands from the island.
But how we suppose to pass it?
Dont worry about that Angell.
Mariuss stretched his hand over the river, and from the other side, from where the Pya Mountains could be seen, from the ground some rock pieces attached, and they form a bridge.
Wow Mariuss, you surprise me every day.
No joking time Angell. Lets pass. He said, and together, they ran on the bridge. Angell couldnt think at something then the river which was surrounding Sareville, to come from that blood river.
No you dont! Kristall said, coming to the shore, starting to smash the bridge, hitting with the sword.
Angell was balancing and then she felt over the bridge, but Mariuss grabbed her hand on time.
Angell. If you fall into the river, I cannot save you anymore.
WELL THANKS A LOT FOR THE INFORMATION! Angell yelled sarcastic. Pull me up!
Mariuss pulled the girl up, and she tried to equilibrate on the collapsing bridge. Mariuss pulled Angell after him and wan on time, because Kristall gave all his power to the sword in the rock bridge, demolishing all. The two of them were already in OldStory land, gasping.
NO! Kristall screamed.
Here nobody can touch us. Mariuss said. Lets go.
Angell, entering between the mountains, saw that the landscape wasnt like the one from Moonlight, where the clouds were burning, but night sky with host of stars, the moon being present on it. Some little lights were dancing in air, and Angell was beyond amazed. Both of them took a seat, on the crystalline lakes sore, in which the moon was reflexing.
Do you like it?
Mariuss, wow what a place! Angell said astonished, taking a seat next to Mariuss.
Yes, I took care of it, everything with its place.
Angell saw that in every tree around, was book pages, on it was written on the old island language.
Mariuss, what are does? She asked, pointing to the trees.
They are the Genealogical Trees. Every single page, describes a life story.
Prophecies? Angell automatically asked.
No. The pages are writing alone, like a diary. The humans are writing their stories.
Can I see it? Angell asked curiously.
Do you want to see your page? Mariuss asked.
Yes, of course! Angell said very curious.
Ok then Angell, grab my hand.
Angell grabbed it, and with a softly snap sound, they disappeared and reappeared somewhere far away, or at least Angell thought so. Around was snow, and the wind was blowing softly. Far away the entire island could be seen. She saw a red huge cloud, which suggested that under it was the Moonlight town. A green cloud was above another town, not far, presuming that was Sunshine. The red river, which was passing Moonlight coming to OldStory, was blue as it was reaching the sea.
Mariuss where are we? Angell said, even if Angell had a hunch.
Where do you think we are Angell? Mariuss said, smiling.
On a mountain or something.
Yes. On the highest top of the island.
We are in the Pure peak? Angell said surprised.
Exactly. Come with me.
Mariuss took her hand and together they walked through the snow, and Angell didnt feel cold, on the contrary, was very beautiful. The clear sky, filled with stars and the moon strongly shining, beyond the blue sea. Only in Moonlight side, she could see the bloody sea. They reached a huge tree, an old oak loaded with thousands of written pages.
This Angell is the first genealogical tree on the island. The page from the top belong to my niece, Sunshines daughter, Amallia, the first Rains Daughter and your great, great, great, great, great, and great grandmother. The first human on the island.
Hold on. Are you saying that my ancestors are the gods?  I am the Sunshines heir?
Yes. We are relatives. Somehow, the difference only time can tell us. Sunshine made the first human; she gave birth to a half-god, to Amallia, the one which could control the weather. Once, the sun was burning the earth, Amallia was saving the vegetables by rain. She felt in love with Mariuss, a mortal which found the Ieloharis Island, navigating on the sea.
Your name Angell said.
Yes Angell. My human name is Mariuss, from the first human on the island. He felt in love with Amallia and so did she, they had five children. One of them raped his sister and because of that the island got populated by incest. The Mother Nature punished the humans, and also punishing us the gods, she sent us to sleep.
Sleep, why do you mean? Angell asked curiously, taking a seat on the snow. Mariuss did the same.
Meaning to disappear, of course not for real. Where you are Angell, its a hidden place of the island. We are still on the Ieloharis Island, but in another dimension, where are no humans. Here we rule. Here we bring souls, here we punish, her we work together to protect the people from the island. Before going to sleep, Sunshine made me promise that I will take care of her family. Her daughter, then her daughters daughter and so on, generations after generation, until I reached you.
Angell watched him amazed, not believing much that Mariuss could be that old while he seemed so childish.
I dont know what to say Mariuss, its weird Means that you were my mothers friend as well?
No Angell. Your mother doesnt have a page in this oak. This is the first tree. In the top its Amallias page then her daughters, then her granddaughters. I dont know why, but her heirs started to get born in different times, not one after another. You are the last heir Angell. Your heiress mother, to say like that, born around 1770 years.
Angell made big eyes.
What do you mean? Amira isnt my mother?
Of course she is, but only biological. Your heiress mother was called Creselda.
Like Amiras aunt.
Yes. Creselda, Amiras aunt, is a descended of your heiress mother. Creseldas sister, from the years of 1700, is the one which heirs her grandmother and her sister. You heir the other part.
Angell couldnt explain a thing, remaining speechless.
But Mariuss, this means that you were in the humans world, last time before me, in 1770, right?
Yes.
And after Creselda died? What did you do?
I came here and I waited for you to get born. I knew that you were next, and thats why I was the one which fulfill your parents wish, Angell.
What? What wish? She said.
Well, in the night when they procreated you, they stopped at the Pepromeno crossroad. That crossroad was created by my sister, Sunshine, for humans. Only Sunshine, being asleep, couldnt fulfill the humans wishes. And I was following the birth of the next decedent from Amallia. And when I saw what your parents did, I made their wish come true. You were born. But I had a bad feeling about the future; therefore I gave your mother a premonition about the future. Only she to see what will happen. And it did happen.
Angell remained silent, she was wondering if what the boy said was true, she found out more then she could ask for. Something came into her head.
You told me Mariuss, that your sister, Amara goddess, created the island. I know that she took a piece from the continent.
No. The island was broke by Mother Nature, our mother, like a gift.
You said something about a tournament.
Yes. Was a gods tournament, when the time was very young, to distinguish the stronger gods from the weakest ones. Amara was competing with Moonlight until the final, Sunshines twin sister. But Amara won, and Moonlight hated her since then. Amara promised her that they will share Mothers Nature gift with her soul brothers. She with Sunshine, and me, OldStory. And the rest of the legend you know already.
Yes, but you created those legends, am I right?
Yes, telling them to the people.
But Mariuss, Vanilla was the Rains Daughter
Angell, Vanilla wasnt a legacy. Otherwise I had to get along with her. The festival its held just like that, for fun, and you were specially chosen this time. The rain came.
Angell smiled, and somehow she was imagining Vanillas face, how would twist itself from anger that she wasnt Amallias legacy.
And now what we shall do Mariuss?
Now Angell, we wait. I still sense the danger. The flowers cave is in Moonlight Land.
Yes and I had the bad luck to meet them, I was very stupid.
You didnt have bad luck. I knew where you were heading to, therefore I sent Villo after you.
Yeah, about that, who killed him?
Who do you think?
Angell remained with her mouth opened literately.
Forget-me-not?
Yes, she did. Villo, like you, its a legacy, Mariusss heir, and you Amallias. Forget-me-not tricked him, killed him, but she couldnt open the prophecy without the other legacy, means you, with you the 14 souls are. And you are the pyramids key.
Why Forget-me-not wants to destroy the humans from the island?
Angell. The flower wasnt planning by herself all this things.
Ah yes, she is helped by a god.
Exactly, who do you think it is?
Moonlight?
Bingo. Sunshines twin sister hated the humans, just because she last that competition to become a supreme goddess of an island. She couldnt give birth to humans, only her sister could, there for she hated them. She thought to make a plan, and a pact with the Amaras cursed flower.
And what was the pact?
The pact was that Forget-me-not will open the prophecy. If she will succeed, Forget-me-not will rule the island, and the rest of the flowers will vanish. If not, the flower will be destroyed.
God, that bitch! Angell said, taking a fist full of snow.
Relax. Moonlight is sleeping, like the others. I remain the only one awake for the humans.
And do you have a plan Mariuss?
Well, first we need to wake up my sisters, besides Moonlight, to help us. And second we need to wake Moonlight to destroy her.
Angell watched him scared, like he just said that everything was piece of cake.
I am afraid, Mariuss.
Its normal to be. Dont worry Angell. Everything will come back to normal. Good. I feel that Forget-me-not and Kristall stopped searching us. They are very small, in front of the gods like Moonlight.
But you cannot destroy her?
No, she has the sword of Moonlight.
Oh God, this thing its so damn complicated.
Lets go now. I have to wake my sisters. Mariuss said, and both got up. He stretched his hand, and the girl grabbed him, and with a snap they disappeared.
The appeared on a cliff, and in their front was Amaras sea. Wasnt peacefully, or blue, or any other way, but frozen. Until the horizon, the sea was looking like a white blanket. The sky was grey, and the sun pale, softly snowing.
Where are we? Angell asked.
We are at the edge of the island. Here Amara sleeps.
Ok, the goddess is sleeping, right? Not the sea.
Both of them. Look!
Mariuss raised his hands up in the air, closing his eyes. All of the sudden a wind started to blow hard, transforming in a blizzard. A huge earthquake started, scaring Angell, which grabbed Mariusss cloths. From the middle of the iced blanket, pieces of ice exploded in the air, like someone just put a bomb there. A huge water vortex came, spinning up until the sky, and the sea defrost itself, becoming blue. The vortex stabbed the sky, like it was a fake ceiling, and he started to change its color in clear blue. The sun was shining strongly. Mariuss brought down his arms, and the vortex felt down in the water, like a waterfall. Up, floating, above the water, was a woman. Angell couldnt see her well, but she knew that was Amara.
OldStory, what is wrong? I hope that is something important. She said with an authority coive, and Angell looked at her weird, because the goddesss voice was very familiar.
Yes sister. Forget-me-not started the plan. I have with me the last soul she needs it, if she will kidnap the Rains Daughter, the humanity can be destroyed.
Amara floated towards them, and the much she was approaching, the much Angell remained shocked. With softly curly black hair, braided in a queue, having beautiful brown eyes and her face was angelic. Amara was looking alike
Mother? Angell asked automatically.
Angell, do you see your mother? Mariuss asked.
Of course. Dont you see her?
I see Amallia.
What? You dont see Amira? Look closer.
Mariuss shortly laughed, in the same time with Amara or Amira after the girls says.
What is so hilarious? Dont tell me now that my mother is a supreme goddess of the island that I will throw myself in the sea. She said.
Angell, I am not your mother. Let me explain you better. My name is Amara, I am the supreme goddess of the island, and I was born without a face. Even I do not know what my real face is.
What do you mean?
You see, my face reflex with the soul of the person which looks at me. In your soul, seems to be that your mother is the most important person, like my little brother here, which is Amallia.
Angell remained perplexed at Amaras affirmation, but then she calmed herself. She didnt think that she could take another shock. As Amara was getting closer, Angell could see at her the same changing eyes like Mariuss, having a golden phrase on them.
Wow, I didnt know about that legend.
Do you think that I was a chatterbox to tell everyone all the truth Angell? Mariuss asked.
Yeah well She said a little embarrassed.
Good, leave this discussion OldStory, we have other important things to do. So Forget-me-not is on the move. I curse the day I created that flower.
Is not your fault Amara, its Moonlights fault because she influenced her.
Yes, well, we have to wake Sunshine." 
Angell giggled, trying to masked it in a coughing, but didnt manage to fool, because Amara and Mariuss, or OldStory, automatically looked at her.
It is something amuses you Angell? Amara said with a harsh voice.
Oh no, is just it is a little funny that you know, the towns came to life.
Angell, the towns are named by us.
I know Mariuss but
We dont have time Angell, lets go and wake her up.
Angell felt a little embarrassed that she laughed, therefore she took Mariusss hand and all three of them disappeared.  
Angell woke for her surprise at the Pepromeno crossroad. She looked up and saw that green cloud, which as making everything around greenish.
Very eco or toxic. The girl said.
Well said toxic. Sunshine Land its intoxicated.
What did this thing happened?
Well, here, considering that the sun is sleeping, its twilight, could passed the burning sun, creatures which intoxicated this land. Amara said.
Angell nodded, looking around at the spread green color all around her. But she shocked herself when she saw on the ground huge golden birds. 
What are those? The girl asked?
The Thunder Birds, or the Golden Birds, are the creation of our sister. You see, Sunshine was sending these golden birds in the land of the mortals, when someone was in trouble. Amara said with sadness. They were killed.
And this green what is actually? Angell asked.
Emerald Dust! They breathe it and its toxic for them. I am pretty sure that its Moonlights hand! Mariuss said revolted, and Angell agreed with him.
Good, its the moment to make a little light here. OldStory, raise your hands.
Amara and Mariuss raised their hands in the air, moment when Angell looked up, seeing a hole in the green could, which was growing by the minute, and the golden sun rays were landing exactly on the crossroad. From the rays, a strongly light exploded and a woman stood straight in front of them. Angell felt in her knees being more then astonished.  The Sunshine goddess was dressed in white and from her back to huge golden bird wings were opening. The green cloud from above them disappeared, and the sun rays were bathing everything around and every single thunder bird were moving, watching unclear around. When the sun shined, all Sunshine was extraordinary lighten. Sunshine came to them very happy. She had her hair golden blond, long until her hips. Her eyes were yellow, having that ieloharian language written on them.
My brothers! She said, and Angell saw her wings disappearing, only then she realized that she was still standing on her knees.
Oh My Mother Nature Angell Valentine Veriss. The goddess said, and the girl blushed when Sunshine directly addressed to her. The goddess had an amazing calm voice.
Angell, you dont have to bow in front of me. I am just a simple goddess. Sunshine said, getting Angell up from the ground.
Sunshine dear, we have serious issues. Amara said.
I know sister. We have to stop that Moonlight bitch until will not be too late.
Sunshine was effectively radiating, Mariuss grabbed again Angells hand and together, all of them disappeared. Angell woke up again in the middle of the Moonlight, where none of the phantoms were around.
What are we doing here? Angell got scared.
Dont worry my child, you will not be harm. Sunshine said, and Angell had the strange feeling that a mother spoke to her like Amira.
OldStory, you have to protect her.
Look who just woke up. A cold and ironic voice said behind them.
Angell hide herself after Mariuss, when she saw the Forget-me-not queen, looking so dreadful, a next to her was Kristall standing.
Forget-me-not! If you will not surrender now, we will destroy you. Amara said, getting closer. We want to wake our beloved sister. She continued with sarcasm, referring to Moonlight.
My mistress will not wake up for you, she will only when the humanity will disappear.
Angell had an odd presuming about that. The queens evil eyes were watching her.
I suggest you go back to bed, and hand over the Rains Daughter.
Over my dead body! Mariuss yelled, and shoot a green light jet from his ring. In his help, Amara came who made a water tornado, and like a firefighters hose, the water pushed the queen away three meters high. Kristall disappeared.
Angell walked slowly backwards, watching the battle between the gods and the queen, being very scared. Forget-me-not made a pile of blue fire, throwing it to them, hitting Amara.
Hello Angell. A voice said behind her.
Angell turned around and frozen. Was Kristall, holding the Moonlights sword in his hand.
OLDSTORY! PROTECT HER! Sunshine shouted, but was too late for that because Kristall, with a quickly gesture, kidnaped Angell and disappeared with her for the gods shock.
Chapter X 
Blue Flames
(Back to top)
With a small snap, Angell woke up in a rocky chamber, and realized that was the flowers cave, but wasnt the huge oval one, but another one smaller, like a house room and very cold. A small pyramid in steps, was in the middle of the chamber, and above it, exactly on top, were floating softly, like they were tied, 13 pale-transparent persons. Angell realized that they were souls, unconscious with their head bended. The girl could see Serenas, Lovins, Marvells and little Villos soul, in rest she didnt know any face.
Do you like it Angell, my love? Kristall said ironically, with a malicious smile on his face.
Go to hell! Angell said angry, watching him from the ground, who was laughing loudly, walking from left to the right.
Thank you. There are only 13 souls, which mean that the portal cannot be open. Too bad, right? But dont worry, with you the portal will open and the catastrophe will overflow above the humans in their dimension. He said gladly, like it was a great benefit that the people will die smashed by meteors or drowned by a tsunami.
Why do you need 14 souls?
Its not your concern.
I mean let me get the straight; my soul will float over there? She asked, pointing to the pyramid.
Yes, why you dont like it? You will have the honor to be the key which opens the apocalypse.
You are
Insane? No, I am just the queens loyal servant.
I dont understand a think Kristall. You are my wish, possessed by Forget-me-not. And Forget-me-not is listening to some gods orders.
I dont interfere there. I know what I have to do.
Angell looked him ugly, and he was petting the sword, like it was a beloved house animal, turning his back on her. The girl was shaking, maybe because of the cold which was in the cave or because of fearing the apocalypse on people. The souls were shining strongly, spreading a pure blue light, and Angell knew now from where that blue ray was coming from. 
What is with the pyramid? Angell asked.
The pyramid, how you call it, its a portal. It links this world to the humans one. Villo the foolish boy tried to scare you away from this place, but for everybodys joy
Meaning yours and the queens Angell interrupted him.
Yes, our joy, you still found us.
I still dont understand who are you actually? 
I am the queens faithful servant. And stop asking stupid questions, because my head hurts. Now, human, its time to say goodbye from your soul.
Angell was so weak that she couldnt move a finger to defend her, or to keep her head straight. Something was drawing drying her. Kristall raised his sword with his both hand, and the girl saw the shining sharp blade.
The next thing which she felt was a horrible pain in the chest, because Kristall stabbed her brutally with the sword, and she was yelling spreading lights around. Little by little, Angell became a ghost, softly transparent and blue and unconscious. 
YES! WE WON! Kristall yelled, and with the sword he took the girls soul and putted on the top of the pyramid.
With a snap, next to him Forget-Me-Not appeared. The portal started to shake, making a huge earthquake, illuminating like a strongly neon. 
GOOD JOB KRISTALL! The queen yelled happily.
*
I dont understand Doriss, where they could possibly be? Sabrina said worried, when for the ten times, no body answered her calls.
She and her husband Doriss, were at a coffee on a terrace from the Sareville center.
You know, maybe they left. Doriss said, drinking from his coffee.
And to not take their cellphones with them? Lets be serious. Sabrina said.
The two of them were seating quietly and Sabrina frown when she saw her coffee was starting to wave in the cup. The table started to shake, but wasnt the only one who saw this, because a huge earthquake took charge on the entire city. Everything was shaking around them, and the glasses started to break, spreading pieces all over the place.
Sabrina! Lets run! Doriss shouted, taking his wife and together they got in the car, and Doriss couldnt drive that much, because the road was shaking. Driving to the edge of the city, on the main SilverGate Bridge, Doriss pushed the brake right on time, seeing the bridge losing his weight, and the huge cables were breaking apart, and in the end the bridge collapsed in the river, taking with it a lot of humans and their cars.
Oh my God! The woman shocked, putting her hands on her mouth.
Doriss was pale and his hands were shaking on the wheel. The earthquake finally stopped, seeing that the road was cracked, and at the skyline, where they could see the sea, dark stormy clouds came.
Are you alright Doriss? Sabrina asked scared.
The people around panic when they saw the collapsed bridge, the city looked like it was just bombed.
Yes, what we will do now?
Sabrina didnt answer, and together they got off the car. 
Mommy, look, its a tornado! A child said, pointing to the sea and the people around started to panic again.
From the sea, where the stormy clouds were, a water tornado formed, but was nothing comparing to the gigantic wave behind it, so huge that even far away, could reach high above the mountains. The world was running back, like wanting to climb the mountain, and Sabrina grabbed Dorisss hand.
You know Doriss, I always love you.
Me too my love. I love you.
Both of them hugged, while the wave was eating the Careville city, coming with speed towards the Sareville. With the corner of her eye, Sabrina saw the water coming fast, and darken everything, because was so high, that the sun disappeared.
*
On the gods land, Sunshine, OldStory and Amara were horrified. 
I cannot believe this. Its over. We failed. Amara said crying.
Its over, and the humans are dying in nature disasters, and we? Sunshine said, daunted.
And we will vanish with them, my dear sister.
The three of them watched the sky, hearing voices from the other dimension, yelling, crying for helps.
We must do something! OldStory said. We cannot loose!
Its too late not. The last key just opened the apocalyptic portal.
OldStory turned away, seeing his land, where one by one, the genealogical trees were burning and falling.
Watching helpless how the human were destroyed in the nature cataclysm, launched by the Forget-me-nots portal, Mariuss turned back to his sisters, seeing them hugged, and crying in silence. In the moment when they touched their hands, Mariuss remained with his mouth opened. From their hands, blue sparks were coming.
Sisisters! I KNOW how to save the humanity! he said, and his face lighten and unwinding in a large smile.
OldStory, there is no chance. Moonlight won.
Maybe she won a battle, but not the war.
Amara watched him, thinking at what he was saying, and then she smiled.
My dear brother, the pain makes you mad. Just relax.
What? Do you think I am the one mad? Grab you hand with power and see with your own eyes what I saw. He said anxious. 
Sunshine smiled and with a speed, together with her sister, they united their hand and blue sparkles slipped. Amara watched amazed their united hands, then to OldStory.
OldStory, you are a genius!
What is it sister? Sunshine asked curiously.
The Blue Flames! 
Sunshine remained with her mouth opened, and with a enormous joyful filled all of them. But Sunshine was the first which discourage. 
At what disaster it is, we couldnt lit it. We need more to unite and to form it. She said.
Maybe, but considering that we can call souls, why not trying with them? OldStory said.
OldStory, you are wised. Amara said. Lets call them.
Come to my Land. OldStory said happy.
With a small snap, they disappeared from the Moonlight land and appeared on the pure peak of Pya mountain, where behind them the biggest genealogical tree was.
Good, our tree wasnt affected. Mariuss said.
Lets hurry OldStory. The time is not much left. Amara said.
Good, lets unite.
So the three gods united, joined hands, and raised them in the air, whispering with their eyes closed something in ieloharian language. One by one, the trees pages were detaching and when the pages touched the snow, they were metamorphosed in humans, or at least in souls. The pages were falling again and again, and the Pya top was filling with souls, every one of them looking blue and faded. When the last page reached the snow, the three gods opened their eyes (only Angells and Villos pages were still attached). 
My dearest, our family has to unite. We must light the blue fire. The Humanity is in danger!
Mother! Someone from the souls shouted, running towards Sunshine. They hugged, like the girls soul was flesh.
Amallia, my dear. Sunshine said gladly.

Amallia looked like Angell, like they were twins.
OldStory. I am so glad to see you. She said.
Me too Amallia, my dear.
And the girl hugged Mariuss with warm.
Good. The time is short. Amara addressed to the souls. We need to form a chain around the island. Each any every one of you at a considerable distance to one another and we will send the sparks until they will light. In the moment when the blue fire burn, with your hand sent it towards the island, Will annihilate every bad thing. Lets go. Every god to be above his Land, I will be above Moonlight. Amara said, flying in the air.
The rest took her example, and Mariuss remained at the top of the mountain, floating above the genealogical tree, seeing the others floating above the single edge of the island, even if for them the island was much smaller than for humans, that the lands seemed only glades.
A lot of souls were gathered, holding hands. Were about 1500 Sunshines legacies, and one of them, like Creselda with her sister, or Amallia, were seating much closer to Sunshine.
Ready? Amaras voice said above the fire clouds from Moonlight.
Yes. Mariuss and Sunshine answered in the same time.
And they started. Amara grabbed with power the hands of the two souls floating next to her and sparks were moving in the formatted circle, but disappeared at the middle of the chain. Next was Sunshine to send them, and like the first round, the sparks disappeared. Mariuss concentrate and sent them through the souls, but they stopped. Amara, Sunshine and Mariuss sent together sparks, then on the formatted soul chain around the island, became a blue fire chain which was moving with the speed of sound.
NOW Amara shouted, and Mariuss with the rest, detached their hands, stretching them straight ahead.
The blue fire started from each and everyones hand, uniting with the other flames in the middle of the island, like a blue avalanche. The fire was burning the island, and every single corner was conquered. Someone was screaming horrible, and Mariuss fixed his eyes on Moonlight Land, seeing that the Forget-me-not queen exit the cave on fire. She was cursing, struggling on the ground until the silence came back.
OldStory! Go and destroy the portal! Amara shouted to Mariuss.
He broke the chain; even if the blue fire was burning the island, he disappeared from the sky and appeared in front of the cave, where near the queen was burning. Instead of her, a huge blue forget-me-not flower appeared, and Mariuss stepped on her making her pieces.
Hurry! Amara shouted.
Mariuss looked us, seeing the blue sky with souls on, and entered the cave. He reached without any difficulty the chamber where the portal was, and he saw that Kristall was made of ash. He took the sword of Moonlight, from the ground, and he stabbed the pyramid. A loudly boom broke the silence; was so powerful, that all the souls above started to yell, putting their hands on their ears. The blue light vanished, and the pyramid was pieces. The souls woke up and everyone flew away, besides one.
Ma Mariuss? Angell said, floating.
Weve done it Angell. We saved the humanity.
Angell smiled with all her mouth, and with Mariuss along, they disappeared from the cave. The reappeared on the Pure Peak, were all the souls were, Angell looking around seeing so many souls.
They they are my family? She asked amazed.
Yes. Angell, I want you to meet someone special. Mariuss said.
He went through them, and came back after a while with a girl.
Angell, this is Amallia, Sunshines daughter. And your great-great-great
Ok OldStory, weve got the point. Amallia said. Hello Angell.
A Amallia? God you look just like me. The girl said, very surprised.
Yes, and you know why?
No.
Because together we end the circle Angell. You are my last heir. Or the last Rains Daughter heir. Will be no longer another one, or born another one. When you will die, you will come here. I opened the circle and you close it.
Angell didnt say a word. To her Sunshine and Amara approached, and the silence came back. Every single soul watched them.
Angell Valentine Veriss. We want to thank you for everything. You are the youngest member of our family. And you done it you saved the world.
Wasnt me who saved the world, but Mariuss did.
Mariuss? Amallia asked, frowning.
She means me, she knows me by that name. Mariuss laughed.
Yes, but you were the key. You resisted, and you had a long way to go Angell.
Isnt finish yet, right? Angell asked, presuming something.
Not yet. We need to destroy the Nightmare.
After all, what is the Nightmare? Angell asked.
The Nightmare is Moonlight. My crazy sisters land. And by the way, lets finish that. OldStory said. Souls, thank you for your help.
All the souls were gladly talking.
We will see each other Angell. Take care of you. Amallia said, hugging her.
Was a bit strange, because was like the reflection from her mirror just hugged her. The souls got in the air, among the branches, turning back to pages. Angell became solid, and felt with a softly sound on the snow.
No one announced me that I will fall down? She said.
With OldStory, Sunshine and Amara, Angell went to the Nightmare. The wind was blowing up in the air some remains, and the living corpses were still walking in the forest. The phantoms were still haunting the center, and the sea didnt change its bloody aspect.
Now, lets wake up that bitch. Mariuss said.
Angell grabbed Mariusss hand and he smiled.
Angell, do not worry. There is no one to kidnap you.
Really? Like last time when the portal opened.
Angell, trust OldStory. Sunshine said.
Fine. But if something will happen to me Mariuss, I will call Serena to kick your ass. She wanted so bad after all.
Deal then. He said.
Angell walked back few steps, watching Mariuss and his sisters how they raised their hands up. From the orange-red clouds, a crack formed from where a silvery ray came down in their middle. From there, like Sunshine, a woman with wings came. Angell thought that was Sunshine, but she realized that was wrong. Moonlight was dressed in black, like the night sky, with her same long color hair. Her wings were dark blue and her eyes were cold silver, and the ieloharian words were softly rotating on them.
My dearest brothers, what is the occasion for waking me up? She said, and Angell found the difference between the two twin sisters, by their voices. Moonlights voice was cold, husky one which gave you creeps.
Enough with the foolishness Moonlight. We destroyed you precious Forget-me-not queen, and you will be next. Amara said.
Ah my dear sister, if you think I will give up, then
I think you will. A voice said.
Angell got closer to her, being right next to the gods. Moonlight watched her, and then she started to laugh. Angell didnt know exactly what she was doing, but in the next second she pointed her ring with the moonstone on, making Moonlight kneel.
NO! You cannot enslave me! She yelled.
The gods were watching Angell amazed, beside Amara who smiled.
Now you will be destroyed, you monster! Angell said.
Moonlight watched her, then started to cry.
Please, dont hurt me. You want to know the truth? Well, I will tell you. All the time Amara, Sunshine and OldStory were the powerful gods. I tried my best to bring a benefice on this island, but no! Whatever I did, was wrong!
Angell frown, looking at the other gods.
Moonlight, you wanted to make bad things happen Sunshine started but Moonlight cut it
Bad things? No. I wanted a family. I dont have a single agrological tree on OldStory Land. You banished me from the gods line.
Angell let her hand down, seeing Moonlight crying so badly.
ANGELL! DO NOT LET
But was too lat. In a moment of not paying attention, Moonlight disappeared with a softly snap. 
Great, she ran away. I wonder where she could possibly go. OldStory asked.
She is not on the island, otherwise I would know. Amara said.
Its my fault. Angell said, upset.
My dear, dont blame yourself. You are still a human, it is normal to fall that easy. We gods have your feeling very well sharped. Sunshine told her, and hugged. 
A warm conquer Angell, making her to feel better.
And now? OldStory asked.
Now, me and Amara will restore this land, and you can bring Angell back to her home.
OldStory nodded, and Angell hugged the both goddess as a good bye, grabbing Mariusss hand.
Angell, hold on Amara said.
Yes?
Before you go, I want to fulfill a last wish. We will not see each other pretty soon.
Chapter XI 
The Last Wish
(Back to top)
Angell remained softly amazed. Amara smiled with love, taking out a small chain.
This thing contains a small fragment from the Wish Glass. The Glass is in the Mothers Nature palace, where we came from. We are not allowed to give the humans this, but since you have god blood in your veins well, you deserve it. Whatever you need, you desire, will become true. Put it on your neck, and think clearly what you wish. Another boy? Amara joked.
Not this time. Goodbye.
Goodbye Angell, take care of you.
Angell and Mariuss left with a snap. They appeared in the girls room. Angell took a seat on her bed, smiling to Mariuss.
Wow, what an adventure. I wonder if when I will wake up, the wish will come true.
Of course. Anyway Angell, I need to come back with you. Whatever you will do, do not tell anybody about this world. Even at your mother. Has to remain a secret.
Ok.
Angell, swear to me. The consequences can be fatal.
I swear.
While they were watching one another, a white light could be seen then disappeared. Everything around came back to normal, the girls room was much cleaner then she could remember. Outside was night time, and the crickets were singing. Angell ran to the window, seeing that everything was so pleasant, and the blue dark sky, was spreading stars, accompanied by the moon.
Wow, its like heaven.
Seems to be that my sister broke the Nightmare. The Moonlight land came back.
And what will happen to Moonlight? I mean the goddess.
I dont know. She left the island, at least from this dimension. She will never dare again to step foot here. Now Angell, enough talking. Go to bed, and wake up in the human world.
But wait a second, its not destroyed?
No. The Blue flames fixed everything. Anyway, come to bed Angell, tomorrow is a big day, we have to drink.
Angell shortly laughed, climbing the bed, then she laid, arranging her puffy pearl dress around.
Oh Angell! I hope you dont think that you will wake up with this dress on you.
Of course not. But even when I sleep, I still have to look good.
Ok, sleeping beauty. See you in your world.
Angell closed her eyes and smiled. Marvells face came from the dark, then Serena with Lania, Lovin, and Emell with Mariuss. The two goddess. 
*
An alarm sound could be heard, higher in intensity. Was so loudly that Angell opened her eyes, falling from her bed.
Good morning beautiful, slept well?
Angell looked up being dizzy. Was Mariuss which was seating on the edge of the girls bed. He came back to the human form, having his eyes brown and his hair dark as night, wearing a blue sweater.
OldStory
Mariuss
Here I call you like that.
Angell how can you call me by my god name, when only Mariuss you called me back there.
Whatever.
Angell saw that she was wearing her pajamas.
Angell, breakfast is ready. A voice came from the kitchen.
Mom?
Angell got up from the ground, and with Mariuss they got out from her room, lowering the stairs. At the kitchen, Amira was talking with Lovin, which was alive an unharmed.
LOVIN! Angell shouted happily.
Hey sleepyhead.
And without a warning, he woke up hugged by the girl.
God, Ive missed you so much Lovin.
Ok, youre acting pretty weird. Do you have a fever?
Angell frown then she looked at Mariuss, who made her a sign to hush. 
I am sorry, I just woke up happy.
Come and eat Angel before your grandparents will come. Mariuss, do you want a toast with gem?
Yes please. The boy said, taking a seat next to Angell, who was looking amazed at her mother.
What grandparents? She asked.
What do you mean what grandparent? My parents Angell, are you sure youre feeling ok?
They are alive?
Lovin and Amira suddenly stopped, watching weird to one another.
I mean I know they are I was just saying. Angell said, red-faced.
After the breakfast, she and Mariuss went up to her room, for the girl to change.
Angell, be more careful! Dont forget that your wish came true. No one has to know where youve been. All who died, now they live. Mariuss said, standing on the bed, while Angell came from the bathroom, changed.
Yes I know, just that is so weird I never met my grandparents before, and now I will see them for the first time, and I have to act like I knew them forever.
The duty risk.
A horn from the fence could be heard, and Angell watched quickly on the window. Serena, Emell and Lania got off the car, and the girls had a little argument.
You had to be late
You always
Me what?
Angell smiled, yelling and ran down the stairs, going to the courtyard.
GIRLS! She shouted happily.
Dingo came and ran after Angell. She reached them, hugging. Mariuss came along, shaking his hand with Emell.
God Angell, you choke us, whats the matter? What is the occasion for you to be so loveable? Serena said.
Maybe because finally she got her period. Mariuss joked, being slapped over his shoulder by Angell.
Anyway, we came by, because Mariuss, the wormy over here, told us about the party.
Yes the party. Angell said frowning. Of course, lets go in.
The girls, with the two boys, entered the courtyard. Another car came by, and from it none other than Marvell got out. He was wearing sunglasses, and Angell sensed her eyes wet when she saw him, running towards him.
Oh my God, my Marvell!
Hey, whats wrong? He said, kissing her, seeing her tears coming out.
Marvell, you know that I love you, right?
Of course I know but
And so you know that I would never hurt you.
Angell, what is wrong with you?
I I had a bad dream. A nightmare She said emphasizing the last word.
Well love, I am here. And I will not let you go, wheres the gang?
They are inside.
Lets go too. The boy said happy, taking Angell by her shoulder.
A third car came by, being blue colored, and Angell watched it very curious. From the car came out four persons. The first two she recognized them, being Sabrina and Doriss, looking very happy. And from the back of the car, got out to unknown people. One of them was a tall, bony woman, with grizzled hair, having the glasses in in the shape of half moon. The other one was a massive man with a bushy moustache. 
Marvell I will be right back, just go before me. The girl said, not taking her eyes from the guests. Angell presuming that the old people were Amiras parents.
Hey Angell, sweet heart, whats up? Sabrina asked her.
The girl got outside from the yard, hugging Sabrina then Doriss. Doloress, her grandmother, came and hugged her, even if Angell was feeling somehow uncomfortable, because she didnt know them.
Angell, you grew so beautiful. I hope you are well.
Very well thank you. She smiled polite.
Come here, my darling. Gefred said, hugging her. For a treasure like you I have something special. He said taking out something from his pocket, wrapped in a piece of napkin. Your mother told me that you collect flowers, and I brought you one very special.
Angell smiled, and when she saw that special flower, her smile disappeared with a blink of an eye. Was a small blue, forget-me-not flower.
Forget-me-not, the rarest flower on the island.
Th thank you. She said, and then hugged him taking the flower.
Aunt, uncle, lets go. I am starving. Sabrina said, taking her purse.
Angell smiled to them, but something came into her mind.
I will be back. She said polite, entering the courtyard, and she made sure no one was following her, being in the backyard, and then she ran on the marble stairs, reaching the rebel beach.
The girl walked further in the sea, until he water was reaching her knee, looking at the blue sea.
I curse you flower, to never appear again, to be forgotten. The girl said.
Then she closed her eyes, and thrown the flower in the saline sea, seeing her how was pulled away by the current, then the girl came back on shore, smiling, holding the necklace with the small piece of the Dream Glass. Then she returned happy on the marble stairs, singing something joyful, not knowing that from a tree, somebody was watching her. She was dressed in a black cloak, having a large hood on her head to hide her face.
Maybe you won a battle Angell Valentine Veriss, but you didnt win the war. Said the stranger, and from the hood dark, two silver eyes sparkled, written on it some ieloharian words.
The End of Volume I
