
Beat Down  Episode 1: Clones
Copyright  Michael S. Hunter 2012
Published by AMMFA Publishing
Smashwords Edition

The right of Michael S. Hunter to be identified as the Author of this Work has been asserted by him in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.

All rights reserved.  No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the Author.

Cover image by Slamet Mujiono
www.Blewh.carbonmade.com
Cover titles by Su Halfwerk
www.novelprevue.com

This story is a work of fiction and is a product of the Authors imagination.  All resemblances to actual locations or to persons living or dead are entirely coincidental.



Also by Michael S. Hunter

The Beat Down! action/comedy novella series
Beat Down 1  Clones
Beat Down 2  The Heist
Beat Down 3  Badassaur!
Beat Down 4  The Sneevla


Michael S. Hunter also writes
under the name of Chris Ward

Novels
The Tube Riders (Tube Riders Trilogy #1)
The Tube Riders: Exile (Tube Riders Trilogy #2)
The Man Who Built the World
Head of Words

Collections
Ms Itos Bird and Other Stories
Five Tales of Horror
Five Tales of Loss
Five Tales of Fantasy
Five Tales of Dystopia



About the Author

Michael S. Hunter was born at the dawn of time and now resides somewhere south of midnight in a quaint little town known as Valhalla. He is a former professional wrestler and a fulltime badass who spends his time breaking rocks with his bare hands and snapping trees over his knees. He believes that morality and virtues are important regardless of your political or religious beliefs and that no home is complete without at least one cat.

For info on new releases:
New Releases Mailing List
Email:
michaelshuntersbeatdown@gmail.com
Facebook:
Michael S. Hunter
Blog:
Beat Down Online
Twitter:
MichaelSHunter1



Beat Down!

Episode 1 - Clones



Russell T. Goode had just won the Inter-Regional Championship for an unprecedented eleventh time when he heard an urgent shout from the side of the wrestling ring. He took his foot off the back of his beaten opponent and looked towards his corner, where his assistant and his manager were beckoning him over.
Russ! Quickly! I have some bad news! called his manager, Rip T. Chest, himself a former champion wrestler.
Russell frowned. No bad news was bad enough to stop him flexing his magnificent biceps and exemplary pectorals to his legions of adoring fans, so he ignored the shout for a while and did his regular showman routine, leaping up on to the corner ropes to salute his crowd.  His fans were almost exclusively hot chicks, so many that Russell often felt like the king rooster on a battery farm.  He carried on for a good five minutes before lumbering over to his corner in that pendulum-walk way which only overly-muscled champion pro-wrestlers can perfect.
Bad news, Russ, Rip said. I just got word that your brother Gary has been kidnapped.
Russell gritted his teeth, quietly pleased at how powerful his jaw felt. How do you know?
There was a note left on your brothers kitchen table. Marny went round to deliver the latest copy of Badass Wrestler Magazine  the one with you on the cover, because you know how jealous that makes him  and the door had been forced.  When Marny went inside he found the note. Someone had fixed it to the table by melting a Kick-Leg Action Russell wrestling doll over it. The head had been pulled off and Marny found it floating in the toilet bowl. The criminal clearly doesn't like you.
Who would want to kidnap that fool? Do you have the note?
Yes, wait until you see it. It gets worse. Rip, wearing a black trench coat that he thought made him look cool even in the hot confines of the wrestling arena, pulled a rolled-up piece of paper from his pocket. It was a small, A5-sized flyer for one of Russells recent performances. A pair of spectacles and a moustache had been scribbled in biro over a photograph of a triumphant Russell with his arms aloft.
Rip turned the paper over in his hands, cleared his throat and began to read.  Dear Russell No-Good. Your brother Gary is now my prisoner. You will never see him again. I hope you cry into your pillow every night like the big girls blouse the whole world will one day know that you are. Yours, with love as always, Kurt Sniveller.
Russell stroked his chiselled, anvil-shaped chin. That bounder, he breathed. I cant believe it. How dare he call me no good? He really has never gotten over that time I
And hes taken your brother.
Yeah, and that. Russell could only deal with one crisis at a time. What a whiny little girl. Hes never forgiven me for ending his career, but everyone has to leave the ring at some point, dont they? Except me, of course.
Crouched at Russells feet, his teenaged, blond-haired intern assistant Marny looked up from where he was collecting drops of Russells sweat in a cup. The sweat, nearly a litre so far, would be auctioned as was tradition at the post-match gala, tonight to be held at the local Tower View Hotel.
Marny grinned. Well, you did hit him with a three-minute Sludgehammer. You not only beat him, but you humiliated him too. There was no coming back from that.
Russell grinned. Quite right. Sludged into retirement. If Id known the problems it would cause, Id have stopped at two minutes.
Lets go backstage, Rip said. Well discuss this further there.
Russell grinned. You know Im usually busy backstage for a good hour. Two minutes, forty-five seconds each. Thats fifteen seconds above national average, you know.
Im sure Belinda would have something to say about that, Rip said with a smirk.  Belinda was a female wrestler and Russells girlfriend, and regardless of what he said, Russell was devoted to her. She was so beautiful that it was easy to see why. Rip, like most men, was completely in love with her.
Ah, shes off in Milan on a shopping trip with her mother, Russell said with a mischievous grin. So the stage is empty.
Rip shook his head. Not tonight, Russ-anova. After we received that letter I sent all the hot chicks home. Specifically, to my home.
Russell planted huge hands on carved hips. Oh, you . . . bounder.
I love you too. Come on. Lets go find out what happened to your brother.
Rip led Russell back through the cheering crowd. Marny trailed along behind, trying to catch drops of Russells sweat as they bounced off his body. Each one was worth a fortune.
#
In the dressing room they examined the letter. Sniveller must have had a reason for kidnapping Gary, Rip said. Any ideas, Russ?
Well, if I was top of the Premier League of cool, awesomeness, attractiveness, and numerous other positive traits, Gary would be somewhere down in the Fourth Division. Possibly fifth, if one existed. So Sniveller wouldnt have kidnapped him for any of those reasons. Not unless hes a complete idiot.
I know its difficult for you, but think, Russ. There must be something.
Theres not. You know me and Gary dont get along. He works in a bank, for heavens sake. Im the seven times Olympic Power Wrestling Champion and  as of tonight  eleven times World Wrestling Organization Inter-Regional Champion. If Sniveller wanted someone thats everything Garys not, he would have tried to kidnap me.
A scientific impossibility.
Of course. Because I
However, Marny said. Have you considered the possibility, Boss, that hes trying to get you in a kind of roundabout way?
No, dont be stupid.
Marny held up a hand and poked Russell in the chest. Boss, listen! You might be made of this, he said, giving one of Russells iron-hard pectorals a quick squeeze, while Gary is made of this, he pointed to his own rather unimpressive chest but inside, youre both the same.
Rip clicked his fingers. Genetics. Of course!  You have the same genetics because youre brothers.
Russell nodded. His shoulder-length blonde hair bobbed like a horses mane. Of course. He wants to surgically enhance my brother so that he looks like me and then worship him. Russell shook his head in disgust. What a bounder. His depravity knows no limits.
Russ, Rip said, Im not sure. They clearly want to get to you, but I dont think well know for sure until we find where Sniveller has taken Gary.
Russell nodded. You may be right. I think I need to go home, climb trees and meditate on this. He grinned. At the same time, of course.
Marny nodded. Sure thing, Boss.
Keep us up to date, Russ. In the meantime, Ill hire some private detectives to work out what the hell is going on.
#
Russell jogged home. Even after a hard night in the ring he was as spritely as a long distance runner, even if he ran in a tight-butted kind of way that made him look like he had permanent constipation. He took a path along the large river that split the city in two  the River Russ; named, of course, after the citys favourite son  on an easy path lit only by the occasional street light. The town was deathly quiet as usual, unsurprising now that the worlds oil resources had nearly run out. Being a keen environmentalist, Russell welcomed the change, and would have drunk the remaining oil himself to speed up the process if it had been one of his many skills. However, in the ten years since cars and all forms of private transport that werent electric had become obsolete, numerous shady companies had appeared and were attempting to take over the struggling energy market.
Russell, of course, who could easily run a hundred miles at a stretch and jump over buildings if necessary, welcomed the silence. It was good for his vegetables, the semi-magical properties of which were important ingredients in the special version of the soft drink Beat Down, which sponsored all of his matches.
He was about halfway home, enjoying the peace and warmth of the evening when he heard a sound in the water nearby. He jogged over to the edge of the river and looked down as a large and forbidding shape approached the bank.
As the Tiger Shark broke the surface Russells face cracked into a wide, gleaming smile.
Bro! he shouted. Long time no see!
Russell reached out over the water and the huge Tiger Shark flipped over and gave Russells outstretched palm a hearty slap with its tail.
Long time no sea? Thats sharp, even for you, Russell, said the Tiger Shark, who, thanks to a meeting with Russell a few years previously, could talk as well as any man. The sharks name was Mart, and it was appropriate that he and Russell were best friends. Russell was the most badass thing on land, while Mart was the most badass thing in the ocean. A lot of people claimed Great Whites were bigger and tougher sharks, but as Russell always pointed out to such doubters, Mart was not just a shark but a Tiger Shark. He was a tiger and a shark, which made him badass times two.
And badass times two was second only to badass times infinity, which was, of course, Russell. But second to Russell was still good.  It was rare that anyone other than Russell finished second to Russell.
Whats up? Russell said. You look pretty upset down there in the water.
Russell, who could, of course, see in the dark, had no trouble seeing the frown on his buddys fishy face, even though it was night.
Not good news, Mart said. A number of my relatives have gone missing. There is a rumour of illegal shark fishing out in the bay, though we think our brothers are being taken alive. Theres a big old ship out there causing trouble. I could really do with you swimming out there and opening up a can of Beat Down on the punks who are doing this.
Russell nodded. Sure, I could put some in a rucksack. But why? Are they taking other fish too?
Not this ship. This ship is real big and looks dangerous. I think its a science research vessel, but that could be a cover for something else.
Russell rubbed his chin. Things dont add up, Mart. Earlier today my brother Gary was kidnapped by Kurt Sniveller.
That scoundrel!
And now youre telling me that some of your relatives have been taken too? It could be connected.
It could. I have no idea why, but two strange happenings in the same day make me wonder. Something smells bad, and it isnt you.
Of course it isnt, Russell said. I showered after my last match. Look, Ill go back to my house, oil myself down, have a massage, and get some cans of Beat Down. Then Ill meet you back here in half an hour.
Sounds good, Russell. Ill just swim around in circles for a while until you get back.
Russell bounded off towards home. Well, sinister happenings indeed. Hed need all his muscles (and possibly some of his brainpower) to solve this one.
Back at his house, Russell had a nice cup of Lady Grey tea with a couple of digestive biscuits, munched down a few cucumbers from his own vegetable garden and relaxed for a while, recovering his strength. Haste was a patient mans enemy, someone had once said. Russell wasnt quite sure what that meant, but he knew it was important.
After a short nap, he got up, poured oil over his muscles and rubbed himself up to a good shine. Then he focused on the task in hand.
Gary was missing. It should concern him more, but Gary was hardly necessary for the survival of the human race. Marts relatives, on the other hand . . . that was a different matter. Sharks were cool, and had to be saved.
Russell was a vegan, of course. He refused to eat any animal that couldnt beat him in a fight, and no animal hed come up against had managed it. He had thought hed met his match with a lion once, but the stupid animal had mistaken him for one of its own pride, his blonde hair being so long, lustrous and magazine glossy. When it had tried to hump him Russell had used his other finishing move, the devastating Bumstone, to send it cowering into submission.
He went to the fridge and took out a few of cans of Beat Down.  The drink, for which he was the brands face, was the liquid equivalent of himself: extremely tasty, extremely cool, and packing an almighty punch.  He stuffed them into a rucksack along with a bunch of other stuff he thought he might need, such as a spare wrestling leotard, a pair of binoculars and a sledgehammer. For a normal human the bag would have been heavy, but Russell delighted in tossing it from hand to hand like a packet of chips as he walked out through his garden and back up to the road.
Outside, he called Marny and Rip, and asked them to commandeer a boat and meet him out in the bay. Of course mobile phones, harmful to the environment as they were, were illegal, but Russell could scream at a frequency only dogs could hear. Marny had a little mechanical receiver built into his forehead.
Russell headed back to the river. Mart was still there, swimming aimlessly in circles as he had promised. Russell lugged his heavy rucksack up on his back and jumped into the water.
A normal man would have drowned under the weight of Russells pack, but of course Russells lungs were so big and powerful that he could breathe in enough air to make him float like a dinghy.
Lets go, Russell, Mart shouted, heading back downriver towards the port and the sea beyond. Dont let me slow you down!
Russells frog kick was, of course, powerful enough to allow him to out-swim Mart fairly easily. However, he reined in his natural competitiveness so that he could converse with his friend.
Hows the food situation at the moment? he said as they swam.
Good, not bad at all. Our numbers are up, which is why we didnt notice the first few waves of disappearances.
Glad to know it. If those bounders on the county council are over-fishing again just let me know and Ill have Rip write them an assertive letter of complaint.
Mart nodded his big blue head. Sure thing. I can always count on you, dude.
Russell grinned. Well, you cant exactly count on your fingers
At that moment, Mart gasped. Look! Theres the ship.
It rose up before them like a dark, metallic iceberg, bobbing and dipping in the choppy sea. Russell could see it looked like an old, decommissioned whaling vessel with a large open bow where its victims could be hauled up and inside.
A huge net was draped in the water on the starboard side of the ship. Little mechanical buoys were dragging it around in the water. Inside the net, Russell could see chunks of what looked like wood bobbing up and down in the water.
Russell, help me, Mart gasped. I cant resist . . . when I hear the call I have to obey!
Mart! What is it?
The one thing a shark cant resist, Mart said, his voice desperate. Surfboards.
With that, Russells friend was gone, swimming at full speed towards the net. Russell, who of course could have overtaken his friend and stopped him, recognized the importance of bait. While Mart and his friends were struggling, Russell could sneak up on the ship and open up a can of Beat Down without being seen.
He used his creepy dog voice to contact Marny and Rip. Boys, where are you?
Were trailing the ship, Boss, Marny  who had a voice-to-dog-frequency converter  called back. Were about two hundred metres behind it. Mr. Rip says to tell you we went online and using some secret codes, we discovered that this operation might be connected to Kurt Sniveller. Hes not only kidnapped your brother, but hes stealing sharks as well.
That bounder, Russell breathed. Okay, Ill try to get on board the ship and Beat Down some punks. That should put an end to this part of the operation at least.
Russell swam up to the ships hull. Around the front, Mart had already been dragged inside, presumably into a holding tank. Russell didnt know why the sharks were being taken, but it was probably not for their meat  otherwise theyd have been killed in the water. No, it was more complicated than that.
Russell trod water while he hefted the heavy sledgehammer and bashed some hand-holds into the hull of the ship. Then he tossed the sledgehammer back over his shoulder. He no longer needed it  he preferred to bash punks with his hands. There was no better feeling than hand on punk.
Using his new handholds, Russell scrambled up the hull of the ship. When he reached the top he looked over carefully to see what he was dealing with. The deck was empty, so he vaulted over the safety rail on to the deck and looked around for some punks to smash.
From the front of the ship, Russell could hear the sounds of frenzied activity. He rushed over and looked down to where the nets were hauling dozens of sharks in through the open whaling bow. He easily noticed Mart down there, because thanks to Russell, Mart was far bigger and more badass than all of the other sharks. Still, a net was a net.
Then Russell noticed something that made his blood run as cold as the blood of such a warm-blooded heat-generating machine as he was could. Standing by the far side of the net, overseeing the capture of the sharks, was a man in grey overalls, wearing a raincoat over the top. Russell would have thought nothing of him were it not for the triangle of blue beard which poked out from under the hood of the raincoat.
Bluebeard! So, the Sprite Squadron are involved. A sure-fire sign of Sniveller if ever one was needed!
The Sprite Squadron were Kurt Snivellers most trusted henchmen. Seven male ballerinas turned wrestlers, each with a different coloured beard so he could be told apart from the others. They had been the World Wrestling Organisations most hilarious heels, being battered by pretty much everyone they tag-teamed against. Russell remembered the time Rip had come out of retirement for a TV special and together theyd thrown the Sprite Squadron, one after another, into a pit filled with cotton wool, where theyd struggled and writhed like the idiots they were.
Eventually losing their contracts with the WWO for being too useless, for a while they had performed in circuses and at primary school Christmas parties. Eventually they had slipped out of the public eye altogether and it later emerged that theyd been employed as brightly coloured thugs by one of Snivellers shady companies.
Russell stepped out of sight while he composed himself. He reached into his bag, pulled out his hand mirror, blew on it until it was dry, then checked his hair. It felt thick and lank with so much salt in it, but there was nothing much that could be done.
I just hope there are no hot chicks about, Russell muttered. Id get thrown overboard if they saw this hair. In fact, Id probably just jump in to save them the trouble.
Marnys voice squealed in his ear. Boss? Are you on the ship? Mr. Rip wants to know if we need to engage the enemy.
Ill take this solo, Russell shouted back. You stay back there and monitor the situation.
Russell went back to observe Bluebeard, but he saw that the former male ballerina was no longer alone. A little pointy pink beard was sticking out from under the hood of the rain jacket the second man was wearing. Pinkbeard. He was the toughest of the whole Sprite Squadron. You had to be when your beard was pink.
Russell lifted both arms in the air. Olay-o! he roared, and leapt over the rail, down to where the last sharks were being hauled onboard.
He landed in a fighting crouch right in front of the two Squadron members. He took out Bluebeard  who, as always, looked miserable  with a flying kick to the head, knocking him back down the sloping floor toward the open entrance of the ships hull.
No Good! What are you doing here? Pinkbeard shouted.
Its bedtime, Pinky, Russell shouted, aiming a two-foot flying kick at his adversary.
Pinkbeard stepped aside and Russells feet instead slammed into the face of Bluebeard, whod just sat up. Nothing ever goes right for me! Bluebeard whined, then his eyes rolled back in his head and he slumped back against the side of the ship.
As Russell turned around, he saw Pinkbeard rip off his rain jacket and overalls to reveal a tight pink leotard. He growled and dropped into a fighting crouch.
Another Velcro costume, you cad! Russell said, and aimed a low roundhouse chop at Pinkbeard, who leapt over the top and caught Russell in a grapple position. He grabbed Russells hair and pretended to rabbit punch Russell in that odd way that wrestlers do. Russell pretended to be hurt, then, after a respectable period of time, he dropped to his knees, grappled Pinkbeard to the ground and together they rolled down the slope towards the back of the ship in a man-hug.
Tell me what youre doing with the sharks, you bounder!
Youll never find out! Youll never find your brother either!
Youre welcome to that idiot, he works in a bank!
You cant spell bank!
Yes I can, B
Russells mouth filled with water as they fell out of the back of the ship. Pinkbeard kicked him away and Russell found himself floundering in the choppy water in the ships wake.
Yellowbeard! Pinkbeard shouted. Release the anchor!
Russell saw the huge metal shape rushing down towards him just a second before it would have crushed even his exemplary body. As it was, he managed to dodge aside, but he looked up to find Pinkbeard leaning over him with what looked like manacles in his pink-gloved hands. In an instant Pinkbeard had snapped one around Russells neck, and the other end around one of the huge rungs of the anchors chain as it uncoiled. For a moment Russell saw the glee on Pinkbeards face, and then he was under the water, being dragged down towards the seabed far below.
The Squadron had got lucky, he reflected, as he sank into the dark depths. Being underwater was no real problem because, of course, Russell could breathe underwater. However, it would take time to break through the chains to get back to the surface. At least the ship was still secured, though.
Then, much to his frustration, he felt the chain go slack above him, and knew they had found some way to release it. He dodged out of the way as the links dragged him down, then a moment later he was standing on the seabed in total darkness amid a pile of chains. Something felt squishy underfoot, and Russell tried to call Pinkbeard a bounder, but instead he just got a mouthful of water.
Neither, of course, could he call Marny from underwater. He might have been able to send a message by sonar  because Russell could, of course, produce a kind of sonar Morse Code by tensing and un-tensing his chest muscles in a certain rhythm, creating ripples in the water that could be detected at a range of about five miles  but Marny wasnt the sharpest pencil in the pack and probably wouldnt think to turn the little boats radar on. And in Russells absence, Rip, sensing a chance at glory, would probably be doing press-ups and sit-ups out on the deck. Rip was Russells right-hand man as well as his manager, but with Russell around Rip no longer got as much chance to whoop punk butt as he would probably like.
All of these thoughts circled Russells tiny mind like squid around a whales corpse. He had to order his priorities. His hair-care products and his body lotion, tanning oil and vanity mirror were all on that ship, along with several unopened cans of Beat Down. He had to get them back. If Mart and his brother had to be sacrificed to do so then so be it, but unless he could get free of the manacles keeping him attached to the jettisoned anchor, he had no chance. That ship was on its way to who knew where, and no one knew where he was. In his extended absence, his friends would assume what was considered impossible  that he was dead.
Of course, Russell was not easily beaten. Escape was no problem, it just might take time. He gritted the teeth he brushed and flossed three times a day, and reached out for the manacle chain.
Trying not to swallow little shards of iron as he filed them away, Russell began to gnaw through the steel.
#
Rip was applying body oil. I really think this is it, he said to Marny, who was steering the boat around in another circle. Either hes aboard, in which case wed probably know from the noise hed be making, or hes
Dont say it!
We have to assume the worst. Perhaps this time Russell bit off more than he could chew. This sucks for all of us, especially Belinda, who will need a strong, fatherly shoulder to cry on, but perhaps this time he really is
Marny clamped his hands over his ears. Dont say it!
Hold the wheel, you fool! Rip shouted as the boat keeled over to starboard, sending him sprawling towards the side. Youre going to . . . I dont believe it.
What?
Rip pointed. Well, Ill be damned.
Boss! Marny shouted as Russell swam up to the boat and hauled himself up over the side. Youre alive!
Russell grimaced. I think I chipped a tooth.
Rip glanced at Marny and raised an eyebrow.
#
Back at the port, they headed for a private room at a top night club in order to decide what to do next. Marny waited outside to take drink orders, while Russell and Rip made plans.
So, Russell said, slamming his eighth tequila shot back down on the table. Of course, Russell was immune to the effects of alcohol, but he did enjoy the ceremony that surrounded it. This is the plan. First I get my tooth crowned. I have an appointment at 9 a.m. tomorrow. Then we find out where that ship went.
Marnys . . . huh? Marnys. On. It. Rip didnt take drink nearly as well as Russell did, plus he was old. He, um, he left, um, a . . . one of them things. You know.
A grappling hook?
No!
A rocket launcher?
No!
A self-destructing device? Yeah, that would be badass.
No! He left, um, a tracking beacon.
Whats that supposed to do?
Rip coughed tequila into his hand. Itll tell us where they went.
Awesome.
The door opened, filling the room with the sound of thudding music, and Marny hurried in. Boss, great news! He held up a handheld computing device. The ship has docked. I know where Snivellers men took the sharks!
Russell grinned. Right back where he found them? Because he knew that Id be opening up a can of Beat Down otherwise?
Marny shook his head. No, Boss, sorry. He took them to a small island off the coast. New Welcome, its called on this map. Its supposedly uninhabited, but if you look on Google Earth you can see obvious industrial holdings.
Rip took the device from Marny and peered at it. Um, its dark.
Screensaver.
Oh. Rip stared at it. After a minute he shook his head and handed it back.
What do we do, Boss? Id say theyre keeping the sharks and your brother on that island.
Russell stood up and thumped his chest like a gorilla. We leave tomorrow, he said defiantly. Right after my dental appointment.
#
The next morning, after Russells dental appointment, they headed down to the port and rented a small boat that could take them out to the island of New Welcome. Russell, whose teeth had also been given a polish, grinned at everyone they passed on the walk down through the city, despite the severity of the situation.
Your brother and Mart could be dead, Rip pointed out after Russell had flashed a wide grin at yet another group of passing hot chicks. Or worse, they could be getting tortured as we speak. Its abominable. Probably hurts less than my head, though.
Those bounders will get their comeuppance, Russell said.  You can be certain of that.
At the port they met Marnys contact. This is our guide to the island, Marny said, indicating the man standing in front of them, who wore a wide, gap-toothed grin. This is the one and only Capn Nerv.
Even Russell raised an eyebrow.
Capn Nerv looked like the result of a car full of townies crashing into a childrens bookshop. In true pirate style, he only had one leg, and one hand was also missing. Instead of a wooden stump though, a Gray Nicholls cricket bat protruded from his knee, while from his wrist poked the end of a food mixer. A wire snaked up his arm to a battery pack strapped to his shoulder. He had a bushy pirate beard, but a townie crew cut topped with a Millwall F.C. baseball cap. From the waist down he wore trousers that appeared to be made of sacking, but his upper body was wrapped in an Adidas bomber jacket.
And like the icing on the proverbial character cake, perched on top of the battery pack strapped to Capn Nervs shoulder was a jackdaw.
Hello, Bert, Marny said.
Chav, chav! the bird squawked.
Pleasure to make your acquaintance, Captain, Russell said, reaching out to shake the captains remaining hand. Very glad you could help us out with a boat and a guide out to that island. Im sure you know exactly who I am.
Sniveller ad ye, boy, Nerv croaked. Ye was lucky as any boy ever was.
Russell glanced at Rip, who shrugged. Um, I think perhaps we need to think about alternative
Capn Nerv cackled and slammed a fist into Russells stomach. Russell, despite his iron hard abs, was caught unawares and doubled over, winded. The captain cackled again and slapped Russell on the back. Only joshing with ye, lad, haha, he said. That was the classic Sludgehammer, boy. The best. I replay that DVD nightly, just before bed
And Im Rip T. Chest, Rip said, taking the captains hand. Im Russells manager and also a former professional wrestler, as you can probably tell from my muscular physique.
Haha, sure I can, lad, Capn Nerv said, giving Rips hand a hearty shake. Good job too, as wes gonna need your strength where wes going. And if we get lost we got plenty o meat to cook up, haha.
Now hed got his breath back, Russell had quite warmed to the captain. He especially loved the way Capn Nerv called both himself and Rip lad and boy when he was significantly younger than either of them.  In fact, behind the beard he was probably only a year or two older than Marny.
All aboard, the captain said, waving them towards the port.
Chav, chav! screeched Bert, causing a couple of nearby young people to jump in alarm.
#
A couple of minutes later they were all loaded into the captains boat.
Um, Marny . . . you didnt say it was a row boat, Rip said, looking regretfully at the oar in its cradle in front of his seat.
Its environmentally friendly, Mr. Rip, Marny said. The boat we used yesterday was already rented out today, so I called up the captain. I thought that you and Boss could do with some exercise.
Russell was flexing his biceps. How far is it again?
Haha, the captain cackled. Bout hundred twenty miles as the boat rows.
Is that all? Rip said. We should be there by morning . . . next bloody Tuesday!
Im sure Marny and the captain will take their turns at the oars, Russell said with a grin. When you get tired.
I have to watch out for icebergs, Boss, Marny said.
And the captain mans the refreshments! Capn Nerv said, holding up a large barrel. This should get us there no worries, me lovers!
Rips eyes widened in alarm. Oh no, dont tell me thats 
Peach schnapps! the captain crowed, and Bert added a sharp, Chav, chav!
Russell took a deep breath. Right, lets get this convoy on the road, people. We have to save Mart, his shark mates and . . . and, um
Your brother Gary, Boss.
And him! Theyre relying on us!
Full speed ahead! Capn Nerv shouted. Russell jerked on his oar, causing the boat to spin around in a circle with the tip hitting the side of the pier because Rip was still adjusting his trousers on the seat.
Almost ready. . .
#
A few hours later, well out to sea, Rip, in particular, was starting to flag. Since retiring to become Russells manager five years previously, he had let himself slip, relying on past glories to maintain a steady stream of celebrity TV appearances and increasingly younger girlfriends. Now his back muscles were burning and the occasional tankards of peach schnapps that the laughing Capn Nerv pressed to his lips were doing nothing for his headache. Even Russell looked ready for a rest when Rip finally held up a hand and called for a halt.
Did we bring any damn lunch? he grunted, wiping sweat off his brow. I could really do with a meat pie.
The captain chortled. No, but weve got fish.
Where?
The captain jerked the thumb of his good hand back over his shoulder. In there.
Well, a lot of bloody good theyll do down there.
Russell looked up. I have a plan, he said. If I punch the surface of the ocean, itll create a shockwave down through the water that will kill all the fish. When they float to the surface we can scoop them up.
Boss, youre a vegetarian, Marny said from the prow.
Of course I am. However, I was thinking of the weaker members of our group, and sometimes sacrifices have to be made.
Dont worry, I packed some cabbage sandwiches, Marny said. He reached into his knapsack and pulled out three small packets wrapped in foil.
Halleluiah, were saved, Rip said wryly, opening up his sandwich. Couldnt you have put a bit of steak in it?
Meat is bad for you, Mr. Rip, Marny said. Especially at your age.
There are times, Marny, when I dont really care whats bad for me.
The captain held out a tankard of schnapps. Drink?
Id rather drink sea water.
The captain cackled and took a swig. Chav? inquired Bert, and the captain reached up for the bird to dip his beak into the tankard.
Russell flashed Rip a wide grin. Ive got an idea. Marny, is there a grappling hook in my bag?
Marny had a quick look. Of course there is, Boss. Weve got one with a hundred metres of extra-strength rope attached.
Well, look over there. Is that not a sail tanker?
They all looked where Russell was pointing. Heading roughly towards them was a huge cargo ship. Because there was no longer much oil left in the world to power its engines, the ship had a gigantic sail rising about a hundred metres out of its deck. The massive vessel dipped and bounced over the waves.
Is that not travelling in our direction? Russell asked. And is its course not going to pass near that pesky island were heading for?
Marny pulled out his handheld computer tablet and tapped the screen. After a moment, he nodded. It sure is, Boss.
Pass me that grapple, Russell said. Tie the end of the rope to the prow of our boat.
The huge sail tanker loomed up on their right. It was perhaps five hundred metres long, and they saw now that it had not one sail, but three.
As they began to get buckled by the waves thrown up by the ships prow, Russell stood up in the boat and swung the grappling hook rapidly around his head. Capn Nerv and Bert ducked so as to avoid being skewered, while Marny and Rip dropped down into the bottom of the boat.
There! shouted Russell, releasing the hook. It sailed across the space between their tiny boat and the monstrous sail ship, the rope unravelling out behind it like a slime trail behind a snail.
Just as they all thought the grappling hook would drop short into the sea, it seemed to rise on a gust of wind and caught over the rail at the ships stern, where it locked tight.
There it is! Russell shouted.
Where on earth did you learn to do that, Russ? Rip said.
Russell grinned. As a teenager I had a part time job rustling cattle.
Oh.
They all watched as the ship ploughed away, the slack in the rope gradually being taken up.
Best hang on, me lovers, Capn Nerv said. Looks like the rides about to start!
The rope went taut, jerking the boat forward. Marny, Rip and Russell fell in a heap in the bottom of the boat. At the rear, the captain hung on to the schnapps with one hand while he had jammed a barbed hook, fitted into his multi-functional stump, into the seat at the rear of the boat. You did it, lad! he shouted, while Bert added a joyful, Chav!
It quickly became apparent that the sail tanker was going far faster than it had appeared. Huge waves rolled back towards them from the ships wake, and their little row boat jumped and jerked like a fish caught on a hook. Russell gave a hearty laugh of excitement, while Rip groaned and clutched his stomach. Marny just stared in terror at the towering stern of the sail tanker as wave after wave of wake tossed them about in the water.
This is the life, eh lads! Capn Nerv shouted. Out on the open ocean! Bert, tired of the constant bumper ride, had flown up to the sail tanker, and now looked down at them from his perch on the rail near the grappling hook. Every so often a faint, Chav, chav! floated down.
Bloody hell, I think Im going to be  Rip started, then rushed for the side of the boat. As he chundered up his lunch, bits of cabbage caught by the wind fluttered back down the boat, making the others duck for survival.
#
Three hours later, Marny, his face as green as the ocean, turned back to look at Rip, who was groaning in the bottom of the boat. He lifted one weak hand to point at his computer tablet. With his chin sticky with vomit, he croaked: Were near.
Rip, curled up like a foetus, his arms wrapped around the seat in the centre of the boat, gave a little jerk of his head that could have been either a nod or a death spasm. Uh, he muttered. Behind him, the captain had drunk himself to sleep and now lay in the back of the boat with the barrel of peach schnapps clutched to him like a security blanket.
Whoopee! came the joyful cry from out on the water behind him. After the captain had fallen asleep, Russell had unscrewed his cricket bat and was using it as a crude water-ski. In order to have something to hold on to, Russell had reeled in the rope that attached them to the sail tanker and cut off part of it.  Only about half the length was left and now their little boat bounced and jumped no more than twenty metres behind the huge ship, while Russell performed a series of intricate moves in the water behind them.
Boss! Marny croaked again. Theres the island!
Just another twenty minutes! Russell shouted back. Im working up to a backflip.  Can you video me so I can show Belinda?
Enough, Rip said, crawling forward towards the prow. Lets end this bloody rollercoaster ride. He reached out and untied the knot in the rope.
With their link to the giant sail tanker broken, they quickly dropped back behind the ship. There was a disappointed groan from Russell as they floated out of the ships wake into calmer water, but sighs of relief from all the others. Russell swam back to the boat, climbed in and quickly screwed the cricket bat back into place in the captains stump. Bert flew back down and pecked the captain until he woke up, squawking, Chav, chav! all the while.
There she is, Marny said.
The big ship had sailed on into the distance. On the clear horizon they could see a forested, mountainous island rising up into the grey bank of cloud that hung low over it. There was no sign of any habitation, but with Sniveller being the crafty devil that he was, no doubt whatever mischief he was up to was well hidden.
Lets get going, Rip said, as Russell sat back down at his oar. Hopefully theyll have a McDonalds or something on that rock.
Rip, my mentor and friend, Russell said with a raised eyebrow, Sometimes I think youre on a one-man mission to destroy this beautiful world.
Huh. Well, if I should suffer, so should everything else. Lets row.
Land ahead! yelled the captain as they set off, brandishing a fresh tankard of schnapps. Full speed, me lovers!
Were doing our bloody best, Rip muttered, pulling on his oar. A little help wouldnt go amiss. . .
#
They pulled up on to the beach about an hour later. Marny got out and immediately began looking for signs of habitation. Russell and Rip dragged the boat up into the trees so it was out of sight, while Capn Nerv and Bert went off looking for somewhere to make camp.
Twenty minutes later the captain came hobbling back along the sand to announce that he had found somewhere. They followed his limping form back to a little wooden hut set back some way into the trees, beside a small stream. It looked like a former tourist chalet, only now it was tumbledown and abandoned. They had already agreed to rest for a night before attempting to find Snivellers base, because, with the exception of Russell, who was, of course, arguably superhuman, they were all exhausted.
Out the front was a little barbeque pit. The captain stoked a small fire while Rip and Marny went off to forage. Russell walked upstream a little way until he found a pool big enough to wash the salt out of his hair.
When Russell returned, Capn Nerv was handing out paper cups of peach schnapps while Rip tended a few wild turnips, carrots and potatoes they had found growing in the forest. Marny had gone off to fish in the river.
Im concerned, Russell said, sitting down and waiting for Rip to pass him a paper plate of grilled vegetables. Terribly concerned.
About what?
This whole terrible mess. Its shocking.
Rip nodded. I know what you mean. I cant believe it either. Your brother Gary, and all those sharks missing
Russell flapped a hand. Oh, not that. I meant this. He tugged at a clump of hair. Ive got an awful knot in this.
Chav! Bert cawed.
Ill book you up a hair appointment the minute we get back, Rip said.
Russell leaned back against a rock. Sniveller . . . that bounder. Hes causing me no end of trouble. He rubbed a finger down his face then glared at it. This salty air is ruining my complexion.
Have some schnapps, Capn Nerv said with a wide grin.
Thanks. Russell took a cup and drained it in one gulp. Almost immediately they heard a rumbling from the ground below them. Good God, Captain, Russell exclaimed, I think that stuff has given me the trots.
Its not you, Russ! Rip shouted, standing up. Its something below us!
The earth began to shake, and sand rushed to fill little cracks that appeared in the ground. Russell had the sensation of being lifted up into the air. He grabbed hold of a nearby rock.
Its rising! Rip shouted as the whole area beneath them suddenly jerked upwards.
One o you lads grab the schnapps! Capn Nerv shouted, as Bert flew off to perch in the safety of a nearby tree, cackling, Chav, chav! all the while.
Rip managed to grab the barrel under one arm as it rolled towards the edge of what now revealed itself as a giant door. With the other he held on to the trunk of a nearby sapling. Russell had climbed up as far as the chalet, and was standing with his feet braced against the door frame as the whole building rose into the air.
Beneath them they heard a roaring sound, like a huge waterfall.
Its a secret entrance! Russell shouted. That bounder Sniveller must have his base underground!
Below them, a flood of water gushed out of the open entrance as their barbeque spot became a gurgling river. The chalet continued to rise until they were almost thirty metres in the air.
I cant hold on! Rip shouted. That row really took it out of me!
Russell looked around for the others. Bert was frantically cawing, Chav, chav! from a nearby tree. Capn Nerv had managed to hobble to high ground, and now stood on a rock just above the rushing water. Rip was hanging on to a tree poking out of the side of the huge door, with the barrel of schnapps under his free arm. Back on the beach, Marny was watching the whole scene unfold with a look of horror on his face.
A huge shape appeared from out of the opening, moving swiftly below them on the now raging flood of water.
Its the whaling ship! Russell shouted. They must be going back to get more sharks! What can the bounders be doing with them all?
I . . . cant. . . Rip began, then Russell watched with dismay as the barrel fell down into the raging waters in the ships wake.
The schnapps! the captain roared. Save the schnapps, ye heathen coward!
Rips face was a picture of suffering. I cant
Yes, ye can!
Then, with the athleticism of a professional soccer player, Capn Nerv flicked up a rock with his good leg and swung at it with the cricket bat embedded into the stump of the other. The ball struck the middle of the bat and flew through the air like a bullet. With the accuracy of a royal archer, the rock struck the top of Rips fingers with a resounding crunch.
Dammit! Rip shouted, his fingers jerking and letting go. His legs flapped as he hung comically in the air for a moment, then he plunged down into the torrent of white water.
Thats it, me hearty! Capn Nerv hollered, cackling with laughter. Sacrifice yeself for the booze!
For a few seconds Rip struggled in the water. Russell saw one arm slip around the barrel, and he marvelled at Rips selflessness. However, he would later assume, his friend could have just been looking to hold on to something that floated.
The water had begun to rush back into the opening, as if pulled by a suction pump. One moment Rip was there and the next he had been sucked down into that deep, dark hole.
Russell held on for dear life as the door began to descend. A few seconds later he was back on the ground, surrounded by a rather wet barbeque area.
The captain hobbled over, Bert flapping down to rejoin him. Marny appeared at Russells shoulder. Boss, he said, is Mr. Rip dead?
Russell shrugged. I have no way of knowing, my young friend. He could be fine, floating around down there with just the schnapps for company. Or he could be mincemeat. I just cant say.
We have to rescue him!
We have to rescue a lot of people. He needs to join the queue. Russell shook his thick mane of hair. Sometimes I feel more in demand that a newly released hair care product with a specially developed and clinically proven scientific formula.
Ah, what a way to die, Capn Nerv said. Sacrificing yeself for a fine barrel of peach schnapps.
You murdered him! Marny shouted.
A mercy killing, lad, the captain said. A mercy killing. And he might yet be alive, well see.
Chav, Bert added, nodding sagely.
What are we going to do, Boss? Marny asked.
First things first. I need an oil down and a massage. Can you go and get my stuff from the cabin?
Marny rushed inside, but returned just a few seconds later. Its all gone, he said. It must have been washed away by the water.
What a nightmare, Russell said. I have to face the enemy without my face on. What an irony. God, it sucks being a woman.
Youre a man, Boss.
On the outside, Marny. On the outside. He gave a deep sigh. Well, without further ado, lets get going. If we wait until morning Ill look even worse than I do now. He pointed up towards the centre of the island. This way, I guess.
#
As Russell strode off with Capn Nerv stumping along in pursuit, Marny quietly took Russells bag of body lotions and hair care products from behind his back and slipped it into his own rucksack. It would make a good reward once the others were safe, but revealing its existence now would put them another couple of hours behind schedule.
#
A while later they reached the end of the trees and found themselves at the base of a towering cliff that rose almost vertically up in front of them.
What do we do now? Marny asked, shining a flashlight up at the rock face. There were plenty of handholds for an experienced climber, but it looked crumbly and dangerous for an amateur. If we try to go around, it could be too late. Gary, Mart and Rip could all be dead by the time we get there, if they arent already.
Russell grinned. I dont quite know how it escaped your knowledge, but I once spent a summer working in mountain rescue in the Andes. I climbed harder rock faces than this in the gym with my eyes shut, a camel strapped to my back, and naked.
Thats great, Boss. What about us?
We aint staying nowhere there aint no peach schnapps.
Chav, chav!
When I get to the top, Ill see if I can find some vines or something to tie together to make a rope.
Reluctantly, Marny and the captain nodded. Russell flexed his biceps for a couple of minutes longer than necessary and then began to climb.
He was about ten feet up when a roar came from back in the trees. They heard the sound of something big pushing its way through the undergrowth.
What the hell is that? Marny cried, swinging his flashlight back and forth. Russell! Dont leave us!
A huge green head poked out of the trees. Shiver me bloody timbers, the captain said. Talk about making a set of boots for the five thousand, Jesus Christ.
It was a crocodile. Judging by the size of the head, it had to be fifteen metres long. It was more of a dinosaur.
Were in the North Sea. How the hell do they have crocodiles? Marny shouted. Boss! Help us!
Look at him, the captain said. The lads got six legs. Hes been genetically modified. He must have been put here to guard the island.
With a terrified, Chav, chav! Bert flew off to the safety of a nearby tree.
Just you and me, boy, the Capn said. You go first, sacrifice yeself for an invalid. Theres a good lad.
The crocodile charged.
Ahh!
Shiver me!
Marny closed his eyes, expecting to become a late evening snack in the next couple of seconds, but suddenly there came a battle cry from above them.
Beat Down!
Marny and the captain looked up to see Russell flying through the air like a catapulted side of pork. His feet slammed into the top of the crocodiles head and then Russells muscular arms slipped around its huge neck. Russell grunted and flipped, pulling the giant beast over in a death roll it would have been proud of itself.
Marny! Get me a can!
Without hesitation, Marny reached into his rucksack and pulled out a can of Beat Down. He tossed it to Russell who caught it in his mouth.
Fwanks!
Russells teeth squeezed over the can, breaking the seal. The thick, fizzy liquid gushed down his throat.
Oh, yeah! Its time for some Beat Down!
Russell let go of the crocodile and jumped high in the air. His fists began to expand, first to the size of his head, then beyond, until they were the size of large car tyres. Marny was sure he could hear the sound of the guitar riff from the Beat Down TV commercial, of which Russell was the star. Of course, only Russell was provided with the special formula stuff the company made in its secret labs. Everyone else got a simple energy drink.
Russell landed on the crocodiles back, his huge fists slamming into its face. It roared with pain and tried to turn around to attack, but Russell hammered it in the face again, sending it flying back toward the forest where it landed against a tree. In a second it was on its six feet again, rushing towards him, but Russell slammed his fists against the ground, creating a small earthquake which opened up a crevasse in the ground in front of them. The crocodiles tail and back legs slipped into the crack, trapping it there.
Russell gave it one last punch in the face, but his fists were beginning to shrink. An average can of Beat Down only had an effect for about one minute, but it was long enough.
Do you give up? Russell shouted. Or do you want a Sludgehammer?
Leave the beast alone, me lover, the captain said. Cant ye see hes done?
The crocodile appeared to be nodding. One tooth had fallen out. Luckily it had about two hundred more.
Did Sniveller create you? Russell asked.
The crocodile nodded.
Are you here to keep out intruders?
The crocodile nodded again.
Does the captain have two feet? Marny asked.
The crocodile nodded.
Marny grinned. I guess it doesnt speak English.
Russell put his hands on his hips and cocked his head at the beast in the way a parent might look at a naughty child. Am I like, the most badass wrestler youve ever seen? Am I more badass than any wrestler in history, ever? Is my hair awesome? Do you wish you were me?
The crocodile nodded.
This dudes awesome, Russell said, grinning. Say, Mr. Croc. Do you think my biceps are pretty much the best biceps in the whole world? If you were a hot chick, would you get on your knees right now and worship me like a temple?
Boss! We have to go!
Oh, yeah. Sure thing. Russell turned to the crocodile. Okay, dude. Im a pretty forgiving man, except where Sniveller and the Sprite Squadron are concerned. If I let you out of here, are you going to try to eat us?
The crocodile nodded.
If he lets you out, are you going to run off down to the beach and swim like a little girl whos visiting the beach for the first time? Marny asked.
The crocodile nodded.
Marny shrugged. Fifty-fifty, Boss. Perhaps we should make the captain put his head in its mouth just to test.
Yonder lizard has bad breath! the captain shouted.
Live and let live, Marny, Russell said. He grabbed hold of the crocodiles head and pulled. At first the huge beast was stuck, but as Russell jerked him, he gradually came loose. A moment later the crocodile was standing on the ground in front of them.
Whats your name, bud?
Rocodile, the crocodile said.
Roco. Thats badass. Okay, Roco, do us a favour would you? Go down to the beach and watch out for Snivellers men. If we beat that punk off this island its yours. Ill order some hot chick female crocodiles off the internet and send them out here to keep you company. Six legs, bro. Thats awesome.
The crocodile nodded. For a moment it seemed to smile at Russell, then it turned and disappeared into the trees.
Right, Marny said. Now thats dealt with, how are we getting up this cliff?
That can of Beat Down has given me a bit of a kick, Russell said. Tie a bit of rope around my waist and then tie it to you and the captain. Well climb up together.
Twenty minutes later Russell was leading the way up the cliff face with Marny and Capn Nerv bouncing around below him like two boxes of cargo. After about twenty metres, the rock face angled out on itself, so that they were hanging upside down. The rock had also been smoothed out from years of water erosion, meaning Marny and the captain could find no handholds. Russell was only holding on because his Beat Down-induced sweat made him sticky like one of those Velcro balls you could buy in toy shops. In order to deal with the weight of two people hanging from him, he was lying flat against the rock like a lizard, moving very slowly, one inch at a time.
Finally, after what felt like forever, Russell climbed over a lip on to the cliff top. Below him, Marny and Capn Nerv bounced around in the air. To celebrate making it, Russell jumped up and down and danced a little jig, as well as playing a little air-guitar. Below him, he heard what sounded like someone being sick, but it was probably just the strange call of a bird native to the island.
Both Marny and the captain were ashen-faced when Russell hauled them up over the edge. Nice workout there, boys, Russell said. My pecs are feeling especially worked. Its a real shame my body lotion got washed away, because I could really do with an oil down. That bounder Sniveller has a lot to answer for.
Marny picked what looked like a piece of carrot out of his teeth. He glared in dismay at the far end of the cliff, where a gentle staircase had been cut into the rock, angling back down towards the beach from a lookout point which even had a coffee vending machine and one of those coin-operated telescopes.
There she is, me hearties, the captain said, pointing with his good hand. Yonder be our destination.
Chav! agreed Bert, alighting on his masters shoulder.
From the cliff top, a forest angled gently down into a valley for several hundred metres. In a clearing just beyond it was a huge factory, large cooling towers at its rear coughing steam up into the sky. Lights glittered in the night and they could hear the sound of machinery as Snivellers wickedness worked around the clock.
What time is it? Russell asked.
Marny looked at his little computer. Its about 3 a.m., Boss. Time for sleep, if you ask me.
Haha, boy, youre wrong! Russell shouted, playfully clipping his assistant around the head. Even such a light blow sent Marny stumbling forward, and he would have fallen off the cliff had the captain not put out his good hand and hauled him back. Its time to open up some Beat Down, Russell said. Special Sniveller formula.
Marny and the captain watched with dismay as Russell dashed off into the trees.
He always like this? Capn Nerv asked. A bundle of bloody energy?
Marny nodded wearily. Yup. Every day.
The captain shook his head. Damn. Takes half a barrel of schnapps before I start dancing like a tit.
#
Half an hour later they were crouched in a clump of undergrowth, watching a back door to Snivellers factory. From here all they could see was a grey wall with a checkpoint in front of it. There was no way to know what was going on inside.
There could be cameras, Marny said. We have to be careful.
I think thats a member of the Sprite Squadron in that checkpoint, Russell said. But which one?
Bert, the captain instructed, Go check it out, lad.
The bird flew off. They watched him dip and rise through the air, finally alighting on the top of the little checkpoint. They heard a distant, Chav, chav.
How is a bird going to tell us which member of the Sprite Squadron is in there? Marny asked.
Just ye watch the lad, the captain said with a wink.
They watched. They could just make out Bert sitting on top of the checkpoint in the early morning gloom. Bert shifted and ruffled his feathers, then he leaned back and opened his beak wide.
CHAV CHAV CHAV CHAV CHAV CHAV CHAV! he squawked at the top of his lungs. Even from a hundred feet away they had to put their hands over their ears.
Thats me sailor, Capn Nerv said with a smirk.
CHAV CHAV CHAV! CHAV CHAV CHAAAAV!
A man came rushing out of the checkpoint building. Get away from there, you damn turkey! he shouted, flapping his hands at Bert, who took his cue to leave and headed off for the nearby trees.
Ah, Purplebeard, Russell said, pointing. Look at that weasel. As always, envious of others.
Purplebeard was wearing a Kurt Sniveller T-shirt. It showed the one and only time Sniveller had ever beaten Russell, by default after Russell had gone to a hair salon on the way to the stadium and ended up late for the match and been disqualified as a result. There had been a special offer on hair extensions that Russell hadnt been able to resist.
I wont need any Beat Down for this, Russell said. Captain, make a show of yourself. Draw him over here. Marny, while I kick his saggy butt, secure the checkpoint.
What does that entail, Boss?
I dont know. Just hang out in it or something.
Got it.
Boss, dont forget, Purplebeard isnt actually a man! You dont hit women, remember?
Russell slapped a hand against his forehead. Ah, of course. I forgot. She might have had some hormone treatment, but she lacks the junk required to qualify her for a Beat Down.
Purplebeard had once been a Tomboy who delighted in beating up all her older brothers. After she ran away to the circus, she started to dress up as a boy and was so convincing that she passed the audition to join the travelling male ballerina troupe that eventually became the Sprite Squadron. Rumour had it that being an actual woman made her pretty convincing as a man pretending to dress up as a woman, as one might expect. Later, after refusing to fight female wrestlers, Purplebeard, whose real name was Penelope, had taken the necessary steps (and medication) to at least look like a man.
I have a plan, Russell said. While I cant actually punch her in the face, if something in the natural environment gives her a kicking thats okay. Get her over here, Captain.
Capn Nerv stood up and took a few steps out into the open. Hey you over there, chappy? Dont spose ye could help an old sailor find somewhere to drink an ale?
Purplebeard came running back out of the checkpoint building. Get away from there! he/she shouted. We dont want any homeless round here.
Come and catch me, said the captain, hobbling back towards the bushes. I bet me mothers way better looking than the sow that bred you.
You one-legged toad! Purplebeard dashed towards the captain. Capn Nerv reached the bushes just before Purplebeard caught him and dived inside, out of sight. Im coming in, old man! shouted Purplebeard, but just as he/she started to move, Russell leapt behind a nearby tree and pushed it over. The branches slammed down on top of Purplebeard and left him/her tangled up in it like a criminal caught in a fishing net.
Bert flew down into the mess of foliage and alighted on Purplebeards nose. Chav, the bird muttered, and took a big dump. Purplebeard tried to shake the bird off, but he/she was trapped and couldnt move. A little bit of white bird poo dribbled down towards Purplebeards mouth.
Dont be calling my bird a turkey! Capn Nerv shouted, hobbling off after Russell, who was running towards the checkpoint. Behind him, Purplebeard was frantically trying to twist him/herself free before the poo dropped over the cliff edge of his/her lips.
Inside, Marny pointed at a button that said DOOR CONTROL in big letters. This one opens the door, Id guess. Are we heading straight in?
Its still early, Russell said. A lot of them will still be asleep. We might have a better chance at surprising them.
Time is of the essence, me lovers, Capn Nerv pointed out. The schnapps has a sell-by date, you know.
Marny pressed the button. A sliding door about the size of a garage rose up, revealing a dimly lit corridor. They all hurried inside and Marny closed the door again using a control switch on the wall inside.
Which way? Russell asked. Its like a maze in here!
There was only one door leading off the corridor, and Marny opened it to discover a cleaning cupboard. I guess we go straight on, he said. Since thats the only option.
Sniveller, that bounder, Russell breathed. Trying to confuse us with such trickery. He should be ashamed of himself.
If hes drunk all me schnapps Ill ave e, the captain added.
Chav! agreed Bert.
They hurried off down the corridor with Marny in the lead. The way was well lit, and Marny was sure they were under surveillance somewhere. One of the Sprite Squadron could be watching their every move.
At the first corner, Marny peered round and saw a guard standing outside a pair of large double doors.
Is that one of those bounders? Russell asked.
No, just a regular guard.
All right. You sneak up to him and pretend to be lost. When his back is to us, Ill jump him. Russell squatted down and put both hands on Marnys shoulders. Listen, kid. Youve been a good assistant, and Id hate to lose you, but, if he starts shooting, think of the greater good of the mission, and primarily my survival. Create a human shield if you have to. Take his fire in order for the rest of us  and by us, I mostly mean me  to get away.
Marny nodded, concentrating mostly on not letting his knees buckle under the weight of Russells arms. Sure thing, Boss.
Thats my boy.
Marny stepped out into the corridor and walked up to the guard, who appeared to be dozing. Excuse me, sir? Which way is the, um, lavatory? I do believe I sense a loosening of my bowels.
The guard looked up. Huh? Who the hell are you?
Hurry, man! Marny shouted. Im one second away from soiling myself! These are expensive briefs, my mother will kill me!
Uh, sure thing, boy. Go left and theres one just up before you get to the next set of doors.
Marny started to walk away, then suddenly turned and squatted down. Oh, my! I do believe Ive broken the seal! Sir, please help me before I empty the tank into my pants! Oh, sweet love of Heaven!
The guard took a couple of steps towards Marny. Behind him, Marny saw Russell and Capn Nerv sneaking along the corridor. As the guard bent down, Russell jumped on top of him.
Partial Beat Down! Russell shouted, slamming the man into the floor. The guard grunted and lay still. Great work, lad. Russell clapped Marny on the shoulder. Now, lets get through this door.
Marny looked grim. Um, first I need to visit the bog, Boss. Im afraid I got too far into character and I can feel the turtles head.
He dashed off to do his business while Russell and Capn Nerv tied and gagged the guard. Lets see whats inside, Russell said. Personally I hope its a changing room. At the captains wrinkled nose, he added, No, I really do. I must look dreadful right now.
Lover, if I was a swinger. . . Capn Nerv said with a wink and a smirk.
Lets be thankful youre not.
Chav, chav!
Russell opened the door and peered inside. Oh my. . .
Lad, whats cookin?
Marny had returned from the toilet. He crowded in behind the captain as Russell stepped through the doorway.
I dont believe it, Boss. What are they doing?
Its devilry, thats what it is. That coven of caddish bounders.
All four of them stared. They were standing on a high walkway above a production line. Not only was such a thing unheard of these days, but it was producing something else unheard of: cars.
Cars had been out of production for years. Most of the ones that were left were slowly being broken down and recycled, but here, inside Snivellers factory, they were being churned out by the hundreds.
Well, shiver me cricket bat, Capn Nerv said. Whats e using to power these beauties?
Marny! Russell called.
Yes, Boss?
It appears the thermostat is turned up pretty high in here and Im starting to sweat. Could you do me a favour and sponge as much of this golden juice into a bottle for me? Well flog it on the internet later.
Marny stopped dead. No. . .
Russell turned around to look at him. Little assistant boy, he boomed. What seems to be the matter?
He wouldnt. . . Marny muttered, mostly to himself. He couldnt possibly . . . that sick, sick monster!
Aye lad, anyone lookin to ruin the environment all over again needs his pants pulled up sharply and tightly, the captain pointed out.
This isnt it! Marny shouted. This isnt what were looking for! A car without fuel is just a chunk of metal. Its where theyre getting the fuel that we need to concern ourselves with.
Russell gripped the metal railings and began to do some tri-crunches. Ah, I tighten up when I dont spend enough time in the gym, he told the captain.
Aye. I tighten up without me schnapps.
Marny pointed down at the factory floor. Look, guards! Weve been spotted! Run!
He dashed off along the walkway with Russell and the captain following after him. He reached a corner and turned, sprinting along the walkway as it wove in and out of the towering robotic machinery. He glanced back to make sure the others were following. Russell was doing his best constipated impression as he ran, while Capn Nerv was behind him, hobbling along while hurling abuse at the guards on the factory floor.
Hurry u
Marny looked round just as one of the Sprite Squadron dropped out of a trapdoor in the ceiling above them, landing on the walkway in front of him.
Youre cornered now, you do-gooding idiots! shouted Redbeard, in a girly, high-pitched voice. Redbeard had once caught his golden parts in a vice during a no-holds-barred match, and he had never been the same since. His name came from the fact that his face portrayed a permanent look of shame, embarrassment and anger. Plus, he had a red beard, which, unlike the others beards, was purported to be natural.
Marny did the first thing that came into his mind. He dived down between Redbeards legs, rolled on to his back as he slid forward, pointed his forefingers into a V and jabbed them up into Redbeards rear. The Sprite Squadron member screamed and jumped about a metre in the air. Russell, coming up behind, grabbed him by the shoulders and tossed him off the walkway.
Redbeard landed with a grunt on a moving conveyor belt. They watched with amusement as a robot began trying to attach a car headlight to his face.
No time for lying around, Russell shouted to Marny, taking the lead. He reached a door at the far end of the walkway and kicked it open. Capn Nerv hobbled after him as Marny pushed himself to his feet. 
Oh, my! I dont believe it! Marny heard Russell shout. What a terrible nightmare!
#
What Russell saw would have frightened any man. That Russell was borderline superhuman did not fully prepare him for what met his eyes in the big room adjacent to the car factory. It was a shocking sight  to Russell anyway, the kind of nightmare a boy always has about his nerdy older brother.
THEYVE CLONED GARY! he roared, pounding his fists against the door frame. Oh, those heathen bounders! Didnt they realise? Were they too stupid to realise that one was enough?
He sank to his knees, tears streaming down his face.
The door opened on to another walkway that surrounded a large number of clear glass cubicles. Russells first estimation was that there could be a hundred or more. In each of the cubicles sat a clone of Gary, a towel wrapped around his waist. The Garys were all sitting on plastic garden chairs, while pipes descending from the ceiling were strapped to each of their mouths.
Why couldnt you have cloned me, Sniveller? Russell pounded his fists on the ground. Why that idiot? Do you have no taste?
Whats e got going on in there, then? the captain asked.
Chav? inquired Bert.
Boss! Marny shouted. Pull yourself together, the world needs you! He couldnt clone you because youre too badass and would have opened up a can of Beat Down on him! He took Gary because hes an easy target and hes a pussy. However, I figured it out  Gary might be nothing compared to you, but he still has the same genetics! Hes your brother. Sniveller cloned Gary to get your DNA.
Looks pretty hot in yere, the captain pointed out. A lot of mist in them cubicles, but with no lasses in there Id say theres something fishy going on.
Of course, Boss! Marny shouted. I bet Snivellers going to use the sweat to make fuel for those cars.
Russell jumped to his feet. That bounder! Hes trying to use my genetics to destroy the environment, while making himself a ton of cash at the same time. His villainy has no end.
Evil is a path once taken never strayed from, the captain quoted. Ye said that.
I did?
Yeah, in the WWO Annual 2055. I got it for Christmas.
Oh. Well, we have to get the Garys out of there, he said. He flexed his huge biceps and punched one fist into the other palm. Ill have to punch through all those saunas and free them one by one.
The captain and I will go looking for the central control to turn it all off at the same time, Marny said.
Sounds like a plan, me lovers, the captain said, following Marny along the walkway to what looked like a control room at the far end.
Russell jumped down on to the floor and slammed a fist into the nearest wall of glass. It would have broken the hand of a normal man, but of course, Russell was far from normal. He reached inside, hating himself all the while for showing kindness to his idiot brother, and pulled the tube off the clones face.
Water sprayed everywhere. The tube had been employed to keep the clone hydrated while he sweated out a poor imitation of Russells legendary body juice.
The clone looked up at him, total contempt on his face. What do you want, meathead? Cant you see Im doing my math homework? Why dont you go along and play some more rugby with your teddy bears?
Russell forced himself to ignore the clone, whom he realised had been infused with hate from Russells childhood. Run to safety, Russell forced himself to say, moving on to the next.
Again he pounded through the glass and pulled the water tube off the clones face.
Stop disturbing me when Im playing Sudoku, the clone sneered. I dont care if your plastic tyrannosaurus just beat your brontosaurus in a fight.
Shut up, you idiot! Russell shouted, clapping hands over his ears.
Up on the walkway he saw Marny waving to him. Boss, dont listen to them. Its a self-defence mechanism!
On to the next. This time the Gary clone turned to him and said, Look, Russell, I dont care if your elephant toy with the pink t-shirt just broke the abseiling world record off the top of your wardrobe. Ive got a French grammar test in the morning.
Shut up! Russell screamed, falling to his knees, his hands over his ears. I cant take any more of this abuse!
Above him, Marny turned to Capn Nerv. We have to override the whole system. Sniveller must have tapped Garys memories to discover Russells one weakness  the dorky fantasies of his childhood.
Dont worry, me lad, the captain said. Im a pirate chav, hotwiring stuff is in me genes.
Using his cricket bat leg, Capn Nerv kicked through the door. A guard rushed towards them, but Nerv executed a vicious roundhouse kick that would have impressed Russell, and the guard fell to the floor, unconscious.
Now, wheres that control panel?
Here! Marny shouted. He rushed to the door and looked down. Russell had managed to smash through a couple more sauna walls, but the clones had surrounded him now as he knelt on the ground, defeated.
We know you think its an alien invader, they chanted in unison, but its actually just a stinging nettle.  And its a stick, not a lightsaber.
Shut up! Russell cried.
Why are you so lame? the clones intoned again. Dont you think its a bit sad to make up the names of people to beat on your miniature pool table just to pretend to be the world champion?
Marny turned back to the captain, who had the front of the console off and was fiddling with the wires inside. Quickly, Captain! Hurry!
The captain grunted and jabbed two frayed wires together. Aha! Thats got it! Outside there was a hiss as hundreds of sauna doors all opened at once. And this bleeder should short circuit the thermostat. . .
It worked!
Above them a sprinkler system had come on, raining cold water down on the sauna cubicles.
The Garys are out! Marny shouted. Quick, Captain. We have to save Boss. Theyre swamping him with bad childhood memories!
Down on the floor the army of towel-clad Garys had surrounded Russell, who was curled up on the floor like a baby with his hands pressed over his ears.
And do you remember that day I got straight As in my GCSEs and you showed Mother that mud pie youd made, and she said, Youre also clever.. Do you remember that, Russell? Wasnt that a great day?
Ahhhhh. . . Russell moaned.
Marny pointed. Captain! Look there! A pulley hook. Marny grabbed a rope that was hanging from the ceiling just a short way away. He passed it to Capn Nerv. Hold on to this, Captain, and lower me down. Ill grab Boss then you pull us back up.
Sure thing, me hearty lover!
Marny jumped across and caught hold of the hook with both hands. The captain lowered him down into the sea of semi-naked Garys. Boss! Marny shouted. Snap out of it! Theyre brainwashed clones, they cant hurt you!
He kicked out at several of the clones as they droned on about the memorial speeches Russell held whenever one of his plastic dinosaurs was shot during a back garden civil war. The clones ignored him as he descended in amongst them.
Russell was nearly unconscious. Pushing the nearest ones away, Marny hooked the pulley inside the hem of Russells wrestling shorts.
Lift, Captain!
They began to ascend, but just as they were about to clear the sea of clones, the Garys grabbed hold of Russells arms and legs, pulling them both back down.
Oh, no you dont, the clones droned in unison. We have to talk about the boxer shorts you knitted for your favourite teddy bear.
Captain! Marny screamed. Pull harder!
I cant, me beauty! the captain shouted. Those lads have got too many arms.
Suddenly Marny heard a squawking sound from just above his head. He looked up to see Bert swooping down toward the clones. The bird took up a violent, Chavchavchav! as he pecked and flapped at the Garys clutching hands. The pulley lurched as the captain gave it a huge tug, and then they were clear.
Oooohhh, a bird, the clones incanted.
When it was level with the walkway, Marny jumped off the pulley and then pulled Russells unconscious form towards him. With the captains help, they unhooked Russell and laid him on the ground. Below them, without any knowledge of what to do next, the clones shuffled about aimlessly, muttering to themselves. Bert came back and perched on Capn Nervs shoulder, muttering a tired, Chav. . . before ruffling his feathers and tucking his head under his wing.
Marny slapped Russell hard. Wake up, Boss!
Russell stirred. Huh? What happened? I was having this great dream. One of my teddies just scored this end to end try . . . oh, the clones! God, I remember now!
We have to shut this place down, Boss, Marny said. And to do that, we have to find Sniveller.
Where will we find him?
Marny reached into his rucksack and pulled out a can of Beat Down. He passed it to Russell. Use your X-ray vision, Boss.
Great idea. I actually thought of it myself, but I was too tired to say. Russell took the can and squeezed it in his huge hands until the top popped off. Then he guzzled it down.
Beat Down! he roared, jumping up in the air, his fists rapidly expanding.
Boss, no! Not the power, the X-ray vision! We only have one can left!
Russell landed on the walkway with a loud thud. Sorry, I just love being more macho than usual. Dont worry, Ill punch us to Sniveller!
Without waiting for a response, Russell dashed off to start punching his way through doors and walls. It really is impossible to beat the feeling of being utterly hard, he thought, pounding through the nearest door, finding a member of the Sprite Squadron  Greenbeard  standing right behind it and then watching him bounce back down the corridor, flattened against the door like a human-shaped pancake.
Marny and the captain hurried to catch up. Behind them, some of the clones had found a staircase up to the walkway, and were now shuffling along, muttering something about Russell holding tea parties for convalescing plastic soldiers.
Maid, Bert n me are dying here, Capn Nerv said. We need our schnapps. Perhaps while you and Beefcake Boy over there run off and find this Sniveller chap, Bert and I will head for the mess hall to cook us up a little feast fit for pirates and townies alike.
Maybe splitting up would be a good idea, Marny said. We still dont know what happened to all those sharks. They must be here somewhere.
Ahoy there, lover. Bert n the captain will keep our eyes peeled.
Marny hurried to keep up with Russell, who was punching his way through a wall into another corridor. Alarms were sounding all around them. Marny was amazed the whole island hadnt shown up.
Boss! Perhaps stealth would be a good policy?
Russell turned around and gave him a big grin. Stealth is for the weak, Marny, my lad. A real man announces his challenge. He sucked in his chest, pounded it with his enormous fists, and then bellowed, Sniveller! Where are you, you bounder? Come out and meet me in the ring! I have a Sludgehammer waiting for you!
#
Meanwhile, while guards flocked to capture Russell before he destroyed their whole factory, Capn Nerv and Bert headed downstairs undetected. They found an elevator and took it to the bottom floor, hoping to find a mess hall where they could stop for a late breakfast and ideally a couple of tankards of Kahlua Milk or some Malibu.
When the doors opened, however, they found themselves on the edge of a huge, underground lagoon. A towering domed ceiling rose above them, floodlights like miniature suns casting the lagoon with their glow, illuminating a huge ship that stood in the centre.
The captain recognized it as the whaling vessel that had appeared from the door beneath the chalet where Rip and his precious schnapps had disappeared. Now it was standing idle, apparently unmanned.
The captain noticed a huge coiled wire that protruded from the ships bow and led into a tunnel on the far side of the lagoon. Peering into the gloom he spotted a rising set of what looked like railway tracks.
Well, well, rattle me stumps, old boy, the captain exclaimed. It looks like an inclined plane lifts that old hulk up to the surface. He looked up at Bert, who was just waking up from a nap. And when it gets there, it steals old Capn Nervs wonderful schnapps, doesnt it, lover?
Chav, Bert agreed wholeheartedly.
So what shall we do, me old mucker?
Chav?
Thats right. Capn Nerv glared at the ship standing out in the lagoon. We sink the mother.
Despite only having one leg, Capn Nerv could actually swim pretty well, using the cricket bat as a kind of flipper. But just as he was about to jump into the water, he heard a familiar voice behind him.
No!
Rip? The captain turned to see the old former wrestler gripping the bars of a cell set back into the wall. Me old maid?
Captain! Look down!
The captain did so, and immediately took a step back. Just under the surface circled dozens of sharks.
You have to stop them! Rip shouted. Look at the clones!
The captain looked along the line of cells facing the lagoon. Rip was alone, but in all the others were dozens of Garys, all of which looked exhausted.
When theyre past their sell-by date they get fed to the sharks, Rip said. You have to stop them. You have to find the original Gary and stop Sniveller making clones.
The captain nodded. Sure thing. Lover, wheres me schnapps gone?
Sniveller took it up to his office.
Ah, that scoundrel. The captain hobbled over to Rip. He leaned down to inspect the lock, but shook his head. No chance, e needs the real key. Ye stay here. Leave this up to Bert and the captain.
Hurry!
The captain hobbled back over to the elevator. Which one do you think, Bert? the captain asked, peering at the list of floors. Just as he was about to choose one about halfway up, Bert jumped on to his hand and pecked at the top button, the one that said ROOF.
Chav, Bert said.
Capn Nerv smiled. Yes the boss, lad.
#
Upstairs, Russell and Marny were under attack. Pinkbeard and Bluebeard had both appeared. Pinkbeard was carrying a chainsaw, while Bluebeard had a set of num-chukkas. As Pinkbeard attacked, Russell executed the sort of backflip a gymnast would be proud of, attempting to leap back over Bluebeards head, leaving the two Sprite Squadron members fighting each other. However, the roof was lower than he had expected and he only managed to slam himself against it, falling stunned against the floor as the two former male ballerinas closed in.
It was Marny who saved him. Reaching into his rucksack, Marny grabbed a bottle of Russells body oil and threw it at Pinkbeards feet. It shattered, spraying sticky liquid everywhere. Pinkbeard slipped and fell on his butt, the chainsaw harmlessly cutting into the wall. Then, as Bluebeard rushed forward, Marny ducked low and head-butted him in the golden area. Bluebeard grunted, threw the num-chukkas and succeeded only in wrapping them around a rather irate Pinkbeards waist.
This way, Boss! Marny shouted, dragging a stunned Russell off the floor and through an open doorway. They were in a large conference room. Marny grabbed a chair and shoved it up under the door handle. However, rather than being exactly the right size as it would have been in a movie, the chair was way too short, and in any case the door handles were round, not the push-down type. Marny scowled and threw the chair away.
Oh, where am I? a dazed Russell exclaimed.
Hell, Marny replied. Or close enough.
Haha, Russell laughed. An open fire would be great for my tan. Particularly now that all the governments have destroyed the ozone layer, leaving my exposed skin open to harmful rays. I used to love sunbathing, before global warming and all that.
Those bounders, Marny muttered.
Bounders, indeed, Russell agreed. Now, lets find Sniveller.
The door burst open. Pinkbeard and Bluebeard had untangled themselves and came running at Russell and Marny. Pinkbeard, the most dangerous member of the Sprite Squadron because of the embarrassment of having a pink beard, looked fearsome, while Bluebeard, who always felt like he looked, wiped tears out of his eyes while trying to look menacing. Marny cowered down behind a row of chairs, but Russell dropped into a wrestlers crouch. His head had cleared after the bombardment of bad memories by the clones. It didnt matter that he might once have dressed toy rabbits up in dresses and held imaginary tea parties. He was ready for a rumble.
Russell T. Goode in full flow was a sight to behold. It was no real surprise he had won eleven Inter-Regional Championships and seven Olympic Power Wrestling medals. It was a little-known fact that he hadnt actually won the golds, although he sometimes told people he had. Russell came across as a massive egomaniac, but there was a certain level of humility in him. No, he hadnt won any Olympic gold medals. He had actually been so badass that the Olympic Committee had created a new medal especially for him. Therefore Russell was the possessor of the only seven Olympic platinum medals in existence, because his performances went beyond gold, but he didnt like to brag. Obviously, if anyone asked, hed be quite happy to give a blow by blow account of each win, but normal people couldnt generally comprehend that Russell had been so dominating in his sport that the only way he could possibly lose was if he beat himself. In each of the seven Olympics hed entered before retiring to give other people a chance, he had won both semi-finals and then spent each final rolling around on a mat on his own until the match timed out. The DVD highlights were a sight to behold, particularly the Greatest Power Wrestling Finals Collected Edition, which featured an hour and thirty-five minutes of Russell rolling back and forth like a kitten playing with a ball of yarn while an entire stadium looked on in awe.
Russell dropped and rolled, coming up in a star-shaped position. Both Pinkbeard and Bluebeard were caught unawares as Russells fingers closed over their foreheads. The easy move would have been to knock their heads together like coconuts, but Russell had bigger plans. He gave each of them a cheeky little slap, then rolled his hands over their faces, turning them around. He pulled both under his arms until he had them both in tight headlocks. Then, with a primal roar of dominance, he performed a forward somersault, hauling both members of the Sprite Squadron over and executing two perfect full-body slams.
Oh, yeah! he shouted. Whos the greatest? Whos number one? Russell . . . T . . . Goooooooode!
As a finishing move, he leapt up into the air and performed a twin elbow drop. Both former male ballerinas lay groaning on the ground.
Lets go, Marny, Russell shouted. We have a world to save!
Marny, still cringing at the thought of having Russells huge bulk following an elbow down on to his lower back, looked up and nodded. Sure thing, Boss. That door at the back should do.
They hurried through the door and found themselves in a thin corridor that gave the impression of being only for maintenance. They turned right and jogged along it until they came to a staircase.
Up or down, Boss?
Russell shrugged. Down will inevitably end up in water, and to be honest, Ive had enough of that stuff for the time being. However, up will likely lead to the roof, and short of looking at the view theres not a lot we could achieve up there.
Lets rock, scissors, paper for it, Marny said.
Russell grinned. Sure thing. One, two, three, go!
Marny stared at the C-shape Russell had made with his hand. What the hell is that, Boss?
Tigers claw. Beats everything.
Oh.
Yep.
So, um, which way do you want to go, Boss?
Oh, Russell said, I hadnt really thought about it. I guess it all comes down to which muscle group I need to work most. He flexed his muscles for a few seconds. Quads, I think. One can never work ones quads enough. Up it is.
Russell dashed off up the stairs. Marny, who was close to exhaustion, had been hoping he would choose down, but Russell rarely took the easy option in anything.
#
When the elevator opened, Capn Nerv and Bert found themselves in the lobby of a rather opulent penthouse suite. A reception desk waited in front of them, framed by a couple of elaborate tropical pot plants and backed by a large print of an alpine sunset. An obese man was sitting at the desk, his head down over some papers. He was wearing an off-pink jumpsuit.
Russell had talked through all the members of the Sprite Squadron during their journey. Once just normal male ballerinas (with the exception of Purplebeard, of course), after forming the Squadron they had begun to take on the personalities of their chosen beard colours. Pinkbeard was the most dangerous (you had to be while wearing pink), while Purplebeard, despite actually being a woman, was always being envious of someone, and was the second toughest. Redbeard, with his girly voice, almost seemed to be embarrassed about something. Greenbeard usually made a lot of mistakes, while Bluebeard couldnt take much pain and usually gave up easily. Yellowbeard, a natural coward, usually stayed behind the scenes. However, the mastermind of any Sprite Squadron assault in the wrestling ring had come from the most intelligent member, Mauvebeard. Mauvebeard, though, had struggled with the constant failure of all of his plans as well as the knowledge that mauve wasnt really considered a proper colour, and had taken to eating as a way out. Now, weighing in at something similar to the captains boat, Mauvebeard had turned to administration, and was, the captain concluded, likely to be the brains behind this whole operation.
Do you have an appointment? he grunted in a slobbery, piggy voice, without looking up.
The captain immediately assessed the situation. Sniveller was likely inside the suite, but more importantly, so was the schnapps. The captain needed to get close enough to eliminate this chump, then he could get to his booze. Once inebriated with cheap schnapps, hed be better placed to know what to do next.
Oh, hello me lovely, the captain said, in a high-pitched, girly voice. Your delightful manager invited me up to give him a good rub-a-dub down. Can I enter your sacred premises?
Is that so? Mauvebeard said, without looking up. Whats your name? Ill check on the appointment records.
The captain took a couple of steps forward. As he moved he flapped a hand at Bert, still perched on his shoulder. The bird reached over into the captains small rucksack and picked out a hand attachment with his beak. He passed it back to the captain, who slotted it into the fixture on his multi-functional stump.
An electric cattle prod. Nice choice, lad, the captain whispered. To Mauvebeard, he said, Um, my name is, um, Nervaline.
Mauvebeard ran a finger as large as a loaf of French bread down a list. Nervaline, Nervaline . . . nope, your names not on the list, youre not coming in.
Chav, chav! Bert screamed, as Capn Nerv leapt to the attack. Mauvebeard was quicker than anyone could have imagined though, leaping up out of his chair and holding his huge arms wide as his flabby stomach quivered like a factory load of petroleum jelly.
Come on, lover, lets light ye up! the captain shouted.
Smother attack! Mauvebeard screamed, and performed a nightmarish forward roll that sent him pouring towards Capn Nerv like an overturned barrel of melted lard.
Bert flapped to safety. The captain screamed in terror and tried to get out of the way, but it was too late, the wave of unpleasantness that was Mauvebeard washed over him. He jabbed his cattle prod into Mauvebeards huge, smelly butt again and again, feeling the jerks of electricity shudder through both of them, then everything went black.
#
Russell was first through the door on to the roof. He looked back to see Marny struggling along behind. Above him, a warm sun shone out of a clear sky. He was in a beautifully manicured rooftop garden, little shrubs arranged in neat lines around quaint patches of lawn. In the centre stood a little water feature, from which a fountain of spray arched up out of the outstretched hand of a stone statue of Kurt Sniveller.
Russell frowned. His enemy was near. Marny, quick, hurry up! Get my towel! Ive got just enough time to get some rays on my toned, rock-hard body before I Beat Down Sniveller!
A movement at the corner of his eye caused him to turn. On a slightly raised patio near the entrance to a glass-walled conservatory, someone had sat up from a deckchair to stare at him. A moment later a dog-eared antique car magazine was thrown aside, and Russells arch enemy stood up to face him.
Kurt Sniveller was perhaps seven feet tall and weighed three hundred and fifty pounds. His physique, muscular beyond his years, was due to copious amounts of steroids, while the thick beard that covered his face was there, Russell knew, to hide the scars of frequent plastic surgeries. Unlike Russell, of course, Sniveller had never been called attractive, so he had turned to doctors to enhance his ego. Of course, you could only polish a turd for so long before it started to fall apart, and Sniveller now hid his ugliness behind a bushy hedgehog of hair.
Kurt Sniveller, you bounder to end all bounders! Marny, pass me a can! Its time for some Beat Down!
Russell T. Goode! What are you doing here?
Ive come to do a bunch of things! Russell shouted. Turning to Marny, who had just struggled out of the door under the weight of all Russells bags, he whispered, Whats first?
Just say youre going to save the world, Boss, Marny gasped.
Im here to save the world! Russell shouted. This is over, Sniveller. Come and fight me!
Russell, unable to resist an acrobatics show, launched himself into a series of forward somersaults. Just a few feet from where Sniveller stood, though, he slammed into an invisible insect net.
You fool! Sniveller shouted.
Russell rolled over, the entire net that had protected the patio wrapping itself around him like a spiders suffocating web. He tried to break out, but the web had an unnatural strength that Russells huge arms had no effect on. He tried to bite into it, but it was stronger even than steel. It was like trying to bite himself 
It works! Sniveller roared triumphantly. My first test product using the clone residue! Bah ha ha ha! I made it to keep the damn crows off the shrubs, but Ive caught me a muscle man!
Russell looked in despair towards Marny. Run! he shouted. Marny disappeared through the door and Russell heard the rattle of his feet on the metal stairs. He looked back toward the conservatory, where a huge, bulbous shape had appeared. The glass door slid open and Russell recognized Mauvebeard.
Mr. Sniveller, Mauvebeard grunted, his voice wet like washing left soggy after a failed spin cycle. I caught another one.
He dragged a bound shape across the floor. It was Capn Nerv. The captains head lolled and he moaned drunkenly, as if hed finished off the rest of the schnapps in the lobby while waiting for an audience with Sniveller.
We surrender! Russell shouted. Now, theres no need to be a bounder, Sniveller. We can work this out. Why dont you just untie us and we can rock, scissors, paper for whether you win or not?
Bah ha ha ha! Sniveller shouted. Not a chance, you fool. You may have beaten me once  actually many times  but now Ive beaten you! He turned to Mauvebeard, a triumphant grin splitting his beard like a fallen tree in a thick forest. Call the Sprite Squadron together and take the captives down to the lagoon room. Well feed them all to the sharks!
#
From the other side of the door, Marny listened in horror. He had noisily run down the stairs for a couple of levels before sneaking back up. His loyalty wouldnt let him leave Russell, but he didnt know what else he could do. He heard Snivellers words and tried not to cry. He had to be strong for his boss.
When he heard the conservatory door close he pushed the door open an inch and peered through. The garden was empty. Lying flat on his stomach, he sneaked across to the conservatory door and past the ruined insect screen that had ensnared Russell. He peered through the glass into the suite, but it was empty. Sniveller and Mauvebeard had gone down to the basement with their captives.
Sensing that he might find something important inside, Marny tried the door, but it was locked. In frustration he punched the glass. He had no choice but to head down the back stairs to the basement, where he would no doubt be captured along with the rest of his friends and be fed to the sharks Sniveller had mentioned.
Just as he was about to turn away, he caught a glimpse of movement inside. He looked back to see Bert flapping across the room towards the window.
Bert, you escaped! Can you open the door?
The birds beak opened and closed, and Marny guessed he had cawed, Chav, but the glass was soundproof. A moment later, though, the birds beak closed over the handle on the inside and tugged it down. Marny jerked the door and it slid open. Good job! he said. Now, lets try to find a way to save Russell and the captain.
Inside, the suite was pure luxury. A Jacuzzi sat to one side in front of a huge whole-wall TV. To the other side was a set of comfortable leather sofas and a huge four-poster bed. Beside it was a stack of car magazines. On the wall above the bed was a huge framed poster of Sniveller holding Russell in a reverse headlock, with Russells head dangerously close to the bigger mans sweaty butt. Marny remembered that Russell had actually won the fight, but for a while they had played back and forth in scripted harmony before Russell had unleashed a brutal Bumstone. Judging by the poster, Sniveller was keen to cling to any small thread of glory for as long as he could. Its quite pitiful really, Marny thought.
Through a set of gold-plated doors, Bert had perched on a large control panel. He pecked at several of the switches. Marny rushed over to look.
Chav, chav, Bert pointed out.
One of the switches was labelled MAIN DOORS and was currently set to CLOSED. Well have that one for a start, Marny said, flicking it up.
OVERRIDE ALL DOOR LOCKING SYSTEMS said another. Marny flicked it up. Bert jumped up on to a monitor screen and pressed the ON switch with his beak. Immediately a closed circuit TV camera image appeared. It was of a huge indoor lagoon, in which dozens of sharks circled. Along the side was a line of cages. Inside some Marny could see hundreds of tired-looking Gary clones.
I dont believe it, he said. They must be feeding the weak clones to the sharks to make room for more. He searched around for a switch to open the cages, but could find none. It must be down in the basement, he said.
Bert tapped the monitor screen with his beak, activating a touch screen mechanism. The screen began to flick through various scenes from inside the factory. Marny saw the sauna room, where hundreds of Garys milled about aimlessly. Another view was of a laboratory, where a Gary which Marny was sure was the original was sitting in a comfortable-looking leather chair.  He appeared to be watching TV, while all around him were incubators and other enclosures which contained dozens of other Garys in various stages of growth. Some were sour-faced babies, others were bitter-faced infants, and a few were mean-faced teenagers.
My God, theyre growing them like weeds, Marny said.
Chav, Bert agreed solemnly, shaking his head.
The screen flicked again, to a room filled with hundreds of huge, open-topped tanks. A label at the bottom of the screen read RESIDUE CHAMBER. Wow, look at all that sweat, Marny said. Thats what theyre going to use to power all those cars. Its sickening.
For once, Bert said nothing. He just tapped his beak on a switch that read, RESIDUE CHAMBER OVERLOAD EMERGENCY EMPTYING PROCEEDURE.
Well give the entire island a Sludgehammer if we do that, Marny said.
Bert nodded, and tapped at the switch again.
Marny looked at his little feathered friend. Are you sure youre just a bird? he said. Youre incredibly good at sabotage.
Bert shook his head. Chav, he said, and Marny realised that made perfect sense.
Lets do it, he said, flicking the switch up. On the screen, huge pistons began to work up and down and the massive tanks slowly began to overturn, sloshing thousands of gallons of cloned sweat out on to the floor. Thats what I call a Beat Down, Marny said, just as the screen changed again, flicking back to the lagoon.
What he saw caused Marnys jaw to fall open in horror. Russell, still encased in the rubbery cocoon made of his own brothers sweat, was hanging from the roof above the circling sharks. Marny saw Russells best mate, Mart, underneath him, trying to drive the other sharks away, but it was no use. They were hungry. And there, at the side of the lagoon, Capn Nerv and Rip were standing by the edge with their hands tied behind their backs. Several members of the Sprite Squadron stood behind them.
We have to go! Marny shouted. We have to save them!
Bert flapped off, and for a moment Marny wondered where he was going. The bird flew through into Snivellers suite and alighted on a barrel standing on end in the corner.
What, Sniveller has the schnapps? Dont be silly, Bert, we dont have time for that.
Chavchavchavchavchav! Bert cawed. Chav, chav!
Something about the birds insistence struck a chord with Marny. Okay, he said. But I cant carry it, its too heavy.
Bert flew off, back through to the reception area, landing on the floor in front of an elevator.
Marny smiled. All right, lets go.
#
Downstairs, Russell struggled to free himself from the cocoon. Below him, Mart was desperately trying to hold off the other sharks.  Near crazy with starvation, they saw Russell as one huge hanging slab of meat.
I cant reason with them! Mart shouted. Ive tried, but they wont listen.
Well die together, Mart, Russell said. As brothers. The two most badass creatures on the planet.
But how badass are we if we cant save our friends? Mart said. We have to help them.
Over on the side of the lagoon, Sniveller stood alone. I wish to make a speech, he said. I wish to let the world  or at least those present  know that I, Kurt Sniveller, have finally achieved victory over my oldest of enemies. Very soon, Russell T. Goode will meet his end in the mires of my lagoon, and his idiot friends with him. Then, thanks to my cloning of his brother to make fuel, I will reintroduce cars to the world, make an absolute ton of money and my destiny will be complete. He raised his arms in the air, as if getting ready to signal an order, then frowned and looked down at his feet. Water was flowing out from under the elevator door. Huh, what the hell is that?
The elevator doors slid open. Marny, with Bert perched on his shoulder, stepped out of waist-high sweat as the liquid gushed forwards over Sniveller. The evil wrestler shouted out in revulsion and turned towards the Spite Squadron. Throw them in! he roared. Feed them all to the sharks!
Chav, chav! Bert cackled.
 Marny pushed the barrel of schnapps forward. It bounced over the water and hit Sniveller in the ankles. Mart! Marny shouted. Bite through the barrel! Its the only way!
Hes a genius, Russell said. He knows how strong that stuff is. He plans to get the sharks too drunk to eat anyone.
Mart grinned and gave him the best wink a shark could muster. You only hang around with geniuses, Russell, he said. Thats why you hang around with me. Then he turned, swam quickly through the other sharks and leapt up to take the barrel in his teeth.  He bit down hard, breaking it open, just as the Sprite Squadron pushed Rip and the captain into the water.
The sharks, being sharks, had never drunk alcohol before. As the captains potent schnapps dissipated through the water, they began to grow sluggish and slow. One of them snapped lethargically at Rip, succeeding only in biting through the rope that bound the old wrestlers hands. Kicking around in the water, Rip untied the captain and swam back to the side.
Come on, Captain, he said. Me and you have a date at the ballet.
Russell, meanwhile, was still struggling in his bonds. Marny! He shouted. Beat Down!
Marny reached into his bag and pulled out the last can of Beat Down. He tossed it through the air towards Russell, who caught it in his teeth. He bit down on the metal can and the fizzy liquid bubbled down into his mouth.
Oh, yeah! he shouted, feeling his fists expanding. Beat Down!
He burst out of the net that bound him, and danced across the backs of several drunken sharks toward Sniveller. His old enemy put up his hands in a fighting stance as Russell barrelled into him.
Over on the other side of the lagoon, Rip and Capn Nerv were laying into the Sprite Squadron. After a sound beating, they had locked Bluebeard, Greenbeard and Redbeard in one of the cages. As Yellowbeard closed in, Rip slammed a flying kick into the former male ballerinas face and the coward ran off crying. Purplebeard was watching Rips moves enviously and didnt see the captains flying cricket bat roundhouse until it slammed into the side of his/her head. Sorry, lass, the captain said, but us pirates believe in equal opportunities. Mauvebeard, meanwhile, was floating on the water, watching the drunken sharks with trepidation.
Give up! Pinkbeard roared, slamming a flying elbow drive into Rips face. The older wrestler, tiring now, fell back into the water again. Pinkbeard somersaulted at the captain, and caught him in a headlock. Its over, you chav pirate scum! the former male ballerina shouted.
With only one hand, the captain couldnt get a good enough grip to break the hold, and after a few seconds his face began to turn blue. Chav! screamed Bert, and flew into Pinkbeards face, pecking at his angry little eyes.
Get off me, you damn chicken! Pinkbeard shouted, and punched Bert as hard as he could.  With a squawk of pain, the jackdaw fell to the ground where he rolled over and lay still.
No! gasped the captain, but he was unable to move. He looked about to die, but Rip reached out of the water and wrenched Pinkbeards legs out from under him. The male ballerina slipped on the greasy sweat and crashed to the floor, knocking himself out.
Capn Nerv crawled to Berts still form and picked up the birds body, cradling it in his arms. Me hearty, no . . . he moaned, tears streaming down his face. Marny and Rip dragged Purplebeard and Pinkbeard to the nearest cage and snapped a big padlock on the doors. They looked around for the final two members. Yellowbeard was cowering in a distant corner like a little girl, while Mauvebeard was floating on the lagoon like a giant beach ball, creating much amusement for the drunken sharks. Nodding to each other in satisfaction, they went over to console the distraught captain.
Back in the main battle, Russell had just given Sniveller a painful clothesline. Give up, you bounder, he growled, picking his old enemy up by the legs and flipping him over his head. Its over.
Sniveller landed heavily, but jumped up and caught Russell with a flying kick. Never!
Russell stumbled backwards then did a forward roll, slamming a huge punch into Snivellers stomach. The bigger man coughed and bent double. Russell grabbed his head and lifted him upwards until Sniveller was hanging upside down, with his legs either side of Russells face.
Beat Down! Russell shouted, then fell to one knee, pretending to drop Sniveller on his big, ugly head.
Sniveller, being a trained wrestler, forgot that Russells knee had taken all the weight and that his hair had barely touched the ground.  Okay, I give up, he groaned, lying on the floor at Russells feet, pretending to be hurt so well that he actually believed it himself. He rubbed his forehead. Russell dragged him into a cage and pulled a bolt across.
Well, thats that all sewn up, he said, wiping his hands on his wrestling pants.
Rip and Marny were standing beside the sobbing captain. Mart, his head poking up out of the lagoon, also looked forlorn.
Whats the matter? Russell asked, walking over, his muscular body soaked with sweat.
My Bert, the captain sobbed. He sacrificed himself to save us.
Russell nodded.  He felt a feeling of serenity come over him, and somewhere he could hear the sound of a choir singing.  It might have been a CD one of the Sprite Squadron had left playing somewhere, but it still felt divine enough.  He held out his hands. Pass me the brave beasts corpse, he said.
The captain did so. Be kind to my boy, he said. He was the best companion a man could ever want.
Russell looked down at the still form of the bird. You served us well, Bert, he said. You served us well. Too well to let you go. He pressed the bird against his chest, holding him like a child might hold a security blanket. Dont give up, Bert, he said.
Look! Marny shouted. Look at Bert!
The birds feathers had begun to flutter. Soaked in Russells sweat, Bert had been hauled back, dragged out of death by a power arguably beyond even that of God. He opened his eyes and looked up at Russell. Chav? he asked, voice weak.
Me hearty! the captain shouted. Me lover! Oh, me grand feathery boy! How Im glad to see you again!
Chav . . . chav . . . chav, Bert muttered, allowing Russell to place him gently back on Capn Nervs shoulder.
Russell looked at Rip and Marny. Well, he said. I guess Ive saved the world again. Thanks, in part, to you boys of course.
Youre welcome, Boss, Marny said.
Rip, who looked exhausted, let out a big sigh and forced a grin. Really glad I didnt take early retirement when I had the chance, he said, with just a hint of sarcasm.
Boss, Marny said. Arent we forgetting one thing?
What lad? Would you like me to make a speech?
Your brother, Boss. Wheres Gary?
Russell grinned. Oh, dont worry about him, he said.
#
Russell pointed at the map. There, he said. Thats where well send them.
Gary, Indiana? Marny asked. I think its pronounced differently.
Who cares? Those bounders can put all four hundred and seven clones of Gary to good use. Perhaps theyll end up as a banking centre of America, the poor cads. He shrugged. Its a shame we cant send the original with them.
Having nearly forgotten to search for his own brother in the euphoria of defeating Sniveller, they had eventually found the real Gary watching TV in a little relaxation room on the floor below Snivellers penthouse suite. Apparently the vitriol with which he had regarded his more powerful brother had so impressed Sniveller that they were now officially mates. After a simple injection to extract enough blood to make clones from the DNA, Gary had been left to his own devices. He was not amused to be rescued and he thoroughly refused to be relocated to some town in America with his army of clones. Instead, he started a blog to complain about Russell and went back to working in the bank.
Marny nodded. I guess having a brother like him must make you feel even more awesome, he said.
Russell grinned and patted him on the shoulder. And what happened to the captain in the end? he asked.
Well, after we escaped from Snivellers island, it turned out that thanks to the sweat from the clones of your brother, the island had gone kind of crazy. All the plants and animals started to grow really big. Capn Nerv and Bert got employed as gamekeepers.
How wonderful.
And apparently Mart and some of his mates still use that underground lagoon as an illegal gambling den. Once you start drinking schnapps, bad things are sure to follow.
Russell nodded. I just wish Rip would stop being such a girl.
Yeah, me too. I guess when you get captured so easily, you feel the need to walk around dressed as a pansy.
Yeah, but that flower costume is a bit creepy.
Rumour has it hes planning a wrestling comeback.
Well, if he thinks hes tag-teaming with me, he has another thing coming. Im a solo star from now on.
Marny nodded. Good luck with that, Boss. In the meantime, I dont know about you, but Im beat. Im going to go get some shut-eye.
Russell rammed his fists together. Sure thing, little buddy. While you do that, Im going to go drink some Beat Down and pound some benches. You can never be rock hard enough when there are punks like Sniveller around.
Marny grinned, his eyes drooping. Sure thing, Boss. Goodnight. Ill see you at training tomorrow.
3 a.m. sharp!
Marny grimaced. Yeah, sure. . .

End



Beat Down!
Episode 2  The Heist

Available now

Russell, having only recently handed out a good Beat Down to Kurt Sniveller, returns home from a performance to find his prized vegetables have been stolen. All the evidence points to Sniveller, who has, of course, recently broken out of prison together with all of the Sprite Squadron.  Picking up a signal on the mysterious chicken radio, Russell and his friends must travel to Scotland to face Sniveller again. But what will they find beneath the waters of Loch Guess? And who is the man following them on a horse? Now with his girlfriend Belinda along for the ride, Russell, Marny and Rip must stand up against their old enemy. There they will meet some old friends and make some new ones, but most importantly open up numerous cans of Beat Down in their most exciting adventure yet.

