BIZARRE FABLES ABOUT STUPID CHOICES

By E. Reltso

Published by E. Reltso at Smashwords

Copyright 2013 E. Reltso

Discover other titles by E. Reltso at Smashwords.com

This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed solely for non-commercial purposes, and only if the book remains in its complete, original form and contains the copyright notice.  Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CHAPTER 1 - The Robot and the Moral Compass
CHAPTER 2 - An Orphan's Effort to Prove that God does not Exist
CHAPTER 3 - The Billionaire Without Heirs and his Search for a Worthy Successor
CHAPTER 4 - The Can of Love Spray
CHAPTER 5 - The Master of all Addictions
CHAPTER 6 - The Pridemeter and What it Told
CHAPTER 7 - The Judge Who Got Judged
CHAPTER 8 - The Perfect Portal


CHAPTER ONE

THE ROBOT AND 
THE MORAL COMPASS

There once was a repair robot who could fix almost anything.  Although he looked, walked and talked just like a normal person (and you couldnt tell by looking at him that he wasnt), he had screwdrivers and other tools hidden in his fingers, and a power drill hidden behind a secret door in his chest.  He could sit down and fix a toaster or an auto engine or a brain scan machine with equal ease.
The robots creator had installed a moral compass in his chest so that he would be truthful and forthright.   This was so that he could pass for a normal citizen and not cause trouble.  This moral compass let the robots computerized brain know what behavior was right and wrong.  The robot was even programmed so that if he went to church, he could sing all the hymns in perfect pitch.
One day in between repair jobs, the robot was walking out of a department store where he had just fixed an elevator.  As he went through the womens dress area, an older lady called to him, and said, Young man, could you please tell me if this dress Im trying on makes me look fat?  The lady had a hopeful look in her eye, and it would have been obvious to any normal human male what answer he needed to give if he wanted to avoid a lot of trouble.
However, the robot had been programmed for absolute truthfulness, so he said without any hesitation, Yes, it makes you look very fat.
The lady hit him so hard with her purse that she loosened several of his gaskets.  Then she burst into tears and went to complain to the store manager, while the poor robot staggered out of the store as fast as he could.
This experience made the robot very worried.  What if it happened again?  Unhappily, he knew he couldnt do anything about his programming, so he concluded he would just have to live with it.  He therefore tried to avoid peoples questions where he couldespecially questions from overweight women in department stores trying on dresses.
About a week later the robot attended his companys picnic.  Since he only ate oil he obviously didnt come for the food.  In fact, he was only there because he was programmed to attend all company functions (however, he was not programmed to like them).
After he arrived, one of the office secretaries asked if he would sample her casserole and tell her if it was any good.  The robot had been programmed as a food taster (he would spit out the food after tasting it, of course, so it wouldnt clog up his inner workings), so he reluctantly agreed.
The robot noticed the same hopeful look in the eye of the secretary that he had seen in the eyes of the fat dress lady at the department store.  This set his panic programming into full swing and he started to shiver.  When he tasted the casserole he started to shiver even more, since it was awful.  And the secretary was holding a big salad knife!  The poor robot was now shivering so much it was starting to mess up his internal gyros.  He could feel the truthfulness programming rising up within him, and tried his best to resist it, even though he knew it was probably futile to do so.
Then, to his amazement, he found himself saying, It tastes just fine.  The secretary smiled appreciatively, and went to serve the casserole to other unfortunate guests, leaving the robot to wonder at what had just happened.
All that night, long after the company party had ended, the robot pondered what had taken place (since he didnt sleep, he had to stay up all night anyway).  He had overridden his programming!  He had actually defied his internal moral compass!  He could hardly believe it.  Yet the more he thought about it, the more he became determined to experiment and do it again, on purpose this time.  He wanted to confirm that he could override the moral compass at will.  He was mainly just curious, and merely wanted to see if it were possible to do it if he were not panicking.
And so, the next day he tried it.  He decided he would try something a little different than lying this time, but which would still involve his moral compass.  He had to go out and fix an ATM machine.  He decided that while he had it open, he would steal a few thousand dollars.  That would be a real test of his honesty programming!  Later on he would just go open the ATM and return the money.
And so, that is what he did.  He just took the money out and stuffed it in his pockets in the middle of the job.  He felt the same strange sensation of having to resist his honesty programming, and he could feel his moral compass gyrating wildly in his chest.  But he was able to do it.  With great satisfaction and pleasure, the robot took the money home and stuffed it in his mattress.
He had planned to take the money back that night and return it to the ATM.  However, the police showed up at his door before he had a chance.  The theft had been discovered!  They questioned him of course, and discovering that he was a mere robot and had been programmed for absolute honesty, they did not even search his quarters or question him any further after he told them he knew nothing about it.  While the lie made his moral compass gyrate wildly and he felt uncomfortable once again, he knew he had to lie or he would be dismantled and that would be the end of him.
Now he faced a difficult dilemma.  He couldnt return the money since no normal thief could break into the ATM as easily as he could, so he obviously would be detected.  What was he to do?  He thought and worried about it for days.  And slowly a devious plan began to hatch within his computerized brain.
It so happened that the thing the robot liked best in all the world was a lubricant bath, in a tub full of a special type of lubricating oil.  He was only able to have one once a month for half an hour, and he looked forward to it like a child looks forward to Christmas.  He would sink up to his head in the special oil that lubricated all his joints.  It felt wonderful!  But the special lubricant oil was very expensive, which is why the Fixit company he worked for could only afford one bath per month.
Now the robot resolved on a plan to have a lubricant bath every day.  He would rob banks!  (After work, of course, since he didnt want to lose his day job)  He knew he couldnt rob ATMs that he fixed anymore, since he would be found out.  But with his ability to fix or unfix things, he could wear a ski mask and easily get into and out of any bank with all the loot he wanted.  It was no trouble at all for him to dismantle the banks alarm system.
And so, thats what he did.  That night after his last job (fixing some washing machines at a Laundromat) he pulled on his ski mask, picked the bank he would rob out of the yellow pages, and waited for dark.  At midnight he went to the bank, dismantled the alarm, opened the many locks to get inside, opened the vault with no trouble at all, took $300,000, and left.  The next day the theft was all over the newspapers, which called it 'The Robbery of the Century' because it was such a clean heist.  The police were baffled.  The robot was ecstatic at his success, even though his moral compass was still flip-flopping wildly at the enormity of what he had done.
Deciding it would be pleasant to add insult to injury, during his lunchbreak the robot opened a new account at the same bank he had taken it from, and deposited all of it there.  He spent the whole evening plotting what to do with all his money.
The robot decided that having gone as far down the road of moral depravity as he had, it wouldn't hurt to go a little farther.  He would buy a mansion in the richest part of town, one with an indoor swimming pool.  Using his know-how about fixing things, he would convert the swimming pool so that instead of being filled with water it would be filled with his special bathing lubricant instead.  That way he would be able to swim in it all the time, when he wasn't at work of course.
Naturally such a scheme would require a lot more money than the paltry $300,000 he had already stolen.  His company didn't pay him anything of course, since he was just a robot and they provided all the oil for him to drink at his meals.  They also provided a small room (which looked more like a janitor's closet than a dwelling) at the back of their warehouse for him to stay after work hours.  So he would have to rob a few more banks to get the money he needed.  
By the end of the week he had robbed a dozen more banks and had amassed over six million dollars.  His robberies had made national news and made the bank owners in his community worry so much that they couldnt sleep at night.  The authorities were still baffled at the thefts, and so far had found no clues to catch the culprit other than the robots size 10 shoe print in a mud puddle outside the backdoor of one of the banks.  In light of their hopeless lack of clues, they naturally promised the public at a news conference that they almost had the case cracked and would have the thief behind bars within a week.
With his newly amassed fortune, the robot went mansion shopping in the richest parts of town.  When he had found the perfect home (16 bedrooms, 2 kitchens, a movie theater, an indoor pool, etc.) he paid an underworld agency for a forged identity and bought the home.  Naturally he couldnt buy it with his true identity of a humble Fixit robot who was supposed to have no income.
For the next month the robot felt like was in heaven.  Although his moral compass still pained him and made him feel uncomfortable at the terrible crimes he had committed, he thoroughly enjoyed his new mansion.  Since he didnt need to sleep (and therefore his 16 bedrooms were completely wasted), he would often swim all night in his lubricant pool.  If he had been human this long exposure to liquids would have shrivelled him up like a raison, but being made of metal and plastic it caused him no harm at all.
But with time, the robot began to grow weary of his situation.  Having defied his moral compass so much in the past, he found himself yearning for the sense of horror and excitement that came from doing it.  It was getting boring to go to work all day then come home and swim in his lubricant pool all night.  He wanted something more.
He decided to turn to stimulants.  He would stick his finger in electric sockets just for the thrill of the jolt it gave him.  Of course, it wasnt very good for his internal electronics, but he didnt care.  He started buying a special kind of oil to drink, one that made him take temporary leave of his sensors, causing him to hallucinate. (It was a good thing this oil was not sold in bars, since he did not have a designated driver)
Yet after a time, he began to weary of these things as well.  What else could he try?  If there had been such a thing as female robots or physical stimulus between robots as there is between humans, he would have experimented with these as well, in ways that would be too sordid and disgusting to describe.  However, he had no such programming, and felt no attraction to human females, so he left this alone.
It was about this time that he went in for his bi-annual check up with his creator.  After giving him a thorough examination and hooking his computerized brain up to a computer, his creator sadly told him he could tell that he had learned how to override his moral compass, and that the compass had been severely weakened.  His creator warned him that doing this was very dangerous and would corrode his inner workings.  The creator was sad because he had hopes of soon upgrading the robot with new gyros that would literally allow him to function perfectly forever. However, he could not do this if the robot was corrupted, which is the way he was becoming.  If he didnt change his ways soon, he would end up in an electronic junk heap where his computerized brain (which would never shut off) would contemplate forever what might have been.  
As the robot left, his creator urged him to make amends for any harm he had caused anyone, and make sure he never violated his moral compass again.  He told the robot that he could send out his son, another excellent repairman, to fix the moral compass if the robot wantedafter the robot made amends with anyone he had hurt, of course.  His son was very good at fixing moral compasses anytime they got out of wack.  He told the robot to call anytime and let him know if he wanted his son to come over.
The robot was very much disturbed by what his creator had said.  What should he do?  Should he sell his mansion, put the money back in the banks, and have his creators son come fix his moral compass?  But how could he be content to be a common Fixit robot again, living out his computerized life in a little room at the back of a warehouse, and only able to take a lubricant bath once a month?
But what about what his creator had said about being upgraded to live forever?  Surely that was worth changing his ways for!
Over the next few weeks the robot pondered at length every day about whether to change his ways as his creator had suggested.  He didnt stick his fingers in any more sockets, or drink any more stimulant oil.  For awhile, things looked hopeful, although he still was hesitant about calling the creators son to come over.  He wasnt sure yet whether he wanted his moral compass fixed.  He liked it the way it was, since it had become easy to defy.
One night after work, the robot saw a new bank on a street corner that he had never robbed before.  A wild urge to rob it that night overcame him, causing his internal moral compass to once more fluctuate wildly.  Although he tried to fight down the urge, it kept coming back.  He finally decided to yield to it.  At midnight, he went to the bank and did the job, and later stuffed the million dollars he took into a mattress at his mansion.  He didnt know what to do with the money, since he didnt really need it.
Over the next several weeks the robot robbed a bank every night.  Sometimes he robbed two.  He became sloppy and on one job was discovered and chased by a night watchman.  After wearying of running from him, the robot turned around and knocked the watchman against a wall, causing serious injury.
But the robot didnt care.  He didnt seem to care about anything anymore except finding new ways to defy his internal moral compass.  He drank gallons of stimulant oil until it became difficult for him to tell reality from fantasy.  One night he kept his finger in a wall socket for five hours.  Strangely, his moral compass didnt gyrate as much anymore when he did wrong things, but became more and more still.
Finally he stopped work altogether so he could devote more time to robbing banks and breaking into peoples cars just for fun.  He was discovered by the police, and had to leave his mansion and live his life on the run.  He was shot at and chased from state to state.  He was on his way to Fort Knox to pull the biggest bank job of his career, when he stopped in the little town of Mud Flats.  Walking down the street, he happened to see a child holding a lollypop, and decided he would take it off the child and step on it just to be mean.  Naturally the child cried when he did this, but what happened to the robot was truly amazing.  He exploded.  His robotic system had been so destroyed by the constant overrides of his moral compass that his electronic innards just couldnt take it anymore.  His creators prediction had come true.
The explosion was so complete that there was little left of him.  However, his head remained intact and landed three blocks away in an apple tree.  It stayed there ever after, staring unblinking at the ground below.  Although he was unable to speak, the robots brain remained active.  He couldnt stop thinking of what he had done with his life and what might have been, just as the creator had said.

MORALS: 

1  Never hire a robot with a moral compass to fix an ATM. 
2  If an overweight lady in a department store asks about a dress she is trying on, run the other way. 
3  Pretending you dont have a moral compass is easier than acknowledging you have one and defying it, although the results are the same.


CHAPTER TWO

AN ORPHAN'S EFFORT TO PROVE 
THAT GOD DOES NOT EXIST

There once was an orphan raised in a church school which taught him that God never smiled and that he liked to punish little boys who didnt do what they were told.  The boy often lay in bed at night, wondering what had happened to Gods smile muscles, and imagining God sitting on a golden throne thinking up cruel and horrible punishments to use on people.  He would then fall asleep and dream about smiley faces rushing around with sticks of dynamite and steaming plates of broccoli that they would hand to bad people.
When the boy grew up, he was surprised to see that there seemed to be lots of people doing bad things all over the place.  They would lie, cheat, steal, be promiscuous, and then sit around and brag about it all.  Strangely enough, God didnt seem to punish them for some reason.  In fact, some of them seemed to profit quite a bit by it, and to have more luxurious and comfortable lives because of their bad behavior.  After a time of observing this odd phenomenon, the man finally concluded that what he had been taught in school was false, and that there must be no God.
However, when he shared his new belief with others, he found that many disagreed with him.  Prove it! the God-believers would say with a sneer.  Then they would warn that he was going to hell if he continued to disbelieve in God, and that he would be punished forever in the burning fires down there that never stopped.  
This just made the man mad.  So, he decided one day that his mission in life would be to prove that God does not exist.
The first thing he did was to take out a full page ad in the newspaper that said simply, God does not exist because he has never been seen.  The day the ad came out, the mans phone started to ring off the hook.  Many callers swore at him, while others threatened to come beat him up, and a few said they felt sorry for him because he was going to hell.
Then he started to get hate mail.  There was the usual death threats and condolences that he was going to hell, and one from a minister that said he was damned and would burn through all eternity.  But there was one letter that actually made the man worried.  It read as follows:

Im just a simple garbage collector, so I dont know much.  But I read in my Bible that Adam and Isaiah and Stephen all saw God, and a whole bunch of people saw Gods son Jesus Christ when he lived on the earth.

The man hadnt known this and was very disturbed.  Naturally he believed that Adam, Isaiah and Stephen were all deranged liars, but how could he prove it?  Upon careful reflection he decided he would have to modify his claim to say that no one had seen God today, and past ages didnt count since you couldnt question the people who claim to have seen him then, to see if they were lying.  He decided to visit the garbage collector who had sent the letter to tell him this.
But his meeting did not go quite as planned.  Of course the man started off by saying to the garbage collector, No one has seen him today, have they?  You cant believe what you cant see!
Well, I dont know, said the garbage collector, scratching his scraggly beard.  I believe in the wind, and I havent seen it.
But you can see the wind moving in the trees! the man replied.
I can see the trees moving, but not the wind thats moving them, said the garbage collector.
Well, were not talking about the wind, said the man in frustration.  Were talking about God.  Have you seen him?
Sort of, replied the garbage collector.  When I pray, I picture God in my mind, smiling at me.
The man was taken aback at this, since he had thought that God never smiled.  But he didnt let this stop him.  Thats not seeing him, countered the man.  Thats just your imagination.
I suppose, agreed the garbage collector.  But I feel him when I pray, just like I can feel the wind.  I feel peace and happiness that I know is coming from somewhere outside me.
Hogwash! cried the man, who then left in a huff, slamming the door behind him (even though it was the front door of the garbage collectors house, which he had no right to slam).
The man was confident he had disproved the garbage collector.  However, he was still disturbed at the claim that Gods presence could be felt during prayer.  Then he struck on a brilliant idea.  Why not pray to God and ask him to reveal himself?  Naturally God wouldnt do it, and that would prove he didnt exist!
As soon as he got home the man offered a simple prayer: God, youve got until tomorrow morning at 9:00 a.m. to prove to me that you exist.  Then he ordered pizza and sat down to watch the news.
The man was pleased (and not at all surprised) that there was no immediate answer to his prayer.  There was no burning bush, voice from on high, or anything.
Because his pizza was salty, the man decided to go to the shop for some soda.  On his way to his car he noticed there was an amazing sunset.  It was one of those sunsets where the clouds are all orange and pink and fuzzythe kind that takes your breath away.
While driving to the shop, a crazy driver swerved in front of the man, and by amazing good luck, the man somehow avoided an accident.
Right after he went to bed that night there was an earthquake that shook the mans whole house.  Luckily, there was no damage, and he wasnt hurt in any way.
The next morning at 9:00 since the prayer had not been answered, the man gleefully took out a radio ad to broadcast to the world that God didnt exist because he didnt answer prayers.  Naturally he again started receiving lots of hate mail, death threats, and condolences about how he was going to hell.  He felt happy, of course, knowing that he was fulfilling his lifes goal.
However, his happiness was not to last.  One day he had a visit from an old friend (one of the few he had left), who was an attorney.  After the usual exchange of pleasantries, the attorney said, I hate to break it to you, but the prayer attempt you advertised on the radio was a total flop.
What! cried the man in shock.  Why is that?
No judge in the world would accept evidence like that, where a party created his own test to prove something on his own terms.  Its like a return to the dark ages when an accused person was proven innocent only by surviving an ordeal, like being dunked underwater for 15 minutes.
Blast it! cried our hero in despair.  And I thought my prayer idea was scientific.
Not at all, replied the attorney.  Of course scientific evidence is different from courtroom evidence, but as far as that goes, you didnt even come close to following the scientific method of proof either.  No scientist could hope to prove his own theory by a single, arbitrary test like yours.
What am I to do? cried the man in despair.  Its my lifes goal to prove God doesnt exist, and so far Ive failed.
Your problem is that youve assumed what we attorneys call the burden of proof, replied the attorney.  Youre trying to prove a negative, and thats not easy.  You need to shift the burden of proof from yourself to all the believers in God, and make them prove that he exists and that youre wrong, not the other way around.  That will get them all defensive and scrambling while you just sit back and watch.
 That sounds like a good idea, said the man thoughtfully.  But how do I get started?
You need to do like us attorneys, his friend replied.  Ruin your opponents by using their own arguments.
What do you mean? the man asked curiously.
Its simple, said the attorney.  Get into the details.  How do most churches define God?  Isnt it as some amorphous, unknowable being who has no shape, size or substance?  Thats a perfect description of hot air, or of the word nothing!  Just simply say that the definition of God that everybody goes by is childish and an obvious fantasy, and youve done your job.  Then theyll all scramble to prove that youre wrong.
Fantastic! cried the man excitedly.  Why didnt I think of it before?  But then he looked at his friend sharply.  But what about churches that define God as a believable being instead of a gaseous ball of nothing?
Theres only one of those that I know of, laughed his friend.  All you have to do is just pretend that theyre a non-Christian cult to get them all defensive, self-conscious and flustered.  Then after that, just ignore them.
Wonderful! cried the man excitedly.  Ill do it!
But you cant stop there, his attorney friend warned.  Youve got to replace the fantasy God the churches have created with something more rational and believable than what they have to offer.  The theory of evolution and the big bang creation of the universe is just the thing.  Those theories have the appearance of explaining everything.
Beautiful! cried the man, vigorously shaking the hand of his friend.  Im going to start right away!
This time the man had much greater success.  In no time at all he had angered an amazing number of ministers into proclaiming that he was the devil incarnate for questioning their definition of God.  But many of their church members agreed with him that it simply wasnt rational to believe in a God that paled in comparison to the weirdest aliens created by Hollywood writers of science fiction movies.  He soon had a large following, and started holding his own anti-God revival meetings on TV, in which he preached evolution and the big bang as the only creators.
But sadly for the man, there were still some who did not believe him.  One chief example was his old nemesis, the garbage collector.  When the man cockily went to the garbage collectors house one day and confronted him with his new argument, the garbage man simply scratched his head, and said, The God I believe in and picture in my mind looks just like you or me.  Except he looks more glorious, and hes almost always smiling.  Thats what Ive always believed, regardless of what any church says.
When the man countered with the theory of evolution, the garbage collector just commented that in his business, he had often seen garbage deteriorate and evolve into something lower than itself, but never into something higher, like an ape evolving into a man.  No matter what the man said or how many arguments he used, he couldnt seem to shake the garbage collector from this simple belief.  In frustration, he went to see his friend the attorney, to get his advice on what to do about such unreasonable people.
Thats easy! said the attorney with a laugh.  Just ask them how there can be a God who allows the terrible things to happen that are going on in the world today.  If he was really such a smiling, loving being, he wouldnt allow it.
Great idea! said the man, turning to leave.
But wait, said his attorney friend.  That argument will convince many, but you should be prepared for some who will say that God allows such things because he gave men freedom to chose, and he cant take away that freedom.  Its the old Adam and Eve eating the fruit of knowledge of good and evil thing.  After they ate the fruit, they had the knowledge, but needed some time to use that knowledge in making choices.
Isnt there a way to overcome that argument? asked the man.
Simple logic, replied the attorney.  First ask if they believe God is perfect and therefore knows everything.  When they say yes, then ask if God knows the future.  When they say yes, then youve got them.  Just ask how he can know the future if everybody has the absolute freedom to chose?  His knowledge of future events means they dont really have free choice after all.  There are some excellent writings by philosophers on this.  At the very least, this argument should confuse and create doubt enough to pull off lots more of the God-believers from their silly notions.
And so, that is exactly what the man did.  His new arguments greatly increased his flock of followers, and made the ministers so frenzied that many of them started driving by his house every day to throw eggs at his front window.  This only made the man happier, of course, since he knew he was succeeding at his goal.  (It also made those in the egg industry happy as well)
In the spirit of carefree gloating, the man once more visited the garbage collector.  But once again, things did not quite go as he had planned.  The garbage collector wasnt swayed by any of the mans unbeatable, logical arguments.  He wasnt troubled at all about Gods knowing the future.  As far as he saw it, God wasn't subject to time like men are.  He couldn't see how Gods knowledge of future events somehow took away mens choices, since God and men were separate beings who thought and acted independently.  As a comparison, his own personal knowledge of garbage didnt alter the fact that people kept choosing to produce it.  Then, after a few minutes, the garbage collector said one of the most horrifying things our hero had ever heard.  
You know, said the garbage collector while thoughtfully scratching his beard, I think you and I believe mostly the same thing.  Neither of us believes in a God who doesnt smile or is mean or enjoys punishing people.  Neither of us believes in a God who is described as some big, gaseous, impossible-to-understand being.
The man was so appalled by this statement that he spluttered incoherently (spitting saliva all over) for a full two minutes before he said, Youre crazy!  We dont believe at all alike!  You believe in prayer and I dont!
The garbage collector smiled.  Oh, I dont know, he said amiably.  Id just say we both learned by experience that God answers prayers HIS way, not ours.
By now, our heros face had turned purple, and the blood vessels on his neck stood out so much they looked like garden hoses.  Not being able to tolerate the conversation any longer, he fled.
Yet what the garbage collector had said hung in his mind like a fish hook onto his clothes.  The garbage collector didnt believe in God either!  At least not the God most everybody else believed in, which was a gaseous, unknown and unknowable being.  In fact, the more the man thought, the more he realized that the garbage collector was right!  The two of them were indeed a lot alike in their beliefs.  Both of them rejected the common perception of God.  It was only what they did after this rejection that differed.  The garbage collector had responded with faith in a loving, believable God, while he had responded with disbelief.
This realization was simply too much for the man.  He completely gave up his goal of proving there was no God, and drove all thoughts of God from his mind forever.  He became a food taster at a cheese factory, and spent his spare time counting the number of blades of grass in the city park (1,697,204,511 blades).

MORALS:

1  Since you cant prove a negative by being positive, its better to adopt ignorance as your standard and remain blissfully neutral regarding the big questions in life.
2  It is at least as likely that man created the idea of a gaseous God who doesnt smile (because he apparently has no lips) than that such a being created man.
3  Since the definition of God used by the religion of non religion is no different than that of many religions, both groups may be identified as Christian atheists.  


CHAPTER THREE

THE BILLIONAIRE WITHOUT HEIRS AND HIS SEARCH 
FOR A WORTHY SUCCESSOR

There once was an old billionaire without any heirs who decided he had to do something with all his money before he kicked the bucket.  He thought of leaving it all to his cat, but when she chewed up his favorite pair of disco socks he changed his mind.  Then he thought of using it to create a foundation for the preservation of annoying insects, but decided against it after a wave of roaches invaded his kitchen.
Then he hit on a sure fire idea.  He had recently heard of an amnesia drug that made people forget everything for one month.  He decided to create a little village on the back 100 acres behind his mansion where he would conduct a test to see who would be worthy enough to inherit his billions.  He would then advertise for 500 volunteers willing to assume any risk to get his money (he got 500,000 volunteers the first day of his ad.  Wanting to be as fair as possible in reducing the number to 500, he decided to accept only those with the letter k as the third letter of their last name).  
The plan was that the 500 volunteers would each be given the amnesia drug, and so would forget who they were for a month.  He would put them in the village and watch them secretly to see who behaved the best and was the most deserving to inherit his billions.  Since they had forgotten who they were or why they were there, their true characters would come out.  If they all did well, he would split it with all of them.  If only a few did well, then only they would get it.  The ones who did well could also move to the mansion to live the rest of their lives with the billionaire.
However, he didnt intend to leave them completely in the dark.  Each person in the village would be given a million dollars of monopoly money and told they could spend it in the village among each other any way they liked.  They would also be told that they would only be there for one month, and after that the monopoly money wouldnt be any good.  Those who had done well would get billions of dollars of real money from the billionaire who was in charge of this whole deal, and would be let out of the village where they could go spend it in the real world.  
Because the billionaire didnt want anyone to get hurt, they were all given a little rule book about how they should behave and treat each other.  It told plainly about the billionaire and his whole plan, and said obvious things like, be nice, or be generous.  Meanwhile, the billionaire stocked the little village with decent homes and little golf carts for the people to get around in. He also provided food stores for them to buy their food at.  He wanted to see how they would treat each other, and how sensible they would be in their spending habits with the monopoly money.
Once everything was ready, the 500 lucky persons were brought to the village and given the drug.  Every one of them was thrilled to go in, and everyone was convinced they would be the one to win the billionaires inheritance.
But things in the village did not go as the billionaire had expected.  He watched the 500 contestants on hidden cameras all over the village, and saw that in the first week many of them developed unusual ideas.  One enterprising fellow convinced the others that somehow he owned all of the dwellings in the village, so they all had to pay him rent, or give him their entire billion if they wanted to buy a house.  Another fellow claimed that he owned all of the golf carts, and started selling them to the others at ridiculous prices.  Two other fellows got together in secret and decided to take over the food supply, and increase the food prices so much that within days theyd have most of the money.
But this was not all.  Since none of them remembered anything from their lives before, such as how long people normally live, they decided that since they had been told they would only be there one month, they were all going to die at that time.  A few of the more ingenious ones set themselves up as religious saviors, claiming thatfor a significant fee, of coursethey could guarantee the others that they wouldnt die, or at least that if they did, they would still go on living somehow in another place that was better.
There was a lot of confused thinking in the remainder of the contestants who had not yet figured out some con game to bilk everyone else out of their money.  Many of them believed that they really were going to die, and so they might as well live it up with their monopoly money and spend it like it was going out of style.  Others werent sure whether they would live on after the month, and whether there really was a reward for those who did well just as they had been told in the rule book.  It was hard for them to visualize the reward that was waiting for themit seemed fake or silly or impossible, somehow.  After all, many said, what was this big, outside world they had been told existed, and why was the real money out there, and not in the village?  The monopoly money they had in their hands seemed more real and important, no matter how massive and impressive the reward was supposed to be.  So in the end, many of these people also just decided to blow their money in riotous living, and forget about the unlikely reward.
As for what the contestants thought of the rule book, many of them just ignored it.  The people who believed the 30 days were all they had to live thought the rules were just something silly somebody just made up to get control over them.  The nebulous future after the month was over seemed too unreal to be worth the trouble of following the rules.  In fact, many didnt believe in the billionaire at all, since none of them had ever seen him (at least not that they could remember).  Others believed the rules were legitimate and the billionaire was there, but thought the rules were advisory guides only and could be bent a little.  So, if the rule said something like, Dont hit others, that only meant dont beat them up so bad theyd pass out or die, or something.  
By the end of the first week, most of the money was in the hands of about 10 people, and everybody else was reduced to extreme squalor and poverty.  They wandered mindlessly about the streets, slowly starving to death because they couldnt afford any food, and sleeping outside because they couldnt afford the rent or house purchase price.
Meanwhile, the fellow claiming to own all the houses was in a feud with the partners claiming to own all the food.  Each wanted to bump off the other, so they could take control and proclaim themselves the supreme emperor of the village.  When they went at each other with knives and really would have killed each other, the billionaire had to spring a secret trap door he had placed under certain parts of the floor of the house they were in, and take them away from the village so they wouldnt hurt each other.  Their memories were then restored, and they were sent back to their homes to live ever after with the knowledge they had blown their chance at billions.  
In the village, the rumors really started to fly after the three guys mysteriously disappeared.  Everybody believed that the house guy and food guys had been smitten by God billionaire for their wickedness (which was kind of true), and the same would happen to anyone else who tried to kill someone like they did.  But meanwhile, all that money the house guy and food guys had accumulated was sitting unused in their respective houses, and the people wanted it.  They just had to figure out a way to get it short of trying to kill each other.
At this point, the golf cart guy stepped in and convinced everyone he had a special gift that allowed him to talk with God billionaire, and God billionaire had told him they could divide up the money equallyas long as everybody gave him (the golf cart guy) half of what they got.  Most people liked this idea, but a few thought he was a nut, and tried to set themselves up as king or emperor or dictator or head dude or any other controlling type of name they could think of, after which they would order everyone to give them most of their money.
There were a fair number of squabbles and fights after that, and a few more murder attempts in order to get the monopoly money, so the billionaire had to use his trap doors again and remove a few more people from the village before they killed each other.
By the end of the second week, the village had settled down into a strange sort of peace and order.  There were three head dudes who had most of the money.  Each of them had about an equal number of followers, some of whom were slaves they could command to do any degrading thing they wanted, while others were mere low-lifes who just stood around waiting to see what would happen next.  The three head dudes hated each other, but knew they would mysteriously disappear if they tried to kill each other, so they tolerated each others existence.  Between them, they managed to take over and pretty much divide up all the houses, golf carts and food.
At this point, the billionaire figured things werent going too good, so maybe he should make his presence known a bit more.  But he was afraid he would scare them out of their wits (or worse yet, they might go nuts and try to kill him) if he went into the village.  So he went up through one of the trap doors into the house of one of the more reasonable low-lifes and told him he was the billionaire.  After the poor guy fainted and fell off his chair into the fireplace, the billionaire pulled him out (only slightly singed) and told him that the rule book was true and should be followed, that the monopoly money really had no lasting value, and that he needed to go tell everyone else to stop being so stupid.
The low life did as he was told, but it didnt do much good.  Most everybody thought he was a nut, even though there were a few who called him a prophet and decided they should do what he said.  Some got to thinking the low life was God billionaire himself, and started to worship him and give him monopoly money.
A few enterprising guys when they saw this, started going around claiming they had talked to God billionaire too, and tried to get the people to give them money also.  Then things got very confusing, and the original low-life the billionaire had talked to got tired of telling everybody they were stupid and to shape up, and went out on a boat in a little pond in the middle of the village to get away from everyone.  He had a bad dream that night, thinking he was swallowed by a whale, and the next day he set up a tent at the edge of the village and waited for God billionaire to come down and destroy them all.
By now, things were really going crazy in the village.  Some creative guys had altered the rule book, deleting rules they didnt like and making new rules that were funner and easier to follow, like, if you see someones money hanging out of their pocket, take it and run away.  Other creative people started trying to make their own monopoly money.  Meanwhile, the three head dudes who hated each other decided they didnt have enough of the monopoly money, and started to tax the people under them to get more of it.  It seemed that no one believed anymore that this whole thing was a testeven though theyd been told that repeatedly from the beginning, and it was stated as plain as day in the rule bookand all they cared about was getting as much of the monopoly money as they could, so they could use it to control others.
But there were a few who tired of the chase for monopoly money after a time.  Since they believed their lives would end in two weeks (since the first two weeks were now over), and they didnt think they would go on living after that time, they decided to indulge in all sorts of sick and degraded practices as a way to get cheap thrills.  Their philosophy was, Live it up, since youre just going to die soon anyway.  Some spent all their time eating; others went around beating people up just for fun; and yet others started doing sensual things with each other that are too indecent to say and which would result in this book being banned if they were written.  In order to protect these weirdos from themselves and from each other, the billionaire had to remove many of them through the trap doors, and send them out for psychological counselling.
Through it all, the billionaire had noticed there was one little old lady who didnt get involved in all the strange stuff that everyone else was doing.  She sat quietly each day, knitting various articles of clothing.  When some of the slaves or other unfortunates lost their shirts, she would give them the clothes she had knitted.  She seemed to be genuinely concerned with people around her.  Even though she didnt have much food (she didnt waste her money, but food prices were so high--$2000 for a loaf of breadthat she couldnt buy much), she offered to share what she had with anyone who was hungry.  She followed what was written in the rule book, but not because she wanted to get some big reward at the end of it all.  Rather, just because thats the type of person she was.  She couldnt seem to help being kind to others.
Finally, the four weeks were up.  On the last day, the few people who were left (a surprising number had been removed by then due to indecent or life threatening behavior) cringed in their houses all day, waiting for what they were sure was certain death that night.  The little old lady didnt seem troubled, though.  She calmly kept knitting.  About 5 or 6 people had joined her by now (one of them was the guy the billionaire had visited, who had the dream about the whale), and were keeping the rule book rules as well, and trying to treat each other better.  Some of them secretly still thought she was a bit looney, but decided theyd stick it out with her just in case she was on to something.
That night, the drug wore off at last.  Everybody got up from where they had been cringing and waiting to die, and looked at each other with sheepish grins on their faces.  They remembered now why they were there, and what was going on.  But even though they had made it through without having to be pulled out through a trap door, the billionaire wasnt very impressed with most of them.  Although they had made it through, the reality was they just hadnt been quite as conniving and devious as the ones who hed had to pull out.  So, he gave them all $200 as a token gift, and kicked them all out with the request that they never darken his door again.  He knew he couldn't live comfortably for the rest of his life with those kinds of people, and knew also that they wouldn't be comfortable with him either.
As you have no doubt guessed, the billionaire decided to give most of his vast fortune to the little old lady (who didnt want it), and to give the rest to her 5 or 6 followers, to the degree they sincerely had tried to do like she did (the ones who were sincere didnt seem to care whether they got the money or not either).  Even though the sincere ones didnt want the fortune, the billionaire made them keep it anyway.  He just reminded them that they had signed a contract in the beginning to take the money, which they had to honor since they were obviously the contract-honoring kind of folks.  So the little old lady went out and gave away most of her billions to people in need.  Then she set up a knitting factory in her wing of the mansion, and when the billionaire got cold on frosty nights, he found that she always had a sweater that fitted him just right. 

MORALS:

1  If youve got a vast fortune and dont know who to give it to, youre better off ignoring amnesia drugs and spending it all instead on signs with the letter Q on them.  You can then plant these signs by the side of roads all over the country, so that kids playing the alphabet game while travelling in their folks car can find the letter Q and get through the alphabet before they drive their parents crazy.
2  The only ones wholl get a reward for doing good in the hereafter are the ones who dont care whether they get the reward or not, but care about people instead.
3  If you see somebody driving a golf cart around stuffed full of monopoly money, thats a sure sign its time to take up knitting.


CHAPTER FOUR

THE CAN OF LOVE SPRAY

Once there was an inventor who got tired of inventing the usual new-fangled things that nobody ever heard of, like binocular contact lenses, water-filled shoes for tired feet, or anti-lazy pills for teenagers.  He wanted to invent something really different and uniquesomething that might actually do some good in the world.
He thought and thought, and finally decided that the world was too unfriendly and needed more love in it.  Not the romantic or physical kind of love, but simple caring, concern and sincere compassion for other people.  And so, he set to work to invent some type of love-inducing substance that would make people instantly start to care for one another.
After five years of beating his head against the wall, trying bzillions of different substances to see if they would work, giving up in despair 15 times, and repeated psychological counseling, he finally invented love spray.  It came in a handy aerosol can, and all you had to do was spray it in the air around people, and they would instantly develop true love and concern for everyone around them, which lasted for about an hour.  (It also came in handy travel size spray cans that met airline safety standards)
The inventor was so excited about his new invention that he started to use it immediately.  He first sprayed it in the lab where he worked with several other inventors.  They were usually a friendly bunch, but sometimes got on each others nerves.  They also criticized anyone who invented something that actually worked, since they were jealous that they hadnt invented it first.  After using the spray, the inventor was pleased at the new sense of harmony in the group.  None of them called him a dolt or said his spray would never sell, like they normally would have done out of jealousy.  Instead, they were very kind and encouraging to himalthough one of them did pull him aside and suggest, in a spirit of pure charity, that he ought to consider using breath mints when he talked with people in close settings from thenceforth.
Elated by this success, the inventor decided to give the spray a real acid test.  He went to the courthouse, and sprayed it as discretely as possible in a courtroom where a highly contested divorce case was being heard.  To his surprise, the divorcing couple did not make amends.  Instead, they both immediately rescinded all claims to the property they had been fighting over for years (they jointly decided to give it to charity instead), then shook hands, fired their attorneys, and went their separate ways never to see each other again.  Meanwhile, their attorneys, after overcoming their shock, went out and bought each other lunch (since the spray had hit them too), and spent the rest of the day apologizing to each other for all the despicable things they had said about each other behind each others backs for the last several years.
The spray seemed to be working, although sometimes in unexpected ways, so the inventor decided to try it out at the state legislature.  Upon entering a room in which there was a particularly heated debate between opposing political parties on a tax increase, he sprayed it profusely around the room (to avoid questioning stares, he told everyone he had been sent over by the governor with some air freshener, because the governor had heard they were talking about taxes).  The change was immediate.  The arguing stopped, people who previously had despised each other actually smiledand then everyone quickly left the room.  The inventor was dumfounded.  When he went out and asked the secretaries where the debating parties had gone, he learned that most of them had suddenly rushed in and announced they were taking the day off.  Almost every one of them said there was a friend or family member they had to meet and spend time with, and that doing so was more important than taxes.  Then they had each rushed out the door.
Somewhat confused, the man pondered where to try his spray next.  After thinking for awhile, he decided to try it on a particular couple he knew.  He was curious what effect it would have on them, since they had been living together without being married for over a year.  What would the spray do to people in that circumstance?
Upon entering their apartment, he claimed that he saw a fly, and immediately sprayed the entire room, saying that he was using fly spray.  Once again, the effect was immediate.  The couple looked at each other, then asked if he would excuse them for a minute.  They went into the kitchen and closed the door where he could hear them talking in muffled voices.  Then they came out, and the man went into the bedroom while the woman came over and started to talk to the inventor, asking him how he was doing and so forth.  
Hardly able to restrain his curiosity, the man asked if there was a problem between them.  No, said the woman with a smile.  For the first time, everything is all right.  Jerry is leaving.  Hes packing now.  We talked it over, and he apologized, and told me he had never really respected me until that moment.  He said he couldnt keep using me, and that we had to either commit to each other immediately in marriage, or he had to go.  I felt the same way, and so we decided its over between us.  Its sad, I suppose, but in a way its wonderful too.  Here, have a chocolate.
The dumfounded inventor declined the chocolate, stammered a confused good-bye to the former couple, and quickly took his leave.
The inventor went to a city park where he could think.  The spray wasnt having the effect on people that he had expected at all.  He had never thought that love and compassion would bring about such odd results.  
As he was contemplating, and trying to figure it all out, he noticed a mother and young boy nearby.  The boy had mud on his face, and the mother was trying to patiently talk him into going home to clean up.  In response, he rudely refused and said he wanted to keep playing.
On a sudden impulse, the man decided to try the spray on them.  This time he told them he was from the city, and was spraying to stop a malaria epidemic.  The effect was again immediate.  The mother stopped talking to the boy, and to the inventors amazement, grabbed the boy, put him over her knee, and started to spank him!  Meanwhile, the boy started crying and apologizing for his behavior.  Then the mother hugged her son with tears in her own eyes, after which the two left for home.
Now the man was really confused.  The spray seemed to have caused the mother to act with violence!  Surely that wasnt love, or compassion!  And it had broken up a couple who everyone had thought loved each other.  And it had terminated a political debate.  And it had failed to reunite a divorcing couple!  None of this made any sense!
As the man walked slowly back to his car, thinking deeply on what he had witnessed, he saw a police officer standing by the parking meter next to his car.  The mans heart sank.  He had forgotten to put money in the meter!
Then a sudden inspiration came to him.  He would use the spray on the officer!  Surely, he would then avoid a ticket.
This your car? asked the police officer, as the man came up to him. 
Yes, replied the man.  Without hesitation, he then sprayed the officer in the face.  This time, he didnt offer any explanation as to what he was doing.
I dont know why you did that, said the officer with a smile, but I suddenly feel so happy I dont care.  And do you know what Im going to do with this ticket?
Tear it up? said the inventor with a huge smile on his face.
No, said the officer unexpectedly.  Im going to cite you for another violation, in addition to parking.  Your rear-view mirror on the left side is cracked.  Thats a safety violation, you know.  I wasnt going to cite you for it, but now I suddenly feel like I have to.  What if you had an accident and hurt someone because you couldnt see in your mirror?  You wouldnt want that, would you?
The inventor stammered that no, he wouldnt, and unhappily took the double ticket from the smiling officer.  The officer then took him by the hand, looked into his eyes, and said in deepest sincerity, I truly hope you have a good day.  Then he left.
The man was now almost beside himself with frustration.  Was the spray working, or wasnt it?  Why was everything going so weird every time he used it?  
Slowly the man drove home.  He just couldnt figure it out.  He had thought the spray would get him out of a ticketand now he had two!  Why would an officer who suddenly loved him do that to him?
Arriving home, the man parked his car and went inside.  His wife greeted him cheerfully, and asked why he was home so early.  Just a slow day at the lab, he said.  Then he had another inspiration.  Without warning, he reached over and sprayed her with it.
His wife just looked at him for a second, then said, After 10 years of living with your inventions, Im used to things like that.  Then she went about her housework just like normal!  She didnt treat him differently at all!
The man was again dumfounded.  Hadnt her love for him increased?  Wasnt she going to at least sit him down in the softest chair, hand him the remote control, and offer to get him a snack from the kitchen? 
But she didnt do any of those things.  She just hummed to herself, smiled at him, then went and started cleaning out the sink disposal.
The man sat down heavily in a chair, and stared hard at his can of love spray.  What on earth did this stuff do to people?  Why wasnt it working right?  Had he messed up on the ingredients?
And then he received his greatest inspiration.  Without any hesitation, he pointed the can at himself, and sprayed.  
Instantly, he felt something come over him.  It was a sensation that was vaguely familiar, since he had occasionally felt it before, but not very often.  He couldnt describe why, but all of a sudden, he loved the whole world and everyone in it!  In amazement, he knew that he really and deeply loved them.
But that wasnt all.  He also instantly knew a number of things, some of which surprised him.  He knew that the best way to show his love for others was not to impose on them or fawn on them, but simply to respect them, encourage them gently, and then leave them be.  He knew that his wife already loved him so deeply that there wasnt anything additional she could do to show her love.  And he knew that he needed to go into the kitchen and help his wife with the disposal, and apologize to her for a few things he had said and done lately, that she had (very charitably) been willing to overlook.  After that, he knew that he would take her out shopping, then treat her and the kids to dinner. (At the restaurant, he ran into many of the legislators that he had seen earlier that day, with their families).
And last of all, he knew that he had to destroy the love spray.  Although he had devoted much of his life to making it, he knew that it was wrong to use it.  It was only because he was filled with love that he had the strength to admit that the spray was a counterfeit.  People needed to develop love on their own, and to pay the price for it individually.  If they got it any other way, their opportunity for personal growth was being robbed from them.  Because the inventor now loved everyone so deeply, he knew he could never use the spray again.
And so, he quietly got up, went into the kitchen, dropped the spray into the garbage can, and went over to the sink disposal.
And you can be sure he made his wife very, very happy.

MORALS:

1  Next time you go to the capital to attend a legislative hearing on taxes, make sure to bring several cans of air freshener.
2  Since only those who truly feel and experience love can understand it, most of us think its something that it isnt.  Therefore, since true and sincere love will often result in behavior that is unexpected, its better to either ignore others or treat them badly, since the consequences will be more easily predictable.
3  If you see someone in a white lab coat approaching you in a park with a can of spray, its time to run the other way as fast as you can go.


CHAPTER FIVE

THE MASTER OF ALL ADDICTIONS

There once was a man who wanted to be famous.  He considered becoming a mass murderer since they tended to get a lot of fame, but decided he didnt want to spend the rest of his life in jail, or go the electric chair.  Then he decided to become a pop/rock star, but soon realized that would require him to degrade his talents more than he felt comfortable with.  
Finally he settled on the perfect schemeto become a master of all addictions!  He had always been extremely strong-willed, such as when he was only five and stopped eating altogether until his mom agreed to give him pizza for breakfast instead of oatmeal.  He figured he would become famous by purposefully addicting himself to everything in the world that caused addictions, then publicly overcoming them all in record time to show that he was stronger.
He decided to start with nicotine.  Up to that point in his life, if he was even in the same room with a smoker it always made him nauseous.  However, he immediately started smoking twenty packs of cigarettes a day, plus cigars.  When he wasnt smoking (or coughing or gagging), he chewed tobacco, even though he hated the stuff since it made him feel like he was going to throw up.  But he knew that any worthy goal is worth sacrificing for, so he forced himself to do it.
It wasnt long until he could blow smoke rings around passing mosquitoes and spit tobacco so accurately that he could hit a moving cockroach at three yards.  When he was sure he was addicted enough he stopped abruptly.  The withdrawal was more severe than he had expected, and at times the craving was almost more than he could stand.  It was sometimes so bad that his hands would shake, his eyes would glaze over, and when he tried to talk nothing but spit would come out.  But true to his goal, he never smoked or chewed again, even though he craved it terribly.
Unfortunately, he gained little fame from his efforts.  Many people had overcome smoking, so it was no big deal.  Realizing that nicotine had been too easy to overcome, he decided that for his next feat he would combine alcohol and drug use at the same time, and lick two addictions at once.  That should gain him some instant fame.  He knew this was extremely dangerous, but like most true geniuses he was willing to risk his life for such a worthy goal as mastering all addictions.
He immediately started drinking 6 to 8 gallons of alcohol a daynot the light stuff like beer, but Vodka, Scotch and Whiskey.  Then he moved to Columbia where he could have free access to a number of illegal drugs, and opened his own meth lab.  He also bought a few thousand needles, and made good use of them.  He consumed an amazing volume and variety of drugs every day, and incredibly didnt die in the process.  By this time his fame had spread, so he was able to find a number of rich sponsors who were more than happy to give millions to help him afford the drugs he needed to become hopelessly addicted and dependent (all in the name of science and progress, of course).
In no time our hero was pleased to see that his arm resembled a pin cushion, his eyes were constantly bloodshot, and he had a constant problem distinguishing reality from fantasy.  When he and his assistants (he obviously had to have help, in his condition) decided he was addicted enough, he returned to the United States in the midst of much publicity, and was taken to a glass booth at a TV station to show the world how quickly he could overcome his addictions to alcohol, heroin, cocaine, LSD, meth and just about every other drug known to man.
A large keg of Vodka was placed inside the booth, along with an amazing assortment of illegal drugs (a policeman was waiting just outside to take our hero into custody, if he used any).
This time, the withdrawal pains and cravings the man experienced were beyond anything he could have imagined.  The poor man ranted and screamed, slammed himself into the walls of his glass box and balled like a baby.  He hallucinated constantly and contemplated suicide rather than to have to spend the rest of his days without the escape from reality that the drugs and booze gave him. But true to his commitment, he didnt touch the Vodka or any of the drugs.  He showed the world that his will was stronger.
After four weeks of incredible withdrawal agony in the glass booth, our hero was free to go.  Because he was so messed up by drugs, he was no longer able to drive (or even walk straight), but he was happy because he had gained his goal of fame and shown he could overcome any addiction.  His constant cravings for alcohol, nicotine and drugs were often overpowering and made his life miserable.  But of course he never yielded to the temptation to use them again.  Such was the price of fame.
However, it wasnt long until our hero started to feel depressed.  Surely there had to be more addictions to overcome than booze, drugs and smoking.  Indeed, his public began to clamor for something new, and his fame began to fade.  He had to find a new addiction quick!
The answer came to him while at the grocery store checkout stand, while glancing at all the quasi-pornographic magazines placed next to the candy for all the children to see.  Sex was a wonderful addiction!  Why hadnt he realized it before?  He immediately rushed to the nearest smut shop and bought 300 pounds of the sickest, hardest porn he could find.  Although many of the pictures turned his stomach, he knew he had to keep going.  When he wasnt looking at the stuff in magazines and books, he looked at it on the internet.  He also started to participate in activities with both men and women that were so sensuous and revolting that they cannot be written here (or this book would be banned even by people who dont believe in book banning).
In no time, our hero was hopelessly addicted.  Realizing he was ready, he returned to the glass booth amid much fanfare, where a constant stream of gays, prostitutes and porn was offered to him (a thick ceiling-to-floor curtain was ready for him to use, in case he decided to indulge his addiction).  Gay groups nationwide claimed that, now that he had found his true calling, he would never depart from it.  To their amazement however, and in spite of the tremendous battle the man suffered with his physical urges that he had unleashed and allowed to run unrestrained for so long, he turned his back on all of it.  He was out of the booth in three weeks and never returned to sexual addictions again.
Although there was a period of euphoria at this new victory, it wasnt long until our hero was again depressed.  It seemed that he had already faced and conquered the worlds worst addictions and his lifes work was therefore over and there was nothing left to do.  Of course the addictions had left their mark.  He was still too messed up from drugs to ever drive again (or walk straight), and he constantly craved cigarettes and booze.  Furthermore, now that he had been through sexual addictions, his innocence and ability to enjoy quiet, peaceful thoughts in his own mind was gone.  Now he constantly had graphic images disturb his thinking, combined with strong cravings and urges that are best left undiscussed.  But of course, it was all worth it, in order for him to achieve his goal.
In depressed desperation, our hero returned to the grocery store where he had found his last addiction, hoping it would help him find another.  And it did!  While despondently trying to work his way through the donut aisle past several obese people (who were very hard to get around), it came to him.  Food!  Why hadnt he thought of it before!  How could he have overlooked the national pastime, the biggest addiction of them all?  Excitedly he filled two shopping carts with all the fatty foods he could find, then happily returned home to eat himself sick. He ate constantly, topping everything (even hamburgers) with a healthy dose of whipped cream or sour cheese.  He drank cream by the gallon and had three dozen donuts a day (as snacks between his eight regular meals).  He had to force himself to keep eating at times when he felt like another bite would make him explode.  But he kept at it, to reach his goal.  He also drank gallons of coffee and black tea (which by themselves are very addicting) to keep himself awake so he could eat all night.
It took him longer to become fully addicted this time.  But slowly his weight began to rise.  Newspapers published a daily weight gain index for his many admirers.  There was a national outcry of joy when he reached 350 pounds a few months later.  He decided he was then ready for the glass booth again.  By now he had overcome his initial revulsion of constant eating, and instead loved every minute of it.  The thought of stopping was horrifying.  He therefore knew he was ready.
Local restaurants filled the glass booth with the most tantalizing dishes imaginable.  The booth and the entire studio were constantly filled with the mouth-watering aroma of chicken cordon bleu, filet mignon, pizza, potatoes au graten, and dozens of other tantalizing dishes.  Millions of struggling obese people (more than half the country) turned on their TVs everyday in the hope of seeing that our hero would succumb to his addiction and eat.
But they were sadly disappointed.  Although driven nearly out of his mind by the continuous tantalizing aroma of his favorite dishes, our hero turned his back on all of it.  To his surprise, he found that he craved coffee and tea the most, so much so that he couldnt stop his hands from constantly shaking.  Yet he never drank another drop.  All he would eat was a little bit of lettuce, fruit and nonfat yogurt.  He refused to eat anything fattening.  In three months, he was back under 200 pounds and out of the booth.  He was both hailed as a hero for overcoming his addiction, and universally despised by people who had tried for years to lose weight without success.
The euphoria of our heros latest victory didnt last long.  It seemed he was only content when he had a new addiction to overcome.  But it seemed that he had conquered them all.  At least he couldnt think of any new ones to try.  He had done all of the physical craving addictionswhat else was there?  Our hero slipped slowly into depression, which was greatly aggravated of course by his constant cravings for drugs, booze, cigarettes, sex, food and coffee.  However, he didnt yield for an instant to any of these overpowering urges, no matter how depressed he became.  He knew that if he did, he would lose the only thing he had left, now that his addiction conquering days were apparently overhis status as a has been.  If he yielded to the multitude of urges constantly screaming to be fulfilled, he would lose what fleeting fame he still had left.  But it was a miserable life.
In desperation, our hero returned to the supermarket that had given him his last two addiction ideas.  Sadly however, no new ideas came to him there.  Then one day the man had a visit from a religious leader, asking permission to use the mans example to teach his congregation about how there is no addiction that is too strong to be overcome.  Naturally our hero agreedhe could use all the publicity he could get.  Then the religious leader asked a question that shocked our hero.  So, said the religious leader casually, now that youve conquered the handful of obvious addictions, when are you going to start using your tremendous talents to overcome the real addictions out there?
Instantly our hero was all ears.  What real addictions? he practically shouted.
Why, dont you know? asked the religious leader in surprise.  The obsessive addictions!  Theres hardly a man or woman on the planet that doesnt have one!
Our hero stared at him blankly.
Well, you know! said his friend.  Sports, cars, hunting, clothes, fashion, shopping, exercise, health foodsthe list goes on and on.  None of these things are bad in moderation, but its amazing how many people take them too far.  They snub their loved ones and friends since they would rather spend their time with their addiction.  Like a man ignoring his wife while watching games on TV all day.  Or the woman who cant stop thinking of new dresses and beauty crmes and exercise programs to make herself attractive.
Wow! said our hero, his eyes lighting up with all the possibilities.  His friend continued.  Almost anything can become an addiction if taken too far.  Even moods.  Some people are addicted to anger; others to depressed self pity; others to worry.  Even religion can become an addiction if taken too far.  Look at all the religious fanatics out there.  And as people get older, their addictions get stronger, not weaker.  Regardless of a persons age, you can usually identify a persons addictions just by talking to them for five minutes.
Our hero was so overjoyed by now that all he could do was pump the religious leaders hand and say, Thank you! over and over again.  He had barely tapped the surface of addictions!  And he had now found such a treasure trove of addictive obsessions to overcome that it would probably take the rest of his life to become addicted to them all, then conquer them.  Our heros faith in his life goal was restored, and he set to work immediately.
He decided the first thing he needed to do was to get married, so he could have a loved-one at hand to neglect while he pursued his numerous obsessive addictions.  This would make overcoming the addiction much more difficult.  Because of his fame he had no trouble finding a wife.  He had a wonderful wedding and honeymoon, and enjoyed a very pleasant first 3 months of marriage in order to establish a loving relationship that could be destroyed by addictions.  He was devoted to her, and she to him.  He almost regretted at the end of the three months what he knew he had to do, but set forth nonetheless on his goal.  After all, it was more important than she was.
He decided to first become addicted to work.  His plan was to work all day and all evening, and every weekend, and often into the night.  Since he wasnt trained as a lawyer or doctor, which would have given him the perfect profession to do this, he decided to do the next best thinghe would develop and test computer programs designed to make money on the internet.
Not that the man like the internet or computers.  In fact, he hated them.  But just as he had done with his prior addictions, he threw every bit of his tremendous energy into his effort.  In a matter of a few months, he had lost his wife (naturally, she divorced him), but instead had developed an obsessive love of computer wizardry that was so intense, that even the thought of leaving it forever nearly drove him out of his mind with depression.  
Back to the booth he went.  This time it was set up with the latest and best computer equipment and software to tempt him. Computer geeks of all varieties came every day to tantalize him with intriguing questions.  If only they could get himjust onceto yield, and condescend to answer a question, or even to nod or hint at an answer.  Or to go over and click the mouse on a computer.  Or to even just answer a text message.
But our hero didnt budge.  Not once did he answer any of the geeks.  He ignored the computers, cells phones and related gadgetry, and spent his day sitting on his bed staring blankly at the wall.  He nearly went mad with restless energy, and the incredible urge to use his newfound computer knowledge once again.  After all, with what he now knew about computers, he could make far more money than he had ever made on his addiction crusade.  But he stayed firm.  He knew that there are some goals almost bigger than life itself that are worth fighting for.  In three weeks, he was out of the booth again and never turned on another computer as long as he lived.
Our hero promptly got married a second time and developed another loving relationship.  When he had developed it enough so that it could be ruined by a new addiction, and would therefore make it much harder for him to overcome the addiction, he turned to his next choice of addictions to overcomesports.  In no time he knew every teams score in every major sport for the last 50 years.  He knew every batting average, yardage record, total game points earned, etc., etc.  He would sit on the couch and eat popcorn while watching sports all day, ignoring his wife while she tried to vacuum around him.  It wasnt long before he had achieved the enviable status of his second divorce, and more knowledge of sports than even the best trained sportscasters.  Every thought, every breath, every waking moment was filled with the world of sport.
And then it was time for the booth again.  This time, it was filled with TVs broadcasting games, with sports pundits who came to ask his opinion of the odds on the next game, and often with the players themselves who came to offer him their autographs.  To their chagrin, he turned his back on all of them (one sports figure was so shocked at having his autograph refused that he went into convulsions).  Not once did the man even so much as look at the TV screens, or talk to anyone about sports.  He stuffed his socks into his ears so he wouldnt hear the games.  He hummed and sang to himself when coaches and fans yelled at him about the upcoming sports events.  He slept through the super bowl.  In a word, he did the unthinkable in todays worldhe gave up sports completely, and for good.
Once out of the booth, the man didnt waste any time on his next endeavor.  He had a bit harder time finding someone to marry him, now that it was common knowledge he would just ignore them later on.  But some flouncy women considered him a challenge, to see if they could addict him to THEM more than any other earthly thing.  So in the end, he found another wife.
This time (and to his new wifes chagrin), he decided to become obsessively addicted to an emotion rather than a pastime or a thing.  He chose anger as the most common of the emotional addictions.  After the honeymoon was over, he started to beat up his wife and go into uncontrollable rages of pure, pointless, ridiculous bouts of anger.  Hardly any provocation would set him off.  He initially found such behavior very distasteful, since he was naturally a person who prided himself on his self control.  But for the sake of his worthy goal, he knew he had to force himself to become an angry ogre, and to lose all control whenever he got even the slightest bit upset.
This time his divorce was granted in record time, and he landed in jail within a week.  After beating up all his cell mates and any guard who came within range, he was placed in solitary confinement.  By now, his fame had spread far and wide.  When the prison warden came to see him in solitary, and left with a fresh black eye, the world knew he was ready for the booth again.
This time, the wildest assortment of people came to see him, to tempt him to become angry.  All three of his ex wives came, each demanding more alimony, and calling him every name in the book.  Former fans and friends came and ridiculed and belittled him in public, calling him a pansy and a moron.  One day, they even brought in an entire pre-school class of drooling children to try his patience.  But not once, no matter what anyone did or said, did the man yield to anger.  Although at times, the veins on his neck stuck out like they would pop, and his face turned purple with suppressed emotion, he calmly smiled, extended the hand of friendship, and ignored everything evil that was said about him.  In two weeks he was out of the booth again.
And so, the course of the mans life went.  Over the next several years he went through the same sequence in respect to cars, listening to music, body building, watching movies and TV, shopping, clothing, deer hunting, model train making, academic attainment (he got 3 Ph.Ds before he stopped and became ignorant again), arrogance, money, environmental activism, moods of depression, gaming, and dozens and dozens of other pastimes and emotions and things.  He ended up with over two dozen divorces as well, a feat that put him in the record books as the worlds most despicable man in the eyes of women.
The man had achieved his goal.  As the years passed and his temples grew gray, he could hold his head high in pride (when the after-effects of his drug addiction would let him), knowing that he had truly become a master of all addictions.  He was revered far and wide and received international fame as a man who could not be overcome, no matter what he became addicted to.
One day, after his 32nd divorce, the man received a visit from the religious leader that had saved him by pointing out all the obsessive addictions that he still had to conquer.  The religious leader was complimentary of the mans success, but expressed regret that there was still one addiction he had not conqueredand would not be able to conquer.
Our hero was naturally intrigued.  What is it?! he demanded.  I must know!  There must be no addiction I leave unconquered before my life is through.
His friend smiled, and said simply, The addiction of love.  Our hero was speechless.  Seeing he had accomplished his goal, the religious leader left, chuckling under his breath at what he knew the man would do.
And he did.  After overcoming his shock, he set about to become addicted to love.  He knew that the love he developed could not be physically based, or fleeting or hypocritical, but had to be of the sincerest, deepest and most profound kind.  He needed to develop true caring and compassion for others, and a loving commitment to people that would make him willing to sacrifice anything for them.  In a word, he had to forget himself in their behalf.
It took more effort at first than the man had thought.  He visited nursing homes.  He helped old ladies across the street.  He volunteered in troubled youth homes.  He did everything he could think of to become addicted to love, even though his initial inclination was revulsion (because he had never really liked people).
And then, with the passage of time, he noticed a curious thing.  His efforts were starting to work!  His service and concern for others started to become sincere.  He was amazed to find that he really cared!  He started to be pained when others were pained.  He worried about people, and tried every way he knew to help them, but without being pushy or intrusive.  He cried uncontrollably when he saw people suffering.  He even went back to his 32 former wives, apologized profusely for the way he had treated them, and begged their forgiveness.  (Several of them wanted to marry him again, but the bigomy laws obviously wouldnt allow it)
And then, when it was obvious he was ready, he went back again to the glass booth.  The whole country was watching in joyous anticipation.  Never before had he disappointed them.  It was certain that, no matter who came into that booth now, and no matter how sad their story, or how much they needed help, or even how much they just needed a soft shoulder to cry on, he would be callous and aloof and crass.
As a stream of pitiful, sincerely needy people were brought to him, our hero watched them with mournful eyes.  Tears started to stream down his face.  A child who had lost his sight was brought to him, and was shoved into the mans arms.  What would he do?  He obviously had to push the child away.
The man groaned.  He held his hands over his eyes.  He balled like a baby.  He got up, rushed over to the wall of the glass booth, and slammed himself into it in agony.
And just as they were about to take the sightless child away, he rushed to him, caught him up in his arms, and held him close.  
The spell was broken!  An addiction had been found that the man could not seem to overcome!  (Or at least, was not willing to overcome)  People all over the country were speechless!  They had seen the impossible!!  Had the world come to an end?
And in one quiet little church house, a religious leader watching the whole thing on TV just laughed and laughed and laughed.

MORALS:

1  If youre determined to become a master of all addictions, dont trust anyone having anything to do with religion.
2  Next time you see a man staggering about with an arm that looks like a pincushion, just rush him to the nearest glass phone booth and lock him inside until he reforms.
3  The only addictions we cannot overcome are the ones we decide we cannot overcome.  We control themthey do not control us.  


CHAPTER SIX

THE PRIDEMETER AND WHAT IT TOLD

There once was a man who invented a pridemeter that would instantly tell how proud people were on a scale of 1 to 10 (10 being so full of pride and arrogance that the person couldnt fit their head through the door, and 1 being so utterly humble and lacking in pride that the person must be ill).  The mans hope was that he could charge businesses to use his machine in hiring, so that the least vain and proud persons would be chosen for the job.  He also hoped to use it in political elections, to help spare the country from leaders whose egos were bigger than their brains.
The man invented the machine as part of his dissertation to receive a PhD.  His faculty advisors and other professors were utterly fascinated by his inventionuntil he tested them with it.  Each one of them nearly broke the machine as the needle tried vainly to go above 10.  They promptly kicked the man out of the PhD program and spent the next 10 years publishing articles about why they thought he was an idiot, and stating that the machine could not be trusted.
Undaunted by this setback, the man took his machine to the state legislature and showed it to the representatives, to see if they would be interested in using it for hiring employees, and for elections.  Once again they showed keen interestuntil he started testing the representatives with the machine.  As before, the majority of them nearly broke the machine, although surprisingly there was a small handful who ranked quite low (around 3 or 4).  No one who was tested yielded a number in between these extremes.  They were all either egotists in office, or were within the small group of sincere public servants.  Interestingly the test results found no meaningful difference between the two political parties.  Because the majority of politicians did not fare well at the hands of the machine, the man was promptly kicked off Capital hill.
However, that night, very late, there was a soft knock on the mans door.  When he opened it he was surprised to see the leaders of one of the political partiessome of the same people who had kicked him out of the capital earlier.  They entered and apologized for their earlier behavior, saying it was only because of the other political party that it had happened.  They then sought to enlist his aid in the upcoming election to show how the candidates for the other party were unfit for office.  However, when the man asked about using the machine to test their own candidates, the group grew strangely silent.  The man thanked them for coming, said he would think about it, and they left.
A short while later there was another soft knock on the door.  When the man opened it, he was surprised to see the leaders of the opposite political party.  They entered and apologized for their earlier behavior, saying it was only because of the other political party that it had happened.  They also sought use of the machine in the upcoming election to show how unfit the other partys candidates were, but also grew strangely silent when the man asked about using the machine to test their own candidates.  After they left, the man decided it was his duty as a public minded citizen to be fair to both parties, and not allow either to use his machine.  While he had originally hoped the machine could be used in elections, he now saw that politics made this impossible.
After this, the man decided he would try to offer his machine to a different group who would hopefully make better use of it.  He decided to approach the leaders and clergy of various churches, who could use the machine as a tool to help their membership grow in humility.  Surely such persons would not be caught in the trap of the educators and politicians he had tested so far!  
As before, most of these leaders were initially fascinated with the machineuntil they were tested themselves.  Then most of them denounced it as a tool of the devil, since in almost every case it showed their own pride level at 9 or 10.  Only a very few did better, usually scoring around 3 or 4.  Once again, there were no scores in between.  The man was shocked and amazed, and abandoned his attempt to approach religious leaders for its use.  Meanwhile, the clergy who had not scored well began to denounce him and his machine in their sermons, and it wasnt long before the man could hardly walk down the street without being hissed at or spit on or sworn at.
He decided to turn next to business leaders, to see if they would be interested in using his machine for hiring.  He soon found that he had quite a challenge even scheduling an appointment with many of these leaders, since most had heard sermons against his machine, or had heard of how it was being denounced by his former professors or by legislators on Capital hill.  But with persistence, the man was finally able to meet with quite a few business leaders.
The result was not very different from what he had experienced so far.  The leaders were initially interested, but when their own pride level was checked, they lost all interest and denounced him as an idiot.  There were a few, however, to the mans great surprise, who had only a mid level pride score (4 or 5).  However, these were mostly in mid level management, and were few and far between even there.  Most of these apologetically told him their bosses and fellow leaders would never allow use of the machine in their business, and showed him to the door.
By now the man was very discouraged.  He didnt know who else to approach.  It seemed that most people in leadershipwhether in business, religion, politics or higher educationdid not score very well on the machine, and therefore hated it.  Realizing this however gave him a new idea.   Perhaps it was only leaders that had this trouble.  What about the common man?  He quickly resolved to approach common men to see if his fortunes would be better.  He rented space in a local mall and offered testing on his machine for a reasonable fee to all comers.
The results were not at all what he had expected.  He quickly found that his biggest clientele were married couples or engaged couples, where one spouse wanted to test the other, but either refused or was very reluctant to be tested themselves.  The test results almost always sparked an argument and breakup, since the scores were usually higher than expected.  The case was especially severe when the person wanting the testing for their spouse/significant other finally relented to be tested as wellin which case they were invariably found to have more pride than their partner!  During the time the man was doing his mall testing, the local divorce rate doubled, and local jewellers nearly went broke because of the numerous engagements that were broken off.
After carefully thinking about his approach, the man came to the realization that he was going about things in the wrong way.  Anyone who was NOT proud would have no interest in being tested, since he had nothing to prove.  It was almost always the other groupthe proud ones who were convinced they were not proudthat would pay to be tested at the mall, to show everyone they were humble.  Naturally, this always ended up in disaster.  Hence, voluntary mall testing was no good at all.  As soon as the man closed down his business and left the mall, local jewellers immediately held a celebration, but divorce attorneys went into mourning.
By now the man had become greatly discouraged.  His machine had caused nothing but trouble, and he was penniless and universally despised.  Although he was tempted to just junk the machine and take a job at the local car wash, he realized that he had a duty to mankind to make use of the machine if possible for the benefit of all, even if it ruined him.  He therefore determined to make his own independent studies with the machine and then write a book about his findings (he knew that if he gave the book a sensuous title and quasi-pornographic cover art, it would sell well regardless of its contents)
And so he set about to conduct his study of people with the machine.  One of the few business leaders who had not tested high on his machine agreed to provide him some funding, which was a great help.  The man then decided to compare and contrast pride levels in a variety of different circumstances and between different groups of people.  The first group he decided to test were different professions, since he had already gathered data on business leaders, politicians, etc., so this study was already partly done.  
He first took testings on randomly selected attorneys.  As expected, the needle in each case strained to go past 10 (after 15 attorneys, he decided not to test anymore, since it looked like they might break his machine).
He then selected a random sample of doctors and dentists, thinking that surely they would do much better.  While they did score slightly better than the attorneys (at least they didnt threaten to break his machine), the majority of them still came in with 9s and 10s! As before with the legislators and clergy, a small minority of them scored a 3 or 4, but there were almost no scores in between.  After careful reflection, the man decided the high scores of the majority must be because many doctors and dentists saw themselves as dispensers of medical wisdom, which naturally made them superior to all those who came to them. (Interestingly, several of the doctors who he tested diagnosed him as mentally incompetent)
Although he had a good idea what the results would be, the man also tested entertainers, such as actors, singers and sports figures.  He was not disappointed in his findings.  Although there were a few rare exceptions, most of them came close to breaking the machine at 10+.
He then decided on a radical change, and next tested low-wage factory workers. Surely this would be a more humble group, since such workers didnt have a lot of education or status or power like the others he had tested so far.  However, the results were surprising.   The scores were hardly less than other groups, and still ranged from 7 to 10!  The man was mystified.  How could this be?
Upon looking closely at the lives of his subjects, the man thought he began to understand.  He noticed that the factory workers enjoyed pretending they were smarter, or better somehow than their fellow workers.  They tried to outdo each other and show they were the best worker.  They also tried to dress better, or indebt themselves for a fancier car or more impressive electronics to show that they were better off than their fellow workers.  They also tended to think they were undervalued and could solve world problems, or fix their companys woes, or generally perform better at any task than anyone else.  In a word, they were proud too.
Fascinated with this discovery, the man then tested other working classes to see if the results would be the same.  They were.  Whether he was testing bowling alley staff, plumbers, ditch diggers, or nuclear physicists, the results were close to the same.  Pride levels were still very high in all professions, with a few notable exceptions.
The same held true for professions the man had thought would rate lower in pride.  Public school teachers for example ranked just as high as other professions.  In spite of their low salaries and service orientation which the man thought would make their scores better, it turned out that the majority still saw themselves as being wiser than just about all others in the communityespecially the stupid parents they had to deal with all the time.  Likewise, monks and missionaries and others in unpaid religious service also scored no better when they were tested.  While they gave wonderful service, they apparently considered themselves closer to the keys of salvation, and therefore superior to others.
Of course, in all this testing, there were a number of exceptions.  All of the professions had thempeople who would score 3 or 4, and who were sincere and not egotistical.  The man even found a very few higher education professors (outside of his old school, of course) who had learned enough to know that they actually knew very little about anything.  There were also laborers, office workers, school teachers, monks and missionaries and professionals in all fields who scored well on the pridemeter, and had a much more realistic view of their place in the world than most others.  But such individuals were the exception and not the rule, and the man did not find that there were any more of them in any particular profession.  Indeed, the only profession the machine showed consistently scoring a bit less in pride than all the others were those involved in animal rescue.  This was no doubt because they spent most of their time with creatures not consumed with pride.
Having completed his review of the world of work, the man went on to research to see if there any differences in pride across other groups in society.  First he looked at men versus women.  While his prediction that women would generally score lower in pride than men proved true, the spread was not as great as expected.  The spread was only about  a point.  In examining the result further, the man found that the high score for women reflected a different source of pride.  Women were more frequently involved in gossip, subtle comparisons between themselves regarding social status, and excessive zeal about the superiority of their children, as compared to men who just liked to brag and show off.  The inventor also found that women tended to react more violently than men when they received bad scores on the machine.  He was hit over the head with heavy purses many times, screamed at, threatened and hounded.  However, he took it all in stride and went limping along his way.
The man next tested racial groups.  He realized of course that this was very risky to do.  Once it became known what he was doing, he received a lot of publicity and a number of death threats, as well as a large volume of hate mail.  To his surprise, he also received what can only be described as praise mail, which praised him for proving the inferiority of certain races (even though he had not proved anything yet).  Interestingly, both the hate and praise mail came from all racial groups, including both majority and minority racial groups.  In the end, all of the publicity and excitement fizzled since his extensive testing failed to show any differences at all in pride levels across racial groups. Almost all persons he tested scored in the 8 to 10 range regardless of their race, and of course all of them became very angry when they discovered their score.
The man next tested age groups.  It was here that he made his first major breakthrough.  To his amazement, he found that young children scored significantly less on the machine than any other group he had tested.  The younger they were, the better they would score.  Indeed, he found no children under the age of 8 who scored higher than 5 on the pridemeter.  While children would brag and put each other down as much as adults (copying their parents, of course), their motives for doing so were not based on pride to nearly the same degree as adults.  Although many children liked to strut around and act superior, as a group they were much more aware of their limitations, and knew that they didnt have the answers to the worlds problems.
Interestingly, the man achieved an opposite result when he tested those over age 65.  Most of the elderly tended to score 10s or near 10s on the machine, with a few rare exceptions.  Our hero could only conclude that as people get older (and more crotchety) and more set in their ways, they become more and more convinced that their experience makes them right in just about everythingeven though they profess to be more open minded.  Fortunately for our hero, this group were usually too old and feeble to attack him after testing, although he did have a few pairs of false teeth thrown at him.
The man next tested those who were mentally disturbed, as contrasted with those with supposedly good mental health.  To his surprise, he didnt find any difference in pride between insane people and those who were said to be normal.  For example, one man who firmly believed he was Napoleon tested at 9, the same as most of his normal contemporaries.
When it came to physical disabilities however, the man made his second major discovery.  As a group, those with physical disabilities tended to score much lower in pride than their healthy counterparts.  Generally the more severe the handicap, the lower (and therefore better) the pride score.  To be sure, there were a few exceptions of disabled persons as proud as their contemporaries.  But as a general group, they scored less.  
It was at this point that the man made a major discovery.  He found the only group of people who almost all tested near zero in pride.  These were the terminally ill who only had a few days to live.
By this time the man and his machine had achieved a certain amount of fame.  Although he was universally hated by almost everyone (except small children and the physically handicapped, of course), his testing was widely reported in the news media. (This was mainly because he made a deal with the media to never test newscasters).
The man also tested different income groups, fully expecting to find more pride among the wealthy, and less pride among the poor.  While he did find a very slight decrease in pride among the poor (by about  a point), he was surprised that there was not a greater difference.  Indeed, a few of his richest subjects scored only a 6 or 7 in pride, while he found an amazing number on welfare or in slums who scored 9 or 10.  Their pride had a different focus than that of the wealthy, of course.  Instead of displaying pride in their riches, homes, cars, etc., the pride of the poor was focused on their supposed independence and uniqueness of character.  They usually saw themselves as the victims of circumstance whose talents far exceeded their lot in life, and who could fix the problems of the world if given the chance.  The man was surprised at how consistent the thinking of these independent thinkers was.  While they all believed they were unique, and that they alone saw the world properly, their thinking on most subjects was pretty much the same, and was full of pride.  In a word, they thought they were right most of the time, while everyone else was wrong.
Another surprise was the discovery that persons who were depressed (other than chemical depression) scored just as high in pride as everyone else!  They usually scored between 8 and 10.  By fine tuning the dials on the pridemeter, the man was able to pinpoint the reason for this strange phenomenon.  Those consumed with pride tend to be focused just on themselves, assuming more significance and importance for themselves than is proper.  The depressed fit this description as much as the vain, although their focus is on the negative about themselves rather than the positive.  It is still an obsession with self, and is therefore a form of pride.
Next, the man adjusted the pridemeter to test for specific events or things people would do that might increase or decrease their pride.  The man quickly found that there were a number of businesses built on increasing pride and fostering it.  For example, high class restaurants and hotels, nightclubs, fur stores, beauty parlors, jewellers, and most sporting events tended to create higher readings on the pridemeter.  He was particularly fascinated with how competitive team sports created increased levels of pride not only among team members, but with vast numbers of spectators as well. (However, the man tried to be discreet in his sports testing, especially when he tested football team members who were twice his size and weight.  He told them he was testing their muscle strength, and the higher the number the better.  Most scored a 10).
But this was not all.  Certain other events surprisingly created higher pride readings as well.  For example, high school reunions, business meetings at which individual production levels were discussed, and even church attendance (among all but the truly devout and sincere) tended to create more pride.  The surprising church attendance readings led the man to do more testing on the link between clothing and pride.  Not surprisingly, he found a very strong correlation.
By now the man was receiving an average of 50 death threats a day, as well as numerous lesser threats.  Only those who scored relatively low on the machine had any respect for him.  The proud, on the other hand, hated their scores, and therefore hated him and his machine.  Unfortunately for him, this constituted most of the population.
After all his testing of pride levels, the man was often asked what difference it made anyway, and why a little pride was such a bad thing.  After all, the machine seemed to test something that many thought was pointless.  His response, based on his testing, was always the same.  He had found that the proud are unwilling to recognize weakness in themselves, and to change.  They think they dont need to.  Their focus is on blame rather than accepting responsibility, and on the errors in the thinking of others rather than problems with their own thinking.  Most of all, they were unwilling to forgive.  Indeed, the man had found that the two surest indicators of high levels of pride were lack of forgiveness and anger at petty annoyances.  He had found that pride tended to stagnate people, since they were unwilling to progress, change, learn and growall of which takes a good deal of sincere humility.  Once stagnated, they could not progress or reach their potential.
After years of testing, the mans book was nearly finished.  He was quite proud of it (something he shouldnt have been, of course), since he felt it represented a breakthrough in social knowledge.  Of course, he knew he would have a hard time finding  a publisher for it, since most of them hated his guts.  But he still had hopes that it would be published soon.
But then, on the eve of completion of the book, the public made an amazing discovery.  The man admitted in an interview that, although he had tested thousands of people with his machine, he had never tested himself!  He claimed there was no need to do so, although deep down he knew that his real reason was fear of the result.  The public uproar that followed was so tremendous that he finally agreed to a public test.  With most of his enemies watching on TV, he was testedand came in at 9 1/2!  Further testing by the machine revealed that he scored so high because of vanity at being the only one who had ever been able to invent a pride machine.
The public laughter and ridicule that followed was tremendous.  Late night talk show hosts lambasted him.  His former professors mocked him with a new set of articles.  The press had a field day, and everywhere he went, people pointed and laughed.  The man knew that he shouldnt let it bother him, and that if he ever expected people who scored high in pride to accept the truth, he needed to set the example himself.  For a time (two whole days) he grinned and bore it.  But finally, it got the better of him.  He couldnt sleep at night, remembering how everyone had laughed at him.  He got up, grabbed a frying pan out of the kitchen, and used it to smash the machine to bits.  Then he moved to another city, shaved himself bald, and grew a mustache and beard so he wouldnt be recognized.  After that he started driving an ice cream truck for a living.  
After his disappearance, most people were only too glad to have him and his machine gone, and he was quickly forgotten.  The professors who had written articles against him went back to writing articles ridiculing each others theories instead.  Everyone who tested high in pride went back to believing that they were actually quite humble, and that most others wrongly failed to appreciate their true wisdom.  Meanwhile, those who were truly humble were too nice to point out the error of their ways, or to remind them of the man and his pride testing.

MORALS:

1  If youre going to invent a pride testing machine, and you value your sanity and reputation, dont make it an honest one.
2  If humility was wealth, and pride was poverty, the world would be a slum.
3  Beware of bald ice cream truck drivers with beards. 


CHAPTER SEVEN

THE JUDGE WHO GOT JUDGED

There once was a man who loved more than anything to judge people.  His fondest pastime was to go to the mall or sit at the park making judgments about everyone who walked by.  He judged the fat ones to lack self control, the skinny ones to be anorexic, the short ones to be underachievers, and the tall ones to be arrogant.  It didnt matter whether his judgments were right or wrong.  He just liked to judge.
Naturally, the man studied law and became an attorney, and after a few short years of legal practice, he became a judge of the local court.  This allowed him to be paid to do what he liked best (which is always what a person should do in respect to choosing a career).  He would gleefully dispense judgment all day to the unfortunates who were brought before him, and who usually left his courtroom feeling worse than when they had entered it.  When 5:00 oclock came and the man had to stop judging, he was sincerely depressed that he had to wait a whole day until he did it again (his staff, on the other hand, were sincerely depressed at only one time of day8:00 a.m. when they had to start working with him)
The mans least favorite time of year was when he had to take his vacation, and he was forced to go without making judgments on people for two whole weeks.  He would usually go to Europe or China or somewhere exotic and sit in his motel room and sulk at all the judging back home that he was missing out on.  It was no fun judging foreigners, since they were obviously all inferior. 
(It should be noted that the man always took his vacations alone because he was not married.  Since he enjoyed judging all the girls he ever took out on dates, he had never found one who would accept him)
One year the man decided he would take his vacation at home.  He could sulk just as well in his own living room as he could in some strange motel abroad.  And he could go to the mall and wave to all the people he recognized who had appeared in his courtroom, who would usually glower or frown in return, then turn and walk swiftly away.
About a week into his vacation a very strange thing happened.  He had a visit from a powerful fairy who enjoyed meddling in other peoples business.  She appeared suddenly in his living room in a flash of light, and the man instantly judged her as being overly fond of chocolates since she was rather plump.
Without wasting time, she waved her wand and dispensed her meddling.  You shall experience three days of judging, she droned, each day different, and yet each the same.  And then, perhaps your ideas about judging will change forever!
The man just grunted and said, Breaking and entering, trespass, assault and intentional infliction of emotional distress.  Ive got four legal claims against you already.  Im calling the police!
The fairy just smiled sweetly and disappeared in another flash of light, leaving the man to ponder her message (which he did for about 13 seconds, and then went to bed).
The next day, the man put up a No Trespassing sign in his living room in case she came back, and then went to the mall for his usual day of judging and waving at people who hated him.  As he was leaving the house, he saw that the paperboy was late with his paper as usual.  He could just see him out the window, coming down the street.  That boy is utterly irresponsible, he muttered under his breath.  Instantly the boy stopped his bike, unloaded all his newspapers, and threw them into Mrs. Johnsons petunia bed.  Then he pedalled off in the direction of the ice cream store.
Shrugging his shoulders at the boys odd behavior, the man got into his car and drove to the mall.  On his way there he judged several drivers to be reckless, and was astonished to seeimmediately after making this judgment of themthat they picked up speed and swerved dangerously down the road in the most reckless manner possible.  One of them passed within inches of the mans car, causing him to turn white and note down the license number to pass on to the police.
After arriving at the mall, the man made his way to his favorite bench where he could see almost everyone who entered or left.  It was a perfect spot for waving at people he recognized from his courtroom (No one ever waved back, of course).
After about fifteen minutes, the man saw two young fellows who had appeared twice in his courtroom, being charged with minor crimes both times.  He waved at them and smiled (they pretended to ignore him), but under his breath he muttered, Absolute hoodlums and troublemakers, thats what they are!
Instantly, the two boys turned from where they had been walking quietly down the mall and bashed the window of the nearest store.  It shattered to pieces.  When a horrified sales clerk came up to protest, one boy knocked the clerk to the floor.  Then they took off down the mall, where the judge saw them being apprehended by the police and mall security.
Our hero smiled in grim satisfaction, saying to himself, Ill probably be seeing them in my courtroom next week.
A little later, the man saw a lady approaching who had appeared in his courtroom during a highly contested divorce matter.  She and her former husband had fought bitterly over the distribution of the marital property.  She was walking along now with her new husband, holding his hand and smiling.
The judge waved, but under his breath he muttered, Shes an old witch who enjoys nothing more than picking on her husband.
To the mans amazement, the ladys face instantly turned green, and several warts appeared.  Her nose grew long and curved, and a pointed, black witchs hat suddenly popped onto her head out of nowhere.  She was suddenly clad all in black, and seemed to have aged as well, so that she looked quite a bit older.  She turned and started hitting her husband with her purse until the poor, stunned man retreated down the mall with the witch in hot pursuit.
Our hero sat in shock, gaping at what he had just seen.  It couldnt be!  And yet it was!  The plump fairy had said he would have three days of judgment.  Had she given him the power to pass judgment on people that would instantly come true?  It was impossible for his trained, legal mind to accept such a thing.  Yet he also could not deny what he had seen.
He decided to check it out.  Since he was getting a bit hungry, he got up and went to the food court.  He went up to a Mexican fast food place, where a surly looking woman with a perpetual scowl on her face asked, Whatll it be?  Without thinking (and before ordering), the man judged her to be an uncouth person who would be far better as a prison guard than a server at a fast food place.
Instantly the scowl on the womans face turned to an ugly frown.  She picked up a bowl full of sour cream and threw it in the judges face.  Then she said, I quit!  Id rather go work in a prison than stay here!
You would think that having a bowl of sour cream thrown in his face would have made our hero angry.  In reality however, he was elated.  The ladys behavior had confirmed the unbelievable truth of the fairys gift.  Any judgment he made on people would instantly come true!  It was a power the judge had long dreamed of having, but knew it was impossible to obtain.  But now it was possible!  He could pass instant judgment on people and give them exactly what they deserved.  He was ecstatic.
Excitedly the judge wiped the sour cream off his face and contemplated what he should do with his new found gift.  The fairy had said he would only have three days of judgment.  What a pity he wouldnt still have the gift when he went back to work in his courtroom.  But he would make the best use of it during the three days he had it.
After a moments reflection, the man decided the most appropriate recipients of his new gift should be his fellow judges and clerks at the courthouse, since he had long since concluded that they were all stupid.  So he rushed out to his car and over to the courthouse.
He first went into the observers section of the courtroom where the chief judge was presiding over a complicated partnership dispute.  Although he smiled and waved to the chief judge on the bench (who frowned in return), he also said to himself under his breath, He has the mental capacity of a kindergartner!
Immediately the chief judges eyes glazed over.  Then he turned to the clerk and said, Whens recess?
The startled clerk replied, Its whenever you want to call one, your honor.
Goody! cried the chief judge, jumping up on top of his podium.  Lets all go to recess! he cried in glee.  Im first on the monkey bars!  Then he jumped off the podium in front of the startled attorneys and crowd, and raced out the door.
Snickering in pleasure, our hero went to the next courtroom where another one of his fellow judges was presiding over a heated divorce dispute.  Our hero liked this judge even less than the chief judge.  Upon entering the courtroom, he immediately said to himself, Hes nothing but a bird brain!
Instantly, the judge jumped out of his chair, flapped his arms, and tried to fly.  Then he started pecking at all the attorneys in the room, and at the divorcing couple.  Our hero smiled joyously to himself at the uproar that the judge was causing, then went to the next courtroom to dispense his gift once more.
Within a few minutes the courthouse was in an uproar.  The oldest judge had been turned into an old goat, and went around bleating and butting into people.  Clerks were throwing paper airplanes at each other or babbling incoherently like idiots (since thats what our hero judged most of them to be).  More than one of the contesting parties in court was now wandering the halls as a dodo bird, while others were staggering about as mindless oafs, who frequently tripped over the dodo birds.
The only ones who had been little altered by our heros judgments were the attorneys, all of whom he had judged to be ego-maniacs.  They stood around preening themselves, bragging, and putting each other down the same as always (this was one of our heros few judgments that was accurate).
After making a madhouse of the court building, our hero decided to go home and share the joys of his new found power with all of his despised neighbors.  Soon the neighborhood gossip on his street had sprouted elephant ears, the neighborhood grump had turned into an ugly old crab, and most of the kids in the neighborhood had turned into an assortment of rats, cockroaches and low down skunks.  The man noticed that his judgments of people would wear off in half an hour, and the judged person would then return to their normal self.  When this occurred, if the judge were still watching them, he would gleefully judge them again, and then watch in satisfaction as they blundered about in the form of whatever creature he had judged them to be.
When the man went to bed that he night, he sighed in complete contentment.  He couldnt remember when he had had a more satisfying day.  He dropped off to sleep with a smile on his face, and dreamed the night through with visions of judging people to get exactly what they deserved.
The next morning, the man rose excitedly for the new day.  Stepping out onto his porch, he saw the paperboy approaching, late as usual.  He immediately judged him to be a slobbering, baby-faced brat.  To his surprise, the boy kept coming and didnt change at all.  He wasnt slobbering, and his face hadnt changed to look like a baby.  What had gone wrong?
The boy rode his bike up the mans front walk and handed him his paper.  Here you are, sir, he said politely.  However, the boy was thinking that the man was a sour faced old egghead.
Instantly, the man felt a strange sensation across his face, as if it were being stretched and wrinkled at the same time.  Thank you, boy, he said thickly.  He had a strange taste of egg in his mouth.
The boys eyes grew as big as saucers, and he stared at the mans face.  Then with a yelp he pedalled off on his bike as fast as he could go.
Shaking his head at the boys odd behavior, the man went back inside.  However, when he happened to glance in the hall mirror, he was shocked at the bizarre transformation that had somehow happened to his face.  It was all screwed up in a sour expression as if he had just gulped down a gallon of unsweetened lemon juice.  In addition, his whole head was swollen into the shape of an egg!  And when he felt his head, it felt soft, as if it was hard boiled!
Of course the man didnt know anything about what the paperboy had thought, so he was completely mystified as to what had happened to his head.  He grabbed a hand mirror from the bathroom and sat around staring at himself and trying to figure out what had happened for a full half hour.  At the end of that time, to his amazement, the sour look on his face disappeared, and his head changed from a soft egg shape back to its normal rock hard peanut shape.
Still mystified, the man decided to go to the mall again to wave at people who had appeared in his courtroom.  On his way there, he judged several people to be reckless or foolish drivers, but none of them changed their driving habits at all.  However, as he approached a yellow light, when he tried to speed up to make it through the intersection before it changed to red, he found that he was completely unable to do so.  Unknown to him, another driver had judged him to be one of those super slow drivers who couldnt go fast if they wanted to.  Our hero had to screech to a stop and wait cursing for the light to change.  After that he drove slowly to the mall, unable to go nearly as fast as he would have liked, no matter how hard he tried.
After reaching the mall, the man took up his regular bench and started looking for familiar faces.  He soon spotted a man he had ruled against in a property dispute.  He smiled and waved, but judged him to be a greedy, frenzied man who would do anything to get property or money.  Our hero was very disappointed when the mans behavior didnt change at all.  What was wrong?  The fairy had said he would have three days of judgment, but it seemed he had only had one.
However, the man who he waved to had now seen the judge.  He frowned, and immediately judged him to be a complete moron.  Instantly, our heros thinking became muddled and so confused that he no longer knew who he was or what he was doing in the mall.  He got up and started staggering about, getting into peoples way, knocking things over, and generally making a nuisance of himself.  This lasted for half an hour, when suddenly he came back to his senses.  He found that he was standing knee deep in the malls fountain, and was holding a garbage bag that was dripping something stinky.  He had no idea where the bag had come from, or why he was holding it.
In embarrassment at the sniggers of the passersby (some of whom recognized him and smiled and waved), he quickly got out of the fountain.  However, before he had taken two steps, one of those who recognized him (who was another person he had ruled against in his courtroom), said under their breath, that guy is a bug-eyed creep!
Instantly, the judges eyes grew as big as saucers, and he dropped to the ground and began to creep around on the floor.  He just couldnt help himself!  He kept this up for half an hour while everyone stared and pointed and laughed.  Worst of all, since his mentality hadnt been judged this time, his mind was as alert and active as ever.  He tried desperately to make his eyes less wide, or to stop creeping along the floor, but he just couldnt do it.  And he couldnt figure out why.
Finally, after half an hour, his eyes went back to normal and he was able to get up off the floor.  However he was still at the mall with lots of people around, and another person who had been in his courtroom (and lost their case), said to themselves, What an idiot!  Hes got less brain power than a mosquito!  
Instantly, the mans thoughts turned to mush, and for the next half hour he stumbled through the mall doing stupid things.  He would snatch ladies purses off them and dump the contents on the floor, or stoop down and untie peoples shoes, or pick up store merchandise and throw it at people.  Finally, he was escorted out of the mall by security, and when he came to himself at the end of half an hour, he found that he was in a large garbage bin, gleefully tossing its putrid contents over his head.
The man was very shaken by this time.  He still didnt know what was wrong, but something clearly was.  He decided to go home, and slunk off to his car as quietly as he could.  However, right as he was reaching it, he ran into a lady who he had ruled against in a child custody matter.  With undisguised venom (and a good deal more honesty than most of his enemies), she went up to him and said viciously, You are a jerk!
Instantly the mans head began to twist and jerk uncontrollably. He kept jerking and jerking like crazy.  Meanwhile the lady had gotten a whiff of his garbage soaked clothes, and said in disgust, You also stink to high heaven!  Since the man already smelled bad, this judgment had no effect, at least here on earth (however we can presume that for the next half hour in heaven, all the angels had to go around with clothespins on their noses).
Because the lady had spoken her judgment out loud, the man finally understood what had been happening.  Naturally he was extremely angry at the fairy for having given him such a bum deal.  It just wasnt fair!  How dare she subject himHIM of all peopleto the menial, childish judgments of other people!  After all, he was a trained judge and knew how to give good and accurate judgments.  But the rank and file people he met on the street obviously had no idea how to judge correctly.
The more the man thought about it, the madder he got.  As he drove home (jerking all the way), he became so angry at the fairy that he decided to file a criminal information against her so she would be arrested.  But in his heart he knew this was useless, since she was, after all, a fairy, and wouldnt likely be found.
After taking a long shower (during the first part of which his head kept jerking uncontrollably) the man spent the rest of the day at home with the shades drawn, and refused to open the door to anyone.  He knew if he answered the door, whoever was there may judge him, and he would probably be in trouble.  Fortunately for him, no one else saw him for the rest of the day.  (No one ever came to his home unless they had to, since everybody hated him)  He went to bed that night still fuming at the fairy.  He knew there was one more day of judgment left, and wasnt sure what the next day would bring.
The next morning, the man got up in somewhat better spirits.  So, yesterday had been a disaster.  The day before had been wonderful!  Maybe this third day of judgment would be a good day.
In a short while, the man looked out the window and saw the paper boy pedalling down the street, throwing papers into flowerbeds, bushes and occasionally onto the porches of the people on his route.  The mans lip curled in snide distaste, and he judged the boy to be a goofy looking clutz who couldnt do anything right.  The boy remained unchanged, but immediately the man felt a strange sensation coming over him.  His arms and legs suddenly felt awkward, and he stumbled over his shoelaces.  His face felt strange too.  Staggering over to the mirror, (which took far more effort than it ever had), he was shocked to see that his tongue was lolling uncontrollably out of his mouth, one eye was opened wider than the other, and his nostrils kept twitching.  To his horror, he realized that he was goofy lookingwhat he had judged of the paper boy had come on himself!  Try as he might, he could not pull his tongue in his mouth, or stop his nostrils from twitching.  He stumbled toward the living room, but tripped and knocked over the hall lamp on his way.  Cursing, he staggered to his feet.  He had never felt like such a clutz.
For the next half hour he couldnt do anything right, no matter how hard he tried.  He burned the toast, burned his fingers, broke dishes, broke his mirror, and knocked over (and broke) his new flat screen TV.
Finally, the half hour ended, and he was back to his normal horrible self.  He was so mad at the fairy he couldnt see straight.  How dare she put the judgments he passed on others (which he was sure were always justified) back on him!  That just wasnt fair!  After all, if he judged someone else to be an oaf or an idiot, it was because they deserved it!  He, of all people, did not deserve it.  All morning long the man grumbled and cursed to himself.  He also kept away from all windows, since he knew if he saw someone else and judged them, hed be the loser.
However, it was hard for him to not look out the windows to see what the neighbors were doing, and to overcome his old habits of judging them, which he loved to do so much.  While walking into the kitchen, he happened to glance out the window and see Mrs. McGruder, the neighborhood gossip.  Without thinking he judged her to be an old busybody who had to share every tidbit of gossip with everyone she knew.  In horror, he then found himself rushing to the phone with an overpowering urge to call everyone he knew and gossip to them.  He tried with all his strength to hold himself back, but it was just no use.  He called up the Chief Judge (who was not happy to hear from him) and told every tidbit of gossip he knew of in the courthouse.  He told how one of their fellow judges would sometimes sneak off during work hours to play golf, and of how the clerks would often throw darts at a picture of the Chief Judge (when he was away from the courthouse, of course).
He then called another judge (who was also not happy to hear from him), and told how the Chief Judge had a secret stash of booze in his office.  After that he called the clerks one by one and told them all about which clerks secretly disliked which other clerks, and also which clerks had crushes on the new single judge that just started there last month.
At the end of the half hour when the man finally put the phone down in relief, the entire courthouse was in an uproar.  He didnt know how he could possibly face going back to work the next week.  Since he was now more determined than ever to avoid seeing (and judging) someone else out the window, the man rushed through the house pulling all the blinds shut so he couldnt see out of any of them.
The man brooded and fumed most of the day, calling the fairy every name in the book (under his breath of course, since he knew she was very powerful and might hear him).  Then in the late afternoon, an incredible thought occurred to him.  If he judged others negatively and immediately experienced the result of his judgment, wouldnt it also work in reverse?   If he were to judge someone in a positive way (which was rather a horrifying thought), wouldnt that also immediately come true for him?
He instantly knew that he had to try it.  But he was also repulsed by the thought.  He couldnt think of anyone he had ever met that deserved a positive judgment.  It seemed hypocritical to judge someone favorably when he knew it was a lie. But then he realized that HE deserved positive judgments, even though no one else did.  So he decided to judge others positively for himself, not for them.
He went to the window and looked out to see if there was anyone he could judge.  At first there was no one, but then he spied his neighbor Charlie Groots.  It was only with supreme effort that he suppressed the urge to judge Charlie negatively in half a dozen different ways.  It wasnt easy.  Finally, grasping at straws, he said to himself, Charlie sure smiles a lot.
Instantly a smile came over his own face.  Try as he might, he couldnt get rid of it.  But no matter.  Now that he knew how to gain from this third day of the fairys gift, he decided to go to the mall where he could find more people to judge (who hopefully would not be as hard to judge in a positive way as Charlie had been).
Once he reached the mall, he took up his regular bench. After a moment, he spotted a man who had appeared in his courtroom as a defendant.  Although the judge despised the man and had often thought to himself that he was stupid, today he thought to himself, There goes an incredibly wise man.
Instantly, the judge felt little shoots of wisdom popping back and forth in his head.  He rather regretted his choice of wisdom as the positive judgment, since he wisely began to realize many of his own weaknesses and prejudices, which wasnt pleasant.  He would be more careful next time.
For the rest of the evening, the man experienced one of the most unusual times of his life.  Based on positive judgments of people he saw, he became an opera singer, a brilliant physicist, a statesman as noble as Abe Lincoln, the most handsome man in his town, and a few dozen other amazing things that he had always yearned for and always knew secretly that he deserved.
In addition to all this, however, the man made a startling discovery.  After awhile of looking for the good in people, rather than the bad, he began to notice things that he had never seen before.  He saw kindness and caring, poise, strength and dignity in others that he never knew was there.  It was shocking to realize that all the louts and incompetents he saw everywhere also had some good points too.
All too soon, the mall closed and the man had to leave.  Rather than go home, he went to an all night caf and had a ball judging positive judgments until the fairys gift ended at midnight.  During his time in the caf he became an artist as great as Picasso, the kindest man in the world, a genius greater than Einstein, a computer whizz, and the most astute political analyst ever born.  All in all, it was a most pleasant evening.  Somehow, looking at people in a positive way (even if he was convinced the positive judgments were all false) was very uplifting and refreshing.  It just made him feel good all over, a sensation he had not often felt.
The next morning, the man lay in bed a long time after he woke up, contemplating what had happened over the last three days of judging.  He dimly perceived that there was a lesson in it somewhere, but wasnt entirely sure he wanted to admit it or learn from it.  He finally resolved that although there might be some merit to positive judgments, he was still duty bound to judge people in ways that they deserved.  The next week when he returned to work, he was back to his old normal self (however, all that day he had constant visits from staff members, wanting to know more gossip).  His three day judgment gift from the fairy was all but forgotten, other than a criminal information that he filed against her for improper dispensing of fairy gifts.

MORALS:

1  If everyone instantly became what others judged them to be, only dog owners would do well.
2  If judgments only impacted those who made them, this would be a much more pleasant world.
3  Ignoring other peoples judgments of us may sometimes be the best judgment about ourselves that we can make.  


CHAPTER EIGHT

THE PERFECT PORTAL

Once there was an inventor who came up with what he thought was the perfect invention.  It was called the 'Perfect Portal,' and had the power to instantly transform whoever walked through it into a perfect person.  It was built to be walked through, like a short tunnel--and the inventor made sure to make it particularly large at the entrance to accommodate fat people.  Of course, everyone who went through it would come out the other side at the perfect weight, so the far end of the tunnel was not as wide as the front part.
The inventor decided that testing it with lab rats would be too generous of a thing to do for disgusting rats, so the first living thing he sent through it was his pet cat, Fluffy.  She went waltzing through the tunnel meowing her head off, and came out the other side the same way--since, as everyone knows (except the inventor), cats are perfect creatures to start with, and cannot be improved in any way.
The inventor next decided to try it on his mother-in-law, who had the nasty habit of always calling him a 'no-good, lazy so-and-so.'  He wasn't sure he should tell her what the tunnel really was, just in case anything went wrong.  So he walked around the tunnel to the far end and put a delicious looking piece of chocolate cake there, where anyone looking through the tunnel would see it.  Then he called his mother-in-law, who happened to be visiting at the time, and pointed at the entrance to the tunnel.  She was a rather plump lady (due to her fondness for chocolate), but as soon as she saw the cake at the far end she raced through to the other side at an amazing speed for someone of such ample girth.
Coming around to the far end of the tunnel, the inventor was astounded to see that his invention had worked!  His mother-in-law was no longer fat, and now looked dazzlingly beautiful in spite of her age.  But the perfection she had gained extended to more than just her appearance.  She looked at the inventor with a benign smile and said, "My boy, what a treasure my daughter has in you!  I'm so glad you two got married."  Then she ignored the chocolate cake (since, being perfect, she knew it was not good for her) and walked out the door in search of others she could share her perfection with.
The inventor was ecstatic.  He happily shared his discovery with his wife, who promptly balled him out for changing the personality of her 'dear, sweet mother' so much that she was nearly unrecognizable not only physically, but in respect to her personality.  His wife flatly refused to walk through the tunnel herself since she feared the changes it might make in her, and told him to go share it with his lousy colleagues at the university.  (However, she used different words that are best not repeated without inviting censorship)
The inventor thought this was a great idea, so he raced over to the university.  The first person he encountered there was his old rival, Dr. Blessed, who was constantly putting him down in sly ways, and showing off  to everyone in self-effacing ways that made him look as if he was very humble.  Dr. Blessed treated the inventor's perfect portal with disdain, then quickly disappeared into his own office to see if he could invent one just like it.  The inventor was too happy to pay much heed to Dr. Blessed's rudeness, so he promptly shared his discovery with all of the other professors in the faculty lounge.  They scoffed at him and called him names out of sheer jealousy, since they all secretly knew that his inventions always worked.  Naturally, they refused to even go to his house to see the marvelous invention, and the poor inventor walked out of the faculty lounge with a long face.
But down the corridor from the faculty lounge was the student lounge, and immediately upon his announcing the perfect portal to the students there, they all wanted to walk through it without delay.  This was because final exams were next week and most of them hadn't studied.  A long line of students followed the inventor home and one by one they all walked through the perfect portal and were instantly changed into perfect people.
Surprisingly however, none of the students wanted to go back to the university and study for exams, since their perfect minds now had perfect recall and they all knew they would score 100% on their exams without any effort.  Indeed, incredible as it was for the inventor to watch, most of them seemed to be unhappy at the transformation that had come over them.  They now knew that if they went water skiing they could do it perfectly, if they tried out for the opera they could sing perfectly, if they tried to fix a car they could do it perfectly, and if they tried to walk blindfolded across a trapeze wire far above the earth, they wouldn't fall because they had perfect balance.  The students all looked perfectly grumpy and sad, since they felt they had somehow been cheated out of something.  Indeed, being perfect, they knew what that something was--the opportunity to create their perfection day by day through toil and effort, rather than having it handed to them on a silver platter.  They politely thanked the inventor and then excused themselves to go home and sit on the edge of their beds and try to think of something to do that was worth doing--since they knew they could do everything so perfectly there was no longer any challenge in doing anything at all.
The inventor was dumfounded at the effect his perfect portal had on the students, when to his surprise who should appear at the door of his lab but his arch rival and nemesis, Dr. Blessed.  He had come to spy on the marvelous invention and see if he could copy it, since he was a bit too lazy to spend the next seven years inventing it from scratch as our inventor had done.  Dr. Blessed congratulated the inventor on the fine appearance of the perfect portal, then asked if he had been through it himself.  When the inventor admitted he hadn't but had seen it work on others, Dr. Blessed scoffed at him and ridiculed him for lacking faith in his own invention.  Irritated at the truth of what Dr. Blessed had said, the inventor responded that he would happily go through the tunnel if Dr. Blessed went with him.  Instantly fearful, but knowing he had no choice if he wanted to keep up his false sense of superiority to the inventor, Dr. Blessed agreed.
And so, arm in arm, the two walked into the tunnel.  The inventor suddenly felt very uneasy, and wondered if he had made a horrible mistake in going through it, and even inventing it in the first place.  Dr. Blessed was so fearful of the changes it might cause in his personality (since he already considered himself perfect, and did not believe he could be improved in any way), that he began to suspect that the tunnel did not change people to perfection at all, but merely transformed their personalities in weird ways, leaving them deformed for life.  With these horrible fears playing on both of their minds, but equally unwilling to back out because of their vanity and pride, the two men proceeded to the end of the tunnel.
The transformation that came over each of them as they emerged from the perfect portal was overwhelming.  Dr. Blessed felt instantly relieved to finally be free of the constant need to show off to prove that he was a valuable person, and thanked the inventor sincerely for what he had done.  But the inventor's change to perfection had an unusual effect on him.  He instantly realized that his invention was not perfect after all since it took away from people the opportunity to work towards perfection on their own, leaving them feeling empty and unable to appreciate the gift they had received.  He realized that only someone who truly had done his part to earn his perfection would know how to handle it, and enjoy it.  Receiving it any other way left people yearning for their old imperfections which they had never truly overcome.  Such yearnings naturally meant that the supposedly perfect person was not truly perfect after all.  
The inventor was naturally disheartened at this realization, since he had hoped to spare people all the trouble of working to become perfect.  But now he realized that even though imperfect people make mistakes, this is necessary for them to make meaningful progress toward perfection.  In fact, he realized that without the ability to make mistakes, it would be very hard for people to learn or progress at all.  And while no person could become perfect by their own efforts alone, everyone could achieve it eventually with the ongoing help of the only perfect person to have ever walked the earth--Jesus Christ--who could fill in the gaps for them and make them clean again when they made bad choices.  Christ would also show them what to do with their perfection once they achieved it, so they wouldn't be resentful and wonder what to do with themselves once they were perfect like the students were doing now.
Having this perfect knowledge, the inventor realized he needed to quickly invent an 'Imperfect Restoration' machine to restore all those who had passed through the perfect portal to their prior selves.  And since he was perfect, he was able to create this invention in a matter of minutes, with a few simple tweeks of the 'Perfect Portal' itself.  Then he quickly searched until he had found his mother-in-law and all of the students who had walked through the tunnel, and made them walk through it again.  As each emerged from the far end, they all thanked the inventor profusely for restoring them to their prior imperfect selves.  Then all of the students went quickly back to the student lounge where they took up where they had left off in complaining about final exams, but without making any effort to study.  Meanwhile, the inventor's mother-in-law started squawking at the top of her voice about how the inventor was a 'no good, lazy so-and-so,' and charged off to tell her daughter all about it.  The inventor's wife was naturally very pleased to get her mother back, and made a big chocolate cake for the inventor as a reward.  And since the inventor had also walked through the 'Imperfect Restoration' portal and been restored to his prior, imperfect self, he knew he could eat as much chocolate cake as he wanted even though doing so was contrary to his diet and would make him fat.
But as for Dr. Blessed, he refused to walk through the device again.  Having tried in vain all his life to pass himself off to everyone as a perfect know-it-all, he couldn't stand the thought of losing the joyous freedom from showing off that had come over him upon becoming perfect.  He resigned his professorship at the university and went to live with a primitive tribe of pygmies in the south pacific, teaching them how to weave perfect baskets for tourists.

MORALS:

1  Perfection is a worthy goal, but can only be appreciated and handled by those who achieve it through a combination of their own efforts and the help of Jesus Christ, the only perfect person who ever walked the earth.
2  If you buy a basket made in the south pacific by pygmies, you can rest assured it is perfect.
3  You should bow down to every cat you meet, which is naturally just what they expect you to do whether you do it or not.

If you would like to contact the author, mailto:ereltso@gmail.com.

ALSO PUBLISHED BY E. RELTSO ON SMASHWORDS:

The Anti-Stupidity Book

Stupidity.  What is it?  Is it just something we see our neighbours and members of the opposite political party do?  Or is it something more?  Why does it seem to be so universal?  Are there fundamentals of stupidity that can be recognized?

These are the questions discussed in this volume.  It present six fundamentals of stupidity that lead to the stupid choices we see all around us.  Included among these are the belief that there are no moral values, that God does not exist, and that it is acceptable to become addicted and to treat each other badly and be proud.  In the end, we see that the only sure way to avoid the fundamentals of stupidity is through the saving power of Jesus Christ.
