Genation Earth Volk
By Robert A. Hunt
Smashwords Edition
 Copyright 2012 Robert A. Hunt

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Amazon.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Dedication;
This book is dedicated to my wife, Tina, who supported me in writing this book even when we were in high school. She is exquisitely lovely with such radiant splendor and beauty over any viking maiden of acute brilliance there ever was. Blessed am I to have had the pleasure of knowing such fairness and delicate magnificence as hers. We have been through so much together and we keep our relationship new and refreshed through our deep connection. Tina continues to inspire me everyday. I love and respect her with great gratitude in my heart.

Introduction

Science Fiction and Fantasy are exhilarating expressions for both readers and writers alike. Writers reach to become futurologists as they practise forecasting trends or developments in science and technology, or the next phase for political or social structures.
Science has a long way to go as magic became a term used between people who wished to keep to tradition and those who strive to understand our limits and push them further. The development of secret science caused people to believe in magic. 
Another path for science to understand is spiritual frequencies. Frequencies are just a fraction of the unseen realities present in our day to day lives. As we isolate and understand the aspects of unseen realities, our perception of what science is will change and our minds will open wider to accompany a wider sense of thought and possibilities.
How will unseen realities affect our day to day lives? Be prepared for the old ways will pass away and our life styles will change. Things will not always seem to get better, but we have the potential to make our world a better place to live in.
Change usually starts with the planting of a few new ideas. A new idea is like a seed. If taken care of properly, it will grow. Ask anyone who has lived a long life and they will tell you there is something new to learn everyday so cut loose any arrogance you might have of closed in, narrow minded thought and let your imagination free. Liberate the world we live in as together we push the boundaries of limitations for truly the sky is the limit for all mankind.
I would like to see the category, Science Fiction, become known as Inspired Visionary Fables. Just as one story teller inspires another, so a true visionary can inspire the world we live in with the powerful seed of a fable.
I am blessed to have lived long enough to bring a story to fruition which has been a big part of my life for so long. What we think is not supposed to stay in our heads, it is to be shared with the rest of the world.
Thank you for letting me share Genation with you.

Robert A. Hunt

Prologue
It's Genation Time

Where does time and space start? And where will it end? Let me tell you how it works. Time and space is mathematical and separate. It is an all encompassing energy of existence in motion, from the alpha to the omega. Time and space started from one place, at one moment, and it is leaving a trail of history. The future is not set, it is what we make it and the same is true with the past. So we have time and space and how it is perceived by those caught up in it, who are the living.
Humans experience the passing of time as sometimes fast and sometimes slow depending on how involved they are with current activities. Some ancient Greek philosophers believed that time is an illusion and reality unchanging and motionless. Christianity teaches that time and space are created by God and everything is destined to end one day in terrifying devastation. Supposedly, fortune-tellers or psychics have the ability to see into acts of ones personal history or future. Isaac Newton believed in a time and space that were absolute, ideal, and unchanging. His version was overthrown by Albert Einsteins theories of relativity, which required people to think of a space-time combination in which all manner of strange things could happen that contradicted common sense.
Common sense tells us that time, unlike space, extends in only one direction: forward. Spontaneous events in nature, which tend to work in a chronological order, seem to prove this observation. Albert Einsteins special theory of relativity challenged all conventional ideas about time. Einsteins general theory of relativity predicted that clocks run slower in the presence of a gravitational field. This is called time dilation where a clock in space runs faster than an identical clock on Earth, where gravity is stronger. Both Einsteins predictions concerning time dilation have been experimentally confirmed. Today scientists no longer consider time as an independent, constant entity, but as one aspect of an interdependent space-time continuum. They know that the time measured by a clock depends on where the clock is and how fast it is moving in relation to the observer. Time is capable of fluctuating.
To date, humans have not found any success in manipulating time. Perhaps it is far too complex for our comprehension. Time is not only mathematical and intelligent, it is a living energy, mastered on what we would perceive as a spiritual level. Unbelievable? This concept is not for humans to understand, though we strive to nonetheless. 
Space, though deathly cold, is full of life. Our little planet is a significantly small part of a monumentally larger picture. Other intelligent creatures who share our space are still searching for answers to the same big questions we have. Though they are no closer in finding the answers, some of the creatures are leaps and bounds ahead of us.
Humans have become arrogant at the top of the food chain of this planet Earth. We have become blinded to how far we can still progress. If we were visited by another species, like Volks, we would see the disadvantage we would truly be at. To be discovered by such a species as Volks, who have mysteriously passed through space and time to reach us would start speculations of how the arrogant humans might soon find themselves slaves to a master alien race. This is our government's secret fear for it would mean relinquishing all authority. 
The Genation nebula, which is found at the center of all existence, is an accumulated energy with intelligence. We humans are born into a world of discoveries. It is only our arrogance which leads us to believe all we have seen and heard is all there is. As we search time and space we will find more questions than answers. Some of the discoveries from larger perspectives will provide answers to unsolved mysteries of our history.
Genation is not God, but the power within it is certainly God-like only because we lack the scientific knowledge behind it. The highly intelligent Morguldean space explorers have been studying Genation ever since they detected it. They are mostly focused on the aspect of time altering space. The reason the Morguldeans and Volks know Genation is the center of all creation is because everything in space is not only moving but it is all moving away from Genation. This makes Genation the center where a supreme intelligence may calculate a demonstration of creation through a cipher language using power over matter and anti-matter bound for a system of progression of first to last in a space-time combination throughout a Chronological time-line.

Prepare yourself to open your mind to a whole new world.
Prepare yourself for Genation.

Chapter 1

The depths of space was like a forever midnight, stretching out into a timeless eternity, never meeting with the break of day. 
Opening his eyes wearily, Eddy Evon recognized his surroundings. He was amidst the quiet buzzing cock-pit of his space craft, the Zandith Crockmior L/X. This space craft was a synthetic organism created from a technology far beyond human capability. Though Eddy Evon was not human, he no less felt very much alone. Still a little fuzzy about events before he blacked out, Eddy gave his head a shake and tried to connect the dots.
Grizz, where could he have gone? Eddy wondered, examining the interior of the tight confinements of the craft. The last thing Eddy could remember was nearing a strange alien space station with his co-pilot, Grizz, at his side. Eddy didnt expect to find any sign of life in the twin nebula of Genation before they entered it, but a swarm of living, glowing blue spheres moved from the nebula and showered the Zandith Crockmior L/X, before Eddy lost consciousness from a telepathic overload. 
Only a space craft equipped with the capability of generating enunamic reality fields would be able to travel the incredible distance past countless galaxies to the Genation nebula. To travel faster than multiple light years, and to protect the pilots from the immense force and energy required to make the distance in a short time, the Zandith Crockmior L/X had to have enunamic field technology.
With the appearance of a wasp insect, fifteen meters in length, the Zandith Crockmior was just one of countless designs to navigate remote areas of deep space. When traveling, the wings flapped in a blur of motion and lit up with a soft blue light of power. The energy from the wings charged the enunamic fields. 
Colored with deep yellow and black, the Zandith Crockmior's long thin legs remained folded up underneath. The wings established the enunamic reality field as the two pilots were situated on their fronts upon organic prop supports within the head or cock pit of the organic space craft.
Eddy was decorated in specialized army gear, custom designed for the form of a volk. He also wore grey and black camouflage pants and a black sleeveless bullet proof vest. Designed by humans for the feet of volks, Eddy also wore heavy military boots. Clasped to his left fore-arm was a dark metal device. The body of a volk was somewhat human-like in form, but not enough to pass as human, for they had grey skin with a tint of blue from head to toe. They had twin spines and flat bony rippling plates on their fore-arms and shoulders. On the average, a volk ranges between the heights of eight to ten feet tall and they are extraordinarily large due to their bone size and muscle capacity. This particular volk, Eddy, was average for a typical volks stature. Hair does not grow on the skin of volks and their eyes are black, blacker than space beyond Genation. With small pointed ears and powerful chiseled features, Eddy felt a deep warning cast over him like a shadow of evil next to the light of pure bliss. The shadow of evil was felt on a telepathic level for the red swirl of the Genation nebula and the light of pure bliss was felt for the opposite twin blue swirl.
The side of Eddys face hurt as he realized since Grizz had left, the blue spheres were no longer a threat. Did the blue spheres take Grizz somehow? 
With his black knights helmet removed Grizzs matted dark hair grew in over the outskirts of his face with sweat sticking strands to his skin. Grizzs skin was mostly human, though a few portions of the grey volk skin had been graphted in amongst the human skin. Scars lined Grizzs face like a road map. Thick eye brows grew from his muscled brow and stubble discolored Grizzs chin and jaw. Though a strength and deep anger and pain were detected in the eyes of Grizz, so also was a sense of how, mentally, he would always be more human-like than volk.
Evon. Eddy called out before a miniature flying robot emerged quickly from his ear and circled about in a wide arc before slowing to a stop, facing Eddy.
MY LORD, YOU WENT UNCONSCIOUS BY THE WILL OF THE INTELLIGENT BLUE ENERGY BEINGS. The robot explained with reference to the glowing blue spheres. WE WERE LURED INTO THE ALIEN SPACE STATION AND GRIZZ TRIED TO AWAKEN YOU.
Eddy gently placed his hand on his tender and swollen cheek. Why did Grizz leave the Zandith Crockmior? Eddys voice was deep and forthright as he peered out through the view shield. The craft was indeed within a cargo hold of the alien space station. 
The compartment outside was taller than it was wide in an octagonal shape. The metal material of the walls was of a strange shimmering energy. Attached to the walls was a number of heavy duty, semi robotic arms. A couple of the arms were stretched out and holding the Zandith Crockmior securely in place.
GRIZZ WAS LURED OUT OF THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR AS THE ALIENS HERE USED A SOPHISTICATED TELEPATHIC SUGGESTION TO CONVINCE HIM TO DO SO. The little robotic sertz was as helpful as it could be, but Eddy considered whether or not to go after Grizz. He had already risked so much to get to where he was and Grizz may very well be compromising Eddys goal to return home to the planet Verticus. Unable to forget how Grizz was like a brother to him, Eddy knew going home alone was not an option.
Deciding to leave the Zandith Crockmior, Eddy slipped out through the mouth of the Zandith Crockmior to the weightlessness of the space station. Smelling the surprisingly well filtered air, Eddy examined the interior of the cargo hold. As he looked around he noticed something metal which he instantly recognized.
Under the wasp-like space craft, Zandith Crockmior, Eddy found his old trusty double bladed axe still clutched in the claws of the Zandith Crockmior. Taking the axe and handling it in his hands as he examined it, Eddy reflected on how his old trusty axe had come through for him so many times in the past. The solid metal axe was too large to be handled by any man.
Catching Eddys eye, he looked down to the floor, past the blade of his axe, to the strange energy traveling through the intricately woven metal. Using all of his senses one by one, Eddy looked for clues where to begin looking for Grizz.
A telepathic notion told him to look past a series of tall crystal cylinders. Though Eddy approached the crystal cylinders with his axe, the thought never crossed his mind to chop and destroy his way through the alien space station. Gently leaning his axe against the wall, Eddy worked his powerful volk fingers between the center of the crystal cylinders. Flexing and forcing his powerful volk strength, Eddy, with the drive of a diesel engine, spread the crystal cylinders apart like a curtain.
What he saw on the other side was like a giant tunnel section of a short stretch of road way. At each end of the road was a swirling portal of energy. Giant alien creatures were materializing out from one swirl at high speed and running or sometimes even flying through to the other swirl where they darted in fearlessly and dematerialized. The short stretch of road was like a two lane highway and the creatures who used it were not easy to see because they were traveling through so quickly.
Things are always getting weirder and weirder as I go. Eddy said to himself. I must be dreaming. Slapping himself in the face with the hopes of waking up from a strange dream, Eddy became aware that the fast moving alien creatures had quickly slowed to a stop and turned their great eyes to look at him.
Telepathically, the creatures were even more intrusive and overpowering as they looked through my mind.
The alien creatures were hideously strange. They had bone plated skin with many spikes at random like the armored hide of a crab. Its legs were like pinchers and its single eye cluster was at the end of its long retractable neck. Where its stomach was expected to be it had a great vertical mouth. At the back of the creature was a thick appendage which connected the creature to a great shell where likely was housed its vital organs and brain. The shells were each very different. Some were smooth while others were spiky and rough with a variety of colors. At the bottom of the great shells were spider-like legs. No two aliens looked the same and at the same time it was not easy to tell them apart. 
The high speed activity quickly slowed to a stop as the portals also stopped swirling and became came to a halt like the stillness and depth of space. No one came through the portals from that point and each of the creatures raised their eyes telescopically and fixed their extrasensory attention on Eddy.
Eddy stopped slapping himself realizing he could not wake up because he wasn't sleeping and opened his dark eyes wide at the giant aliens as they moved toward him. Eddy turned to duck back into the cargo hold but a powerful telekinetic force seized his body. The telekinesis seemed to be the invisible extension of the alien creature's clawed hand and held Eddy too tightly at his waist. With his hands on the crystal cylinders, Eddy challenged the strength of the alien creature. Pulling himself into the chamber slightly, Eddy was able to grab hold of the handle of his axe before he was over powered by the alien creature.  
Eddy was pulled out to the crowded roadway where he was tossed. With a controlled tuck and roll landing, Eddy sprang to his feet and brandished his axe in a defensive pose. While fully prepared to protect himself against the ugly creatures, telepathic communication began to ease into his mind, We are Morguldeans. We are superior to you but we do not wish to hurt you. Relinquish your weapon and come with us peacefully and we will take you to your companion.
Eddy replied to the Morguldeans with the same method of telepathy, Your terms are not the same as my own. How about, I keep the weapon and you go find my companion for me. Dont try intimidating me. I dont care how big you are or how smart you think you are. I have come too close to my goal to have the likes of you stand in my way now. With a swagger of confidence and attitude, Eddy could see how his thoughts caused the Morguldeans to consider rethinking their calculations for a moment.
Without hesitation, the Morguldeans moved to attack Eddy, but with equal speed and precision, Eddy swung his axe into action and began lopping limbs off the Morguldeans as they advanced on him. The dismembered large arms and spider legs caused the creatures to reel in pain and clumsily they retreated from Eddy to a distance out of reach.
Eddy eyed the creatures like a fine tuned weapon of expert skill. The wounded Morguldeans collected their severed body parts and began putting them back in place like they would heal up instantly. Even their thick yellowish blood slowly bled back into the wounds. Other Morguldeans held small devises which were used to shine a light on the wounds of the wounded and finalize the healing process. 
All of the Morguldeans reorganized themselves and held new positions brandishing weapons pulled from their shells. The weapons were constructed each with its own variance, but basically they were long golden rods with smaller metal rods twisted in and around them. With the sound of multiple slow raised chirps, the energy weapons of the Morguldeans charged up. Disks formed under the spider legs as some of the Morguldeans rose off the street and traveled over head in the high tunnel. 
That stung, volk. They knew of Eddys species. We can re-attach our severed limbs and heal any wound. It is time we return the favor, and for your sake you better be able to do the same. The Morguldeans blinked with their haunting singular eye lids, never letting Eddy out of their sight.
You want a piece of me? Eddy taunted the Morguldeans, Come over here and take it. Eddy finished by speaking standard words. In no time, the Morguldeans fought like they were as good as new. Eddy began to shout as he ran at the Morguldeans. 
Eddy planned to slide under the Morguldean nearest him as he raised his axe blade enough to score a long laceration and let the internals from the shell hang out from the opening. 
Instead, as Eddy charged at the Morguldean he was suddenly seized and captured with both telepathy and telekinesis. Evon, can you protect me from the mental powers of these creatures? through clenched teeth, Eddy questioned his sertz.
The small robot came shooting out of Eddy's ear and answered, I AM ABLE TO BLOCK THE ABILITIES OF THESE CREATURES, MY LORD.
Block them! Block them! Eddy commanded before he dropped from mid air. Both, the telepathy and telekinesis vanished from any hold over him any further.
Evon, the sertz continued to fly near to Eddy as it resonated a hypersonic frequency which disabled some of the Morguldean's abilities.
Using the slope and spikes of the shell, Eddy climbed up to the top of the wounded Morguldean. As the volk leaped from the shell, one of the hotshot Morguldeans tried to shoot at Eddy, but his weapon missed and only further injured the wounded Morguldean.
From a spinning bound in low G, Eddy elbowed one of the Morguldeans right in its great eye. As he used the leverage from his lightning quick attack, he saw how the eye was a definite weak spot as the entire creature instantly recoiled into its shell with a terrible shriek. Knowing where to strike the creatures to cause them the most pain Eddy quickly round housed the next Morguldean in its eye as he shouted, Evon! Target their eyes.
The little robotic sertz began shooting tiny colorful stars, hitting multiple Morguldeans right in their eye. The Morguldeans quickly recoiled into their shells so quickly and with such force the shells spun around in the low gravity as a field of protective living energy began to glow around them.
Though Eddy was a very large volk with huge muscles which were unproportional to that of human, he was still capable of maneuvers conducted with incredible speed and strength. One after the other, Eddy began striking the Morguldeans eyes rapidly. With each eye that was struck, the Morguldeans would retract instantly into their shells. The Morguldeans quickly realized Eddys plan for a skillful and tactical attack on their eyes and began protecting themselves. Most of them retracted their eyes into their bodies as far as they could so they were still able to see. 
When Eddy leaped through the air again, he landed on the road with a tuck and roll before slipping unnoticed into the crowd and hiding underneath one of the Morguldeans. With the sertz blocking the telepathic attempts of getting inside Eddys mind, the Morguldeans became very agitated. The huge dark portals were active again as they started swirling. As a precaution, many of them backed into the portals at each end of the two lane street. As seconds ticked by, the Morguldeans grew more anxious and paranoid.
Climbing up the back of one of the Morguldean's shells, Eddy straddled it holding on tightly to its spikes. An energy field formed around the entire creature as it lifted off the floor and began to fly. Riding it like a flying turtle, Eddy Lurched forward and became a stowaway along for the ride to where ever as the Morguldean ventured right into one of the rolling black portals.

Instantaneously, Eddy found himself popping out of the other end of the portal where he found himself amongst an entirely different place. He had been transported near the top of the inside of the space stations dome. Far below him was the encased planet of the Morguldeans. Oh, great, now Im really lost. Eddy thought as he took in the magnificent sight of Morguldean civilization far below me. Though Eddy didnt want to remain at such a dangerous altitude above the cities, he wasnt particularly thrilled about descending closer to one of them.
The Morguldean dived down toward the encased planet's surface. They passed by floating mechanical stations and through clouds before a mysterious telepathic message came to Eddy's mind. Follow my voice and you will find me. Spoke a thought to Eddys mind, only this thought was not intrusive as the other Morguldeans had been. This thought was not the same at all. Eddy could relate to the mind behind the thought like it was somehow relative to his own. For a moment he considered the thought came from Grizz, but Grizz was always far too aggressive to be so warm and subtle.
The Morguldean's telescopic cluster eye extended over it's back and gazed at Eddy as Eddy was aware that the Morguldean had received the same telepathic message and it decided to follow the same voice which spoke to Eddy's mind. Lured to a specific building of the Morguldean world, Eddy and the Morguldean were then directed to a specific window.

The whole incident began to bother Eddy as he suspected if this was a method of misleading trickery which had captured Grizz.
Eddy neared the window where they were telepathically directed to, where he noticed someone inside looking out at him from what looked like a control room window. Steadily, the Morguldean carefully brought Eddy near to the window of the dark control room. 
The single being within the control room was not a Morguldean. The dark hooded and cloaked person at the center of the room was actually a human-like body. While Eddy observed from behind the window, he saw the human-like form was very small next to the large alien counters and strange consoles. As though waiting for Eddy to do something, the mysterious person stood looking right back at him. The mysterious person moved forward until he was under the tall counter and Eddy couldnt see him anymore. A hand reached up over the counter and flipped a switch.
The window vanished and the Morguldean used a telekinetic ability to carry Eddy inside. Noticing the inner compartment had gravity, Eddy settled his feet carefully on the counter. Cautiously, Eddy looked at the Morguldean, then down to the cloaked figure and back again. Hello? Eddy spoke to the cloaked figure, carefully placing his axe on the counter. My name is, Eddy Evon. I will not harm you. He spoke in Basic English hoping the creature would respond to the tone of his voice at least.
The cloaked figure waved his hand with a telepathic message for the Morguldean outside the window to depart. When the Morguldean flew away, the window re-appeared. Eddy craned his neck to look over the counter-top. 
Peace, you are welcome here for I would not harm my friends. Spoke a voice from the dark and mysterious hood. You may know me as, Jupacious. The cloaked figure slid his hood back, exposing his face for the first time. Jupacious looked up and a faint light revealed the face of the voice. Jupacious was a volk. When Jupacious pushed back the cowl from over his head and the first thing Eddy realized was how thin and old this volk was. Eddy recognized a strange peace in this volks eyes. If it was a trap, Eddy would be drawn in easily. The eyes of Jupacious were so strange and deep, magnificent and mysterious at the same time. Those eyes Strong but gentle, somehow familiar, looking deep into his soul Those eyes... You do not belong here. I am supposed to be the only volk of this time.
Perhaps it is the both of us who are not supposed to be here. I am not aware of other volks unless they too are time travelers. Eddy spoke with a wise nod of his head. Tell me how you came to be here.
Time traveler, yes, I am also a dimensional traveler. My story is rather unbelievable. I will surely answer any question you care to ask, but because you are new here, I prefer you start with your story. The look in the old volks dark eyes was taunting Eddy to begin opening up.
Ill tell you my story, but Im concerned for my companion. Im searching for Grizz. Do you know where I can find him? Eddy swallowed and squinted his eyes skeptically.
I have been watching him and following where the Morguldeans are taking him. Jupacious answered, and pointed to a three dimensional view screen on the console with perfect clarity. There, they saw the Morguldeans with Grizz in a chamber. Grizz had been bound and put into a clear capsule shaped container. Through the instruments they were able to conduct many scans to assist them as they followed Grizz. The Morguldeans and their scans are harmless. Notice also how your companion, Grizz, is not frightened. We have to wait for them to finish before we can see him.
How can you be so forgiving? The Morguldeans are not good creatures, they are evil. Eddy shook his head with disappointment.
You are new here and you do not yet understand the Morguldeans. They are an honourable race and they can be very helpful to us if you know how to speak to them. Jupacious explained.
Will they want to examine me? Eddy asked nervously.
No, you are a volk. The Morguldeans know our kind through the examinations conducted on me, but this creature, Grizz, is strange. Is he a volk?
Not exactly. Eddy told him.
Jupacious wasnt too interested in Grizz as he waved the thought away. In the meantime I would like for us to talk. You are a stranger to me, yet everyone has a story, where they came from, the places they have been and the creatures they have encountered. I would like very much for you to tell me your tale. Eddy noticed a small object covering the left ear of Jupacious. Pointing at the half round black object at the side of his head, Jupacious said, Your sertz can connect to this and send me your thoughts speedily.
Strange. thought Eddy. This volk seems to know more than I first realized. I cant wait to find out his story. I have only ventured half of the journey set before me. I dont believe Ive completed the known distance of space and time to return to my home, yet this volk is here and he has technology equal to my own. He not only knows of sertz but he knows I have one as well So where is his? Eddy was going to question Jupacious at first but it occurred to him a test of his first expression would tell more than a well worded explanation.
Evon. spoke Eddy as he called for his sertz. From Eddys ear flew the tiny robot.
It was designed with a tiny chiseled floating body with a tiny head directly on top. The head turned as it looked around briefly before it examined Jupacious; finally it slowed to a stop beside Eddy at eye level. It fixed its little red glowing eyes on Eddy. I AM HERE, MY LORD.
Eddy examined the eyes of Jupacious to find a glimmer of surprise or malice but all he found was a smile. Jupacious; amused at the little sertz whom Eddy named Evon, but the sertz only captured his attention for a brief moment before his eyes locked onto Eddy once again. Eddy noticed a strange sense of wonder in the eyes of the old volk.
Pleased by what he saw in Jupacious, Eddy decided to trust his instincts and befriend him. Shifting his gaze to his sertz, Eddy said, I wish to telepathically link with Jupacious. He is wearing a device on his head. I need you to remote interface with this device.
VERY WELL, MASTER. Evon replied loyally. Circling around Eddys head once as it conducted a flight scan before the sertz flew into Eddys ear and began establishing the link.
Peering back at Jupacious, very serious now, Eddy said, I have to start my tale from the beginning. It begins with my father, Mulunac. The link was created and the information from Eddys mind began to transmit. For Eddy it was a time to relive his life before he left it all behind.

It was by design and purpose how life was allowed to continue living. Great heroes, creatures capable of doing impossible feats, have come and gone throughout our history. Amongst the greatest beings to have ever lived was my father.
Mulunac; the leader of a thrustle-T battalion. In a time long set before us on the peaceful planet of Verticus, my father was one of the few who was not only a noble volk serving the planet as a peace keeper under the protective authority and judicial responsibility of thrustle-T, but he was so unique and dedicated to his work, he was appointed first in front-line leadership rank. To accomplish this position, he had to prove himself superior among volks and the thrustle-T. Great was my fathers name and honor.
The armour worn by Mulunac covered a blue energy gel suit. The armour plating was a sparkling metallic red with a thick, clear, smooth finish. Waves of energy pulsed in movements of waves across the impenetrable red armour. Gold lined the edges of the armour and silver wings, framed in gold, pointed high at the sides of his helmet.
Strong features shaped Mulunacs powerful face, and every word he spoke seemed to hold a deeper meaning. His presence was like no other.
Verticus, my home world, a magnificent planet, yet if left to nature, without the help of volk intervention, it would have been destroyed many times over. It would have been not only a broken planet but incinerated all together. Across the surface of this unique world was a huge mechanical brace. It was wrapped around the entire surface of the planet along the equator. The purpose of such planetary prosthetics was primarily to allow the planet Verticus to leave its natural orbit around the sun to keep from venturing too close. At the natural proximity the planet would burn up, for the solar system was at a ripe old age and the sun, at a red giant stage. Besides keeping the planet a safe distance from the sun, the brace of Verticus was also capable of controlling weather conditions and aiding the planet in the calming of natural disasters. Nature can be a stubborn one to get along with no matter how much control one might establish over it. Weather tends to make its own rules. On the surface, volks share their dominance with huge insects of Verticus. 
Millions of years ago, dinosaurs dominated the planet, later mammals, with humans at the top of the food chain. In the time and space of Verticus, it was the insects who ruled. Volks were superior, but we can not compete with the rate at which insects breed. 
Many of the vehicles of the planet were created as replicas to blend in with the natural wonders of the planet. Most volks admired and greatly appreciated the natural design and color of the highly agile insects as insects were sought to be the next step in the evolution of volks.
Much of this world was peaceful, but evil was still capable of rearing its ugly face. Even in the lives of beings as superior as volks. It was amazing what a little confusion and misunderstanding could do.
Gastonish, a female volk or wovolk, renowned in the arts of peace keeping methods found favor in the eyes of Mulunac. Not only did the two of them work well together, they formed an allegiance which was so strong they became even more than best friends.
As much as possible, Gastonish wore a lot of items which incorporated electric pinks and purples. No outfit worked better for her than the skin tight pink energy gel suit which incorporated a circuit design that could shift and click with subtle movements. Though her bones were thick, her compact musculature accentuated her feminine power and beauty.
As time passed, their unique friendship grew into much more. It was only inevitable they would want to consummate their relationship with marital vows. At about this time, Zip, a sertz, relayed some ill-favoured news of a new line of thrustle-T, a lifeless robotic army who could take the place of a volks usefulness as a peace keeper. Due to safety and the superiority of the robots abilities, Mulunac was included amongst other field officers who would be put out of a job. But Mulunac did not worry about such problems. His mission of course was to live life to the fullest and do all of the things he was not ready to do before. He loved Gastonish more than anything else in the worlds and they decided to unite in a customary volk wedding of extravagant brilliance and beauty.

On the magnificent world of Verticus, of the Ied era, two volks were beginning a wondrous journey, celebrating life. Giant flying insects and vehicles of multiple shapes and sizes filled the expanse of the orange colored sky. Within their own Zandith Crockmior L/X, Mulunac and Gastonish traveled at a tremendous speed blurring the landscape of Verticus ridged crust. Heading toward the horizon of a vibrant red sunset they enjoyed the golden high-lights which surrounded them. The insect-like craft darted away from the planet as the surface rounded off from their precise straight-line trajectory. The buzzing of the insect vehicles wings began to glow brightly as they continued their journey. Passing through the atmosphere with ease and entering orbit, the passengers glanced back at their shrinking home world of Verticus. There they caught a glimpse of the bloated red sun which reminded them of a molten eye of anger ready to explode. Heads forward again, they looked-on to the future and the new life they would build with each other.
After leaving the ceremony of their wedding, excitement filled their strong young hearts and they raced against the speed of the adrenaline pumping through their veins. On a whim, they decided to shoot for the stars, literally. 
A destination was plotted into their course. A destination filled with benign beauty and bewilderment. Neither of the two beings navigated the organic craft, for it was operating by the self guidance system. Their two sertz were recording all movements by the craft. 
A sertz; a miniature robotic being approximately three millimeters squared in size. Each individual, in the Ied era, was issued a sertz. Each sertz served several purposes, such as identification, education, counseling and to serve as a protective guardian along with a dependable eye witness accountant, plus much more. A sertz will watch over and remember, in great detail, all of the activities of ones life. The sertz, with its miniature size of three millimeters, had no difficulty entering the ear. Once inside, the sertz painlessly anchored itself within the external acoustic meatus. The sertz are always careful not to damage the tympanic membrane (eardrum). Once installed, communication was possible. Between a personal sertz and sentient owner, speech was private and seemingly telepathic.
The organic on-board instruments of the Zandith Crockmior L/X, displayed nothing. No course heading, no speed of travel, nor was there any sign to measure the vehicles nourishment level. Only tendrils hung out toward the passengers like large glossy spider legs. Mulunac held a bulky metallic forearm monitor close to the tendrils. The spider legs twitched and stretch out for the monitor. Within reach, the organic tendrils plugged into some small holes. The monitor opened like a book and displayed countless readings for the passengers to observe.
The speed at which they traveled was the equivalence of a photon of light. Using an inhuman technology, the passengers doubled their speed. The effects of the sudden thrust and velocity was muffled, protecting the passengers so well they hardly noticed any change in speed at all. From their new speed they doubled it again and again. Traveling thirty times faster than the speed of light for one hour before the insectular vehicle began to decrease its speed.
A beautiful and popular planet of the Procyon solar system, the planet was called Tryserious. With a little help from Volks, the planet was stable, young and capable of sustaining any Verticus life selected for the peaceful planets criteria. Three days were spent at Tryserious as the couple enjoyed the pleasures of that world. Landscapes, vegetation, triple moons and wondrous night skies were all new to the Verthlings. They could not recall another time of their life when problems were as distant as the time they spent at Tryserious, on their honeymoon.
After three days, Mulunac had a strong desire to continue their voyage to a distant nebula, a nebula outside their own galaxy, The Genation nebula. Legend told tale how it was the birth mark of where everything in existence began. The very location from whence creation sprang to being.
Drawn to Genation, by a deep inner need, Mulunac was compelled to see it. His recent dreams spoke so clearly to him as well as a longing which went back further than he could remember. Genation was calling to him.
Many volks had come to the wondrous location but the excitement and popularity of this place had diminished over the years. After Mulunacs strange dreams of this place, he wanted simply to go, see it and quench his curiosity. Gastonish did not fully understand the fascination which drove him, but she agreed to join him. She would have agreed to join him no matter where he wanted to go.
The voyage through space was much like before, except they were beyond the stars. When they came to a stop, they found themselves gazing upon the spectacular sight of the nebula, Genation. It was an awesome sight. 
The Genation nebula; hundreds of thousands of times larger than our own galaxy and stranger than any other domain of space and time, a twin nebula harnessing raw powers in the most raw and purest living capacity. On one side a swirl moved clock-wise and glowed in a kindled fiery red while the other side swirled counter clock-wise and glowed with a deep icy blue radiance. An awesome expanse and at any close range it would appear that these twin expanses stretched out for all eternity and filled space entirely with its dominance of fire and ice.
From the center of the two gasses a spear of bright white light was projected through the centers. One spear pierces through the center of the red nebula maelstrom and another pierced through the blue. These two spears of light stabbed into the depths of space and fade out beyond sight.
The great nebulas were dressed in a single line of energy around their outskirts. Like a loose crumpled purple ribbon of energy, a line was made to not only surround the twins but through such a line the two spears of light were joined. Indeed the ribbon intersected the spears of light remaining ever distant from both the nebulas.
It is more wondrous than I imagined it in my dreams. Mulunac remarked. The organic insect craft shuddered and was thrown slightly as it passed through a solar electrical field. Systems were quickly compensated before the small energy wave was forgotten.
The journey to the nebula, with its two swirling oceans of red and blue was truly beautiful. They were observing the different aspects of the benign nebula, when a pair of brilliant blue lights of energy streaked past the Zandith Crockmior L/X from the right and headed off to the left. Mulunac instinctively ensued pursuit of the high speed objects.
Mulunac, those are probably just kids in some new type of hickoop. Just leave them alone. Gastonish insisted.
Even an experimental proto-type hickoop would have appeared in my close range sensors. If I observed them correctly, they were too small to be hickoops. Besides, so far my telepathic sensors read we are the only volks in this system. As a thrustle-T, it is my duty to investigate. I must pursue them.
But your time as a thrustle-T is as good as gone, Gastonish explained, Just let it go. but Mulunac felt even more compelled to make a point. He worked so hard all his life to be a great thrustle-T and he would not be replaced and forgotten so easily. Within seconds a great distance was covered in the pursuit of the blue spheres of energy and Mulunac found that he brought their insectular vehicle amazingly close to the nebula and the purple ribbon of energy which surrounded it. There, he discovered the dozen small blue spheres of light situated together in a tight cluster but they were not moving. Mulunac slowed their craft quickly. Telepathic sensor readings still could not locate the blue spheres of energy which were clearly right in front of them. 
The purple glowing energy ribbon which encircled the nebula slightly brightened as they moved closer to it. Once the vessel began to move through the purple glow of the enormous energy ribbon, their sensor sweep revealed the purple glowing expanse of the ribbon was composed of countless free floating energy crystals of mass. These were the objects which gave off the purple glow and they made up the structure of the ribbon. From the craft, Mulunac and Gastonish watched the countless small crystals moving past them on either side. The purple energy crystals, which were no bigger than hand held stones, easily numbered greater than the grains of sands from Verticus. When they moved right through the purple field entirely, Mulunac noticed the cluster of blue energy spheres were beginning to move toward them. The greatest difference between the Purple chrystals and the blue spheres was the blue spheres moved with a sense of purpose and intelligence.
In an instant, the Zandith Crockmior L/X came to a sudden stop. Mulunac was baffled. I did not bring this vessel to a stop. The occupants were trying to determine the cause of their suspense. It was as though they were held in the grasp of an unseen power. There was a strange silence and calmness of the Genation nebula. The cluster of strange blue energy spheres dispersed in separate directions and disappeared. The incredibly large energy ribbon had somehow captured the craft. With the appearance of a wasp, the craft struggled to be free from the purple energy ribbon like a bug stuck to fly paper. The ribbon forced them along its windy path no differently than if they were at the mercy of a river's current. The ribbon of purple energy led the Zandith Crockmior L/X to the strong spear of light which stabbed through the heart of the blue swirling nebula twin.
The interior cockpit of the Zandith Crockmior L/X had its own enunamic field of gravitational force. Therefore, any movement experienced by the ship was non-existent to those encased within the cockpit.
Mulunac tried everything, working against the controls to escape the ribbons hold, but the vessel was powerless to the mysterious force. The Zandith Crockmior was un-willfully dragged into the great spike of light. At first contact with the light, the Zandith Crockmior L/X, and the two passengers within it, were instantly pulled into the nebulas glowing core. The light of the core surrounded them as they entered it. The journey seemed to have no end, as if they were being pulled in further than the cores mass.
Mulunacs body froze-up in some sort of paralysis. His body, like stone, became frozen and his deep black eyes were fully opened like he was in shock. Gastonish, tried to shake him out of it and shout at him but nothing worked. Gastonish, decided to take control of the Zandith Crockmior. For the giant female to have manual control, she had to link her mind to the cerebellum of the Zandith Crockmiors mind. This process became possible when she plugged an organic tendril into her helmet. By doing this, Gastonish allowed her thought to have direct control of the Zandith Crockmiors cerebral cortex which was the connection to the center of intellectual activity. With all of her efforts, the wovolk was still unable to control the insectular vehicle.
It was shot straight through to the other side of the blue nebula. It covered a great distance at such a high speed, it was almost instantaneous. The Zandith Crockmior L/X had movement and Gastonish regained control. A calm voice began to speak from within the wasps matrix. TURBULENCE AHEAD, The synthetic voice warned. LIGHTNING TO THE NINTH POWER AND POINT FOUR SOLAR HURRICANE STRENGTHS.
Shot out of the nebula from the other side, the Zandith Crockmior L/X drifted free from the powerful light. At the same moment, Gastonish found she had control over the Zandith Crockmior L/X, Mulunac awoke from the spell he was under. It was as though someone flipped a switch and Mulunac was himself again. The two romantics found themselves in the middle of the predicted storm. Surrounded by the blue flames of an explosion, Mulunac observed. We are within a field of fire. As they looked around, they found in the distance were two stars. Mulunac looked at the stars and felt a chill run through his twin spines. It is like those stars are eyes, Mulunac made the startling comparison, And they are looking right through me.
As Mulunac stared into the glowing eyes of the stars, Gastonish observed how he began to change. His expression became hard and anger filled his eyes. A roar from outside shook the insectular craft and Mulunac responded with a great roar of his own. 
Mulunac was aware of some other activities moving toward them and it seemed like the Genation nebula was reaching out toward them with a great ghostly blue tendril like arm. As it neared them it was apparent it was a glowing blue cloud. In a very short time the cloud had come through the wall of fire which surrounded them. The cloud passed through the hull of the Zandith Crockmior. Countless blue spheres of energy were dancing around them within the cockpit. Mulunac relaxed and became extremely calm and tried to examine the little blue shires of light. These lights were like the twelve which made up the cluster previously and these moved around extremely fast. Mulunac waved his hand through the cloud and the little lights interacted with him. The strange cloud was harmless, Mulunac tried to move away, but the little blue lights became agitated and swept him up. They swarmed around him forsaking any and all other things of the near area. The little lights began to be absorbed by Mulunac until his body was so full of them his grey flesh began to glow. The other little blue lights which flew about, formed a sphere around Mulunac. 
Gastonish was very worried about her husband as the spheres of energy held her at bay, Mulunac, try to reach out to me! Gastonish tried to reach out to Mulunac but the little blue lights of living energy were too powerful and continued to push her back. The sphere which was formed around Mulunac began to take up a lot of space in the small cock-pit. Gastonish was being pushed to the side by the field of energy around Mulunac and Mulunac became too bright, blindingly bright. Gastonish felt the unseen pressure of being crushed against the wall until the energies surrounding them began to phase Mulunacs bright body into a ghostly form. The items Mulunac wore fell through his body to the organic padding of the cock-pit. In a ghostly fashion, Mulunac was carried right out of the Zandith Crockmior through the hull of the Zandith Crockmior L/X. A similar stunned expression was upon each of their faces and Mulunacs powerful body was paralysed and frozen stiff. 
This terrified Gastonish as she was not used to seeing Mulunac weak or powerless. His glowing body, charged with power, phased right through the hull. He was carried outside, right into the heart of the rolling and flickering fires which surrounded them. 
Gastonish looked out of the frontal viewer and placed her hands against it. She cried out to him but her efforts were futile. She could not help but to believe the fire outside was controlled under some sort of intelligence. She saw how the strange surrounding fire moved away and how it watched them from a distance with burning bright wide eyes. Lunging forward fiercely, the cloud of fire came at Mulunac like a great mouth to devour him, but the blue energy orbs which surrounded and penetrated Mulunac, took him away like the streak of a great comet. Gastonish watched as the comet escape the red kindling fire, though her husband was likely burning up inside of it.
Having her soul mate ripped from her was equal to a grievous physical pain. Gastonish felt she would bleed love and heart ache for the rest of her life.
Gastonish wasnt sure where she was anymore. She noticed the red and blue swirls of the Genation nebula no longer existed. What she beheld was a very different nebula. It was a purple nebula of inter woven gases and glowing clouds. Two spears of light intersected through the heart of the nebula like a great X. She recognized the spears of light. They were exactly like the ones from the Genation nebula. She wondered, for a moment if it were possible this was the same nebula at all.

The comet was moving so fast it almost disappeared into the distance trailing a long white tail. From the great expanse of red fire came a second comet which chased close behind the white comet. The pursuing red comet seemed to be eating the white comets long tail as it gained on it in speed. Even as far away as the white comet was, the tail and pursuing red comet could just barely be seen by the eyes of Gastonish. As she followed it she noticed the distant scar across the deep black beyond was turning slightly. It became more obvious as the arc of white tightened its course change. Unable to pass through the surrounding frontier which acted as an invisible border, the two speeding lights of red and white turned back inwards. It was apparent the strange comets were returning. Gastonish panicked. The path of the hostile burning comet passed right through the area of where Gastonish was. She barely had time to move out of the way.
The comet slammed into the middle of the great X of light beams which were at the center of the purple nebula and the hydrogen gases flared up in a great flash of fire. Close behind the comet, the expanse of fire flew in and exploded as well. This second explosion was far greater than the first.

No!!! Mulunac!!! Gastonish shouted. Mulunac was gone, but he was taken so quickly it didn't seem real at all. Only, what was real was how alone she was within the Zandith Crockmior L/X.

Chapter 2

Directly in front, through the darkness, Gastonish could see the black of space again. Mulunac, was gone. A series of shock waves rocked the Zandith Crockmior. Gastonish was overwhelmed and did not feel she was experienced enough to pilot the space craft out of the explosive conditions so she surrendered the controls to her sertz. When the Zandith Crockmior L/X was freed from the solar nebula force which held her, she punched the control functions back on line. The volks of the 268,648th century were rarely overwhelmed for long. Their technology provided countless options to muscle their way through the toughest conditions.
Gastonish looked back and noticed the nebula was different now, different and similar. On one side was the birth of a swirling red nebula with one of the great spears of light stabbing through the heart of it and beside it, swirling in the opposite direction was a new blue nebula of equal size. These were the twin nebulas of contrast which existed in opposition to one another. The blue swirl also had a spear of light stabbing through the center of it as well and a purple haze or ring surrounded it all.
It was an awesome sight. Twin Eddys in space. she thought, larger than any known galaxy and a sight in which Gastonish hoped to never see again in her lifetime. Though it comforted Gastonish to be able to recognize the Genation nebula, she was still at odds with how it managed to change so quickly. Little did she know, but what she had witnessed was how the red and blue twin swirls came to be. This incredible site held no value or interest for her. She needed to grieve for the loss of her newly wedded husband.
Immediately, the Zandith Crockmior guided itself away from the Genation nebula and began its journey back home to Verticus.
As she traveled once again multiplying the speed of light, she tried to make sense of what happened. Gastonish could not help herself but to feel fatigued with unanswered questions. She was too overtaken by the reality of her new marital relationship. The reality where such an unexplainable event had taken it all away did not seem real at all. Gastonish just wanted to concentrate on getting back to Verticus But she knew it would have to be done alone. She fought inwardly against feelings of being cheated.
The journey began to slow as she entered her home galaxy. Gastonish, quickly gained strength, and punched-up a virtue image of Verticus on her forearm unit. She wondered if her equipment was malfunctioning as she noticed different shapes and positions of basic landscape patterns. Wondering for a moment if she was truly still on a course heading for Verticus, she peered deeper into the image and chewed on her lower lip, trying to get a closer look. Xonox, I need you to check all systems of my instruments. She spoke out to her sertz. It seems we have been directed to the wrong planet.
TRUE, THIS IS NOT VERTICUS. The sertz acknowledged. BUT BESIDES THE APPARENT CHANGES, ALL READINGS OF OUR LOCATION REVEAL OTHERWISE. Xonoxs little vibrational voice sang forth with a hint of a digitized echo.
With my instruments damaged, I can't pin-point any of our known planets or stars, but this is supposed to be where Verticus is. I need to call for help and repair the romstrunn, Zandith Crockmior or whatever it is that's damaged. Why are you not updating me of the changes which have brought Verticus to this point? Gastonish breathed a sigh and gazed out at the yellow sun in thought.
I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO ESTABLISH CONTACT WITH ANY OF OUR KNOWN SOURCES SINCE WE ARRIVED, ROMLESSA. The little sertz explained.
This is most strange. Gastonish scratched her head, We better go down to the planet's skin and find out what we have missed. Ill have to explain to the thrustle-T what happened to Mulunac. Your version is not adequate on its own. The graphic representation of the Zandith Crockmior had just passed through the atmosphere of the strange planet and moved like a photon of light, low over the surface. They flew over a large body of water to the land and crossed the land mass from east to west in a very short frame of time. Halt! commanded Gastonish.
The Zandith Crockmior responded by hovering motionless above a small farming community. Its wings buzzed in a blurry, vibrant motion. Within the cockpit Gastonish leaned forward from her shell like chair and crawled over the pillowy, warm organic cushion to get a better look, the large cushion was comfortable for smooth safe travel. She stared in wonderment and shock at the unidentifiable culture below. Her eyes grew wide at the absence of so many sights she expected to see but couldnt. She saw a thick green forest which grew around the outskirts of a grassy field. She was fascinated at the simple sight of cows grazing in the tall grass. When she was about to move closer to the brilliant red of a barn, a cow mooed loudly at the huge flying insect. Gastonish steered the vehicle away. The motion and complex agility of the Zandith Crockmior scared the cows off to the other direction. The intrusion only lasted a brief five seconds before Gastonish plugged her helmet in and took control of the Zandith Crockmior. She drove the craft into the sky and disappeared amongst the clouds.
Only a couple of children noticed the giant wasp hovering in the air over vacant farm land, but they were not the only witnesses. A nearby air-force base also noticed the Zandith Crockmior. They tracked it on their radar screens. Unsure whether to label it as some strange new missile or some other potential threat, the Commander immediately ordered three Tom Cat jets to dispatch and investigate the UFO.
Above the clouds, motionless, hovered the Zandith Crockmior L\X. Xonox, I cannot identify this world. Gastonish spoke with thought as she observed.
I CAN NOT PROVIDE THE ANSWERS YOU SEEK UNTIL WE MAKE CONTACT OF SOME SORT. Stated Xonox as the little mechanism searched its contact capabilities only to find no response. Falling back on its protocol, Xonox calculated choices to an adaptation for the situation. 
Gastonish caressed her cheek as she started wondering, We should be able to use our distance from the Genation nebula to give us an idea of our location? I cant depend on the stars when they too seem to be out of order.
Gastonish picked up Mulunacs romstrunn which remained lying beside her. She opened the device like it was a book. The Romstrunn was a comprehensional data filled unit which held more information than the largest library in the world. It was capable of three dimensional interactive projections and uncondensed fragmented sound. The sertz flew into the Romstrunn to allow for quicker, easier communicational translation. Soon, Gastonish came to the conclusion: Even with the aid of my sertz, the results are the same. By these readings, this planet should be Verticus; however, this solar system is different.
Behind the Zandith Crockmior three military jets eased up from beneath the clouds, about fifty miles away. These three tactical fighter jets were the air forces F-14D Super Tomcats. They were dispatched to investigate the unidentified aircraft. Again, Gastonish plugged herself into the controls. The Zandith Crockmior knew the jets were approaching and flew into their flight path. Gastonish stopped, hovering in mid-air, waiting for them, thinking the jets would also stop and give her answers, but they didn't even slow down. Instead, they flew dangerously close to the Zandith Crockmior. As they passed by, the pilots had a real eyeful as they tried to determine a positive and accurate identification. Guiding the Zandith Crockmior, Gastonish watched as the jets sped off into the distance. Gastonish did not intend to give up. She wanted answers or some kind of logical explanation. Immediately, she shuttled to a position above the lead F-14D. The legs of the Zandith Crockmior lowered and clinched the jet to slow it down. I've never seen a machine like this before. The bewildered Gastonish remarked. It is as though we are the first of our kind to discover this planet.
The other two jets became distracted and broke formation. The Wing-Leader contacted his command and informed them of their present situation. The Wing-Leaders commanding officer permitted them to engage the UFO with ammunition only. The jets on either side of the Zandith Crockmior became hostile and opened fire with their 20mm M61A1 Vulcan six-barrel cannons. The pilots were eager to drill the monster insect with their full capacity, 675 rounds of ammunition. Agitated rapid fire sprang forth with bullets the size of large zucchinis capable of piercing the armor of a tank. A few shots grazed passed the head of the Zandith Crockmior and clipped off one of the antennas. The receptacles which relayed the message to Gastonish of the damage was translated as simulated pain. Gastonish was frustrated and stuck the enormous stinger, from the abdomen of the Zandith Crockmior, into the jet. The stinger, 16 meters long, ripped through the hull of the Tomcat between its pair of F110-GE-400 after-burning turbofans and caused an explosion of fire and thick black smoke. The cockpit window of the jet burst into the underside of the Zandith Crockmiors head and the pilot ejected. The thrusters of the seat shot the pilot up and over the giant insects head. The Zandith Crockmior let go of the F-14D and let it plummet to its destruction where it crashed into the mountains below.
The Zandith Crockmior was out numbered and out gunned. Since it was more of a recreational vehicle than a weapon, it was no match against the air-force. Gastonish did her best to dodge the shots from an incoming F-14D. Rather than fleeing, Gastonish headed toward the jet swooping to the right of it. As the jet was moving to pass by, Gastonish stretched out the long legs of the Zandith Crockmior and caught a hold of the jet. The Zandith Crockmior pulled away with the momentum of the jet. Gastonish continued to fight with the Tomcat pulling it this way and that to get a feel for its strength.
Meanwhile, the other F-14D Tomcat rolled in from behind to fire upon the Zandith Crockmior. He attempted to wound, what looked to him to be a monstrous sized wasp. If he could do this he would remove it from off his comrade. 
Gastonish rolled the Zandith Crockmior forward as the incoming F-14D air-craft opened fire. Gastonish forced the nose of her captive Tomcat down. The Zandith Crockmior rolled up-side-down, all the while holding onto the Tomcat and forcing it in to a somersault. Finally, the Zandith Crockmior kicked the Tomcat away, hurtling it into the flight path of its comrade. The two F-14Ds collided into a violent blaze of fire.
What planet is this? Gastonish asked.
I CAN NOT ANSWER YOUR QUESTION UNTIL I HAVE MADE CONTACT WITH HIVE CENTRAL. answered her little robotic sertz.
She considered leaving the planet, but it was probable her answers may simply be over looked. Further investigation was essential to finding a prompt certifiable answer. 
The Zandith Crockmior surveyed the land flying low and fast. Gastonish was intent on visually sweeping over the beautiful mountainous surroundings. As she traveled between two steep Rocky Mountains, following a freshwater creek to a long waterfall, the Zandith Crockmior halted at the sight of a suspension bridge. The long iron bridge joined a freeway across the deep gorge. All vehicles, commercial and domestic, were clearly distracted at the sight of the Zandith Crockmior. They veered off and swerved causing a minor vehicle fender bender.
Gastonish was intrigued by the vehicles and even more so when the people stepped out. She observed from within the Zandith Crockmior and was confused at the sight of the human species. What is that? Gastonish asked, but her sertz came back with no reply. Obviously she was faced with a great mystery. She tried to confirm her voyage so she had the proper star system and galaxy.
The head of the Zandith Crockmior moved in closer so Gastonish could get a better look, but the humans ran in fear shouting and screaming. The wings of the insect vehicle thumped rapidly like a low hum. The residual wind caused a small smart car to overturn on the bridge.
A new squadron of air-crafts flew by over head. Gastonish backed the Zandith Crockmior away from the bridge and headed off in the direction of the new air force squadron. She snuck up on the jet fighters using the clouds to disguise her. As the Zandith Crockmior darted through the last cloud which was between them, the powerful wings broke the cloud apart swirling it away and vanishing. At about 15,000 feet above the mountain peeks, Gastonish realized the new squadron of three jets were different from the first.
These were A-10 warthogs. When they noticed the Zandith Crockmior quickly approaching them from behind, they broke formation and scattered. Two of the jets acted as decoys while the third came around to surprise the Zandith Crockmior firing bullets from its GAU-8A gun. 
Gastonish suspected such a maneuver. The wings of the Zandith Crockmior began to glow bright as it sped forward. Extending its stinger once more it cut the lead Warthog from tail to sternum with one swift stroke. The two TF34-GE-100 engines separated to either side of the craft and exploded. The stinger of the Zandith Crockmior could not rip the Warthog completely in half because of its titanium armour installations.
For a moment the stinger became lodged into the A-10s hull. Gastonish wrestled with the controls to break free. This gave the other warthogs time to reposition themselves and move in for the kill. The burning A-10 was pulling the Zandith Crockmior down as the other jets opened fire. The stinger was pulled free from the jet, but it was too late.
The bullets tore through the wings and through the synthetic hide of the Zandith Crockmior as though it was made of tissue paper filled with pudding. 
Xonox, again, we are under attack! We must leave! Be prepared to abandon this vessel! Gastonish commanded.
She gave one last attempt to regain control but when the A10 Warthogs turned on her to attack again, Gastonish quickly flipped a switch which started the larvae cycle. She touched the symbols which engaged a pod to protect the larva in a frozen state, before she escaped. She felt fatigued from all of the fighting.
She slid through the main exit of the Zandith Crockmior which entered the throat and stopped just before the opening of the mouth. She braced her feet against the maxillae and hoped the mandibles did not open before their time. At the mouth she activated her suit, which enabled her to float in an invisible radiance of an independent gravity field. Another shot punched through the Zandith Crockmiors side and the Zandith Crockmior coughed as a reflex to the damage. Coughed out, Gastonish fell away from the Zandith Crockmior. 
Though strong, the Zandith Crockmior was badly damaged with many gaping bullet wounds. The pilots couldn't understand why it didn't go down after so much punishment. Out of frustration, the attacking pilots showered ammunition at the head, or cockpit, and the thorax of the Zandith Crockmior. As the bullets struck their target, the strange insect craft was limply pushed by the force of each impact. The cockpit was shredded with a white fluid spurting rhythmically in all directions.
The A-10 warthog pilots were fighting with confused frustration and blind rage. Bullets continued to tear into the cockpit, and in the midst of the chaos they managed to miss seeing Gastonish float out of the insect craft. The Zandith Crockmior L/X fell toward a near by lake. Unfortunately the Zandith Crockmior was mutilated in the cross-fire of air force ammunition. It dived into a rolling spin leading a trail of white internal vapours. 
With the power of her suit, Gastonish paused in the air to turn back for a moment. She was not sure what kind of trouble she was even in yet. The vicious jets were following the Zandith Crockmior down to its doom until they broke off and turned to her direction. She snapped around, unable to watch the destruction of her vehicle any longer. She needed to get to the surface and find assistance. Unable to fly away by the power of her suit, Gastonish began to gently descend to the surface of the planet. Her suite provided the ability to defy gravity but it did not allow her to fly away. 
In the distance, the streaming sounds of jet thrusters were closing in. The formation passed by Gastonish and one jet in particular was so close the pilot made eye contact with her. Persistently, an A-10 warthog swooped in at Gastonish and made a visual identification of her humanoid form. The pilot veered hard to port and rolled around to come back at her again. It returned narrowly missing Gastonishs free floating body. Communications were made between the Air crafts.
Gastonish was terrified and looked down at the Zandith Crockmior as it spun, with injuries. Because it was in a spin it angled its descent and skidded down the slope of a steep mountain side. The wasp-like vehicle slowed. With its downward momentum, the Zandith Crockmior grazed along the rugged surface of the mountain side. The weight of the insectular units exoskeleton drove against the sharp rocks and trees as it plowed its way down the steep terrain. From Gastonishs distance she could see only the high dust being kicked up as the Zandith Crockmior scored its path toward the bottom.
Halfway down the mountain, the slope leveled out. The craft rolled a few times and its wings were shredded. Before the slope could level out fully, it dropped off at a cliff straight down to the lake below. As the stinger scored the mountain side, the dusty and torn Zandith Crockmior halted to a stop at the edge of the steep cliff. Anchored by its massive stinger the Zandith Crockmior was momentarily kept from any further abrasive descent. Its limp head lazily hung over the edge.
The two warthogs returned to make a fly-by surveillance run, but the last jet passed by too close and in its wake the mountain side was rattled. The thunderous echoing noise of the passing jets twin engines shook through the valley and started a rock-slide. A section of rock shifted under the Zandith Crockmior and began to disintegrate as it carried the Zandith Crockmior off the steep edged cliff. The Zandith Crockmior plummeted into the lake, hissing and bubbling as it sank below the surface. The slide added to the thunderous echo through the valley as it covered over the Zandith Crockmior and buried it deep under the lake. Gastonish was motionless staring down at the sunken Zandith Crockmior in shock. Practically, the entire side of the mountain let go and fell away. All which remained was a cavity filled with dust within a ten mile radius. The cloud of dust came up like smoke from a forest fire. A small lump of rubble marked a burial for the organic craft, at the base of the mountain where the deep lake met the shore. The lake's fathom swallowed most of the slide, but the top of the rubble would peek out for years to come.
Like a scared child, Gastonish remained floating in the air overwhelmed by the unfolding events. This was not her home. She was not sure where she was but she knew in her heart she was alone.
At length a military helicopter was tracking Gastonish and moving in for a capture or kill operation. Instinctively, Gastonish turned in mid-flight toward the thwumping sounds of an AH-64 Apache helicopter. With the appearance of a robotic dragonfly, the Apache was a twin engine, four bladed, multi-mission attack helicopter. Four Hellfire missiles and nineteen FFAR Hydra 70mm (2.75inch) folding fin aerial rockets hung off each side of it.
Gastonish shook like a dry leaf in the wind. The propellers chopping at the air with a violent force was anything but friendly in the fear stricken eyes of the wovolk.
Quickly, Gastonish pulled her disk away from her stomach and changed its shape, unfolding it into an odd, thinly framed vehicle. It had handles to hold, a seat to sit on and foot pedals. She straddled it like a bicycle which had no wheels. Once she was comfortably in place, a pink energy bubble appeared completely surrounding her. The energy bubble phased into view with equal speed to that of a light bulb being turned on, except the sound it made was like a digitized hiccup.
With the ability of her new vehicle, the helicopter was unable to catch her with its 30MM M230 automatic chain machine gun much less target her with ammo or even a missile lock, but they did not go without trying. Down the valley, great explosions erupted and echoed off the mountainous surroundings.
Gastonish did not have any weapons to retaliate with, besides she just wanted everything to end. She out maneuvered and out ran both the approaching Apache helicopter and the two remaining A-10 Warthogs. Flying low and fast over the land, Gastonish took her vehicle of energy through a small town. For a fraction of a second she was a visitor to the small country town. To those who noticed Gastonish, she was nothing more than a momentary pink flash of soundless light, a mysterious flash across the sky.
Continuing higher into the mountains, Gastonish found a secluded area. Turning in a wide loop through the sky, she descended upon a hunters remote summer cabin. Slowing to the ground, Gastonish keyed her energy bubble to disappear with the digital sound of a --hick-oop--. Gastonish folded her vehicle into its original disk form and re-attached it to the front of her abs. Cautiously, Gastonish searched the surroundings of the little log cabin for any hostile creatures. After finding the area was vacant, she sought refuge under the covered front porch. The shutters covering the windows were locked along with the front door. Her sertz examined the door knob. The little robot began to shoot small dots of light at the brass knob. Energy crackled over the surface of the brass as the metal began to disintegrate and dismantle on its own. Piece by piece the door knob fell apart until the door loosely opened. Squeaky hinges yawned like a drawn out cackle. Though scared senseless and wanting only to curl up some place and hide, Gastonish proceeded to search the inside of the cabin.
Confident she was truly alone, the constant thunder of military air-crafts searching for her made Gastonish very nervous. As she felt the shadow of loneliness creeping up on her, Gastonish realized the scope of just how deep her problem was. She was lost in space and stranded on a hostile, unknown alien world. Turning to her last and only friend, Gastonish began to confide in her sertz. Xonox, where do I go from here? Nerves on edge, Gastonishs voice shook out the question.
In response, her mite sized robot flew out from her ear and hovered before her. MAJESTY, THIS SITUATION LEAVES YOU WITH VERY FEW OPTIONS. THIS IS NOT THE WORLD WHICH WE ARE FROM AND NEITHER CAN I MAKE CONTACT WITH OUR VERTICUS COUNCIL OR HIVE CENTRAL. WE NEED HELP, BUT WE ARE STRANGERS HERE. I AM CAPABLE NOW TO ASSUME THE AUTHORITY OF ACTING THRUSTLE-T. Spoke the tiny female synthesized voice.
Thats enough for now Xonox, thank you. Gastonish told the little robot. My head feels hot and my body is going numb. She examined her shaky hand. Am I having a reaction to this worlds environment? I didn't adapt to this world. Am I going into shock?
Xonox directed Gastonish to a bed. YOUR BODY COMPOSION IS ONLY REACTING TO YOUR EXERTION. SO FAR THERE IS NO REASON FOR YOU TO HAVE TO ADAPT. LAY DOWN, MAJESTY, CONSIDER YOUR UNBORN CHILD. YOU WILL ACHIEVE NOTHING BY OVER WORKING YOUR EMOTIONS. REST NOW; I WILL DO WHAT I CAN TO PROTECT YOU. Drawing comfort from the familiar and reassuring feminine voice of her sertz, Gastonish took a deep breath and relaxed.
Letting her eyes look over the interior, Gastonish observed the little bedroom carefully. There was not much light in the room but three beams of sunlight were able to pierce their way through the tightly closed shutters. A pink glow from Gastonishs suit also contributed to the soft luminescence of the room. The bed was made of a wooden log frame with a single mattress on it with no sheets covering it. A single pillow was placed at the head of the mattress. One picture on the wall was of an elderly man holding up his latest catch, a large fish. Lightly, Gastonish touched the picture, running her fingers over the mans face. What kind of alien species is this? The emotion of the man depicted in the picture was happy for he was smiling. Gastonish spent a great deal of time examining the picture. It gave her a sense of new hope where there might be some good and intelligence to be found on this strange world. Searching the dresser drawers curiously, questioning the items of clothing she found, Gastonish went to the closet next and pulled out the items of clothing. After she had all of the clothes out of both the closet and dresser, Gastonish began to feel very tired. She was wiped out and drained of energy. Her attention came back to the picture on the wall. Lifting it off the nail, Gastonish wrapped her arms around it and held it close to her heart. Making her way to the bed where she laid down, Gastonish pulled the clothes over herself and let her head sink restfully into the pillow. Xonox. She called; the sertz was prompt to respond.
YES, ROMLESSA?
Restfully, Gastonish turned over in the bed and looked up at the ceiling. Lifting the black and white picture over her so she could observe it more, Gastonish said. I'm so tired. If the beings of this world come and find me, protect me, but try to remain inconspicuous. If we lure too much attention to our differences they may find me threatening and kill me. Like you said, I need help. I must try to make a peace with the inhabitants of this world if I am to find a way back home.
I AGREE, ROMLESSA, AND I SUGGEST IF THEY DO FIND YOU HERE YOU REMOVE YOUR SUIT, BOOTS, HELMET AND HICKOOP. HIDE THEM. PRESENT YOURSELF IN A NATURAL FORM AND DO NOT RESIST CAPTURE. PERHAPS IF YOU WEAR SOME OF THESE CLOTHES OF THIS WORLD YOU WILL BE ACCEPTED INTO THEIR CULTURE.
Gastonish sat up. These clothes? curiously Gastonish lifted a plaid shirt to her cheek and felt the material on her skin. She choked back a giggle at the thought of wearing the clothing of strange creatures. Gastonish hit a switch on her pink glowing circuit design helmet and the circuitry design of her suit peeled and interacted. All of the belongings Gastonish wore came apart and moved together as it all interchanged to take the form and function of a circuitry designed baggage-case. The floating visor of her helmet became a master lock and Xonox was the only key which could unlock it. Gastonish wore clothes found from within the cabin but they did not seem to fit her right. Too tall and muscular, and the bony plates of Gastonish's shoulders and forearms stretched the shirt and pants to their limits. Though she was uncomfortable and the tight fit was obviously not how the clothes were intended to be worn, Gastonish believed the disguise would allow her to pass as a human. Gastonish went to a mirror and examined herself in it. She held the black and white picture of the bald man up next to her face. Grey skin and hairless like the picture, in Gastonishs mind she would be able to fool the creatures of the planet. Perhaps they are some strain of volk. Gastonish pondered.
Together, Gastonish and Xonox thought about a suitable location to hide the suit-case. For fear of being captured, Gastonish remained inside the summer log-home. Xonox made several trips outside the cabin to examine their surroundings. Finally, they found there was a wood shed, out house, storage shed and a deep water supply well, all in close proximity to the small log cabin.
Gastonish tried to look at her situation and see the big picture. As she continued to put her thoughts in order and find the options which were available to her, Gastonish felt the unceasing weight of her emotions coming over her. Nevertheless, she continued to arrange and rearrange and resolve her volk thoughts. Against her will, Gastonish continued to go back to thoughts about the loss of her husband, Mulunac. She knew her time was limited. By morning the creatures of this planet were sure to find her. The night was the only way to leave the cabin without a chance of being spotted from the air. So, while Gastonish was organizing her thoughts and fighting the annoying effects of the illness, she was waiting for the night to come.

Rich gold colors from the yellow sun marked the end of the day. When night fell, and darkness came upon the land, Gastonish crept out of the cabin with her suit-case as her intension was to hide it.
The volk mind of Gastonish began to pick up an intelligent telepathic frequency. At first, Gastonish felt relieved as she thought she was connecting to the minds of other volks like her. Running out of the cabin, Gastonish looked to the night sky. There she saw many brilliant lights flashing and moving about in a zig zag fashion.
It was not long before Gastonish realized the dancing lights in the sky were not volks. Such erratic flight patterns could not possibly be volk. The strange beings in the star lit sky had honed in on Gastonish's brainwaves, much like transmittable broadcast radio waves.
The thought waves were rude in nature as they pried into her mind to probe to unlock secrets. Such a method would result in great pain to a human's mind, but a volk was more capable telepathically than the strange minds attempting to torment her. The lights moving about in the stratosphere were asking Gastonish a question, 'Where did you come from? Please open your mind to us so we can communicate with you.'
Able to close off access to the telepathic probings of the creatures with ease, Gastonish decided to respond. 'Come down here to me and we can speak.'
The moment Gastonish sent the telepathic response, the lights in the sky came down low and hovered slowly over the property of the hunter's cabin. Upon seeing the bright colors of the flashing lights up close, Gastonish recognized she was not familiar with the alien space crafts. The smooth shiny surface of the space crafts were like that of a vorogon to her, but Gastonish had never seen Vornocks quite like these before. As curious as she was to know why a sophisticated creature like these had not already encountered her kind at some point in the past, Gastonish, with her suit-case still in hand, activated it and the suit-case interchanged slightly.
Under the flashing lights of the alien crafts, Gastonish began to remove her human clothes. As she did so, Gastonish's suit case reached out and coated her exposed body with her intricate volk suit once again. 
When Gastonish was fully dressed in her own glowing skin tight circuitry suit, she found one of the creatures from the space crafts were standing beside her. Moving with a cautious stance, it reached out to feel her clothes.
The creature was grey in color from head to toe. Its limbs were thin as well as its neck and fingers. How it was able to support its unusually large head was very strange. Gastonish thought it was a vornock when she looked at it, but as she beheld the creature more closely in the intense light, she found it was not a vornock, but something else indeed.
The face of the creature was more simple than a vornock, with a smooth round head and large black eyes which contradicted its very small nose, mouth and chin.
Near to the cabin, Gastonish could see one of the space crafts had landed and from a small portal under the craft, a couple other alien creatures came ambling down the ramp with little steps.
Sensing something terrible was about to happen, Gastonish prepared herself by amping up her power. Looking into the minds of the aliens, Gastonish found the aliens had a primitive form of thought process. Realizing the creatures were alien to this particular planet, it became clearer as to how these creatures had primeval minds from a volk's perspective.
The aliens, though very logical and curious, believed themselves superior over all other living beings who they had encountered in their travels. From eons of observing and collecting information at their discretion, the aliens had not only become arrogant, but emotionless as well. They granted themselves their own status. As a race, sharing one mind, they had granted themselves the pristine status of gods. They were not altogether evil or destructive, they simply went about doing what they thought necessary for the sake of their own studies to better their kind. They had no rank among them for as a people of one mind, they all believed themselves to be number one for no other creature they knew could contend with their brilliance and power... Until now.
Fear was another emotion the aliens hadn't had much experience with, but Gastonish was a creature unknown to them and they feared the unknown. The alien, nearest to Gastonish, lifted a small object which it suddenly possessed in its thin long fingers. It quickly moved the object to touch it to Gastonish's head but Gastonish moved so fast, she seemed to be outside of real time. Spinning, she confiscated the object and used it against the alien creature by tapping the alien object to the alien's own head. The alien's body stiffened and fell backwards to the ground with a deathly thud.
The other two aliens ran at Gastonish as she was suddenly engulfed in light. The light came from an over head space craft and the power in the light was like matter which held Gastonish with enough strength she was unable to fight it. Becoming concerned for her pregnancy, Gastonish needed to resolve the situation right away.
'Xonox, as thrustle-T you are under obligation to protect me.' Gastonish spoke to her sertz telepathically. Instantly, her tiny robotic guardian flew out from her ear and shot tiny colored beads of light energy at the source of the beam holding her.
The source emitting the light of matter from the space craft underwent considerable damage before going out. When Gastonish was free from the light, she did not fall to the ground. With the power of her own pink glowing volk suit, Gastonish remained floating in air like a celestial being.
Xonox engaged a telepathic projection into the alien's minds. The projection was one of dominance and anger with a level the aliens had never experienced before. The strain of mind put the aliens in shock from their own escalating fears.
Gastonish became aware of a danger which was soon to happen. While the aliens prepared to attack her, Gastonish prepared a defense of her own. Removing her hickoop disk, Gastonish began to unfold it.
As the disk shaped space crafts began moving out to escape Gastonish, one of the crafts retaliated by blasting Gastonish with a searing heat ray. Gastonish had already powered up the protective field of her hickoop which protected her from the deadly radioactive blast of heat.
Driving her hickoop, Gastonish flew upwards, high into the night sky. Though the aliens feared her, they kept their distance and followed her. Because they did not understand her the aliens could not just let her go. Hundreds of miles from earth's orbit, Gastonish brought her hickoop to a stop.
The alien saucer shaped space crafts surrounded Gastonish, careful to safeguard themselves with ample distance. Knowing the aliens were more observers of the planet and not socially integrated, Gastonish wanted to be sure they did not get in her way while she set out to fit in with the non-telepath prevalent humans of the planet.
Gastonish hit the minds of the aliens with a sophisticated form of telepathy with a message attached to it. The telepathy was saturated with a powerfully dreadful feeling which was both mysterious and spooky for the creatures. With this they received a message; 'Stay away from earth or your minds will be wiped clean throughout the galaxies.'
The aliens left the planet earth and returned to their home world with the memory of the message which they would communicate to their kind. The aliens deliberated on this message, but they also obeyed it as long as Gastonish's telepathic mind could be sensed.
Gastonish lingered outside of the earth for a while where she waited to be sure the aliens truly did obey her. Peering deep into space she wondered if any volks were out there and if they could at all sense her.
When Gastonish returned to the hunter's cabin, she reformed her volk suit to its compact form and dressed into the human clothes again. Using Xonox to lead her, she made her way to the well. Stumbling and tripping numerous times on rocks and roots protruding from the path, Gastonish cradled her suit-case in her arms. She previously wrapped the pink glowing suit-case in a blanket and tied it with some twine which she found in a cupboard. At the well, Gastonish had to move a ply wood sheet covering. When she had access to the mouth of the well, Gastonish dropped the concealed circuitry designed suit-case in. There was a count of five seconds before she heard the splash at the bottom of the well. After carefully replacing the ply wood to its original position above the opening of the well, Xonox led Gastonish back toward the cabin.
All Gastonish was wearing were simple beige shorts and a denim shirt which exposed her for who she was, a volk, with greyish blue skin and deep black eyes. Gastonish was hairless with naturally grown shoulder plates of bone. These plates were also found on her forearms and the tops of her feet. The tendons or metacarpals of Gastonishs hands were white and out-set, greatly detailed and obvious. This gave the hands a characteristic of strength. Gastonishs grey skin was a little dry and flaky. She was hungry and thirsty. Unable to identify the cans in the cupboard as a source of food, Gastonish ended up going outside to eat leaves from the trees and drink water from the lake. 
She went out of the cabin periodically to eat and Gastonish nodded off from time to time as well. Next thing she knew, it was morning. The golden glow of a new day came through the crack of the open door and painted across Gastonishs face. The warmth of the sun and the song of the birds woke her from her sleep.
Sitting up quickly believing she had a nightmare, Gastonish quickly realized she hadnt had a nightmare at all, her fears were her reality. Gastonish was still in the strange alien dwelling and her heart was beating harder and faster than usual as though it was going to beat right out of her chest. Listening more carefully, the sound of anxiety wasnt coming from her heart; it was the sound of distant helicopter blades approaching. Gastonish peeked through the slight opening of the door and strained her eyes to see the helicopter in the distance of the morning sky.
The cabin was suddenly a much too obvious hiding place. Gastonish swung open the door and ran outside. With wide quick strides, Gastonish raced along the trail which led around the lake.  The helicopter was much to close for her to continue. She jumped off the path and hid in a bush near the wood shed. The AH-64 Apache military helicopter rose over the trees from a near by hillside and immediately it was right over top of Gastonish. Clearly they knew where she was. The search light blinded her eyes with its intensity and it also lit up her surroundings. With a quick glance she saw the wood shed was the closest place for her. She dashed for it to find cover. 
The Apache helicopter considered her actions to be aggressive. It wasn't until she was out of sight when the helicopter retaliated. They squeezed off a burst from the helicopters main frontal flame thrower at the wood shed and it bursted into light, splinters and fire.

With her eyes opening to a movement of strange shadows, Gastonish perceived but could not decipher between dream and reality. The shadows became beings, but not volks, and the dream became reality, but not a reality Gastonish had ever known before. The beings moved back and forth as though confused and panicking. Searching the minds of the being who surrounded her, Gastonish could not find evil and malice in them. These creatures, she found, wanted to learn more about her. Though the creatures could be moved to violence quickly through fear, they preferred peace so Gastonish did not reflect harm or violence on them. 
Bonds restrained Gastonish's limbs to a bed and needle like devices endlessly probed her body. Gastonish noticed her body, different now but she was unable to determine exactly how different it was. The endless probing was so painful. Bright lights flashed in the tight room. Some penetrating lights would flash directly into Gastonishs eyes causing flash backs of her life. Flash backs of her husband's death. A speech was exchanged between the shadow beings but Gastonish could not understand the words. This made little difference because she could hear their thoughts and knew their meaning. Awake for only a few minutes, before a wave of pain rolled over Gastonish and she helplessly fell enslaved to the reality of dreams again and slept.

Gastonish woke up and fought with passion to stay awake. Hours must have gone by but she felt so fuzzy headed Gastonish was not sure just how much time eluded her. Lifting her head, Gastonish realized just how stiff and sore she was before looking around the room. Eyesight blurred, the room was bright and hazy. Relying on all of her senses, Gastonish noticed she was alone. She wanted to cover her face with her hands in fear, but Gastonish's ankles and wrists were still strapped to the bed bars with leather bindings. A sudden sense of captivity shivered through her body, waking her up to a new reality as a stranger in a strange world. Gastonish found the foreign feeling terrifying. Her entire body was numb, cocooned in bandages, and itchy. The itchy feeling was like a tormenting pain and Gastonish tried to think of just one place on her body where she didn't painfully itch, but she couldn't. She relaxed her hands and tried to scream but Gastonish could not because her throat was too dry and sore from oxygen feeding tubes. Within her mind Gastonish called out to her sertz 'Xonox!'
I AM HERE, ROMULAW, ANCHORED TO YOUR MIND. NO ONE HAS DISCOVERED ME YET, BUT IT BECOMES MORE DIFFICULT TO REMAIN ELUSIVE WHEN THEY KEEP ON COVERING YOUR EARS WITH BANDAGES. AT FIRST I WAS CONSTANTLY ON THE MOVE TRYING TO SABOTAGE THESE BEINGS STRANGE EQUIPMENT. NOW, I REALIZE THEY SINCERELY WANT TO HELP YOU TO GET BETTER AND STAY STRONG. IVE BEEN WORKING YOUR NEURAL SYSTEMS TO HELP YOUR BODY HEAL FASTER. The little synthetic robot paused as something disturbed it. SOMEONE APPROACHES, MAJESTY, I MUST LEAVE HERE NOW AND KEEP FROM BEING DISCOVERED. Exiting the ear and burning through the bandages, Xonox sped away toward the ceiling in a twisty fluent flight. Again, Xonox virtually disappeared.
A group of six men entered the room wearing white full body protective suits and heavy black rubber gloves. It looked like they were called in to handle something radio active, like uranium. Xonox flew outside and hid outside the window when one person immediately began to monitor Gastonishs body with a Geiger counter while the others stood around her and watched. Another of the men bent over her face saying, She is awake. You think we should continue, Dr. Grant? It sounded like the voice was being spoken into a bucket.
We are here to do a job, aren't we? Of course we will continue. replied the muffled voice of Dr. Grant.
But don't you think we will have a problem if she sees herself in the mirror after we have taken the bandages off? I mean, there is no telling what she maybe capable of.
We will deal with that if we have to but I don't think it matters if we get a reaction out of her now or later do you? It will be the same reaction no matter when we do it. Besides, she's weak. I don't want to see her upset when she's strong. Whats the Geiger reading?
Examining the reading from the devise, the report came from the assistant, We are at safe levels of radiation here, sir.
But sir, perhaps we should cut the bandages off while she is tied up anyway. The doctor gestured with one hand.
All right, Dr. Evon, we'll do it your way. Lets get busy men. At the word, everyone went straight to work.
They cut the bandages off slowly... Too slowly. The sound the scissors made as they cut through the bandages were almost enough to drive Gastonish mad. -Scrunch - scrunch - scrunch!- Gastonish watched what was happening from the mirror at the far end of the wall. When the final bandage was removed and the man stepped out of her way Gastonish took a good long look and was horrified at what she saw.
 Skin, blistered and blackened with burns of pink and red, Gastonish examined her flesh; scorched, melted and much of it missing all together. Gastonish's hands didn't have the metacarpal raised from the surface and her muscles were substantially smaller. Where Gastonish used to have hard plates on her shoulders, forearms, and feet, she found nothing more than black charred remains of the bone plates surrounded with scarred tissue. Her ears were burned completely off. Her fingernails were black or missing. Her entire gum line was still full of molar size teeth as always, and her skeletal frame also remained original with long limbs, fingers and neck. Gastonish didn't know what to think of any of it. Was it a dream, or a joke? Surely, it couldnt be real. The creatures of this world had physical structures like volks, and if they were burned like she was, theyd appear quite similar. Gastonish wondered if the creatures of this new world thought she was one of them. Only, Gastonish had no doubts, she was hideous and she would remain so until she found a way home to her own kind. Rather than crying out savagely, Gastonish just lowered her head and wept mournfully. Her skin still felt like it was burning as it made contact with the air.
The men in white suites became very busy poking and prodding Gastonish in all sorts of places. They checked her eyes, mouth, nose and what was left of her ears. Gastonish was relieved Xonox had the good sense to get out. They checked her skin and temperature and by the time they were finished, Gastonish felt like her skin was going to burst into flames again.
In just a few minutes, Gastonish heard a nurse enter the room. She observed the shadowy form holding a tray. Is this a bad time for me to try feeding her? asked Nurse Sophia compassionately. It would be a good idea to get her started on eating for herself again. Ive brought something simple to start with, apple sauce and ice cream.
With dirty blond locks of hair and thin gold rimmed glasses, Nurse Sophia was very beautiful. When she spoke, her soft pink lipstick became the focal point. The second thing the doctors noticed was a beauty mark on her slender naked neck.
No, it should be all right. We are finished here, but we will stick around to help you re-dress her wraps and monitor any changes. answered one of the men in white. Nurse Sophia nodded and approached Gastonish with the tray of clean dressings and a small dish of apple sauce. Gastonish lifted her sad eyes to Nurse Sophia and asked, in a raspy voice, W-w-what is this place?
Nurse Sophia cut in, Hold on. We have lots of time to talk. We are sure happy youre awake. Now, why don't we take it real slow. I'll just take this intravenous out and start you on some ice cream. It should go down easy. With a snap of her wrist, Nurse Sophia pulled the thin tube of intravenous from Gastonishs arm. Gastonish flinched and gasped in surprise. She would have responded with a sharper reaction, but her body was drained physically and emotionally.
Sorry about that, but if I warned you, it would have hurt more. You have surprised me. I was not expecting you to be in such a good mood. If you keep your spirits high, everything else will be a breeze. Now, I am going to leave for a moment and return with Doctor Evon and his associates. You'll like him, he is very popular around here. In the meantime, try to eat some ice cream. With a cautious eye, Nurse Sophia unlocked and unstrapped one of the bindings holding Gastonish's right arm before the nurse hustled out of the room.
Gastonish looked around the room as hard as she could. The doctors applied an ointment to her burns and Gastonish didnt flinch in pain at all. The room was cluttered full of mechanical and computer equipment which made little beeps, chirps and hums. She looked down at the bed tray which laid across her stomach. Squinting her eyes to see, Gastonish looked at the dish of apple sauce and ice cream and beside it was a spoon, but she had no idea how to work a spoon.
A human, dressed in a white lab coat, entered the room and eagerly pulled up a chair to Gastonishs bed. Gastonish heard the sound of a plastic tupper ware box being placed on a nearby counter. She was unable to turn her head as the new bandages were being applied to her head.
Hello there, my name is Doctor Nicolas Grant. Ive been waiting impatiently for you to wake up so I could finally meet you. The Doctors introduction was polite yet still very foreign to Gastonish. Dr. Nicolas Grant was a heavy set short man with a round face. His hair was grey and cut short except the crown of his head where he was no longer able to grow any hair at all. From Dr. Grant's sharp, bushy, triangular eyebrows, and the lines of his fore head, it was clear his years of study and experience had made him an expert in his field. One could almost see the brilliance of his mind in his features. With me is a colleague of mine, his name is Dr. Evon.
With silver, wavy, short hair upon his long thin head, Dr. Evon wore a lab coat which was obviously a couple sizes too small. He had heavy bags under his eyes and lines of experience distinguished his facial features. He kept a stethoscope slung loosely over his left shoulder.
Are you going to hurt me? Gastonish asked with an all knowing gaze in her eyes.
Dr. Evon was surprised by Gastonishs response. He sat back in his chair and looked up at the ceiling. Wow! You speak, and quite well in fact. Looking back at Gastonish, Dr. Grant stoked his chin before he continued. Of course we wont hurt you, we only want to help you and understand you. answered the doctor, cocking one eyebrow with inherent question.
My eyes... I can not see you very well, however I do not believe I have encountered a being like you before. Gastonish replied as she gazed off out the window like she was looking far off to a distance.
Well, who is examining who here? Dr. Evon smiled, intrigued. Tell me, if you are not from around here, how is it you know how to communicate in our language? Dr. Evon's speculation spread to the others like a disease.
By reading the minds of the people of the room, Gastonish quickly acquired information of understanding so she could understand and speak like everyone else, besides Gastonishs little robotic sertz had a lot of time to decipher the language. When it anchored itself within Gastonishs ear it could then up load the information into Gastonishs mind. Of course Gastonish could not use this explanation without revealing her sertz so she said, Where I come from we have learned this language. It is one of several languages we know.
Dr. Grant raised his eye brows and chuckled with a half smile. He made a note where he would come back to the question of language at a later date. Since I want to get to know you and you want to get to know me, then lets start with your name. Do you have a name?
Another human doctor entered the room and stood behind Nurse Sophia silently. Gastonish was bewildered by the situation and the sight of how strange the inhabitants appeared, because to Gastonish, the people looked unreal, like some sort of fantasy characters. She had difficulty speaking. With her dry raspy voice, Gastonish was only able to say, Ah, umm....Gas...
The doctors looked at each other and tried to determine if the patient was telling them her name or if there was something else she was trying to tell them.
Nurse Sophia, please help the patient to the bathroom while we refer to our notes.
After loosening the bindings, Nurse Sophia walked around Gastonishs bed to assist her. Gastonish tried to move with a start. She felt an additional weight gain in her mid section.
Why do I feel so heavy? What happened to my stomach? Gastonish asked dryly with one hand supporting her weight as her other hand draped gently over her large belly.
You are at the end of the final trimester of your pregnancy. answered Nurse Sophia with a heartfelt tone.
Pregnancy? Gastonish repeated in suspense. Of course, now she remembered. Mulunac and Gastonish were very excited to become parents, but at the time it was so new and they, together, believed they had all the time in the galaxy to get used to the idea, but now she was at the final trimester and the baby would be born soon... Too soon.
Yes, you came to us pregnant. Nurse Sophia told her as she secured a new hold under Gastonishs arms to help her out of the bed. With her enormous stomach, Gastonish found she was even larger than most pregnant wovolks shed known. Generally, wovolks are larger than a human pregnant woman would be, but Gastonish found she was almost twice as large. We have been monitoring your health along with the health of your two babies. Nurse Sophia continued. We did this in conjunction with your recovery. We have over come impossible odds at sparing no expense to ensure your survival. Gastonish strained to sit upright and Nurse Sophia assisted her. At this point we believe we have beaten all of the possible threats which may have been dangerous to you and your babies. Your chances of survival from here are very good, you will be just fine. explained the warm and caring Nurse Sophia, positively.
Babies? Gastonish questioned, wincing and shaking her head with disbelief.
Yes, you are pregnant with twins. Nurse Sophia told her with a great deal of certainty.
Gastonish placed her bare feet on the cold floor and the weight of her stomach pulled her forward. She tried to stand but her legs were very weak. With the assistance of the nurse they walked slowly, taking very small steps. For Gastonish, it was like she had to learn how to walk all over again. Nurse Sophia quickly slid a metal support frame in front of Gastonish and she used the walker to keep from falling. With small shuffling movements, Gastonish waddled her way toward the bathroom. When they entered the bathroom, Gastonish could not understand the function of the facilities.
May I be alone for a moment? Gastonish pleaded nervously.
I don't think that would be a good idea. You can hardly stand on your own. implored Nurse Sophia with sound advise.
Gastonish concentrated on her strength and balance before she shoved Nurse Sophia away from her. I will be just fine. Gastonish insisted as she wobbled a little with concentration in her eyes as she managed to stand free of any support.
Nurse Sophia stared at Gastonish skeptically, before giving in and leaving the bathroom, but the nurse did not close the door completely. Gastonish settled herself down. She managed to open the window to take a deep breath of fresh air because the smell of medicine and sicknesses were beginning to bother her. Before long, Xonox came to Gastonish through the window and entered her ear.
When Gastonish returned, she had more strength and visual awareness. What exactly is this place? Gastonish directed her question to Dr. Grant, tilting her head of fresh bandages to listen to his answer with interest.
The doctor started, Well... Miss, you are in the California Institute of science and Technology. You've been in a coma for quite some time, but you have not always been here. You have been bumped from one location to another frequently.
How long do I have before I give birth? asking intensely, Gastonish pushed each word out roughly.
We can't be sure, from what I have heard, it seems your pregnancy is much more complex than any other ever recorded. It looks like your babies might be born premature, but that is nothing to be alarmed about. Not at this stage anyway. We have many options to ensure the welfare of your babies. From our assessment, we expected your babies to be born at any time, and we are perfectly prepared. The doctor explained. Now, we have completed many ultra-sounds and they have left us very uncertain as to how exactly your babies will appear when they are born. From the beginning we have detected slight variations to the fetuses growth rate and structure. I know this may be an awkward question for you to answer, but we need to know, who is the father? Just after Dr. Grant asked the question, the door opened and another associate Dr. McNeil, who was also dressed in white, entered the room. Dr. Grant turned to the young new comer and frowned.
The Irish doctor simply ignored Dr. Grants look, but made a conscious effort to nod to Dr. Evon. With grey patches of hair at the sides of his head, Dr. McNeil wore a lab coat which seemed to be a couple of sizes to large and open at the front. His ageless face was proof of his brilliance as the youngest member to secure a masterful position amongst the agencys ranks.
My husband?! Is he here? Gastonish asked impatiently but even as she asked the question, she remembered how he died. The mention of her husband compelled her to cling to the hope that he may have beaten the impossible odds just as she had.
No, actually we have no idea who or where your relatives are. Dr. Grant spoke as considerately as he could.
Dr. McNeil stepped in close to Gastonish. His eyes were full of wonder as he examined her closely, If you help us we can give you your identity back to you. When the doctor finished speaking, memories flooded Gastonishs mind. Remembering the circumstances which brought her thus far, Gastonish went all the way to the beginning where she even recalled her life on Verticus. Remembering everything, Gastonish took a deep breath and reached under the bed tray. She took a fist full of the covers and pulled them right up to her chin. When fully under the covers once more, Gastonish stared down at the ice cream and apple sauce set before her. Skeptically, she looked at the strange food and lost her enthusiasm to talk.
Ma'am, please don't shut us out, we only want to help you. There was a slight pause. Dr. Grant looked at his counterparts as he searched for any suggestions they might have. 
Dr. Evon shuffled his chair a little closer to Gastonish, Do you like ice cream? Perhaps you are not hungry right now.
Gastonish sniffed in sadness for the loss of her husband, in her frail vulnerability she asked, How am I supposed to eat this?
Dr. McNeil and Nurse Sophia stood behind Dr. Evon where they looked at one another trying to decide which of them would assist Gastonish. Dr. Evon reached forward and took the spoon. He scooped up a very small portion of the ice cream and held it near Gastonishs lips. She looked at Dr. Evon, opened her mouth and accepted it.
Ooo, its cold, but the flavor is sweet. responded Gastonish.
Hmm, you act as though you have never tried ice cream before? Observed Dr. Grant.
Gastonish found it hard to keep her feelings suppressed. She needed desperately to mourn the death of her husband in silence, but she continued to fight on. Looking around the room again, Gastonish's vision had practically fully restored. Examining each human face one at a time, Gastonish used the power of her telepathic mind to see inside each one.
Nurse Sophia placed the plastic box on the bed tray. Lets try to take this slow. We have some... things here and we're not too sure what they are or what they might be used for. Perhaps you can shed some light on what they might be.
Gastonish looked inside the box Dr. McNeil had brought with him. Gasping in astonishment, Gastonish looked at her former body parts which were gathered in front of her. They were burned, dry and flaky, as if the life had been sucked out of them. What is it, Mrs.? Does it seem to trigger a memory? Or anything that could explain these items? Dr. Grant began to show signs of desperation as he asked, but Gastonish refused to answer. Dr. Evon signaled for the others to leave and they did so but they left the video camera on. 
The good Dr. Grant leaned in closer to Gastonish and whispered. Now, look, we know there is something very odd about you. Your skeleton and dental records reveal you are not exactly human. Don't get me wrong, you could most certainly pass off as human to the untrained eye, but we have done further studies like a DNA study which revealed you have an extra chromosome. How do you explain all of this?
A synthetic voice spoke from within Gastonish's mind. The speed at which the voice spoke made no sense to human understanding, but Gastonish was familiar with it. The speedily spoken words blended together. Volks were able to not only understand this method of communication but they could speak it as well.
THESE/HUMANS/MAY/NOT/BE/AS/TRUSTWORTHY/AS/THEY/SEEM.YOU/ARE/VULNERABLE.DO/NOT/GIVE/THEM/ANY/INFORMATION/FOR/THE/MOMENT/UNTIL/WE/ARE/AUTHORIZED/BY/A/THRUSTLE\T.WE/MUST/UNDERSTAND/THEIR/MOTIVES/BEFORE/WE/CAN/ANSWER/THEIR/QUESTIONS.EVER/SINCE/WE/HAVE/RETURNED/TO/VERTICUS,I/HAVE/NOT/BEEN/ABLE/TO/ESTABLISH/A/LINK/WITH/HIVE/CENTRAL/OR/THE/THRUSTLE\T.I/WILL/CONTINUE/MY /EFFORTS.TELL/THEM/NOTHING.
These items mean nothing to me. Gastonishs eyes began to tear up. Please leave, I want to be alone. she added sympathetically.
I am sorry but I am not leaving, this is very important to us, Dr. Grant reminded Gastonish as he passed the box to her to hold.
Looking at the box, Gastonish found it was very heavy. Gastonish slowly emptied the articles from the box one by one. First she pulled out a long flat stratum plate. It was burned black and crumbled easily. She recognized it as her missing shoulder plate. With a closer look Gastonish discovered the stratum plate had been surgically removed. She picked up a small sample within a zip lock plastic bag of what looked to be grey dust mixed with soot. Opening the bag Gastonish pulled a little out. Once she got a good look at the dust and peelings she realized it was flakes of greyish blue skin, Gastonishs old skin. After finding five of her finger nail caps, Gastonish had seen enough and quickly put everything away.
The doctors could see Gastonish was obviously reacting to the items, What is it? Do you remember something? skeptically decisive, the doctors observed Gastonish closely.
I don't remember anything, Gastonish said, shaking herself out of a moment of thought. Where did you find this stuff?
Dr. Grant released a breath of disappointment before he approached her. That sounds like a question we should ask you, but you can't remember. 
Dr. Evon gave Gastonish the eye. You see, when you first came here from where you were found, Anderson Lake, you were burned to a crisp. To tell you the truth, you looked like a mess, and you weren't expected to live very long. Dr. Evon paused, trying to understand the emotions Gastonish was feeling. 
Dr. Grant took charge again, Resilient to excruciating pain, burns to eighty-five percent of your body, we have managed to not only keep you alive, but your babies as well. Gastonish closed her eyes as though sad about something. Dr. Grant paused for a moment, before he asked, Is there something wrong?
I'm sorry, I would like to have a moment of solitude. I have a lot to think about, and even more to remember. Gastonish lowered her head reverently.
How long do you think you can keep this up? Dr. Grant asked with a coy expression. At some point you will talk. Now, if that means you are honest with us or we have to take the information from you, it is your choice. Dr. Grant and Dr. Evon stood up and walked to the door. Reaching out Dr. Grant took hold of the door knob. Dr. Evon turned back to Gastonish, I'll be in from time to time so I can start you eating some food and basically just check up on you. Remember, press this button if you need us for anything. With that, they slipped out the door. Outside, the two doctors met with their superiors who demanded an update.
Well, tell us what we are dealing with, Doctors.
Dr. Grant looked at them. He was somewhat set off guard as he wasnt expecting to run into them right away. Life, we know it is here because it is all around us and within us, but can it exist out there, beyond our planet, beyond our known world?
This was not the statement these government officials were looking for. They pressed the doctors further for details, but Dr. Grant and Dr. Evon were vague and gave them nothing.

The next morning, Gastonish woke up in a cold sweat. Looking around the room, Gastonish found she was still in the hospital. She, once again, looked down at her pregnant belly, and couldn't help wondering what her children were going to look like, or how long it was going to take until she gave birth to them. It appeared to Gastonish, how she could go into labour any moment.
Soon, Nurse Sophia arrived with a tray full of food. Gastonish found the food disgusting. As Gastonish ate, she asked, Could I get out and get some fresh air? I'd really appreciate it if I could look around.
Nurse Sophia replied, By the time you finish eating, I'll be back with a wheelchair, okay?
Gastonish could not simply sit in a wheelchair and be taken outside for some fresh air. Security of the premises was beefed-up and Gastonish was re-wrapped in bandages and gauze to protect her sensitive deep burns. Finally, they draped a large black cloak over her which had a hood big enough to shroud her head.
Though Gastonish could not feel the breeze on her skin or enjoy the sights of the sunny day, she took in as much fresh air as she could and relaxed in the sounds of birds chirping in the trees. As Nurse Sophia pushed Gastonishs wheelchair through the park, Gastonish asked Nurse Sophia a question which was weighing heavily on her mind. What is your planets name?
Nurse Sophia was taken back for a moment but she answered, This is Earth, of course. Is there something wrong?
Oh, no. I just, um... I'm just trying to make certain there won't be any more surprises. So far I find I easily become confused with simple minor details. Gastonish was glad her bandages did cover her face because she was a terrible liar.
They moved down the narrow path a little further when Gastonish felt a strange pushing in her lower abdomen. Shortly, a sharp pain occurred low in her stomach. Nurse Sophia stopped the wheelchair and locked the wheels. Examining Gastonishs pregnant belly Nurse Sophia realized it was a strong contraction. Without panicking, Nurse Sophia simply unlocked the wheelchair and headed back to the hospital.
Im ready to birth my babies!!! shouted Gastonish in pain. The second contraction came just one minute after the first. Nurse Sophia wasnt the only one convinced Gastonish was having false labour pains. Still, the nurse had to take the situation seriously as she was instructed to report any changes as soon as possible. Though Nurse Sophia couldn't believe true labour pains could arise so quickly, she was not authorized to make such presumptions. Gastonish's presence alone put the medical staff on edge and her distress quickly stirred everyone into a panic.
Within the main doors, Nurse Sophia grabbed the nearest phone and paged Dr. Grant, Doctor? This is Nurse Sophia. Patient-X has just started her contractions and they're a minute apart!
What?! Thats impossible! They must be false. Take her back to her room, hook her up to the monitors and I will be there shortly. The doctor considered the possibilities, who knew what to expect from this strange patient. Dr. Grant realized this could very well be the first time a human ever witnessed a birth from this species. He quickly called his two closest assistants, Dr. Evon and Dr. McNeil with an update.
A few minutes passed before Dr. Grant met with Gastonish in her medical room. In the meantime, other doctors and nurses were franticly setting up equipment which would be needed for the delivery while others were finishing the removing of Gastonishs bandages. Nurse Sophia was in a tangle of wires when she noticed Dr. Evon had arrived. Oh, Doctor I'm glad youre here! I was just going to get you. Patient-X is having some strange symptoms.!
Why is this patient on the floor?! Dr. Evon liked prompt answers in an emergency situation. When they were not delivered, he became frustrated. His stare could make a person feel two inches tall.
Sh-she is hot. We had to remove her from the bed. replied Nurse Sophia with a shaky hand waving some of her sweaty hair from her face.
Since when did this sort of patient care become common practice? Dr. Evon wiped the sweat from his frustrated brow as he noticed the room was uncomfortably warm. Dr. Evon locked his gaze with Dr. Grant for a moment. Dr. Grant was less than professional as he sat, slouching in a chair at a distance from Gastonish because the heat coming from her was uncomfortably hot. Not being able to predict what would happen next and knowing they did not anticipate how to control what was happening in the present, Dr. Grant was week and helpless.
Nurse Sophia continued to explain the situation to Dr. Evon, Gastonish is hot! I-I mean too hot to even touch, Doctor. We were worried about the possibility where if her temperature continued to rise, the sheets would begin to burn. Just look at the trouble these doctors are having trying to remove the last of the bandages. The gauze is fusing to her skin. the nurse answered in short breaths of panic. It was clear the doctors could barely reach the bandages through the distorted waves of heat emanating from Gastonish. And the babies! What can we do? Nurse Sophia was sweating from head to toe. Her hair dangled in loose strands from her tightly tied bun.
Dr. Evon approached Gastonish. He could not believe the level of heat which radiated from Gastonish's pregnant body. With Gastonish's flesh beginning to emit light, Dr. Evon tried to get as close as he could. The last of the gauze melted away in a wisp of smoke. Three feet from Gastonish was the best Dr.Evon could do. Everyone in the room took notice to the hot pink glow of Gastonish's huge pregnant belly. It was as though she was going to either explode or give birth to red hot coals. Dr. Evon realized it was not Gastonish's skin which was glowing but the twins within.
Dr. Evon jumped back and gasped for some cool air. His face was red as though sun burnt. Get the fire hoses in here immediately! We are going to dowse her. Hopefully, we can contain or even stop the burning. Dr. Evon left the room assisting the weakened Dr. Grant.
The doctors organized themselves into groups for shifts to go in and worked very fast fast near the heat of Gastonish. They unraveled the fire hose and began spraying Gastonish. Someone pulled the fire alarm and the building began evacuation. Steam hissed in great bellowing clouds. Gastonish was in too much pain to feel any comfort or discomfort from the water.
Dr. Grant and Dr. Evon returned to the room dressed in a full radiation suits. Dr. Grant held a radiation meter in his hand and approached Gastonish while Dr. Evon inched the fire hose closer holding the water pressure on her. The large bulge of Gastonish's pregnant belly was both the source of light and heat. Dr. Grant found the meter readings quickly jumped into the red.
Could that glow be some sort of bio-luminescence? came a voice from the inquisitive Dr. Evon, as the spray of water evaporated before it reached Gastonish.
Gastonish is radiating too much heat! Nurse Sophia replied as though about to feint.
And what is that smell? Where do you think its coming from? More questions came from the doctors, nurses and scientists.
Its coming from her! voices began to rise sharply almost immediately. The smell they were referring to was a unique trait to volk body odours. This odour was a capable quarantine gas to protect from air born infectious diseases. The odour will go out ahead of the body as a form of sterilization protection. It was natural for the odour to be quite strong at the time of a volk birth.
Dr. McNeil finally came through the door when Gastonish looked up at the doctor and screamed in agony. The heat and energy within the room almost knocked Dr. McNeil right back out the door. A bright light began to appear from between her legs. Dr. Grant tossed his radiation meter aside and went to Gastonish in some sort of attempt to help her. He turned to Dr. Evon sharply. Shut off the damn water!
Dr. McNeil spun the valve which cut water pressure to the hose. When the water was off, Nurse Sophia shouted. Doctor Grant, get out of there! Something is coming out!!!
Gastonish pushed with all of her strength, and out came a white glowing soft shelled egg. The surface of the egg was not only smooth and glossy, but somehow metallic. An organic twisty umbilical cord was attached to the mysterious egg. Gastonish laid on the floor in a pool of steamy water. She was limp. Her frail Volk body was barely strong enough to cope with the strain of the birth. Dr. Grant realized the expelled heat and radiation was dropping rapidly. He approached the egg which laid on the floor between Gastonishs legs. Another heat wave came from Gastonish and knocked the doctor back. Light came from Gastonish again as a second egg followed the first.
Doctor Grant gently placed one hand on the first egg and looked at Gastonish. I won't do anything to harm them. he reassured her. Gastonish said nothing and barely acknowledged his existence. The light and heat quickly subsided when both of the eggs were delivered. Gastonish, weak and breathless, did nothing. Perhaps she will die now. Dr. Grant wondered, before he called for some small wash tubs, clamps and scissors. 
Before the items arrived, Dr. Grant found his radiation meter and recalibrated for levels of radiation in the room. Finding low signals, the doctor removed his hooded helmet and tried to make Gastonish more comfortable with pillows. Soaking wet pillows were the only ones available. Dr. Grant clamped the umbilical cords in two places before Dr. Evon cut the cords between the clamps. Dr. McNeil prepared luke warm water in two large tubs.
Next, the Doctor gently placed the eggs into the tubs which had been filled with warm water. The eggs cooled and entirely lost their glow. Dr. Grant, Dr. Evon and Dr. McNeil were unsure how to handle the eggs so they worked together washing them in water before taking them to Gastonish on the floor. Placing the two eggs beside Gastonish, the three doctors sat with the new mother on the wet floor. Gastonish turned her head to the flimsy metallic shelled eggs. She lifted her hand and gently touched one of the eggs. Strength was slowly returning to Gastonish before Dr. Evon noticed her short raspy breaths and sunken eyes of dehydration. Nurse Sophia! Dr. Evon called out. Bring this patient a cup of water and some crushed ice. Nurse Sophia turned swiftly and headed off for water and ice. The other surrounding doctors and nurses didn't know where to begin their analogy of the situation. They all needed treatment for their own shock.
One nearby doctor asked, What is in the eggs? the soft shell of one of the eggs moved.
Another spoke. Perhaps we should be prepared to defend ourselves. Who knows what might come out and how it will feed.
Gastonish was shocked. N-no! It is only your fear speaking. These are my babies, not some wild animal! You dare harm them! she spoke with a dry, gnarly voice. Get away from them! I wont let you even touch them with your dirty, wicked hands.
Please calm down. Dr. Grant told Gastonish. 
You men at the door, I want you to leave immediately! We will not give into any further speculations of fear. This is a new experience for all of us. Dr. Evon gave them the stare. The crowd of doctors and nurses moved out of the room, but they continued to watch from the open door for nothing could quench their curiosity. 
Dr. Grant turned back to face Gastonish. I am sorry for their comments. They are just frightened, thats all. No one here has seen such an unusual birth before... Er, were these unusual births? Dr. Grants question was asked as delicately as he could.
Unusual? I don't understand. to Gastonish the question seemed so odd.
Yes, have you ever seen anything like that before? The Doctor pursued. Nurse Sophia returned with a paper cup of water. She approached Gastonish cautiously and held out the cup for Gastonish to take it. Gastonish did not respond. When the nurses hand began to tremble, Dr. Grant took the cup from her and held it to Gastonishs lips. She sipped at first, before she began to take deep gulps until the cup was empty.
Gastonish was silent, looking at the Doctor with worrisome eyes. I am scared. What will happen to my babies? Please don't take them away. From a hopeless moment of despair, Gastonish wept.
No harm will come to these... Um... these, well at the moment what we have here are eggs. Observed Dr. Grant, knowing all the while the eggs his eyes beheld were like nothing recorded in history. How long will it be before they hatch?
Gastonish, much stronger from her drink of water, reached forward and tore open one of the organic egg-sacks. A clear gel-like liquid poured out. Gastonish reached in and pulled out a volk baby which was not much larger than a new born human. The body, curled up like a ball, was translucent as though its body was seen from an X-ray. No! Gastonish exclaimed, exasperated as she examined her baby. She patted its little back. This is not right
What! What is not right? Dr. Grant could hardly speak fast enough. He waved for the others to come back into the room. The doctors and nurses hurried about in preparation for an emergency.
Too small Gastonish said. The baby is too small and it has not taken its first breath.
Let me have him. Dr. Grant said as he moved his arms in and around the baby to lift it away from its mother. Gastonish resisted Dr. Grant for a moment. Their eyes locked and Gastonish was about to use her own special brand of persuasion when Dr. Evon intervened. When Dr. Evon caught Gastonish's eye, Gastonish saw something genuinely honest in Dr. Evon's eyes. A brief moment later, Gastonish let the baby go and it was carried over to a special fabric covered table.
Check pulse and prepare for CPR. They tried all they could to save the baby but it was no use. 
One of the other doctors examined the baby and said, It has been dead for about a day.
Gastonish felt like her heart fell out of her chest and landed on the floor. She snapped out of her grief quickly when Dr. Grant came near to Gastonish's bed and scooped the second egg away from her.
Looking into Dr. Grant's mind, Gastonish could see a well concealed mind of trickery. When she found, Dr. Nicolas Grant had plans to take her babies from her and turn them into weapons, she was angered, No you dont! Gastonish said as she leaned forward to rise out of her bed. Doctors ran at Gastonish to push her back into her bed before they strapped her arms and legs in, but she was too powerful for them, Gastonish could not be moved. As Gastonish levitated, the room began to flood with her overwhelming presence of power.
With the powerful energy of her mind, Gastonish took control over everyone in the room. First, Gastonish telepathically caused everyone to freeze in place.
Dr. Grant, controlled by Gastonish, gently set the egg on the floor at his feet. Empty handed, Dr. Grant stood up and turned to Gastonish. He was shaking as though petrified with fear. Blood began to trickle from his nose as Dr. Grant's own death could be predicted in the stress of his own eyes. All of the doctors and nurses were forcefully pushed to the wet floor and each one felt a great weight pressing down on them.
Dr. Nicolas Grant, founder and president of Knolix projects, who had been granted first hand executive stewardship from the secretary of defense over appropriated extra-terrestrial life, had found himself in a powerless situation. Gastonish had Dr. Grant's body lifted off the floor and uncomfortably seized before she used a telepathic suggestion to tightened his heart until it stopped beating all together.
When the dead body of Dr. Grant fell to the floor, Gastonish conducted a meeting of open telepathy with the other doctors and nurses who were still being pressed to the floor.
'Does anyone else wish to meet with the same demise as the late Dr. Grant?' Gastonish asked with the certainty that it was quite easy to do. The doctors and nurses were not only too scared to answer, they had no practise at answering questions telepathically. Most everyone was screaming in agony and fear in their minds. 'I will accommodate a quick death to you right this instant, all you have to do is share with me the thoughts you might have for bringing harm to a child of mine. So how shall it be? Do you want to hurt my babies?' Gastonish listened to the thoughts of the doctors and nurses. 
Dr. Evon began to communicate, 'Please, you are making a mistake here. No one wants to bring harm to you or your offspring.'
'Listen to him, he is right!' Dr. McNeil added in support of the situation.
'I do not believe you. Your people are unpredictable in the ways of truth. How can I be certain my babies will be protected? Or do I need to destroy all human life on this planet to ensure our safety and survival?' asked Gastonish with a most dire threat.
'You are powerful,' Dr. Evon told Gastonish, 'We value not only our own lives, but the lives of everyone throughout the world. We will do whatever it takes to protect ourselves and if that means protecting you and your babies, then that is what we will do.'
'Besides,' the mind of Dr. McNeil added, 'We also value the lives of your kind as well. We do not wish to harm you. We only wish to understand you better so we can one day co-exist in peace.'
Dr. Evon contributed next, 'Let us agree from this moment, in the name of peace, you and your kind will never use your abilities to harm a human again, just as none of us will harm you or your kind in the future. Agreed?'
Gastonish processed this thought for an extra second or two before answering, 'Agreed.' because Gastonish found sincerity in the doctors, she agreed, but she was prepared to disappear from the sight of humans until she was strong. Then Gastonish would have brought death upon the humans of this world.
The force holding the doctors and nurses to the floor vanished. And everyone stood up with caution. Dr. Evon was the first to figure out how Gastonish was able to use her telepathic powers to cause everyone to project upon themselves, the notion of being held down to the floor.
While Dr. Evon was making preparations to have the volk baby cleaned up and delivered to the mother, Dr. McNeil was busy making preparations to have the body of Dr. Grant laid to rest. Dr. Evon did not take the egg out of the room, rather he simply placed it onto another portable table and used a sharp surgical tool to carefully cut the egg open.

At the dawn of a new day, I was carried into the light, and everyone could see me. The doctors and nurses crept closer for a better look. They could practically see right through me. All of my parts were right where they were supposed to be. My skin, muscles and bones were translucent. Everything was exposed, even my brain, body organs and strong beating heart.
A meeting took place where Dr. Evon and Dr. McNeil were appointed powers from both the president of the United States and the secretary of defense whereby, Dr. Evon inherited the title of president of all Knolix projects, and Dr. McNeil was granted the title of vice president. Between the two of them, they were to share the responsibility of first hand executive stewardship over appropriated extra-terrestrial life.
Dr. Evon did all he could to keep his mind on his job and not let the death of his mentor affect him. I was cleaned up quickly. Dr. Evon wrapped me in a soft baby blanket and placed me on my mothers chest with kindness and care. Other doctors released the straps for Gastonish so she could hold me. 
Gastonish, my mother, held me onto her chest by my ankles as she rubbed my back forcing clear liquid gel out of my lungs. When I took my first breath and coughed, I did not cry.
Dr. Evons eyes became glossy as he was in deep thought or perhaps some sort of shock. He examined me with a look of surprise and awe in his eyes. They were all looking at me, studying me up and down, but mostly, the people were fascinated by my eyes. I made connections with each one and learned a lot. It was like each person in the room had a photo album of their mind and I quickly flipped through their histories. For the people I connected with, they to saw images of their own past. Dr. Evon didnt realize that he took a step back with worrisome eyes full of questions.
While the two babies were being measured for size and weight, a photographer entered the room. He tried to step close and slipped a little on the wet floor when he first saw the babies and mother. An obvious subconscious battle within the photographer did not permit him to cross the final distance of five feet. He relied on his zoom lens to capture the close-ups.
With a more extensive study, Dr. Evon noticed odd baby blue lumps which formed on my shoulders, fore arms, and feet. The same lumps were also found, quite smaller, on each of the white metacarpals of my hands and the metatarsals of my feet. My fingernails did not cover only the top of my fingertips but the entire fingertips, the same went for my toes. My ears were pointed at the ends 
My ear pinna, or more specifically, my tragus and anti-tragus was able to open and close which could choke off my auditory canal completely like using ear plugs or sticking my fingers in my ears. This was handy as a reflex action to sudden loud noise, much like blinking ones eyes. 
The doctors studied my feet. They found they looked much like any humans feet do except for how they could move like hands to claps objects. My big toes could move around and perform like a thumb. My volk eyes were an opaque glossy black, but the most unique trait was how defined and muscular my body was in comparison to regular human babies. 

After isolating and analyzing the DNA of Eddy Evon, Dr. Evon watched as each of the top technicians were fired one by one when they reported traces of insect in the adherent molecules. Such a suggestion was considered impossible, but after nine technicians had lost their jobs in a row for having the same findings, the top leaders of the project began to listen to this possibility.

Gastonish held me to the sensitive burned flesh of her breast, and instinctively I latched on and began feeding. The miraculous bond between a mother and her baby had begun as she looked down at me and I returned her gaze as I looked up at her. We were locked in a world of our own as our eyes were locked onto one another.
Immediately, the doctor wanted a full examination of the living baby. He was very forthright about the record of size, weight, time, etc. However, Gastonish refused to allow anyone to handle her baby but herself. She realized this was the first moment where a human had seen a volk. A nurse laid a dark blanket over the baby who did not make it. She knew, by the way the staff would excitedly look at each other, their thoughts were not of good intentions. They wanted to take her baby away. Gastonish feared they would want to study her living child as well, and probe him, test him, maybe even look inside him. Could she trust the humans and their ways? She knew so little about them, but as she looked into their thoughts, she found though they were capable of great evil, they were bound by commitments which kept them from taking the life of her or her son. She knew she and her son were valuable to the humans and as long as she could have the reassurance of knowing volks were valuable, she would find it in herself to trust them. A group of doctors and nurses left the room as they carted the dead baby out with them. She was sad for the loss of her baby but for the time being, all she wanted was to hold her remaining child in her arms forever. Bending forward she took in the smell of her new born. She thought long and hard about where she might find a little protection.

Chapter 3

I was a baby like no other the planet earth had known from its past. A volk baby with the ability to suck information from the people around me like a sponge sucks water, I could make a carbon copy of any persons, or animals life experiences and file it way in the vast storehouse of my mind and no one was the wiser for it. I analyzed the information and learned at an extraordinary rate, but I also learned how to mimic the ways of a human child as a front to protect myself from the humans. It was because of my incredible gift to acquire knowledge effortlessly how I found it difficult to respond as helpless human babies did. My mother was impressed. She thought I pulled off a splendid performance.
This is my baby and no one is going to make decisions for him but me! exclaimed Gastonish, with every instinct of motherly protection buzzing in her mind.
A half smile cracked along the doctors face. He hoped he could convince her to give up her new born willingly. Dr. Evon loved intellectual challenges and he was positive his friendly authority complex could ultimately succeed. Miss, please, I can assure you no harm will come to your child, but we must understand it before we can permit it to grow up in the world. This facility is equipped with most of the necessary equipment to provide a thorough diagnosis. If we need to provide a further in-depth study we will let you know, but first, we must be allowed to examine your baby.
Gastonish peered into the doctors sharp, trusting eyes. She looked down at her baby, suckling her breast. No. her child was so captivating, Gastonish seemed to be in a trance.
Dr. Evon was at a loss. He never needed to separate a mother from her child with force before. It was something he did not believe in. Perhaps, he thought, he could jog the conversation and entice patient-X to speak. You have the most interesting baby I have ever seen. In fact, he is the most beautiful baby in the world. Wouldn't you agree?
Yes. Gastonish smiled, never breaking eye contact with her baby. She didn't even seem to blink.
I feel a great love and respect for your baby as well. Have you decided what you are going to name him? The doctor asked.
Gastonish considered the question as she chewed at her bottom lip. Her son would have to have a name, but the entire situation seemed so strange. In her minds eye, she began to reflect on the nebula phenomenon which brought her to where she was. She loved Mulunac, and would never forget how she felt when she was with him on their honeymoon. She would also never forget how at the moment when Mulunac and herself arrived before the twin nebula she referred to each of the twins as eddies.
Eddy. Gastonish said, His name is Eddy.
Eddy? How fitting. Thats a very good name. Dr. Evon would not give up easily. He was determined to have the baby. You know, I have never experienced a birth like this. Nothing like this has ever happened on this world before.
Because you have never encountered a volk before. Her statement was the cause of a reaction, but the doctor tried to hide it. Am I right? Gastonish was still unsure of where she was and who she was talking to, so she was not sure how strictly she should conceal her identity or keep secrets.
The doctor put his hand into his pocket and hit the record button on his mini pocket recorder. You are right. We have not encountered a species known as a volk. I trust if you have given birth to a volk, you too are a volk? Dr. Evon tried to shake off some of the water from his hands.
Of course. She answered with her course, raspy voice.
Well look who is coming out of her shell? There is so much we still don't know about you and your son. I hope you will trust us enough to explain a few things? asked Dr. Evon as he rung some water out from the bottom end of his long lab coat.
I do trust you... a little. The answer is, no! You will not take my son from me and I will not talk. You know enough about my son and I. Gastonish was determined to keep her baby with her.
How can you say we know enough? Dr. Evon tried the stare on her but found no effect.
You know enough for now. She cut him off, as she was trying to sway her baby from side to side as though she was attempting to separate her babys comfort from the tension building in the room.
And did the military tell us enough? What I was told is a UFO flew into the wing of an air force jet on a routine flight. Both the UFO invader and the plane went down. The doctor, unable to break Gastonishs focus from her baby, continued, The UFO sank to the bottom of Anderson Lake. The army sent divers down to investigate but they came up empty handed. A small avalanche of rocks somehow wiped out a small military mining crew near the area as well. Now the area is considered unsafe and off limits. They never found the UFO. You were sent to us looking like a mess, with only this vague story, nothing more. Since we've been given these stories about UFO intruders, you must understand how important this project is to us. You must tell us more and let us take a look at the baby.
The answer is still no. Now leave us. Gastonish said strictly as she bent the arm rails of her bed threateningly.
All we want to do is help you. Cant you see that? But Gastonish gave him a cold shoulder. All right, look, I was given the opportunity to ask politely for you to let us examine your baby. If you do not trust me, then a higher source of power will come in here and take your baby by force. They will not ask. They will simply take your baby and there will be nothing you or I can do about it. I can not take your baby that way, its against my morals.
A few men in military uniforms entered the room. Gastonish looked past the doctor at the soldiers. They had stern faces and cold eyes. She looked back at the doctor, who had warm caring eyes. Though she didnt want the humans to know, Gastonish was too weak and exhausted from giving birth to fight. Let me come with you then. Wherever my baby goes, I go 
That seems reasonable, unless you are too weak? Dr. Evon surmised on his own.
You can take me. She told him pointing to the wheel-chair.
Okay, I'll get everything in motion right now, but remember you are not allowed in the room. You will sit in the room next door and watch from the large window there. This is a good move. The only risk you can take is to resist us. As long as you are working with us and helping us, the more we will protect you and your baby. Said the doctor convincingly.
Immediately, Nurse Sophia brought the wheel-chair to Gastonish and she was on her way to the examination room. Before Gastonish was wheeled into the room, the doctor reached forward and gently put his hands around my tiny chunky translucent body. With support to my head he lifted me away from my mother. A loud sucking snap was heard as I was pulled from my feeding.
When the crowd of humans left the room with me, a nurse helped Gastonish to a good position in the observation room. Gastonish sat alert. She peered through the glass and carefully scrutinized every human procedure which was performed. 
Xonox spent most of his time in the examination room with Eddy and the doctors. Remaining out of sight near the ceiling and out of human eye level, the little robotic sertz observed the procedures carefully. Ever ready to protect the baby, The sertz stood by. After collecting information enough for a report, Xonox began to make its way back to Gastonish. The small robot flew about as unnoticed as an insect. With ease it cut a hole into the ceiling and flew past electrical wiring and air ducting to a position above Gastonish in her observation room. It cut through the ceiling again where it unobtrusively snuck into Gastonishs ear.
The voice of her sertz, Xonox, began to speak from within her ear.
MAJESTY, THE HUMANS ARE PUSHING AND PROBING EDDYS BODY. THEY HAVE REALIZED HIS BODY IS SLOWLY GAINING A VISUAL SOLIDITY AND LOSING ITS TRANSLUCENCY. THEY ARE ACTING FAST COLLECTING MINUTE SAMPLES OF BLOOD AND SKIN. THE DOCTOR HUMAN WHO NAMED HIMSELF EVON IS GENUINELY CONCERNED WITH EDDYS WELL BEING. HE HAS MADE CERTAIN EDDY IS WARM, THE SAMPLES THEY EXTRACTED ARE NOT SIGNIFICANT. IF THE SITUATION CONTINUES AS IT IS, THERE WILL BE LITTLE TO NO DANGER TO YOUR SON. reported Xonox directly into the mind of Gastonish.
The examination was a few hours, and they stopped for nothing even when I grew restless and needed the comfort of my mother they continued to poke and prod me. Gastonish told me the intensity of my crying would shake the glass she was looking through. When the examination was over, the doctors were more than happy to give me back to my mother.
I fed the whole way back to the room. When we returned, I was fast asleep. The medical room had changed as the humans did a great job cleaning it up. I was bundled and placed in a cradle. Gastonish moved slowly to the window and opened it. She sat on the bed leaning forward to the window ledge. Placing her arm across the ledge, she rested her chin on her fore-arm and stared out the window. Her eyes were open and glossy, but her mind was not examining the view because her thoughts were racing to find the correct way to handle the humans and keep her power over them, if she had any.
Tears filled her eyes as feelings of helplessness and emptiness filled her heart. Leave me, please. Gastonish said to the Nurse Sophia.
Nurse Sophia was kind and compassionate offering her assistance at anytime before she went to direct people out of the room. Investigators searched the birth sight, finding a burned wall and melted plastic with low radiation levels.
When the people left, and the nurse closed the door behind her, Gastonish tried calling out to her sertz. Xonox! Gastonish said, in a fraction of a second her miniature robotic sertz flew out of her ear. It soared about in a semi circle through the air and stopped in her view.
HOW MAY I HELP YOU, GASTONISH? asked the miniaturized female synthetic robot.
I need counseling. Said Gastonish. The year is 2042 A.D. I do not understand by what standards these beings measure time?
The sertz chirped twice before it answered, UNKNOWN, ROMULAW. THE ONLY WAY TO FIND OUT IS TO SEARCH THE DATA BANKS ABOARD THE INSECTULAR. HOWEVER, I SUSPECT IF WE SEARCH THE ROMSTRUNN MATRIX WE MAY FIND THE ONLY LOGICAL EXPLANATION FOR WHERE WE ARE IS WE HAVE TRAVELED THROUGH TIME.
Gastonish said, Traveled through what? But no one has been able to manipulate time this drastically. Besides, I don't believe in such eccentric possibilities. All I know, or care about, are facts. And the fact is, The Zandith Crockmior is at the bottom of a lake. The doctor called it Anderson lake. I have no idea what condition its in.
IN SUCH A SITUATION AS THIS, THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR, RECEIVING NO AID TO REPAIRS, WOULD HAVE INITIATED ITS OWN REVITALIZING BACK-UPS. WHEN WE FIND IT, IT SHOULD BE ENCASED WITHIN ITS OWN COCOON FABRICATION. As its eyes moved up and down with the opening and closing of its little mouth, the tiny robot gave its explanation.
The Zandith Crockmior is buried under a heavy land mass at the bottom of a large body of water. Gastonish reminded her sertz.
IF THAT IS AN OFFICIAL CONFIRMATION, THE ONLY HOPE WE HAVE IS IF THE DAMAGE IS MINIMAL AND THE SYSTEM WAS LOCKED IN STASIS SUCCESSFULLY.
How did you survive? Sitting up straight Gastonish asked Xonox with a slight inquisitive tilt of her head.
I WAS SAFELY LATCHED INTO THE CROCKMIORS MATRIX COMPONENT WITH MULUNACS SERTZ, ZIP, WHO IS STILL WITH THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR. I HAD TO FOLLOW YOU AND EVADE THE POSSIBILITY OF BEING DISCOVERED EVER SINCE THE STRANGE INHABITANTS OF THIS WORLD DISCOVERED YOU AND TOOK YOUR BATTERED BODY AWAY. explained Xonox as it became more excited.
Gastonish repositioned herself before she started, Xonox, what do you know about this world we're in?
Xonox hovered around swiftly, finding a more comfortable position. It approached her in a lazy slope and said, I HAVE NO KNOWLEDGE OF THIS WORLD. YOU MUST USE THE ROMSTRUNN PROVIDING IT WAS NOT DAMAGED AND STILL OPERATES NORMALLY.
Oh, can we repair the Zandith Crockmior? Asked Gastonish assuming this is the reason Xonox brought up the romstrunn.
USING ROMSTRUNN DATA, REPAIRS ARE POSSIBLE, BUT FINDING OR RECREATING THE PROPER TOOLS COULD BECOME ANOTHER PROBLEM IN ITSELF. BESIDES, FOR A JOURNEY TO ANOTHER PLANET, THERE IS NO ROOM FOR MISTAKES AND NEITHER OF US HAVE EXPERIENCE REBUILDING SUCH A CRAFT. WE DEPEND ON THE SUPPLIES, MATERIALS AND EFFORTS OF THIS ODD WORLD. IF WE HAVE DIFFICULTY OBTAINING WHAT WE NEED, WE MAY NOT HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO EVEN ATTEMPT A VOYAGE HOME.
This may be our home? Gastonish asked as she tried to fathom the possibility.
YES, IT MAY BE OUR HOME FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE, BUT IT IS CLEARLY NOT THE SAME HOME WE CAME FROM. ROMULAW, THE MOST ACCURATE WAY TO RETURN HOME IS TO GO BACK THE WAY WE CAME, BUT IF WE HAVE PASSED THROUGH A GATEWAY, SUCH AS A WORM HOLE, IT IS POSSIBLE IT CLOSED-UP BEHIND US. WE HAVE NO GUARANTEE OUR ATTEMPT WILL BE SUCCESSFUL, BUT IT IS THE BEST WE HAVE TO GO WITH AT THE MOMENT. YOUR SON MAY HAVE CAPABILITIES WHICH COULD PROVIDE THE EDGE YOU NEED TO MAKE YOUR PLAN A SUCCESS. YOU ARE IN A VERY DELICATE SITUATION. I WILL INSTRUCT YOU OF THE PROCEDURES USED IN FIRST CONTACT WITH A NEW INTELLIGENT SPECIES. FOR NOW, YOU MUST KEEP AS QUIET AS POSSIBLE WHEN YOU ARE AMONG THE HUMANS. A THREAT OF THEIR INTERACTION MAY THROW THE ENTIRE PLAN OUT OF SEQUENCE. IN ORDER TO GET BACK TO OUR WORLD WE MUST RETRIEVE THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR AND SALVAGE ANYTHING WE CAN. ONE OF THE OTHER OPTIONS WE HAVE IS TO RETRIEVE THE LARVA LIFE-BOAT WHICH YOU LOCKED IN STASIS. BESIDES THIS, WE MAY HAVE MORE OPTIONS AVAILABLE TO YOU. HOWEVER, EVEN THOUGH THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR WAS CONSTRUCTED OF DURABLE, LONG-LASTING ORGANIC POLYMERS, IT HAS NOT BEEN TESTED TO WITHSTAND LONG TERM EXPOSURE TO WATER OR THE PRESSURES OF CRUSHING WEIGHT AND TIME. Xonox explained as it settled down.
Statistically, what is too much underwater exposure? asked Gastonish as she turned to look out the window innocently. She did not want to give up, but at the moment she felt the situation was much larger than she was.
I HAVE NO RECORD OF HOW MUCH IS TOO MUCH UNDERWATER EXPOSURE. THE CILGORNIC AROUND THE NEURO SEAMS MAY WEAR OUT OR CORRODE. FORTUNATELY THE CRAFT IS NOT IN SEA WATER, IF IT WAS WE WOULD NOT HAVE A PRAYER. quoted Xonox precisely. THE COLD TEMPERATURE OF THE GLACIER LAKE WILL ASSIST THE STASIS FIELD AND PRESERVE THE INSECTULAR, SLOW THE RESPIRATORY AND REPAIRING AGENTS AS WELL AS CIRCULATION BUT AFTER THE WATER FLOODS THE INTERNAL BACK-UP OXYGEN DUCTS, THE ORGANIC NEURO NET WILL BE BEYOND REPAIR.
Gastonish, nodded her head, feeling content with the new perspective derived from the latest information. Try to prevent any life threatening situations by interacting, and above all do not let them take Eddy away from me. Gastonish commanded. With an after thought, she added. Oh, and stay out of sight. With that final word Xonox quickly disappeared.
As the door opened, Gastonish sat up, opened her eyes wide, took a deep breath. Dr. Evon entered and approached Gastonish. She waited to hear what the doctor had to say.
How well have you been resting? came Doctor Evons first question.
Gastonishs skin began to feel itchy under the new bandages when the doctor pulled up a squeaky stool beside her and sat down. Quite well, thank you. Gastonish answered sheepishly as she tried to be enlightening.
Good, I have some questions to ask you but I wanted you to be stronger and well rested before I start. The doctor approached her bed-side and with a quick tug to the thigh of his freshly pressed pants, he casually half sat on the edge of Gastonishs bed. I have some staff members coming in soon to give your son a bath. Oh, here they are now. He turned as two nurses entered with a small baby tub on top of a table they wheeled in. The shelves under the table were loaded with different soaps, lotions and powders.
What do you think of my sons health? Gastonish fought not to scratch at her bandages as she was itchy from head to toe.
Your son is a remarkable boy. He is in better health than anyone else in this facility, staff included. Dr. Evon smiled and breathed a silent chuckle. The doctor could see Gastonish was having some discomfort with her bandages. Would you like me to remove your wrappings? This way your skin will have a moment to breath as I apply fresh medication.
Gastonish nodded her approval, but when the doctor leaned toward her holding the scissors, Gastonish stiffened. Putting her trust in human beings was never easy for Gastonish.
As the bandages were carefully removed, the doctor continued with his conversation. I wouldn't be surprised if people can become healthier just by standing in the same room with your son. When you first came to us, I could smell a foreign odour which was strong and reminded me of bleach. The odour soon wore off and I did not think about it again, but since your son has been born I have smelled it constantly. Tests have revealed this odour is a non-toxic ammonia based disinfectant. Remarkable! We can not seem to find the limit to its attack on infectious diseases. If we can patent it, we could have it available to the public as a multi-purpose medical break-through. In his excitement Dr. Evon had to turn away to smile. Your son does not get scared of us. The doctor turned his head back with a glint from a new spark in his eyes. In fact your baby was quite calm during our last examination. Everyone involved was first struck with a sense of wonderment and fear, but as we became somewhat familiar with his behaviour and habits, we found a sweet little innocent child. We all just love your little boy. He paused as they exchanged calmer smiles. You know, we still have not introduced our selves formally yet. Ive told you my name is Doctor Evon, but what shall I call you?
My name is Gastonish and as I have told you, I have chosen the name, Eddy, for my son. Gastonishs voice, still dry and rough and her burned flesh over her face covered the emotions which made her that much more mysterious.
I splashed wildly as I was placed into the tub. The nurses ended up with more water on them than there was on me.
Eddy? Yes of course. A smile blossomed on the doctors face as he considered it. After tapping his chin three times, a smile grew upon his features before he offered a suggestion, Why don't you name him, Adam, since he is the first of his kind?
Gastonish disapproved of the suggestion immediately. He is certainly not the first of his kind, Doctor. Gastonish refuted.
Dr. Evon's eyes widened as he considered an invasion for a brief moment. He nodded and quickly accepted the name Gastonish had chosen for her child. That sounds fine. He cleared his throat. Now, do you have a last name?
I do not understand. Gastonish was confused as where she came from one name was the only name.
A last name, to help distinguish who you are and establish a lineage. Since anyone can have the same first name, a last name will provide you with a greater personal identification.
Oh, well I suppose that would be my sertz name, Xonox. When the doctor mentioned identification, Gastonish realized the name of her little sertz would indeed offer a better sense of uniqueness.
Well, it is a pleasure to know you, Gastonish Xonox. He paused for a brief moment. You mentioned a sertz name? What is a sertz? The doctor asked as he began applying the medicated burn cream to Gastonishs face.
Xonox said something to Gastonish from within her ear. A sertz name is just another word for last name, where I come from. She finally told him with her best nod of certainty.
And where do you come from? The smile disappeared from the doctors face as he eased back in his chair.
I all ready told you. I can't remember. Gastonish became defensive.
Dr. Evon was a clever man, he knew he didnt have to press her for information yet. Obviously Gastonish was from some other planet. The doctor was confident the answer would present itself at a later time all on its own. Oh, very well, I am not sure if you will want to continue going by your original name. To fit in a little easier, perhaps you would like to be named something more human? He eyed her suspiciously for any kind of reaction, but Gastonish revealed nothing. Your name is Gastonish. Lets see, a name similar to Gastonish, um... I've got it. How would you like to be called, Gail? Suggested Dr. Evon kindly.
Gail? Gastonish repeated, as she tried it out. Not knowing how effectively the new name maybe at helping her to fit into the strange new heritage, she felt rather forced to accept the idea. What would be wrong with my true name?
The doctor cleared his throat. This world is not the safest place. To make a long story short, a spy was among us at the time you gave birth to your son. News where you are with us is in the open. Now other nations of the world want to have you. It is our job to protect you from them. If I call you by the name Gail, it will be a signal to you, meaning; be careful what you say. Act as human as you possibly can and do not let on you are different.
Yes, I understand. Gastonish said. Dr. Evon leaned forward in his seat and just looked at Gastonish for a moment. This made Gastonish feel very uncomfortable since she knew the face they were looking at was disfigured. She also realized how even if she was not burned, they would all still be looking at her strangely.
Dr. Evon stood up from his chair and walked to the back of the room where he found a cup next to the coffee machine. He poured a cup and began to talk softly to another person who just entered the room.
Gastonish began to do a little talking of her own, quietly and very rapidly. In fact, so rapidly where if the doctors could hear her, they would not be able to understand a word she said. The first portion of what Gastonish said was a test to see if the doctor possibly could keep up and understand her at all. 
Hello/doctor,I/am/going/to/give/you/a/word/if/you/can/understand/it/I/will/tell/you/about/it The/word/is/Verticus. 
The doctor took a sip from his steamy hot cup before he turned his head from his companion to regard Gastonish. He was clearly confused by what she was doing. Gastonish continued speaking. Talking to Xonox, she asked, 
Do/you/think/I/could/trust/the/doctor/and/tell/him/more/about/myself,/like/where/I/
came/from/and/what/differences/there/are/between/human/and/volk?
ABSOLUTELY/NOT! Xonox denied her request. 
WE/MUST/ASSUME/WE/CAN/NOT/TRUST/THE/HUMANS/BEFORE/WE/FIND/OURSELVES/IN/A/POSITION/WHERE/THE/HUMANS/BECOME/A/THREAT/TO/OUR/MISSION. Xonox said.
Gastonish straightened up, What/mission?
OUR/MISSION/IS/TO/REPAIR/THE/ZANDITH/CROCKMIOR/AND/RETURN/
HOME.
Dr. Evon was not sure what to make of Gastonishs strange behaviour. Gastonish, what are you doing? The doctor called from the coffee machine.
Oh nothing, I talk to myself sometimes when Im nervous. Dr. Evon looked at her oddly, before he opened a folder and browsed over some notes he made. He plucked a pen from his lab coat pocket and scribbled down a new note.
It looked like you were talking to somebody. Dr. Evon said as he stepped toward her. The other doctor he was talking to left the room. Were you talking to somebody? Perhaps Dr. Evon thought Gastonish was crazy, or maybe he was only half interested in the kind of answer hed be given.
Gastonish did her best to act like she was relaxed, I wasnt talking to anyone.
Gail? Do you feel comfortable with the name, Gail? Gastonish nodded her approval. I think it would be a good idea if you and I got used to using that name. advised Dr. Evon. Gastonish did not reply at all, rather she followed instructions as accurately as any wovolk would. At any other time of her life it was like second nature for her but these were humans, a species of primitive natures. It was an uncomfortable feeling for her to give them the upper hand, but this was the way it had to be for now.
Dr. Evon stood up and walked over to a fluorescent panel on the wall. I have a few X-rays here I was hoping you could explain. He popped the films up under the clips at the top of the lit panel. The first X-ray showed Gastonishs entire body. Everything here looks pretty normal, as you know. Your bones are somewhat heavier, dense and longer set than an average human females and your teeth are all molars. Your fronyal teeth, the bicuspids, cuspids and incisors are the most oddly shaped molar teeth I have ever seen. I have not seen anything like it before. I figured they would resemble those of leaf eating dinosaurs, but your teeth are unique, unlike any on earth. Later, I want to ask you a few basic questions about your eating habits but in the meantime maybe you can tell me if you are a vegetarian like everyone suspects?
I am able to consume practically anything which grows from nature. Gastonish answered.
Hmm, interesting. The doctor thought briefly. He made a brief note in his folder to test Gastonishs digestive abilities.
He took the X-ray pictures down from the clips and put them away in a filing cabinet. He fingered through another file in the same drawer and plucked out a couple of other X-ray photos. How do you explain this? He slapped two X-rays up into the clips and pointed to the first one, This is the spine of an average human being. Notice the curvature and the vertebrae. Now, this other X-ray is of your back. It has us all baffled. What is this, Two spines? 
Yes, of course, it is not wise for you to compare a volk to a human. We are completely different species. The more you look and compare the more this fact should be obvious to you. The way Gastonish spoke to Dr. Evon made the doctor feel like he was three years old.
The Doctor looked at her for a moment. Next, he looked back at the charts. He shook his head a little, before he said, Now, Gail, I want you to look at this next X-ray very carefully. The doctor chopped the fuzzy transparent image into the clips of the fluorescent panel. The image was of her head only and it exposed her skull, brain and everything. If you take a good look at your inner ear in this photo you will find there is a strange small object there. Through careful analysis we have found this object is not an error made by the X-ray shot. It is, in fact, made of small semi metal parts. Other aspects of it appear organic but it is very small and the resolution maybe flawed.
After a split second conference with her sertz, Gastonish answered. I don't know what kind of explanation you are looking for from me, but I can not help you find the reason for this representation.
Very well, strangely this is the only X-ray photo which has this possible mistake. You know Gail, you and I are going to have many more conversations together. This is just the tip of the iceberg. Dr. Evon wanted to gear Gastonish up for a long haul. He required her co-operation and truthfulness.
A nurse came in through the door holding a small bundle in her arms and behind her a medical practitioner also entered. The nurse approached Gastonish cradling a sleeping grey baby in her arms. The nurse bent down to Gastonish and handed the baby to her. Gastonishs burned face brightened. Though smiling was painful she couldnt help herself as relief filled her eyes to see her baby boy well and unharmed. He is much cleaner now, thank you. She said, with gratitude gleaming in her dark eyes.
The medical practitioner, who had been quiet in the past, decided to speak up. Our studies are amazing! The texture of your sons skin is comparable to a baby elephants. Yet, these are only surface similarities. For example it is able to withstand more temperature fluctuation than a human can. The new doctor was pleased to say. Dr. Evon looked at the doctor and his pleased expression dropped from his face. The doctor seemed to be able to read Dr. Evons thoughts. He stood up and left the room.
Dr. Evon turned back to Gastonish and opened his folder. Now, as I have noted in my report, Eddys eye sight is also quite remarkable. Through infra red surveillance, we have found Eddy is able to lock his eyes onto virtually any moving object in the room even when it is pitch black and virtually silent. We also tested his eyes against light, and he started squinting after an abnormally high brightness. I think his eyes are much greater than ours, beyond our current range of testing. His focus and range of the spectrum need more study. 
We next felt it was appropriate to do a blood test and we found his immune system is so advanced it is possible it might be impossible for him to get a disease. As I suspected, his immune system is able to seek out even air bound diseases and destroy them. The question came up! He said with enthusiasm, 'Could it be Eddys eyes are able to repair themselves unlike our light sensitive cells?
As we were checking his muscles and joints, we found he was positively too smart for his age. He would mimic us and observe all we did. It was important for us to know if his actions were authentic or just a fluke. We ran a cat-scan of his brain. His mind is unusually active and the chart was unreadable. No ones mind has ever functioned like his before. His behaviour seems to limit out temptations of aggravation or relaxation. Unlike other newborns who need lots of sleep, he must always be kept busy, and rest very little. Hes had only three short naps since his day of birth, three days ago. 
As you can clearly see, Eddy has large muscles, but we found his muscles have developed much more, than what it looks like. I have no doubt in my mind your son could beat a body builder in an arm wrestle. Eddys blood is blue when inside his body because inside his body there is less oxygen, like our veins. As I said, through rigorous testing, we have found, to date, how Eddys blood can't be infected by any known diseases. Including the HIV virus yet it may be too early at this time to quote this as a reliable statement. Furthermore, Eddys blood could not be used to help others because it is so different and it needs carbon dioxide to live. If he is cut, the blood will turn a dark red in contact with oxygenated air.
'That was more than enough for them to know.' Gastonish thought. She gave her sertz a mission to find out a little more from the good Doctor Evon than he was telling them. Xonoxs programming prohibited it to respond to a plan which consisted of deceit, but the programming changed when it was given authority of acting thrustle-T.
The little sertz flew about the room right out in the open and even flew right up to the doctors face. Dr. Evon waved his hand to waft it away and he believed it was a common house fly. The sound it made in flight was also quite similar to the sound of a fly. It circled the doctors head, before it darted into his ear. The doctor stood up and slapped his hand to his ear with his eyes wide with panic. He turned and ran, knocking over a table with medical supplies on it. He tripped and knocked his head against the lower cupboard counter. He laid on the floor face down and groaned.
Nurses came running to him. They were worried he had broken his neck. They called for help on the intercom, Emergency in room 005, code 711, Dr. Evon has been hurt and assistance is required immediately. He may have head and neck wounds. Everyone was running around like crazy. Gastonish just remained in her bed. She was the only one to notice Xonox fly out of his ear. Xonox cruised across the ceiling just before it dropped down to Gastonishs ear.
Within her ear, it relayed information of the doctors final thoughts, just after he had spoken to Gastonish. She listened and heard the information as though it was coming from his mouth. No harmful diseases can be traced in Eddy to harm others, and because the only thing wrong with him is his appearance, I was told to let Eddy live. This way we can watch Eddy and study him as he grows. If I turned him over to other government agencies, I might see a wealthy pay-off and be granted great recognition, but Eddy would surely die throughout many tests and surgical experiments until finally dissection. Because I am a good doctor, and make a good living, I don't need all of the money they offered me. If I turn your son over to a much more aggressive organization, doctors all over the world would cut him up and analyse each separate piece. I am here to protect you and your son, Gail. Besides, I would rather keep track on how he grows so I can find out what kind of adult he will grow into.
When Gastonish could see the level of Dr. Evons sincerity and how personally attached he was becoming to her and her son, she found he could be trusted after all. 

The next morning, Gastonish was wheeled into a new wing with baby me cuddled up tightly in her arms. We were taken into a room where Dr. Evon was waiting for us. Many other personnel were in the room but they quickly cleared out when we arrived.
The room was quite simple and bare, just like an interrogation room; white walls with a large mirror on one wall and at the center of the room was a table and a chair. In the corner, beyond the vacant chair was a plastic baby crib. Mom was wheeled right up to the side of the table opposite from the vacant chair. On the table was a glass of purple juice and a machine with paper scrolled through it and wires hanging out of it. Immediately, Gastonish was told to drink the grape juice as the nurse who wheeled her in took me from her arms and placed me in the crib. She drank every last drop of the juice and as she gulped it down she never took her eyes off me for a second. Dr. Evon came around to the far side of the table and pulled the chair out, before he sat down. Good morning, Gail. He said pleasantly.
Gastonish was surprised to find the doctor with a butterfly bandage on his fore-head, a neck brace around his neck and a white patch of gauze taped to his ear. Good morning Dr. Evon. Hows the bump on your head? She asked, equally pleasant despite her raspy voice. 
Grumpy, Dr. Evon cleared his throat. Um, yes, sorry about that episode yesterday. He said sheepishly. The doctor looked at Gastonish curiously, I was stung by a bee In my ear very strange. He looked down and shook his head. The doctor took a deep breath before he began to ask Gastonish some very simple questions. At first the questions were basic and Gastonish answered them easily. Soon Dr. Evons questions became more aggressive and Gastonishs head started to feel strange.
Gastonish, if you can understand what I say, nod your head. At Dr. Evons request, Gastonish nodded her head. I have mixed a powerful truth serum in with the grape juice you drank. I am going to ask you some difficult questions and you will answer me truthfully. Nod your head if you understand what I am telling you. Gastonish nodded again as she found herself captivated in the power of the Doctors persuasion. Where were you born? the doctor asked.
Telemar. Gastonish answered truthfully.
Telemar? Where is that? the doctor pressed.
Fon dur 14,985,830L; 10,549,674S; jai auce 294,065,002F; thur min 9,642E-78,603T; wir 9,408,763,094,567GHL; tona 93,975,765BVY; Telemar. Gastonish answered truthfully though this answer made no sense to the Doctor.
What? Hay, don't play games with me, just answer the question. Dr. Evon could not understand what was being said because the dose of truth serum Gastonish was given in the grape juice was enough to keep an elephant from lying.
Like a drunk, Gastonish slurred her words as she spoke. Those were the best directions I could give you. If you followed them you would have to be brain warped to not find the planet.
Planet. Dr. Evon grumbled. He looked behind himself at a two-way mirror and shrugged inquisitively.
A loud voice bellowed out of a speaker from the ceiling. Uh, She seems to be immune to the truth serums effects. If there have been no signs of the drugs effect by now, there will be no surprises later.
I wonder? Dr. Evon whispered to himself. Gail, what kind of directions did you give me?
I quoted the dimensions of Lornels direction. A language of code used primarily for directional purposes and designed flawlessly by the volk space scholar Lornel Von Gurdi. He was a space explorer who perfected star maps to an easy to memorize system. With his great contribution, many volks who were lost in space were found. Gastonish told the doctor, Not all of them were alive. She added.
Even still under the effects of the heavy drug, Dr. Evon made a mental note how her quick bird-like reflexes slowed not. Could you repeat the code once more? Asked Dr. Evon.
Fon dur 14,985,830L; 10,549,674S; jais 294,065,002F; thur min 9,642E-78,603T; wir 9,408,763,094,567GHL; tona 93,975,765BVY; Telemar. She repeated perfectly.
Dr. Evon could not wait to play back the recorded conversation and try to break the strange code.
Within Gastonishs ear, Xonox, her sertz, was upset Gastonish was speaking about forbidden topics. Xonox tried to keep her from feeling compelled to speaking the truth, it even searched her mind and body to pin point the cause of her influence. Gastonishs body was sweating as it eagerly fought off the drug she was given. As her aggressive volk immune system absorbed and destroyed the drug, she came around to her senses. She dodged the questions with unrelated answers and used her wits to out smart their testy methods.

In the first few days after I was born, it was routine for Gastonish and I to take a radiation neutralization shower. A man, dressed in a rubber suit, took me through first. Naked, Gastonish stepped into the private specialized shower stall alone. From the next room, unexplored by Gastonish, a group of security guards and scientists observed her through a wall size X-ray screen. It was the usual routine, until one day when the metal detectors traced a small object. The buzzing alarm scared Gastonish and Xonox. Xonox dashed for safety within Gastonishs ear. As the scientists observed the screen they located the metal fragment signature from within Gastonishs ear. Immediately, Gastonish was removed from the shower and before she could towel off, a doctor shoved a long needle-like tool into Gastonishs ear to examine it. The tool was actually a video cam which looked like a wand with a little light at the tip of it. Xonox flew against the lit viewing tip of the tool and zapped it. Unable to make a clear reading, the doctor removed the tool and Xonox escaped without being noticed. They made her shower five more times that day, but there was no re-occurrence of events.
The circle of scientists who worked closely with us under Dr. Evon, developed a full body suit for my mother to wear. It was skin tight and black. Absolutely no skin was exposed. The suit covered her mouth and all with thin breathing filters and black goggles to see through. The purpose of the suit was to protect Gastonishs sensitive skin and keep her low radiation levels from contaminating anything and to keep her disguised from spies and other such reporters.
It was hard for a baby to look at a black shadow of a person with no face or loving expression and imagine she was smiling down at me. It was equally as hard for me to look at the shadow with the love and respect I would have for my mother. When my mother and I were alone, she would remove her mask and smile at me with her burned disfigured face. It was the burned face which I learned to love first. 
Gastonish would put on the mask and sometimes she would remove it in plain sight for me. It was not long before I found it in my heart to accept the mask as my mothers other face. Intuition told me the love was the same.
After a great deal of moving from one government facility to another, we finally settled for a while within a secret military base. As time went on, my mother went through strong emotions of loneliness while she struggled to accept both the death of her husband and the detachment from her home world of volks. On many occasions my mother would tell me exciting stories about my father and how he would help uphold the law. He was a thrustle-T. Such an occupation was best described as a futuristic policeman. I depended on the stories to provide a sense of a fatherly figure in my life. Though I never knew him, I missed him very much. From the stories I was told, my father became my hero.

As a child I went through all the normal toddler mishaps, you know, like running into walls, (Often right through walls.) digging large holes, jumping from heights which were too dangerous and making noises others found too loud. This would happen usually when I was excited. It was also said I could yell very loud. People tried to keep me from crying, laughing or basically from getting too excited, but I was just a little kid. Shut me up? Impossible. Naturally, as a volk, I was quite awake and energetic for six full days, but I needed one day of the week to sleep for a full twenty-four hours. 
Before I became a toddler, my favourite past-time was jumping around within the jolly-jumper, which was basically a seat suspended from the ceiling by elastic cords. I would kick out with my little energetic, muscle-chunky legs and the rubber jumper would sling shot me all over the room. I usually found something to crash into. My mother dreaded each moment of my feeding because I would sneeze, spit or throw mushy food at her. I also ate a lot, which meant I was messy, very messy.
Dr. Evon, became close friends with my mother and I. We trusted him and felt we owed a lot to him because if it wasn't for him, my mother wouldn't have been given such a beautiful spacious apartment to live in. We were given the opportunity to choose our own styles of clothes and the custom measurements were usually perfect. Boxes of groceries were delivered to our door and Dr. Evon would visit and help my mother prepare meals. We all sat down together or with a few guests who Dr. Evon would invite. His friends were always very important people. For example, different presidents of the world, the secretary of defense and others who had a similar hand in the upper ranks of our worlds monopolized Government. 
My mother was brilliant. While most single mothers were out trying to make ends meet in order to provide for their children, my mother was beating the system. Humans would listen to her with expressions of great concentration on their faces. My mother could toy with the humans by losing them in conversations of suggestive academic techno-babble.
Xonox and my mother quickly developed a compromise to solve their little problem. Xonox would decide what information was non-threatening to the future, and Gastonish became rather skilled at giving just enough information without being too revealing. She did not forget to leave room for mystery. No information given was without a problem to be solved. As long as my mother would talk, we were welcome at the base and allowed to enjoy the pleasures they provided. When my mother was pressured to give more information than she should, she would become upset and give a performance of innocence which convinced the humans she simply could not provide all of the answers. Or she would change the topic with a new perspective to a relative interest.
The things she would tell them were how to collect certain ingredients from the earth and mix them into medicines. She gave a written Government policy of volk law which was followed and regarded as flawless through-out the endless reaches of space. This was the most difficult idea for the humans to accept. I was not involved in all of what she told the humans but sometimes her words would cause the humans to embark on great field expeditions. My mother always refused to go, using every excuse available. Many times she told them it was too difficult for her to leave me alone. After a few ventures where she was forced to go, she began to make the operations difficult. If she did not get her way, she would foul the entire expedition all together.
The doctors, scientists and biologists studied me all the time. There was not a time when eyes were not upon me. 24 hours, 7 days a week and they expected my behaviour and development to dictate the information in their notes. Many of the more significant changes which were taking place in my body were overlooked because their research was not extensive enough. They would get hung-up on the simplest things, like the way volks, un-like humans, would make quick movements. A tilt of my head or a gesture of my hand was just such mannerisms which astounded the scientist, but why? The only reason volks move this way was because we think super fast. Super high intelligence with reflexes like a squirrel or a bird. Obviously, my mind was wired differently from a human's, but the doctors spent far too much time concerned with this simple matter. Perhaps they were too excited with the whole idea they were the first to study me. Their notes would make history and their names would live forever. Perhaps they thought, because I was a baby, I was too delicate to risk on certain types of experimentation. Perhaps they felt they had lots of time. If I were to die they could open me up, freeze me or extend their studies with any number of similar ways. Whatever the reason, the lack of a more strict and organized research procedure led to the absence of recorded progress.
From my skin samples, blood samples and bone marrow samples, researchers could not find links which could relate to other samples of earth origin. Rather than breaking the information down, one thing at a time, the researchers looked at everything as a whole and decided such a mountain of information was too much for their capabilities. In their lack of efforts to go further in their journey down the road of research, they missed out on discoveries of my metabolic history which was millennia older than me but contained light years of advantages for them. It was obvious my body was more capable of adapting to the planet and it was also stronger in every way. Equally as obvious, it would seem to me, was my kind, volks, and how they had over come greater disease and a harder way of living. To search for the elements which made me who I was, became the most important, but least ventured aspect of their research.
Later, as I grew, the researchers finally pointed out how I was developing at a more rapid pace than their own human children. Another thing which set me apart from human children was my seemingly endless supply of energy. Like batteries which needed very little time to recharge, I just kept going and going. When I was old enough to speak, I made it obvious I did not like to be cooped up within the electrical wired fences of the base. I wanted to play with other children and go to school. I loved to learn. I always have and I always will.
Some said, I had an obsession to work out with my weights, lifting weights and playing hard was all I did most of the time. All the while, I was feeding my hungry mind. My thought process developed at an exponential rate. Any strong emotions could get me lifting tons. There was never enough homework, so I would bring home stacks of books from the library. Encyclopedias would entice me to set out on countless voyages of library digging. When I was shown how to use a computer, I found it very useful but slow. Exercise and surfing the net was not simple but I did develop a basic work area where my computer and desk were strapped to me and I could keep my legs active on the spot.
I did not have any toys but mom did request a skin diving suit for under water exploration and a small telescope to study the stars, along with a thick book of Master Magicians magic tricks. These things were quite interesting but they did not satisfy my loneliness. I needed friends to share them with, and freedom to visit new places and experience other sights and sounds.

Chapter 4

At three years old, I was getting a lot of attention on the base. I was invited to observe the soldiers practicing on a training obstacle course. Dr. Evon was there with other military officials. I loved watching the men train and I insisted I try the obstacle course. It looked like so much fun. When I was denied access to the training course I became up-set, cried out loud, and I mean loud. The soldiers who were trying to train were concerned, and distracted. I suppose I cried differently than human infants did. They said I sounded like a raving animal.
I would not give up. The humans would give me what I wanted. It worked before. The soldiers who saw me for the first time were mesmerized at what they saw. They wouldnt drop the stunned looks from their faces nor would they take their eyes off me. Dr. Evon took a syringe out from the pocket of his white lab coat and approached me. I had been poked with a billion needles in the past and none of them had taken any effect on me yet. How he thought this needle would be any different from the others I couldnt guess. Finally, the training instructor signaled for Dr. Evon to approach him. He appealed to his good will and persuaded Dr. Evon to put the needle away. He suggested I be granted the opportunity to monkey around a little on the training site.
When I was told I would be permitted to try it out, I immediately stopped crying and whaling. I stood up proud and straight and marched in through the gate of the chain link fence to the training field. The drill sergeant stood at ease as I approached holding Dr. Evons hand. All of the training cadets stood in single file, erect, strong and professional. They looked straight ahead, across the training facility, never breaking formation.
This is Eddy, sergeant. I would like to thank you for giving him the opportunity to try your training course. Dr. Evon said.
With a single nod and an expression of stone cold seriousness, the drill sergeant looked down at me and cocked an eye brow. You ready? he asked me with a mix of seriousness and kindness.
I started jumping up and down. I was so excited with a grin which stretched from ear to ear. Ya-ya-ya-ya! I answered, shaking the doctors arm.
I believe what you mean to say is, Yes, sir.
I quickly composed myself and saluted the drill instructor, Yes, sir. I said clearly with a perfect mimic of the drill instructors voice.
Lieutenant Fang! Front and center! The drill sergeant commanded.
One of the soldiers stepped forward from the formation, pivoted quickly, facing us before he marched to us. The moment he stood before the drill sergeant, he stomped his foot and saluted. Sir, Lieutenant Fang, sir! He quickly slapped his arm back down at his side.
Your mission is to accompany our guest and assist him if he has any trouble throughout this course. Understood?
Sir, understood, sir! Answered the soldier with strict obedience.
Now, listen up! Eddy will run the course of this exercise alone. No one else besides Lieutenant Fang will interfere. The drill sergeant turned back to me and said. Your mission is to run this course in as little time as you can and grab the flag at the top of the fort. Understood?
Sir, understood, sir! I answered, saluting him. I noticed half of the sergeants mouth curl up in a grin, just before it disappeared quickly.
The drill sergeant held up a digital stop watch and said. Ready? He looked at me with a lazy skeptical stare and pressed a button on the stop watch. Go!
I sprang from the foot of the drill sergeant and dashed into the training field. I caught sight of the distant tall fort at the end of the course. I judged the distance quickly before I approached the first obstacle. It was a rope hanging over the middle of a dug out pool of water. I jumped from the edge and caught the knot at the bottom of the rope. As my weight came down my whole body shook and my grip slipped away from the rope. I fell into the water. My legs folded to absorb the fall as the surface of the shallow pool closed up over my head. Lieutenant Fang was reaching out to help me. However, I quickly found my balance and powerfully leaped out of the pool onto the edge at the other end. 
Next, I was faced with a field of fire. At the fore-front of the field was a series of tunnels. I dove into the middle tunnel. My soaking wet clothes did not slow me down in the least. Within the tunnel I found the air hot and heavy to breathe. It was dark with many turns. The other tunnels would join one to another along the way. This obstacle was to test a persons sense of direction. Lieutenant Fang had difficulty keeping up with me in the tunnels. Before long I found my way out at the other end. 
I did not wait for Lieutenant Fang and continued onward to the next obstacle, a high wooden wall. The wall had five ropes hanging down the face of it. I jumped onto the wall securing a strong hold onto the rope. Persistently, I climbed the wall. Hand over hand, I climbed, not looking down until I reached the top. I was surprised at how high I transcended. Lieutenant Fang was still not out of the tunnel. I slumped over the edge and continued to work my way safely to the ground. I crawled under fifty feet of barbed wire, before I climbed hand and foot across a wide webbed bridge made of rope. This bridge was suspended over a deep gorge with a river running through it. Finally, I looked up and found I was at the base of the tall wooden fort. The fort itself was built upon pillars about eighteen feet high. I climbed the ladder with ease. Within the fort I jumped high and snagged the red flag from the top of the pole. I went to the window and waved it at the distant drill sergeant and other on lookers. I saw Lieutenant Fang hoist himself up and over the tall wooden wall.
The drill sergeant used a speaker system which was wired throughout the course to broadcast his voice. Well done, Eddy. said the drill sergeant. Lieutenant Fang! Please return to the front of the training course. I would like to have a word with you.
The Lieutenant jumped down from the rope of the high wooden wall and let his shoulders slump at the voice of the drill sergeant.
Eddy? I have a new challenge for you. Your next mission will be to bring the flag to me. No problem. The training course was a snap. You must go through the training course once again only this time my cadets will be doing everything in their power to take the flag from you. They already had a head start.
He was certainly right about that. The cadets practically traversed the entire course. Biting down on the red flag, I moved from the fort as fast as I could. I slid down the ladder to the ground. Three of the most expedient cadets were already climbing across the loosely woven rope bridge. I ran at them and jumped into the air. I landed in the center of the rope bridge causing the other three cadets to bounce into the air. When they came down two of them fell over the side and into the river below while the other one was tangled in the rope. Next, I ran, jumped and slid under the low barbed wire using the plates of my fore-arms as skis. I avoided the other cadets under the barbed wire with speed. Rolling and sliding to dodge my pursuers.
Between the Barbed wire and the high wooden wall were many cadets who were waiting for me. They jumped on me trying to tackle me to the ground but I wouldnt go down. One of them grabbed the flag and pulled again and again but I would not release my bite. I was small but I would have to show them I was strong. Like a bull, I began to charge forward. On my back I carried the group of soldiers. Some fell off while others continued to hold me and dig their heels into the ground to stop me. I felt like nothing could stop me. I pushed forward even more powerfully when they applied their resistance. Like a horse, I took the crowd with me as I rammed the high wooden wall. I broke right through the wall before I headed straight into the tunnels.
I pushed my way past anyone whom I found in my path. Most of those underground did not even know who I was because the shrouding darkness concealed me so well. I dashed out of the hot tunnels, flag in mouth and ran to the rope which hung over the middle of the pool. Four cadets gave chase from the tunnels. I didnt want to lose my grip on the rope again for a second time. I jumped from the edge and grabbed hold of the rope once more. I swung across the muddy pool of water and landed on the other side with a solid thud. I gave the flag to the drill sergeant pounding my feet and jumping in excitement with a cheer.
The drill sergeant looked shocked as he stood with his mouth open holding the red flag in his hand. Dr. Evon was proud and tried not to make eye contact with the sergeant. Instead, the doctor paid more attention calming me down. 
Enjoy your little pet, doctor. the Sergeant said in a strange and rather unfriendly sort of way, It is just a matter of time before he is mine. The moment was somewhat awkward as the defeated cadets began to filter into single file. They were in rough shape.
Dr. Evon snapped around, Over my dead body, Sergeant. Dr. Evon spoke loud and clear as he shot a look at the sergeant which meant business. 
The drill sergeant smirked in response. He puffed up his chest arrogantly, You know what they say, doctor He spoke coolly, be careful what you wish for. 
Not a glimmer of fear or intimidation could be seen in the eyes of Dr. Evon. He simply turned his back on the sergeant and directed me off the training field and drove me home in an army jeep.

Finally, I started my first grade at the age of four. Within one of the many rooms of the bases complex was my class room. Every child who saw me would freeze in their steps and just stare. One of the older children snickered to his friends and said, So, when did aliens start taking steroids?
Another boy responded, equally as cocky, I don't know, but they're taking way too many. The group tried to conceal their giggling, but they failed miserably.
Inside, I was saddened, but for their sake, I brightened my face with a smile and responded by saying, Steroids? That is a human solution for muscle tone, but me, Im all natural. 
I approached the door where a soldier stood guard next to it resting his rifle against his shoulder. Sitting in the desks of the room were human children. I was thrilled to see them. I never met these children before but they were pretty much all in my age group. At first none of the children liked me. They were scared of me because I was different. I couldn't blame them. I was quite a bit different, but with a little time and patience, the opinions of the children began to change. I met with many of them just one on one where we spoke about all sorts of things. They soon found their interests were not much different from my own, for the most part. They were surprised when they realized I was not a danger or a threat to them. Finding it apparent how I genuinely cared for them, the children found a basis to begin trusting me. They also found I had the same array of feelings and just wanted to make friends just like they did. Soon, everyone wanted to be my friend. Rather than believing I would never fit in with humans, I willed myself to believe I was destined to be the most popular kid in school. 
One little girl told me I was fascinating, and this was why none of the other classmates could get enough of me. I didn't want to admit it but I did find it annoying at times to have thirty kids huddled around me watching everything I did. When I wasnt at school, I had thirty doctors huddled around me watching my every move. It was something I had to tolerate with loads of patience.
That year my teachers name was Mrs. Wooly. A forever frown was painted upon her face, with tiny bi-focals perched at the end of her nose. She was an obese X-drill sergeant. When the bell rang Mrs. Wooly began her day the same way every morning by speaking through her big buck teeth. People! She wore a sassy expression on her face. Silence and sit down! Don't start this year with a bad impression. Now, I want you all to take one and pass it back. Mrs. Wooly held some test booklets of some sort. Handing a small bundle of the test booklets to the child at the front of the rows, the students began to hold one before passing them back. Before long everyone had a booklet. This is just a standard aptitude test. Mrs. Wooly explained solemnly. You have twenty minutes to fill in the answers. Pencils up Ready? Go!
Everyone of the students heads dropped down to their test and they began to fill in answers as fast as they could. As I got started in the test, I found it was all but standard. I filled in the blanks as best as I could but it was tricky with all of the fine details which were seeded to throw us off. The twenty minutes went by fast but I was able to finish in time and check over some of the previous questions. Pencils down! Heads up! Mrs. Wooly called. The children dropped there pencils onto their desktops at once with a clatter. Some children gasped for air. It was understandable for the test was full of trickery and puzzling questions meant to confuse each one.
A group of four men in business suits came into the room, single file. They sat at a long table at the front of the room. The tests were collected and the four men began to mark them. You little worms! Mrs. Woolys voice rang loudly like a bell, yet a few children continued to murmur amongst themselves. At times I wondered if Mrs. Wooly had a split personality because she could start speaking grumpy and by the end of her sentence become as nice as pie. If you will just settle down --Silence!!!-- for a little bit of reading. She opened up the bible and began to read. When she finished, I had my head down on the desk. I must have been the only one who felt a little tired. She called my name and it rang in my ears. Her voice was like nails on a chalk-board and it sent chills up my doubled spine --Eddy--!
Yes? I snapped my head up, before she rolled out of her chair and hauled her large body down the isle toward me, pushing the desks apart. She was dressed in her old military uniform, decorated with the medals she earned for her years of service to the core. She slammed her hands down on my desk and bent over. She put her face close to mine and said, Could I see you outside for a moment?
Yes maam. I smiled back at her hoping she would smile too, but it didnt happen. 
Outside the classroom, What grade are you in? Immediately came a question from Mrs. Wooly. 
Grade one. I replied.
Do you know how to read, count, add and subtract numbers? Mrs. Wooly was easier to speak to when we were no longer near the other children.
Sure, some people have been surprised how I could multiply and divide fractions and enjoy learning algebra. I answered enthusiastically, I've read one hundred and eighty-seven library books, some of them were text books, three magic books, which my mother gave to me, and half of the bible over the summer.
You read that much? Would you mind if I gave you another test later? It won't be for your grade, just for fun.
I don't mind if its for my grade or not. Its all the same to me. I told her casually.
What did you understand from the bible? She asked as she folded her arms over her chest. As she straightened I remember how tall she looked.
I remember everything I see and hear, however, I am unable to relate to the unattainable concept I read from the bible. Science fills us with in-depth explanations to help clarify how something works or has come to be. The Bibles answer to everything seems to be the power of God, or miracles. Unless it is evil, then it is the devils fault. I find it difficult to live by faith, yet I understand I could never attain all of the control in the world. It is an interesting way of life and has gained a lot of support from archeology, but I remain skeptical. It is a useful concept for getting people to obey laws and develop order, but much of it seems too hocus-pocus to me. Where is the tangible proof or logic in a God. It sounds to me like people need something to believe in, they have big questions about their own existence or how the world came about, so they developed the bible to quickly answer the unexplainable without the complications of scientific trails or mysterious unanswered strings.
Silence! Announced Mrs. Wooly, How dare you talk about God with such insolence and disrespect! You're too young to know what youre saying.
I am sorry. I suppose youre right. I am young and until God has revealed himself or there is a connection made between science and God, I will follow science. The truth didnt seem to be working out for me very well as I spoke in my own defense.
A quiver rippled through Mrs. Woollys cheeks with frustration. She pushed her glasses further up her nose and looked down. After Mrs. Wooly took a deep breath to clear her head and compose herself, she said, What I brought you out here for is to tell you, your test was marked first and it appears you have an amazing skill at learning. At this point you have been tested at a high school level. The school board, decided to not bump you quite so far into the ranks of the school system. In taking care not to move along too rapidly, at this moment we have put you in a grade three class. However, you won't stay here for long if you continue with this attitude of yours. Warned Mrs. Wooly. Remember Eddy, the other children look up to you for strength and guidance. If you have little faith they too will have little faith.
I was amazed at the words being spoken by this lady. I was not interested in getting into a religious debate with her. I let her win this round. I was going to be bumped up to grade three! We went back to class, and I had never been so distracted in a classroom as it was then. I was teased because I couldnt wipe the smile off my face.

That evening at home, I told my mother the good news and she said, I heard about it earlier, Im glad your teacher told you. I wished I could see through her black emotionless face mask. The moment may have felt more real if I could see her smile and delight in the joy in her eyes. Ive prepared a cake. Lets celebrate tonight, Eddy... Just you and I. The excitement in her raspy voice made all the difference. I had never been so excited before in my life. The rest of the day went by faster than ever. Later that night I prepared for my twenty-four hour sleep, but it wasnt easy because I heard several gun shots outside and wondered what could possibly be going on within the perimeter of the Base. Mom called Dr. Evon to find out what was going on but he reassured her there was nothing to worry about.

Elsewhere, at approximately the same time, groups of heavily trained soldiers were hustling from place to place within the shadows of the fortified military perimeter. With state of the art stealth techniques, the soldiers remained in contact with one another. The radios they used were designed for silence as well. When everyone was in position they initiated the next step and released the dogs. Four Dobermans came scampering out of the darkness and they were hungry to kill. The dogs were so vicious they would pant and growl at the same time as they ran. They darted in right through the hidden groups of soldiers and dived right in behind a parked military truck. A great scuffle was heard and some loud thumping sounds. The security dogs yelped out loud with pain as they were beaten to death. Out from the darkness came a thinly framed short person who had an abnormally large head. The creature held two dogs by the throat in each hand. As the soldiers leaped out from the shadows, the creature began to throw the dogs at the soldiers. The power at which the dead dogs were thrown was of such force it knocked down the entire groups at a time. Machine gun fire began to light up the area as the soldier retaliated.
The creature was exposed in the flashing lights of gun-fire. It was an Ornock, a living creature from another planet, and it was being held in the barracks Top secret. Bullets crossed and struck it just as it began to run forward. The Ornock quickly ran to a group and struck a soldier knocking him ten feet into the air before it punched another officer in the chest repeatedly as though he was mimicking the rapid fire of a machine gun. But it was the final strike for the Ornock as it was mutilated within a circle of cross fire.
At a glance one might make reference to the similarities between a volk and an Ornock. They both had grey skin, large heads and black eyes, but their bodies were very different. Where an Ornock was short and thinly framed, a full grown volk was on average taller than a human by a couple of feet and solidly built with muscles.

Two days later, the doorbell rang and a heavy fist knocked at the front door. My mother was quick to answer the door and welcomed Dr. Evon into our home. When he walked through the open door I noticed he was carrying a large black box. He looked over to me and said, Hello, Eddy. I've brought you something.
A gift? I asked. Dr. Evon did not reply. Connecting the television to his black box, he abruptly began fiddling with wires. Both, he and my mother, had smiles on their faces. The more he fiddled the more curious I became.
There we are. Said the doctor as red, green and blue lights lit up at the front of the black box.
What is this machine for? I asked excitedly.
Its a DVD player. Said Dr. Evon. I was hoping to watch a movie with you. It is called Alien Terrestrial. It is very popular. After the show, we can discuss plans for our future over dinner this evening. The doctors tone in his voice made everything seem so pleasant.
Dinner and a movie, eh? Is this some kind of date? I asked loudly.
Gastonish looked at Dr. Evon but her facial expression was concealed behind her mask. It was quickly established how the doctor was not trying to imply anything by the occasion.
When the movie began, Dr. Evon and I were very interested while Mom would laugh or chuckle at the special effects used to represent the spaceship and aliens. As the story went on mom became even more interested. I don't think Dr. Evon heard her but, when the television screen showed a full view of an aliens head, I could almost swear I heard Mom say, Perhaps Ornocks are the answer.
Later, during the movie Mom began to look sad, pale, and sick when an alien was being dissected. Before the sad dramatic climax at the end of the movie, Mom was crying. She quickly stopped when she realized Dr. Evon and I were sobbing with her. Mom suggested we all go into the kitchen for something to snack on. I quickly took my usual seat at the table. I didn't know what ingredients my mother used when she created a meal in the kitchen, nobody did. However, what she made had an original taste all its own. Everyone who tried my mothers food always enjoyed it. What she served us for a snack was small, bite size, black, crunchy coated cookies with a murky, yellowish filling. The taste was incomparable, but satisfying.
Eddy... Dr. Evon began, Your mother has brought to my attention how you are pleased with your first day of school.
Yes sir. I said happily, I have been bumped to a grade three level.
Well, The doctors face stretched out abnormally from side to side as he smiled brightly. You are developing fast, super-fast and super-smart. A moment was lost as he smiled down at me, lost in his thoughts. This calls for a celebration! the doctor returned.
I'm sure it does but deep down, my feelings have remained the same. I am not happy here. It feels like I am going to be here for the rest of my life. Trapped. I said.
Wha-- Really? Dr. Evon was surprised but, I had told him about my feelings before. Well, I guess this is as good a time as any to tell you about our plans to move you to a new secure location.
A secure location would be no different than where we are right now. Gastonish voiced, What my son and I want is to be free. Like animals, we are being held against our will and like animals we should be set free so we can try to go back where we came from. Gastonish frowned.
We have considered that idea, but there is too much to lose. Perhaps you don't realize how important you are to us. If we let you go, we run the risk of losing you forever, and without our protection you and your son would be in great danger. 
If you hold us here against our will, a day will soon come when you all will be in great danger. Gastonish warned.
The doctors face hardened into seriousness. I have told you before. You need our protection. Our tests have revealed you and your son are not human. In this world you will always be in danger as nations throughout the world learn about you. Don't take for granted, the kindness you have found here in us, your friends. You are from another planet, a planet you called Telemar. Gastonish smiled inwardly, because Telemar was the name of a city of the planet Verticus. She remained quiet and let the doctor continue. I am still amazed at how this situation has become our reality, but here it is. You are not from this world and yet I communicate with you. You have done well, Gastonish, to co-operate with us. Youve made some worthwhile deals for better living accommodations.
What do you mean? I perked up and asked inquisitively, What deals?
I have traded a few ideas of mine for a better way of life for us, Eddy. Gastonish cleared her throat as it irritated her to speak.
And she managed to do it all within the legal limitations of our justice system. No one has to convince me you are both aliens and now you are the only living aliens with protected rights.
Dr. Evon, there is something else, I would like to work some kind of deal for. suggested Gastonish as she shifted her weight for a new comfortable position.
Oh? What would that be? Dr. Evon asked curiously, pointing his nose in the air.
I have been looking into the surgical practices of reconstructive surgery. After putting a lot of thought into what information I would give for such a gift, I believe a mutually beneficial agreement could be met. I will not go into great detail about what kind of agreement I have in mind with you but I trust you can promptly make the necessary arrangements for me to meet with my lawyer to draw up the proposal.
Dr. Evon smiled and lowered his eyes for a moment to appreciate the firm grasp of control Gastonish was capable of having on people. He took a long breath as he considered what he heard and how he felt about the reality of its possibilities. Im so proud of you. You have learned so much about our world, but Gastonish, do you really think it is wise to reconstruct your disfigurement so you can walk this planet with the appearance of a volk, rather than a burn victim?
What makes you think I want to retake the appearance of a volk? Spoke my mother quietly.
Dr. Evon and I were amazed at what we heard. Gastonish was suggesting she would willingly take on the appearance of a human.
Mom? Using my innocence of youth, I captured her attention. If you do this will I be able to recognize you?
If I were able to have my burns fully healed I don't think you would be able to recognize me. At least this way I would not be considered a freak by this world.
And what about me, mom, am I supposed to have reconstructive surgery as well? I asked.
No Eddy, I could not bear seeing you go through such an unnecessary surgery. You are perfect in my eyes. This is something I have in mind for me alone. She bent down on one knee and gave me a hug. She pressed her head against my cheek before she whispered in my ear. You will not grow up as a freak, Eddy, I have plans to negotiate terms of our freedom, it is just not time yet.
Gail, I can not make any promises about your plan to have plastic surgery, but you know I will back you up as much as I can. As for freedom, it is not as easy as that. Dr. Evon straightened. You can never live free enough to roam this planet as you wish, like a human. But as I was saying, we have a new place in mind to send you both. It is secluded, and you will feel the riches of freedom there. You won't find electrical fences, curfews or the nagging of constant supervisions. You will still be required to have regular physical testing and other similar check-ups, but it will be nothing like what you have experienced here.
Why, the sudden interest to consider our request? We have asked you to support us for the past few years for the sake of freedom and every time we have been denied. Gastonish was very suspicious and curious.
I was not allowed to share the information of the locations development before, but were finally ready to get things rolling. There have been rumours, someone from within the base is leaking information about your existence. Looks like quarantine is not as top-notch as I was promised, which is very dangerous for you. For now until the time you arrive at the new location, you and your son are forbidden to speak to anyone at all. If someone comes to you and asks a question, say nothing, and let me know as soon as possible. Please trust me... You will be free.
The freedom he spoke of was not exactly what my mother and I had in mind, but we recognized any more freedom than what we had was a step up. I crumbled off a bite from one of my mothers cookies. The silence was broken as I munched. My bashful smile stretched from ear to ear. Picking up on a signal, like a radio frequency in my mind, I sensed how my mother was pleased. I did not feel comfortable about her decision to accept treatments of reconstructive surgery from humans, but she was my mother and I could not argue with her easily at such a tender age.
The doctor left the table and went on his way to collect his DVD player. Mom opened the door and when Dr. Evon was about to head out to his car from the complex, Mom softly called after him, Wait! When should we begin preparations for the move? There is still so much I don't know.
As Dr. Evon turned to answer her, the DVD almost slipped and tumbled out of his arms and he replied, I am limited as to how much information I can give you at this time. Just be ready as soon as possible and remember, total silence. The doctor whispered before he made a motion with his hand at his mouth to suggest he was zipping his lips shut.
Gastonish answered the doctor with, Thank you. before she waved good-bye. When Gastonish saw Dr. Evon had reached his car, she closed the door.
My mother and I were ecstatic with feelings. We began to pack our things immediately. Neither of us said a word to each other because we were worried a spy may be listening somehow. We were not about to take any chances to jeopardize our opportunity to be free. Shortly after Dr. Evon left, some soldiers came to the door and took me away for some extended mental and physical testing. I was much more patient and helpful with the scientists, as I clung to my new hope of freedom and change, I found strength to endure the test procedures.
     
I spent the night under going long hours of exercise and studying, while my mother slept. Before she woke-up, I had a quick shower before I went to the kitchen for breakfast. I sat down and mom placed before me the usual; four sandwiches dripping with honey. Black specks were mixed in with the honey. I was also served a large jug of fruit juice. 
Mom? I asked looking up at her with my large glossy infant eyes, I have been meaning to ask you what these black specks are that you crunch up and mix with the honey.
Its kind of like, pepper. she replied with a shrug of her shoulders.
I ran over to the shelf where the spices were kept. With a leap I grabbed the edge of the counter top and hoisted myself up onto the counter. From there I stood up and opened the upper cupboard door. I took a jar from the shelf. This is it, right?
My mother became annoyed. Give that back! She demanded sternly. You shouldn't be climbing on counters, you could break something. Now, let me help you down and don't do that again.
I quickly opened the container and emptied the contents out on the counter. Thousands of dried insects spilled out all over. I looked at my mother with disgust written all over my face.
Don't be silly, Eddy. She said strangely. You don't really believe I would feed you insects, do you?
I'm not sure. I said suspiciously.
Gastonish lowered her head and breathed as though she was defeated. Believe it or not, and I am trusting, you wont tell anyone of what I tell you, Im sure if she wasnt wearing her dark goggles see would have been giving me the eye. There is a mystery here in these insects. I have found too many similarities between the insects of this world and Verticus. I think if I carefully study these earthen insects we can acquire critical knowledge which will help us to figure out how to return home.
My mother was serious about studying the insects so I believed her and tried not to bring up the subject again. However, later, Gastonish did confess to using insects for her special ingredients. I did not understand how Gastonish was able to separate the insects innards from their dry outer skeletons, but she did. Gastonish kept specific insect meats and organs in a multitude of separate jars. I must commend my mother for her ability to create the most tasty foods, snacks and medicines from bugs. Crunchy bug rolls, critter crackers, creepy crawly cookies, Anty ma-ma pancakes, thick tick shakes, chocolate rocket roach bars and cheese bug burgers. Somehow my mother could cause the insects she collected to grow larger than usual. Many were the size of lobsters and the dinners were usually quite exotic and she had the ability to make common house flies into delicacies, like mosquito flame-bo. She told me how each of her dishes were very nutritious and most importantly, very top-secret. Only mom and I could enjoy them.
Eddy? asked Gastonish as I took the first bite into my sandwich. After today, we will be free and I will find someone who will be your new teacher. He will teach you everything you'll ever need to know.
My curiosity had quickly peaked. Who is it? I asked impatiently. She looked at me blankly, Hey, wait a minute, is it Dr. Evon? I asked with disappointment.
She giggled, No, no, it is not Dr. Evon. Its someone from verticus. Now hurry up and eat, I will tell you more about who your new teacher will be, when we get to our new home.
I was such a young volk and I had an over active imagination like any human child would. Though I did not speak it, I thought Gastonish was referring to my father. I came up with possible scenarios as to how Mulunac may have survived and where he was.

The next day was moving day, and the movers were working like ants in single file. Gastonish was dressed in her specially designed black body suit, as usual. She stood outside with Dr. Evon and a few other high military officials. I was supposed to stay in a trailer, out of sight, but I was too excited to experience the promise of freedom. I wandered inside one last time to say good-bye to our empty suite. I heard some workers grunting as they worked in my bedroom.
Hey, Tom, why don't you go back to the van and get some pliers. This is ridiculous. said a mover from within the room.
I walked toward the door and a tall skinny man walked out with a flushed face. When I entered the room, I found a large man dressed in worn blue jeans with sweat pouring down his face.
Wheezing as he breathed. He said, Hey, boy, you lived here? He wiped the sweat from his forehead, removed his sunglasses and turned his head down to me for a better look, Oh, sorry, I have explicit instructions not to say a word to you.
What is your name? I asked.
No, don't ask, I am not saying another word. He replied.
My mother and I lived here. I pressed on.
Well, He spoke softly. He turned his head from left to right to be sure no one else could hear him. He bent forward and smiled, Who lifts these weights? He wiped off some sweat, from the back of his neck with a rag.
Stepping toward the barbells on the bench, I placed my hands on the bar. Only my mother and I lived here and she hardly ever touched 'em.
I grabbed the two hundred and fifty pound barbell with both hands. Next, I propped it up onto my right shoulder, while supporting it with my right hand. Bending down with my knees, I pick up a smaller thirty pound hand weight with my left free hand, and left the room. The mans jaw hung open as he watched me leave. I love being a volk. I smiled inwardly. I was lightly reprimanded by a sergeant for leaving the trailer, before I was rushed to a nearby van.

Hidden in an armored van, my mother and I were driven from the base. Our possessions, transported in separate vehicles, we traveled night and day, before the van stopped and my mother and I were directed to get out.
Within an underground parking lot we climbed into a huge box trailer of a tri-axle tractor truck. By human standards it was cold in the trailer with the boxes of cargo. The box compartment was hoisted from the flat bed trailer where we were loaded onto a sea faring cargo vessel. It was like we were traveling for an eternity. As we were rocked back and forth over the waves the boxes around us would shift and slide.
When the ferry finally docked, we were once again loaded onto a flat-bed tractor trailer and on the move. We drove a short distance along a dirt road, before we were told to get out and climb into yet another vehicle. I jumped out of the trailer and took a good look around. My eyes adjusted quickly as the salty warm ocean breeze swept over me. I was momentarily tranquilized by the air and beauty of the Island. I did not expect to find such lush green growth. We were truly on the Island. I had to lean back as I tried to take in the great cone shaped mountain of the ocean which stood before me. Heavy waves pounded against the surf. A steep rocky cliff wall towered over and around us almost like a giant cave. Deep shadows contributed to its awesome size. A pick-up truck which looked like it had seen better days, was parked nearby. The driver opened the passenger door from where he sat and waved for us to get in. Just before I entered the truck I paused to take in one last look at the incredible Island. Another gust of wind washed over me before my keen ears heard the songs of strange birds which I had not heard before. I could not contain the smile which stretched across my face. I bounced into the truck with an energized happiness which fed my already joyous mood.
The smell of pine, with a dash of salt, filtered through the vents and filled the cab of the truck. The humans who accompanied us all made a few comments, Hey, my butt hurts! How are you?
Flat as a pancake of course, yee-ouch! How much further?
Ah, here we are, just around this bend. In all, the trip took us about ten hours to complete. The road gave us the opportunity to get a good look at the Island. A few areas were thick with jungle bush, but for the most part the Island was clothed with mainly green virgin forests of tall ancient woodland trees. Though the Island was primarily a single mountain protruding out of the sea, and considered a small Island, I was overjoyed by its beauty. I could not wait to enjoy the freedom to venture into its indigenous forest, but any outdoor life was great after spending most of your life on a military base.
Eddy. My mother called quietly, Look over there. When I looked over and spotted our new home, a magical feeling came over me. As we drove closer, the front door opened and Dr. Evon stepped out to greet us. Somehow, he had beaten us there from the ferry. The truck came to a stop and I stepped out. Birds greeted us from the trees, and the sun filtered through the leaves.
The rickety little cabin had faded with an old chipped wood exterior. The roof was covered with moss. It could have been just me but it was as if the house was slightly slanted to one side. This may be in part of the challenge the builders would have had because the entire right side of the cabin was built into the steep rock wall of the mountain.
The drivers backed the moving truck onto our property. My mother and I could not hold back our excitement, we just had to go inside. Amazingly, the interior was much different from the exterior, only where I expected to find a wall of rock, there was a natural wooden wall with a closet. The walls were mostly hard wood tongue and groove. We had all of the comforts of our previous apartment, electrical power, gas heating, plumbing, kitchen appliances, utilities and even a workable indoor bathroom. A large window on the far side of the room looked out over our yard to the surrounding trees. To our left were two doors to each of our bedrooms. We explored as much as we quickly could, opening cupboards, testing faucets and light switches.
You are going to just love it here, Gastonish. Dr. Evon told her with a smile.
Doctor, why did you call me, Gastonish. She asked surprisingly.
Well you'd better get used to it because you have no secret identity in this town. The doctor said as he started the gas fireplace. You will notice you only have one phone and it does not come complete with numbers to dial out. This phone is strictly for emergencies. When you lift the receiver, you will be instantly linked to a military base which is not far from here. They will answer your questions and deploy a squad to deal with any emergency you might have.
What kind of emergencies are you talking about? My mother asked.
Lets say you saw something unusual, or you felt you were in some sort of danger. Pick up the phone and tell the voice at the other end. They will instruct you further. We have a code which you and Eddy will have to become familiar with while you live as civilians here. The code is the law of the Island and you must respect it. In time you will become more familiar with how we do things here, but for now you need to understand you have majestic clearance to go anywhere you wish on this Island, but there are certain military areas which are off limits to you. Do not interfere with military activities. The only people who can enter such places have a code clearance higher than yours which is Q clearance. You will know the difference by the ID cards people carry around their necks.
Gastonish looked at Dr. Evons ID card which hung from a long chain around his neck. It was clearly marked with Q clearance. He pulled a couple of other ID cards out of his pocket and put the chains over the heads of my mother and I. Ours were like everyone elses except we didnt have our pictures on them.

Before long, the movers finished unloading and pulled out. We were left in the small cabin with the gas fire as our only source of light. The room was filled with boxes. I started to unpack my things into my room and assemble some furniture. I could see just fine in the soft lazy orange glow.
Eddy. called my mother in a soft voice. Don't unpack right now, come here and sit with me.
But mom, I protested. We should, at least check to see who is standing guard for us tonight.
No one should be standing guard anymore. but as Gastonish thought about it she too became curious if the humans would be true to their words. She stood up and approached the door. Quietly Gastonish called to her sertz, careful not to reveal the existence of the small robot to me. Xonox, please sweep the area for the closest humans to this dwelling. opening the door just a crack to peek out Gastonish allowed her sertz to slip through unnoticed into the night.
Before long Xonox returned and flew into Gastonishs ear. MAJESTY, THE CLOSEST HUMANS ARE THOSE LIVING IN NEIGHBORING DWELLINGS.
Neighbours Eddy, the only people out there, live in distant homes and they are our neighbours. So just sit, Eddy... Please? My mother comfortably curled up onto the sofa with a warm smile. I pulled the couch, angling it to see both the fire and the scenery. Words were not spoken, but feelings were exchanged through our heightened volk senses. More specifically these were feelings of comfort, peace and freedom.

After about a week, I felt so much more comfortable at my new home. My mother and I would plan what we were going to do with the area around our home. I had great plans of building unrealistic projects which were unnecessary, for example, a sixty foot tall look out tower with an elevator which was powered by the circulation of water, or my idea of an elaborate underground bunker which could sustain life for years. Though my ideas would have worked, they were more optimistic than practical. I had a knack, as a boy, to set huge goals for myself. My mother always supported my ideas, no matter how outrageous they may have been. In the end she would persuade me to do the lesser, more rational of the ideas. I built a bridge which crossed a small stream that ran through our backyard, a wood shed and a strange insect hotel of my mothers design. Her fascination for insects was not strange to me as a child, but interesting. She spoke about insects with great enthusiasm and admiration.
We had to go to the Islands lumber yard for supplies. Everyone who worked there was interested in me and they always had a compliment concerning my strength. Mom would use the phone and ask for a ride. Shortly after, Dr. Evon would arrive driving yet another one of the Islands famous old pick-up trucks, which he used to take us into the town.
The road weaved in and out of the Islands folds as we circled around to the north side. The Island was small and the town, set deep into a crevice, was no bigger than half a dozen old cabins. Much of the Islands roads and land markings were through large dug out portals or other odd gnarly shapes. When I turned from the dream like Island and looked out across the vast ocean, it was like we were the last survivors of a worldwide flood. It wasn't just lonely, it was eerie.              
                                 
 It was not long before other people began arriving to the Island. They appeared to be simple civilians. The people were relatively good hearted and simple to figure out. The Island was like a seed and a small community developed from it. I soon started school again. The new comers to the Island wore casual clothing; jeans, T-shirts and boots, and other items of the sort. Dr. Evon and his unit wore strikingly clean white lab coats and all military personnel wore camouflage uniforms. Even with my precise sharp perception, I was not always able to notice a soldier against the thick growth of the Island right away.
Only a few weeks after arriving to the Island, my mother was taken away from me to begin her reconstructive surgery. Once again she managed to negotiate terms to bribe officials and bend her desires to her will. Dr. Evon took care of me during my mothers absence. I was able to keep in contact with her through the doctors portable computer terminal and two way video, but I was not allowed to visit her. I pictured my mothers face after a successful surgery as one where she would be the most beautiful volk ever. I imagined all human women envious of her beauty. Huge magazine labels would offer her millions of dollars to have her photo on their magazine covers to be distributed around the world. Only, as the governments best kept secret, this would likely not happen, no matter what she looked like.
When she finally returned, I blocked my feelings of longing to hug her and kiss her. She did not look like the same mother who left me before the operation. She looked remarkably like a human yet odd facial features such as over developed cheek bones, chin and eyebrows were unmistakable trademarks. Not to mention, her over all skull was noticeably, yet subtly larger than everyone elses. Her height and build also contributed to her noticeable differences which also added to the proof how a human impostor could not pull off such a masquerade. However, her skin was pink and smooth, but there was one draw back, she was unable to grow hair. She was given an assortment of wigs and she liked them all. It wasn't until she spoke to me and our minds touched when I knew, without a doubt, she was my authentic mother. What do you think, Eddy? I sensed she was uncertain if she could pull off a successful human look as well.
I wont lie to you, mom. It may take some time to get used to it, but in comparison to the severe damaged skin you had before, it is certainly an improvement. I smiled to her with loving assurance.
I agree with that, Eddy. And this skin is so much more comfortable. She confirmed as she stroked the bare skin of her left arm.
It only took a day or two for me to begin feeling comfortable with my mothers new human appearance, but the feeling soon grew into discrimination. As she began to seem more accepted into the human world, I was more like the one and only freak. My mother was no longer a volk like me and it was like a silent wedge had been driven between us from that point on which would last a long time after.

One clear sunny day, mom and I decided to pack light and go hiking up the steep mountain. The sun was hot but we were safe under the canopy of trees. Because of the Islands single peek, we began to climb its steepness a few feet from our home. Do you like school? asked my mother, breaking the silence. She leaned hard onto a walking stick which she had carved. 
Sure, the work is easy, and I am learning something new either on the computer or in the components of the computer every day. I responded as I pushed bushes out of my way. We were not a trail, rather we were on a heading which was simply up.
Eddy, remember when I told you I could get you to meet someone who could give you a much better education than anyone else on earth could? She swung one of her long blond braids back behind her shoulder. 
I remember. It sounds too good to be true! What do you mean, like tutoring at home? When can we start? I paused in mid stride to hear Gastonishs answer clearly.
Today. She answered confidently with a sense of being in control and of possessing power, but she would not elaborate further.
We made our way over a small ridge to an equally small clearing. We have much to discuss. I know you are hurting, Eddy. While I was pregnant with you, I hoped you would grow to become exactly who you are, a healthy Volk. You are normal all right, in fact, six months before you were born, I looked much like you do now, and before that your father and I had just been married.
You and Mulunac, right? I cut in.
Thats right, only at the time we went to the Genation nebula, not only did your father die, but I believe something else happened, something very strange. The on-board navigational system malfunctioned and sent me to this uncharted planet. She explained while pondering her own words.
Hold it, mom. Every time you start talking about dad, you always make up this ridiculous planet called Verticus before you tell me about Genation. As much as you explain Genation, I still haven't got the foggiest idea of what it really is. Are you covering up for something else? I want the truth. I spoke as stern as I could, but moms face did not falter and I knew whatever she was saying really meant something to her.
I am telling you the truth! She raised her voice. Now sit down, Eddy, because for once, you are going to hear the truth.
I sat on a damp mossy topped rock which was directly behind me. Mom remained on her feet, pacing back and forth as she talked. I put one hand down on the moss and gave her my full attention.
As I was saying. Your father and I were in our Zandith Crockmior, racing through space. Your father wanted to take me some place special. Soon we came upon a beautiful twin nebula. Volks call it the Genation nebula. He was abducted by some strange blue lights which took him away like some sort of comet. I, still within the Zandith Crockmior, was sucked into the blue twin before our navigational processors began to fail. You and I are lucky to be alive. She turned and sat down looking at the scenery. The sun luminously lit the clouds over the horizon with the most dazzling colors of yellow and golden orange. If only I remembered a camera, for the fiery beauty was surrounded with a strange stillness from a clear sky of soft blues and purples. As we watched the light dancing over the edges of the clouds, beams of sunlight stabbed through and reflected off the distant waves. We sat in silence for some time. My mother was obviously lost in her thoughts.
Well, what do you say about moving on, I mean we did start hiking, why don't we finish. We can talk on the way. I tried to break the tension and pick up the pace. She took a deep cleansing breath and stood up. You can explain what a Zandith Crockmior is to me? I added, she loved hearing me ask questions like that and I think she enjoyed explaining such things to me. A few feet into our continued hike, I question which I would consider odd at any other time. Mom, is Verticus really that much better than this world?
Good question, Eddy. I would say as far as a natural world, this planet is amazing. It can sustain life easily without assistance. Verticus has been going through Volk alterations since the beginning of time. Everything and anything you might need is readily available for you. When I first came here to this planet, I was so anxious to go home I became very prejudice toward this world. But lately, more than ever, I have found myself stopping to take in the natural beauty which surrounds us.
The path became very narrow, and the left side dropped away down a cliff to a roaring creek below. Eddy, don't you like this world you live in today? She started.
I can't imagine a better world. I replied.
I can. A glint in her eye and a dreamy lull in her voice told me I touched a nerve. I know a world without so much danger. War is an ancient idea of the past, volks are more peaceful, and there is plenty of food, water, housing and personal care for everyone. I could go on forever.
Don't bother, I cut in. What you're describing is a boring carefree world. When do you grow up, take responsibility or get some excitement?
Oh, well, I guess I'm not explaining myself clearly enough then, because Volks are very mature. They take so much responsibility it would break a human. And excitement? Have you been sleeping in the past when I have spoken of your father and the adventures we had? In your eyes, my up-bringing on Verticus would seem like a life lived in a fantasy world, but this is a primitive world. Just consider this situation if it were reversed. We are human, I'm your daughter and we've found ourselves stranded on an Island occupied by a primitive culture, like cavemen, explain this world in such a way I'll believe you. We may have the capability of fire, if not, you could provide it and those who dwelt among us would think of us as freaks. You try to explain your home of automobiles and air planes...
Okay, okay, I've got the point. I told her with typical adolescent behaviour.
Eddy... you see? Nobody understands how hard it has been for me. She added and it all began to sink in for me and become clear. I was beginning to believe her.
If this story really is true, then you are suggesting we need to find a way to travel through space. I looked up to the sky and smiled, before I brought my gaze back down to my mother. I can't wait to hear how you plan to work this out. I mean how exactly are we supposed to get back to where we belong? Build a radio or beacon? Because you can not seriously suggest you and I are going to build a space ship.
My sertz can not establish contact with our kind but I believe there is another way. She cocked her fake eyebrow as a plan began to come together, You are going down into Anderson Lake to retrieve the Zandith Crockmior L/X. Then you will repair any salvageable components.
Ya, sure mom. I commented only half listening to her and the strange words she used. I found it tiresome to question every word I didn't understand. Whatever you say. I added sarcastically. It would be like sending a monkey to be a mechanic.
You are four years old and the insectular is most likely damaged beyond repair, not to mention the excessive abuse it took from its mid-flight battle. Your father would probably try a retrieval operation, so I will have to get you a tutor to teach you to think like he thought. She raised her head and said. Xonox!
I thought my mother had finally done it. She was definitely coo-coo. As she tilted her ear to me, a small pink light emerged and said, WHAT MAY I DO FOR YOU, ROMULAW?
Xonox, I would like you to meet Eddy, my son. She said. The small object came closer to me and as it did I could see its fine detail more clearly.
Its a small robot! I exclaimed with exuberance. It sure is tiny. I added.
Yes, its my sertz, its name is Xonox. Xonox, bring to us Mulunacs sertz.
JUST A MOMENT, MAJESTY. The robot spoke before it took off in a blurry streak.
Majesty? I questioned. Did I also hear it refer to you as, Romulaw?
Thats right, all sertz refer to their female consort as Majesty, Romulaw or more elegantly Romlessa. It is a gesture of respect and loyalty and a great honor from ones sertz not to be taken for granted. When Xonox reappeared, it was accompanied with another new, slightly bigger, sertz. 
Was the Zandith Crockmior damaged? Can we salvage anything from it? Gastonish asked Xonox.
THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR HAS ALMOST ENTIRELY ROTTED AWAY, YOUR MAJESTY. My mothers eyes were so innocent and helpless. WHAT IS LEFT IS ITS OUTER INSECT SKELETON, AND SOME ITEMS WHICH THE LATE MULUNAC WORE AT THE TIME OF HIS DEATH AND A LARVA POD STILL IN STASIS. From the report, Gastonish gained her strength back, and some. She smiled contently as she turned my way. She walked over to me and rolled up my sleeve.
Eddy, hold out your palm.
I did what she asked and the bigger sertz came over to me and examined my hand.
CLOSE YOUR EYES. spoke the words of the bigger sertz.
I closed them and I was concentrating on the nerves in my open hand. I felt a pinch.
My hand!!! I yelled, as I quickly jerked my hand back. What did it do, mom?
Don't worry Eddy, it had to examine your cell structure to find matching relative code to confirm you are Mulunacs true son. she explained away my short lived pain.
Why didn't you just tell me it would pinch?! I exclaimed as an attention thirsty child does.
I didn't want you to move your hand away. This sertz with these four small rockets, or repulsars, behind it was once your fathers. It has deactivated and remained that way ever since your father died. You have come of legal age to inherit his sertz and it has been reactivated. This sertz has found a new purpose to continue on for you. The sertz of Verticus are all linked through the sertz central collective. Where I come from they share important, up to date information. This system assisted all volks to share and collaborate information and learn in unison. At first you will find your sertz is over run with information as it will thumb print our history to your mind. Since our sertz have lost contact with the central sertz collective we can not be informed of events to date. Your father called his sertz Zip because of the noise it made at high speeds. When you name your sertz, your last name will become its first name, meaning your fathers full name was Mulunac Zip. My name is Gastonish Xonox. Your name is Eddy...?
Evon. I answered proudly, because Dr. Evon was the closet person I knew who fit to a father figure in my life.
Chapter 5

Our steep trail joined a dirt road 600 meters above sea level. From where we were we could see much of the Island below. The movement of people and vehicles through the small town was comical. My mother and I tried to point out things to one another asking; Is that the road which leads to the huge open cave at the beach? Gastonish started.
That must be the ferry dock in the harbor. I pointed enthusiastically.
Yes, it sure looks small from here. Added my mother as she squinted her eyes to see the distant ferry.
Seeing with the eyes of a volk is superior over what humans see through their eyes, right? We often had humans on our minds.
It would be difficult to make that assumption unless we could see with human eyes and compare. Gastonish answered nodding her head. In light of many other comparisons, Im sure our eye sight is superior. Gastonish filled her lungs with the salty breeze before she let it out with a new thought. This place has been created to give the observer the impression this is an insignificant Island full of poverty and out of touch from the sophistication abroad.
We took notice of the thin air and though we climbed a long way we still had a long way to go. To traverse the Island was to find out just how big it really was. We decided to mark the spot and return there again one day. Heading down the dirt road, famished and sweating from head to toe we longed to collapse on the beds of our cabin. Gastonish was so hot and sweaty, she even took her wig off. 
I should have been admiring the trees and the fresh woodland scents, or the sun on my face, but the only thing on my mind was my sertz.
As my mother and I were walking down the dirt road, I started talking to both her and my new tutor and friend, Evon. Every question I asked was answered and I had a lot of questions. We found our theories for getting back to Verticus were no less unique and innovative but uncertain. To be prepared for the possibility we would not return, we decided I should stay in school and complete my education.
When things quieted down, my sertz flew into my ear. I was so surprised I was filled with fear. I slapped and dug at my ear to get the sertz out. Though my mother tried to assist me, she could not understand what was going on. Eddy! Are you in pain? She was half worried there was a life threatening problem. I fell to the ground screaming for help. I thought my sertz had gone berserk and was trying to attack me. Is your sertz causing you pain?
I thought about what she said and sure enough, the sertz was not causing me pain. It was invading my ear, trespassing in an uncomfortable and violating tickle. I heard my mother tell me, Just let it go. I focused on her eyes as we locked our arms together. I breathed and tried to accept the living nightmare of having the strange sertz establish itself inside my head. The incident did not last long until I felt it move. Struggling under my mothers powerful hold, I resisted. As Gastonish talked me through the moment, her soothing words helped me to understand what was happening. Soon after, Gastonish explained how it was normal for a sertz to reside within a volks ear. 
Eddy, your sertz, when anchored to the cranium within your ear, can assist the mind to help deal with problems or feelings. It will deliver peace in times when there is no peace. It can help your body to remedy many illnesses and it has the capability to translate thoughts telepathically. It functions as an aided shipper & receiver of thought. It can shut off pain if you are injured so the pain does not distract you, if you so wish. She put her hand on my head and gently slid it down over my cheek. There is so much it can do for you that one day you will wonder how you ever survived without it. But keep in mind it is important your sertz is not discovered. Everything depends on it. My sertz has done very well, so far, and it is best to have it hidden in your ear. This way you can keep an open communication with it in private. Make sure it leaves if you know of any X-ray or surprise body searches.
Oh, how uncomfortable it was to have to adjust to a sertz parking itself in my ear. It took some serious getting used to. The road led us all the way back to the cabin. Despite the many twists and turns our journey home was only a fraction of the time it took for us to hike up.
The night sky was particularly clearer. The stars were so bright and the constellations, so apparent. We sat outside on the porch. Mom and I had the most interesting conversations as we stared up at the twinkling depths which shrouded us. The air was fresh and sweet, a perfect temperature with just the right breeze. My mother and I talked, but that particular night was not a casual conversation. We planned our first attempt to bring the Zandith Crockmior out of the lake and onto the shore.
This Island does not have a boat dock or any boats we can steal. I suppose the people who have arrived don't feel like they will ever leave. The only way on or off the Island is through use of the transport which brought the people and ourselves here. I have asked Dr. Evon if you and I could go to the main land. His reply was the main land was unsafe. This Island is not on any charts so people will not be visiting. The Doctor has gone to great lengths to give us a life of freedom on this Island. And we would jeopardize our life of seclusion if we were to leave, but I believe we must risk everything to get to the Zandith Crockmior, before its too late.
How do we get off the Island, exactly? my intention was to get right to the point and ask how do we get to Verticus, but obviously steps would need to be taken.
We must wait until you have your day of sleep. Dr. Evon knows your sleeping schedule so you must force yourself to somehow sleep a day early. We will stuff our beds to let it seem as though we are sleeping in them. When it is dark, you and I will go to the transport ferry at the beach and sneak aboard. The ferry will take us to the main land where we will find the lake and the Zandith Crockmior L/X. We will be given an entire day where no one should suspect we left.
Okay, lets say your plan could somehow get us off this Island. How are we going to get to Anderson lake, recover the Zandith Crockmior, repair it and return to our world without Dr. Evon realizing we are missing and starting a global government search? And if he does start a search, Anderson Lake would certainly be on his list of places to look.
If we were to take longer than expected, then their efforts will not matter because once we are at the Zandith Crockmior, we will be as good as gone.
All right. I said. So I'll use my scuba diving gear and search the location where its buried. If I find it, I'll retrieve as many items as I can. I will go down a second time and try to move it. I paused for a second, trying to think of all of the possibilities which might endanger our plan.
Satellites. I said, and jerked with the thought. It was highly improbable yet, still I felt it would be a good idea to hide the craft as we pulled it ashore. I read in magazines how satellites are able to take photo-graphs of a mouse in a field, or the license plate of a car. Knowing this, we should hide the craft, not only from satellites, but from other surveillance possibilities.
Then we'll set camp. My mother abruptly cut in.
What will we use to pitch a camp? I asked.
All I need to do is get us to the lake, from there everything else will be easy. Leave it all to me, Eddy. She stood up and went back into the cabin, thus ended the conversation. Obviously she knew more than she was telling me, but her instructions were, To get to the Lake. And it just wasnt good enough for me.

As days passed, I was unable to think about anything but the plan. Gastonish also became lost in deep thought on many occasions. Altering my pattern of sleep was necessary but no simple task. I was not tired so I had to take many cat-naps through out the day. I could not simply say I was feeling sick because it would cause the doctors and nurses to pay more attention to me. Besides they knew the capabilities of my immune system. I had never been sick in the past. Before I knew it the time arrived, I could see the anticipation in my mothers eyes.
We silently went to work, rolling up blankets and stuffing them under the sheets of the beds. We used pillows to add the curvatures of our decoyed bodies. My eyes were much sharper than my mothers when it came to seeing in the dark. The Island was darker than we anticipated, and the sliver of moonlight gave us little to no assistance.
Through a pre planned short-cut which led us through the forest, we quickly arrived at the beach where the ferry transport was. We were not sure about its schedule, so we waited for a while to see if it was ready to leave. The men who were in the area did not seem to be in any rush to get their jobs done and go. They sat and talked and smoked cigarettes. Somehow, my mother and I were going to create a diversion while we snuck across the beach to the transport, but how? Gastonish had all of the answers. She figured if we were caught and questioned it would be better if I really did not know the details of her plans.
My mother took me by the hand and led me through the woods around to a nearby empty flatbed five ton truck. She slowly opened the passenger door and helped me in. She crawled in behind me and made certain her head was low. She reached out and took the receiver from the C.B. She pressed the button and listened. I shifted my weight to get more comfortable and she shushed me to be quiet. She switched the channel of the C.B. and pressed the button again. Still she did not hear anything from the loud speaker. She tried once more with the next channel and the C.B. aboard the transport made a clicking noise. My mother made certain she heard it by asking me to listen and she clicked it a few more times. I did in fact hear it and acknowledged it to my mother.
Transport vessel. My mother spoke into the C.B.
A man near the ferry hopped up onto the deck and entered the small navigation room. This is the Caruso, Over. The man spoke and his voice came through our C.B. as clear as a bell. Mom quickly turned the volume switch down.
You are required to return to the mainland immediately. Oh, and don't forget to take the truck with you. I was amazed at the risk my mother took.
Control, this is captain Jonathan Chase, of the Caruso. I have no report confirming a boat launch at this time, nor the passage of cargo of any kind.
We know, there are people who require the truck on the mainland and it is very important. Just came up. It was obvious mom was not a master at the language of CBs. I wondered how long she could successfully keep it up.
This is not standard procedure, who is this? Give me your operating number.
That is not necessary. You are required to follow orders, now take the truck and move. All of the um, clearance sheets will be ready for you to sign when you reach the mainland. Gastonish had great confidence she was going to complete her mission, and it showed.
All right, but I don't like it. Now what truck am I supposed to take with me?
Uh, we have assigned a driver to the truck who is supposed to have its lights on. This is the truck you are to take. You may confirm this request with him. My mother had a slightly slow reaction time. The captain looked out of the boat just as mom turned on the head lights.
With an experienced eye and hardened faced which had been weathered by years of life out on the open sea, Captain Jonathan Chase glared suspiciously at the headlights shining from the road. With a gnarly old under bite of white whiskers, the captain shouted, Aye, soldier, bring yer rusty over haul down here.! Waving his arms wide to signal the driver to approach. The only piece of uniform the old captain wore was his captains hat. Surely, his dirty t-shirt and pants were not up to code.
Gastonish started the engine and eased the truck forward slowly as she neared the dock.
The captain tensed up as he tossed his receiver onto the counter and walked toward us. He walked along the beach within the brightness of the headlights. He lifted his hand to shield his eyes and tried to get a look at the driver. Walking around at a distance from the side of the truck, he saw a figure sitting in the front seat looking down.
As he approached he realized it was the face of a woman wearing a cap with her hair tied back. They said you were going to be a guy. The captain said as he reached out for the handle of the door. I am captain Jonathan Chase, and you are?
I heard him fidget with his keys in his pocket with one hand. He had his other hand on the holster of his side arm. He let go of his keys and cautiously opened the squeaky hinged door and my mother sprung out of the truck surprising him. While the captain struggled in my mothers grip, he managed to pull out his gun, but it slipped from his fingers and fell to the sand. Gastonish restrained the captain and pulled him into the cab with great strength. She held the mans mouth and pushed a small metal pipe against his back. Move or make a sound and we will have to clean up a big mess! Mom whispered in his ear.
What do you want? The man asked in fear. It was pitch black. Others on the beach could not see past the headlights of the truck and the captain did not know who we were or if it was in fact a real gun at his back.
You are going to take us off this Island. Now load this truck onto the transport and get us out of here.
The captain drove the truck up the ramp of the transport and turned it off. Another man from the beach approached carrying a flashlight and hollered. Hey, Jonathan, is that you?
Gastonish nudged the captain with the metal pipe and said, Get out and answer him.
The captain stepped out while Gastonish held his wrist in the truck. A slight change of plans Harry, I am to return to the mainland with this truck.
I was not notified. The man behind the flashlight said.
I just got off the com with the brass. They will confirm it.
Okay, whatever, I just work here. The captain was unable to give a sign of his distress in the unstable flashlight beam. Have a safe trip, buddy.
When the flashlight dropped away mom crawled out after the captain, her grip was like a vise. They moved into the small control bridge of the transport. Mom smashed the overhead light as the engine started so the captain could not see her face. I climbed out after and stood by the door.
You know, once Harry calls in to confirm my departure, they will come looking for me. We will all probably die unless we turn back right now. Please, I have a family.
Nice try, but I saw your friend was not in any hurry to phone anyone. Now is this the throttle? Gastonish lurched the throttle forward and the ferry belched as the old motor thundered.
When we were quite some distance from the Island, a voice came over the C.B. and asked a question. Gastonish instructed the captain to report problems of static over the air-waves. Communication was null. Next, Gastonish tied up the captain in thick rope. She used her pipe and smashed the C.B. in both the ferry and the truck.
In the soft hue of morning light my mother and I could see the mainland crest the horizon. The captain was terrified when he could recognize us in the morning light. Apparently, he must have known we were the secret of the Island.
Why do you seem so frightened? My mother asked him.
I was told not to ever speak of the Island to any one nor was I permitted to take people near there, but you... you are the reason, aren't you. The Island is probably full of strange people like you. We will probably see a flash of jets pass us over head then, BOOM! We will be blown-up. The captain sincerely believed what he said. Sweat dripped from his fore-head.
Fortunately, Harry did not bother to investigate the captains abrupt departure. No military air-force came to blast us out of the water nor was there anyone to greet us when we came ashore.
We did not plan to take a hostage, but the captain continued to make things a whole lot easier. My mother and I could not have navigated the ferry and we had no idea how to drive the truck. Though we would have liked to let the captain go, we needed him to drive us to Anderson Lake. It was also a good way to keep an eye on him, otherwise he would just squeal on our plans.
Mom dropped the metal pipe and untied the captain as the ferry strode into shallow water. So, you didn't have a gun after all. The captain realized as he examined us carefully. He took a good long look at me; short, grey skinned, bald and heavily muscled. Fixing his eyes on my mother he studied her as well; tall, strong with an inhuman bone structure. She had dark hair tied back into a pony tail from her accentuated facial features.
 The ropes slipped off the captain and he surprised us, as he attacked my mother. He pounded on her stomach with his fists. I ran to assist her but before I could do anything, my mother reached around and grabbed the captain by the back of his shirt. She lifted him off her. Gastonish was quite taller than the captain, and her long strong arms held him a safe distance away. The captain swung his arms and tried to kick her, but he could not reach her.
Now, now. My mother taunted the captain like he was a child. I could kill you faster with my bare hands than I could with any weapon. Now, slow us down and park this thing on the beach then drive us to Anderson Lake. She tossed him to prove her strength was for real and the captain collapsed to the deck like a rag doll. The captains face flushed to a pale white, and his eyes twitched with fear.
The captain wiped the blood from his nose and stood up awkwardly. He did as she commanded. The ferry slid onto the rugged Canadian shore line. The ramp fell and we drove off on our way to Anderson Lake.
I opened the glove compartment and started pulling things out. Gastonish reached down and plucked a map out of the clutter of junk. She opened it.
We just need to read a few street signs to find our location on the map. I offered.
Thank you, Eddy, but you and I are not familiar with the geology. She turned from me and glared at the captain. Gastonish and I began talking quickly as we tried to figure out our location and the quickest route to our destination.
The captain tightened his lips. He was tired of waiting for us to decide on a route. He pulled over and snatched the map from my mother and studied it. Well, here we are and here is Anderson Lake. It looks like we have a good four or five hour ride ahead of us.
Gastonish cringed her eyes as she studied the map. She pointed at one end of the lake and asked. Is this the only small town of the lake?
No, we have a smaller town at the other end. I added quickly, studying the map closely.
Gastonish remembered great details surrounding the moment when her husband died and the Zandith Crockmior crashed. She passed over a small town when she was being chased from the lake, but how could she know which town it was she passed over? She studied the map further and it looked to me like she was trying to burn holes through it with her stare. She compared the map diagram with the images of her memory. For a volk, a moment remembered is like a moment relived with impeccable detail. She could remember the slight curve of the long narrow lake and what side of the lake the Zandith Crockmior was buried and with all of the visuals came also the heart pounding emotion as well. 
Then Gastonish realized the map did not show the portion of the mountain which slid away and covered over the craft. Still, she had a feeling she knew what side of the lake to find the town.
She pointed at the map and said, Take us here; to Maplesville.
The trip, longer than I expected, allowed me the opportunity to get a few hours sleep. The area was beautiful with its lush thick forests of endless fir, maple, red wood and spruce trees. However, after four hours of non-stop driving over rough dirt roads, the captain was really complaining about his hunger. Gastonish ignored him and was constantly referring to the road map. She had to make absolutely certain the captain would not try to mislead them or try anything which may jeopardize the mission.
We did make one stop where Gastonish and I ate a bunch of leaves from a maple tree. The captain refused to join us.
Once we were in the town, Gastonish threw a cover over my head and told me to sit down on the floor mats. She demanded the captains wallet and found enough cash in it to pay for some gas, some Twinkies and pop. Mom and I could not eat that kind of stuff but the captain was so hungry, he scarfed it all down at once. When we were off again, Gastonish had us driving on a dirt road which led away from the lake. The poorly maintained road, led us high into a mountain. We finally stopped at the end of the road, if you could call it a road. The path we drove was more like a dried up creek. Rocks and huge pot holes made us realize how fortunate we were to have four wheel drive.
The captain turned off the engine and looked at my mother nervously. What are you going to do with me now? His upper lip quivered.
It was a very good question since he was not mentioned as an active participant to the original plan. A smirk embellished on Gastonishs face.
Gastonish looked at the captain and said. I have saved a very special surprise for you.
Beads of sweat dripped from the captains brow. He was obviously frozen with fear. I couldn't blame him, with all of the surprises Gastonish had come up with so far, there was no telling what she was going to do next.
She told the captain to get out of the truck and he did so. When we were all out of the truck, mom told the captain. Run! Don't come back. I don't care where you go or who you tell your story to. Just get out of here.
That sounded just fine to the captain. He turned and ran away back down the washed up road and out of sight. I could barely hear his feet scuffling in the distance, Gastonish turned to me and said. Well, we made it. We won't need this truck anymore so lets leave it here.
Are you sure thats a good idea? I questioned. The keys are still in the ignition.
It is no good to us, Eddy. We can not drive it. She wondered if the captain might try to back track his steps and return to the truck. She reached into the drivers side and tugged at the steering wheel. Finally, she was able to pull so hard, she pulled the steering wheel right off. Now it will be no good to the captain as well.
Well, what about the captain? I considered, Isn't it dangerous to let him go like that?
Even if he was the fastest running human on this world, we will have what we came for and be home sooner than it will take for the sun to fall behind those tall mountains. She pointed through the trees and moved on through the lingering branches. I followed her and sure enough our view opened up to Anderson Lake. It was surrounded by tall steep mountains. I know this place. My mother recognized the area.
Looking across the lake I was mesmerized by the gigantic mountains and beautiful virgin lands. It was a whole new world kept secret from the manipulating hands of humans. Mom, are you sure you shouldn't have a back-up plan? I mean haven't we risked enough on this mission already?
I do have a few plans Eddy, you are just going to have to trust me. Xonox and I have considered many options. None of them consist of going back to the Island if we fail. Thats enough now, lets get going. I felt like she was blinded to all things but the goal, but I did find comfort in knowing she had considered failures.
We turned back into the bushes and I followed mom for quite a distance. She led me to a log home, where my eyes fell upon the cozy nature hide a way, a pure white wolf awoke from a nap on the front porch. Its nose must have tipped it off. The wolf sprung to its feet and began charging at us with a low huffing growl. It charged through low bushes like a wraith, drumming the trail with its paws, kicking up dust in its path. Gastonish stepped back a moment in fear before she glanced down at me. Like a different person all together, Gastonish lifted a large rock over her head. The rock was bigger than me. She threw it at the charging wolf. I was certain the wolf was going to be squished, but the rock landed in the wolfs path. The heavy impact pounded the ground like a small tremor. The wolf, slightly surprised, jumped over the rock as the rock split in two on impact. The wolf jumped at Gastonish and threw her backwards to the ground and the wolf stumbled. I watched as the wolf quickly came back up on its feet and turned on me. its white teeth, long and sharp, grinning through the nasty snarl. Red eyes set on its kill, the wolf lunged at me. Its powerful jaws locked onto my forearm. The wolf jerked its head from side to side in an attempt to tear me apart. Some hands appeared and grabbed the wolf around its neck from behind. The jaws released with a high pitch squeal and a crack as its neck snapped, and the wolf went limp.
The door to the log cabin flew open violently and an elderly man came out with a rifle in hand, shouting. Trespassers! What have you done to my dog?!
A shot was fired at us and a tree nearby took the shot. Gastonish grabbed me and placed me behind a large boulder. Do as I say, all right? Stay here! Whatever you do, don't move from this spot. She turned from me and vanished into the woods.
She left me and I never felt more alone. My mind was racing and my arm was sore. I had visions of the wolf coming back to life and chewing at my neck. I jerked when I heard the sound of a snapping twig. A scuffle of dancing bushes caught my attention before I saw the crazy old guy with a gun approaching. I held my breath and tried to stay perfectly still. The sound of his heavy hiking boots were certainly not like the sound of my mothers footsteps. He came closer and closer. My heart was pounding like it was about to explode right out of my chest. The foot steps were louder than ever. He was so close. Tears streamed down my cheeks The foot steps stopped.
I heard the rifle clatter to the ground and the elderly man began to sob. How could they do this to you. Those trespassers. I'll kill'em! The man picked up his rifle and I turned my head in the general direction. I saw the barrel of the rifle linger around the side of the rock.
Hey! Over here! I heard my mothers voice.
She snuck around to the water well. She flipped the plywood cover off and jumped in. What? What do you think youre doing? The man yelled and ran toward the well.
As he ran away, I peeked over the rock. While Gastonish was at the bottom of the well, she unwrapped her circuitry designed suit case from the old blanket. The water came up just above her waist. She held the case up and Xonox flew out of her ear and into the case. The case came apart and fixed itself onto the body of Gastonish. 
The man had just arrived at the well when Gastonish jumped out of it. The suit allowed her to float separately from the earths gravity. With her arms out at her sides, and her body glowing bright pink, the man stumbled backwards and fell to the ground.
Gastonish used the power of her suit to enhance her ability to fall to the ground but land gently. She was at the stunned old man before he could lift his rifle. She took the rifle from him and threw it far off into the woods. She held the man down at his chest by the heel of her foot. He was terrified. 
Gastonish peered down at the old man with authority burning in her eyes, Leave us! I did not come here for you! She released the man and he rolled over and stood up. His eyes were wide with fear and he kept glancing back and forth from Gastonish to the cabin again and again as he ran to the cabin. He ran inside and slammed the door.

Gastonish came around the rock to find me shivering and scared. When she picked me up, I hugged her. I hugged Gastonish a little too tight and she complained. She was like my guardian angel.
Between her and I was a pink glowing disk. Without putting me down, she reached between us and pulled it away. Using both hands, she opened the disk and changed its shape. 
She held onto the strange device which she straddled like a bicycle and I held onto her. From the window of the cabin, the old man stared out at us with wide eyes of amazement. The sight he beheld of us rising up to the height of the tree tops did not even seem real to the man. 
     The energy bubble appeared with a sound like an electrical hiccup. The pink bubble took us down the mountain, over and across the small town and tree-tops and further out over Anderson Lake to a small pile of rocks which marked the burial sight of the Zandith Crockmior L/X.
Below us at the shore of the steep rubble and rocks was evidence of the militarys abandoned attempts to salvage the craft. Amongst some machinery parts was a small warf which did not look safe enough to support anyones weight. I wondered how Gastonish felt we could do any better. The steep, rocky shore-line was made up of boulders which did not seem so large from a distance but when we were standing on top of them they measured equal to vehicles from cars to buses. I climbed down the rocks and made it to the shore. Gastonish still had to get down one more boulder. I went to her so I could assist her, but I was too short. Her foot slipped on the smooth surface and disappeared behind the boulder. As Gastonish fell toward me, I caught her by the waist. She freed her foot and I dragged my mother onto the level surface of a great stone. From behind Gastonish, followed a cloud of wasps.
Xonox, attack! Gastonish commanded.
Instantly, Xonox joined the swarm, beating tiny multi colored stars into bee after bee. The shots were beautiful and the sounds of them were no less wondrous. Like rippling sounds of chimes without an initial striking tone. Somehow the bees knew my mom stepped on their hive because none of the bees were aggressive toward me, they were only after my mother. I noticed the more Xonox fought, the more bees would appear.
Evon, assist Xonox! I said, not knowing if it would work or not. Evon was like the heavy artillery with twice the repulsars and twice the speed. It was hard to describe the feeling of your sertz darting out of your head and joining the battle. Though strange, there was a rewarding feeling or connection I felt with Evon.
The sertz are certainly not from this world. It was as though they were loaded with unlimited ammunition of the stars. Quickly, the bees knew the real threat was the two sertz, and they left Gastonish alone. She crawled over to me and held me while we watched the two sertz exterminate the bees in the dazzling brilliance of air attacks on a much smaller level.
They're dropping like flies! I said jokingly. Gastonish smiled but she didn't really catch the joke. When the scrimmage was over, I ran to Evon where I thanked and congratulated it. I was so amazed at the little thing. The sight of the bright stars shooting out of it was a sight I would not easily forget.
You don't have to thank your sertz Eddy, Explained Gastonish. They don't have feelings, or at least they're not supposed to. My mother said before she turned and walked toward the shore.
I was going to bury the dead bees but when I took a good look at them, they began splitting inside out. I asked Evon, Evon whats happened to the bees?
THEY'RE BEING PREPARED FOR CONSUMPTION. Replied the little technical being.
Consumption? I questioned as the pieces came together. So that was how mom was able to make the strange meals. I put my hand to my stomach as I considered all of the bugs I must have eaten. I put my hand to my mouth and gagged. Why would she do something so sick? I wondered. The writhing wasps, with their insides turning out sickened me further.
Pulling myself together, I slipped my back-pack off and unzipped it, before I pulled out my wet suit. I would have to ask Gastonish about her strange cravings and eating habits some other time. I started getting changed and found my wet-suit was too small to fit me. I dropped it and discarded it. My flippers were uncomfortably too tight, so I had to do without them as well. I was just growing too fast. My oxygen tank was very small, so I didnt have much compressed air to use.
Remember, Eddy. You've got to bring back artifacts from the ship. Your sertz will show you the way if you ask it. came sound advice from Gastonish once again.
Okay, Ill be right back. The water was particularly cold as I was entered it. Evon, show me the way to the Zandith Crockmior. The little sertz zapped one last wasp before it approached the water. The upper portion of my body slipped into the water next and my stomach was immersed. Whoa! This lake is really cold!
Its a glacier lake, if you jump in real quick, you will adjust a lot faster. She said. I turned and did exactly as she instructed.
Again, Gastonish was right. As I descended underwater everything started getting dark real fast. I focused on the little red lights of Evon guiding my way. The darker it got, the lighter Evon became. Deeper yet, the drop off continued. I ventured further down over the underwater cliff which went blindingly deep into the darkness. Beyond the edge it became very difficult to see, even for me. The pressure of the depth made it really hard for me to keep swimming. I decided to go back up and try again later.
When I reached the surface I took an immense gasp of air. When the water finally got out of my eyes, I looked to the shore, nine meters away and noticed my mother was gone. Two firm hands grabbed my shoulder plates.
Its me, Eddy. The sound of my mothers voice shocked me at first.
What are you doing? Astonished, I inquired as to why and how my mother was above me.
Before I was being pulled through the water, Gastonish said, Lets go. Soon, we were really moving and when she let go, I slid to the beach. Using my legs and arms, I heaved myself onto land to an up right position. Beside me, my mother landed softly on her feet.
I looked up at her and smiled, Thanks. I stuffed a few large rocks into my back pack. The water pressure was too much for me to go any lower, so I needed just a little more weight.
No Eddy! You wont have to go back down for a while, I am going to call for help from some distant friends. The vagueness in Gastonishs tone made me skeptical about the distant friends she referred to.
Oh, no, I said, I hope you don't mean aliens, aliens from another world?
Call them Ornock from now on all right? The proper term for this specific species is Ornock. Gastonish corrected but not in a harsh manner, for she was too distracted by her plan. She began touching her suit of circuitry, mainly on the fore-arms as the suit began to respond with quiet beeps and colorful flashing lights.
How long will it take for the Ornocks to arrive? I asked.
I'm not sure. It could be a matter of minutes, weeks or maybe never. It will depend on how they receive my message. I would have set things up in advance but I needed to get my outfit back first. She motioned to her circuit design suit with her hands and a smile as to suggest, Dont I look great in this?
Mom? I don't think we have time to stand here and wait to see if maybe an alien world, billions of light-years away, will respond to your message.
Mom peered into the star filled sky across the lake. Clouds were beginning to move in and cover over the sliver of moon. She put her hand to the side of her helmet and closed her eyes. The rim of the helmet visor began to glow a bright pink. Im attempting to make contact within our solar system. It is possible we do not need to look for help quite so far away as the Zeta Recticuli star system. Just have to track our moon base origin setting and calibrate it to the destination sequence. 
How far away is Zeta Recticuli? I asked effortlessly as my thoughts were focused on how to bring up the Zandith Crockmior by myself, right now. 
Oh, its only 39 light years away, our neighbor actually. Gastonish sat back on the rocks for a moment and stared up at the evening sky. I looked up as well to study any activity. We saw a shooting star. I pointed to it and looked at Gastonish. She looked back at me and shook her head negatively. Ill let you know when they are coming. Gastonish reassured me. 
I was becoming bored sitting around waiting for something to happen. Mom let out a breath of discouragement and I could tell she was getting frustrated as well. 
She began to press little metallic symbols on one of the circuitry bands of her arm. Each symbol beeped when touched. There, that will do it. I have placed a telepathic message within an energy pod. I just need to prepare it to be sent to Zeta Recticuli. She started taking parts off her suit which were able to change shape. Using the flat surface of a stone which was next to her, she built a small structure from the parts she was able to extract from her suit. An intricate micro-circuitry manifold of her arm began to change shape and she snapped it off and added it to the structure as well. The small parts formed a miniature launching pad with tiny antennas and a rotating solar ring. 
From her helmet, a shaft opened and Xonox came out with a pink glowing ball of energy in tow. The ball of energy was no bigger than the size of a pea. As the sertz towed it from behind, Xonox flew to the launch pad and carefully released its hold from the pink orb of energy. The pink ball of energy remained floating above the miniature assembly. She pressed a button on her helmet. A twang-like sound was heard as a glowing steam was emitted and encircled the pad. The hazy mist swirled slowly at first before it gradually picked up speed. Without any further warning, the tiny glowing orb shot away in a perfect line into the sky. In a flash, the energy orb with the likeness of a message in a bottle passed through the distant in-coming storm clouds and was lost amongst the stars.
I rubbed my eyes and tilted my head back up to the sky for a reply for several minutes, but there was nothing but distant clouds moving in. I felt helpless just sitting around doing nothing. I found myself sitting at the lake side staring toward the stars waiting for the Ornocks to come, but nothing was happening. I felt uncomfortable. We only had a short window of time to accomplish our goal before the human military began to hunt us down. Anxious feelings of helplessness and vulnerability swept over me. I was quickly filled with disbelief that anything would happen at all. Something was really wrong about this situation and I was becoming increasingly impatient.
Mom, how much time do you think we have? I want to use the scuba gear and look for the ship. I might as well do something with my time. Persistently I began to prepare for the water once more.
You don't have to, Eddy. They're coming. Gastonish raised her eyes skyward, hopeful to find a response to her message.
This was too much for me, hearing my mom say the Ornocks were coming. Seeing her dressed in a glowing space-suit made me really want to find out if there really was a ship in the lake. I squeezed my feet into the tight fitting flippers, fit the goggles on my head and strapped the oxygen tank to my back.
Eddy, Gastonish warned. Don't go yet.
I held onto my backpack full of rocks before I turned and started into the lake. It was cold, but I went under anyway. I couldn't stand another minute just waiting around on the shore with my mother, doing nothing.
I went into the water up to my neck before I called my sertz. It was prompt when I called for it. I saw the red lights of his eyes gleam above me and within a second he was offering me his assistance.
I need you to show me where the ship is. I told Evon.
FOLLOW ME, MY LORD.
Lord? I shook my head. It was such a foreign reference for myself. All right. I agreed. I popped the oxygen apparatus into my mouth and settled the tight fitting goggles over my eyes.
Evon quickly plunged underwater. I was impressed by the sertz ability to adapt to water. Rolling under the waters surface head over heels, I was descended with the added weight of the rocks. As I sank like a rock I thought about how a human shouldn't stay in the glacier lake any longer than three minutes or they will begin to suffer from hypothermia. My hands and feet quickly became numb, and the water darkened quickly the deeper I fell, but I didn't mind because the glow of Evons little red eyes were bright enough.
Instantaneously, Evons light went out. The sudden blindness threw my sub-conscious into fear. It was so dark and I was not used to the cold. At one point I believed I ran out of air.
A bright white light slowly engulfed me from above. I feared it was a military helicopter. With fearful thoughts of my mother in danger, I dropped the heavy sack of rocks and turned back, swimming toward the surface, to the light.
The light energy had a mass of solid force to it. I was indirectly held back from swimming in any direction, much less upwards. Bubbles rose up from underneath me. My head felt dizzy as though my body was no longer held by gravity.
I was surprised when something solid came up from underneath me and rammed into my legs. It was hard as rock but had a scaly texture on its surface. I didn't slow it down and it was picking up speed. Unable to swim around it, I was forced to lay flat against the object. I thought it was some strange lake creature or even a whale.
Evon popped up in front of my face as I came closer and closer to the surface of the lake. I couldn't make out what Evon was trying to say but it was fast and rapid, as if it was in a panic. Meanwhile, I was still riding the bizarre object.
BLIPPLE-GLUBBLLE-GLIP-GLUP-BLIP-BLUB-BLOOP. . . Evon spoke with bubbles coming out of its small metal mouth, before it was instantly cut off.
Because of the speed from the object bursting out of the water, I was hurled into the air helplessly. I felt my goggles fly off as the oxygen tank was torn from its straps.
The impact from when I fell back into the water wasn't as powerful as I expected, probably because I was disoriented. It was so cold and I started to panic. Somehow, I made it to the surface and found myself treading water. When the water was finally out of my eyes I looked up at the bright light.
It was blindingly bright and shapelessly blurry at first but when I focused my eyes, and looked beyond the light, I was looking up at an immense flashing form hovering above me. I could hear a sound like muffled thunder pulsating from the gigantic UFO.
A solid blue beam was shining out from the bottom of the menacing alien ship, into the lake. It must have been a tractor beam of sorts because out of the water arose a giant beaten wasp at the end of the powerful beam, the Zandith Crockmior. 
The Zandith Crockmior was hunched over and facing me. With holes all over its head, a large bolder rolled out of one of the eye sockets and splashed heavily back into the lake. The UFO rose slightly because the wasps stinger was so long, it needed more room until the gigantic wasp was completely out of the water.
The shape of the UFO was round and flat with a high tapered edge. The surface of the Ornocks vessel was like red hot metal, with energy flashing across its hull. The entire craft measured four miles wide. Faintly, I heard my mothers voice calling me. When I looked toward the shore, I could see Gastonish waving to me. I also noticed three small beings with her, but it was too dark to make out their actual shape.
Gastonish could see I was confused. She activated her suit to glow from a dim pink to a brilliant bright pinkish purple. Gastonish leaped from the beach and glided through the air to me over the waters surface.
When Gastonish reached me, she slowed down and hovered around behind me. She grabbed my shoulder plates and held tight. Pushing me through the water toward land, Gastonish proved her power and strength but my body was becoming so numb it didn't hurt anymore.
Eddy, Gastonish spoke as she continuously added momentum toward the shore. We're very safe now. The Ornocks agreed to help us.
Mom was pulling me through the water like a speedboat. When she let go, the waves carried me right up onto the rocks. Gastonish landed on the stones in front of me. The ground continuously shook in the tremendous vibration of the UFO. My mother helped me up to my feet. I turned back and let the view of the alien vessel fill my large child-like eyes. There was a power or field around the ship which I could see only as heat waves. 
I felt so numb and out of strength. Gastonish put her arms around me as her suit radiated with warmth. A heat-wave from Gastonishs costume heated my body from the inside. The brilliant ever changing design of my mothers uniform again glowed a very bright pinkish purple. In no time, I was warm and dry.
I looked over Gastonishs shoulder and in the radiant purple light of her uniform, I saw the silhouette of three beings approximately four feet tall. They stood rather steady in the slight tremor of the earth around us. The strange alien beings were identical. They looked at me with huge sinister eyes which sent chills up and down my spines.
They had small chins, and noses in contrast with their big black eyes and foreheads. I could not depict any mouth and they were not wearing any clothes. These beings had the appearance of the typical greys which was popular with most alien abduction stories.
Mom let go of me and turned around so we were both facing the three Ornocks. The one in the middle slowly took a step toward me. He moved like a floating entity or ghost. Every muscle in my body became tight. He raised his long thin hand to my forehead.
Augh-uh--Hey! I spat as I jumped back. The alien also jumped back startled.
Mom put her hand on the left side of her helmet and said out loud, This is my son. You are scaring him. Leave him alone! We can communicate more later. At the moment we should find a place to put my craft, deep in the woods, undisturbed, unnoticed, safe and away from humans so we can try to repair it.
The Ornocks moved their heads and made strange humming or buzzing sounds as they consulted each other through telepathy.
Evon translated the telepathy and at first it felt like someone punched me in the head. My brain hurt all over. Evon quickly provided a remedy and the pain simply disappeared. 
Evon explained, THE ORNOCKS HUM AS THEY SEND TELEPATHIC THOUGHT. This method of communication fascinated me. HUMANS AROGANTLY BELIEVE THEIR TECHNOLOGY IS SO ADVANCED, YET THEY CAN NOT GRASP THE CONCEPT OF TELEPATHY. MANY ANIMALS OF EARTH, LIKE BIRDS AND DOGS, COMMUNICATE TELEPATHICALLY JUST AS THE ORNOCKS DO. THEY DO NOT USE AIR-WAVES OR RADIO-WAVES, RATHER THEY USE HIGHLY SENSITIVE FREQUENCEY SOUND-WAVES TO TRANSMIT THOUGHT. AN ANIMALS THOUGHTS ARE NOT BASED ON THE ANALITICAL BUT RATHER THE NATURE OF SURVIVAL.
I was delirious from the first telepathic experience. It was like a window in my mind had been opened and information came flooding in. I had so many questions and there was still so much to be learned. I shared the Ornocks experiences and feelings. In human socializing each person develops a sense of who the person is they are in communication with. Not so with the Ornocks telepathy, for when I shared their thoughts, I became so much closer to them. They were more genuine than humans and, but they were also very powerful arrogant and somewhat dark. They wanted to share their good sides with me but they could not fully keep me from seeing how they were covering for something. As masters of their telepathic skills, I felt very intimidated. 
Still I was quite taken by the experience of the telepathy, I found the mass of new information in my mind was garbled together into a cluster of confusion. I was not prepared to receive so many thoughts at one time. Putting my hand to my head, Evon put the telepathic connection on standby. Gastonish turned to me, bent down and placed her hands on my shoulders.
I shook my head as though coming out of a dream. It was possible I lost a portion of time, but how much I was not sure. I simply had no recollection of what happened in the following few minutes.
My memory quickly picked up though. I don't like telepathy. I told Gastonish quietly over the nervousness of my breath. My mother understood. Still, she figured the encounter would have been different. My mind was at the Ornocks mercy. If, for some reason, they tried any mind tricks on me, I was not aware of it. As far as I could tell, my mind was the same as it was before the experience.
Be sure your sertz has disengaged the link. Gastonish instructed with a frown and I took her advice.
Evon, disengage link. Immediately, Evon had a live connection on standby, but at my command it severed the link and I was free. My thoughts settled to those of my own and only my own. Obviously, telepathy was the fastest form of exchanging information. Breaking up the thoughts of many minds would be a skill I would need to learn at a later time. 
From this brief encounter, I was of the opinion the Ornocks functioned like insects. They were in fact no more intelligent than insects. From the telepathy, I found out their thoughts originated from some other central source. Somewhere on the vessel was the brain behind these creatures. Perhaps the vessel was the brain.
I disrupted an Ornock who was busy working on some strange device. I took the device from the creature and pulled the top shell off it. I dropped it to the floor. As I suspected, the Ornock did not question my actions, nor did it complain. It simply picked up the device and continued to repair it despite the set-back. They appeared to have no capacity for problem solving. I suspected they also did not have any knowledge of the passing of time, or emotion, or even death. They are all males and they are not selfish, rather they are like mindless drones or quite possibly clones.
Gastonish snapped her attention back to the Ornocks. 
Where is your hospitality?! Her mind told them, I am not a specimen for you to study. Gastonish pushed at the Ornocks telepathic integrity and they all took a step back. They were amazed at how powerful Gastonish was.
Little did Gastonish know, the Ornocks became all the more curious with her and her son. They wanted to know how she became so powerful so they could take her secret for themselves.
I will no longer allow any of you to communicate telepathically with my son or myself. Gastonish told them. She knew she could no longer trust them or risk them searching her mind. She had an extra ability the Ornocks were not aware of, she could establish a one way telepathic connection. This way she was able to go into their minds and observe while blocking them from entering her own mind.
Gastonish bent down close to my ear, Eddy, these Ornocks are not like the Vornocks I thought they would be. These creatures are obviously much more aggressive. Their intelligence is far more primitive than I thought.
I hope Vornocks have the ability to think for themselves. I don't believe these creatures can do that. Eddy declared.
Thats it. Gastonish said in agreement, There is a queen aboard this vorogon. 
Is she more intelligent than the humans? Knowing the Ornocks were less intelligent, I had to wonder about the queen.
These creatures range from one extreme to the other. The Queen is a superior mind, while these Ornocks are helpless without her. The humans, on the other hand, have a great potential but their minds need to be set free. Only a small percentage of their total mind function is used at a time. The Ornocks are superior intellectual beings, yet no less the most primitive creatures.
The Ornock crowd around us began to hum and buzz again like a wave of sound. Gastonish rose up with her hands balled up into tight fists. She looked at the Ornocks with a kindled eye of anger. She had enough of them, No. Gastonish spoke out loud, You can not take my vehicle away for research! My son and I need it in order to get home! She paused, Please, repeat what you just said and use verbal communication. No more telepathy. Besides, my son should be able to know what we're talking about. She said sternly.
The Ornocks lifted their masks off their heads and revealed a more organic being underneath. Each one had skin like a human. Some of them were elderly while others were much younger. Even Ornock children were among them who were only a fraction of the size of the adults. There eyes were more like a humans than a volks, only they were larger than a humans. They had small holes for ears, and small noses and small mouths. Their fore-heads looked far too large for their necks and their hands were thinly framed and small with long fingers.
Their space suits or exo-skeletons seemed to be made of a grey seamless leather. One of the three Ornocks stepped forward and spoke to Gastonish, Please... accept my... apology. Said an Extra terrestrial, in a rough raspy voice, We... wish to... study... and repair... your ship... aboard our Vorogon... You are... welcome.
Thank you. replied my mother. 
Mom? I asked with amazement, Did it say, Vorogon?
Yes, Eddy, a Vorogon is that large space craft. It is their other half, but just think of it as their space lab. Gastonish looked at me and noticed I had a blank expression on my face. Like a turtle and its shell. Only an Ornock can leave its shell and its shell will follow.
A space craft. I repeated in awe. I paused for a moment recalling what the alien said. We wish to study and repair your ship aboard our Vorogon. afterwards it said. You are welcome.
Mom, Fright laced throughout each word I spoke. My stomach was seized with realization. They've welcomed us aboard their ship, -- haven't they?... We're not going mom. Please, say we're not going!
I'm not leaving the Zandith Crockmior L/X. Besides, the Ornocks are not going to hurt us. Gastonish told me. She turned to face the mysterious Ornocks. When do we leave? I couldn't believe my ears.
Now Replied an Ornock. I couldn't believe I was about to board a real UFO.
                    
The bottom of the energized craft spiraled open and our damaged Wasp-like ship floated inside. The UFO swallowed the ship and Evon translated a telepathic message which warned us we were next. An arm of blue energy came out from under the vorogon and the force of it grabbed me. I was held by the blue beam just like the one which engulfed the Zandith Crockmior. Two of the Ornocks came up behind us and touched the backs of our heads with a small metal tool of some sort. The tools looked like wands and we were touched from behind, at the base of our skulls. I tried to move but to my surprise I was in a state of paralysis. My stomach became light and full of a butterfly sensation. The next thing I knew, I had risen off the earth. I looked to the Ornocks and my mother. They were tagged by other separate blue beams. Frozen and paralyzed, Gastonish also rose off the ground. Our bodies were immobile and stiffened in a standing position. Under the power of the beam we turned unwillingly, from a vertical to a horizontal position on our backs. We began floating closer and closer to the UFO. The extra-terrestrials floated faster, and quicker passing by us. They were not frozen as we were.
My head was unable to move because of this strange force pulling me to the space craft so I was unable to look in the direction I was headed. I wished I dressed while on shore.
I could feel a great heat being emitted from the craft. I saw the deep opening of the UFO. As I began to enter the darkness within the craft, I could feel my weight returning. My feet touched down on the hard coarse, rippled surface of the room. We were standing inside a musty dark confinement. The interior walls had no geometric shapes. It was as though it was created out of some dark organic bones. Filling most of the room, the Zandith Crockmior rested on its side. All around the Zandith Crockmior stood sixty-four short alien Ornocks. The air smelled stale, musty and damp. More pungent of an odour was the strong presence of o-zone and sulphur. I thought it was the smell of the Zandith Crockmior at first, but I soon realized it was the vorogon. Next, a couple of Ornocks approached us. They walked strangely, hunched over as if they were walking on their toes. I looked down and noticed their feet were like those of a baby calf. Their shoes were like a tight black thin rubber. Many Ornocks were looking at me strangely, softly and quietly, they hummed. Evon informed me, they wanted to get inside my head. I did not like the initial experience of their telepathy, but I knew what to expect from then on. With a deep breath I decided to challenge their telepathy again.
Evon re-establish the link. I said, Make it a one-way link so I can understand what they are saying. I don't want them crawling around in my brain. I was unwillingly locked into eye contact with one of the Ornocks. My head started feeling light as if it was full of helium.
Before I knew it, images or information entered my head. I was communicating by receiving. Pure information about things I was not familiar with flooded my mind. At once, I realized how Ornocks were travelers seeking knowledge. Only one thing mattered to the Ornocks, which was to serve their queen. The desires of the Queen was also their desires. They found freedom, peace and tranquility in the bondage to a queen. Right and wrong were not an issue; they only embraced the will to observe. They thought of themselves as strong and judgemental with extraordinary mental strength, providing it would all serve the queen in the end. They found joy in knowledge as though they were using knowledge to complete a great puzzle. Their thought patterns were so strangely strategic they were beyond my age of mental capacity. I found they were interested in knowing my lifes story. They already found out my life was full of examinations performed by the humans of this world. The Ornocks' curiosity was peeked with an interest in what the results of the tests were, but I would not let them know such information. I found, through the two way telepathic link, the Ornocks were able to rummage through each others thoughts.
	As my mind went deeper into the Ornocks thoughts, I realized they had been coming to earth for thousands of years. Ornocks and humans have had contact for a long time. Mediators have been made between governments. Negotiations had been attempted in a competitive race to find out which government can possess the alien technology first. With all dealings concerning Ornocks, they requested everything be kept Top Secret. 
	They have taken an earthling out of the world at random, added thoughts to his or her mind and performed thorough examinations. They have even taken a human to their home world and shown them many great things. They wiped out their experiences with a single thought and placed them back at a point where they were before the encounter. The abductee would feel like they had snapped out of a daze with no recollection of their experiences with the Ornocks. Many encounters were made between the Ornocks and humans, but with each encounter, the Ornocks have tried to wipe the experience from the humans mind. These mind wipes were not always performed perfectly, thus people speak of strange alien abductions but no one took them seriously since they are never able to remember everything accurately. Humans were like creatures under study to them. They regarded humans as important yet inferior and primitive. In a progressive system, they are revealing technologies to humans little by little. Most humans are not aware of it, but Ornocks are shaping earth to become like their own home world.
	I began to see images of there own beloved world. It was a clean world and well organized. There were no mountains. Bodies of water were separated into perfectly round circles. Large cities covered a lot of area and the sky was full of space crafts and flashing lights. Just as I was becoming interested in more details of their world, the dream-like telepathic connection sped up. Thoughts flashed through my mind as I was also aware how Ornocks, humans and volks were not the only intelligent living creatures in the galaxy. Before I could learn more I became aware of a closer contact to the superior mind. The leader of the UFO The Queen.

We must analyze him! the thought was like a command for the others to follow.
Disengage link! I told Evon. My mind broke off from the Ornocks. When they realized this, they zapped the back of my head again. I was again paralyzed.
A heaviness of dread shook us as the perplexing weight we bore crowded in on us from all sides. Our demise was being decided for us. I always assumed a volk could never relinquish all power and authority over to another, but in this instance, it did seem as though all hope was lost. You!!! Said the Ornock. Gastonish... we must capitalize a pod with you... first...
No. Replied my mother. She whispered with a rapid speech which was something like, Xonox, priority over-ride, Thrustle-T authorization active immediately.
Two Ornocks took hold of me by my arms and directed me away from the cargo hold to a separate location within the vorogon. A portal constricted before it opened up to a corridor which led us to a new area of dark pods. Scales covered the top and bottoms with a balloon shaped membrane between.
The thoughts of the Ornock Queen came into our minds hypnotically. With sounds of cracking and stretching, the floor around Gastonish rose and formed into a tub-like bed. Dark bones and scales of the space craft pushed up into a new shape by muscle and joints with which for her to lay. Be comfortable and at peace, and open your mind to me. Rest your mind into a dream state where I can do your thinking for you...
As Gastonish began to let the Queen wonder through her mind, she noticed a thick, milky white goo sluggishly oozed up and filled the inner walls of the organic bed. It made its way over her entire body. When the milky liquid had covered all of Gastonish with only her face remaining, the liquid began to harden. It pressed in at her from all sides.
As a habit of volk nature at rest, Gastonish began to organize her thoughts and piece together options she let slip past her, along with options still at hand. A voice cut through her mind. The voice of the Queen.
You test me... Though any effort to do so... will spell certain death for you... The Queen was able to understand the mind of Gastonish was far more advanced than her own. She began to take offense to this because the Ornocks were a proud and arrogant race. Our minds are one... no more secrets... Surrender... The Queens power and influence grew.
Gastonish did not back away from the Queens mind of ominous presence. Even in her helpless and uncomfortable situation my mother had a plan. On a subconscious level, she was able to steer the Queen around in her thoughts. This was the first step of a modern telepathic boomerang technique which had not been developed for millions of years. Gastonish knew all to well the workings of an Ornocks mind, their speed of thinking and telepathic interweaving of thought. A Volk mind was like a super up-grade in comparison to the Ornock Queens.
First, the Queen saw how daily-life was carried out in the future. Next the Queen saw the differences between Ornocks of now and the Vornocks of twenty six million years from now.
The Queen did not mix her findings with emotion nor did she have time to look deep into any one thought. All information was being compacted into short simple visions which could be opened up later and analyzed closer in her own mind.

Meanwhile, I was escorted to a pod, in the same room where I was to be kept as their prisoner. Here I saw thousands of other pods and I found they could serve more than one purpose. They were used as eggs to grow more Ornocks along with food storage chambers and medical rehabilitation units.
They placed my stiffened body on the black scales, which was like a pedestal. They stretched a tubular membrane down over me, which covered me. A strange air was pumped in which smelled like o-zone. This air, or gas, filled out the membrane like a balloon. It was cold and the gas began to suffocate me as it was thick like a fog. A knock was sounded from out side my pod. 
We were at their mercy... 

When the Ornocks returned, I could see their shadowy figures outside the membrane curtain. They held an assortment of complex surgical instruments. If I had control over my body, I would have screamed out in fear. The surgical procedure was about to begin. The over all extremities of the situation had forced me to struggle against the odds. Evon burned a hole through the membrane and entered my ear. It assisted me by releasing me from my paralysis.
I reached out and grabbed a hold of the membrane which surrounded me. I ripped the translucent skin apart, before I jumped out. A cold fog bellowed out of the torn pod with me. I looked at each of the Ornocks who began to throw the sharp instruments at me. I ducked and rolled to the side before I caught one of the objects out of the air and sent it back to the Ornock who threw it. The Ornock caught the object right in the center of its fore-head. With its dry small voice it let out a long dry breath. I took a defensive step back in preparation for the reprocautions of my actions, however, the other Ornocks did not show any signs of fear, anger or any other kind of emotion. They simply pulled the object out of their fallen comrad's head and placed the dead body into a new pod. The dead crew members were immediately used as food to be digested for the space craft. 
I realized Gastonish was also awake and mobile from her paralysis. She broke out of the white cement-like goo which hardened around her. Gastonish rose out of the strange bed and grabbed the last two Ornocks where she pulled the Ornocks together and their heads collided, they collapsed like puppets who had their strings snipped. 

Gastonish was not finished. She wanted to go after the puppet master. As Gastonish started to make her way to the Queen, a portal sprung open and a crowd of angry Ornocks came rushing into the room. As the Ornocks began to attack Gastonish, she screamed. The Ornocks near me turned to face me with evil in their eyes. They swung at once and punched me under my jaw. I was thrown backwards against the bony wall of the craft. I slumped to the ground and saw the creatures were running along the floor, walls and ceiling toward me, They were going to attack me again. Beyond the forming swarm, I could see Gastonish punching and kicking at the Ornocks as they ganged up on her in numbers, but there were so many of them and they were so fast and strong.
Evon began to spin around me. I felt like an atom. As the Ornocks came too close, my little sertz would zap them with a bright spark of power. I stood up and looked at the Ornocks past the wall of my little protector. I looked over to Gastonish, and Xonox was providing the same kind of protection for her as well.
One of the Ornocks reached out and grabbed hold of Evon, but Evon, within the grip of the Ornock, zapped its hand and it released my sertz with a flash of light and pain.
While the Ornocks hummed and bobbed their heads about, telepathically they were exchanging information and trying to figure out how to take control of one of us, I looked over to Gastonish and noticed she was looking out, over the heads of the Ornocks, at me.
When Gastonish noticed I was looking at her, Xonox flew into her ear. Gastonish quickly grabbed the nearest Ornock and used it to swing at the others. She knocked them away and they began to keep their distance from her. Knowing what she was doing, Gastonish did not mean to kill them, she simply wanted to make it clear that she was in charge, not them.
The Ornocks who surrounded me turned their heads to Gastonish. She began to move toward them as she continued to beat them with the frail framed Ornock. My hero, my mother, who would have guessed, and I too had enough of these vile creatures. Hating them was easy. While the Ornocks near me were distracted, I called Evon to my ear. At the moment he entered I began throwing punches. The Ornocks were truly fast and their skinny limbs could really pack a powerful punch. As one of them swung to punch me, I grabbed its fist before I pulled its whole body toward me. I lifted the Ornock over my head and threw it at some others. I was amused at how they fell down like bowling pins.
I wasnt long before I realized it was a bad idea I was struck from behind, next I was the one hoisted up into the air. They used me as a projectile as I was hurtled toward Gastonish.
Gastonish dropped the Ornock who she was using as a weapon and caught me out of the air. She began to speak to me. She was aware of something she realized from her telepathic connection.
Eddy, these Vornocks have apparently not encountered the Volk species before. Gastonish seemed confused and somewhat surprised. Thats why they are so interested in you. She turned back to face a close, and inquisitive, Ornock. This can not be. How can sixty-four Vornocks from the planet Entall not know about the existence of Volks? Volks have been living among Vornocks on Entall for millions of years. Gastonish became frustrated and raised her voice. Volks have been key players in your history. What is going on around here? Gastonish was not ready to open her mind to the Ornocks yet. For now she wanted to find the Queen. Eddy, come with me.
Pushing the Ornocks aside as though they meant nothing to her, Gastonish was full of confidence and showed no signs of fear, but the Ornocks feared her.
I stepped toward Gastonish and the Ornocks separated allowing me to pass through. I was not sure which one of us posed the greater threat. Gastonish was clearly in charge but I actually wounded one of them with the surgical tool.
Gastonish transmitted her frustration to the Ornocks. They verified her frustration to be truth, or at least, her version of a truth. All who read her mind were amazed at the history they were supposed to have but were not aware of.
Gastonish and I left the room and ran down the corridor. The other open portals of the corridor closed up as we approached them. Gastonishs suit began to glow brightly again and she moved with a boost of energy and speed. She stood in the open portal and held it open for me. The portal was like a great muscle and Gastonish was straining under its strength and pressure as it tried to close up.
I ran as fast as I could, before I dived forward and slid on my belly right between my mothers legs. Gastonish let go and the portal snapped shut. We found ourselves back in the cargo area with the Zandith Crockmior.
With sharp eyes, Gastonish noticed a lone alien was messing around with something in the cock-pit of the Zandith Crockmior. The alien turned, stopped for a moment before it jumped to the floor. She put her hand on her helmet and pronounced. No one is to touch my ship! It is my property! It was amazing how much authority she had over the pale bald beings.
Gastonish turned and made her way to the broken Zandith Crockmior. She climbed up the side of the unit fitting her hands and feet into puncture holes and divots which decorated the hard outer exo-structure of the head. She hoisted herself into the large open hole of the insect eye cock-pit. I felt the floor of the alien craft tilt under my feet and I wondered if we were in motion, perhaps flying through space. Unfortunately I had no references to know for sure.
Eddy! Yelled Gastonish, Quickly, get over here!
I could see the pain in my mothers eyes as she struggled to suppress her feelings. The sight of the damaged insect craft brought back a lot of memories and feelings which reminded her of my fathers death. As I began to walk to my mother, my brain felt as though it was being stretched slightly in all directions. The same slight sensation began to move throughout my entire body. I realized I was experiencing space travel from within the alien vessel. I had the sense we were moving extraordinarily fast, but I did not feel the pressure of a velocity pull.
Gastonish popped her head up and threw me a frizz-bee of some sort. I held up my hands to catch it. It was heavy and hard when it landed in my hands.
What am I supposed to do with this? I shouted as Evon shot out of my ear and quickly flew to my view.
OPEN IT, LORD. My sertz spoke as it flew into a small hole which opened at the center of the disk.
After a quick examination of the disk, I tried to fix a hold at a seam which ran around the outer edge and pry it apart. The Frisbee split in half, like a sea clam. Automatically, one half extended out on a compact pole, at a distance of two feet from the other half. The half-disk turned at the end of the expandable pole and two foot peddles dropped down in the shape of pivoted bird legs.
GET ON, MASTER! Came the voice of Evon from within the bizarre object.
I reached out and grabbed the floating object. I pulled it under me like I would with a bicycle. I sat on the half disk which had the foot pedals extended below, and took hold of the handle grips which were within the other half disk. I placed my feet on the pedals and held onto the handles.
The center of the frontal disk face warmly lit up like a soft blue spot light. A blue bubble of energy formed around me in a sound like --Hickoop!--.
Evon, what do I do? I required an answer immediately.
YOUR FEET CONTROL THE FOOT PEDALS TO MOVE FORWARD OR BACK, FAST OR SLOW. MY LORD, YOUR HANDS CONTROL BASIC NAVIGATION WITH THE TWISTING OF THE CONTROL GRIPS. Evon instructed adequately.
As I applied pressure to the pedals with my bare feet, the hickoop jumped forward with a jerk. Lifting my feet off the pedals, the hickoop quickly came to a complete halt. With my body tense I held myself on the seat so the abrupt stop didnt force me off, but to my surprise, I did not feel the stop at all. The experience was like a dream, because my motion was viewed but the momentum was not felt.
I thrusted the bubble forward at an incredible speed and felt no change in velocity. The bubble vehicle rocketed in a directional heading above the Zandith Crockmior, where it bounced off the wall. My mother ducked away to safety. The blue light of the hickoop played across her face as I passed dangerously close to her. Throughout this rapid event, I did not feel the impact of the collision, nor the quick change in speed or direction. It made an echoing laser beam sound which ended with a crackle of energy. I streamed right through the crowd of on-looking aliens and they scattered. None of the aliens were hit due to their speed and agility. The more I bounced, the faster I went. It was like I was a marble in a pin-ball game. I felt the fear of the aliens around me as they fled desperately to escape me.
Finding only how the incident was accidental, they did not react aggressively. They jumped into small dark holes in the walls which sealed up behind them like the closure of a mouth. The laser sound of bouncing off the walls increased as I went faster and faster until it was very rapid. The light from the blue hickoop lit the confinements.
I could hear crunching noises also as I was causing damage to the aliens dark interior walls of a tubular shaped organic bone structure. Stop this thing, Evon! I shouted through clinched teeth.
The Hickoop made a noise like Hiccup and the energy bubble disappeared. The thin physical frame of the Hickoop was still airborne. All of the Ornocks disappeared. A spooky feeling swept over me like a chilling breeze. Though the Ornocks evacuated, I could feel their eyes upon me. It was like the very walls, ceiling and floor had eyes which invaded my life and observed me. I held on tight to the Hickoop as Evon lowered it to the floor beside my mother and the Zandith Crockmior. I let go of it and landed by my mothers side. The Hickoop folded back up into a disk, before Evon popped out of it and jumped into my ear.
Gastonish was a mix of emotions, she looked at me and tried to say something, but she was too sad. With her finger, she pointed to the cockpit of the still wet wasp vehicle.
Though my equilibrium was not fully stable, I felt an odd sensation as though I just stepped off an elevator. Did the alien craft speed up, or alter course? 
I climbed up the side of a giant wasps head, which didnt look at all like a space craft to me. Making my way through a great hole in the insects eye, I climbed over, and fell into the cockpit. To my shock I realized I was in a stinky decomposed insect skull. The objects we were searching for were right there before me and I was surprised to see the lights of the romstrunn still glowing with power. A strange rubber material was hanging out of it. I could see the bullet holes from the air attack riddled throughout in every direction. My fathers helmet was missing from the area completely.
I searched the cockpit and expected to see dials, buttons, lights or something but there was nothing, just the decaying remains of a fiber-like skin, which was a strange and slimy interior. Everything was aged and dirty but it could have been worse since it had been submerged for five years. The glacier temperatures of the lake preserved the vessel well.
The deep base-like hum of the UFO began to die down. We were stopping.
Gastonish stood up and dried her eyes. A light pierced through the darkness of a tunnel at the far end of the tubular room and three aliens came out. I looked back at mom and she looked back up at me and said. See if you can get your fathers clothes on while I have a chat with our so called friends.
I put the items on and crawled out of the insects head. Gastonish was about to step toward the aliens when she noticed me clumsily walking toward her with a long black rubber-like material glowing blue and dragging behind me. She turned to me and knelt down. I approached my mother with the new get-up. It was typically large, as are any fathers clothes to a child. Mom helped to snap the fore-arm case onto my arm tighter. This is a Romstrunn. She told me. Gastonish opened it and the inside was black, she knew exactly were to touch because the case responded.
The bluish glowing gel which covered the rubber material of the suit was sucked up into the forearm case. Even more amazing was when the black liquid rubber underlay of my fathers suit peeled and slid into the case as well. 
She pressed a two dimensional symbol which appeared in the shiny black sheet as Evon entered the forearm case. Gastonish tried to clean it quickly, brushing it off with her hand, before she opened the case and touched lots of places on the blank glass-like metal inside the case. It made lots of noises like the chirps of a million little insects, before it abruptly stopped.
The black rubbery organic material lashed out and covered my almost naked body, including my bathing suit. The material was comfortably warm. When the blue energy gel covered me, I could feel the power as it moved over the black suit, and it was a fantastic sensation.
I looked back at mom and she was telling me the names of the other items I was wearing, This is a lintin wrist band, She pointed to the small wrist band which reminded me of a ladies watch only it was made out of a pearl-like strand. These are your fathers boots. She pointed to my feet. The heavy boots were extraordinary, they were of a classic space-aged style. White with a blue stripe down the front to the toes, and red wings swooped back on the sides. On each side of the ankles was a knobby smooth round bubble, the bubbles were very solid, like polished chrome. The boots were awkward to wear, however they automatically conformed to my small size. Still the boots were too deep for my knees. This made them bulky and awkward for me to walk. Mom pointed to my fathers blue Hickoop disk which was attached to my stomach. You know what this is? She asked enthusiastically, It is a hickoop like mine.
Before us, three Ornocks stood and they looked like they wanted to talk but they were not saying anything.
Gastonish used her telepathic abilities to persuade the Ornocks to take us to the navigational command bridge. They turned in sequence and led us through a small tunnel. We needed to use our hands and feet to make our way through the tunnel because the gravity of the vorogon was not constant. Not only did the fluctuating gravity hinder our forward motion, but a strange sucking and blowing of the dank air also served to slow us. As we left the spacious area and climbed down a dimly lit organic corridor, we passed about ten Ornocks swim-walking through the fluctuating gravity. They marched passed us awkwardly, one after the other, toward the opposite direction from us. They reacted strangely to us as though they were meeting us unexpectedly. They looked at us like we were a disease amongst them. I just followed close behind my mother. Gastonish was still wound up with frustration; it was obvious because her suit was still quite bright. The tunnel was tightly closed in and long. Mom had to crouch forward because the tunnel was designed for the height of the Ornocks. When we came to the end of the tunnel we gazed upon their navigational quarters. I chill ran through me as it was a spooky lair. Within the compartment of brilliantly busy Ornocks, I felt like the alien. I would need to learn operating procedures before I could fit in with the cognizance, I would be a dangerous obstacle among the busy aliens. I did not dare touch anything for fear of what consequences my presence could have on the vorogons functional capabilities.
Gastonishs suit dimmed to its original pinkish glow. There were ten Ornocks, each was situated around a huge dark mechanism in the middle of the room. Gastonish approached one of the Ornocks in the middle who had no physical occupation. The body of this Ornock was structured differently. It was slightly larger than the others yet it remained petite, almost more feminine than the other smaller Ornocks. It had multiple wires and tubes attached from its back to the floor, ceiling and also the organic machine. The machine had soft yellow control dials in droplet bubble shapes which were the control counsel. Her position left her able to be in control of what the assembled Ornocks were doing at all times. All of their minds had re-established their link through the buzz of telepathy. All conflicting thoughts were sorted by this one Queen Ornock. She was the highest in control, ranking as the head who decided the final word.
Where are you heading? Gastonish forcefully demanded.
Entall... Replied the five foot tall Queen, in a raspy dry voice.
If my thoughts were not clear enough for you, I will make my intentions clearer by other methods. Gastonish breathed her warning of contempt. Take us to the planet Verticus.
Your mind is strong but not strong enough for the entire Zeta Recticuli star system. The Queen was referring to the entire Ornock race. Besides, we don't have... the proper equipment on our Vorogon... to study and repair... your ship.
Gastonish had a perturbed look on her face. Perhaps we should forget the ship, we would be grateful enough if you were to just take us back to our home planet. I have been away for too long, my family must be very worried about us.
What is the name... of your home world? An Ornock asked.
Verticus. Gastonish answered swiftly.
We do not know of a planet... which fits that spoken designation... Where is it?... What does it comprise of?... Describe any unique land masses... or the culture of the creatures living there.
Mom linked her mind with the Ornock. Many others joined the link to observe. An agreement could not be met between the creatures. Each mind was familiar with two separate star charts which were very different. They decided to begin with a planet they both agreed was the same planet. The Zeta Recticuli star system and the planet Entall was the same for both of the creatures but its position and relative systems were not necessarily wrong but the order and other similar details were misplaced. The other observing Ornock minds were studying the differences of the two star charts amongst themselves. They finally came to the conclusion, Gastonish was familiar with a star chart which was still to come. They pointed out Gastonishs star system positions in comparison to the Ornocks understanding of proper star system alignments and found some similarities. Some planets died while new ones were born in comparison to Gastonishs knowledge. With the discovery there may be a link, the Ornocks worked harder to find an answer.
Gastonish... we now have a full understanding... of the star charts.
Wonderful, does this also mean you know where to find Verticus?
The Ornocks telepathically swapped a few more thoughts before answering. We know the location... of your home world.
Good. Gastonish let out a sigh of relief. We need you to take us to our home.
Your home is on the planet... from which you came. The Ornock spoke with an icy cold tone.
Gastonish took a new breath of fear as her eyes grew wide. I don't understand.
Earth is Verticus... and Verticus is the future planet. . . of earth. The Ornocks minds, by nature, starved for knowledge. As Gastonish read the minds of the sixty-four volks of the vorogon, she came to realize the seriousness of the developing situation. You and your son... are strangers to us... You could only be from the future... The Ornocks saw Gastonish had knowledge of things still to come. They also knew I was a being who was not yet known. It was as though their minds were dripping with saliva. They wanted to sink the teeth of their telepathic minds into us with a great passion and hunger. They were not going to let us go easily.
Gastonish opened a telepathic link to me and she began to allow me access to her thoughts. I could see fully, the depth of our situation and Gastonish began to wonder, The Genation nebula and the strange things which happened there. The nebula was responsible for time altercations. Are we still headed toward Entall? Gastonish asked the Queen nervously.
Do not resist us... Or we will be forced to sedate you... We are taking you and your off-spring to our home planet, Entall... We will open the secrets of your minds... to better our kind... and study the remains of this Zandith Crockmior... Gastonish did not realize she revealed the insectular units name. She wondered how much more information the Ornocks extracted from her mind which she was not aware of.
Hidden from sight, within Gastonishs ear, Xonox fought against my mothers will to give the Ornocks any information they wanted in exchange for a solution to return home. With no regard to Xonoxs approval, Gastonish said. Be reasonable. If you take us to the nebula, I can guide you through it to our future. Stay as long as you want and collect as much information as you want. If you still wish to return, do so and deliver the greatest finds ever to the Entall Pexar.
A reasonable offer... but we will still remain on course and take you to Entall... We will take what we want from your thoughts... and the thoughts of your off-spring... After we prepare our kind,.. for the great exploration voyage... to Genation,.. your offer will most likely become effective...
Gastonish lowered her head and gazed at the Ornock with burning eyes. She lifted her hand slowly and touched a small button on her helmet. She was ready to release a telepathic fear which would cause them all to cower before her, but before she did, the Ornock Queen said.
Your directions... will burn a lot of our resources... We are Ornocks... You seem to know all there is to know about us... Do you not know if we are to go... to the center of all existence... we will be entering territory... off limits to our kind? We can take you as near as the nebulas outer solar electrical storm front... but we absolutely can not enter... therein...
Gastonish approached the chief navigator Queen, casually she lifted her hand to her helmet and touched a sensor. A powerful telepathic intrusion overpowered the Queen as Gastonish took control of her mind. She was the only Queen of the craft and Gastonish commanded her to send all of the other Ornocks into the pods like the one they tried to put me into.
Gastonish told me to bind the Queen so I held her wrists behind her back. She was entirely under my mothers control so she didnt even struggle to be free.
Through the Queen, Gastonish was able to take control of the vorogon and change course to a new heading, straight to the Genation nebula. As we veered off, Gastonish found the Queen had brought us dangerously close to her home world of Entall. Gastonish immediately had to adjust our course as we had nearly collided with another vorogon which was at an equally high rate of speed but not as large as our own.
Gastonish would have liked to use her telepathy and negotiate with the Queen, but there was no time for that. Besides, Gastonish hadnt used telepathy for the past five years and it became like a lost art to her. She was pleased to use it again, but these Ornocks handled their telepathic powers like a toy, and they played dirty. They were pealing back layers of our minds and digging up information right under our noses. In the silent secret misconduct of our sub-conscious, a feeling of dread touched my deeper senses.
Mom? I felt the immediate situation was not the time to question such mundane hunches, and wished I could take back my request for my mothers attention.
Yes, Eddy? Gastonish was quick to respond.
Now Id done it. Should I dare let her know of my slight fear for a possible doom? Um, I had this feeling... and well, then it went away. I lowered my head in shame for suggesting such a pathetic problem.
She winced at me, before she tilted her head and shot a wry look at me. After briefly considering what I said, she moved her hand up to her helmet and established another link to my mind. She found the odd sense of danger and briefly studied it. She knew what it was. She took a few extra seconds to examine her own thoughts and found the same subtle method was being used on her mind as-well. Somehow they avoided the control of our sertz and found a back door into our thoughts. Unwillingly, her mind was cycling through memories which were over shadowed by her subconscious.
They are trying to steal our thoughts... Scavengers! She called them out loud. Rather than getting upset Gastonish simply created a telepathic field which blocked all communication. This was like torture for the Ornocks. Their skeptical, analytical minds were left to think on their own and for themselves. This was not so bad for them at first, but in time, their anxiety would rise as though their minds were suffocating. We left the room accompanied by three Ornocks who were under Gastonishs control. The gravity of the vorogon was still fluctuating. We were led through the same tunnel which took us back to the Zandith Crockmior in the cargo hold.
Gastonish... may we...I It corrected itself, Examine the... entity? Asked one of the three Ornocks coarsely, referring to the sertz. Even without their telepathic ability and the captive hold my mother had over them, they still wanted to learn, as though they were in competition to acquire more information than their brethren. Taking advantage of the telepathic breach, this Ornock was trying to gain power in their ranks through having possession of a valuable secret. Above all, an Ornock will continue its quest to consume knowledge. New information was the food for which they strived for to survive.
We will have plenty of time for that. Gastonish said with a discouraged huff.
My mother was satisfied with our speed and course heading. The three Ornocks and I, half floated and walked back to the Zandith Crockmior. When we arrived at the cargo hold, we found the ten aliens, whom we passed earlier, had, in our absence, dismantled the Zandith Crockmior L/X. Though the ten Ornocks were no longer in the cargo hold and were in fact within pods, the damage was substantial. The head, of the Zandith Crockmior, had been separated from the thorax, and the abdomen was floating around freely in the momentary loss of gravity. Broken giant insect legs and a segment of the antenna were held in the hands of the Ornocks who stood around the craft, studying it. Handling the Zandith Crockmior insect parts in their hands, the Ornocks stood up and stared at us with their big, deep, black eyes.
I looked up at my mother. Ill never forget her face and how shocked she was with disbelief. Her eyes carefully examined each severed piece of the Zandith Crockmior L/X. As she did this, her sertz, Xonox, entered Gastonishs helmet.
My first thought was, Now what are we going to do? It was terrible to see the craft dismantled as it was. The Zandith Crockmior was the symbol of hope for the return home for my mother and I. That hope seemed suddenly lost.
But Gastonish was very casual about the whole thing and said. I would think this was a very stupid under-handed move of treachery on your part, but thanks to the use of this vorogon, I won't be needing this Zandith Crockmior. She turned, disregarding the insect vehicle with a wave of her hand.
Mom! I called pointing to the Zandith Crockmior.
 As Gastonish turned to see what I was pointing at, she saw how one of the Ornocks had climbed up onto the immense and damaged abdomen which now slowly turned as it floated weightlessly at the center of the large compartment. As it turned, the Ornock came into view from the other side. It straddled the abdomen as though it were riding it. The Ornock reached into an opening of the Abdomen and pulled out a single white slimy Larva. The larva was cocooned in a transparent capsule with a small monitor attached to the side of it.
Consider that a gift to reward you for taking us home. Gastonish spoke out loud and telepathically to the Ornocks and why not? We would have no need of it as long as the vorogon could get us home.
On route to the Genation nebula, I was aware we were passing through a great distance but the only way we could have reached our destination so quickly was if we traveled faster than light, much faster. That was impossible... wasn't it? A few seconds after we reached the Genation sector of space, the dark bones and scaly wall parts converged slightly before they moved apart. The opening of the wall sounded like the rubbing of wet rubber with a rapid muffled snapping, relative to giant cracking knuckles, as the bones and scales moved together. Standing in the newly formed hatch-way was an Ornock. We are nearing... the Genation sector... The center of all existence... The Ornock reported.
We followed the Ornock back to the navigational quarters. There we saw the image of the Genation nebula. It was a huge twin nebula, with two separate beams of light which shot through the bright glow at each nebula center. A purple hazy ribbon of light wrapped around the twins.
I need to open my thoughts to my crew now... We need you to shut down the telepathic block. The Queen chief navigator was unnaturally nervous. She began to struggle to be free, but I held her back. As Gastonish continued to fly the vorogon toward Genation, the Queen continued to fight with quick snap like movements. What could be bothering her so much? I wondered.
Gastonish, in a reality all her own, shut out the world around her as she recalled memories of her first encounter with the Genation nebula.
Organic cords released from the back of the chief navigator Queen. She raised her voice. Creature!!! Shut down the telepathic block... now!
Mom! I shook her arm and she responded.
She reached up and tapped the side of her helmet. This will silence her. She said. Gastonish did something to the Queens mind causing her to be sedated.
Mentally, Gastonish was incredibly stretched. She had to maintain the telepathic block to all of the Ornocks and navigate the vorogon, while keeping a link open to me. 
We flew through the invisible barrier which surrounded the entire expanse of Genation. It was like passing through a short but wickedly powerful storm. The Ornocks were awake and screaming. They screamed telepathically and physically. The sound was so high pitch and loud, I had to release the Queen to cover my ears. The Queen was no longer sedated. She jumped up and struck Gastonish across the head. The blow caused Gastonish to be thrown back against a wall where she popped one of the little yellow, bubble shaped monitors.
Her helmet was damaged and dark ruby blood came down over her eye and stretched down across her cheek. The telepathic powers of Gastonish ceased.
Mom! I shouted, but my words were drowned out by the unceasing screaming in my mind. I ran to her and lifted her helmet off her head. Her eyes opened as Xonox flew in to examine and tend to the cut. Gastonishs eyes tightened with anger as she pushed herself up from the floor. 
The image from the main bubble view screen depicted a red glowing cloud forming out from the red nebula swirl. It began approaching the vorogon as though ready to attack. The Queen took a particular offense to the image as though it was far more threatening than Gastonish.
The organic cords lifted behind the Queen and wiggled about like the heads of snakes before they plugged themselves back into the sockets of the Queens body. She was again in control and immediately turned the vorogon around and flew out of the Genation border. Again they passed through the storm and the vorogon shook with a thunder. The alien craft was tossed out and rolled rim over rim. The Queen stabilized the craft, before she turned her attention to us and took a few steps in our direction as she said. We informed you. You knew the consequences of bringing us to this sector. Certain sectors are off limits to our kind... This is one of them...
I understand you are forbidden to enter certain sectors for religious reasons, or whatever, but I assure you this will serve a greater cause. Gastonish implied whole heartedly. We just need to rush in at full speed. Trust me.
You do not understand. There is a life-force in there which will destroy us. The Queen Ornock glanced back at the image of the Genation nebula. Apparently, the red glowing cloud was not able to pass through the barrier. The Queen returned her gaze to my mother and spoke verbally. Destroy us or let us go,.. but you will not see any of us,.. nor this vorogon... enter that nebula again!!!
Gastonish tapped her helmet and tried to re-establish her telepathic power over the Ornocks but her helmet had been damaged. She removed her helmet and lowered it to her side where it changed its shape and combined as a breast plate of her intricate suite. The walls began to shift as portals cracked and opened all around us. The Ornocks who were held captive in the pods were free and they surrounded us with a wicked anger.
The Queen smiled just before mom and I found our selves paralyzed in a strong telepathic hold. Evon flew into my ear and Xonox flew into Gastonishs ear. The telepathic connection was broken. Gastonish and I stood up. The Queen looked at us, surprised.
Without the use of her helmet, Gastonish was not quite so capable of multi telepathic tasks, but with the abilities of our sertz we were still able to protect ourselves.
Gastonish held the Queen in her telepathic grasp. With a convincing suggestion, Gastonish ordered the Queen to take the vorogon back into Genation. 
The Queen did so, and the screaming Ornocks returned again.
Aghrrr! I yelled as the telepathic screaming aliens caused great pain to my mind, Make them stop! I noticed mom was working through the painful scream and studying what it was that affected the Ornocks so intensely. Xonox relayed the telepathic agony of the Ornocks to Gastonish, and she found there truly was some kind of strange, telepathic pain, like pure evil, and it was specifically coming from the red Genation swirl. 
Gastonish considered this for a moment, before she directed the Queen to fly the vorogon toward the blue swirl of Genation, because it was the blue swirl which was the one that brought her to this time so it was likely this same nebula which would take her back.
The enunamic fields around the vorogon doubled in size and the speed climbed, until a foreign telepathy disrupted everything. A telepathic thought interfered with Gastonishs control. It was the most powerful and purest telepathy she ever encountered.
With no resonating humming or buzzing sound to support the new telepathy, Gastonish found the Queen and all of the Ornocks were dazed by it. Evon cut me off from the link to protect me, but the telepathy was too powerful. Evon could not fully protect me from it. We were all paralyzed as our minds were opened up to a realization. It was like we were all able to see through the eyes of the creatures who were affecting us.
They were giant creatures who piloted golden vessels which were shaped like arrow heads and they were larger than the vorogon. They came from within the purple energy ribbon, from a partially built space station. These creatures were not from Genation at all, but they had been called to this place and they were here to study and unlock the secrets within it and support the blue swirl.
They approached the vorogon and sent a powerful message to us all. 
This nebula is off limits to you all. The power and danger is in equivalent! Leave here or die! The message came with a heart pounding sense of overwhelming fear.
The Queen of the vorogon turned the saucer shaped craft around and with incredible speed, it moved away from Genation and the golden space crafts. They headed out through the invisible barrier, in which, again tossed the vorogon violently but this time the weakened vorogon was not prepared for the violent forces of the barrier. This time the vorogon was so violently shaken, it split apart into separate, smaller vorogons. All of the saucer shaped crafts slowed to a complete stop at the same time and drew in to one another as they again became one large vorogon. Within the vorogon, disorientation coupled with the great fear of the occupants. The vorogon remained stationary as the occupants began to pull themselves together.

Jupacious smiled and snapped his fingers. Eddy stopped telling his story for a moment to hear what he had to say, I am sorry, Eddy. I dont mean to interrupt you. Jupacious said bashfully. I remember when this craft came into Genation. I was the one who ordered the message of fear. He stared at Eddy for a moment, If I had known you and your mother were aboard, I wouldnt have scared you away.
We hadnt dreamed anyone like you could have been anywhere nearby. How long have you been here anyway? Eddy asked curiously.
Jupacious quickly responded, I have been here a long time in your sense of time, and a short time in the actual movement of time. I, like yourselves, thought I was the only volk who existed. He eased back into the Morguldean chair and relaxed, As I said, I didnt mean to interrupt you. I have a perspective and a story of my own you know.
Eddy was pleased to hear Jupacious was going to share his story after Eddy was finished fore-telling his own.

Eddy settled back and allowed Evon to continue sending the information. Everyone was face down on the floor and breathing heavy. I was next to my mother and she had her arm around me securely. Mom. I whispered to her, We may have to kill the Ornocks and steal their space ship if we want to get out of this and get home to Verticus where we belong.
No, Eddy. Gastonish replied, The Ornocks are connected to this vessel. If we kill them, we will also kill the vorogon, but you are right. We will get home to Verticus where we belong. Gastonish sat up and shot a look at the Queen Ornock.
The Queen noticed this but it was too late, Gastonish sent a telepathic constraint upon her. She told her hypnotically, You will wait for us to go to the cargo area and then you will allow us to leave this vorogon and you will not leave until you have witnessed us fly into the blue swirl of Genation.
Gastonish stood up and helped me to my feet. Come on Eddy, lets go. Gastonish took me by the hand and headed toward the wall of solid black bones. Before we could touch the wall at arms reach, it contracted before it opened up to a corridor. Within the tight concealment of the corridor, the opening to the navigational quarters closed up behind us. In a brief moment of silence, I stopped to notice the constant sound of air being inhaled and exhaled, the breeze was warm and moist. Gastonish turned to me and quietly said, Eddy, we are in big trouble. Gastonish pulled her hickoop from her belly and began to unfold it. Quickly Eddy, get your hickoop ready as well. Speaking with fierce desperation Gastonish readied her hickoop. Follow me closely. She straddled her hickoop and the bubble of energy encased her.
--Hiccup!--
I hopped onto the seat of my hickoop and Evon immediately started the bubble of energy around me as well.
--Hiccup!--
Evon, fly this thing for me, then lock onto my mothers co-ordinance and follow her.
AS ORDERED, MY LORD. Responded Evon.
Gastonish approached the closed portal of the cargo area. The wall would not open for Gastonish so she moved forward until the energy field of her hickoop touched the portal wall. With the shock of the hickoops bubble of energy, the Queen and all of the other Ornocks felt the pain of the electrical burn. The wall immediately opened and my mother and I entered a separate chamber. Don't try to turn off the energy bubble of your hickoop, Eddy, because in the vacuum of space we will only have the air which we go in there with. If you do turn off your energy bubble, you will die. 
When all of the air had been sucked from the room, the portal opened before us and we were free to move our hickoops out into space. Mom headed for the nebula with me following close behind.
The vorogon behind us did not pursue. They just watched us from a distance to see if we could in fact disappear from time.
Encompassing our journey to the Genation nebula, we first had to get through the frontier which was the wicked storm of solar winds. We came in fast and strong but the field perimeter was so powerful, we had lost all control of the Hickoops. The power of the solar electrical storm knocked our simple hickoops apart from one another. I was unable to follow Gastonish and the effects were always the same. We were pushed away from the nebula within. We feared for our lives when bolts of unseen electrical impulses sizzled against our energy hickoops. The bursts of conflicting energy threatened to cause our protective hickoops to lose all power. The danger of such a threat would surely kill us both. Gastonish moved away from the nebula and I naturally followed.
Our Hickoops were too fragile for the expanse of solar electricity. I am sorry, Eddy. We have to try to return to the vorogon. Our hickoops have been weakened from the electrical surges and we are not able to make the journey to Genation even if this firmament of solar electricity did not exist.
As we neared the vorogon, Gastonish spoke to the Queen. Apparently their telepathic conversation lacked apologies, but the two females did come to a mutual understanding. Once again, the blue light of the alien tractor beam directed us into the vorogon. When we were sealed in, and air filled around us, we lowered our hickoops, turned off the energy bubbles and folded up our hickoops into their compact disk shapes.
The Queen, herself, opened a tunnel to us and led us back to the cargo hold where the damaged Zandith Crockmior parts were being sorted and stored in pods. 
Without reading her thoughts, it was obvious the Queen felt full of herself at the sight of my mother and I returning to the vorogon. She crossed her arms slow and gracefully, slightly nodding her head but never leaving eye contact with us. Her long fingers rested over her elbows and strummed. We had run out of options. I trust... you will be more co-operative for the rest of our journey?... The Queen relished in our failure.
Gastonish exhaled heavily as she lowered her head in contempt. With a nod from the Queen, two Ornocks approached us from behind and restrained our wrists at our backs. Once we were securely restrained, the pair of Ornocks were summoned to stand before us.
The Queen stood with her weight resting on her left leg. Though her face was void of any expression, her stance was of a smug Queen who knew she was going to get what she wanted. As a human woman casually examines the quality of her finger nails, the Queen examined an arm socket used for connecting herself with her massive vorogon.
The vorogon re-established its high velocity travel on its original heading no doubt, Entall.

Chapter 6

The Queen Ornock was stepping into unfamiliar territory as she roamed Gastonishs mind. Gastonish reflected on her knowledge of two thousand years of Ornock progress in the most subtle fashion as she continued to sub-consciously help the Queen to understand the errors of her ways. The Queen may unintentionally destroy or severely alter the future, but if Gastonish could convincingly share her perspective and devotion on an emotional level, maybe they could see through their conflictions and begin to work together as allies, toward a mutual compromise.
The Queen immediately took the bait. Like a dry sponge she wanted to absorb any and all memories concerning her home planet of Entall. Gastonish revealed the respect she had for the Ornocks of the future. Along with how volks and Ornocks complement each others species in their combined efforts to better themselves and survive. The Queen was over-whelmed by what she was learning. She did not fathom the friendships Gastonish valued with a highly advanced form of her own Ornock race.
The eyes of the Ornock Queen were opened, and a new respect for Gastonish was realized. Gastonish was not the enemy. With the Queens mind intrigued and open to other memories Gastonish would soon reveal, Gastonish continued to raise subtle thoughts from her sub-conscious.
Memories of a future history scrolled past the Queens linked minds eye. Visions of peace and prosperity were made known along with major achievements, all contributing to a higher standard of living even in comparison to the life style of Ornocks.
Incidentally, the Queen lowered her mental guard at the awesome display of future contents before her. Gastonish seized the moment and screamed a thought through her mind. You will not have any of these achievements or any other future accomplishments between our respected races because you put it all in jeopardy by your hand. This future I hold so dear is at stake. Do you really want that?
The Queen hesitated for a moment as she considered Gastonishs emotional cry. Please, help us. Gastonish added with her mental defenses down.
Who is to say your premature existence here has not affected the future already? The Queen thought dryly.
Gastonish was surprised by the thought. All I know is there is still a chance for my son and I to return home, but we cannot do it on our own.
'As you have witnessed during your attempt to cross the distance of Genation with our vorogon, the creatures within will not allow you to pass. They will stop you with the weapons of their golden space crafts.' The Queen explained.
'The threat of these creatures worries me very little. Now that I know to be aware of them, I know to merely use superior speed to avoid them and return home.' Gastonish explained.
The Queen made Gastonish known of her annoyance for the emotional cry which interrupted the scroll of thoughts, before she severed the link between their minds. The Ornocks were amazed and began sending thought patterns back and forth to each other. A few minutes were lost to the group of Ornocks working out their thoughts. After spending a great deal of time consorting her thoughts with her Ornock allies her mind returned to Gastonish. I have come to a conclusion amongst my crew. You are in the most peculiar situation and we would like to apologize for our previous episode of distrust and misconception of mutual thoughts. We wish to help you as much as we can, however it may not be as much help as you are expecting. We do not have a vorogon for you to pilot and no Ornock is capable of entering the Genation nebula. We can take you to any planet of your choice. Though, we would advise you to stay away from Entall. In return all we ask is you do little to harm the course of time, find a solution which will take you home quickly and have no further contacts or dealings with the Ornocks. Our knowledge of the future cannot go with us for the rest of our lifes journey. You, Gastonish, must wipe this entire experience of our encounter from our minds. It is the only way to protect the future. Can you do this? The Queen gave a mental command for the Ornocks to release their hold on Gastonish and I.
I can and I will. You have come to a wise conclusion. Gastonish answered.
Finally, the Queen continued. If your attempt to return home fails, we expect you to take measures to protect the future as well, but a memory wipe would be quite insufficient so no less than death would be adequate. Remember, it is of the greatest importance you do nothing to disrupt the future or have any further contact with the Ornocks of Entall.
Those black eyes, peering into my soul like dark trespassers, they haunted my mind. The eyes of the fifty Ornocks who were among us were like spiders crawling over my body. I wanted desperately to brush them off before they bit me.
We will comply with your instructions. Gastonish rubbed the back of her neck as she looked over the surrounding collage of grey alien bodies. Eddy, Gastonish called. Let me use your Romstrunn. The object attached to my arm opened like a book, it was a super computer with records, information and abilities twenty-six million years ahead of its time.
Gastonish used the Romstrunn to confirm the vorogons course and destination. Xonox assisted her to translate the star chart and relay navigational co-ordinates through the volk-technique known as Lornels direction.
After our two hour enunamic field propulsion of accelerated speeds, through a short-cut through space, I noticed we were slowing to a more casual speed. We came out of our journey and stopped for a few moments outside the suns inner solar system.
The piloting Queen Ornock approached us and asked. Would you... join us... in the guidance pit... to discuss what we shall do... on our short re-entry drop... to Earth-orbit?
Yes, of course, will you escort us? asked Gastonish respectfully.
Follow me... replied the Queen Ornock, with no expression.
We followed her through the familiar dimly lit corridor to the guidance pit. Ornocks were situated in their usual positions around the central monitor. The monitor was shaped like a mushroom. We were weightless as we joined them. My mother and I watched a small yellow glowing bubble intently because through it we began to depict visions of our journey as we re-entered earths solar system.
The tall eloquent Queen hooked herself into an assortment of different organic cords and wires. The organic tentacles found their way to the many sockets on her body. We will... place you anywhere... on Earth... you wish.
Do we also get to place the Zandith Crockmior in any place we choose? Gastonish felt comfortable enough she could reveal any secret of the future with the Queen. A trust had been built, besides it was hard enough to keep secrets from the telepathic Ornocks.
Yes! answered the Ornock. Name... the location.
I want the pieces of my Zandith Crockmior placed under heavy wilderness growth so no one will see it. No, better yet, I want it in a cave. Gastonish said obstinately.
No caves... big enough... or safe enough... Observe solution. The Queen Ornock pointed to the small yellow bubble viewer.
All eyes were fixed onto the giant wall size screen. We gazed upon a static trajectory of stars, when the stars began to span out toward us. A moon or planet came into view and it was earth.
On approach, I noticed the darker side of the earth as the size of a marble, soon a basketball, then a wrecking ball. Next thing I knew, the earth spanned the entire view of the monitor. The land spread out in seconds as we traveled closer yet, until I could make out millions of city lights. We were still nearing earth at an incredible speed. I tightened my grip onto my mothers hand. I saw it, the dark blue, perfectly stilled waters of Anderson Lake.
Above the lake were multiple flashing lights which flew around with great speed. These were other UFOs which were responding to the message Gastonish sent to Entall. Please, ignore the other vorogons said the Queen. The other UFOs were equally as bright as our vorogon with energy flashing off their hulls. Each one moved very fast commencing impossible sharp angles as they flew. They would also stop instantaneously before they would be off at high speeds again. I tried to count them but there were so many of them moving around so fast. I finally figured out there was seven of them and they ranged in many different shapes. Each and every one of them had a pulsating haze of light and power around it like an aura. One shape was of a saucer with a flat bottom and domed top. One was shaped like a flying jelly mold, another was shaped like a top hat, another was like a flashing ball and one of the largest ones looked like a cigar with port holes and lights which ran along the side of it. These ports reminded me of eyes all around them and they glowed brightly with many spectacular colors. Next, I saw movement of the Ornock pilots within.
The Queen quickly slowed the vorogon. We lowered from the sky like the mother ship amongst the smaller space crafts. The Queen of our vessel made contact with the other space crafts and she had to think quickly to come up with some sort of explanation which would cause them to leave. She told them she already investigated the message and it had been taken care of.
The other Ornocks tried to probe the Queens mind from their space crafts. The Queen knew she would not be able to ward the probes off for long. Gastonish, we must have the mind wipe now,.. before our secrets are revealed The Queen pleaded.
U.S. air force fighters streaked past with haste as they wanted to visually identify the UFOs. One of the cigar shaped crafts led the fighter jets away on a wild goose chase while the other UFOs dispersed and vanished into the sky. 
Not now! Gastonish told the Queen, We must hold out until we have unloaded the Zandith Crockmior to the cave.
We all quickly turned our attention back to our observations on the screen. It envisioned the steep rocky mountain sides surrounding a prominent narrow waterfall adjoining a rushing creek. The projection altered to a state of light and dark blue hues. Ghostly blotches of blue circular shapes structured over top of the mountains. I realized I was observing an X-ray of the mountain.
Everything in blue... represents each large solid rock... within the mountain... You may find this representation strange... but it is the most accurate way... for us to see the separation of sediment from solid mass. explained the Ornock. We will find the biggest... and most suitable rock... to hollow out a stable cave for you... and your son to repair your insect vehicle.
We turned to the yellow screens and noticed a beam of light emitted from somewhere under the ship. This light penetrated the steep mountain side. The light was like a great laser and it eased into the rock like a needle into flesh. We saw the biggest blue solid rock with a line scorched into the center of it by the light. When the light stopped, a black metal sphere was immediately launched directly into the center of the mountain through the scorched corridor. While the sphere was in the center, it began to vibrate. Next, it began to move about within the rock, leaving a tunnel behind it. As the sphere made its way hollowing out the inside of the rock, it would jet dust and small rock debris out through the mouth of the new corridor. The plume of fine debris resembled a young volcano letting off a little steam. I watched as a throat-like tunnel was dug connecting to a large empty stomach shaped cave. At the base of the large stomach shaped chamber were twelve separate smaller chambers.
Finally, the Ornocks sent a long thin tentacle into the caves mouth from the vorogon. The tentacle sprayed the interior of the cave to give it a crushed crystal effect to the walls. Later, as the crystals grew, they gave light and stability to the dwelling of the cave.
My mother and I were getting nervous. Though the ornocks were working extremely fast, I could not shake the feeling the air force would intervene if we took any longer.
The sphere finished its work and returned to the vorogon. From the organic amber bubble-like viewing monitor, we could see a great empty cave with pillars through the blue translucent forms of great mountainous rock.
Gastonish spoke to the Queen Ornock, We must leave quickly. No more time for talk. The Queen nodded her consent as she controlled the long tentacle to retract out from the cave. My mother and I had been throughout the halls of the vorogon enough times to know where we were going. We quickly ran through the vorogons dark tunnels before we reached the cargo hold of the dismembered Zandith Crockmior.
An Ornock telepathically told Gastonish of a rock or boulder outside the entrance of the cave. Only my mother or I could move it to open or seal the entrance to our cave because it was touch activated. Our touch to this boulder would also make the crystals glow within the cave. All of this was powered by the force of a waterfall which roared as it dropped from a height of over two hundred feet. The narrow water fall slunk over a flat protruding rock plateau of the mountainside and plummeted through a deep nearby ravine.
The Queen, surrounded by her loyal Ornocks, approached us to pay her final respects... a respect which was mutually and unjustly short lived. No words were spoken and no thoughts were exchanged as though neither Gastonish or the Ornocks wanted to tamper with their delicate final understanding. The Queen caringly tilted her head to one side as she studied Gastonishs expression of emotion. It was time for the mind wipe.
Stepping to the side with her thin legs, the Queen waved one of her Ornocks passed her. The Ornock held a large object the size of a dinosaur egg. When he held it out to us we saw it was the life-boat from the Zandith Crockmior L/X. A synthetic larva encased within a stasis cocoon as signaled by the green light which pulsed near the top. The Ornock handed the object to my mother and Gastonish graciously accepted it first bowing to the Ornock then to the Queen.
The parts and pieces of the once great Zandith Crockmior L/X began to float up from off the floor. The pieces moved through the air and circled around us magically. Shortly after, the bottom of the vorogon opened. At the same moment, my stomach began to feel very light. I was paralyzed once more, but it did not scare me this time. I rose off the floor along side Gastonish before I started to unintentionally lean back, until I was in a comfortable recliner position. My mother, cradling the life-boat in her arms, was immobile as I was, as we floated out of the aperture. I looked up to see where we were headed and I noticed the pieces of the Zandith Crockmior L/X entered the mouth of the cave before us.
The mountain air was cold and damp with a slight breeze, the likes of which were expected from most nights. After returning to earth, I learned not to take such pleasures for granted. I remember the deep breaths of fresh air I took. The moist stale air within the vorogon was like o-zone and uncomfortable to breathe, even for a volk. I had a sense of security when I was brought back to the planet, as though I was back home.
We landed safely on our feet on a level landing area just outside the caves entrance. When we turned to the vorogon, we saw a thin red beam hit the Earth only a meter from where we stood. The beam came from the vorogon and it zigzagged down the mountain. When the beam stopped, a clear trail was the result, complete with switch-backs. 
Gastonish stood up and suddenly I was aware of what she was about to do. She linked her mind to the Queens one last time. Gastonish surprised them all by turning an old trick of theirs against them. Just as they have abducted humans and put them back with no recollection of their alien encounter and experiences, she erased their short term immediate memories and set them in the same situation just before Gastonish sent a mental signal out to them with the use of her sertz, Xonox.
The vorogon became red hot and glowed with waves of energy moving across its surface like fire. Hot red fumes were expelled at random along the outer hull. The ground around us shook in the low humming vibrations of the vorogons power. With tremendous speed it shrunk away into the distance where it became one with the stars.
She turned her head and looked down at me, Well, we may not be home, but we now have a dependable means to get home all on our own.
Will the Ornocks ever return? I wondered.
If I call them they will, but until then they shouldnt bother us. Gastonish reassured me.
I dont ever want to see them again. As an after thought I asked, Shouldnt we be worried the Ornocks might discover these repressed memories? I asked her.
I did not repress anything. That would be their method. No, I erased the entire experience from them all. Her answer was definite. Gastonish inhaled deeply through her nose, taking in the fresh mountain air. She scanned across our view of the lake below and the distant mountains. Eddy, Verticus is Earth. her voice full of wonderment. Gastonish realized Verticus was not quite so far away anymore, before she smiled down at me. I have a new appreciation for this world. I nodded back at her reassuringly, her face hardened and I could see she was concentrating on the work at hand.
My mother and I realized the repairs were going to take much longer than we first planned. After testing the weightlessness of the protective boulder, Gastonish led me into the cave where we saw the disassembled parts of the Zandith Crockmior littered over the floor of the crystal lit cave. Before anything else could be done, we had to find away to properly store and keep the giant insect parts from draining all of its synthetic fluids onto the floor. Together, we structured a system where we allowed a trickling stream of water to fill a low sink hole area. We placed all of the insectular parts into the shallow water. It was crude, but it would keep the Zandith Crockmior from dehydrating.
The sound of running water gently trickling echoed throughout the cave. A small tunnel of water opened up to a stream at the far corner of the caves large belly. With a function which would put an old style water-wheel to shame, the alien design used the motion of the water to keep the protective boulder and glowing crystals active.
Mom, I don't think this is a safe place for us. I am sure we could live in this cave, but we were protected at the Island and the captain of the ferry is on his way to report this area as the last sighting of you and I. If the humans try to find us here, their will be no telling what devices will be used for their search. If they follow the scorched trail or detect the crystals which line these inner walls, we will be discovered for sure.
Gastonish looked at me trying to find a simple answer for me. What do you think we should do about this?
Well, for starters, we could go back to the Island. I suggested with a shrug.
Go back to the Island? They would know we were gone. What good would that do anyway?
I am sure no one realized our disappearance yet. We really haven't been away for a very long time, its only been seven hours. The Knolix Island is still probably sleeping. Besides, it would keep the humans from any attempt at a search. We could use our hickoops and get to the Island in seconds. We will probably have time to spare before the captain of the ferry contacts his superiors and says anything. By the time anyone checks on us we will be in our home waiting to greet them at the door. If we go now, I could try to catch up on some lost sleep... A moment was lost as Gastonish considered. If we go now. I persisted.
I wanted to get busy setting up the larva life-boat of the Zandith Crockmior. Gastonish stated with eager eyes.
The life-boat has a strong stasis hold. I think we should leave now and come back later when we are more prepared. If we don't act now and get back to the Island, we won't have a second chance.
With a nod, she agreed. Using our hickoops we fled the mountain and return to the Island.

The voyage to the Island was as instantaneous as a blur. Xonox and Evon guided our hickoops. They were precise to the decimal point with their navigations. We moved through the atmosphere so our hickoops would blend in amongst the glow of the last remaining specks of morning stars. When we were directly over the Island, we dropped straight down to our home below. Branches of trees and fresh greenery withered and sizzled as our hickoops passed too close, instantly burning them to a dry brown crisp.
At ground level our hickoops popped as the energy bubble went out. We stepped off our hickoop frames and they folded up into their contained disk shape. Our suits were still glowing, so to keep from being discovered, we undressed. Without the light of our gear, I found it was very dark under the thick canopy of the forest. The small white glow of Xonox came out of Gastonish's hickoop disk and naturally entered her ear.
Evon came out of my hickoop immediately after with red glowing eyes. Using supernatural speed, Evon moved through the air and darted into my ear. My mother took me by the hand and led me through the dark. When we were about twenty meters to the door of our home, my mother stopped and said, Give me everything you are holding.
Why? I questioned quietly.
We need to hide them from the humans. She answered in a whisper.
Where will we hide them? Wondering if she had some place clever in mind.
I will take everything out into the woods and bury them out there.
Why can't we just use one of those old wooden crates outside, We can place everything in it and hide it under the porch? I suggested.
Too risky, they might find it when searching the cabin. You go ahead now and get into bed. I will be along soon when I am done.
I gave my arm load of objects to Gastonish. Next, I went in and was careful not to turn on the lights or bump into anything. I made my way to my bedroom where I stayed awake trying to listen for Gastonishs movements in the woods. She was very quiet. Finally, I heard Gastonish approach and enter the cabin and go to bed.
Images of what happened haunted my mind and did not allow me to sleep. Evon, please help me to not worry about Ornocks, Zandith Crockmiors, vorogons, hickoops and such, so I can get a good nights sleep. I felt a new hope for our future. Evon helped to soothe my mind. It was that sense of comfort which lulled me into a deep, deep sleep.

Jolted like some childs doll, I was awakened irritatingly as a soldier slapped me out of my sleep. Wake up! He said. You have some explaining to do!
The slap was more than enough to clear my thoughts as to what was going on. --Interrogation. The captain told his story and the soldiers were ordered to break into our home and prep us for questioning. I was in need of my entire twenty-four hour shut-eye and when I do not receive it I can become rather cranky.
Gastonish and I were treated like criminals, shackled at the ankles and wrists. Next we were taken out of our home to a clean white van which was parked outside. We were dressed in our pajamas and my mother did not have an opportunity to grab a wig before we were forced from our home. Within the van we were told to sit on leather seats. The captain of the transport ferry who took us to the mainland was there as well. Four field soldiers also accompanied us in the large van. They held automatic rifles across their chests.
Finally, the captain of the ferry lost it and bellowed out words of his patiently contained rage. Why did you leave this Island, and how did you return so fast?!! The captain spat, he was yelling so hard. His dirty unshaven face was beat red with anger. I was too tired to answer but my mother must have seen the captains aggression as a sign of weakness.
We were driven along the windy dirt road, littered with pot-holes. They took us right through the little town and finally to the beach where mom and I first high-jacked the ferry. On the beach people were alive and busy. Within the first light of the day, military personnel were measuring sections off at the shore line. Sure enough most of the activity was at the area where the ferry had been. I noticed a man pouring plaster moulds of certain foot-prints. This disturbed me. One Mi-17 helicopter was taking off from the beach as another was arriving. Further back from the shore a large tent was being pitched next to the steep over hanging rock cliff. We were heading in that direction. We had to wait in the van until the tent was fully assembled and the chairs were put in place within. Finally, we were directed from the van to the tent. Inside the tent, Gastonish and I were seated at the front before a panel of Island officials. Dr. Evon arrived and ran to my mother. He was so concerned and worried I dont believe I ever seen him like that before.
Gastonish, what have you done? Holding Gastonishs left hand with both of his hands. Dr. Evons left eye twitched in the corner. Gastonish gave him no expression to ease his curiosity. An Island official took Dr. Evon by the arm and walked him to a chair at the head of the tent. Dr. Evon reluctantly accompanied his companion to take his seat joining the panel of Island officials.
Would everyone please quiet down now? Spoke a bailiff loud and clear at the front of the tent. This inquiry is now in session.
A man at the center of the panel stood up and began to speak, It seems, an incident has been reported by captain Jonathan Chase of the transport ferry Caruso with the most unusual incident taking place here on the Island about thirteen hours ago. This counsel addresses Gastonish as to her story of what happened.
If it pleases this counsel, Gastonish began, I would like to have more information about what exactly took place. Thirteen hours ago my son and I were asleep, just as we were twenty minutes ago as well.
No! She lies!!! She lies! Captain Chase feared for his life. His head turned as he looked at everyone at a time. She is an evil, deceitful creature from hell. He had shifty eyes and his fore-head began to bead with sweat. The room was filled with the sounds of gasping breaths. The captain was losing control. Now, he was sweating from head to toe, his hands began to shake and his eyes shifted from side to side all the more. H-hey, comon, you guys dont actually believe her over me do you?
Gastonish played on the captains fear, she stood up to address the panel. May I speak with Dr. Evon outside for a moment? She asked calmly. Dr. Evon stood up promptly but a hand took his arm and gently motioned for him to sit down again. Dr. Evon looked down at the hand from an official military member seated beside him. He knew it was out of order to act without the panels support so he sat back down.
While this inquiry is in session, anything you say must be spoken amongst all of the ears present.
The fore-telling of my mothers eyes made it obvious she was clearly aggravated. Would somebody please fill me in on whats going on here? What happened last night? Demanded the judge.
The captain looked like a mess and he stared at my mother and I with red blood-shot eyes of stress and frustration. You freaks won't get away with this! The captain whispered. I don't know how you got back to this Island so fast, but I'm gonna make sure you both pay. He grumbled.
I stared right back at him, still cranky with a loss of sleep. You have all heard this man threaten us. I will hold you all accountable as witnesses if he tries to harm us in any way.
Gastonish hushed me. She didn't believe I needed to say anything. As Gastonish wanted to protect us, she knew it would take her voice to be heard and all I would have to do is keep quiet. She wasnt finished playing the counsel to her own music yet. Sir, my son and I are dead tired. We were awakened by your men and you know we need at least twenty-four hours of uninterrupted sleep. Gastonish worked her magic to assume the role of the victim, trying to tie emotions of her innocent grievance into each spoken word. 
This is correct, youre honor. Dr. Evon stood up for a moment and raised his hand to confirm Gastonishs statement.
What does that person mean? Does he believe we left the Island? Is it possible he was not expecting you would find us here?
Affirmative, ma'am, the captain has been flown out here to the Island by chopper and he had a report you and your son captured him and took him to the UFO crash sight of the mainland. He guaranteed us you would not be found here.
Gastonish smirked slightly and rolled her eyes. Obviously his information is not true. Perhaps you shackled the wrong people? If he did not expect you to find us, then perhaps he was working with some accomplices who had plans to steal us away.
Accomplices? An official repeated, surprised at the suggestion.
If I were you, I would be questioning who it is the captain is really working for. Gastonish said with a stern nod of expectancy which suggested the officer conduct a more thorough investigation before he started breaking down peoples doors.
Searching the ground for the answer with his eyes frantically, the official felt compelled to agree with Gastonish. I agree ma'am. the official spoke politely. We do seem to have some inconclusive facts here which leads us to find out if there is more beneath the surface of these accusations. Certain aspects of the captains story do not add up. Sorry to disturbed your sleep but we have a situation here of misconduct and the matter must be investigated thoroughly. I suggest we take a short recess now and reconsider this case. Gastonish and Eddy are to remain nearby as, we will need to question you again. If we find there has been any sort of foul play by you or your son, Eddy, last night, you will find yourselves over your head in discipline. The officials saluted Gastonish and I. We were instructed to stand up and follow a soldier back out to the van. We sat down in the van and the shackles were quickly removed.
We were driven home a few hours after the hearing resumed and we did not hear from the captain ever again. That evening mom and I did not speak much, but we communicated plenty through our telepathy. We wondered if the soldiers would be back and we had a feeling, if they returned, it would be to finish us. Gastonish was certain the Island officials would find another way to control us besides discipline. From one mind to another, Gastonish told me how she regretted using the captain as she did, but she was determined to get us home and nothing would get in the way of that.

A few days after, Dr. Evon issued special fillings for the teeth of my mother and I. After our teeth were drilled, we were told a highly sensitive micro-chip was implanted in our teeth. The micro-chip was a tracking device which was monitored by satellites in orbit. It was a security factor to ensure the safekeeping of government property. This would have made it difficult to become settled in our strange alien working environment at the cave without being detected but Gastonish was always one step ahead.
Gastonish came up with detailed instructions, with the help of the romstrunn, to surgically extract the micro-chips but leave a slot big enough to reinsert the chip in case of an inspection. Otherwise, the sertz could hold the small chip or the chips could simply be left behind when we decided to leave the Island.
They made it mandatory for my mother and I to wear permanent tattoos on the side of our right biceps. The tattoo designs were of a planet and eagle with the words, Property of the U.S.A. They branded me with four small numbers under the tattoo, 2002 and my mothers number was 2001. My mother strongly disapproved of the tattoos and branding but it made little difference after it was finished. How could I forget the anger which burned in my mothers deep black eyes that day or how her red hair seemed to add to her kindled fury. The tattoos were tender for a few days but we became used to them eventually.
The Island officials decided to restrict any boat and ferry activity to as little as possible. It was as though I did not see any activity on the ocean after that point unless a transport arrived to unload a few more people and supplies to the Island.
I tried to keep my distance from the new comers as I was sure it was stressful enough for them arriving to the strange uncharted Island and settling in without worrying about the likes of me.

One of the new arrivals to the Knolix Island was a young boy, around my age who went by the name Domin. I heard he was muscular and mean and he had an accident with an animal in transport. The accident left him injured but I wasnt sure how serious it was. This particular boy, Domin, had a mysterious shroud about him.
I sent Evon to fly near to the new comers and study their faces from above eye level. Evon was very adept at keeping from being noticed. Images appeared on the display of my romstrunn. I stood at the window of an old mill where I was busy conducting a weather experiment. From that location I had a distant view of the five transport ships unloading near the sandy shore.
When I first saw Domin, Evon had captured a view of him stepping out of the hospital in the town of Scamp. Though he was using crutches to walk, I recognized him immediately. Domin was much larger than the others and he was practically as large as a volk. Dark raccoon like tattoos around his eyes made him seem to be haunted. His face certainly was cruel looking, like he was mad at the entire world, save a doctor who stood by Domins side and seemed familiar to me somehow. A white bandage of gauze and surgical tape covered the injury on his cheek. Some of his blood had seeped through the bandage to the surface. Domin also had a cast upon his chest.
The rest of Domins face was riddled with scars. A few of the skin patches looked discolored, as though some of his skin was like Eddys volk grey skin tone.
I quickly discredited the possibility of Domin being part volk because I knew all too well how impossible it was for human and volk to amalgamate.
Domin wore a toque over the crown of his head. His clothes were rather military in design with a black shirt, dark brown vest and dark green pants. They must have been custom fit clothes much like my own, I figured.

With any opportunity my mother would discretely suit up into her glowing futuristic suit. Gastonish made our sertz understand that when we climbed onto the hickoops and left, we would travel only a few seconds to reach one of only two destinations, the cave on the mainland or our cabin home on the Island. The journey to the cave was so fast, in itself, it lost its sense of excitement. It was like we straddled our hickoops and an energy bubble flashed to life around us, before we instantaneously arrived at the cave. Knowing watchful satellites were possibly observing overhead in our earths orbit, we were careful to move the boulder and duck into the cave as quickly as we could. We knew the satellites could not track the hickoops incredible speed.
Gastonish spent hours at night studying the details of insectular models using the information within the romstrunn. The stinging wasps belonged to the sub-order Apocrita of the order Hymenoptra. She wanted to learn everything about their entire body structure, and compare differences between real insects and living synthetic insectulars, but the romstrunn held so much information it would often take hours of Gastonishs time. She did, however, find out how to release the cocoon stasis hold and begin the life cycle of the synthetic vehicles growth. Before she could start the life-boat, as we later called it, she had to make some minor preparations. With careful attention to the instructions of the romstrunn, my mother and I designed a single honeycomb shaft large enough to hold the entire life-boat to the point where it could fully mature and come to age. The single shaft filled the center of the spacious crystal lit cave and stood twenty feet tall.
The honey comb was made of wood fiber and clay. After the larva life-boat was placed inside and the stasis hold of the cocoon removed, we had to cover the top of the honey comb.
While the larva was growing, the romstrunns instructions were for us to gather food for the Zandith Crockmior to process and place it just outside the base of the honey comb. The function was identical to a real insects habits. The only problem was the items listed for us to use as food were insects. The romstrunn was quite specific when listing the food items: winged female ants with wings torn off (discard female ants who already lost their wings.) The list went on: cicadas, cockroaches, spiders, beetles, caterpillars, mosquitoes and honeybees.
To collect such insects on Verticus would not be so tedious because there the insects not only over populate the planet, but they are of monumental size and proportion equal to that of the Zandith Crockmior L/X. Evon and Xonox searched the land of the Island to find the insects of the list. Their efforts were in vain, for no matter how hard they tried, the insects collected were never more than a fraction of what was needed to feed the life-boat. Later Gastonish learned the remaining parts from the original Zandith Crockmior would be a sufficient food to fuel the life-boat even though they were synthetic.
Oddly, Evon would occasionally report of how men were in the area of the cave looking for something in the dead of night. I would never enter or exit the cave if I knew people were close. We worked on and monitored the Zandith Crockmior L/X as frequently as possible and stayed as long as we could. Mainly we tried to take advantage of the shadow of nightfalls cloak.

Although Evon would accompany me to the cave and tutor me whenever possible about the ways of the future, I was expected to go to school and learn from a human perspective. Because I only slept for one entire day each week, I had hours and hours to keep busy on the Island. I loved to keep busy and I made a point of trying to meet with every citizen of the Island. I knew some great techniques to keep introductions from being awkward and though most people already had preconceived ideas of who I was, usually, with each first meeting, the people thought of me as a dangerous monster or someone who had a job to discipline and punish the people of the Island. It was friendship which would always win in the end. I looked forward to helping people and as I did I found lots of talk and interaction rewarded me with a new friend time and time again.
One day, I heard someone in the Scamp market make a comment of how inspirational I was and how I would take care of people. I was very pleased to pick-up on this conversation. The other mentioned how people were depending on me to get things done, but I was discouraged when they said, It is just a matter of time before the government tries to harness his good will.
With hard work comes more work. I thought. If anyone came for me I would have to stay ready. I would not go easy. The exercise I required was insufficient at the human gym. I needed to look for heavier harder jobs. Some people could not understand why I would do senseless jobs but it was simply because my body would require the exertion. As I grew, I would require more and more resistance training.
Jay, a single man who lived a quiet life and did not want to be too involved with what went on within the community, dropped me off at home each day after school. He drove a pickup truck and he was like the Islands school bus-driver. There was not one day when I would stay after school for anything, for example to talk to friends, hang out or to ask the teacher a clever question, or Id miss my ride with Jay.
Wearing his usual jean jacket, even on real hot days, Jay was like a silent loner type. He had shaggy brown hair and sideburns with a necklace of earthy Indian beads. I liked him mostly for his care-free lifestyle, but he wasnt considered a close friend. 
Evon was my closest friend and it taught me many things all the time, like how to strengthen my telepathic skills or to use my lintin. My fathers lintin was a small wrist band, resembling a pearly watch, which I received the same time I acquired the boots, Romstrunn, glowing gel suit, and hickoop from within the Zandith Crockmior aboard the alien vorogon.
When I was six years of age my build and body structure were said to be more like that of a thirteen year old human boy, only built up with ten times his regular muscle capacity. Such studies concerning my age in relation to a humans growth rate were performed and carried out by experts, whom I was told, I would never meet. I debated the issue once, but later I just left it to others to decide how accurate the experts were concerning my development. My opinions did not seem to matter to human ego most of the time.
I loved my life and wanted to stay on earth. I did not share the need in my heart, as my mother did, to go to Verticus. You could imagine my surprise when Gastonish would say, It wont be long now, Eddy. Very soon we will be going home.
I was seven feet tall and three men wide full of bulging muscles. I distinctly recall a time when I was playing rugby with some of my classmates out on the beach when the ferry docked. One of us shirtless boys put the back of his hand to his mouth to speak privately in a low whisper to the rest of us. Hey, check it out. He said pointing, Thats the new girl to the Island. Here she comes. Upon the time her eyes caught sight of our group, we all dropped our gazes to the ground.
She walked to the edge of the dock hugging her books to her chest and batting her eyes at us. Hi boys. She had the power to make us all blush, though the boys went red I turned more bluish.
The gang tried to ignore her but they all felt it. She was so beautiful. Even I felt something. Forget her. Bobby said, Even you can get hurt fooling around with the little town flirt, Eddy. 
It was sound advice even though it came from an elementary student. But I could not help but wonder if he was just trying to discourage us because he wanted her all to himself.
The boys would often compete to win over a moment of her attention. It was always exciting to find out more about someone who was new to the Island, and I went right along with the others. 
Her name was Sally Coppler. I guess I was drawn to her innocence. In the presence of Sally, I would begin to run faster than usual and chase my schoolmates around growling in good fun. She put a flare in my heart which kicked up my pulse and I was helplessly crazy when she was around. Playing baseball, I'd try to play at the same level as everyone else, but if Sally was in the bleachers, I would hit the ball out of the park and jump to first base in four leaps; or drag the bike racks out into the parking lot for a joke. I didn't always depend on my strength to enlighten my teenage dream either. I also liked to catch teachers off guard with a question they should know, but usually couldn't answer off-hand.
Instant popularity, was what Sally had with her beautiful young fresh look and just the right mix of charisma and confidence. With bright green eyes and a laugh which lured people in to her aura of fun, fun, fun. As far as I was concerned, the Island could use many more like her. She wore bright clothes which quickly set the standard for fashion amongst the young ladys at school. And she knew a different way to style her blond hair for each and everyday.
Many times I was able to draw a large crowd within the classroom by presenting one of my most favourite magic tricks. I mastered the art of trickery with hours of practice at the skill of 'slight of hand', the art of deceiving the eye with skillful movements of the hand. 
There was this one time when Sally first wanted to see one of my rumoured amazing tricks. First, sat in a chair at the front of the class with my back to the students and facing the chalkboard. I took a piece of chalk and crushed it in my left fist. My open right hand had a single sheet of blank paper set on it. I asked the class to select a silently student to walk up behind me and touch my back. 
Hands down, Sally Coppler was selected, though Domin was a close second. Sally moved as silently as a cat. She wasnt sure about me at all. Obviously I spooked her by the way she not only cautiously approached me, but after a quick gentle tap she spun and high tailed it back to her desk like she was being chased by the devil.
I moved my left fist over so it was held over the blank paper. By grinding my fingers, the chalk dust sprinkled onto the paper. Slowly, I moved my dusty left hand back to my left side so the others behind me could see it. With each of my hands held out at either side I began to count backwards from ten. This was simply to raise the suspense and anticipation.
When I reached, one; I jumped out of my seat and slapped the chalk covered paper onto the chalkboard. As the paper was removed I turned to the class without seeing what remained on the chalkboard. 
Everyone gasped and awed before I asked, So who was it who tapped my back? 
No one answered as the identity of the students face was displayed upon the chalkboard as clear as an old black and white photograph. I turned to admire the portrait of Sally Coppler. She was so beautiful, not even the teacher wanted to erase the depiction from the chalkboard for a week.
No matter how my school-mates begged, I would never give away the secrets of my tricks.
We had a very old fashion school of one room and many grades, however, Mr. Dalton, my teacher, was not old fashioned and he impressed me with how knowledgeable he was. When he and I first met he came on like a scientist with a wealth of information. Somehow we talked our way onto the topic of communication and I tried to explain to him how the alphabet did not need to exist, and how it was possible for people to read and speak with numbers alone. Letters were not important. I went into greater detail with him on how this would be done. This way numbers would come easier to people who have trouble with them. I explained.
Mr. Dalton was impressed by the theory and as I tried to show him how it was done, he didnt seem to have the ability to keep up with me. He was at a loss for words when I even further elaborated on the topic.

Strange things happening elsewhere in the world led someone to suggest my mother could be helpful with assisting a special top secret company. The company was called NICAP  the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena. This was the leading organization for dealing with everything and anything to do with extra-terrestrial contact. Oddly, Gastonish agreed to be an associate and offer her comments to many cases involving alien encounters or abductions. All of this came shortly after a little girl named Jenny came to the Island briefly.
Gastonish tried to help but after a short time, the people of NICAP told my mother how they found her to be a little too eccentric for them with comments and ideas which were just too spectacular to be true. She was dumped from the program.

I was able to get along with most of the other children at school. I was not cruel to any of them, but one boy named Domin knew how to push my buttons. He was the class bully and he would have gotten his way, forcefully, more often if I wasnt around to keep him in line. The children knew if I chased them around in a vicious manner, it was out of fun, but if Domin chased you, you ran for your life. Domin was larger than his peers, almost as large as me, and loved to rough house with them. Other than his merciless acts of so-called fun, Domin was a very quiet boy who kept to himself. At first I found evidence of blood in the bathrooms, and once in the hall. Rumors had it how Domin, notorious for his threats, was backing-up his claims and beating-up other kids. I went to Mr. Dalton with the complaint and he said, The school could not reprimand a child based on rumours of violence.
Scars covered Domins entire body like a road map or web. Most of the scars looked old like he had been going under surgical knives his entire life, but the three distinct cuts on his cheek from his recent encounter with a grizzly bear were still fresh.
I put the word out amongst the other kids I would protect anyone who was threatened by Domin. In the playground, every so often, a child would run to me and say Domin was chasing them. Sure enough, Domin would come charging around the corner of the school growling at the children in a threatening manner. At a glance, Domin looked at me and lost the violent redness of his eyes. With a snort, he turned and walked away, until one day, I encountered Domin angrier than ever. A young boy ran into me from behind. He was shaking, unable to speak. Domin was running for him, his clothes fluttering ferociously with each threatening tread under foot at attack speed. As Domin moved in, diving for the kill, I grabbed him and lifted him up by his shirt. He clawed and ripped at my sleeve. I saw the dark side of Domin which he struggled so hard to keep silent.
While I held Domin in the air, I turned to the boy and asked, What did you do to make Domin so angry? the boy had fallen to the dirt and was in a state of fear stricken shock.
Another child spoke. Jeremy told Domin he was a big dweeb because he was scared of you.
Next Domin struggled to be free before he said, I'm not scared of anyone!
Jeremy also told Domin about how he would leave children alone when he was around you, Eddy. The little chattery girl spoke.
It was clear what was going on, Is this true? I asked, but before I could get another word in, Domin ripped off my sleeve and started clawing at my arm. I shook him to distract him. It was difficult for him to scratch through my thick grey skin, but he finally managed to gouge his fingers in enough to draw a little thick dark scarlet blood. He kicked me in the face at the same instant. I was just about to throw him, when he ripped at his own shirt and fell away from my grasp. He not only land on his feet, but to bounce back toward me. The impact of his combined weight and strength surprisingly pushed me to the ground. Like a cat, Domin pounced on top of me while I was down. I did not think to fight back or escape, I simply wanted to defend myself. I took him by his hair and yanked him off. He came at me again ruthlessly, as he jabbed a fist out to strike me, I grabbed his arm and used his momentum against him. I picked him up and sent him flying into a bush. He crawled out from under the bush with burning eyes of vengeance. He growled low and sinister-like. I found his primitive rage amusing somehow and bellowed out a deep menacing roar of my own.
With incredible speed, Domin ducked back into the bush and disappeared into the woods. Domin strangely disappeared that day and soon after, a lot of chaos and activity started amongst the officials of the Island as they tried to find him. As usual, a huge Island wide search was organized and carried-out with military vehicles, search and rescue boats and helicopters. With all of the efforts put forth, Domin was always found. I was heavily investigated but no charges were ever filed against me.

I have so many memorable moments in that class of unique characters. One day Mr. Dalton took the whole class out for a field trip into the jungle forest of the Island. Sally and Domin were also with us as we all set out on foot through the trails. Mr. Dalton tried to explain different plants and their nutritional value, I ate all of the plants, roots and mushrooms that Mr. Dalton picked and from a small taste I could tell everyone about the percentage of nutrition as well as the medical benefits, if there were any. Mr. Dalton scribbled into his note pad franticly to keep up with me as he tried to write down everything I said so he could later verify it. 
How are you able to do that, Eddy? Mr. Dalton asked as he was astonished by Eddys incredible gift.
I just taste it and I know. I answered as it was all so simple to me.
Mr. Dalton frowned and stopped writing. He did not believe Eddy really had this ability and accused me of pulling a prank.
All of my other classmates tried to eat the plants which I had pointed out as Edible, but they all said it tasted disgusting. 
Domin asked me to eat a plant that he knew to be very poisonous. Here, eat this. 
I took the plant and ate the whole thing quickly. Sally figured out what happened from the other kids who were snickering. She became very upset and raised her voice. Mr. Dalton! Eddy has eaten a poisonous plant. What are we going to do? 
Domin stood back with wide eyes and wondered if Eddy was going to die right before their eyes. Mr. Dalton urgently searched his pockets for his radio communicator. Blast, I cant call for help, we will have to get back to the school as fast as we can.
Mr. Dalton? I called to the teacher, I knew the plant was poisonous before Domin handed it to me. I have eaten it before. I just wanted to prove that it wont harm me.

A few weeks later at the end of a school day, the usual bunch of kids and I were waiting for Jay to come and pick us all up again and drive us to our homes. The kids who stood with me and waited, looked at me as though I was a comic book hero of sorts. Little Jimmy piped up one day and said something which I found both peculiar and profound, I can hold my breath under water for a whole minute.
He, no doubt, wanted to impress everyone with what he thought was a special ability. Tony said, So what, everyone can do that.
Abilities are not to be taken lightly, Tony. I said, I think surviving under water is thrilling, dangerous and takes skill.
I dont just hold my breath for a long time, Jimmy added, I can jump from Eddy's leap rock while reaching my arms into the air, waving them around in complete freedom.
So inspiring, Jimmy. I said, as I was not trying to seem sarcastic. I was truly inspired by him. Do you know what else you can do, Jimmy?
I can walk around my house in complete darkness. I can do cart wheels too. Jimmy added.
You can do so much more than this. You can read countless books, you can take apart your bicycle and put it back together, you can start a business, design an engine which runs off a new form of energy, discover a form of life even if it's only new to you. You can create your own motion picture where you're the star, or make your own unique music, while you discover how to do it you can lead others to assist you, doing this will not only earn you friends but great respect as well. Shout to the world, Look at me! I am alive and it feels so good! Express this in all you do. You could make me want to buy your product, you could single handedly change the future. You could save a life. You can love another person. A simple act from you can change not only a life but the entire world. Your reach must be global, your intensions always noble and your heart pure and good. Positive thinking is constructive, unlike a negative word. You can be president for in one way or another you guys are this world. You can keep rhythm to your own beat and know no one else compares. Through simple understanding you can control and improve on existing systems.
Jimmy caught the bug of my message before he added, I know what youre saying. Thats why they brought me to this Island I think. My power is infinite. I can heal by love and laughter. I could do anything without permission I have it all under my command. I can guide a jet aircraft by the mere will of my thoughts and hit a target with uncanny precision and accuracy. I could connect with this planet and be a part of every good thing about it, or I could be a part of its pain and suffering. A strange rippling vibration moved under our feet and I saw small stones begin to bounce slightly on the dirt road. I could witness a birth or flatten a nation. Armies will fight for me and I could pick and choose who will rise and who will fall. The government knows I have potential, but I never told them I have infinite potential. The wind blew over us in a powerful gust. I could destroy this island if I orchestrate a plan to do so! Or why don't I just split it right in two! 
The ground shook under our feet and fear gripped our hearts. Trees were almost uprooted, when Jimmy had to sit down at the edge of the dirt road and breathe. As quickly as the strange occurrence began, an omniscient calmness surrounded us and everything settled again. I put my hand on his back and said, Im sorry, I should have known better than to get you all worked up.
Jimmy looked up at me and said, It is not by my strength but by His whereby I can do what I do. 
Who are you talking about when you say, His? I asked in awe. Jimmy pointed to the sky, and I was amazed. 
Jimmy refused to show me anything more after that incident. Though he did say, That was fun. You know? I can ride my bike with no hands
I smiled at Jimmy, when within my ear, Evons voice gave me a message from my mother. She was at the cave and she needed Evon to assist Xonox with collecting insects for a new project she was working on. She believed she could find a way to make the insects she collected grow to the size specified for the Zandith Crockmior life boat. I called it a long shot, nevertheless with a thought, I sent Evon to help my mother. Inconspicuously, I threw a stone into some bushes at the other side of the road. The other children responded to the sound of the stone snapping through the bush. I let Evon launch from my ear. In a blink of an eye, my sertz was gone. 
Faintly, I could hear our ride rolling closer by the minute.
I looked around and found my peers were very comfortable with me around. I did not take that for granted, not even for a moment.
As Jay proceeded to drop off each student, I found his driving was much more aggressive than any other day. I remembered how he would always say hello or smile when he came to pick us up. He didn't respond at all, and I kind of wondered what was upsetting him, yet I still paid it no mind. Everyone has a bad day.
My stop came up next. I always found it was a very obvious spot where I was let off, but Jay drove right past it. When he stopped to let the next kid off, I asked him why he didn't stop.
Oh, sorry, I have a lot on my mind. Don't worry, I'll get to it. Jay replied quickly, but I was skeptical about his intentions.
Yes, but can't you just turn around? I asked, Because my mom is going to be worried if I'm not home soon. And the delay would interfere with my regular scheduled studies. I thought to myself.
I'll get to it, I said! Jay snapped at me.
He went about his business returning the children home. When I was the only one left, he proceeded up the road.
You are going the wrong way! I told him sternly. I have to get home now!
This is a short-cut! Jay shouted out of the window. With a flick of his wrist, he turned on the radio and the heavy metal music thundered from his cab.
I thought immediately, Short-cut? Ya, right! I know these roads well enough and this is no short-cut. He is taking me up the mountain!? We began to travel quite high and the road dropped off to a sharp cliff to the right of us. Something is very wrong here. I thought, But what would Jay want with me? I became skeptical and started sweating. Jays driving became much more aggressive the further we went which made it difficult for me to just jump out of the truck. As he swung the truck around a sharp corner, I was involuntarily thrown right out from the back of the pick-up.
I hit the ground so hard and so fast, I was shocked. I could have broken my neck. Under great pain I found my ankle was injured.
Jay hammered on his brakes and slid to a stop over the dirt road. After a little gear grinding, the white reverse lights came on. His engine roared and his trany wined as his truck approached me. The way he slammed the door after he got out of the truck was very rash. As he came closer he became increasingly perturbed.
My leg! I told him, I think its broken. I played into my pain to make it seem worse than it was.
Great! Damaged goods. He grumbled, What am I supposed to do about it, freak? Jay said. He wiped his nose with his sleeve before he slapped his leg. Dust formed a small cloud around the slap as he looked down shaking his head. Thanks a lot. You couldnt just stay in the truck? He was frustrated and disappointed with me. I hope your foot isnt hurt too badly. They might try to take it out of my pay.
Jay, look at me! I said, trying to talk sense into him. I can't move. Please, just go back to my house and bring my mom here, she will know what to do.
Oh... Jay sarcastically sighed. Does Eddy want his mommy? Look, we don't have time for this, now get your grey freakish-butt in the truck so we can get out of here.
Violently, Jay grabbed my shoulder and flipped me onto my front. Sloppily, he found out the hard way how he was not going to be able to move my two hundred and forty pound body into the back of his pick-up. Finally, I decided to assist him as I basically climbed into the back of the truck myself.
Jay walked around to the drivers seat, hopped in and forced the trucks stick into gear. The wheels spun as we continued our journey, racing through the windy dirt road of relentless pot-holes. I laid down in the pick-up, playing dead, trying to figure a way out. Evon was bound to return to me soon. How long would my mother need his assistance? I clung to the hope he would not be too late but as time moved on, all hope dwindled. I never before felt so helpless.
When we stopped, I had an incredible urge to peek over and look at my surroundings. I could not, of course, because I was afraid if Jay had a gun. My ankle was feeling better but I felt my safest bet was to just play dead, and listen.

The door to the cab clicked as it released. It squeaked open from the dry rusty hinges, before the door violently slammed shut. Something was tickling my nose. I couldn't move, no matter what happened. The crunching of the dry gravel under Jays feet became louder as he drew closer. It stopped for a moment while he looked in. He took in a breath of air, before he let it out in contempt. Jay proceeded to the back of the pic- up and yanked the tail gate down.
Okay, get up! Ordered Jay, C'mon, I know you're playing possum, you big lumpy grey freak!
He grabbed me by the scruff of my collar and tried to throw me off the edge of the tail-gate.
I was able to brace myself so I didn't go over. I couldn't help it, I had to look at Jay to see what he was going to do next. His eye brows met, his face went red, and he began to grit his teeth. I was uncontrollably reminded of the mover who helped my mother and I move to the Island. His face was just as tense when he tried to lift one of my heavy weights. It was not a coincidence, Jay was the same man. But it just didn't make sense... Why?
The pounding of his heavy boots entered the pick-up box, it made me shiver. But I couldnt be scared of a human, could I? I stood up fast and Jay was knocked over the edge of the box. The pain in my ankle was far greater than I expected it to be when I applied pressure to it. I lost my balance and fell over the opposite side of the box. I could hear Jay start talking, I was not listening to what he was saying, but by the tone of his voice, I knew he was sore as well, and angrier than ever. I struggled and squirmed on the ground until I found myself on my back. Covered in dirt, I heard Jay open the door of the pick-up.
I should have done this from the beginning. Jay said with the sound of metal clicking. The sound was just like he was cocking a rifle.
The truck door slammed shut and my body tensed. I heard his feet shuffle around the front of the truck quickly. Sure enough my worst fears became reality. Jay was holding a rifle.
 What are you? Jay said as he pointed the barrel of his rifle at me. Are you related to the elephant man? Look at your skin, kid, its grey, like an elephant.
I tried to jump and escape him as a last ditch attempt to survive but I was too slow. Jay fired the rifle and I felt the bullet strike me in the back.
I tumbled forward and fell down a cliff. At the bottom of the steep embankment, I landed hard onto the ground before I struck my head on a rock. Well, it looks like you are human. Between wisps of air, he went on. The evidence is all over you... red blood.
Jay dropped his rifle and slid down the hill. He ran to me and swung his leg back to kick me. As he swung his leg forward I reached up and grabbed his ankle. I squeezed and squeezed, before I felt his ankle cracking in the palm of my hand. I hated it, but I had to do it, I had to make him stop.
Jay screamed as if he was dying and he quickly pulled out his knife and stabbed me in my fore-arm. I let go of him and we both screamed out in pain. I pulled the knife out of my arm and felt something dangling at my back. My vision began to blur. Still I managed to brush my back up against a nearby tree. Something came off of my back. I turned and found a dart laying on the ground at the base of the tree. It was a tranquilizer dart. 

I shook my head to clear the effects of the drug. I noticed Jay was crawling and dragging his injured leg behind him. He crawled up the steep cliff. I was slow moving behind him but I had to follow him to be sure he wasnt going to try anything else. Whatever I did was better than to give into the effects of the tranquilizer. I peeked over the top of the cliff and saw Jay crawl to a cabin which was just beyond his truck. As I looked around the property of his run down cabin, I saw strange inventions undoubtedly created by Jay. They looked like bicycles because they were powered by pedals. One would heat coals, for a barbecue perhaps. Others had sharpening stones attached to them and other things I couldn't recognize. Strangely they were all used with the same design of a bicycle.
Behind his cabin, was a bath house and further back was his bright red out house.
The front door to the cabin swung open and Jay crawled out. He was holding a first aid kit and rope. I wanted to run but my body was still fighting off the effects of the tranquilizer. The pain from my ankle and stab wound was enough to prevent me from an escape. Jay limped his way over to me.
I could do nothing to fight him off. He turned me over onto my front and tied my legs and arms back. Grunting through the pain, Jay used his foot to press against my back as he pulled his knots tight. I was relieved for one thing, he brought the first aid kit. 
I could hear him behind me opening it, and messing around with the contents inside. I didn't say anything to him. Not only did I not want to discourage him, I could hardly move my mouth to speak.
After about five minutes of messing around with the first aid kit, I heard the lid of the kit click shut. Crawling toward the cabin, it was obvious, Jay wasnt concerned with my wounds at all.
Jay was just going to leave me bleeding. I started struggling to get free from my bonds. I remembered how I used to let my friends tie me up as part of my escape artist trickery. I would always free myself because I learned the techniques from classic escape artists through many magic books.
I would make a fist, pull and twist, then relax my hand, pull and twist. Though tight, Jay didn't tie a very difficult knot. My hands were free in about two minutes. I pulled the ropes with my arms and pushed with my legs and the rope snapped.
Jay noticed I was free before he started hopping toward me. Stop right there, freak!
The hopping was no good, he couldn't keep his balance. Jay fell flat on his face.
I wanted to open a can of hurt all over him, but the tranquilizer made me so light headed I barely kept myself together. I turned and tried to escape, but everything went into slow motion. I crawled on my hands and dragging my feet as I slid back down the steep edge to a clearing at the bottom.
I glanced behind me and found Jay was getting very close. My head felt heavy like it was full of cement. I couldn't think, as I rolled and tumbled. My cut grew wider and my ankle became seriously injured. The hot and dry dust surrounded me and filled my lungs. Rolling out onto level ground, I laid on the dirt waiting motionless for Jay to slide down the hill and kill me.
 
Above me, I could hear Jay make his way down the steep eight foot ridge. The air around me was a thick with hot coarse dust through my throat. I couldn't keep my eyes from closing. The affects of the drug were too strong after all, besides the dust had gotten beneath my eye lids. Jay landed beside me clumsily. He forced me to sit up against a wooden structure.
Look at me! he commanded, Look at me, monster boy!
I opened my eyes and to my surprise, he was waving a six inch hunting knife in my face. It had a jagged edge, and it was coated with blood, my blood.
I raised my hands to protect myself. Jay jerked the knife toward my face. As he pulled it back, the jagged edge cut my light blue knuckle capsule of my left hand thumb. The whole capsule split and it started to bleed.
Ooo, I'm sorry. Jay reproached with mocking sympathy, Its a pretty nice blade isn't it? He held it up and I immediately jerked back. Whats wrong? Don't you like blades? Here watch this. Jay began cutting his arm in quick random strokes. There, you freak, we're even!
He took out a skeleton key and unlocked a pad lock hanging beside my head. While he was fumbling with the lock, Jay flinched the knife inches from my face. Don't try anything. Jay warned. I looked behind me and found the wooden structure was really a door connected to a small square crate.
Open it. Jay commanded ignorantly as he either didn't feel comfortable working so close to me or he couldn't manage to open the lock himself.
I shifted my body weight out of the way before I fumbled with the key to open the door. I managed to get the door open though Jay was out of patience. I didn't know what this small door was for, but it was cold inside. The wood of the structure was old and grey yet still strong. It was an old crate half buried in the side of the sandy slope.
Get in! Jay commanded with a thrust of his knife. 
I shook my head, negatively. I willed myself to believe Evon would return any moment.
Again Jay waved his knife for me to get into the crate much closer and aggressive than before. His eyes were crazy with darkness and hate. How could this be the same Jay I thought I knew so well? Later I referred to it as 'the box' because from the inside, that was all it was. Jay locked it up and left me crammed inside.
My right hand was kept warm by the blood of my stab wound. I kept pressure on it constantly. Subconsciously, I was trying to determine how much blood was draining from my body per second. This, in conjunction with the tranquilizer, led to a self induced dizziness. It wasnt long before I also became dehydrated. My throat was dry, and it became hard for me to breathe. The walls seemed to be closing. Hope drained out of me with my blood. Scared to death I discovered the horrific experience of claustrophobia. Perhaps non of the symptoms were real, but I believed them to be real. It was possible I was experiencing the side affects of heart palpitations or perhaps I was simply not receiving enough oxygen. My skin felt irritated and itchy as though millions of insects and spiders were crawling and scurrying over my body. I was so scared and alone in the darkness. Alone and cold... Ice cold.
Within my nightmares of Jay, I wondered how he must want to kill me but make it look like it wasn't his fault, but something just didn't seem to add up. How could my death benefit Jay? He would tell them a story which wasn't true, and get away with it. Get away with what? Was I so threatening to humanity? I wondered if it was just a test, as if Jay was trying to analyze my physical strength to see how I would react when pushed too far, but I couldnt make sense of such an experiment either. Too much about this situation was senseless. Soon, I became tired of thinking, and too scared to sleep. I began to phase in and out of sleep in reaction to my trauma. 
My thought eventually turned to my mother with memories of how strong she was on the alien vorogon. I was to be more dependable than a man, I needed to be a volk. I didn't think there was any hope for me then. I was as good as dead aboard the vorogon just as felt within the box.
I heard Jay clanking something heavy and metal on top of the crate. It sounded as though a heavy rope was pulled through the thick metal ring at the top center of the crate.
Evon appeared inside the box with me. Its eye optics glowed red and lit the inside of the box.
MY LORD, I FOUND YOU. Spoke the little robot who was a welcome sight of security for my young helpless eyes.
Evon! Recognizing my sertz, I wasn't sure if I was still dreaming. No matter, I spoke to it, premonition or not. I need you to find Gastonish and give her an urgent message. In a lower, raspier voice, I spoke. Tell her, I'm in trouble... Show her the way here!... Priority one Hurry!... Go now! With no reply, Evon disappeared out through a small gap in the slats.
I heard a slight thumping. I imagined Jay, dressed in a dark hooded cloak, beating a drum as he was attempting to carry out some crazy cult sacrifice. The thumping grew louder as a constant chopping. It was not the beat of a drum I heard, it was something else, something from outside... A helicopter.
The metal on top of the crate was tugged firmly when the entire crate jolted skyward. A great force dragged the crate a short distance along the ground, no doubt the helicopter was the muscle behind the momentum.
The crate lifted off the ground. I felt the momentous swing as the crate brushed through the trees.
My crate swung forward as though the helicopter changed direction. It was like being on a roller coaster or a turbo accelerated elevator. I cleared the trees and I could feel myself being pulled higher and higher. Other air-force vessels joined in with thunderous after burners engaged as they darted past me. Strong lights sheered through the cracks of the crate. Voices in the distance were bellowing orders through a mega-phone.
'Would the rope snap in the next second?'
I was shocked when I heard the terrifying sounds of rockets blasting and ammo firing. The rope holding my crate did snap. Gravity distorted as I, within the crate, fell freely. The fall seemed to last forever as I tumbled into eternity.
The sound of a ricochet bullet twanged through the corner of the crate. I felt my weight return as the falling crate began to strangely stabilize and slow. The lock on the crate twisted apart and fell off. The crate gently touched down on the ground and the door opened.
I shifted my weight forward to allow gravity to pull me out. As I fell forward, I bumped into something... Something invisible, and it held me.
Eddy, I've got you. It was the soft spoken voice of my mother. Who did this? Gastonish demanded with heavy concern in her tone.
Jay... I answered meekly.
Gastonish's volk suit was warm and vibrant. Her arm slid over my shoulders as she sat down next to me. Where is he honey, I want to see him.
No! I said, my voice cracking. He will hurt you too... Hes evil!
No, Eddy. No one will ever hurt us as long as we are together. Now, stay calm and wait, someone will be by soon to help you! somehow when Gastonish spoke I knew the nightmare was over and everything would eventually be just fine. I shouldn't be found here with you. Promise me you won't tell anyone I was here, okay?
I promise. with dry sincerity I pledged my solemn word.
I was unable to sense the presence of my mother after made my promise to her. I rolled over onto my hands and knees. Crawling, I tried to make some distance between the crate and myself. My whole body was throbbing. Moving a full branch of pine needles from obstructing my line of sight, I fixed my eyes on a human form who was running through the woods. It was Jay and he was swept off his feet and thrown through the air. Jay's body struck against a huge tree trunk before he crumpled to the ground like a rag doll. I heard the authorities of the Island approach from the distance on foot.
There was another, a single person who moved in a diameter six feet from Jays body. I could hear the foot steps, but I could not see the persons form. Jay awoke and cautiously observed his surroundings. He heard the foot steps too. The invisible foot steps could only belong to one person, Gastonish. Her face appeared in the pink glow of her suit for just a brief second. When Jay saw this he was overwhelmed with fear. The amplified strength and fury of my mother was like a mystical unseen force. The crate was lifted off the ground and tossed onto Jay. It was as though my mother toyed with him like a child playing with a bug. His form was contorted into a disturbing pretzel shape after being stuffed into the box. The door of the box was forcefully wedged shut.
Jay was killed for his crime which was how he was later found.
Someone approached me from behind. Before I could turn and see who it was, I was struck in my back by another tranquilizer dart. This dart came from Knolix Island authorities. This time I had no strength left to fight its affects... Blackness draped over me.

I awoke slowly, collecting myself from another place. The sleep I came out of was so deep and comforting it was as though I was disconnected from both space and time. I was not familiar with my surroundings. Something was beeping and keeping with a constant pattern. A monitor. I was in a doctors office where people were scurrying about my bed busily. My wrists, ankles and waist were strapped to a high bed. Bandages dressed my wounds.
My wounds left me in great pain. Evon, ease my pain. I had just awoke so I said it as more of a test to see if Evon was still with me. A warm tingling sensation came over my entire body and I was no longer in pain. I was then reassured, Evon was with me. Nurse, how long have I been here? drearily, I asked.
A nurse alerted others to my consciousness over a com. She approached me and said, You have been here for six hours. How do you feel?
Not bad. shaking off the tiresome affects of sleep, I replied with more alertness.
The stab wound to my arm was stitched and gauze was taped in place. My ribs were tender but the bruises and swelling had already passed, not to mention the striking gash on my forehead. I noticed I did not experience any pain from my sprained ankle. The rope burns of my wrists and ankles did not hurt either. Nor was I stiff and sore from being crammed into the box.
Dr. Evon came in to check on me and released me from the bed bindings. I did my regular stretching routine and tried to pretend I woke from a bad dream.
Eddy, you were the victim of an unfortunate security breach. Dr. Evon cut to the chase and began to explain, Luckily the homing device implanted into your tooth allowed us to come to your aid as soon as we did. The man who abducted you was a spy from the foreign secret service. You are government property and you are very valuable to this nation. He smiled to me, reassuringly. You're lucky to have friends who will risk everything for your safety.
What I went through had a much larger impact on my childhood than the encounter with the Ornocks because it brought me so close to the reality of my mortality. Gastonish felt it was necessary to develop a way for us to track one another, but our options were limited. In the Ied era, another volk could be tracked anywhere in the galaxy with the help of a thrustle-T, a volk police officer, providing the volk to be located was not yet separated from its sertz. Unfortunately, we were without any possibility of thrustle-T aid.
When a sertz was unable to link communication with a thrustle-T, it could over-ride certain program regulations in favor of its situation of independence and survival. This was not an unnatural occurrence since many have been lost in space. Our situation required a special solution. Since all bodies, human, animal or volk, leave behind a distinct radiation, our sertz could adjust their ultra sensitive optical spectra to identify us by these means. To give our sertz the capability to distinguish my mother and I apart by our naturally unique residual radiation expulsions, we could follow ghostly trails of ones self radiation to lead us to the one who was lost. As a person walked across a room the sertz would see a bright human form, but the radiation or heat of ones body would leave a hazy trail through the air. Foot prints or objects touched throughout the path of the person were often brighter and identifiably unique in the sight of the sertz visual scope.

Days after this abduction attempt, I couldnt shake the uneasiness I felt. It wasnt until Evon brought to light how my subconscious was dictating emotional responses which affected my decision making in minor ways. I had trouble trusting humans and I became a quiet, private person. Evon was surprisingly helpful as the little centennial robot guided me through my emotions subconsciously. It was a long journey I had to take with small steps. Day by day, I grew stronger and more emotionally stable. I compared myself to Pinocchio as the freak who wanted to become a real boy. My popularity nose dived from a 100 to a -100. With the dwindling of my reputation came hurtful gossip and lies. The Island citizens honed in on my change. They knew something was different and the mystery surrounding me, though personal, caused the people to come up with all sorts of speculations. I found children and adults alike sneering at me and whispering behind my back. Still, I tried to hang around other kids and I wanted to fit in very much. No matter how hard I tried, I was destined to be the out-cast of the small Island community forever. 
I remembered how my life was before Jay abducted me. I was popular and happy-go-lucky... Or at least, that was how I wanted to remember I was. My memories were like someone elses at times. Everything just seemed so different.
Perhaps, just by becoming a more private person, I created a residual effect on the people around me. I did not expect such results, but I could not deny them either. The end results were too obvious. No one felt comfortable with me around anymore. This much was certain. It was the flip side of the coin. It was an uncomfortable feeling to not have a crowd of children around me cheering my name. The magic was gone.
Was this all some sort of racial discrimination?
Remembering back, I took it for granted how the kids couldn't wait for their turn to play with me. I remembered so clearly how I could make each one of them feel special and I felt special in return. Now, no one wanted to even look at me. They started out making cheap cracks. Perhaps they were looking for some reaction which would incriminate me in some way. Or maybe they were trying to crack my shell to begin their first step to bring me back to the volk I once was.
One very small boy approached me with no fear and said, I remember when you were teaching the class about things by the shore. You sat up on a large rock to look down on the rest of us. You talked about deep and insightful things which were actually very simple to you. It was like you treated us like lost little puppies. Do you think so little of us?
No, of course not. It was no use. No matter what I said, they had an idea burned in their minds, I was an inhuman creature who harboured dark thoughts. I was convinced they would not believe anything otherwise. The moment I thought humans no longer believed in me was the moment I decided to put up an emotional barrier, an invincible wall. As an emotional reflex I hardened myself. Slowly, I became used to people talking behind my back.
There was only one other I found I could relate to and he was the most unlikely person I ever would have suspected, but Domin was at my level of depression. The load of baggage he carried was equal to my own though he came from another world of problems entirely.
Domin and I never really spoke to one another when we were in the presence of humans, but if we found ourselves alone together we would begin to open up only our conversations were strange. Neither of us wanted to talk about our experiences so we dodged the specifics. What we found was a connection, an understanding, though neither of us would admit it.
As crazy as our conversations were, Domin and I needed to know we were no alone in the cosmos.

Helping Gastonish contribute to the well-being of the Zandith Crockmior life-boat became as monotonous as school. I would do my part wishing I was somewhere else. Gastonish tried to listen to me but she only gave quick advice with little love or compassion combined. It was obvious, her first priority was to go home to the Ide era. To her, the answer to all of our problems would be solved the moment we were off the planet earth and on Verticus. She had a one track mind; 'Tend to the Zandith Crockmior and complete the business at the cave.' At the age of seven, which was equivalent to the developmental stage of a sixteen year old human, Evon came to me many times to offer assistance in my despair. I never wanted advice from the tiny robot. Whenever I was alone seeking a peaceful moment to myself, there it was. I was so frustrated when Evon would try to teach me something or attempt to be my pal.
AM I YOUR FRIEND, MASTER? my sertz asked in one of many attempts in counseling me.
I don't have any friends. Just leave me alone. I would negatively reply. Refusing to accept any kind of reaching out from anyone was all I could do until I was sure how I would fit into this world. I also battled feelings of anxiety when I thought about going to Verticus, the world of volks. Would Gastonish be able to pull it off and take us back through time or dimension? What were volks like? Were they nice? Would we ever even find them? Perhaps we would end up lost, or dead, or would we find the new world? And if so, would I be able to adjust to that world? I could build up questions from that point which would scare me half to death. The whole idea of my situation could seem to be so much larger than I was.
Gastonish could see I was having problems. I saw it in her eyes. She wanted to be there for me but, to her, it was a job fit for my sertz and nothing more than a distraction between her and I and what we were trying to accomplish. What I hated more than my reflection in the mirror was my shadow on the wall. I was constantly reminded of how I didn't fit in. How I was a volk and would never be human. I just wanted to be treated equally and fairly. I deserved it. Judgemental opinions from the thoughts of people crept into my mind all the time. What I hated more than who I was, was who everyone else thought me to be. I had a fear or intimidation of growing up in the Ied era with other volk children. And though I loved the human children I couldnt imagine being one of them. Yet my mood of depression was like a heavy coat or yoke and I could not shake it off.

When Gastonish and I could no longer do anymore at the cave, and we had very little down time, we would telepathically link our minds and I could see the Ied era through my mothers memories. Our world of volks was fascinating, and through the mind link I fully understood why Gastonish wanted to go back so badly. I saw my father, Mulunac, and many other relatives whom my mother would try to describe to me. Not only did people dress differently than I expected, some did not look like volks at all, they were like insects. I thought everyone would be dressed in suits like the ones Gastonish and I wore, but they did not. They wore some clothing of fabric and not all volk outfits would glow.
The volks in Gastonish's memories ranged in size from one and a half foot muscle bound babies, to over ten foot tall giants. I saw and recognized, the top of an Ornocks head. I asked Gastonish where the strange alien-like people came from. 
There are very few creatures from other planets who live on Verticus except for Vornocks. Gastonish answered, as she vacuumed the corners of the floor with her futuristic boots. Most of the other creatures are not capable of surviving on Verticus because they were created for their own specific planets surface environment. So, though we do have countless other life forms who co-exist with us in our world, very few of them can survive with us on our planet unless they were to change our planet in some fundamental way. Gastonishs volk boots, along with mine, attracted dust and dirt particles. The soles of our boots could light up with ion light and this was used to sterilize the floor. As Gastonish walked throughout the cave she was also keeping it clean from dust and bacteria. The boots were only activated when we were indoors. The dirt and dust were then compressed into pellets of stone for easy disposal.
When Gastonish began revealing Verticus to me, my volk body began going through many changes. Late at night, I would get extremely painful muscle cramps and I noticed I was getting taller more rapidly, like I was sprouting. Not only was I growing up fast, but my musculature was filling out even faster.
Everyday at school in the afternoon, I would need a shower because my pores had matured, bringing about a distinct body odour. The odour was like ammonia and I could not wash it off no matter how hard I scrubbed. I also was developing bad acne, the size of quarters on my head, upper back, shoulders, and thighs. Another symptom was an irritating itchy sensation of my grey thick skin. My voice began to crack and deepen even further. Lastly, I began experiencing a certain need for companionship. I became very interested in girls. Of course I felt an attraction to volk females, but the human/volk similarities were close enough. Besides, I grew up with humans so I wondered if I would ever feel an attraction for a female volk. The changes taking place were not a mystery, I was experiencing volk puberty. 
Though puberty did not last long for me, I was aware how I was developing my psychic sensitivity or awareness. It was not easy, but I was getting better reading into the shadow of other peoples emotions through strict, focused concentration.
It was harder for me to meet humans at their level and befriend them. As my moody affects of puberty wound down, I managed them and became more patient and at ease with people. Evon never gave up on me through my stubborn changes and attitude. Our sessions of subconscious therapy really paid off. I grew to become so satisfied with our progress, I stuck with it to the end. It turned out to not only be useful but enjoyable, I didnt want it to stop. 
My core consciousness was soon completely balanced once again and I returned to my old, happy-go-lucky self. Still, with many instances, as soon as I would make new friends, I would struggle to keep them around. Deep down I became repulsed at most true natures of the human kind. A great deal of effort was needed as Evon coached me at tolerating human behaviour. My new calm composure and coolness was my tool to developing better skills at keeping friends. 
My most memorable childhood friend was a native boy from town. He treated me like a human being, or rather, a decent being. His name was Kinta Beukemwa. When I first started to find out what kind of person he was, he told me briefly the story of what the circumstances were which brought him to the Island.
Dawning a black head band, Kinta Beukemwa dressed like everyone else. Usually Kinta wore a thin sleeveless jean jacket over a T-shirt which usually advertised 'AC/DC'. His clothes hung loosely over his thin lanky frame. Long jet black hair complimented his dark skin, eyes and eye brows. Kinta seemed to always wear a dazzling white smile which attracted many young friends to his equally young complexion.
The only ties to his native background was found in his simple necklace of earthy beads of green, rusty reddish browns and greys. On his right wrist Kinta wore an assortment of leather bracelets, while on his left wrist a wide brown leather band was fashioned with a watch set into it and he had it held together with a large brass belt buckle.
Kinta had no knowledge of his childhood. All he remembered was being cared for by military personnel at a base in Canada. His past was a mystery. Was foul play involved on the militarys part? Most likely there was, Kinta speculated. The strangest part of his situation was how he was found on the military complex hiding in the boiler room. Upon the discovery of Kinta, his body was infected with a rare but deadly complex virus. Kintas body was thin, bruised and lifeless, but since the time he was discovered by the military, our nation's efforts were successful at containing the virus so it was no longer lethal or contagious, though it had never been neutralized or extracted. Kinta was still expected to take countless medications to fight off the viruss affects. If any symptoms of the virus were to resurface, Kinta would immediately be quarantined again. Just recently Kinta was re-evaluated and released from his sterile confinements. The consequences brought him to this Knolix Island to protect, treat and cure his secret.

As the busy year continued on, marching past with no concerns to our current situation, my mother and I worked obscurely and relentlessly, behind the scenes. Our efforts, within the cave, developed with every visit. We were unable to properly preserve the dismembered anatomy of the original Zandith Crockmior L/X. This became a problem because the salvaged parts were meant to be used as food stuff for the growing larva life boat. Without a proper method to keep the spare parts frozen, they were spoiled. 70% of the synthetic insect meat had to be discarded and thrown out. 
However, as difficult as this obstacle was, Gastonish found a way around it. Throughout Gastonishs endless studies using the romstrunn, she learned how insects of earth were chemically denied a chromosome which would allow them to grow substantially larger. The romstrunn contained detailed complex instructions for how to emit the restrictive chemical and free the dormant chromosome. Within a sterile laboratory section of the cave, Gastonish performed the operation on the newly conceived insect eggs of various bugs. The tools she used were identical to the ones documented in the instructions of the romstrunn and created by the metal manipulative power of my lintin. Evidently, contrast to all of the problems, Gastonish and I shared, we began to realize it would not be long before we would complete the end stages of our work and finally be on our way home.

It wasn't clear how, but some ants, flies, mice and lizards were able to find their way into the cave on occasion. We weren't sure who our next unexpected guest would be.
On one occasion a gecko appeared near the cocoon of the Zandith Crockmior life boat. Neither of us noticed it until it moved because it had blended into the surrounding crystals and rocks so perfectly. Gastonishs eyes grew wide as she looked upon the gecko. The small lizard, with bulbous eyes lashed out it's long tongue and plucked an insect from Gastonish's collection displayed on a table. 
Gastonish didn't flinch, nor did she show any signs of frustration. Looking at the gecko for the longest time, Gastonish finally revealed her thoughts as she said, There are a large variety of reptiles on this world. Do you know, I could mend aspects of DNA like human, frog and lizard to create a new species of intelligent reptiles? They could be humanoid in appearance with your choice of variables like size, scales, horns or your choice of wings. In fact, I could easily cross link insect DNA or better yet combine mammal, reptile and insect. The possibilities for the results are endless and all the choices could be yours to make. With all of the variety of life, I could contrive any number of new subspecies. So many already use frequency as communication like chirping birds, barking dogs or buzzing insects. I could give them whatever level of intelligence we wish.
Arent you worried you will also create a God complex for yourself as a result? Feeling as comfortable as I was in the presence of my mother, I often spoke my mind.
All people mimic God in one form or another everyday. Gastonish reminded me.
I think we should just keep true to our mandate and concentrate on the insects since the creation of some reptilian sub species will not contribute to our plans of returning to the Ide era. Any deviation from what we need to do will just slow us down. I tried to be sensitive as I explained though it was apparent I was less than successful.
Dropping the idea of medaling with the DNA of earthen creatures, Gastonish never spoke about it again.

On the verge of celebration, at the age of eight, which was equal to the human age of eighteen or nineteen, I was beginning to feel more daring. I still felt a strange feeling every time I was near Sally Coppler. She was my first crush. To me, Sally was like venturing into a hidden valley filled with natural beauty, a paradise, unspoiled by human hands. It had always been there, waiting for me to discover. I didn't feel like I was a whole person unless I was near Sally. In those instances, I had a very difficult time expressing my feelings. If I were to act, my choices were endless, but the consequences were usually the same, and not all were positive. It was like Evon would have to start its emotional therapy on me from the beginning. Over analyzing the situation prevented me from having the confidence to ask Sally out. Even though I had a hard time expressing my feelings to her, I decided to put all of my feelings aside, and simply focus on asking Sally out on a date, no matter the outcome. I had to leave it up to fate, if fate were possible.
All day at school, I was looking for the right moment. Every time I thought the moment was golden, I would either pause too long or some other distraction would take place and interfere; a loud noise, or a fellow student would show up or some other diversion of the like. 
Whether a phobia or not, I had a good idea the government was keeping a close watch on me, so I searched for opportunities to play inconspicuous games. Mr. Dalton would have guest speakers come to our schoolhouse classroom like NICAP scientists with peculiar theories, high ranking military air-force and infantry men suggesting battle tactics and astronauts from NASA, whom I would take a special interest in talking to. 
Domin had some very curious comments about strategies, especially the ones concerning the military. It was as though he had experience in the matter.
If I disapproved with the ideas or intentions of our guests, I would miss lead them with interlaced variations of truthful possibilities or misguided viewpoints. But usually, I would provide pages of information for them to consider. Like the time I almost gave away the mathematic solution to create a controlled chrystalic electro-magnetic field. What it would do, was create an impenetrable field to any size, shape and form. Though they were super interested, I could never give away any information of the device which would be needed to direct the encrypted computer command information and electro-magnetic currents through the crystals. 
I was always careful not to give too much information. My mother and I were worried about unknowingly causing change to the future. However, I always believed we began altering the future the moment we came out of the Genation nebula and co-existed with this present past. I believed, if we altered the course of a single photon of light, the future would forever after be changed.

The lunch bell rang and I felt it was my big chance to win the love of my teen age dream girl. I followed her outside. I would have walked with her, but she was with her friends. I watched her all lunch hour, almost spying, waiting for a chance to talk to her alone, but of course she stuck with her friends all lunch hour. In the classroom I felt very confident I could ask her out right then and there. I stood up out of my desk and walked over to her. She looked up to me with her dreamy innocent green eyes. I drew a blank and asked, Is your pen leaking?
No, She replied with a slight giggle.
You can borrow mine if it does. I offered awkwardly.
I never felt so stupid in my entire life. I went back to my desk while everyone was snickering and laughing at me. I sat with my head down and felt like it was over. She would never go out with me now. I thought, Not only does she see an ugly, lumpy, grey kid, but he makes stupid comments too. With my head down on the desk, I let out a deep breath to clear my mind so I could relax.
Eddy? Whispered a female voice. I jerked my head, snapping it to the right and fixed my eyes on Sally. She was smiling at me and sent electricity through my twin spines. She looked at me, before she whispered, My pen is broken, could you fix it?
My heart skipped a beat. She tossed me her pen and I tossed her mine. When I examined her pen, I found the ball point was missing. It seemed strange the pen wasn't leaking ink. I opened the pen where it was threaded together at the center to examine the ink cylinder inside, but the pen was stuffed with paper, and the ink cylinder was missing. I unfolded the paper, and found a note addressed to me, which read;        
                                 
Eddy,

Thanks for the offer, it was really sweet, 
but next time you want to ask me something, 
don't hesitate. 
No need to beat around the bush.

P.S. Do you think you can help me with the ten questions for chapter five?    
          
Truly yours, 

Sally C.

That powerful feeling surged through the fibers of my body again, where I felt like I could change the world. My smile stretched from ear to ear. I had a very noticeable blue blush. The embarrassment of my facial expression was uncomfortable for the last half hour of class but I was not capable of wiping the grin off my face.
Domin looked around the room at the laughing students. Unable to figure out what everyone was laughing at, Domin said, What? What're all you goofballs laughing at? Between looking around at each of the laughing students, Domin would pause and stare at me suspiciously.
A very good question, Domin. I missed the joke. Would one of you care to let me in on it? When Mr. Dalton addressed the students, everyone tried to snuff out their laughter with awkward giggles and smirks. Impatient with the silliness, Mr. Dalton resumed his lesson.
Kinta was the only one who did nothing to conceal his smile, but a bright display of teeth was common for him. 
Though the other students didnt know what prompted the smirk on my face, they continued to inconspicuously laugh behind Mr. Daltons back. 
After school, I engaged my secret plan to woo Sally into being my girl. Following Sally as she walked home, I waited until she was out of the schools sight so not to have anyone start rumours. I purposely missed my ride for this reason. Doubt began to enter my mind like an intruder and I started to feel like I couldn't go through with it. That was when I pushed myself into running up to her and starting a conversation.
H-hi Sally, I quivered as I noticed I startled her a little. 
Oh, hi Eddy, do you live down here? Sally spoke with such innocence in her voice.
No, -ah- I live the other way. I pointed behind me with my thumb. 
Eddy, are you walking me home? Was it that obvious? I wondered.
What?... Me? Nnnnooo. I-um, well-ya, I mean, yes. I thought I could help you with those ten questions of chapter five.
Oh, thank you, Eddy, this is great. Her eyes gleamed and her face seemed to glow like the sun. We walked for a long while as I babbled about the home work questions. At a glance, I realized she wasn't really paying attention to me.
You have a long way to walk each day. I noticed, trying to be sincere.
Ya, it seems no matter where I live its never close to the school. Sally told me.
I rubbed the back of my neck uncomfortably when I asked, Sally, I often wondered what it was that brought you and your family to this Island? A moment of silence made me regret asking the question. You don't have to answer if you feel the question is too personal.
Well, it is personal.
I'm sorry. I dropped my head to find a quick topic to redeem the conversation.
Its okay, I guess. she giggled uncomfortably, I'm a hacker. One day I was following up on a rumour I over heard through a highly secured Internet chat-line. It took me into secure government files. It was just for fun. I mean, all I wanted to do was to see just how far I could get. I was just about to give it up when I found a small opening through a back file. I was in. I found myself in forbidden territory. I began to down-load as many files as I could. Some information was about this Island. Something is going on here. Something more than you and I can see and Im not sure what it is... yet.
I agree. I too have a bad feeling about this place. Looking around suspiciously, I found nothing out of the ordinary. 
Anyway, the hack was totally exciting, until a warning began to flash on my monitor. An immaculate government picture, like a flag filled my screen. A small framed picture appeared at the top left corner of the screen. It was of a decorated general or someone of the sort, and it moved in video. It said, You have violated government protective files. You are under arrest. I was shocked and didn't remember exactly but the general on the screen began talking about how it was impossible to escape and how I was in big trouble. I jumped back from my computer and called my parents in the hopes they could miraculously set things right again. Evidently, we were all arrested and interrogated. Somehow, they knew exactly what files I breached, despite my efforts to lie and cover up my tracks. Ironically, the consequences of my actions led us here to this strange Island, the very Island I was hacking into. I don't believe my parents will ever forgive me. She turned her head away from me shamefully. So why are you here? Her voice cracked under the question.
I am a government secret. I said, though it seemed rather obvious to me. Are you okay? Concerned, I placed my hand on her shoulder.
She turned quickly and my hand dropped. Of course. Sally threw her arms around me.
What government files did you stumble into anyway?
Chuckling slightly Sally slid away, You've got some nerve. On the defense Sally wiped her eyes with her fingers. You think I'm going to disrupt my parole this way?
How can you affect your parole when it is only the two of us here?
Only the two of us, Eddy? Ya, right. She obviously believed we were surrounded with surveillance equipment with numerous spies among us. Only, I didn't believe there were people hiding in the bushes. However, I couldn't rule out the means of monitoring us through other ways. I didn't want to worry about it.
How well do you think you know me? I can detect when others are watching us. Be sure, you are safe with me. I told her straight up and there was another moment of silence. Friends? she turned and glanced at me. Her face was stern and cold. What had I done? Was I at a dead end or a turning point? I decided to throw in all of my chips. I stopped and bent down, before I picked a four leaf clover. I asked Sally to stop and open her hand. Delicately, I pulled the four leaf clover apart, placing the petals into the palm of Sallys hand.
This one is for your loyalty, this one is for your innocence, this one is for your trust, and this one is for your... love.
She looked up at me and for a moment we studied each others eyes. Oddly, she said, Your shoe laces are untied.
I glanced down and sure enough she was right. Bending down to tie my steel toed boot, Sally kissed me on the cheek. My cheeks blushed in a baby blue color. I could feel a shadow of her love for me, and I knew it was real. Her eyes locked me in. I couldnt break free, nor did I want to. Sunlight smote through the trees and lit her hair like an aura. Such a memory will stay with me forever. The moment was perfect and fresh. Even the wind delicately blew passed us bringing more life to her dancing sun lit hair.
We walked around a turn in the road. The heavy forest of growth created a domed hallway over our path. 
We came to an old bridge built of stone. It was very solid under our feet and the ivy vines which grew upon it from the brook below couldnt have been more beautiful in my dreams. She stopped and we leaned over the edge and looked down at the small trickling creek. The tranquility of the babbling water was relaxing to us both. Examining the vines, I followed their climb up the stones and over the edge of the arches below us.
Watch this. She said. She opened her hand with the clover petals, and in a deep breath, she blew the clovers away into the stream. I thought she was trying to be a little poetic, but I felt there was something wrong with this poetry. I gave her a questioning look, and she smiled in delight, so I figured I misunderstood her intentions. I shamefully thought she was blowing away her loyalty, innocence, love, and trust.
She seemed happy to be with me, but I began to bring my own feelings into question. I felt as though I didn't belong. Mostly, I didn't know how to describe my feelings, but I was uncomfortable. Was it because she was a human and I was a volk? I walked her to her house and said good-bye. I thought I could feel her emotions switch from love, to disgust, to hiding secrets and wishing she was somewhere else. My added confusion only fueled my frustration. I believe I concealed my discomforts well, however it was not easy to know if my intuitions were correct. I was such a beginner at reading peoples emotions without the assistance of my sertz, I couldnt be sure if my senses were attuned enough.

When the weekend arrived, I slept all day Saturday though thoughts of Sally made it difficult for me to go to sleep at first. I was still bothered as to what she may have meant by blowing away the four-leaf clover. I tried to shake it from my mind but my thoughts would relentlessly come back to it time after time. I struggled with whether or not I should pursue Sally. I was a volk with plans to cross a great distance through space and time. Most likely, I would never return. Yet could she be reason enough for me to stay? I went over and over the possibilities coming to no viable solution. Finally, Evon helped me nod off and I slipped away into my full day of dreams. 
Sunday morning awoke with a scent of mystery in the air. I observed from our living room window how every morning dew drop had captured the light of the young golden sun. Gastonish invited me to sit outside with her while we enjoyed a hot cup of tea and welcomed the new day. The dew drops were losing their twinkle, while Gastonish and I continued talking and relaxing on the front porch. In the distance, the sound of horse hooves came clomping lazily through a nearby path. Both, Gastonish and I honed in on the muffled echo, perking up simultaneously. Before the sound of the trotting horse passed us by, it distinctly became louder. Surely, the rider was coming our way, when sure enough, through the thick forest two horses appeared. Sally, was surprisingly riding a brown horse with a white mark on its nose. She was holding the leather reins attached to the harness of a black horse which was close behind her. I stood up on the porch when she approached.     
The black horse neighed.
Hi Sally, what brings you all the way over here and with an extra horse? The sight of Sally made me so happy inside.
I was just passing through. Sally went on, How would you like to go riding? She asked with a shy smile. 
A horse? I've never rode a horse before.
Its easy, I'll lead.
I walked near to the horse and it backed away slightly. Sally threw me an apple. I caught it and offered it out to the horse with an open palm. It was the first time I fed a horse and it felt great. When the horse trusted me, I climbed onto its silky, black, muscular hide. The horse stumbled a little as it tried to get used to my weight. I was heavy, but the strong steed proved it could handle me, though Im sure I maxed out its load capacity. I waved to Gastonish, and she smiled and waved back to me. I saw approval in my mother's eyes. 
Sally and I rode very high along the steep mountain side on a very narrow path. We traveled up the cone shaped mountain, further than the trail. From our height, I could see for miles. We had been riding for about an hour.
Sally? I asked patiently, How far do you plan on taking me?
Well, She started, I've brought a pack with me loaded with food. I was hoping you wouldn't mind if we made a whole day of this.
I stopped the horse, climbed off, and walked to the edge of a cliff and gazed out at the view below.
Somehow, I didn't feel right. I was very uncomfortable like a chill ran through my body, penetrating right to my bones. I turned to her to say something, when Sally's smile changed to concern. I could see how happy she was, thinking we could have some sort of relationship. It was a crazy idea though. We were just too different. I was futuristic and from that point of view, Sally was prehistoric.
Sally dismounted from her horse and walked toward me. When Sally opened her arms to give me a hug, I pushed her away, gently.
Sally, I began, I hope you aren't trying to start something here between us. I like you, a lot, but just as a friend. You would probably be better off with someone who is more human. You would probably be happier too. You see, I feel like I am trapped within a costume and I just want to take it off for you and be the human boyfriend you deserve. I would be a volk-friend and that just doesnt sound right. Does it sound right to you? Sally dropped her head for a moment but when she looked back up at me her eyes were welling up. I explained further, I am lost. I'm at a cross roads of my life and I need to make some very important decisions. I am sorry, Sally, it just can't work between us.
Sally was about to say something, but before she could, I reached up and took her hand in my own. Her hand was so much smaller than mine and the pink color of it really stood out against my greyish blue hue. I looked at our hands, before I covered her hand with my other. My gaze lifted and met Sally's sad eyes before I said. Good-bye.
Sally's hand slipped out of mine, before I turned and jumped off the cliff. I was only about ten feet away from the rocks of a small pit below. I leapt down another ten feet to the next step, and onward to another. Landing safely on a sloping base of stones, I ran with wide strides across the boulder tops disappearing into the woods. Watching Sally from a safe distance, I made sure she was able to walk the two horses back down the mountain to where it was safe. Moving like a race car at full throttle, I didn't stop running like a thunder through the jungle until I was home again.

I know, leaving the way I did was not cool, but I had to stop the relationship before it started. It was simply for the best. I began to regret how insensitive I was to Sallys feelings when I saw how hurt she was the next day at school. I did everything I could to avoid her. Rumor reached my ears how she gave some story to my buddy Kinta. Kinta felt sorry for Sally. He comforted her, before he fell head over heels for her. Sally was happy all over again. Well, she must have really wanted a boyfriend for her to snag Kinta as quickly as she did. I sure hoped volk girls were different.
Kinta and Sally believed I had no idea about their secret relationship for about two days. They were kissing in the class when we were celebrating a students fourteenth birthday.
I learned, trust was a rare fruit. What I knew in my mind began to conflict with what I felt in my heart. My eyes found it hard to look at Sally and Kinta, yet it was harder still to look away. Trust was the most important basis for a standing long lasting relationship. Though I was the one who put an end to a relationship with Sally, I couldn't shake the feeling how she had betrayed me somehow. Jealousy revealed so much of myself to myself. Love cannot survive if trust begins to weaken, for love and trust go hand in hand. I was the problem. Not only did I not trust Sally, I didnt trust myself. If trust could not be strengthened, how was love to survive? How could I have been so blind?
'Perhaps I was in love with her.'

I didn't know how much she meant to me until she was gone...

Chapter 7

As the young night grew into the first hour of morning, Darkness surrounded us and strange sounds of the sleeping forest broke the silence continually. Gastonish and I quietly crept out of our home and followed our sertz into the woods. By the lights of the eyes of our little sertz we were led through a path to the hiding place where we kept our gear. Branches of trees, tropical leaves and vines appeared from the darkness in the red glowing eyes of the small sertz.
Xonox led Gastonish and I to where we hid our gear. It was their in a six foot deep cavern of sheer rock walls where it was obvious a great rock had split in two. The cavern took us between the wide expanse of rock. Gastonish had to move some sizable stones to get at the items hidden within. The romstrunn, lintin, boots and hickoop disks. We let our uniforms slink and dress onto us. Gastonish and I had to move quickly because our volk suits gave too much light in the extreme darkness. We proceeded to use our hickoop transports. With these devices of compact energy spheres, we traveled through the sky so fast, it was like a flash of lightning lit the sky from one end to the other. Though we could fool the naked eye, it was a growing concern which the military and air force might investigate. We were transported in a flash to the cave once again.
My hickoop bubble of energy disappeared like the pop of a bubble. Gastonishs pink hickoop also disappeared when the power was shut off. We folded up the hickoop frames into their disk forms. The available moonlight was adequate for us. The air was cooler at the cave with a wind strong enough to be unpleasant for human standards. Gastonish and I rolled the boulder to the side so we could enter the caves corridor. Closing the entrance behind us, the corridor led us to the main inner sanctum. We set out on our regular routine. This routine consisted of surveying the progress of the Zandith Crockmior life-boat. I checked its growth for any visual defects, listened for a pulse by placing my ear against the outer wall of the cocoon. Next, I had to physically and visually inspect the integrity of the cocoons structure. Temperature, smell and color were all in normal healthy ranges. Everything checked out fine.
Meanwhile, Gastonish checked on the insects we were growing. She prepared to feed them. We had Mosquitoes, honey-bees, male and female red and black ants, caterpillars, beetles, an assortment of spiders, cockroaches and cicadas. Each species was kept separate and enclosed within the twelve smaller chambers which surrounded the base of the spacious main inner area of the crystal lit cave where the cocoon for the life-boat stood tall and ominous. Between the main room and each of the separate smaller rooms were access hallways about six feet in length. Over the course of time Gastonish and I collected junk metal pieces, construction tools, and other related scrap metal items. We piled items inside the cave. When we needed to build something, we would carry the items inside to the main chasm. Applying the power of the lintin, we melted and forged large solid doors. In order to enter one of the separate bug chambers, one had to pass through two sets of doors which were at either end of the short hallway. The two sets of doors served as a means to keep the insects from escaping its chamber. The sertz were quite capable of herding the insects back into their chamber if ever they managed to escape.

During several routine check-ups, I couldn't stop thinking about Sally. I snapped out of my dream state when Gastonish needed my attention. Gastonish was the strongest person I knew. I approached my mother.
I want to find a job tomorrow. I suggested, but Gastonish did not look up from the romstrunn. This way we will have more money than the government gives us. What do you think?
This idea of yours, to find a job? I don't think it agrees with the governments plan for you. Where are you going to look?
Well, I will try the lumber yard in town, Lugger Lumber. A hearty answer came forth with confidence. Though Gastonish wondered if I was attempting to be humorous.
Oh, don't be silly, Eddy. You're too young. They won't hire a child.
I am seven years old and stronger than anyone there. All I have to do is convince them to give me a chance. Besides if you convert my volk age to a humans age, I am old enough to drive.
Gastonish shook her head and turned away from me as she cleared her throat. After a moment of silence, we just left the conversation the way it was, and called it a night.

With no written application, or any such previous preparation, I entered the office of the Lugger Lumber yard. The door chimed when it opened before it closed heavily behind me. The office was filled with tools and other artifacts of the trade. To my left was a man digging through various bins of nails. He was the last to look up and notice me. Standing at the front desk were two men who decided not to continue their conversation at the sound of the closing door. The youngest fellow of the men stood behind the counter with his eyes and mouth wide open. It was like I was standing within a snap shot with everyone frozen in place. All eyes were locked and focused on me. 
Ah, hi I'm Eddy, I would like to apply for a job. I stated with a wave of my hand. The men began to laugh. 
What is this? asked the man on the left who pointed and chuckled, A joke?
The man in the middle approached me. Ahh, hi, uh, my name is Jack. Did you get authorization to apply for a job here by one of the Islands officials?
No. I answered awkwardly.
I don't know if you wanted a laugh out of us or if you are serious, but, ah, we don't need any help at the moment. He spoke very slow and slurred most of his words. You should leave your resume with us before you go. Thanks for stopping by.
Is there someone I can talk to who is in charge? I was persistent, I am very serious.
Oh, well, I am the uh, manager. Jack said with a slight quiver in his  voice.
I hope you haven't decided to not hire me because of my appearance.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, now slow down before you start making a speech. We do not discriminate. He put one hand on my shoulder, smiled and gave a slight squeeze to my shoulder plate.
What is that? Jack squeezed my shoulder plates in several places as he examined me. It sure ain't no muscle.
I am not exactly human, by your standards, but when it comes to muscle, I'm the real deal.
Well, I was not ready for this encounter at all. If you don't mind, I need to make a quick phone call. Jack approached the counter, Why dont you guys get to know one another a little bit? And be courteous. Jack dropped his voice to a whisper. He didnt think I could hear him but I could. Be very courteous. I dont want any trouble. Jack turned back to me for a moment and smiled smugly. He went into a small office and closed the door. No doubt, he had standard operating protocol and procedures in place to report strange and unusual sightings, especially when it came to volks. Likely, he had to contact the Island officials for something as simple as administration clearance. When Jack returned he smiled and took me on a tour of the yard. I was asked some questions about their stock of lumber products. I was surprised at how limited my knowledge was as I could not answer all of the questions. Regardless of my lack of knowledge, I was hired on the spot.
My second day at Lugger Lumber yard was my first full day of work. I started at entry level for the job, though I was offered more I insisted to not only be fair but to be treated fairly. I emptied garbage and kept the yard neat. While I was picking up metal bands from wood stacks and straightening up any mess the military contractors left behind, I memorized the different kinds of wood and their measurements. Casually, I worked around the other employees and spoke to each one. Usually, they wanted to see something of my strength in action, so I would lift something heavy until Jack came out and pointed his finger at us, warning us not to use excessive force which might be unsafe. He did not want to see anyone get hurt. 
As I was cleaning in the office, small talk allowed me to get to know Claire, the secretary. She was a very well mannered lady who always had a story to tell no matter who walked into her office. 

I had a special ability to sense a persons talent even if the person couldnt see it for themself. When I spoke to the people, they felt I was really speaking to them on their level, connecting to them as I authentically cared for each one. On the Knolix Island the citizens began to shine with their own special abilities. I built a stage where I could lead people to find their talent. The citizens of the Knolix Island's small town of Scamp discovered they were writers, directors, comedians, actors, public speakers, singers, DJs, dancers. All sorts of talents were discovered, encouraged and shared. 
One of my other passions was the development of beautiful landscapes for people where I easily worked all night. When property owners woke up in the morning, they were surprised to find inspiring landscapes of art which were customarily unique for the specific person I was working for. In most cases, the Island folk found the new paths and sitting areas in places where it was too steep, over grown, rocky or otherwise unusable. The people told me I was a creative genius.
The Island people seemed to love me, because my presence had a way of making everyones life better, but I knew, not everyone was happy with me. For example, Sally wasn't speaking to me though I redid the yard of her parents home with priority. Even Domin had a grudge, but Gastonish told me I would never be able to make people like me.

After my first day of entry level work at Lugger Lumber, Jack decided he wanted to see more of me, out in the yard. I was sent out to find Pete, the forklift driver who wasn't in the day before.
Jack? I asked, There must be about four fork-lifts out in the yard, how will I know who Pete is?
Oh, heh, heh. Chuckled Jack under his breath, Just go out and listen. Whoever is yelling and cursing the most is Pete.
Not a very dependable description, regardless, I set out to find its accuracy. I quickly put on some custom fit work gloves and shy as I was, slowly walked out into the yard. To my left I saw a young boy on a forklift, dormant, and tapping a calculator. I didn't know if he was working out a problem or wasting time, but I was positive his name was not 'Pete.'
I looked far to the left of the yard where I could hear a very loud voice, but it was not cursing. The man behind the voice was older than the others and much happier. He was singing very loud opera songs. I walked over to him through the dusty yard and asked, Could you tell me where Pete is? I guess he did not hear me, so I asked again yelling in an attempt to throw my voice over the noise of both the fork-lifts powerful diesel engines and the cranked music of his radio.
Excuse me, could you tell me where Pete is?!!! I hollard. The forklift was in need of a new muffler.
He jerked his head toward me, raised his eye brow above his widened eye, and studied me for a moment. He spoke, Go look over by the 2 by 6 number 3 piles. I could hardly hear what he said over the motors unending burp.
What?!!! I yelled. He began yelling words at me as he revved up his engines so I could not hear. He pointed to the end of the yard. As he drove away, he began to laugh in an animated cartoon sort of way.
I was surprised when I arrived at the back of the yard and met Pete. I knew it was him right away. Blast marak lan arashted san flanken merl blank lanken! He was yelling and cursing as he rammed the forklift into a pile of wood and spun the tires. The forks were not going to go in any further. The gravel and dirt were quickly being removed from under the front tires as they spun. A snap was heard, and the pile collapsed onto his forks nice and neat. He turned and looked at me through his shades and said, I'm awesome.
His beard made up for the bald spot on his head and he seemed well built for a human, except his beer belly kinda clashed.
I am looking for Pete. I took a step toward him.
Pete just held me in his gaze for a moment before he answered, Thats me.
With a dirty under shirt and a worn yellow hard hat, Pete looked like he was likely a biker when he wasn't at work. I wasn't sure if I intimidated him because his mind was somewhat scattered despite his calm composure.
Pete just stared at me like he was trying to figure me out. What kinda Island is this? He spoke very low.
I cocked my head slightly in response to his question, Pardon me? my black eyes called for a response and I knew he was beginning to feel uncomfortable.
Pete quickly snapped to attention, Oh, um, Whats your name? He smiled brightly and asked politely.
Eddy, Eddy Evon.
Well Eddy, I guess I should tell you a little bit about the yard. He snorted with a smirk. Jack is an idiot! Trent doesn't think! Darren only knows numbers! Burl is the owners son, so you can expect him to act like one. The only ones you should ever trust or listen to is either me or Charley.
Just take it easy, Pete. I can decide who I can trust all by myself. Pete needed to know I was not about to be controlled by him or anyone else.
Once again, Pete smiled with a toothy grin which seemed to hurt his face because when all his facial muscles bunched up, wrinkles and creases caused his eyes to close tightly. Just stick with me, you'll be all right.
The way Pete was talking made me wonder just how much I could trust him. One thing I learned was if a human told you to trust them, raise a red flag.
Eddy, Pete moved a pile of papers away from beside him. Hop on! The empty room beside him was not very big. Come on, Spot! Hop, hop. Called Pete, when I hesitated.
I hopped on beside him and asked. Did you just call me, Spot?
Ya. He replied as we drove off along the back piles. We bounced over deep pot holes and I thought I was going to be thrown from the machine. Maybe later you can fill in some of those holes I've left. Pete said before we continued bouncing over more large holes.
We came around a corner of the last row and at the end of the isle was the teenager, still plucking his calculator as if in a daze.
Trent! Pete shouted at the boy. Trent raised his head slowly to respond. Can't you figure out simple math? How many lineal feet are you looking for? 
Trent was very young, just barely out of school. He had mussed up sandy blond hair and bucked teeth. The look in Trent's eyes was like he really wanted to be somewhere else, anywhere else.
Sixty eight. With tired mannerism Trent answered Pete.
Well, you have seventy in that pile in front of you. Hurry up, you should have been finished an hour ago. Pete was not the boss, but he sure liked to act like one. Loser! I heard him breathe under the noise of his forklift. Thats Trent, Pete reminded me, Other people suffer from normal things like drinking problems. Trent suffers from math problems.
We pulled up to an open bundle of 2 by 6s. So, do you plan on working in the yard for the rest of your life? Pete asked me.
I'm not sure, maybe. I replied with uncertainty. How about you, Pete? Do you have a unique idea or venture you wish to chase?
Actually, ya, I've been trying to invent a way to strip bark off logs, right after they fall. I could end up with a lot of bucks if I pulled it off. Pete held up his wrist to see the time. He wiped away the mud from the watch face and said, Its time to feed Rex.
We parked the forklift in front of the office. Give me a second. Pete spat.
He went into the office for a moment. When he came back he was carrying a very large bag labeled Kibblies. The dried dog food bag seemed too awkward for him to carry so I swiftly plucked it out of his arms. Pete had no objections when I assisted him. He led me around the corner beside the office to a dog house. Pete said, Stay here.
He proceeded cautiously to the dog dish. When he started to fill the bowl, the noise of dried dog food on plastic woke up the dog. Silently and forcefully, Rex burst out of the dog house. When it realized it was Pete feeding him, he opened his mouth to pant and it wagged its tail. When Rex looked beyond Pete and noticed me, I guess he could sense my fear, because he began hacking and waving his head around vigorously. 
Rex had the appearance of a real old dog, but as sickly as it looked, it still had a fierceness about it. With dark fur, some grey patches were growing through. Even I was scared at Rex in part because he was such a large dog. 
In response to the strange coughing Rex seemed to be doing, I asked. What is he doing?
Hes barking at you. Pete humorously explained. He got into some cleaning chemicals from the bathroom one day, almost killed him. Luckily he only lost his voice. We kept him because he makes a great guard dog, like a shy fart, he's silent but deadly.
We watched for a moment while the rugged guard dog chomped on its dinner. For the rest of the day I helped Pete fill orders.

Later that day, Gastonish and I made our way back to the cave where I looked up at the tall cocoon built for the Zandith Crockmior life-boat. It looks like the life-boat is about to break out of its cocoon any moment. Are you sure we have to wait as long as you predict? I mean, is there any possibility it can be ready in the next few days? An anxious wave came over me as I wasn't sure if I wanted to leave my home on earth.
It'll be ready very soon, but there's still more progress to be made. The blond Gastonish answered. Besides, after the life-boat has broken out of its cocoon, it must eat all of the insects I've prepared for it. If we rush ahead, or miss a step it might jeopardize our mission. I want to start out as strong as possible or we will lessen our chances of returning to Verticus successfully. She walked over to a cluttered work table and sat down on a stool. As she tinkered with the insect growth stimulating equipment, it was obvious she was in deep thought. She would perform an attempt to go home and she would orchestrate it all to perfection.
I wanted to tell her about the progress I made with regards to my new job, but she was just too busy and focused on the goal of returning home. My good news would just have to wait.
For all intents and purposes, the Zandith Crockmior still looked like a monstrous wasp to me. I found it fascinating how growing this insect would lead to our space craft and our means of taking us to our home world crossing an unbelievable expanse of space and time.
                                
The school week went by quickly. I worked at the lumber yard every day after class. When the weekend came, I could devote myself to a full day of work. I planned to start my day of sleep immediately after work so I could awaken sometime late Sunday. I walked into the office of the lumber yard and punched in. Darren was the only one there. We said our good mornings to start the day as I tried on the new boots which the company designed for me. They seemed like strong and sturdy boots, except they seemed more military somehow rather than the regular work wear style everyone else wore.
Once again, we're in for another slow weekend. Darren started in a mumble. Lately business has been very slow, so I had to find my own entertainment to keep me awake. Come on, Darren waved his hand for me to follow. 
We walked outside, just as a pigeon swooped down and dive bombed Darrens head. I tried to wave it away, as Darren went into a jerk like fit waving his arms in defense as though a flock was attacking him. The pigeon flew back up onto the beams of the ceiling and cooed. The other pigeons who were perched on the beams joined in with the mocking symphony of pigeon song, or was it an audience of laughing fans.
I hate those little varmints. Darren was more than frustrated as he tried to wipe the white pigeon poop out of his bushy brown hair with his hand. Darren shook his head. He bent down and picked up a small piece of metal, perfectly square, Four by four inches. He looked at me and began to talk like a teacher. I tried not to focus on the white that still remained in his hair. These are used on the corners of each wood bundle to protect it when they strap it down for transport. When we receive our product, these metal things collect on the ground and become nothing but useless junk; unless you use your imagination.
He threw it, snapping his wrist like the metal was a small throwing star. It spun through the air like a deadly weapon. As it spun it tilted and swerved to the left. By the centrifical force, all its own, it tilted back and swerved to the right. Gaining speed it quickly burrowed its sharp edged corner into a bundle of 2 by 8s.
See? Darren motioned with his hand, They're like throwing stars! He bent down and picked up a handful more of the little metal square sheets. I was impressed how he switched character. I thought for sure he was angry and wanted to throw the metal at the birds but now it seemed the birds were the last things on his mind.
You know, thats a pretty good shot. You've got a lot of kick in your arm. I complimented Darren as I curled my own arm tight and slapping it. 
Well, here. Darren persisted, holding out a metal square for me. Take a swing.
He handed me a couple of the metal plates. I don't know about this, Darren. I-I mean won't somebody love to wrap our knuckles for this?
No, don't worry about it. One of your jobs today will be to pull them out with a pair of pliers. Darren had a point. Saturdays do not have a reputation for being busy. I gave into the temptation and threw one of the small metal squares with a giant swing of my arm. The power and driving effort I put into my pitch wafted a powerful amount of wind at Darren; and messed up his hair.
Pete and Trent skidded their vehicles into the dusty parking lot. They had been speeding. Trent fell out of the cab of his truck laughing hysterically. Pete, on the other hand, was quite calm and stepped out of his rusty pinto with a very large smile on his face. The way the sun reflected off his cheek bones sure brightened my day.
Darren walked over to the bundle of 2X4s and examined it by wiping his hand over the surface. His metal throwing star had one corner stuck into the wood. He missed entirely. Darren spoke quietly, before something sharp caught his open palm and cut his skin. Ouch! He said as he pulled his hand away. Darren took a closer look, and found a thin line in the bundle, like a slot. Sure enough, the square metal plate had been driven entirely into the wood, except for a little sharp corner. He pushed on his cut and looked at me curiously.
 
Pete glanced down the road, before he shot a terrifying look at Darren and I. Customer!!! Pete shouted.
Quick! Darren said. Make like you're busy. with a wave of his hand, Darren quickly darted off to the office.
Trent headed straight for the forklift and booted the engine into gear. Pete grabbed his lunch pale out of his truck and walked into the yard calmly. I picked up nine twelve foot two by ten firs, hefted them onto my shoulder, and started walking like I had a purpose. 
Everyone stopped for a moment to get an eye full of me carrying the heavy load before they went back to work. Pete and Darren helped the customers write up a healthy order in the office. In under twenty minutes, Pete and I collected a lumber order and loaded it up on the companys one ton truck. I am impressed. Pete said. I have never seen an order of this size completed so quickly before. He smiled and I felt rewarded. I rode with Pete on the forklift and when we came around a corner we found Trent and Darren throwing metal squares at the piles. 
Hey, announced Pete, at the top of his lungs. Get back to work!!! He stomped into the warehouse mumbling, If Harley ever catches you guys doing that...
Pete's words were cut short as a sweet little pigeon decided to defecate on his bald spot. The stunned look in Pete's eyes were full of disbelief before his eyes rolled upward as though he'd be able to confirm the worst. Slowly, Pete placed his hand on his head and swore vigorously when his eyes met the slimy excrement on his fingertips. He turned and looked at us. His face was burning red. Quickly, he dashed into the office. Trent followed, while Darren and I took our time walking toward the office.
Pete swung the door open holding a very large and powerful nail gun. Trent followed behind him with a pellet gun. What do you think you are going to do with that? Darren asked skeptically. Pete had just finished attaching the air hose assembly to the nail gun. Together they began shooting at the birds in the rafters. Trent was laughing, and enjoying himself while shooting. Pete, wearing a Lugger Lumber yard hard hat and safety goggles, wore a very violent expression on his face. 
Pete stopped and said, Boomn flang, this thing jammed on me! he pointed it down at the ground and began messing with its trigger and safety. Pete grabbed a screw driver and jabbed it into the slide track. Then came a distinct mechanical, k-choo sound.
Pete accidentally fired a 6 inch flat head nail into the right foot of my steel toed boot. I fell to the ground and found the metal plate in the boot which was there to protect my toes, was holding the nail firmly in. I knew it was not going to be an easy task to get the nail out, Pete tried, but I yelled in pain and back handed Darren off his feet. Darren landed flat on his back. Oof!
I instinctively picked up the hammer and quickly yanked the nail out. Dark red blood began to ooze out all over and I was frantically trying to take my boot off. No one could help, they wanted to, but it was too dangerous for them to get close to me. When I finally did get my boot off, the blood was spilling out of it.
Water. clearly I called.
Trent, get him some water. Pete ordered.
I'm not getting a thing! Trent defiantly retaliated.
I'll get it. Darren complied as he wiped some dust off his sleeve. The look in his eye was of energized fear. Darren did not hold a grudge for my knocking him to the ground, he just grabbed the rubber hose from the wall and tossed it to me. Quickly turning the valve on maximum, Darren stood by and watched with the intent to do whatever else was needed. 
I was holding the hose clumsily when, water burst all over my chest. I quickly held the mouth of the hose above my foot. The temperature and pressure of the cold water immediately put my foot under excruciating pain. I kept the water on my foot until it went numb.
Leaning toward my foot, I began examining it. Luckily the nail missed the bone. Darren approached me and said, Eddy, take it easy and let me put this bandage on?
The side of his face was puffy and bruised. His nose was bleeding and I asked, What happened to you?
I was trying to get the nail out of your boot and you knocked me about six feet into the air. The heat of attitude steamed off his words. He pointed to the ground behind him with his thumb. 
I don't know what to say... I'm sorry I didn't realize I hurt you over my own pain... Darren said nothing and proceeded to apply the bandage.
We have to stop the bleeding. Trent said. You're a real bleeder, Eddy.
Keep pressure on the bandage, Pete added, Until we get you to a doctor. I am going to bring the truck around. Darren, Trent, youre going to have to help me get him in.
Pete brought the truck with a large cloud of dry dust. Darren and Pete held onto a shoulder each, and Trent held me by the ankles. As they lifted me off the ground, all three grunted and let out giant gusts of air moaning. Everyone seemed to be making a much larger fuss over my weight than I thought was necessary. They looked around from time to time as though they thought someone was watching them.
Man, Darren mumbled, This guy weighs a ton.
Yeah? Well come down here and give it a try. Trent said, stumbling under the pressure of my ankles.
They scuffed their feet and jerked about until we were about halfway to the truck. Put me down. I said. They helped me onto my back. They were grunting and breathing more than I was. I began to wonder who needed medical attention more.
I rolled over onto my stomach and asked, Hey, how about helping a friend to get back onto his feet, huh?
They began to make more absurd noises than before, and they werent even lifting yet. When they did finally lift me up, I placed my left foot down to help support my weight. We jostled our way toward the pick up and they rolled me into the company flat bed truck.
I tuned into a sense of confusion amongst the crew in the cab. As we pulled out, I heard a tone in their voices which confirmed something else was bothering them.
Should we call someone in charge of this Island to come and get Eddy? Trent asked.
No! Pete told Trent. We will be blamed for this for sure, but if we do something to help it will be better than asking for help.
I had no idea who was driving, except who ever it was, he drove very fast with seemingly little control. I was in the back of a racing pick-up truck again, only this time I was going to hang on a lot tighter. The roads in these parts were rarely paved, so we mostly traveled over dirt and pot holes. My right foot bounced and jerked around. I screamed out in pain. It felt as though a solid ball was expanding within my wound. I looked down at my foot and noticed the swelling and dark purple bruise had a hole in the middle of it. I called to Evon, keeping my voice low enough so no one else could hear me. My foot hurts so much, Evon, is there anything you can do to relieve the pain?
I heard Evon speak to me from within my ear. AS YOU WISH LORD, I WILL RELIEVE YOUR PAIN AND SPEED THE HEALING. Slowly, the puncture wound continuously trickled blood all over the deck until my whole foot had a coating of smeared dried blood.
Pete quickly stopped the pick up outside the doctors office. The office was located right in the center of the little town. Scamp was situated within a long narrow of tall cliffs. Within this little pocket, no one could see the town from the sea. Even in the brightest summer days, Scamp seemed dark and the days shorter than they needed to be. Somehow I always detected a musty smell from the tight enclosure of rock when I went to town. The little town of Scamp always reminded me of an old western town only the buildings on either side of the street were built right up against the sheer rock walls. The street lights were always lit with tall street lamps and the windows were softly lit with a cozy orange glow. The front of all the stores were boxy, old and run down. Pete ran in before he quickly ran back out with a man and a stretcher, then Pete jumped up to me on the flat deck. Dr. Evon came out with his eyes wide. He seemed as concerned over me as a father would be over his child who was on his death bed. The doctor handed Pete the end of the stretcher. The two of them slid the stretcher under me. I looked down and noticed at my feet was my old friend, Doctor Evon. I smiled at him and his teeth glistened right back at me.
They carried me directly to a room, grunting, groaning and scuffing their feet in a small but quick rhythm. The men made their way over the wooden front walks which ran down the length of the town on either side of the street. The outside of the doctors office looked like a run down convenient store. The back of the small store was also built against a solid rock cliff. I was carried through the door where I was amazed to see a fancy sterile white medical center. There was much more space within the complex than the run down store outside let on. I was told the Island wanted to preserve its heritage, but I knew the building styles were nothing more than a front. Obviously the medical center was built vastly into the rock cliff and it was loaded with the latest cutting-edge technology of the age.
A nurse entered the room holding a small blue plastic pan containing a yellow transparent liquid. Here, she spoke calmly, Soak your foot in this, it will cleanse your foot from any dirt, bacteria or diseases. Do you know if the nail was rusty?
No, it wasn't. The nail was brand new. Pete answered quickly. A couple of soldiers came out of a door and immediately escorted my work-mates outside. Pete was sweating and had a strange look in his eye, like he was worried about more than just my foot. I hoped he did not feel too responsible for the accident.
Dr. Evon entered with some friends and the nurse left. The doctor quickly began asking me questions. Eddy, how are you doing? Its been a long time.
I'm doing all right, I guess. I paused, Well, except for the recent incident. We both looked down at my foot.
I have already told the nurse to contact your mother, so she should be here within the hour. In the mean time would you mind if I give you a check up? Dr. Evon asked.
Don't you mean a test? Sure, why not? tests were common place for me. People often felt they should ask my permission for things.
Doctor Evon listened to my heart, examined my eyes, ears, nose and throat. He took my blood pressure, a small skin sample and five vials of blood. After taking my measurements with a small tape measure, he did a lot of poking and prodding before he started again with more questions.
Have you been sick at all lately?
No! I answered.
Any broken bones, sprains or deep cuts?
No! I glanced past him and noticed we were not alone. Dr. Evon had a couple of new faces with him. Who are your friends? I asked.
Oh, this is Dr. Steenberg and this is Dr. Hollobuff. They are very interested in meeting with you. I told them you might be interested in discussing some medical barriers with them.
I would be happy to. Lucky for you men I happen to have this little inconvenience just as you were passing through. they were specifically interested in finding some way for my blood to become adapted to human cells so humans might gain in my special abilities. I explained to them how there were some techniques they could try. If no progress was made in the early stages of their tests, it would prove how volk DNA was vastly different from that of a human. The Doctors left both inspired and frustrated.
The door opened and my mother walked in. She looked at me with worried eyes, but when she noticed Dr. Evon, her face lit-up with joy and she welcomed him with a hug.
Doctor Evon. Gastonish said, Its been so long, how are you?
I'm fine, Gastonish. Dr. Evon spoke with a sudden positive mood swing. I have given Eddy a complete examination while his foot was soaking in the anti-bacterial solution. Lets take a look now. Doctor Evon held my foot by the ankle and lifted it out of the solution. My foot was very swollen and bruised with purple and blue shades.
The Doctor remarked on how well the hole in my foot was healing. He never witnessed such rapid results before. The bleeding stopped and Doctor Evon re-bandaged my foot. I was given a large metal crutch to get around on.
Gastonish, if you have a moment I would like to see you in my examination room. Dr. Evon politely gestured with his hand. His tone and influence of professionalism allowed him to get his way with humans many times in the past. But under the pink skin, Gastonish was no human.
If it can wait, perhaps next time. I would like to take Eddy home and look after him. she was determined to protect me instinctively even though no threat was present.
Sorry Gastonish, this can not wait. Gastonish surrendered to the doctors wish. She realized in the past how Dr. Evon out ranked the other doctors. If he wanted you to do something, he would ask. If you didn't do as Dr. Evon asked he would use his military power of influence and he would have you do his bidding anyway. So Gastonish swallowed her fear and followed him into the room.

The next day was Sunday, my day of sleep. My mother used the romstrunn and futuristic suit to completely heal my foot. I was supposed to sleep for the entire day, but at noon, Pete drove into my driveway with Darren and Trent in the back of his pick-up truck. They all hopped out of the truck and pressured my red wigged mother to wake me up. When I got to the door all three of them were there to greet me. They were sincerely concerned for my well-being. Especially Pete, because he felt responsible for shooting me in the foot.
Hi, ya, Eddy. Darren said with a shy wave of his hand.
Eddy, hows the foot? asked Pete with a grin.
Ya, greeted Trent with a tip of his cowboy hat, howre you feeling?
I'm doing all right. I replied, You guys sure are rugged to come down to my place to see how I'm doing.
Thats not the only reason, Eddy. said Darren. We're wondering if you wanna, Murmur murmur Darrens voice became softer and softer until no one could understand a word.
Eddy. Pete began, I think what Darrens trying to ask is if you feel up to joining us for a little fishing. You see, we're gonna take a boat and if you're sitting down most of the time, it won't hurt you're limp.
I don't know, guys. I said sleepily. I really should go back to bed.
Ya, but we've brought something for you to help you feel better faster. Trent said, pointing at the truck.
I leaned over putting my weight into my crutch and wobbled out the front door. I limped over to the truck in a convincing fashion to lead them to believe I was still in pain. I did not want them to ask questions about my rapid recovery. They followed me to the truck before they gathered around. Pete reached into the back of the truck and pulled out a very large fishing pole, with heavy metal fishing line wound onto a bulky spool.
What kind of fish do you plan on catching? I asked with wonderment. They began to laugh at my surprise.
Shark, the largest and most deadliest fish to inhabit this Islands shore. We have been going out every Sunday to catch one for the past month. We catch them before we let them go. So? Pete asked. Are you game?
Well. I considered the offer. I did wanted them to accept me. Okay, I'm in. Darren, Pete and Trent smiled and congratulated me for my decision. I certainly was not about to mention a word about a shark to my mother though.
After waving good-bye to Gastonish, we drove for twenty minutes on a dirt road. I sat in the back, half asleep, with Trent, who was also half asleep, while Pete drove with Darren beside him. While we drove Trent managed to say, Pete sure was worried about you.
There is really no need to be worried especially now. I reassured him, The puncture wound isnt bad, besides it was an accident.
It wasnt your foot that scared him but the fact it was him who hurt you. There are rumours on this Island how if someone hurts you in anyway, they are liable to disappear off the face of the earth. Even still, Pete thinks his life is in danger. You know, Eddy, this whole Island exists just for you. You are the government's pride and joy, their baby. No one else on the Island is as important as you.
Thats not true Trent, and you know it. I retaliated, Everyone is here for some reason or another.
You might believe people are here for a reason, and Ill bet thats what they want you to believe, but no one needs to be on this Island. There are lots of other places for these people to go, but where else could you go?
I just cant believe you dont trust the Island officials. This Island exists to protect the governments people, the governments secrets and the governments favourites. I told him.
The three of us from the lumber yard? Trent questioned, Government's favourites? We dont even hold a candle to you. Finally, we stopped on the sandy beach at the oceans shore. The slight cool salty breeze was unbeatably refreshing. We took a moment to absorb the view of the wide open ocean before us.
Everyone was quite excited. Pete and Darren came around to the back of the truck, You guys arent going to believe this, but Eddy believes we are just as important to the government and this Island as he is. Trent blurted as he handed them their fishing rods and tackle boxes.
Grab a clue, Eddy. Huffed Darren.
Pete reached up to take some tackle boxes, What exactly were the two of you talking about? Petes face was tight with suspicion as he pulled his sunglasses down to the end of his nose.
Trent mentioned you were worried for your life after the incident with the nail gun. I said, getting right to the point.
Pete took a deep breath before he breathed it out shaking his head. He was clearly aggravated. Trent, you just dont know when to keep your big mouth shut. Pete glared at Trent over the gold rim of his sunglasses.
We were all worried how the Island officials were going to react. Darren added quickly. I'm sure if they were going to do something they would have by now.
Listen you guys, I said, You are making this whole thing out to be much bigger than it is. My foot is practically back to normal already, and everyone understands it was all just an accident. Besides, Darren is right, if they were upset with you at all, you would not be here ready to go fishing right now. Everyone agreed and went back to preparations for the trip. Trent quickly helped me out of the truck before he raced off to help the others inflate and carry the raft.
Shark fishing in an inflatable raft? I asked, You guys have done this before, and thought this through, right?
They started laughing. There havent been any shark sightings in these waters, Eddy. We were just pulln your leg. We might catch something large but we wont be going too far from the shore. Darren explained.
Well, youre the expert fishermen. This stuff is out of my league. I told them as I plugged in the air pump to the cigarette lighter.
When we were ready, we all boarded the rubber inflatable and started out on our way. The strength of the waves picked up right away. Darren crawled to the rear of the raft where he began navigating with the small electric motor. Trent passed out life jackets which everyone quickly put on, except I could not fit into even the largest one, so I stuffed two of them under my shirt. Pete quickly tied a hook onto my fishing line because my nail capped finger tips were awkward to work with when dealing with needles and thread. Pete hooked some bloody raw pork onto our lines while Trent was scooping raw flesh and entrails out of a bucket into the sea. Soon enough, we all began to cast out our lines. Trent washed his blood stained hands off in the sea. 
I hope a shark doesn't swim up and chomp your hands off. Darren remarked. Trent pulled his hand out of the water right away.
I would be more worried about a shark chomping a hole into this raft. Trent said, Besides, I only want to attract them to look at them.
You watch too many movies. Pete said back at them. There are no sharks in these waters, but if there were we would be heading back to shore, like right now. Pete huffed and half smiled shaking his head lazily from side to side. Other than the smell of salty raw pig flesh, the ride was very pleasant, a little turbulent at times, but I was really glad I came along.
Thirty minutes passed, and Trent decided if he wore a flipper on his foot and slapped the surface of the water he could attract the sharks faster. We all seemed to be running out of things to say. We were so relaxed we were almost sleeping. I, for one, definitely needed sleep. The wind was picking up and as it tickled over my face I began to drift off to dream land. It was as though heavy weights were pulling at my eye lids and I was unable to fight it and unwilling. We all sat reclined in the raft and Trent was still slapping the surface of the water with his flipper, before Pete said, The weather is getting rough, maybe we better make a U turn and get back. We could go around to the other side of the Island and see if it is any different. Trent was sitting in front of me holding his rod and slapping the ocean when, a high wave lifted the nose of the raft and Trent flipped off the edge and plunged into the ocean. His fishing rod handle flung against my chest. I fumbled, before I grabbed the rod quickly and found there was something caught on the hook. The hook was not snagged on a rock or reef because the object at the end of the line was being dragged behind us. It tugged at the line with a great violent strength. At first, I thought the object was Trent, before I realized it was a fish, a very big fish. Meanwhile, Pete grabbed some ski rope and threw it out to Trent. The wind swooped in fast and carried the rope a short distance away from Trent, however he stretched to take hold of it and with some effort he did.
While Pete was trying to pull Trent to the raft and I was fighting to reel in the fish, Darren noticed the waves were moving in more quickly building up and gaining strength. Pete took over the motor from Darren because Darren was trying to give me a hand reeling in the fish. I saw Trent still making his way to the raft. I told Darren to help Trent. He nodded and went for the ski rope.
Darren and I were standing when the raft moved into a great dip between the waves. Darren fell to the floor of the raft and I flipped over the back end, where I hung half off the raft. I saw the head of the fish and its jaws were unmistakably those of a shark. I was scared for Trent and this made me seize a tighter hold of the rod. I heard Darren behind me yell, Bring it in closer!!!
Trent let go of the rope when we moved close to the shore line. I kept reeling in the line, while I kept my eyes on Trent. When I saw Trent safely climb onto the sandy shore, I glanced around at the others. To my surprise, Darren was aiming a rifle in the general direction of our catch. I was frozen holding the rod, my eyes quivered. Darren fired a shot at the fish. He sat down to re-load his rifle, and I quickly tried to situate myself more safely in the raft. I reeled in some more fishing line. In the back of my mind I wanted to keep from getting my foot, or any other limb, shot off. Darren was re-loaded when he stood up again and aimed. Pete yelled to him, Get down!
Darren did not respond in time. A huge wave curled in at us and the raft was forced against a giant rock. Darren was thrown to his left clumsily. The rifle went off and the raft was punctured by the shot. Escaping air was whistling away, the raft deflated quickly. The ocean seemed to calm a little when Pete said, We'll have to swim for shore!
What about the shark? I panicked.
Forget it, lets go!!! Pete answered.
It's only attracted to the scent of blood! Darren added, before both Pete and Darren jumped raft and swam for their lives.
I didn't let go of the fishing rod as the raft sagged and sunk under my feet into the ocean. Under-water, my jean jacket decided to unsnap, and my life jackets floated out from under my shirt. I could feel my legs being tugged by the undertow. Somehow, I came up for a breath of air, and before I went back under, I noticed a high narrow reef. Blindly, I swam in that direction. I grabbed hold of some of the brittle driftwood. My feet scraped against the surface of a coral reef.
I was still holding Trents fishing rod and I figured the shark escaped, until I felt that persistent tug once again. The shark must have been bigger than I thought because it was able to pull me from the powerful grip I had on the barnacle covered reef. I was impressed by the strength and integrity of the fishing rod and line. I was swept further out to sea, much further. I lifted my head out of the water for a gasp of air and noticed a black metal pipe sticking straight up out of the waters surface. It appeared just before I slammed into it. I held onto the pipe for leverage and pulled the fishing rod closer to me. The pipe continued to rise out of the water.
I heard someone on shore ask, What did he catch? A whale?
A closer look at the pipe revealed it was indeed a periscope of a submarine. The sub broke out of the oceans surface and my co-workers were in awe. The periscope retracted into the sub before the top hatch opened. The captain came out carrying a harpoon gun. He looked at me with a comical expression on his face. My orders are to keep a close eye on you and to keep you from leaving the Island. also, I am to step in if your life is endangered. I did not know you would be such a reckless chap. The captain had an English accent. He aimed his harpoon at the shark and killed it with his first shot. He turned back to look at me. You could have just let go of the rod.
Now, wheres the sport in that? I replied.
The captain hiccupped a strange sort of chuckle. He climbed back down into the hatch. Shortly, two marines came out carrying an inflatable yellow raft. They pulled the cord to inflate it instantly before they threw the raft in the water. I climbed onto the raft and reeled in some of the line to the dead shark. I paddled to shore with a gleaming broad smile on my face as the submarine submerged and disappeared under the water's surface behind me.
After Pete, Darren, Trent and I were reunited on shore, we laughed and cheered as we patted each other on the back for evading death. We recollected what was left of the raft. A huge bright beach fire was made and we cooked the shark over it. We were having a real good time and it made an interesting story to tell, but no one ever believed it because we didn't have any pictures of proof. However, I did keep the bottom jaw bone of the shark.

Something did not feel right to me when I went to work the next day. I punched in and went to work without speaking to anyone. I was picking up odd emotions from the other workers. Little time passed before Burl came out of the office and approached me.
Burl was Harley's son, and Harley was the owner of Lugger Lumber. Not only was Burl a young healthy looking man, but he was very handsome as well. I didn't have to be a mind reader to see Burl had a spoiled upbringing. He was used to getting what he wanted and it showed not only in the way he walked, but in the way he talked and dressed. Burl's job was to build orders and make deliveries running the one ton truck, but he came to work wearing high end expensive clothes. He kind of stuck out like a sore thumb, in his mirrored sunglasses and preppy hair-do.
Eddy. Burl began, Lets take a little walk, Okay? We walked throughout the warehouse. Hey. Burl remarked, There doesn't seem to be any pigeons today. I smiled. We walked down the isles of wood in the yard. I glanced back at the shed and noticed Jack and Harley were talking together and looking my way. I felt uncomfortable.
You are very strong. Burl began, And you're sure getting a good name around the yard as the one to call when help is needed. You are kind of like the forklift-man, or Mr. Lifter. I smiled at the humor. Do you feel like the work you offer here is worth your while?
Yes, I answered.
Well, I know of some lumber hauling work that will be coming to this Island tomorrow. They are contracted to clear up some hectares of this Island for new development and they will also be doing some simpler duties to maintain the Islands agriculture. I bet your strength would be more helpful if it were to assist them. Now, I've been talking to my father, you know, Harley? He really supports the idea. All day today my dad has been discussing this with Jack. Jack would rather have you stay with us, but because my dad is his boss, Jack will agree. Of course, he always does. I think, very soon it will be up to you if you go on or not.
I stood there for a moment, just wondering what was going on. Was this a way to fire me? Drive me away? Or was it an opportunity for something better?
Burl!!! Announced Harley, waving for Burl to go to him.
Hey. Burl said, Could you just wait here, he might want to talk to me alone.
I nodded to him and he ran to his father. Harley put his hand on Jack and Burls shoulders. He said something to them, nodded his head assuredly, and walked out to me. 
Harley was a burly old man with a thick beard with grey patches. His wavy hair was likely very dark in his youth, but now it was completely grey. He dressed in a clean checkered red and grey shirt with suspenders and a black tie. With his belly hanging over his tight pants, a large golden belt buckle along with many gold rings were the greatest hint that he was a man of some importance.
Hi, Eddy. He said, holding out his hand. I took his hand and shook it firmly. We were both smiling as we shook. Harley bent down onto his knees, and his face tightened up as if my grip was inflicting serious pain on him. I quickly released my hand and pulled it away. Harley looked up at me and started smiling through his beard. He chuckled and said, How are you doing? I looked at him with no expression. I looked around. Other people who were watching from a distance seemed concerned. Hey, He said, That was just a joke!
Whoa, I breathed with relief. You shouldn't do that to me, I thought I was really hurting you. 
Harleys smile slowly vanished and with a deep exhale his features became stone cold and serious. I don't feel it's wise for you to work here anymore. There it was, I knew I was going to be fired. How much are you making anyway? Harley persisted. 
Five dollars an hour.
Is that fair to you?
Considering I am only seven years old, or sixteen in human standards, I think its very fair.
But your capabilities outweigh any other sixteen year olds. Unless, of course, there are others like you?
No, sir. To the best of my knowledge I am the only one. Eddy answered quickly.
All right, Harley shook his head and composed himself professionally. Lets think for a moment. Instead of being paid five dollars an hour, how about twenty-five dollars an hour. You can have it if you just work under my supervision up at a logging camp. You see, I own this yard, youre working for me and you can continue working for me if you agree to the new conditions. He expected to find an ambitious response on my face of some sort. 
I want to work with loggers, Harley, but I'm sixteen and you're talking about a camp. My mother would never go for it. I explained.
Okay, Harley replied, thirty dollars an hour full time. Discuss it with your mother and give me your decision tomorrow morning.
I worked the rest of the day in concentration. I considered all of my options and the results of different choices.

At the end of the day, I ran swiftly through the woods to my home. I forced the front door open and flew into the cabin, where I broke the news to Gastonish. 
Mom! I called and she came out from the kitchen.
Yes? She answered. Her auburn hair was pinned up at the back. 
We have to talk. We sat down and discussed everything to do with how I could soon be making thirty dollars an hour as a lumber jack. At first she hated the idea of me being forced into such a problem and I wouldn't be able to help with routine check-ups on the Zandith Crockmior life-boat. But as we debated, we were able to find some very good uses for the money. Also, I was a volk and hard work was challenging and more like fun. I would love the exercise. I may never get the opportunity to experience a hard labor working environment amongst humans ever again if my mother and I manage to get back to where we belonged. You just never know, we may not be able to return to our world. If thats the case, we will need money to survive here.
I am more concerned with your safety. Eddy, we are so close now, why must you complicate things? My mother did not like the idea at all, but she tried to put herself in my place and understand. Ultimately, she let me make the final call.

At the break of day, I went straight to the lumber yard with my decision. Harley was there as though he was expecting me. Everyone said good morning to each other as they came through the door and in no time Harley was ready to talk business. Do you go to school Eddy? Harley asked.
Yes, but I will be going in today to let them know yesterday was my last day. I said.
Good idea. He smoothed his hand over his beard as his eyes tightened in thought. Ask the school if they will give you a week or two before you give them your final decision. Tell them, you don't intend to return, but it is wise to keep your options open if this new job doesn't work out for you. 
Thats a great idea, Harley. Thanks. Many times I felt like I had very few choices in my life. With my situation on this secluded Island, it really felt great to know the decision makers truly cared.
Listen Eddy, if you can work out everything with your school and be here at the yard packed with what you need by five o'clock this evening, I can have one of my truckers take you up to the camp tonight with a delivery.
Five o'clock. I repeated silently to myself. Sure, that shouldn't be a problem. Thanks again Harley. When I left I felt like I was going to burst with excitement. I really had things working out well for myself.
Mom went with me to the school, where I told them I was 'moving on' and they told me I was 'dropping out.' I hated the word, 'dropping out.' It's just as bad as the word, 'quit.' The school was run by only two people and one of them was the janitor. They decided giving me two weeks to decide if the job was right for me was a good idea.
After we returned home from the school, Gastonish and I packed my bags and had a small celebrational dinner, but it turned into a sad going away party between the two of us.
Later, at Luggers Lumber yard, everyone was congratulating me and saying good-bye. When I climbed into the Logging truck and looked out of the window, I felt as though I was being sent off to war. I waved to my friends, before I waved to Gastonish. It was all very sad, but I was with Lumber jacks, men built of iron and people like them don't cry.
The trucker started the engine, and the cab shook in the power of the diesel roar. We drove up a very narrow and bumpy dirt road; neither of us knew what to say to the other. The C.B. Radio crackled and I could hear voices but I couldn't understand the words.
The trucker picked up the receiver and said, Truck two, mile sixteen up fifth.
The C.B. Crackled with a voice responding with what sounded like a warning. Still I couldn't understand a word.
The road widened around a bend when the trucker pulled over and stopped. A fully loaded logging truck came around the corner and I thought it was going to hit us. I gripped the seat and the glove compartment and failed to contain myself. Aaaahh!!
The trucker beside me jumped in his seat and looked at me in surprise when I yelled, he had quite a large belly and he wore dirty old clothes. He relaxed his fuzzy bearded face and gave me a glare with cold dark eyes.
What is your name? He asked as he began to breathe easy again.
Eddy Evon. I replied, also settling down.
Well, Eddy, dont yell while I'm staged again. I nodded in reverence before silence followed like an awkward chill. The trucker asked me a question. Is this part of a school project? A journal or something? He started to drive again.
No. I am the new guy. my response was met with silence. Looking ahead as the truck climbed through the gears, I decided to contribute to more conversation with a question. How do you know if there is another truck coming or not?
We contact each other over the radio, haven't you been listening? He sighed.
So what is your name? I asked politely.
Chuck. he told me bluntly. This would be an easy name for someone to remember as it rhymed with truck.
The remainder of the ride was quiet. Soon, we parked inside the logging block. I hopped out of the massive truck. I took a good long look at the activity around me while Chuck released the compression air brakes.
I saw many rugged woodland men busy at work. Everyone had a job they were doing, cutting and hauling logs. Some workers drove very heavy machinery which could strip, cut and haul massive amounts of tree trunks.
I saw Harley was already there at the site. Before long, Harley noticed me and was waving me in from the foremans office. When I entered the room, people looked with amazement and stepped back. Harley on the other hand greeted me with a smile. He asked me to leave my bag in the office while he showed me around the camp and introduced me to some workers.
Outside the office, as we were walking, Harley began telling me a little bit about the logging history, You know Eddy, A long time ago loggers, or lumber jacks would go into the woods on horse. One guy took the food, another took the blankets, and others took medical supplies, one wash tub and hand tools. Everything was done by hand, look around you now, we are surrounded by machines that do everything for you, and people still complain. I hate it when people complain. Especially my men. He examined me up and down. Long ago, timber men had to spend the first day marking the measurements for a block and build cabins to sleep in by sundown. There were cabins all over and each one was inspected. He stopped talking and we turned toward the office before he continued. Now we have a bulldozer and blasters who can make a road in no time letting timber cruisers go in before we do. They use their compasses, topographer and other devices to provide accurate land surveys. They also measure the lengths and widths of trees. When we come in and bring our heavy equipment, everything is already more or less done for us. So why do we have so many accidents still? He paused for a moment. It's dangerous!!! He answered in a hard voice. Don't ever think you are safe, always be on your toes, or you might lose them. Sure you don't have to build a tent to sleep in each night, instead we have portables driven up and attached together. It's like a home away from home. When you are talking with your buddy, don't think you are talking to the same man who you worked with that day. I don't care who you are on the inside and you'll find hardly anyone else does either. All people really want to see around here is hard work. Work hard and you'll get lots of friends and respect. 
We walked up beside a vehicle which grabbed some trees and cut them with an extending circular saw. The trees were cut in two seconds. 
Eddy, say hi to Willie. We waved at the driver and he nodded to us and went back to work. Well, he is busy, by the way, thats a feller buncher, it grabs the trees and cuts them at the base. 
We didn't walk far until we came to a different machine. This, Eddy, is a tree limber. Its arm encloses the trees trunk at the peak. It slides down the trunk and shears all of the branches off of it. Trees which are in places too hard for the feller buncher or the tree limber to reach, get special handling by a feller or a bucker and a faller. The faller is a man who cuts the tree down, like Robertson over here who seems to be taking care of the buckers job also. Robertson was about a half a mile from where we were standing. Harley took two quick steps away from me toward Robertson. Cupping his hands around his mouth to amplify his voice, Harley shouted. Robertson, wheres your bucker?
Robertson answered sincerely. He quit, sir. Robertson's skin was as dark as skin could get. Compared to the other workers, Robertson was the most developed and I wondered if he had any background as a bodybuilder. His plaid shirt was unbuttoned at the chest and his sleeves were rolled up. His skin glistened with the sweet of hard work.
Harley rubbed his chest, as he turned to face me, he rubbed his neck to his forehead with his hand. He was in deep thought looking at me. Can you handle being his bucker? It would only be until we can find a replacement, then I will bump you up.
Yes sir, Ill take care of that, no problem. I answered my boss with excitement and determination.
Harley swung around on his heels and yelled, Robertson, I want you to take five and meet your new bucker. Turning to me Harley spoke in a softer voice, Consider your orientation over. Welcome to your first day on the job, Eddy.
I shook Harley's hand and made certain my handshake was firm but not strong enough to inflict pain.
As we walked toward Robertson, Harley began to tell me more. After trees are stripped of their branches and cut down, a skidder will come by and grab five or six of the trees and drag them to the landing. He pointed to a skidder in the distance to show me, It's a four wheel drive with big balloon tires and articulate steering. If you notice, we like to try to drag the wood downhill, it's easier on fuel and the vehicles themselves. Just remember, we want to stay away from dragging up hill, we hate adverse hauling. Once the logs are taken to the landing area, the bucker, you, cuts the logs to lengths. The loader operator will come driving a front end loader and load the logs onto the trailer of the truck. The logs are tagged and sent off to the saw mill. Harley and I stepped up close behind Robertson. Robertson was bent down facing away from us fiddling with the mechanics of his chain saw.
Robertson, Harley announced, startling Robertson, meet, Eddy.
Robertson turned and looked up at me with black eyes which stood out from his dark brown skin. He had a wide nose and large lips, and his hair was short, curly and grey all over. He was sweaty and dirty and his clothes were so stained, they probably wouldn't look much better even after a wash. He stood up and looked me in the eyes, he must have been six and a half feet tall, but I was seven and a half and still growing. Up close, Robertson's body was still quite muscle toned and impressive, for a twenty first century human.
He was not saying a word, just giving me an eye. Nice to meet you Robertson. I said and shook his hand.
Robertson began to laugh impressively loud and clear with his deep Negro voice. I don't know what made him start laughing but I took it as a good sign.
Eddy, Harley began, Tomorrow you'll get up at the crack of dawn as a feller and Robertson will show you what to do. He said it in a way which didn't seem to give Robertson much of a choice.
Excuse me, sir. Robertson added. Since the last bucker left, my cabin has had an extra bunk.
Thank you, Robertson, responded Harley in a belittling management sort of way, I'll consider that.
Harley and I walked back to the office and on our way I met some workers named John, Marvin, Jake, Tom, Steve, and Daryl. When Harley and I finally reached the office, Harley began telling me more about the portables.
All of the portables are attached. Harley began, They were hauled up here like trailer homes and connected together, forming this maze of a camp. The foremans office is a recreation room. Also attached to this portable camp is the power house generator, and the cook house, which includes an eating area. The rest are all sleep areas, everyone will refer to them as cabins. We stepped inside the office where I retrieved my bag and Harley gave me a key to my cabin. As I was leaving, Harley called me.
Eh, some people might call you a feller, its just a temporary name for bucker, just don't get it mixed up with a faller like Robertson, who cuts trees down. See ya in the morning, Eddy.
Sure, Harley. See ya. I replied with a wave and a smile. 
I walked out of the office into the recreation room, it was smoky and old as if it had been used a lot. I saw many empty tables and chairs, a dart board, ping-pong table, shuffle board, a small T.V. and one radio phone. I moved directly to the phone and tried to call home, but Gastonish wouldn't answer it for some reason. 
I went to my cabin and headed straight for the bed, but before I slipped into the covers, I opened the window a crack and punctured a small hole into the screen. I told Evon, to locate Gastonish and warn me if she was in any danger. My sertz zipped out of my ear and darted through the hole of the screen. When Evon left, I began counting and it only took it eighteen seconds to find Gastonish and make a quick survey. I closed the window and slid into the only unoccupied bed of six in the room which seemed unused. The room had three bunk beds and I was not going to sleep on a top bunk, for fear the top bunk might collapse.
EDDY. Evon began in a soft, quiet synthetic voice, GASTONISH IS WORKING ON THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR L/X. I GAVE XONOX YOUR LOCATION. XONOX WILL CHECK ON YOU FOR NOW ON, AT GASTONISHS DISCRETION. Evon was still hidden from sight. I knew he was close because its little red lights still lit up in the shadows. 
Evon! I said, you must turn off your lights. Evon entered my ear. The red hue of its lights went out. One of the fellow jacks turned over and asked, Whats going on?
Nothing. I told him, Just having problems with my radio head set. Because I only require one day of the week for sleep, I was prepared to keep myself occupied while the others slept. I ducked my head under the covers and read manuals concerning the standard operating procedures and how to operate heavy equipment, then I would read the owner's manuals for each piece of equipment. I also had textbooks about astronomy and I would read these by the red lights of Evons eyes. Evon attempted to help me sleep by singing softly in my ear.
LULA BYE - - AND GOOD NIGHT. unfortunately, this never helped me much.
Its singing had no effect, so Evon would teach me about such things as how to exercise my telepathic emotions. When I looked into the minds of my fellow bunk roommates, I found all sorts of strange things. I learned the hard way not to look into people's minds when they were sleeping. 
Evon also taught me how to better understand the system of Lornels direction and much more. I found it hard to keep my muscles dormant until day break, however, the little sertz was very strict and worked me brutally to learn. It was not easy to adjust to the little teacher who had a big attitude. At first it was cute, but that wore thin quickly however Evon's discipline did help the time pass quickly.
Chapter 8

Mornings always came swiftly and I remember a specific morning where I saw Robertson getting dressed. I was up all night learning about the connections and intricacies of the micro-verse and how it relates to the universe. I certainly was taught well but by the morning, my heart just wasnt in it. I had tried to explain this to Harley to find some way to keep working through the night. Harley was going to look into it but it would not be easy to change human standardized practices, like labour laws. 
The springs creaked as the mattress above me began to move. Three other beds were shuffling as three other workers awoke and rose out of their beds also. I wasn't introduced to these other new guys earlier. I arose from my bed also and told them who I was. A couple of the guys were shocked when they fixed their drowsy eyes on me.
Oh, ya, now Im awake. One of them commented. With all six of us standing in the room, we were quickly aware there was not very much space for us all to get dressed and ready for the day. The silence of conversation mixed with the grumblings of trying to get ready without touching one another made a bad situation worse. They were still half asleep and nobody seemed to be much of a morning person. I followed the others out, half dressed. After I was completely dressed, Robertson escorted the rest of us to the cook house. As usual, everyone had a tin tray and walked in single file along the cafeteria counter, grabbing fruit and drinks.
The cook was very large. His belly and triple chins made his face seem very small and sunken. He plopped a heap of lumpy thick mushy cereal onto my tray. I frowned at the goop and took notice of his name tag, Chuckles Billadoe.
What is this? I asked as I screwed up my face looking at the goop.
Its good. The cook said. Real good. The kinda porridge that sticks to yer bones. he smiled with yellow, coffee stained teeth.
I could eat practically anything, and it was a good thing too because I did not want to eat that slop. I tried a little with my finger. It was surprisingly good, in fact it was real good porridge. This was good because at the sight of it I was about ready to just eat my wooden chair. Chuckles Billadoe and I exchanged smiles before I continued on.

At the end of the day, Robertson was chopping his last tree down. I was standing behind him admiring his skill. I noticed a branch had broken away from the tree from about twenty feet above, and it was heading for Robertsons head. I ran up behind him to catch the branch. Robertson saw me coming at him and he panicked. He held his axe in a defensive stance. I grabbed his axe and looked up. Robertson looked up as well, and he watched as I saved him from a falling branch. I caught the branch quickly and heaved it away. 
After Robertson's eyes relaxed from being bugged out, he told me, You saved my life. A branch can pick up enough speed to paralyze a man from the neck down for life. he patted my shoulder with a bright smile of white teeth which seemed to glow from his dark complexion.

At supper time, Chuckles Billadoe prepared some grub for us to eat. Chuckles? I called when I passed near him. Chuckles perked his head up from the soup which he was stirring. I know I am the new guy and all, but is it possible for you to make something other than soup and porridge?
Chuckles eyes widened in amazement. I wasn't sure if I said something of an insult but I was sure getting a reaction out of him. You. What is your name?
Eddy. I told him without backing down.
Think youre a big man, eh? Think just cause you have big muscles you can just go around saying anything you wish, huh? Chuckles tried to work me up.
Not at all. I retaliated with my hands up, signaling him to ease down.
Do you think you are bigger than me?
What kind of question had Chuckles asked me? Was he trying to trap me? He was waiting for an answer, but if I backed down and said he was bigger than me, he would say I insulted him for being over weight. If I stood up and said I was bigger, I would be playing right into his hands. I am up for any challenge you are willing to dish out. Come on, let's prove who is bigger.
Oh, ho, ho, ho, Give me your tray, Eddy. he was making quite the spectacle of us. I handed my tray to Chuckles and he snatched it from me. My tray was quite loaded with food and Im sure I was the hungriest in the room. I blurted out a laugh in disbelief. 'He took my food!' I couldnt laugh any further and frowned down at my empty hands. A few of the men around me chuckled. 
Now take a seat, I have something special planned for you. Chuckles was smiling at me from over the counter. I gave him a stare that would turn most men to stone, but Chuckles was obviously not like most men. Reluctantly, I retired to a place at a table without anything to eat. The room was filled with slurps, sucking chews, and burps. Chuckles was busier than ever in the kitchen. Every so often I could hear Chuckles bursting in fits of laughter. 
'What was he planning?' 
Hee-hee-hee! Another fit of evil laughter. He was up to something and the suspense made me very curious. My curiosity was contagious as others looked on in wonderment as well. I wanted to get up and go into the back to see what Chuckles was doing, but it wasn't worth it. I had no fear of the meddlings of a human. Even if he went as far as trying to poison me, I wouldn't go down without a fight. All I knew was I was getting hungrier by the second.
Chuckles came out from behind the counter with two large pizza trays. One in each hand. On the trays were the largest ham burgers I had ever seen. The buns and patties had a diameter slightly bigger than the large pizza trays. Each burger oozed with cheese and secret sauce plus an entire head of shredded lettuce was sandwiched between two of the widest thickest patties I had ever seen in my life. 
Chuckles lifted the two trays of burger up over his head and yelled like a barbarian. UNGA-BUNGA!!! Beef Steak Bronco Burgers! The noise of the other lumber jacks halted at once. He stepped toward me and placed the two trays on my table. They smelled delicious. My eyes bulged with delight and my mouth drooled. I reached out for the burgers of a perfect dream come true.
Don't touch! He commanded, before he stepped back to the counter and returned with a pot of gravy.
He lifted my impossibly huge sesame seed bun. A waft of the most heavenly aroma hit me in the form of steam. I looked in under the bun and saw bacon, eggs, mushrooms and fried onions tantalizing my senses. He poured the gravy over it and closed the bun with a slap.
The other lumber jacks gathered around, and I noticed I was not the only one drooling.
The rules are simple. Chuckles said. Eat it! All of it! The first one done, wins. The first one done is truly the biggest.
The biggest what? A voice called out from the crowd. Laughter encircled me.
No utensils, Chuckles? I asked, looking around my burger not to find a knife or fork anywhere.
He huffed at my ridiculous question.
Lets go! He said.
We both dived into our Bronco burgers at the same time. Chuckles was, no doubt, eating to win. He chomped off huge mouthfuls and swallowed again and again. He didn't even bother to chew.
I gripped my burger at the front and worked my jaws around it. It was two times thicker than my mouth could open. Sauce, grease, and delectable gravy dribbled out the sides of our burgers and ran off the table and onto the floor. I had to squeeze it down with a firm grip in order to fit it into my mouth.
Chuckles had obviously done this before. He was a pro. So content and focused. He stopped with Bronco burger hanging out of his mouth and he just stared at me. I was still trying desperately to catch up to him, when I noticed his eyes were bulging out at me.
I did a double take before I stopped to see if something was wrong. A little bit of air squeaked out of Chuckles full open mouth.
Chuckles is choking! Someone called out.
Chuckles hacked twice and through his wheeze of air he said, Beer!
A jack quickly put a full and frothy beer pitcher on the table. Chuckles took it and chugged it back. When he put the mug back on the table, he didn't even stop for a breath before he began chomping on his burger again. The on-looking jacks cheered and I jumped back into the race. 
I reached for the pitcher of beer, but Chuckles slapped my hand, That's mine! He spoke with his mouth right full as something fell from the corner.
Before I knew it someone placed an equal pitcher of beer before me. We slopped and gulped. Our faces and hands were covered in the sloppy Bronco burger. I felt like a child playing with my food. Three quarters of the way through the burgers, we started slowing down. I had never before experienced eating to be such a chore and the final part of the burger seemed to last forever.
The competition seemed to slide into slow motion. Every heart beat, like a drum pushing me to the next bite. 'No Vacancy'. My stomach, a full load. How was Chuckles handling this challenge?
He was definitely in the lead, but how? I was a volk and for as long as I could remember I have always been the hungriest. If my meals were not enough, I would go outside our home and eat some vegetation of leaves or branches or bark. How unexpected, to have this human confront me with a larger appetite. How insulting. No, it wouldn't happen. I couldn't live with myself if a human out ate me. It was humiliating. I didn't have a particular plan, so I did what anyone would have done out of desperation, and bubbled out a noise from deep within. The guttural sound gripped the attention of everyone in the room. Chuckles stopped eating and looked up at me from across the table. I put my hands down on the greasy table-top. My eyes locked with his. I stood and bent over the table, getting in his face with my mouth a gape. With burger grub on the verge of falling out, I waved my upper body toward him and burped long and hard. My breath wafting his hair. I sat down and continued to eat my burger as fast as I could. My plan had immediately taken some form of effect because, Chuckles was no longer eating. His Bronco burger diminished to the size of two or three bites, yet it still remained on his plate.
I didn't care. All I wanted to do was win and put all of this behind me. At the corner of my sight, I saw Chuckles cup his mouth and stand.
From the crowd, a voice shouted. Hes gonna barf his Bronco burger!
I decided Chuckles would not distract me with my own tactics. I would not stop to look up. I would not stop for anything unless he really did throw-up on me. I was catching-up to the same size burger portion as Chuckles had. Chuckles made some digestive noises. The people around us backed away a fair distance. I would not be moved. I just ate.
No! Chuckles said, I won't give you the satisfaction. He sat back down and frantically scarfed down half of what he had left. Everyone started cheering. Chuckles glanced at me, before he took a double take followed by a good long look. I was smiling at him with my greasy smile. I held up my plate for him to observe. I wiped it clean with the remainder of my bun.
Chuckles stare seemed to burn into me. I wondered if he was gonna be a sore loser. He stood up and walked, I mean waddled, behind the kitchen counter. He turned on the radio, and cranked up the volume. Music broke out in the mess hall, but no one got into it. Everyone was still very quiet. Chuckles became very upset, he pulled off his apron and threw it on the floor.
Boom, Boom, Chucka-Chucka-Chucka-Chucka-Boom, Boom!!! The music was very loud.
Chuckles came dancing around from behind the counter, singing and shouting. His belly was bouncing and moving about with every step. It was the Hungry-Man song. Chuckles began singing along with the music and the room burst out into laughter.

Stomach grumbles,
Give me food.
Must eat now,
Im in a bad mood.
Im a hungry, hungry, hungry-man!
You can not satisfy a hungry-man.
Oh, ya!
Ill eat till I drop,
I certainly wont stop.
Cause Im a hungry-man,
A hungry-man! Belly flop!
Chew it up! - Spit it out!
Im a hungry-man - Look out!
I eat more than any mutt.
I have a garbage, garbage gut!
Are you a hungry, hungry, hungry-man?
I know I am a hungry, hungry, hungry-man!

--(BURP!!!)--

He put on quite the show. Chuckles was a good sport about it after all.

After supper, everyone gathered in the recreation room. There, people played cards, threw darts, played ping-pong, or watched the movie channel on a small black and white T.V.
I was gathering a large crowd again, where I challenged whoever had the guts, to an arm wrestle. Everyone was very strong but not one was strong enough. Even un-defeated Robertson challenged me. We began and I felt perhaps my arm was being overworked, but actually, Robertson was just very strong. I liked Robertson, so I made it seem as though he was beating me to add a little suspense. Many people watching made remarks like, Oooow!!! Thats gotta hurt. I heaved his arm down; Victory.
Robertson took a liking to me and I couldn't be sure if it was because of my strength. Maybe the grey tone of my skin, which set me apart from the others, reflected on his own relative emotions.
Chuckles and I stayed up late at night teasing each other about not only our stomach cramps but the strange noises our bodies were making. After a little competition to see who could fart the loudest, Chuckles got messy and ran off to find an out-house. Everyone had to vacate the mess hall because not even I was prepared for the rancid stench of my volk gas. 

After everyone returned to their cabins, I walked over to the shed. I brought my romstrunn and lintin with me in a pack. I gathered up all of the tools I accidentally broke earlier in the day when working with Robertson. I made a pile with them. I wandered about inside the shed gathering as many stainless steel metal scraps as possible. I found the hull of an old auger  which was dented and twisted but did not show any signs of rust. It was part of the bone yard and had been tagged to be shipped out as scrap.
Evon. I called, and my sertz appeared from out of my ear and flew before me. Through my romstrunn, design for me an axe which is made specifically for me, which I can use without breaking it.
Evon flew into the romstrunn which was attached to my right forearm. The romstrunn opened like a book and an image formed on the inside surface. The small forming shape became an ax.
Widen the blade. I said, and the blade widened. Evon disconnected itself from the Romstrunn, and hovered at eye level to me.
I HAVE SCANNED YOUR WEIGHT, STRENGTH, AND ENDURANCE, MASTER. THIS axe, AS SHOWN, IS DESIGNED SPECIFICALLY FOR YOU. Evon reported.
The available stainless steal is piled here for you and marked. I told the little sertz.
STAND BACK, LORD.
I stepped back four feet. Evon attached itself to the lintin wrist band on my left hand wrist. I pointed my fist at the scrap metal hull. Two blue beams were emitted from Evons eyes the size of thread. The thin beams struck and covered over the metal. With waves of energy the metal began to rise off the ground until it was suspended in the air. Next, the metal began turning red hot as it melted, molding together into a solid sphere of red hot dross. The dirty unwanted dark globs of oil, dirt and grease dripped to the ground and made a small hot steaming puddle. Still floating in air, the bigger mass of red hot glowing liquidated metal began to form and change shape. Quickly, the axe was formed before it cooled from its red hot stage to a natural silvery solid stage. Slowly the axe descended, landing softly until it touched ground. I was surprised at how perfect it turned out. Like a new toy, I couldn't wait to try it out. The axe was so shiny, even in the low light, the axe gleamed and shimmered. When it was cool enough to hold, I took the axe away to conceal it for the time being.

With the rise of the next day, Robertson and I were in the woods once again. I wore a yellow baseball cap, an old flannel shirt, jeans, and heavy widened steel toed boots. They were the same boots from the lumber yard with the same nail sized puncture hole in the top of my right foot. Here, put this on. Robertson said, holding ankle straps with boot spikes. This will be a little different for you. I'll bet you haven't tried this before. 
I shook my head in agreement. I strapped the spikes to my boots. Robertson helped me chain the heavy power saw to my shoulders. I climbed up the tree at no extraordinary speed. Step by step, I did not trust any branches and persisted on a vise-like grip at the stock of the tree.
Near the peak, I reached behind me and took hold of the power saw. I swung it around to my front and the momentum shifted my weight back, bending the tree also. It creaked and I heard a crack from the tree's trunk down below. I jerked my weight forward and the tree trunk snapped and crackled again. I could feel the momentum swing. I knew I was going to go down with the tree.
Before the tree had broken free from the ground, I began remembering about last night. From that height I could see where I buried my new axe, so it could be discovered at a later date.
The tree only seemed to bend so far but it held. I breathed out an exhausting gust of relief. 
Snap!!! The whole tree jerked downwards, and I was on my way, free falling. Timber!!! Yelled Robertson.
AAAHHH!!! I screamed, the tree cracked and broke into splinters under the tight pressure of my left hand. With my other hand, I was trying to get the power saw as far away from me as possible. As the tree was falling, with me near the top of it, I ripped through branches of neighboring trees in my path.
The impact of my fall shook the Earth. I just laid there in the mess of pine needles and branches, not moving a muscle. How severe were my injuries? I could hear Robertson running to my aid. I wiggled my fingers, then my toes, and I knew I wouldn't be paralyzed. As I bent my knees and elbows, I could feel a strong burning sting all over my arms and legs.
Before Robertson reached my position, I hammered my hand onto a rock beside me and began climbing out from under the tree.
Robertson was still running as I stood up with my ripped plaid shirt and pants shredded and dangling off me. The junked power saw was also still connected. The impact of the machine smashing against the massive rock made the power saw seem like a bundle of broken parts.
Robertson leaped over a log and his spiked boots made a sound like metal on metal. He tripped and fell to the ground. Robertson crawled back up to see what hed stepped on and found a large metal rod, half buried in the dirt. He was exhausted.
Eddy! Robertson cried. Speak to me! Are you okay?
I'll be fine. How about you?
Come here, we have to move this thing so it doesn't damage the skidder, when it comes.
I knew exactly what he found. I approached him.
You are a mess, man. Robertson said when he took a good look at me. You junked another power saw? Harley's gonna be choked. I guess you should take the rest of the day off.
I gave him a nudge to the side as I paused, and picked up the ax. No, I said. I don't think I'll be taking the day off yet. Robertson and I marveled at the beauty and magnificence of the giant gleaming ax.
Whoo, man, I wonder what kind of guy would forget an axe like that? He looked at me for a moment. The thing must belong to someone like you, man!
I am the only one of my kind. I reminded Robertson.
Well, with an axe like that, you won't have to break any more of our tools.
Lets see how this beast cuts trees. I said changing the subject. I swung the axe from left to right. The blade whistled through the air. Stepping close to a marked tree I swooping the blade slightly up to give a diagonal cut to the base of the trunk.
Timber!!! Yelled Robertson.
I was able to chop the tree away from its base with a single swipe. I stepped toward the next tree and cut it down in the same way as the first.
Timber!!! Robertson announced again.
I glanced at Robertson with an annoyed eye. I proceeded to chop down about ten trees within the area. All trees fell with only a single stroke each. Cutting the ten trees took about six seconds.
Timb-tim - t-t- AHG!!! Robertson panicked. He wanted to keep up with me but he was forced to stay behind or else dodge the falling trees. I was cutting the trees down so fast it soon became a dangerous area even for me.
When I finished chopping down the wild, I retrieved my yellow baseball cap. I took off my ripped plaid shirt leaving myself in my dirty undershirt. My pants were also in bad shape so I belted them up with the chain which was previously used to strap the power-saw to my shoulders. The first log I began carrying on my shoulder was the biggest. I would carry the logs to a clearing, so to make work easier for the skidder, who hauled the trees to a landing. As I carried the first log through the thick bush I noticed a small doe fleeing from my sight. It was so tiny in comparison to my shadow.
I could feel the fibers of my body work the immense power and thrust of my strained muscles. It felt great. My left bulky arm glistened with beads of sweat while it firmly wrapped around the rough bark of the log. I concentrated on keeping the log stabilized on my left shoulder. My right hand clinched my hefty axe below my statue stiffened arm. The small trees and rocks within the perimeter of my path shook with each heavy step I took. The log had a four foot diameter and was eighteen feet of fresh juicy wood. Robertson and I must have cut close to five thousand trees by the end of the day.
When the other lumber jacks of the crew heard about how many trees I dropped, they demanded to see me in action. Harley also had a great personal interest in my work. They devised a test amongst themselves to see how many strokes of my axe it took to bring down The Old Wise One.
The Old Wise One was the oldest and largest coniferous birds eye maple tree of those parts and the tallest. The diameter of its base measured twelve feet and it had grown ninety-six feet into the air. It sucked twenty gallons of water per day.
Every single lumber jack was there to join the hike out to The Old Wise One. One hundred men and it was getting late. When we reached the mighty tree we had to light the area with flares. Chuckles Billadoe also arrived. He was the last to arrive, sweating from head to toe and panting like a dog. I gave him a side long glance and cocked an eye brow muscle. He smiled between puffs of air and motioned for me to continue all the while unable to speak. I approached the challenge and spit into my palms, I lifted my axe to swing, before I paused for a moment and faced the crowd, Stand back! I told them. Some men laughed because they did not believe I could chop it down, but others were optimistic and took the step back.
I wound back, before I lashed forth with the drive of a semi-truck and drove my axe deep into the base of The Old Wise One. I heard a reaction from the crowds amazement. My axe was so deep in the tree only half of the handle could be seen. Robertson said, Let it go, Eddy, you have proven your point. But I could not bring myself to leaving it. I grabbed the handle of the axe and worked it loose. I began chopping the tree with all I had. After twenty chops, the final flare winked out, The Old Wise One made a sound before it loudly cracked. Everyone was running for their lives in the blinding darkness of the woods. The Old Wise One broke away from its base and teetered over with both the sound of a great thunder storm and an eerie moan which we would take with us to our graves. I stepped back and looked up. Straining my eyes, I tried to determine the angle to which the tree would fall by the silhouette of the top branches in the moon light. Sure enough the tree slumped toward my left as it moved out from the halo of the large blue full moon. All hearts were pumping as no one knew if they would soon be under the old giant. It crashed to the ground and the vibration of the impact rippled throughout the earth, and into the hearts of all of the lumber jacks. A gust of dust and leaves brushed over my face as a result of the heavy fall. Everyone was shaken up with fear, including me.
I am not sure what bothered me the most, the sheer panic of the devastation or the darkness of the near death situation. We all returned to our cabins silently.
Looking back at how I put an entire mountain side of that Island to death, I felt a very strong sense of low self-esteem. Gazing up at the lone mountain of the Island, I would often imagine the fir trees which still remained were very old and very wise pointy green heads who looked down upon me in judgment. Their faces stern and never satisfied. Thank God for reforestation.
 
With the rising of a new day came stiffness and pain. I was up all night with Robertson, aching. Although the men believed I did most of the work, Robertson had the endless clean-up job of stacking the fallen trees. My usual night time studies had to be put off because of my relentless pain, stiffness and Robertsons moaning.
I peeked out from between the curtains which glowed from the golden rays of first morning light. I heard the familiar sound of birds waking up with cheerful song as they bathed in the morning dew. The sun was crawling around the Island, stretching out long arms of light. I was being welcomed to the new day, but as the rays of sunlight retracted and the mountain was more clearly lit, my eyes beheld a sight which stopped my breath and I no longer felt welcome anywhere. I saw the big picture, I surely did put an entire mountain side to death. With the sight, a huge wave of muscle cramps surged through my body. I turned away from the curtains and rolled back into my bed.
We asked someone to give a message to Harley, explaining we were having muscle pains and could be reached in the medical room.
At the medical room, Robertson and I were applying a muscle relaxing paste to our skin. The door opened and Harley stepped in.
Ouch! Exclaimed Harley. You guys look terrible.
It feels worse. Robertson replied. It is nothing worse than muscle cramps, but we won't be able to do any serious work today, sir.
I am very impressed with you two. He wiped the sweat from his forehead. Almost five thousand trees, forget the light duty, you two can have the day off. Harley placed his hands on his hips. I will pay you guys an extra day, but only this once. By doing this I can prove a point to the other men but I don't want to be accused of favouritism. He paused, You see, today is my sons first day on the job. It would be nice if I could find a good man to show him around while we prepare to move to the next logging block. So, one of you will give my son a grand tour and the other will relax, unless you want to be real dedicated troopers. I could have you do some general duties like clean-up or help the mechanic tinker with a broken piece of machinery.
Eddy? Robertson called to me. You should show the lad around. I have to discuss something here with Harley.
All right! I nodded in agreement. Sounds easy enough.
Hes just outside, Eddy. Harley nodded before he turned to Robertson.
I stepped out from the muggy medical room and into the fresh morning air. I expected to find Burl standing there as he was the only son I knew Harley had, but I found a young boy, about seventeen or eighteen years old. I knew him from the school house. He was a quiet boy named Hal. He was Domin's roommate if I remembered correctly. I smiled to him and figured since there was nobody else around, he must be Harleys son. He carried a small duffel bag over his shoulder. He was short and thin with a blond boyish hair style. When he looked at me as I came out of the door, his jaw dropped open and his eyes almost popped out of his head.
Hello Hal, you wouldn't happen to be Harleys son, would you? I asked cheerfully, biting back the pain.
Yeah, Eddy. Do you remember me from school? he gulped at the shock of my presence up close. I'm Hal.
Of course I remember you. We haven't gotten to know one another very well but I've always wanted to meet you. I shook his hand. I was careful not to squeeze too hard and hurt him in case he wanted to pull the same trick as his father did. Your father asked me to show you around the lumber block.
Oh, this again. Hal said quietly under his breath.
As we walked along the dirt road, Hal said. You know, I have heard a lot about you. You sure are big.
And where did you hear about me? I asked,
My father and my brother, Burl, were talking about you. They were saying how cool it is to watch you work. You can do impossible jobs with ease, supposedly. He smiled. You remind me of Grizz. He shook as he heard himself speak out loud, before he looked at me with a slight quiver in his eyes. No offense. He offered shyly.
None taken. I replied dryly. Who is Grizz?
Grizz also lives here on the Island, you must have met him.
I didn't know it at the time but Hal was referring to Domin. I haven't met Grizz yet but if I remind you of him, then I can't wait to meet him.
Hal laughed, Ya, right, you know who I'm talking about.
You mean, Domin? I asked.
No, Grizz. Hal persisted. 
I didn't want to continue running around the issue any longer though we were talking about the same person all along. I gently took Hal's duffle bag and placed it next to the steps of the office. Hal gestured he wanted to keep a smaller shoulder pack slung over his left shoulder. We began walking as I started a fresh topic of small talk, I haven't really worked at the lumber yard long enough to become close friends with Harley and Burl, but who knows, maybe you and I will get a chance to really get to know one another.
Uh, hu. said Hal. You never know.
What is your focus in the logging field, Hal?
I want to get into the feller's position for starters. I can hardly wait.
Hey, thats cool. I told him as I carefully patted his shoulder. I just happen to be a feller, maybe someday we can be working together. I've been doing a lot of work as a feller yesterday, thats why I'm in such bad shape today.
If youre in bad shape, then whats in store for me? Hal had a good question.
Don't worry little buddy, I don't think you will be expected to work as hard as I did.
We walked up into the forest from the road. I was discussing adverse hauling when Hal cut in.
Eddy, gear down for a moment. My father is the manager and I am his son. I know all about adverse hauling and everything else. Why don't you tell me something about yourself?
Like what? I asked, surprised to find he wasn't really listening to me.
Well, what do you expect to accomplish here? The question struck me as so odd. Did this boy just slip-up and reveal how others maybe onto my plans of returning to my world? Could he know of the cave and the secrets within it? The questions flashed through my mind in a second before they were lost at what he said next. I mean, you don't want to be a lumberjack all of your life, do you? Hals voice was harmless and unhesitating. I checked into his thoughts delicately and found no deceit.
Hal placed his hand to his head as he detected a slight discomfort of my telepathy. For him it would be like a small head ache was coming on. I ceased the connection of my mind and his head ache disappeared instantly.
No, I answered with relief for his question was so carefree, pure and unsuspecting. I hope to become an astronomer and prove life exists on other planets.
I dont think you need a telescope for that. How exactly do you plan to prove it? Hal asked as though he was not sure if he was in danger for asking.
Can you see me alright? I asked with sarcasm, I'm only joking, they will not look like me, if thats what youre wondering. Hal seemed tense as though he thought I was about to chew his head off and blow a bubble with it. They will have large heads and eyes, standing only half my size and thinly framed with a small convexed nose and no mouths and they will not wear any clothing.
How is it you think you know so much about aliens? Hal asked suspiciously.
I have detailed studies on past recorded encounters. Out of all of the reported alien encounters, certain facts seem to remain the same. I mean you dont really think I am an alien do you?
Hal looked at me funny and shrugged his shoulders as he looked away. If you're sure, Im sure. I had to be careful not to talk too much and reveal my own close encounter experience. Besides, what is it you want to do with your life?
Me? Hal looked at the ground and began to answer softly. I want people to realize there is a higher power which is far bigger than any of us, a power that is in control. As much as people would like to believe they have control, they really don't. Just look at the bigger picture, each of us don't live long enough to make a significant difference. Only with positive thinking, a patience to attain peace and a respectful faith in God, our father in Heaven, can we move forward. When we understand this, we will have harmony amongst the nations of the world. People should also recognize our government is not forever. Everything rises from the Earth, passes through and returns to the Earth. Only God is everlasting.
Interesting. Very vague, but interesting. It sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders, but are you capable of working your way deep enough into today's politics to deliver your righteous point of view with the integrity and drive to actually obtain and maintain it. If you could achieve this in a powerful way, you would also need to deliver some instruction to keep such a balance. Back-up procedures to maintain peace, and possibly restructuring ideas because perfection always meets with opposition.
I am no different from anyone else. Hal looked me up and down as though he was sizing me up. Well, I maybe different from you of course.
Of course. I sent back.
I remember how smart you were in class, but sometimes your thunder was just so loud the rest of us were never heard. he looked at me and the message was received loud and clear. Hal had something to say and it would be my turn to be silent, if I could manage it. If I could finally get to that place where the whole world would stop and listen to me, I am not sure if my message would take. I may feel very moved by what I believe and for what I might say, but no matter how much I believe in my idea of changes and good intentions, I cannot convince everyone else to share in my belief with mere words alone.
Hal pulled out a book from his small shoulder bag, and began flipping through the pages, as if he was looking for something.
Is that a bible you have there? I asked, though I was ninety-five percent sure it was.
Yes, don't you have one?
No. I answered with respect.
Oh, did you forget it in your cabin, or maybe it slipped your mind when you were packing before you arrived here?
No, No, I haven't seen a bible in a long time. I cannot get into it. Maybe it's just because it is too deep for me.
Maybe it was an old king James version. This one is very easy to understand. Here! Hal said and passed me his bible. I want you to have mine, I mean, this book does contain Gods instructions on how to live your life. Did you know the word 'bible' means 'The Book?' It's the most important book in the world and it will always be the most important. It has sixty six historical records and it took roughly fifteen hundred years for the whole bible to be written.
Look, Hal, you are a nice kid, I didn't realize you were the religious type though. I like you and I don't want you to take this the wrong way, but I just don't have time to read this. I am too busy all the time.
Why do you make excuses? Hal asked in a calm voice. I could read some passages to you but I am afraid you'll have to find your own time to read them all. I huffed in discouragement, before he continued. Can't you feel there is something out there? Something very powerful? You must be able to feel it inside of you or else you would be without a soul.
I know all about this stuff, and the way you people try to cram it down my throat. Besides, I would believe in aliens before I would believe in spirits and divine holiness. I am a magician, and I know how powerful the use of illusions can be. I held out the bible for him to take it.
Hals eyes began to burn with frustration. I would not lie to you. Hal said. I will only tell you the truth. The truth is sometimes hard to believe, but if there was a void of darkness with one light which people were to run to in this world, the light would be the holy scriptures of the bible, because the bible was written to expose the truth of salvation. Trust God, not man. The entire bible is true because when Jesus walked on earth there were thousands of people who witnessed his Godly teachings. His message was pure and without fault, containing powerful miracles and signs which proved the existence of all that is holy. If I were given instructions by God to enter the politics of not only our nation but our entire world with proof of the existence of God, I would accept such a job in a heartbeat, but I do not have the power to prove anything. When Jesus would go to churches, he did not tell people the bible was wrong in any way. If there was something in the Old Testament which troubled the father, Jesus would have pointed it out and warned us about a certain scripture. He did not bring warnings, he brought acceptance. Please give my bible a second chance. It is my gift to you. Hal looked up at me and said, I don't want it back, it would be an insult to me if you returned it. His eyes sizzled in a burning heat. He turned and walked away, with a huff. He went back down the hillside to the road. I looked down at the old ratty bible in my hand. Opening it, I quickly flipped through the pages. I found loose sheets of written notes and statements scribbled in the margins with underlined phrases. When Hal was out of sight, I tossed the book into the underbrush. The mood was bitter and we walked with a little distance between us for a short while until Hal waited up for me. He wasnt aggravated for long. Like someone waved a magic wand and everything was forgotten.

At the end of a long day of walking, talking and surveying the land, Hal and I returned to the foremans office, Harley told me Robertson packed-up and left the business to retire. He was on the first helicopter out. It was unfortunate he had to go but when I inquired of what his reasons were for choosing that particular time to leave, all Harley would tell me was. He was not specific as to why he wanted to retire. I know he had been thinking about it a lot these past few months. He did mention a comment, something like, Now, Ive seen it all.'
I was to take over his position as a faller and Hal was to be my feller and new room-mate. I was aggravated by the news so I returned to my cabin for the evening. I found it difficult to remain focused on my studies. The rain started to fall outside and I couldn't get Hals bible out of my mind. It was getting soaked. Hal spoke about his book with such enthusiasm I became interested at some deep level. I wanted to go out and retrieve it but my logic told me it was best to just let it go. I did not sleep, I did not study, I did not go out and get the book. I battled my thoughts all night. Trying to think about other things but always going back to Hals bible.

The next day was a long day and the rain never let up. Huge drops fell everywhere soaking everything. I had orders to train Hal and the weather was not looking good. A rolling storm carried high winds over us and the heavy rains just became heavier.
Hal and I suited up in our yellow rain gear. Oddly enough, my rain suit was a perfect fit.
You probably believe you are an evolved version of what man is to become. Hal said. Evolution was not how you or I were created because evolution is the natural growth stages of living organisms from one generation to the next. Biology will tell you humans are one of the slowest evolving creatures of the earth. So explain to me, why are we the most advanced? Also, if a puddle of green goop can evolve into life on earth, then how does green goop naturally become so radically advanced? Does all green goop have an instructing mother goop, or genetic code to follow? Where did the first living goop come from? And who or what designed the evolutionary genetic code? In fact, green goop has nothing to do with life because we did not evolve. Scientists can break things down to a mathematical formula. This is not perfect. Mathematical formulas have more wrong answers attached to them than correct ones. Yet perfection has been found. So if things can be perfect and complicated, there must be an intelligence behind it, a God and he must be the all powerful creator. The very God people have spoken of since the beginning. This isn't complicated, its simple, but because people find it unbelievable, they won't believe. Miracles happen to people everyday. It is only by our own arrogance that we turn a blind eye when God blesses us. He touches us, even you, Eddy. Somehow, before we recognize God's hand has moved in our lives, so often we immediately disassociate the blessing because it is either too unbelievable or we feel a sense of unworthiness. Like God couldn't possibly love us that much, but he does. That's the cool part. There is a great power in charge of the development of this world, right down to the most microscopic detail. This power is also responsible for our stable eco-system, food chains, the variety within each living species, and even the weather. Nothing can be naturally formed without a plan but everything follows the predetermined plan of God. There is evidence all around us and even within ourselves of masterful governing thoughts, preparations and preset instructions in motion. With the guiding hand of God there is stability and peace, without God there is confusion and conflict where everything would be mixed up to the point that nothing would exist. Atoms and particles would float around loosely.
A very interesting point of view. I stated crossing my arms. It gives me a lot to think about. Now consider this. You are no different from anyone else. You talk like you have all the answers. A scientist talks like they have the answers and when it all comes down to it, we all just have theories and our own opinions which best suit our own specific needs.
Who or what is God? One might argue he is simply a higher power. But an alien culture could also fit the bill as a higher power could it not? With a technology which is far beyond that of earth's, would we not agree they are the creators if they claimed to be? I am not saying you are wrong. I am just saying it is hard to preach peace when you are preaching indifference. I hoped that would be the end of it.
Hal looked at me with wide young innocent eyes. I think I spooked him a little when I mentioned 'alien culture.' I'm sure it wouldn't have sounded quite so powerful if it had been said by a human. Hal noticed my ax. Wow! Incredible! He said enthusiastically. Nice axe, it looks very heavy, is it hard to work with?
It does the job. I said bluntly. I looked up expecting to see God frowning down at me, but rather it seemed like the entire ocean filled the sky above and was draining upon us. I could see we were near our job.
We hiked our way up to the assigned area. Stand back! I said firmly. I began chopping down the trees. When I was finished, I joined Hal who was stripping branches off fallen trees. I observed and gave him some pointers. I noticed a quiet ripping noise from behind us through the rain. Usually I wouldn't respond to such a slight sound, but instinctively I did.   
I turned just as a tree had uprooted from the ground and began falling toward us. I dropped my axe and raised my arms in defense. As the tree landed into my hands, all of the muscles in my body became tense to support its weight. For a moment, it looked like the tree was going to overpower me. I shifted my body toward Hal and pushed the tree the opposite way. Hal was yelling in shock. The tree fell to the ground with a heavy impact and settled in its place. 
I knelt down by Hals side to calm him.
Its okay, little buddy. The tree fell down, and youre going to be fine. I rubbed his shoulders carefully in order to comfort him but I didn't want to hurt him since I was quite shaken, making it hard for me to be altogether gentle.
Y-you saved my life. Hal said with a shaken voice.
Look, little buddy, you're welcome, but I would have done it for anyone.
You are truly blessed. Hal commended.
Now, wait a minute, don't start with your piety again. You know how I feel about it, and I don't want to hear you telling anyone about what happened because you will change it into some kind of spiritual glory thing.
Everyone should know what you did. Stop covering up what you do, and rather, let the Eddy inside shine like a blazing light for all to see. Hal began quoting Mark 4:36 from the bible. Do you bring in a lamp to put it under a bowl or a bed? Instead, don't you put it on its stand? For whatever is hidden is meant to be brought out into the open. Hal went on despite the great drops of rain spilling down his face. With measure you use, it will be measured to you - and ever more. Whoever has, will be given more; whoever does not have, even what he has will be taken away from him.
Thunder cracked and following it, the rain began to fall even harder and it came all at once. The ground was very muddy, so I signaled for a feller buncher to climb a hillside, just as Robertson had done before. The motor revved high as it crawled closer.
Eddy? Hal asked.
Aren't you finished yet? I snapped. Save it for later, we have work to do.
Why must you rebuke me, criticize me, and condemn me for my beliefs, while I continue to care about you? The wind began to pick up. Tell me, Eddy, would you commit yourself to a stranger forever just because that person does good things? Or would you get to know the person first? I noticed another tree rip from the muddy soil. God wants to get to know you through a relationship. People want to get to know you because of what you look like. I began to raise a red flag on a pole as a marker for the feller buncher. They don't really care, they only want to examine you. Let the Lord come into your life, your heart and your soul. I signaled the driver of the feller buncher so he knew exactly what tree he was supposed to go after. You cannot go to Heaven until you get to know the Lord and begin living your life through adding faith to your good works!
I grabbed his shoulders. Listen to me, and shut up! The ground is becoming unstable. Quickly, run down the hill and over to the other side of this feller buncher. Finally, I would be rid of his annoyances.
Hal climbed down the hill clumsily. He slid a short distance on his butt and began crossing behind the path of the feller buncher when a log was loosened from under the tire of the machine and began rolling down the hill toward Hal. 
Hal!!! I shouted to alert the boy.
The log moved so fast. A mere couple of seconds passed before the log was right there upon him. Hal stopped and turned in response to me as the log rolled onto him. I leaped from where I was standing, moving through the air down the hillside to Hals aid. I splashed down into the mud heavily. I lifted the log off Hal from one end. His chest was crushed. The mud was coming down the slope and covering him. I glanced up at the feller buncher. It was gripped to a large tree. The massive tires spun in the muddy slope. It cut the tree, leaving a stump. Without the tree to anchor the machine any longer it began sliding down the hill toward us. I shouted for the driver to stop, before I noticed the wheels were locked up. Each second was like a strenuous hour and yet there was no time at all.
The machine came down the hill and slid onto the log I was holding. My hands slipped from it and it fell back onto Hal. My feet began to slip in the mud. The driver of the machine was leaning out of the window, waving for me to get out of the way. The machine slid right over the log which had Hal pinned. I moved away from behind the feller buncher and grabbed it as it was moving past. The feller buncher was too heavy. I dug my boots into the ground until I was knee deep in mud. I tried in vain to move it but I knew it was too late. I couldnt breathe. My eyes welled up with tears and my strength drained out of me completely. I felt so useless and guilty, but I hadnt quite realized how serious the accident was. It seemed so dream-like at the time. It was like a heavy hand had pushed a rolling pin across some dough, and Hal was the dough. Even with all of my strength, I could not influence the forces of the situation. This sort of thing wasnt supposed to happen in the real world, but it did.
I needed Evon to help me to deal with the feelings and emotions which surrounded the guilt I felt for Hals death. Through the relentless rain, men worked all around me to retrieve Hals body. They seemed to ignore me like I was a ghost or something. Before I left the area, I took time to wearily hike up into the forest, just off the dirt road. I was light headed and in shock. I came to a familiar place where Hal and I talked on his first day.
I ripped the bush out of the ground, where I had thrown his bible. I could not see the book anywhere. I shook the bush, and sure enough, the bible fell out. I wanted to give the bible to Harley, since he would be feeling a sense of obsession for anything that was his sons, but Hal wanted me to have the bible. It was wet and small in my hands. I pressed it against my cheek and my tears ran over it. I looked up to the storm clouds in puzzlement. Take care of him. I said to God. He is one of the good guys. He will be missed. I looked back down at the ratty little book and slid it into the chest of my rain coat. I would keep it safe. It was his will to give it to me in the first place.

	Dragging my feet, I walked to head office carrying my axe by the tip of the handle in the rain. The blade dug a groove into the mud behind me. All work for the day had come to a complete halt. There were people everywhere and Harley was standing just outside the office door at the top of the stairs addressing the workers. He called a meeting but Harley's face was not the same. He looked pale like all the blood had drained out of him. When I approached the meeting and the people noticed me, they parted to let me near Harley. Oddly, the circle of men closed up behind me. Drop that weapon. Harley said, staring me down. 
I let go of the axe and it had a muffled, heavy splash when it struck the wet ground. I heard what the people were saying about the accident and the terrible damage to Hals body. I could see the body bag and I knew the remains of Hal were in it. I tried to explain how it was an accident but everyone had already made up their minds and it was as though they expected me to defend myself, like a guilty person would. Everyone wanted to blame someone for Hals death so it was no surprise when the fingers began to point at me, for even I blamed myself.
A long while passed where Harley just stared at me saying nothing. I could see the hate brewing, his eyes pink and puffy from crying and the building of emotional pressure. Without breaking eye contact with me, Harley stepped down from the office steps. He walked right up to me and glared up into my eyes. Finally, he vented his stress. You killed my son!!! Harley shouted spittle in my face. Murderer!!! Go to hell!!! His fist flew up at me and I let him tag my jaw.
I wished Harley's fist could have hurt me as I looked through the crowd scanning each face. As I swept my sight all around, I paused briefly at Chuckles Billadoe. He had tears welling up in his eyes. I sensed confusion and pain, before he looked down and away in shame. I locked gazes with a few others. It was only a moment ago when I was arm wrestling and having a great time with these guys. I wished Robertson was there, then again, I was relieved he wasnt. I expected a more definite form of my employment termination to take place next.
Harley did not fire me because he wanted to make sure I got what I deserved. Therefore, I told Harley, I quit. Still out front in the muddy lot of head office, all of the men from the camp, loyal to Harley, remained standing around us. I saw a look in their eyes like they were looking for a reason to kill me. They must have thought I let it happen. I was too strong in their eyes to let a tragedy like this happen. I went from hero to murderer in mere minutes.
The rain was still falling hard, Tie him up. Harley ordered pointing his finger at me. His face twisted into a snarl.
Harley, I quit. Let me just grab my stuff and I will get outa here. I stared deep into his eyes for a moment as I let out a breath. I leaned forward and picked up my ax.
Ive already told you once. Put that weapon down.
This is not a weapon in my hands. Its a tool, and I'm no criminal. I tried to save Hal. I tried to save your son.
If you think you are just going to walk away from me, you are wrong. I wont let you escape. Harleys eyes were like sharp slits that shot blood red hate at me. I will have justice, even if it has to a little small town justice. I saw an evil in Harley's eyes, the like of which I didn't imagine was possible. There was a brief stand-off as we were waiting for one another to make the first move.
I heard a military convoy approaching from the road and I knew it was best to surrender and let them tie me up. My only worry was they would try to do more than hurt me as a last attempt at revenge.
Thankfully, the military arrived in good timing and no one else had to get hurt.

I was blind folded and taken to a room somewhere on the Island. I was instructed to sit in a chair. When I did sit in the cold metal chair, straps were fastened to my wrists, waist and ankles. It was a room I hadnt been in before and I hoped I would never be there again. The blind fold was removed and a man was assembling a chart metering machine of some sort. At first glance it seemed to resemble an earthquake rector scale. Lights were lit at the far end of the room and a row of people were sitting behind a long table.
Eddy, back so soon? announced a voice.
Who? I squinted my eyes and focused, before I recognized the panel of men. I smiled at them. I was wondering how you guys were doing. I said.
We are fine, Eddy, but it seems youve gotten yourself into a little bit of trouble. Dr. Evon said.
That depends on how you want to look at it. I gave a questioning look to two men who cautiously approached me with scissors and cut my T-shirt off.
Could you explain this little episode to us so we can know how to look at it? The doctor asked in a coy manner.
Id be more than happy to explain everything to you in great detail but first youve got to tell me what this thing here is and what this guy is doing with it. The operator at the machine began to place adhesive stickers to my head, arms and chest. The sticky sensors had a thin wire connecting each one of them to the machine.
This is a polygraph, or a lie detector machine, Eddy. We are going to use it on all of your co-workers from the logging company. From these results we will be able to determine what really happened out there.
A wired clip was fastened to my finger. I let out a slow breath and tried to relax. I made a mental note for Evon to not interfere. I wanted to use the power of the truth for this one.
I was never allowed to see the results of any of the lie detector tests but I think they were pleased with the story I gave them. As long as no one came to hunt me down, I felt Harley must have quit gunning for me.

Luckily, the school board had given me two weeks to decide if I could make it at the job in the lumber yard. I re-enlisted and continued my education. One night, I was feeling a deep pit of guilt for Hals death. I opened Hal's bible and read every word. I even took the time to read his many water smudged notes in the margins. Even though Hal's writing was barely readable, made up of chicken scratch hand writing and half thoughts, I was able to follow his own personal spiritual growth. I found a sense of comfort where if there was a heaven, Hal would be there.
Gastonish was delighted to have me back home with her, and I was just as satisfied as she was to be home. The loggers fell behind in their clear-cutting contract deal. 
Harley, his wife and Burl organized a funeral on the beach of the Knolix Island. It was a big event as countless military personnel were present, as were everyone under Harley's employment and the entire population of the town of Scamp. Flowers, musicians and lots of food was provided. Everything said had to pass a code of conduct. The Island officials had a way of controlling everything. No one was permitted to say anything about me or relate my involvement with the incident or incidents leading up to Hal's death. From everything that was said at the funeral, I felt a strong focus on not only the value of life but Hal's great faith. The short time I spent with Hal not only rubbed off on me, but it changed my life for the better. I believed, because God could not be proven or disproven, the Lord deserved the benefit of the doubt. I would need to be humble. After the eulogy, when everyone was to pray in a moment of silent at Hals funeral, I prayed silently to myself, Lord, please assist me in finding my way. Should I stay or should I go? As I trust you in your ways, I trust you to help me now. You are the God who is most powerful, thank you for leading me.

With the aid of the polygraph, it was discovered Harley and Burl were obsessed in bringing their own brand of justice to me. They tried to come to my cabin and they were looking for me at my school. The military officials were always right on top of Harley and his little logging crew of followers. I heard, as a rumor, that Harley was planning to kill me one night but one of his loyal logging crew members was a paid off Knolix Island spy who turned him in. After Harley was betrayed, he and his entire crew was immediately banished from the Island. Through the whole time the events were unfolding around me, I was resting comfortably in my home. In the end, the logging agreement was canceled and no one ever returned to finish the next phase of the project.
Gastonish felt very sorry about the accident with Hal. She, along with Dr. Evon, the Islands authorities and my teacher Mr. Dalton, tried very hard to help relieve the guilt I put on myself. I kept wondering if there was something more I could have done to prevent Hal's death, but it was Evon, my little sertz who really shinned as a counselor. He was able to read my thoughts and feelings and use them to help me draw strength from them. Yet, despite Evons ability to help me, the experience still managed to haunt my dreams. I wondered if I would ever fully recover from it.

At the end of October, the pumpkins came out and the colors orange and black became popular. Halloween was a typical human holiday. Everyone dressed up to be spooky, before they scared others. Hal would probably think playing games with evil was no different than playing with fire, an eternal fire.
My mother did not like the idea or the history behind Halloween either. In our home it was life as usual, except there was this Halloween dance at the school. I knew Sally would be there, and I didn't want to miss seeing her in a funny costume and how could I possibly pass up a dance.
I spent a whole day creating my costume with Evon. We programmed it into the Romstrunn. The finished product was perfection. We created a shiny metal suit of armor with a comic book like super hero look. The under suit was black and the metal was quite intricately designed. The helmet was derived from an early Roman style with a single raised strip of metal which ran from the fore-head over the helmet to the back. I wore Light blue tinted bubble goggles over my eyes. The metal was altered to be super light and made out of soup tins and other scrap aluminum. I used my lintin to shape the metal and added a few hidden lights for extra special effects. As a final touch I draped a cape over my back which hung down to my knees.
Finally, I was ready for the dance. I walked to the school where the dance was to be held, but I wanted to fly there as Super Eddy and his side kick Evon. My mother told me strictly not to be tempted to use any volk technology, because it would devastate the future.
Everyone arrived at the school in their costumes, except me. A huge blue tent had been erected on the school field. I approached the lineup of school mates waiting to get in. When they saw me, they began to laugh. Hey, look! One said, Eddys costume is the best, and he isn't even wearing one.
I shook off anything they said because I knew my costume would be a hit. You guys look great. I said gleefully. I walked around the tent to the back, it was there, in one of the nearby bushes where I stripped off my outer clothes down to my black long underwear and clipped on the aluminum armor which covered my body with the heroic image of an 'E' in front of a large 'V'. The 'E' stood for; Eddy and the 'V' stood for; Volk. Within the tent, loud music started up with an alluring beat. The Halloween party was on. When I returned, the lineup of children and teens disappeared. They all entered the tent. I presented my school ticket dance pass and walked into the tent as-well.
I walked in through the opening and straight onto the wooden dance floor where I indulged myself in the part. I did my best to mimic street dancers who I had seen on TV. I stopped in the center of the dance floor, where I danced along with the loud music. Everyone stood back giving me a lot of room on the dance floor. I smiled and eyed the classmates in the crowd. Raising my hands above my head, I flexed and the blue glow of my little hidden blue lights rapidly pulsed to the beat of the music. I lowered my arms to a new position and flexed my muscles again. I flexed one last time as the music was winding up to end in its climax. As the final beats burst forth, I placed my fists on my hips, straightened my back and parted my feet in a heros stance. Everyone cheered and applauded. They were very interested in my costume. They could not understand how it worked, but I explained it was really very simple.
The girls crowded the dance floor and danced in groups. The few couples were also dancing, including Sally and Kinta. Most of the guys stood up along the wall of the tent, but not my portion of the tents wall. I made them stand in front of me in hopes they would start to dance first. After many songs, I began to wonder why I was even there. I was only interested in one girl, and she was taken.
A slow song began, the first waltz of the night. I couldn't let this chance pass me by. I nudged my way through the barricade of kids who stood around me. I gently placed my hand on Sally's shoulder and they both stopped to look at me. She was dressed like a princess.
May I have this dance? I tried to charm her.
No! said Kinta forcefully. His costume was that of an Indian warrior with a head-dress full of feathers. I stared him down and he backed away a little. 
Kinta knew he was no match for my strength, so he stood between Sally and I. He looked at her and asked. Sally, do you want to dance with him?
The feathers of Kinta's head-dress tickled my face and irritated my nose.
Kinta. Sally told him. I'll give him just this one dance.
She tried to raise her arms up high enough to put them around my neck, but I was too tall. I couldn't get my hands down low enough to place them on her waist, so she suggested we improvise, and I lifted her so she was in my arms as we danced.
The song was very nice, and slow, I felt as though I was in a dream and I did not want to stop dancing. When the song ended, I gave Sally a big warm hug. I was careful not to squeeze. When I set her back on the ground, she began to blush. She smiled and looked up at me, tilting her head slightly to one side. She looked so cute I couldn't resist. I leaned forward to give her a kiss on the cheek, but before I could, Kinta budded in our way.
What do you two think you're going to do? Kiss? Did you happen to notice I was standing right here? Or the hundreds of witnesses who go to our school? Kinta had us pinned in the spotlight. I was beginning to feel guilty.
What are you saying, Kinta! Sally said in defense. Kinta began to look worried and backed away. All we did was dance! We didn't kiss!
He was going to kiss you! Kinta was irate as he pointed out what was all too obvious.
No he wasn't, were you, Eddy. You weren't going to kiss me, were you?
If I lied, I could have gotten into a lot of trouble. If I told the truth, I would be in even more trouble. Many people were waiting to hear my answer, so I filled my lungs and made my voice much deeper than it already was and said, Great party Kinta. Maybe you should calm down. Im leaving anyway. I turned on my heels and left the dance.

A couple of days after the night of the dance, I was able to find a part-time job which paid minimum wage at Bigwheels. Bigwheels was a scrap metal car lot at the edge of the town. 
Bigwheel was overweight, but he was slim in comparison to Chuckles Billadoe. Every day I knew Bigwheels, he was dressed in dirty clothes. I asked him why he doesn't wear clean clothes and he said his clothes are all so stained with used oil and grease, even his clean clothes look dirty. Shoes never seemed to agree with his feet as he always wore sandals for every occasion. I'm not sure what Bigwheels eyes looked like as he always wore sunglasses, even in the dark. His hair was long and in need of a combing but that was Bigwheels. He was happy and that alone made him the kind of person who was not only approachable but likable as well.
What I admired about Bigwheels the most was how he lived his life to the beat of a drum that was all his own. He could care less what anyone else thought of him. In that respect I wanted to be like him.
I remember Mr. Bigwheel, primarily as a very large and dirty mechanic. He named the business after himself. The military would deliver old beat up vehicles to the lot where we stripped them and fixed them back up for the people of the Island to use. A special working relationship developed between Bigwheel and I. He liked the way I kept his junk yard tidy, and he was quite intrigued by many of the vehicle modifications I had in mind. Bigwheel would once in a while give me parts when I asked for them. I kept every part I could. Soon I began to draft up a little blue print of a car.
While I was in the process of actually building the car, my mother came down to Bigwheels garage to pay me a visit, and see what my new job and responsibilities consisted of.
Building a car? Gastonish asked when she found me under one in the garage. Gastonish despised the time I put into my hobby car because the way she saw it, I wasn't putting in enough time with her at the cave with the Zandith Crockmior lifeboat.
Ya, there is no terrain this little baby won't be able to handle. I'm gonna build her to handle the roughest landscape conditions you can imagine. I always referred to my home made car as a female.
Who is going to drive it I mean her. Gastonish asked. I knew she wasn't going to entertain my fancying the hobby car for much longer.
I'll drive her, shes mine after all.
You can't drive this, you don't have a license.
I rolled out from under the car laying on the creeper. Who cares about a license, cops don't spend their time waiting to catch speeding drivers on this Island.
Is it necessary for you to put so much time and energy into this project? Gastonish finally came to it as I knew she would.
I think so. Why? I pressed.
Bending down and pulling me close, Gastonish whispered. Because, I thought our primary concern was to grow the life-boat Zandith Crockmior and go home. Gastonish's words were like daggers and they cut deep. I did not want to let her down, but how was I supposed to let her know? I was liking this world. I had plans of winning over the love of Sally, finishing my car, perhaps even getting married and growing old. I had so many plans, and this world was becoming my home with the more time I spent there.
 I often wondered what it would be like to live in a world without peace. Peace was something our world was rich with. Gastonish surprised me with her statement.
Verticus? I asked to confirm this was what she referred to as our world.
Yes, I feel it was a greater power which brought us here and the same power that is allowing us to survive. I thought about it for a moment and it seemed like a possibility. It was an awakening to the real problem at hand. The Zandith Crockmior is almost ready. You keep on making money and going to school and I will finish the final preparations for the Zandith Crockmior. Remember, there are no guarantees the Zandith Crockmior life-boat will take us home. I support your efforts, Eddy, but if it doesn't work, we must be prepared to stay here. This is why we need money and you need an education. You know you can be what you want to be, but you cannot change the course of your destiny. I just don't want you to get so caught up with your life here, you end up neglecting our efforts to go home.
You're absolutely right, mom. It has never been my intention to neglect the Z.C. It's just, the longer we live here the more I seem to like it. I confessed.
Choose your lifes course, Eddy, and see it through. We walked over to a cluttered bench of motor parts and tools. There we sat on the stools. I have come a long way. Gastonish told me. Pretend for a moment youre a human and you have gone back in time to the age of the cavemen. Your accumulated knowledge would be so much greater than all others. You would seem to be a God in their eyes. You could make a wheel and travel fast, or everyones favorite, fire. If you created fire, you would be looked up to by even the greatest leader of that ancient age.
Why haven't you tried anything like that, mom? This is an ancient age to you.
I have, and it has been what has been keeping us alive here for all of these years. I will continue to be clever and unpredictable by revealing some secrets of volk technology. Gastonish paused for a moment and looked down at my rough blueprints. Its unfortunate I must keep from exposing too much information.
When I first arrived to this world, I was not welcome. I was shot at by defensive Americans who severely burned me and took me captive. I birthed life to you, a story I must have told you a thousand times. I smiled and nodded my head. You were considered different in this world but not to me. To me you are the only piece of normal I have left to hold onto. If it wasn't for you, I would have given up long ago.
Is this supposed to be a good story? I asked in search of hearing something a little more positive and not so sad.
Yes, now let me finish. After we encountered the Ornocks and after the other incident where you were abducted, I felt like the end was very near, but we always managed to make it. Now, I don't want to get by on mere luck, alone. I have a secret, a plan I have been polishing up for a long time. I want you to be a part of it. You have been making part-time money after school and I support your efforts. We must prepare for the possibility we may never find a way back home. If we find we are left stranded here, I don't want to continue living like we are, locked under the leash of the human Government. The humans have chosen this Island for us, so I have decided to accept it as our own. If we have to stay, I do not want us to trouble this world. We will live quietly and secluded, we will rule this little Island.
I support this idea for now, as back up, but we must talk about it in greater depth. There are a lot of details for us to cover and we should make certain we dont leave any loose ends. We discussed the idea even further, while I tinkered around with a motor.
When Gastonish and I were preparing to go home and I was cleaning my work-space, a thought occurred to me. Mom, have you realized how since we had these tracking chips put in our teeth, all shipping of supplies to and from the Island have come to a halt? Gastonish passed a tool to me. She paused to consider my thought.
It is strange, no cargo ships, no ferries or any sea worthy vessels for that matter, yet fresh supplies are never in need. We pursued the matter until we could pursue it no more. It just became another one of the odd mysteries of the Knolix Island. 

I almost finished my car after about one month from the time I designed the blue prints. Some parts were hard to find, but Bigwheels was nice enough to make special orders for me from across the ocean at Metro City. I worked closely with Bigwheels as I created a motor which was fueled by air and also exhausted air. I saw a great change in Bigwheels as I earned his respect and we devised a new form of transportation which had never been conceived of before.
After I created such a new and intricate project, as this motor Bigwheels and I devised, I had a strong sense to do the same for the Zandith Crockmior. By the silver crest of the moon at midnight, I went to the cave of the Zandith Crockmior L/X life boat. I pushed the touch activated boulder away from the caves mouth. I stepped inside and the boulder sealed up behind me. I walked down the long narrow tunnel. It led to the opening where I saw the giant hexagon shaped cocoon. It was transparent enough for me to see the life-boat wasp staring up at me from inside. Within the beautiful cave of glowing crystal walls, the growing synthetic larva seemed to be fully functional. The immense cocoon of the Zandith Crockmior life-boat was supported by thick cables and giant chains.
I walked along the platform to the top of the cocoon and peered down at it. I saw no movement and the only sound I could hear was a soft breathing from the life-boat which was just barely audible. It was as though it was sleeping like a child. According to the romstrunn, the respiratory system was functioning perfectly.
From the platform at the top of the cocoon, I climbed down adjoining trestles to the floor below. I worked very hard tending to the insects we were growing for an abundant food supply. I also took other bio experiments to their next stages. Gastonish would show up and see all I accomplished and she would be proud.

Chapter 9

The way the sun rose over the horizon of the ocean and woke life upon the Island gave me a deep inner sense of satisfaction and peace. Still there was something strange in the wind. I could feel it. Maybe the whole feel of life on the Island was just creeping me out. Work was slow like most days, so Bigwheels and I coped as usual. He started working on some of his cars. I quietly tinkered on my own car as well. Soon after, I finished spray painting the body a poppy red color in the shed. 
The car, if you can call it a car, was designed like no other. It was meant for off road or no road use. The roof and hood were salvaged from a Volks Wagon Bug. The rest of the automobiles body was formed from a compressed metal alloy, specially concentrated and shaped to my specifications by the lintin. In order for me to fit inside, I was forced to raise the roof and redesign the front seat. I made the tires out of old used tires stacked up around the lot. I retreaded extra layers of tire rubber to thicken my tires with a special home recipe of hot rubber glue which Bigwheel would formulate right there in the shop. 
The hot black rubber glue slightly melted and fused the tire strips and pieces together with help from a specially designed iron. It stunk like burning rubber, but the tires ended up looking brand new when I was finished. And with test after test we found the tires were amazingly strong.
The front tires were a foot and a half wide and were made of six inches of solid rubber. I designed the treads to grip the road as a tractor would. The back four tires had simple truck treads for traction on paved roads. In order for it to climb over rugged landscapes, I installed a special feature into the rear fenders to add to the traction.
First, the emergency breaks extended two hydraulic pillars down onto the road, elevating the rear of the car. By flipping a couple of switches some tracks dropped down from the fender. The tracks were much like those of military tanks, only smaller in design. The tracks hooked onto some clamps which were bolted onto the reinforced side walls. After the tracks were locked to the clamps, the tires would rotate and carry the tracks around the two pairs of rear tires. After the tracks completed their circle, the tire tracks gave the vehicle an added grip and control of the terrain. I released the emergency breaks and the rear hydraulic pillars hissed as the car lowered to the ground.
The entire frame of the car was strengthened and supported with roll bars. I also added four spotlights to the front, two on the bumper and two above the windshield. A radio antenna was mounted on the rear for the C.B. The minimal attention needed for the motor's design was due in part to how self sufficient it was, as were most things from the year 26,864,789 AD. Besides a few switches to control the rear hydraulics and wheel treads, I spared nothing to keep the design simple.

As soon as I finished my car, I began driving it to school. All of the kids were interested in the car. At lunch hour, everyone would gather around it and ask a lot of questions. I let kids take turns as I took them for rides. Sally lost interest in Kinta and found some sort of new appreciation for me. She would constantly snuggle and cuddle up to me as to show ownership over me to everyone else. She also sat on my shoulders and I liked the attention.
In class Kinta sat in front of Sally and kept a close eye on her, but not close enough. During class, my business minded teacher, Mr. Dalton, began another day with a boring story about some long exotic vacation trip he experienced. Again he went to some place in the world which I didn't think existed. While everyone in the class patiently listened, Sally and I were up to our own plans. I began writing notes and flicking them to her desk-top.
The first note read, Do you have any plans for tonight?
Sally shook her head, no.
I flicked her a second note. How about a friendly dinner at around eight o'clock? I wrote.
Sally nodded a yes.

Later, when school was out, I decided to cruise around the Island for a while. The wind blew in through my open window and I wore sunglasses to shade my eyes from the sun. The beat of the moment had a music all its own. I waved to a few of the citizens who were strolling along the wooden sidewalk of Scamp town. They smiled and waved back like tourists enjoying the Island. I rarely, if ever, saw any new faces anymore. There were far less motorists to wave to on the Island. Anytime I passed a military jeep or truck, I would wave but they would never wave back to me or even make eye contact for that matter. 
As I was motoring along the dirt road, making my way through the little town to the out-skirts, I decided to take a detour back to the site of Luggers Lumber yard. I took the off road which led me right to it. I slowly crawled along side the chain-link fence and peered in. To my surprise, the entire lumber yard was abandoned. All of the lumber had been removed. Even the forklifts had been taken. I stepped out of my car and hooked my fingers through the fence and recalled where everything had once been. Rex, the security dog came charging out from the shed. As always he was trying to bark to no avail. When Rex recognized me he stopped trying to bark and began wagging his tail. He was a great rottweiler. The friendliest four legged pack of tight muscle I knew. Hey, Rex. How are you doing? I asked him playfully. Does anyone even check on you anymore? I tried to scratch him behind the ear and he pushed his head against the fence hard. I bet theyve forgotten about you. He looked hungry and there was no way he was happy being locked-up all by himself. It just reminded me of how much I hated being locked-up and controlled.
I went to my car and looked around for something I could give Rex. I noticed my hickoop disk was still stashed under my back seat. I stood up out side my car again and surveyed my surroundings carefully. I noticed multiple surveillance cameras positioned in high places around the lot. Who knows how long they had been there, I certainly never noticed them before.
I decided to do something for the freedom of a very good dog. I scrounged up a hand full of the small metal squares Darren had shown me and I threw them out spinning with a dreadful force. My targets were the cameras of the lumber yard. It was not long before they were all disabled. When I was satisfied all of the cameras were hit at least twice, I retrieved the hickoop from my back seat. I held it out to Rex and waved it in front of his nose. He was quite excited and ready to play. I took a few steps back before I swung the hickoop over the fence and into the yard. Rex went after it right away. As the hickoop came down Rex snatched it out of the air. As Rex was carrying the hickoop in his mouth proudly to return it to me, I sent Evon out to it with instructions to activate the hickoop.
The center of the hickoop irised open and Rex seemed fine with that. He was still prancing to me with the hickoop in his mouth. It wasnt until Evon flew into the opening of the hickoop when Rex stopped in his tracks and perked up one ear. Rex saw the sertz go inside and he wasnt taking his eyes off the opening. Gently, Rex set the hickoop down and the opening irised shut. Rex tried to bark at it. The hickoop opened up and a bubble of energy formed around Rex. Rex was scared but the gravity inside the hickoop kept Rex at the center within the hickoop energy field. Though he found it difficult to keep his balance on the hickoop seat he did not fall or touch the sides. Evon steered the hickoop quickly lifting Rex out of the lumber yard and to the ground at my feet. Evon, release him. I said. The energy bubble disappeared, the hickoop folded up to its Frisbee form again and Rex was free.
Slightly dazed, Rex quickly realized he was no longer locked up. I rubbed Rex around his neck and let him know he was all right. I picked up the hickoop and he tried to bark again. He hated Frisbees after that. I opened the door to my car and let Rex sit in the passenger seat. I took Rex to Bigwheels and they hit it off perfectly. It was obvious with how happy they were how much they needed each other. Rex had a new home and master.

At precisely eight o'clock in the evening, I was knocking at Sallys door. When the door opened, a stocky built, grumpy-looking man came out.
Yes? He said bluntly. 
I-is Sally here? I asked, trying not to be sheepish. 
No! Shes busy! Sally's father grunted. 
Is that him? I heard Sally say in the distance. She popped her head out from around the corner. Eep! Sally said in a high squeaky voice. She wasnt ready for me to show up yet. I was early and I could hear Sally thumping around upstairs.
The grumpy man began to close the door on me, so I spread my hand out on it and held it open. Sally jumped from around the corner. She was beautiful. Sally wore a pink and white country style dress with a pink ribbon around her waist and a matching one in her hair to keep her hair back. White stockings, pink shoes, pink nail polish and pink strawberry lipstick. It was a wonderful feeling knowing she was trying to look attractive for me. 
Eddy. Sally said excitedly. Come on in. I would like you to meet my family.
I obliged her, Oh sure. But I meant, Oh no!
I believe you have met my father. Sally referred to the plump, grump at the door. I smiled back at him and he snorted at me in disapproval.
Come upstairs, my mother is in the kitchen. She took me by the hand and directed me to the stairs. I entered the kitchen where I saw Sallys mother sitting at the table in a bath robe, looking as if she just woke up from a tomb. Sally's mother's hair was a mess and she was puffing away at a cigarette. She slowly looked up at me with red puffy eyes and just stared at me.
Hello. I said cheerfully. I am Eddy Evon, a volk.
She blew a gust of thick choking smoke in my face. A volk? What is a volk, exactly. You look so, well so, big. Sally, are you sure he is not dangerous? Bill, Bill! Sallys mother called. I don't know. What do you think? Couldn't this be dangerous? I mean if he touches Sally he could hurt her or even kill her! She simply stared at me as she sucked back a long drag waiting to hear the reply from Sally's father. Only a miracle kept the hanging branch of ash from falling from the tip of Sally's mother's cigarette.
Whats wrong with your eyes, Sally? Are you blind? Just look at him. Her father spat. No offense Mister Eddivon, or volk, or whatever you are, but I need to speak to my daughter alone. Sally's father took her by the arm, a little too forcefully for my liking. They went around the corner leaving me alone with Sallys mother. She continued to smoke and look me over again and again. Sallys father was speaking to her but his words were not beyond detection from my ears. I heard him say, He is a weapon. Some kind of top secret military weapon, like a machine. Now, I don't want to see you get hurt so please stay away from that thing.
He is not a thing. Sally told her father, He is kind and gentle.
Kind and gentle? Have you seen the size of his arms? He could bump into you accidentally and leave you as a scarlet smudge on the wall. Now, I don't know where he came from but if there are more like him, they are all dangerous killers with the power to dominate human kind.
Dad, will you just listen to yourself for a moment. You are paranoid and you don't understand anything. If the government trusts him enough to let him attend school and interact with other kids then you should trust him enough to let me go on a date with him. Now let go of me. This is my life! When will you learn, you can't control me.
He's even worse than the last boy you brought home, what was his name? Domin? Now there was a boy with a temper.
And he is long gone, but Eddy has been around much longer and he is just fine. Just trust me for once. Sally insisted.
You always have to go after the freaks don't you! Sally's father spoke heartlessly. He could see Sally was about to get her back up. All right, you heard me out. But just remember, I don't want to be responsible if you get hurt.
Sally flatly answered, Fine. and ended the conversation with a rustle of clothing before she bounced around the corner with a wide happy grin. She took my hand and held it tightly. I took that as a sign she wanted to go. 
There is no need to worry, mam, sir, try to envision me as more of a protector or body guard. neither of Sallys parents commented, but Sally giggled excitedly. Sally tugged at my hand as she moved behind me. I took a step back.
Sallys mother did not say a word. I spun around to Sally and said, Well, I guess we should get going. It is eight o'clock. We walked down the stairs and her father was nice enough to open the door for us as we left. I walked her to my car and opened the door for her with a smile as she climbed in.
Kinta always made me sit in the back seat. Sally recalled. I started the car and it began to hum.
While we drove, she giggled and said. The sound of your car reminds me of humming birds.
Im sure glad youre here with me right now. I think we are going to have a lot of fun. I told her with a smile.
You sure are a lot different from Kinta. Kinta is not so thoughtful.
Please stop thinking about Kinta.
I am just comparing the two of you. 
Well, could you stop comparing us? You should accept us for who we are. He was a good friend of mine too you know.
Thats why I like comparing you. We drove for a while, Sally seemed fidgety turning her head from side to side looking in all directions before she said, So, what have you got in the back seat?
Its a surprise. I answered. On an old logging road, I drove us all of the way up to the peak of the Island. I tried to avoid the area where I recently clear-cut. It was a trip I had taken many times before.
At the private bald spot on top of the mountain, I began setting up my telescope and arranging a small picnic area on a blanket. The evening sky was filled with stars. I felt it was hardly necessary to have brought my telescope. Lower to the horizon, the sky melted from blue to purple then to pink. A full light blue moon shone behind us like a spot-light. The light of the moon was captured in the flowing strands of Sallys hair as it swayed in the warm breeze. Sally sat down on the blanket and began to nibble on some snacks I packed, while I built a fire. 
First, I snapped some trees down, folding them over and over until I had a large stack of wood. Next I rubbed two large rocks together which caused a shower of sparks. Within the matter of a few seconds, the fire ignited. I carved some sticks so we could toast marshmallows and wieners over the camp fire.
While I was busy, I noticed sally was also at work. Whenever she thought I wasnt looking, she would secretively pull out her blackberry or ipod and her thumbs would dance all over them. What is she doing to keep herself so busy? I wondered. She was an extreme computer hacker. It was just what she did.
Faster than a lightning strike, I plucked the blackberry out of her hand and began typing into it.
Hey, Eddy, come on. Sally reached for her little devise, but I didnt let her have it.
Dont worry. You were just writing an e-mail. Ive saved it so I can write an e-mail to you. My thumbs were drumming the blackberry quickly as I typed. It was a challenge because my thumbs were so big for the little buttons, but I managed to finish my message.
I handed the blackberry back to Sally and she read it. She looked at me and said, This doesnt make any sense. Its just a bunch of ones and zeros.
Indeed Sally was correct. I had sent her a digital message. I smiled at Sally and she looked back down at the blackberry. With a frown, Sally was able to figure out what the message said. Using only ones and zeros, the message read, 1110110110010111100110110111100. Only someone who understood such communication would be able to understand, someone like an expert computer hacker.
Sally smiled back up at me and cuddled in close as she said, I love you too.
The fire snapped and crackled with a brilliant dance of tranquil life. While we were roasting marshmallows over the fire, we began talking about food. Sally asked me what some of my favourite foods were and I reminded her how I could eat virtually anything, but as far as a favourite, I didnt think I had one. The suggestion did trigger a thought or possible recipe I might really enjoy. I thought about a boiling sauce of honey, garlic, onions, fir tree sap, rose pedals, jalapenos, pineapple juice, slightly roasted black ants and a pinch of salt. I would dip some washed maple tree roots into it and chew with delight. 
Her marshmallow caught on fire. She blew out the flame and held her stick out to my direction with the charred black remains of her marshmallow smoking at the tip of the point. She crinkled up her nose and said, If you can eat virtually anything, then eat this. I leaned forward and chomped off her marshmallow along with the tip of her stick. She became strangely upset in a teasing fashion and began hitting me. She smiled like her hitting me was a big joke. I turned away to finish swallowing the snack. Sally continued to hit my back. I found myself enjoying it. I told her the areas of my back which were itchy and she willingly began scratching. Her efforts were helpful but soon I needed some serious scratching so I went to a large nearby rock and rubbed my back up against its rough surface. The scratching was satisfying but as always, I had to stop before the skin of my back was rubbed raw.
It was very dark when I heard the sound of a stick snap in the woods. I stood up. Sally also heard the sound. I concentrated and heard more sounds of rustling and it was from no wind. Whos there! I said clearly. Silence followed. Finally, I heard a distinct breath and a dry leaf was crushed. Sally moved around behind me and peeked out around the side of me. I bent down and picked up a rock. Im warning you, identify yourself. As Sally and I looked on, two distinct eyes could be seen reflected in the flickering flames of the fire. The sight of the eyes in such a secluded area really spooked us. I threw the rock at the eyes and a high pitched scream sounded like rubber tires skidding on pavement.
I ran into the woods after it and found I killed a wolf. I told Sally what it was and she was not happy. She was worried the whole thing would end up giving her nightmares.
Before long, I had parts of the wolf roasting over the fire. Sally wasnt going to eat any of it at first, but it smelled so good and after her first bite, she ate until she was stuffed. Resting back on the blanket, we ate more and drank strawberry soda in fancy wine glasses. As I bent forward to light a candle, Sally reached for some potato chips, and we lightly bumped our heads together. I looked up at the stars, and began to feel very thankful because I was there alone with Sally Coppler. I lowered my eyes to her and we smiled.
With our stomachs full, we gazed at the fire and I began to focus on Sally. I felt Sally was not enjoying the mood so I poked the fire and I asked Sally to take a look at the stars with me through my telescope.
I don't know astrology too well but I never have a problem finding Orions belt. She said truthfully.
Orions belt is fascinating. I told her. Three stars equal in apparent brightness at equal distance and all in a straight line. I thought for a moment. Perhaps those three stars are not there to represent a belt of a mighty human warrior.
Are you suggesting they are there to represent the belt of a mighty volk warrior? asked Sally with a naughty smile.
Not at all. I am merely speculating how the three stars could be a sign or clue of something much greater like a time line: the past, present and future.
Don't you think other astrologers have thought of that already?
Who can say. I assumed it was my idea. Sally was not one to entertain many of my notions for time and space so I tried to sway the conversation slightly. Some astrologers use cameras to study the stars. I told Sally. I like my telescope even though it only collects light from distant objects in the sky making them appear bright or larger. What I want to own one day is a spectroscope, because it breaks up the light from distant objects into lines. Astronomers studying the lines can tell what substances make up the distant objects. Recent scientists have made many new discoveries about the universe by using radio telescopes. I explained.
What exactly does an astronomer do for a job? Sally asked, thinking to be an astronomer couldn't be considered a normal job.
As an astronomer, I am gathering information and trying to answer many difficult questions with scientific facts. For example, why do the planets move as they do? What is the life history of a star? How did the universe come to be?
Do you really think you can find the answers?
I must try, the hardest thing will be to prove my answers. There is more to it than just finding answers. I also want to learn the history of Comets, meteors, meteorites, and tektites, constellations, eclipses, mars, the moon, observations, planetariums, planets, radio and radar astronomy, the solar system, stars, the sun, telescopes, time and the universe. I heard a theory where one could venture out faster than the speed of light and view a planets past.
But if you were to travel at the speed of light, your atoms would explode. Sally reminded me.
Exactly, which is why a body such as mine would travel within a pod made of an energized technology of its own gravitational enunamic field and an exterior anti-light field. Earth probably won't see it for another million or more years. To study the universe, we astronomers must use other sciences as well, like, physics, chemistry, and mathematics.
Well, you certainly seem to know your stuff about the stars. I don't even want to know where you acquired your information about things to be discovered on other planets. If you told me, I would probably be sent to another secluded Island, even worse than this one. Sally imagined.
I mostly speculate. Some of this will be a part of my studies for the school science fair. I told her. I will explain it better to you in the upcoming science fair which Mr. Dalton has us preparing for.
I guess you want to go to college or university?
Well, I said, I'm not sure yet, I want to do some traveling first. Most large countries have national observatories like in the United States I'd like to visit one in Washington. In Great Britain there is the Royal Greenwich Observatory at Herstmonceaux. In Australia, the national observatory is near Canberra, and in France it is in Paris. You see, many people believe space exploration is the way of the future, but I think spending billions of dollars on space crafts as well as the time it would take to travel the stars would be a phenomenal waist. We don't need to go anywhere. We can simply build better telescopes. One day I would like to build the ultimate telescope and I would have it built on the moon where I would not have to contend with a polluted atmosphere or weather.
Sally giggled, You wouldn't go to other planets? You'd just look at them?
One day space travel will become easier, but for now a telescope would be like turning on the lights in a dark room. Once you know what's out there, then you can decide where you want to go with more meaning than to just wander around in space.
Do you really think the government will ever allow you to leave this Island? Sally asked me with concern in her voice. I wondered if she had some kind of intuition about my feelings of being trapped on the Knolix Island or if it was just that obvious.
The government and I are at an agreement at the moment. It is best for everyone if I remain here on the Island, but if I decide to leave, I will go. If I do so for the sake of space exploration or colonization of another planet I believe I could be very helpful to such a project.
Maybe I can go with you to all of these telescopes, even other worlds. Sally dreamed.
It could be dangerous. I told her. I would not make such a promise to you, because if I do leave here one day, one possibility is how it could get very ugly. If something happened to you I could never forgive myself.
Well, I understand, I probably wouldn't be all that interested in the telescopes anyway, I just want to be with you.
I brushed her beautiful blond hair from her shoulder. How thoughtful of you, Sally. I placed my other hand on hers gently as we exchanged a glance and blushed. It actually felt rather awkward. Which brings me to an interesting question; Do you think you and I could or even should have a relationship? as soon as the words left my mouth, I wanted to take them back.
What are you saying? You're not going to dump me again are you? Sally became defensive. If it is meant to be then it is destiny and it will happen all on its own. You need to be more patient. Just look at us, here we are together again. Nothing can stop true love. Oh, ya, trust me to mess things up when they are going so well.
Okay, now just settle down. All I am saying is we may want to discuss how much we are willing to sacrifice for us. I tried to explain.
Eddy, this is only our first date. At this stage I think we should take things in stride. It would be different if we were married.
Did she say the M word? Married? I questioned silently to myself.
I would be with you through it all. Sally continued, No matter where you go or what you did, I would be right there with you.
Perhaps we are getting a little ahead of ourselves. There's no reason for us to have a conversation that's too deep right now. Please, forget I mentioned it. I tried to change the subject as cool as possible. Youve been rather quiet about what youre planning for the science fair. Are you willing to tell me a little bit about it?
She looked at me skeptically. Though it was both awkward and obvious how I was changing the subject, she eventually went along with it. Well, Im not going to tell you too much. However, I would like to go to some elaborate computer conventions in the U.S. My science project will be so complex Mr. Dalton wont be able to break down my data. She stretched as though she was getting tired.
Would you like me to take you home now? I asked her, but Sally leaned her head into me, snuggling.
Oh, no. I am having a great time. Sally slid her hands around me as we looked up at the stars. What do you like most about the stars?
Astrophysics I guess. Astrophysics is the study of the physical nature of stars. My dream is to someday visit Kitt Peak, Arizona, because it is equipped with a long, specially designed solar telescope. It is the worlds largest solar observatory. Sally was obviously no longer interested. Is something wrong? I questioned.
Oh, I just thought you would have a more romantic answer to my question. Sally dropped her gaze to the fire. Looking at her I felt a wave of sadness wash over her face.
I looked up at the stars again and pointed as I said, That one.
Sally noticed I was pointing up at the night sky when she lifted her eyes and asked, What are you talking about?
That one. I repeated, I have found a star which I would like to name after you. It is not the brightest one but it is easy to find because it is just above the center star of Orion's belt. It is the star of the present and it is now named after you. Tomorrow I will contact the aero space federation and make it official.
One of Sally's eyes welled up with a tear. Oh, I like that. I would like to name one after you.
Go ahead, choose one and I will tell you if it has been named yet. I told her.
Sally used the telescope and zeroed in on a specific star. She tried a few before we found one which had not yet been named.
The Eddy Evon star. She said with a great smile of contentment on her face.
There is one star out there which expresses how much my heart cares for you. Can you guess which one it is? I asked her profoundly.
Sally thought about it but she could not come up with the answer. I told her I would tell her in the morning.
Sally continued to try many times before she cleverly answered, The sun?
Yes, I answered, I care for you with a love that burns as big and bright as the sun.
Sally was very happy to hear this and cuddled right into my chest even further. We were so content in each other's company. Gently, I stroked my fingers through her hair.
Sally? I asked. If you don't mind me asking, what is it you want to do when you get out of school? my question was followed with a long silence. I mean, what kind of goals have you set for yourself and your future?
I haven't thought about it much. Ill cross that bridge when I get there, but I have always imagined myself home raising a family while my husband provided for us. I moved closer to her and she said, I don't want to be isolated forever. I have been isolated long enough.
I know what you mean. Do you feel isolated now? I asked.
No. She said. Do you?
Only my lips. I dared her. My lonely, isolated lips.
She gave me a teasing innocent smile, before she surprised me bending forward and pecking me on the lips. I was immediately taken. I leaned toward her to steel another one, but she didn't know what I was planning, so we ended up lightly bumping our heads together again. I thought she was hurt, until she began to laugh again. I was very relieved to see she was all right. I began to laugh along with her.  
Sally curled up, snuggling into my chest. We looked to the sky as she said. It sure is beautiful, the stars are crystal clear and I can see the surface of the bright blue full moon.
And you. I added. How did I ever win your love, this will always be a mystery to me. I hope I never awake if I am dreaming.
Sally spoke softly, Perhaps it is fate.

She didn't get home until three o'clock in the morning. She told me, a couple of days later, how she had been scolded by her parents. I asked her why she never told me about her curfew and she said, I was having such a good time I didn't want to ruin it. Besides, You would have thought it was childish.

From our first date, Sally and I saw much more of each other. We had many dinner dates where the two of us would enjoy cooking and preparing, before we ate and cleaned up our mess together. I left her letters and sent her cards in some unexpected places which read about the things I liked most about her. Sometimes I sent her flowers with small notes which told her to have a fantastic day.
She played dress up once in a while, and she really went all out; pink dress, jewelry, make up, high heels, and stockings. We never went to any fancy places, but that didn't give her any reason not to show off how glamorous she could look.
I bought her special presents which were not always expensive and sometimes very simple, just to surprise her. We would also talk about some of our first memories. For instance, reminisce about the first time we saw each other or our first kiss. We shared some of the feelings which we were too nervous to tell each other at the time. I never told her about being abducted by Jay as a child or meeting aliens from another planet or the death of Hal. I also hid the facts how my mother was from the Ied era along with my project of working on an insect vehicle in the side of a mountain on the mainland. I didn't want her to be afraid of me. One thought which conflicted with my secretive agenda to return to my home world was if any of my efforts to go home were even worth it. The quest to return home was more my mothers than my own. If our attempt failed I could have a wonderful life here with Sally. I was tempted to throw in the towel on many occasions and tell Sally everything. Such temptations lacked a certain necessity.
When Sally and I would go for long trips in my car, we would take along a special book and take turns reading it to each other. We went everywhere together, old mine tunnels, boat rides, horseback riding or hiking. We found a quiet and secluded place at the shore where we would go swimming together in private.
Because of how large I was compared too little petite Sally, she would often climb all the way into my shirt and tickle torture me. I liked it when she would climb around and scratch that hard to get area on my back with her long finger nails. I also enjoyed how she would take time to examine me. Her fingers would dance over my skin and it tickled. She touched the raised metacarpals of my hand and rubbed the rippling bony plate of my fore-arm. She continued further to follow the curves of my muscles. She would let her fingers follow the lines of my tattoo. She liked the design of the eagle and planet. She said she would change the wording one day so it read Property of Sally. She kissed the raised scars of numbers which were branded into me. 2002 Oh, how I loved her.
If we were hiking in the woods or walking for a long distance, Sallys legs would get sore, so I would prop her up so she could sit on my shoulder plate.
I have learned how possibly the number one joyous desire everyone sought in the world was laughter. There was almost nothing which could make one feel so good, warm, alive, and happy to be with another person as a real good laugh. But I wanted more time with her. It would seem sometimes the job with Bigwheels was more trouble than it was worth. So I decided to quit my job with Bigwheels. My mother was furious with me, but she just didnt understand.
I was spending time with Sally at school, after school and in the evening. I loved every moment with her.

Gastonish seemed almost as obsessed with the health and well-fare of the new Zandith Crockmior life-boat as she was with her idea to rule the Island. She felt she could deliver an advanced system of law or a new order which would bring humans into a unity of agreement and lead them to peace and prosperity. Her experience with the laws of the Ied era and her knowledge with how she could provide something important to the twenty-second century compelled her to do all she could to rule. The officials of the Island were impressed with Gastonishs project. They decided to allow her to go forward as long as she shared all of her ideas with the Island officials and worked with them closely. If we were not on the secluded Island, such an idea would never go forward at all.

Chapter 10

Tension was high at school on the day of the science fair. Everyone was in competition with each other to be the best. I always knew I was different from humans but I learned to tolerate them. My biggest problem with humans was how they seemed to waist too much time on rest and relaxation. All I wanted to do was work and create and Gastonish assured me this was normal for volks. I did not want to feel I was a volk amongst primitives, but it seemed to be a common occurrence I kept to myself.
In every class you will find the over achievers, under achievers, class clowns and bullies, but the ones who you really have to look for are the quiet students. They are the ones who seem to slip through the system undetected. In my class there was one student who fit the bill. His name was Frank. I don't know if he had a last name. Sometimes I found the initial I after his name. I checked the class attendance and his homework signature. All I found was Frank was dyslexic. He tried to keep it a secret but kids always seem to figure these things out. Frank was often teased for it. 
I tried to talk to him one day. I asked why he was brought to the Island. He didn't know. I asked who his parents were, but he did not know the answer to that question either. He sincerely wanted to know the answers too and I was upsetting him by asking. He seemed like such a vulnerable child so I left him alone. He was a very quiet child and he made it clear how he preferred to be left alone.
As everyone presented their projects one by one at the science fair, I grew more excited for my turn to come. It was to be the moment where I shared my brilliance and again prove the superiority of a volk. 
Justin, a rugby player, displayed a miniature set of figures performing some kind of dark arts ritual and a twenty page written biography. 
While Kinta tried to present a strange view of Darwins theory of evolution. In his rendition, he collaborated many pictures together. These were pictures he had drawn by hand. It started with fish and sea creatures, which later moved to land creatures. As the pictures went on we saw fish to monkey to man then to volk. I was not happy with his project but it did make me wonder about the possibilities. At least it had the virtue of never being done before. 
Frank made a classic science fair volcano. He made a brief presentation and blew it up as it was designed to do. It grabbed your attention, but there was no way he would be able to win at the fair with it. 
Sally had a good idea of how competitive I was going to be so she put a great deal of work into her project. She booted up the class computer and ran a 3-D story from the monitor. She programmed the story from beginning to end. She added orchestrated music as the frame by frame scenes took the class through space. We visited stars, constellations and other worlds of her own creation. I was totally impressed and very proud of her. The worlds she had animated seemed totally possible to discover in the great mystery of space. The final shot was of an animated little green alien with three eyes saying, Zzz-zzz... Zzz-zzz... Thats all folks! Other projects were also interesting but nothing was as impressive as Sallys.
However, there was this one young girl who seemed very odd to me from the time she stepped off the boat. She was part of one of the last group of people who came to the Island, her name was Kiki Vixen and she dressed like a punk rocker. Her hair was jet black except for the green liberty spikes she had projecting from the left side of her head. She was relatively quiet and kept to herself, but she was very impressive as she illustrated yo-yo tricks. At first, it would seem there would be very little to see, but Kiki was actually so impressive how she not only controlled the yo-yos, she seemed to defy the laws of gravity with them as well. Kiki's display had posters which she drew, colored and hung up behind her, with a CD player on the floor beside her. Blasting a hard rock version of 'Man-eater', Kiki managed to pull it all off wonderfully.
When it came time for my presentation, Mr. Dalton introduced me. And finally we come to Mr. Eddy Evons project which he has titled, Mr. Dalton pushed his spectacle up his nose slightly and read my projects name from a list he attached to a clipboard, The Volkevon? Everyone gathered around a simple wooden table. At one end was a car battery attached to some wires leading to a switch. At the center of the table, was a shiny metal object which had the same size and shape of a football. This is an experiment which will defy the laws of gravity in place of its own gravitational field. Mr. Daltons eyes grew wide for a moment. He took Frank by the arm and moved him to the front of the row. Frank stood directly in front of me with the best view of my presentation. I did not wonder why at the time, I did not care, all I wanted to do was to win the science fair.
When I had everyones attention, I made my announcement. I will attempt to create a new means of flight. The students were not very interested, but I had faith that would all change very soon. I was going to try something with a liquid methane jet propulsion, but Mr. Dalton convinced me to carry out this project to the end. Still the other students seemed bored. Pushing on, I began my presentation. Using electromagnetic energy, a pendulum will swing and swing for a very long time. Gravity alone just wont do it. But a top, with the proper weight, will spin for a very long time, thanks to gravity. With magnets it can spin for what seems to be an eternity. The earth spins retaining its gravity within our solar system. As well, the moon will continue its rotation around the earth. Why? Because everything of matter is affected by gravity. Well, almost everything.
What I have designed here is a gravimetric field, but I have given it the name, Volkevon field. I reached down and pulled another shiny metal football shaped object from a cardboard box. The other object was cut in vivisections to show what the inside of the Volkevon looked like. I pointed to the inner parts as I continued. The core of this object you see here is the central power source. It is called element 115 but for arguments sake we will just call it a bar magnet. At this tip is the north head and the opposite tip is the south head. This energy source acts as a particle accelerator. The center core is this round glass marble looking part that each of the magnetic heads run into. It will get very hot. Around the center core of the magnet is a carefully designed coil reflector with a radioactive center implant. This radioactive implant has microwave cross beams. At the moment, the gravimetric field is running so low from the magnetic core it is less harmful to you than a cellular phone. It was the magnet which is supplying its energies right now. The particle accelerator can become very unstable at high energy outflows, but element 115 is an Island of stability. The only other time such an element can be stable is at element 247, as far as I can tell.
From this charged center, a radiation of antimatter is created. When I add antimatter with matter it produces 100% heat energy. This needs to be converted into electrical energy, so I needed to make a thermal electric converter. As you can see from this model, there are no wires running throughout this devise and when I start it up you will find there will be no exhaust either.
From the huge discharge of stable electrical energy, three small gravity projectors can articulate their angles by the control of this remote. I pulled out a hand held remote controller. Radio waves and other forms of frequencies are distorted when they are near this device so it was very difficult for me to find the proper remote device for this particular project. But before I show you this device in action I just want to explain a little further. 
This Volkevon produces four forms of force which are; 1. Vibrational force, used to controlled frequencies between the relationship of matter and energy. 2. Nuclear force. 3. Gravitational force, and 4. The force of repulsion.
With my acute calibration of pulling and pushing forces, the Volkevon creates a field reality, if you will. A new realm or distortion. I put the half-cut model back into its box.
I touched the two ends of the jumper cords together quickly. There was no spark, so I knew for certain the switch was off. I clamped the two ends of the jumper cords onto each end of the Volkevon. Positive to the north head and negative to the south head. I flipped the switch to on. The Volkevon grew a haze around it like a glowing aura. Energy ran over the silvery metal hull like thin waves of gentle fire.
I dont like this at all, Eddy. Spoke Mr. Dalton sternly. Youve mentioned nuclear energy. I had no idea you were dealing with this much power in the classroom. Turn it off! The Volkevon bobbed and dipped as it rose off the table top.
I cannot just shut it off, Mr. Dalton. All of the elements must harmonize or else we run the risk of instability. Mr. Dalton remained silent and stared at the Volkevon as though he was in a trance. Now, when I increase the power from the battery with this switch, the center core will charge up with energy and begin to get hot. I need to purge the system as it charges the magnetic current. It will grow stronger and the field will develop and grow larger. The outer surface of the field is like an atmosphere, if you will, and under this atmospheric field a new realm will be born. This realm will have its own gravity, drawing everything into the center toward the central core, however the central core is protected by the shiny metal hull of the Volkevon. This object will be free from our earths gravity and it will float around like it is immune to our worlds gravitational influence. From a view point of using quantum mechanics, two matter particles are seen as being carried by a graviton. Within an electro-magnetic field, electrically charged particles interact. These particles include electrons and quarks but gravitrons are uncharged particles and don't interact with electro-magnetic fields. The gravitrons are important because they make up gravitational waves but unfortunately they are very weak. Part of my challenge during this project was to make them strong.
Okay, it looks like it is ready! Now stand back, this will not move fast, but if someone hits it, it will move fast and you won't like the feeling of being tugged by two gravities, not to mention the radio waves and microwaves would not be too healthy either. I started to pull the switch slowly as it powered up.
Just as a caution for you all, I raised my hand and put my finger in the air to catch everyones attention. You may lose sight of the object all together, but you should be able to follow the distortion of its shape. Do not be alarmed, it will just be bending light around its new field reality.
I eased the switch over slightly allowing more energy to serge into the core. I released the cable clamps from the north and south poles of the Volkevon. The Volkevon was silent as it began to rise off the table. An oval shaped distortion had been formed around it like the heat waves of a newly paved road. The distortion you see is the field reality. You can almost see the direction of the current as it follows the invisible magnetic sphere shaped flow. Pushing out at the north and south traveling across the atmosphere to the center where it is pulled back in. I eased the small levers of the remote controller. And the Volkevon began to lift higher from the table by a force all its own. Using an omicron configuration and a deltacrom configuration of the gravity projectors, I am now controlling the movements of the devise. It rose slowly, with a low crackly hum of a corona discharge, a by-product of the high voltage. Otherwise it was soundless. Notice when the Volkevon moves, it will tilt slightly in the direction it means to travel. This is because it is creating a slight distortion in the direction I want it to go. This distortion is a gravity wave, or a phase shift wave. This gravity wave acts as a gravitational slope, so essentially it is like the devise is moving downhill, but it is merely an illusion. I have designed for the craft to move in the direction of this illusion which I was only able to create through the field reality. This is how I can control the direction of the Volkevon. The view of the Volkevon began to waver as its image seemed to faze out of existence. Moving the levers, I tried to keep the distortions from bending light causing the devise to ultimately disappear, but it was of no use. The Volkevon eventually cloaked from sight entirely. Everyone gasped when they lost sight of it.
Mr. Dalton said. I don't like this. Eddy, bring it back. For the rest of you? Line up at the main door. Consider this a fire drill.
I can't bring it back, sir. The Volkevon is not that sophisticated. I have to let the charge wear off first before it will come down on its own. I explained.
Eddy, youre in big trouble. He turned to address the class. Everyone out! Before the students even opened the main door, a student raised his hand to ask a question and unknowingly tapped the invisible Volkevon. A disturbance in the projects atmospheric reality exposed the Volkevon with waves of distortion. Everyone saw the project begin to move before it disappeared from sight again. Confusion led to panic amongst my peers.
Where is it now? A young voice asked with a slight quiver of fear behind it. The students started running for the door in a mad rush. I did not realize my science project would end up so troublesome. Fear came from everyone's lack of understanding, but I did not find the Volkevon dangerous at all.
Outside, Mr. Dalton seemed a little steamed to say the least. Hey, listen up everybody. Mr. Dalton called to the students. We have to work on our fire drill organization.
I remained in the classroom after convincing Mr. Dalton the Volkevon was truly harmless. The teacher and all of the students watched from outside the classroom window. They were very quiet and I'm sure the students noses were no more than an inch from the window looking in. I pointed and said, There it is!
Outside, the students breathed relief. The Volkevon was right where I thought it would be, Hovering next to the ceiling in the corner of the class room. As I pulled the Volkevon down from the ceiling corner, I said. I hope, just because you had to evacuate the classroom, you wont let this little incident affect my grades. I let go of the Volkevon carefully above the table and it just hovered weightlessly in the air. 
Im not sure what we will do about this, Eddy, but you will not be getting off easy after causing a disturbance like this in my class. I mean, its not like this problem will just disappear as easily as this Volkevon did.
I was so upset. It took me a long time to get the Volkevon to work right. My presentation was flawless and the presentation was quite successful, I thought. I didnt believe anyone understood the level of science behind the project so I ran outside with the remote control in my hand. The other students saw me run out with Mr. Dalton behind me. I stopped at the top of the schoolhouse stairs and extended the antenna of the remote. Pushing one of the levers forward, I controlled the Volkevon to fly out of the classroom. It shot past Mr. Daltons head as he ducked down. This angered Mr. Dalton. I slowed down the Volkevon as it passed over the heads of the students. Next, I controlled it to go straight up into the sky. I let it go so far and so fast that in mere seconds it was out beyond the orbit of the planet.
What did you do that for? Mr. Dalton asked as he frustrations built.
I will do anything to protect my grades, sir, and if that means letting the Volkevon go, then so be it. I was stern and Mr. Dalton didn't want to argue.
So you're just gonna let your science project float around our stratosphere? Mr. Dalton screwed up his face as he asked me his question.
I don't want to get myself in anymore trouble. You want it now? Are you going to touch it? I asked him.
We can't just leave it out there, Eddy. Bring it back! Mr. Dalton commanded.
It's beyond my remote's control. It will burn up in the earth's atmospheric re-entry. I lifted the Volkevon model up to Mr. Dalton. Couldn't you accept this for my project grade?
Mr. Dalton smiled at me and took the Volkevon model from me, I'll consider it. I didn't want to touch the other one, you're right, nuclear radiation.
When the students came back into the classroom, Mr. Dalton had his head hung low. We all made our ways back to our desks silently and sat down. After an awkward moment, Mr. Dalton made sure once more Frank was standing up front. Mr. Dalton asked the class. Does anyone have any questions for Eddy?
Many students started commending me with such remarks as, That was intense. 
And, Your gonna win for sure, Eddy.
Frank? Mr. Dalton asked, looking down at him with a hand on Franks shoulder. Do you have anything you would like to say to Eddy?
Who, me? Frank questioned. It was odd to single out Frank. He was the quiet one who rarely contributed to class discussions. When he saw everyone else look at him he said flatly. Nope.
Are you sure? Persisted Mr. Dalton. You seemed particularly interested.
Well actually, Frank began. He was shy, but he started and there was no turning back now. I was... wondering if your Volkevon was a true display of gravitational force or just a very powerful and convincing magnetic force.
A very good question and I could explain it better to you mathematically but I don't think you would catch the jist of it. I told Frank.
He just might. Mr. Dalton put in.
Well in simple terms, I needed the element 115 bar magnet because it has its own pre-established field of magnetic energy. I added.
Frank had taken the half cut model out of its box and showed it to me. This is a very interesting design, but don't you think you might get better results if you changed the shape of it.
If you're so sure how I should have done my project, then how it should be designed, Frank. I dared him. I liked Frank and he surprised me. I may have been a little rough with him, but I hoped he and I knew one another well enough to play as we were.
Rather than an oval or football shape, maybe you should make the Volkevon round and the core could be contained within a hollow magnetic ball, for starters anyway. I looked at Frank, and admired him for trying, then I went over to the chalk board and quickly drew my version of the Volkevon before I drew Franks version next to it. I drew arrows around my version as I explained, This is the motion of the magnetic field around my Volkevon style. Now if I had designed it the way Frank has described, the field would be like this.
Don't forget to account for the magnet encasing the core. Frank added.
I won't forget, Frank. Now, you know I have been over this project a thousand times. I threw the mathematics of the magnetic fields flow and energy composition onto the chalk board.
Frank altered the diagram of the magnetic encasing of the core. He changed the beginning of my math. Of course, altering the beginning of the problem made the rest of my work seem like non-sense. He re-did the math. I helped him work through it a little but the end result revealed how Frank truly understood my project very-well. His design not only would work, but it would work better. Sometimes its not the inside that counts, it is the outside. Frank said, I was absolutely amazed by him. The diagram on the chalk board showed the Volkevon with a perfect electro-magnetic field circumference like the energy field of my hickoop.
I put my hand on Frank's shoulder as we turned to the on looking class, In your case Frank, it's what's on the inside that not only counts but it's what makes all the difference. I started to clap for Frank and the entire class joined in the cheer.
I don't think I understand your science project along with Frank, but I have a question for you. Mr. Dalton spoke. You have mentioned the core at the center of the magnets. What kind of metal is it, and where did you acquire it?
Bad question. The core was an active metal, element 115, which I needed, and to get it I had to use my hickoop and literally drill my way into the earth 1950 kilometers. This brought me just beyond the inner mantle and into the outer core. When I reached the outer core, which contained high levels of active molten graviton materials, Evon assisted me by leaving the protective hickoop and separating igneous magma from alkaline earthen magnetics. These magnetics are very much like the ones found on the surface of the sun, referred to as sun spots or dark blotches on the solar surface. 
It was very hot and dangerous with fierce activity, generating explosions, like solar flares and eruptions of electrified and magnetized gases (Plasma) and I couldn't have done it without Evons assistance to extract the small magnetic fragment and keep it hot and alive and under pressure for the return trip to the surface.
I could not tell Mr. Dalton about my little venture, so I said, The core is made up of mercury from a broken thermometer and the other parts where scavenged from micro-waves and radios found at the Islands dump. I found the magnets from old speaker parts laying around at Bigwheels.
Mr. Dalton seemed skeptical at first, but a smile crept over his face and he was very pleased with my answer after all. He asked. Eddy, I wonder how you see this idea of yours to better human kind in the future?
The question was tempting me to give a vast answer of astronomical wisdom, but I was still quite startled by Franks performance. Uh? Oh, well, imagine the Volkevon was a space ship, and you were only one millimeter tall and piloting the ship into space. You could roll down the window for some fresh air, or even open the door and step out with no fear of falling off your ship or being sucked away into the vacuum of space. The atmosphere would protect you in space and the gravity would keep you grounded on the hull. Air would be protected under the atmospheric field and would not be sucked out into space either, just like our planet earth, so you would not need a space suit. The looks on everyones face was priceless, as it began to sink in how much of a scientific breakthrough my science project really was. There was much more going on than what was seen on the surface. I presented the power to make or break the possibility of a historical turning point. And I had plenty of other knowledgeable surprises where that came from.

I glanced over my shoulder and noticed Kinta put his arm around Sally. Kinta proceeded to drop his school books clumsily as he gave her a big hug. I was hoping, or rather, expecting Sally to push him away. Instead, she hugged him back. My intellectual radar kicked in again and I just knew they had feelings for each other and their feelings were real. Not even Evon could repress the jealousy burning within my heart.
I glanced at them and lowered my head. I realized I was feeling a sort of obsession for Sally. I felt as though I wanted to protect her from everyone, but if she decided to be unfaithful, who would protect me from her. I finally realized I greedily wanted her all to myself.
I glared into Sallys soul and spoke with my thoughts, I would never do that to you! A shocked expression seemed to strike her as she jerked away from Kinta and snapped her head around to look at me. I held back my anger and wondered if I was supposed to feel guilty for feeling jealous. I had a strong feeling I didn't want to be there anymore. 

Within my car, I quietly drove over rocks through the woods. I started off trucking through the nature trails, but for this specific venture, I needed to move through the trees. School was out and I was following Sally and Kinta. I could watch them from a safe distance as I made my way over a steep narrow ridge. They were walking side by side along the dirt road. Everything was mottled with shadow blotches as the sunlight filtered through the trees. It did not surprise me that Sally would be seeing her friends secretly. She would hate it if I knew, for she was well acquainted with the jealousy I felt.
Many thoughts cycled through my mind as I tried to determine the appropriate means to deal with the situation. As usual, billions of choices laid at my fingertips. I had extra inhuman abilities which granted me the upper hand. What I needed, and what I wanted prompted me to deal with the situation delicately. It was with a great effort for which I held back from letting my anger influence my actions. A swelling urge prompted me to just simply take what I wanted, but that was not my style, at least I didn't want it to be. I hid my car in the woods just off the road. Spying from the thick bush, I watched as Kinta and Sally approached the cabin. Kinta was talking about something when I heard him refer to the Eddy factor. I was baffled to the reasons why he might refer to me with such terminology. They were school mates. They didn't work for the Island officials. The possibility struck me they could have made a deal with the government to trap me somehow, in exchange for money, special favors or a promise to be freed and shipped back to the mainland.
Before they entered the door they stopped to intimately look into each others eyes. I refused to let them turn me into a jealous boyfriend. Kinta did the unthinkable when he quickly leaned forward and kissed Sally. My heart began to beat one thousand times per minute. After they kissed, they hugged.
I was compelled to act. The bushes came alive for them as I arose with burning eyes. I stepped out of my concealment of green foliage and started marching toward the guilt struck couple. When they noticed me they realized I had been watching them. Only one word could describe me. I was angry, and by the looks in their eyes, they knew it. Sally began to scream with horror and surprise while Kinta turned tail and began to run.
With three long quick strides I approached Kinta and grabbed him by the scruff of his neck. I pulled him toward me. Sally tried to escape but I caught her as well.
I think we need to have a little talk. I told them. A baseball bat struck me on the back of my head. I lost my hold on Kinta and Sally in the commotion. I immediately turned around and saw Justin holding the baseball bat. He lifted it above his head to clobber me once more, but as he swung at me I quickly took the bat from him.
This is no childish game, Justin. I said. Stay out of this before someone gets hurt. Fear twitched in Justins eyes, but the fear he felt was only a fraction of the terror he experienced after I snapped the baseball bat in half. He turned and disappeared into the jungle like a scared rabbit.
I was shot in the rear-end by a small metal pellet. It stung. I turned and with my sharp eyes I saw Kinta hiding in the darkness of a barn. As he was trying to reload his pellet gun, I ran toward him.
Before I could reach him, he shot at my face. I was able to deflect the shot when I shielded my face with my bony forearm plate. Clumsily, I kicked over some tin cans full of flammable paint chemicals. 
I cringed my angered eyes and snatched his rifle away from him.
No! Please! I didn't mean to shoot you! Kinta was shivering with terror struck fear. Don't kill me, Eddy!
I just want you to stay away from Sally! I said forcefully.
Kinta pulled out a Zippo lighter from his back pocket. With a quick flick of his fingers, the lighter sparked to a flame.
What do you plan on doing? I questioned.
Without hesitation, Kinta threw his lighter at the spilled cans of paint and turpentine.
In a bright flash, the chemical fumes ignited into a brilliant whoosh of fire. Kinta quickly hid under a bundle of hay, while I was panicking to get out of my enclosure of fire. My pants went up in flames. Finally, I ripped off my shirt and padded out my pants. The barn and the hayloft were quickly burning up by the wicked fire. A slight wind carried the fire to the bundles of hay in a whisking tornado of flame. I held Kinta close to me as I charged through the wooden wall of the barn. The dry wood of the barn and the hay, fed the fire quickly. In moments, the angry heat and fire engulfed the entire barn and brought it crashing to the ground. Luckily, I did not have any hair to lose to the fire and my grey skin could tolerate such heat.
Where is Sally? I asked Kinta eagerly.
I don't know. She ran off into the woods someplace. He answered, pointing out the direction.
I glared into the woods with my sharp eyes and listened with my acute hearing. I responded to a slight crack of a stick. I looked and saw a small piece of her pink sweater about a quarter of a mile away through the intertwined branches and thorns of the wilderness. I only saw a small glimpse of her but she was heading in the general direction of her home.
A massive convoy of military and fire fighting vehicles approached us at the scene. I quickly disappeared into the woods behind the burning barn. We all ducked out of sight before the emergency vehicle personnel could identify us. I had doubled back to my car which was safely hidden in the woods just off the dirt road. I drove away silently allowing the jungle to hide me behind the increasing distance of growth.
I was impressed at how so many military soldiers arrived at the scene in mere seconds as though they were right next door. We must have been under surveillance for them to respond to a fire that no one reported.                  
 
I tore through the woods with my car, mowing over small trees and bushes. As my vehicle crawled over a ridge of rocks, I located Sally running away. She stopped for a brief second to look back. When she saw me driving toward her, her mouth dropped open, Oh, no! The chase was on. She turned and continued to try and evade me.
It was no use. My vehicle was far too fast for her. She fell to the ground and surrendered to me with an ear splitting scream. I jumped out of my car and walked around to the front. The bush bars were dented and painted with tasty sap, tree bark and strands of green jungle vines also hung from it. I bent down to Sally. She turned over with her face down in the dirt. Sally was trying desperately to crawl away from me and when I gently placed my hand on her back she cringed and screamed for me not to hurt her.
I wouldn't hurt you, Sally. she turned her head to look up at me. The calmness of my voice must have been all the reassurance she needed. Sally gave me her hand and I helped her to her feet. I wish I hadn't been so naive. I pointed my finger at her, You are so manipulative. My first impression of you was correct after all.
Your first impression? Sally asked, cocking her head to be sure she heard me correctly. What was your first impression of me? She asked with a skeptical eye.
You're a flirt. I told her. You're nothing but a small town flirt. So needy and hungry for other people's affections. You'll say anything to get the boys to swoon over you.
A flirt? She said with wide eyes. She was so surprised it almost seemed like she was going to have trouble catching her breath. I am nothing of the sort, Eddy Evon!
Kinta rose up from behind some nearby boulders. He had taken a running start and leapt of the rocks to attack me with wooden branches in his hands.
I reached out to him and caught him out of the air. I held him by a fist full of his shirt. Kinta continued to strike me with the sticks. Quickly, I plucked the sticks out of his grasps with my free hand and tossed them away. Just stop it! I told him. I put him down and held him by his wrist. Reaching out, I also took hold of Sally by her wrist. Now, just listen to me! Both of you! The tone of my voice said it all. I was pissed. I'll break your arms if you struggle to get away... Just test me. 
A moment passed where we all just settled down. I drew in a deep breath and said, What are we doing here? Sally and Kinta glanced at one another before they looked up at me. I can't be a part of this. This human thing you do. The uncertainties, the lies, if you two are so hung up on one another then go ahead, be a couple.
What? Sally said. She fought and pulled to get her arm free. I finally just let her go. She knew I would never actually break her arm. I am not interested in Kinta in the least.
It will take a little more convincing before I will believe you. I told her. Kinta was looking at her. He seemed rather stunned.
Some government officials ordered me to get closer to him and report on any strange activities he might be up to. Sally said seriously.
Kinta? Now I know you're lying. I said. Now if you had said you were ordered to get closer to me for surveillance purposes, then I might be more inclined to believe you, but Kinta? No way.
Ya, not too smart, Sally. Kinta added.
You don't understand. Sally persisted. Kinta is close to being set free from the Island for good behavior. They believe he is the next likely person to be re-admitted back into society. I was not ordered to dig up dirt on him. I was ordered to verify he was clean.
Really? Kinta began to perk up.
Yes, but I'm not sure if there will be consequences for him now if they find out I have told you about their plans. Sally warned.
Kinta pulled his arm free from me and rubbed his wrist as he said to Sally, I'm not happy to find you would mess with my feelings like this, but I would do anything to get off this Island.
So would I. Sally agreed.
There is no reason any of us need to mention this to the Island officials, right? Kinta said, as he gave me a pleading look.
Your secret is safe with us. I told him.
Kinta looked back at Sally and gave her some sort of salute, Sorry toots, your loss. He stepped out of our little circle and ran down through the jungle toward the town.
Sally and I fixed our eyes on one another again. We were alone once more and I began to study her face. She was indeed human and I wondered if I was really interested in her. I found so often I would return to this place deep inside where I realized a relationship between a volk and a human could never truly prosper.
Sally spoke to me softly, Remember when you asked me if we should ever begin a relationship?
Yes, I believe I have asked you that one a few times. I told her.
Well I am thinking specifically about the time you asked me on our first date on the mountain peak. I told you it was not reasonable to ask me about that because it wasn't like we were married.
Bashfully I blushed, Yes, I remember. I said.
You reacted about the same way you are now. She approached me while I was sitting on the rock. She reached up and caressed my cheek with her hand. It is you I love, Eddy.
You love me? I asked. I was taken back for a moment. I had never before experienced the emotion which surged through my heart.
I love you enough to marry you. Sally paused, before she added as an afterthought, S-someday.
My feelings distracted me. I wanted to be alone to sort my thoughts but at the same time I didn't want to leave. I was blinded to all reason. I created an image in my mind where Sally and I were married and living happily together. I could even see us growing old together.
Foolishly, I tossed out all common sense and began to act on my initial feelings. Kinta was out of the picture permanently and all of my dreams were coming true in an instant.
We stepped out onto a rock which reached out from the side of the mountain where we could over-look the steep cliff to the trees and the shore below. The wind blew Sally's hair back.
Can I trust you to keep a secret till the day you die? I asked seriously.
Of course you can. She snapped positively.
No, I don't mean a trust you might have for some petty secret one of your friends might have. I am talking about surrendering your deepest commitment to this secret.
You are, Eddy Evon. You are larger than life. I commit my entire life to you. I would never leave you for anything in the world. She spoke with a strong voice.
Really? I considered. Oh, that sounds good.
If there is something you want to tell me, just go ahead. You can trust me.
I waited a long time. My heart was aching to put all of my chips on the table. I dont know what had a hold on me. Was it truly love? I made my decision without considering the consequences. I was going to tell her everything.
I am taking an awful risk here with what I have decided to tell you, Sally. I was tired of always hiding secrets from her. It maybe the reason why our relationship wasn't working out so good. I convinced myself, by telling her everything, I would be establishing a covenant which would bind Sally to I for all time. I could feel from her how she couldn't understand why I needed her to practically pledge her life to a secret. Evon. I called.
Evon flew out of my ear and Sallys eyes followed it as it hovered around slowly between us. When she saw the little robot go flying out of my ear she thought it was very weird. Evon floated to me at eye level and asked, HOW CAN I ACCOMMODATE YOU, MY LORD?
I want to let down my defenses and tell Sally the truth so Im no longer keeping secrets from her.
HOW CAN I BE OF ASSISTANCE, MASTER? Evon asked.
You are doing just fine by being here with us. I will do the rest. I told it. I walked back to the cab of the car. Evon followed me and Sally followed Evon.
Can I touch it? Sally asked as she drew near to Evon. The little sertz fascinated her.
I giggled a little, I'm not sure if he will let you.
Sally reached out her finger to the tiny sertz, but Evon evaded her from physically nudging it. Sally thought twice about trying to poke Evon again. I pulled my romstrunn from the back seat of my car, I noticed Sallys look of uncertainty to the object. I clasped it over my forearm and its solid acute angles, shaped itself to fit around my arm.
Fancy! Sally said, with a mere fraction of sarcasm in her tone. What does this nifty gadget do?
This is a Romstrunn. As a boy I would explore its memory data base, which is, to say the least, almost infinite, yet, however, not of this world. If this world got hold of the secrets in this baby, providing humans could grasp the terminology and new wave form of mind, your way of living in everyday life would be drastically changed. Here is something basic I can show you. Evon, relay visual optics of a journey route in A-15 free lance level one including series of spectrum and related features, lasting per turn of page. Evon flew around our heads once and Sally turned to follow the little sertz. Don't look at the sertz. Keep your eyes on the monitor. I opened the Romstrunn on my arm to a page made of a highly concentrated micro bio-luminescent fibers. There an image appeared of flight movement venturing quickly through the jungle of the Island.
This is what the little robot can see? Sally asked inquisitively.
Yes, it is, and he can see with more eyes than what you and I can use. I said as Evon prepared to cycle through his different optical capabilities. We were on an adventure which took us through places of the Island niether of us had ever seen. Because we were looking at images from the sertz perspective we would probably never see the Island like this again. As Evon flew I turned the transparent pages of my Romstrunn. Each page was uniquely different. The first was of an ultra violet sighting of radiation. The pages switched to other colors of red, orange, yellow, green, blue and indigo before I condensed them and used the entire prism at once. Evon continued its joy ride as it moved through tiny crevasses and past countless trees. I thought it was wild. Sally, on the other hand was interested but found the experience a little strange. I continued turning pages which brought us to isometric anti-thermo graph which revealed underground rivers and other cold shapes of the Islands crust. I turned to the heat sensitive visual feature just as Evon was moving over some tree tops to return to the rough and jagged look-out again, Sally asked, Hey what's that?
Whats the matter? I questioned.
Tell your little robot, --thing-- to go back. I think I saw some people or ghosts of people anyway.
It was probably some old image which had been burned into the page from long ago. I tried to explain.
Eddy. Sally said as she glared at me with frustration. It was easier to simply make Evon circle around and show us the rock-face which was across the road behind us, than to argue or sour the mood. Besides, it could be amusing.
Evon, circle around and view this rock-face once more. I ordered, pointing my finger at the rock. Evon circled around us and approached the rock wall, before the little robot paused before us in mid air.
Sally and I stared into the page of the Romstrunn. Unfortunately for her, there were no signs of any residual human forms in the page.
See that! Said Sally, with Evon viewing through its thermo graph, a human form appeared for a split second, before it disappeared. Sally and I glanced at each other, before we turned back to the Romstrunn. The form was a heat signature, but it was still too faint to be sure if we were perceiving what we saw properly. The Romstrunn was old and it had also been through a lot. It happened again and the form remained on the Romstrunn page much longer. I studied it, and the ghostly thermal imaging sure seemed human. The form raised an arm before it returned. This confirmed human mannerism. Next, the human heat form walked four paces and I was convinced of its verification.
Evon, remain where you are and continue your survey. I walked to the rough stone wall and pushed my ear against it. Sally followed me and we never let our eyes move away from the visual page.
You can hear what's going on in their? Sally was buzzing with amazement. Everyone suspected something as incredible as Knolix Island operatives inhabiting inner corridors of the great Island was possible, but it just seemed too incredible to be true.
I moved my ear away from the rock to speak to Sally. Stop and listen for a moment, then tell me what you hear.
She listened briefly, before she said, I don't hear anything, whats your point?
I brought my voice down to a low whisper, There are millions of different sounds I hear. The wind carries with it many sounds, birds... insects... waves across the sea and the heaviness you use to draw in a breath. The trees below us are distinguished as I listen to the way the wind ruffles their leaves. Even the dirt beneath our feet changes if you listen.
Wonderful point, Eddy, but what can you hear within that rock? Sally was comfortable with me but something about her was certainly not right. She was not in love with me, but there was something else, something deeper.
With the Romstrunn open, I took it off from my forearm and gave it to Sally. Hold this. I told her, Sally leaned forward under the unexpected weight of the Romstrunn.
When Sally held the Romstrunn in her arms securely, I nudged her to step back. I listened to the rock once more, and heard sounds of electronic software in use. A printer and some other instruments were in use, but the soft sounds were muffled by the thickness of the rock. I could hear a person typing on a keyboard. What keys were being pressed were beyond a volks ability to determine. I concentrated to single out the voices as best as I could. Seven minutes passed as the humans within made small talk. Finally, I heard a muffled human voice ask, Tony, what is your code clearance for the Knolix system?
I can't always be telling you classified information, Don. Spoke a second voice. I heard someone whisper, before I heard keys being typed into the computer.
What do you hear? Sally annoyed me with her constant questions so I waved my hand at her to be quiet.
Six-two-T-S? A voice asked to confirm the final part of the code
Yes, thats Right! Now, just get back to work.
With uncertainty of what my next move should be, I stood away from the rock. I suppose I could have just left quietly, but an idea struck me. An experiment actually, which would test the sturdiness of the rock wall and give the people inside a jolt of life. I already had part of the code and I doubt if anyone would surrender the rest of it anytime soon. Taking hold of a large rock from the edge of the road, I lifted it over my head, before I slammed it against the rock-face three times. It was definitely hollow. I swung around to Sally and peered into the Romstrunn page. Two human forms were shaken and began moving about in a panic.
I closed the Romstrunn and called for Evon. When I told Sally to get into the car, Evon darted into my ear. It flew in and anchored itself so quickly, I thought I was going to stumble off balance. I turned the car around and headed down the dirt road of the Island. Amazed, I unwillfully began to imagine what it must be like within the Island. It must be filled with a maze of corridors and secret rooms. But what secrets lie in wait within? I had to find out. Somehow, some way, I would have to find a way into the Island. The mystery of what secrets could be found burned me up inside with an obsession. Certainly, I knew, my time on the Knolix Island was growing very short.
When I had driven mid way down the mountain, I stopped to over-see the progress of the fire fighters at the burning barn in the distance behind us. I was careful to steer clear of being seen from them as I wound my way through the dirt roads toward the school.
Here we are, school. I said as we pulled up to the little schoolhouse. Lets go!
We jumped out of the car and ran to the school and up the stairs. I tried the door handle but it was locked.
Mr. Dalton must have locked up and gone home already. Forget it, you'll never get in now. Sally braced herself as she expected me to speed away for a new destination, but I wasn't finished with the schoolhouse yet
Sally, you know if you want to enter some place all you have to do is knock. I casually swung my fist toward the door and without letting the impact of the knock hinder the flow of my swing, I knocked the door from its hinges and it collapsed to the floor.
We ran in and I started the computer. Eddy, what exactly are you planning to do? Sally seemed concerned we were just wasting time.
If this Island has a central computer I bet you could access it. I stood up from the computer and pulled the chair out for Sally.
Access the Islands central computer? Where exactly would I start? More importantly, what makes you think this computer is hooked up to the central computer?
Trust me, if it is hooked up to the Net, it is all tied together. Now, if youre a lethal computer hacker, you shouldn't have any further questions. Especially about the Knolix system.
Sally glanced up at me and keyed the system into the web search. We came to about a hundred different Knolix systems and they all had to be accessed by code. I gave her the final sequence of the code I heard, 62-TS.
While Sally was busy trying to break into one of the systems, I asked Evon to find my pencil. Evon always comes through for me in those scarce occasions where I misplaced something. A sertz never forgets.
I've got it! Sally shouted. Sorry I took so long. she certainly had a talent for computer hacking. I was expecting to be waiting much longer.
The complete code is 8462-TS. Sally told me. The computer screen went through a cycle of information quickly. After the computer lingo flashed across the screen, a marvellous federal eagle and globe emblem appeared upon a blue back drop.
This is exactly what I did which got me in trouble in the first place. Sally said nervously.
Yes but this time I will protect you and you're going to get off the Island. I reassured her.
The federal emblem lasted about fifteen seconds before we were in and able to search the system. Sally and I worked well together. We started with the Island and found it had a higher security than they wanted us to believe. According to the Knolix system, the Island's name was confirmed as the Knolix Island and it was completely manufactured and created by man. 
Not only was the Island quarantined, it was the secret government grounds for the conduct of many of their top secret projects. Ferries and freighters used for transport to and from the Island ceased after my mother and I escaped the Island the first time. We used the computer screen pen to point and click as we glanced through each level of the Island. The first level was of the exterior surface of the Island, but next the computer revealed how the inside of the Island was not solid. The top of the Islands peak kept helicopters, cannons, radars and various technical instruments from weather to observation. Level by level, we discovered the entire inner structure of the Island was self sufficient. The exterior of the Island, we knew, was just the tip of the iceberg. The inside of the Island extended far below the oceans surface.
Studying the computerized map of the Island, we found each room was numbered. By using the mouse and double clicking on any given number on the map, a screen would appear providing us access to the areas surveillance cameras. We could access several video surveillance view points from both inside and outside the Island. The system also had audio capabilities. There were fifty eight thousand nine hundred and eighty two cameras throughout the entire Island. There were some small simple private quarters for the staff, recreational swim and fitness gym, bio chemical labs, blood labs, DNA research and testing labs. The center of the Island had a huge solid cylindrical core which passed through many levels. Its number corresponded with the letters T.S. Core storage facilities. Below the core facility was the main power generator. At the outskirts of the generator was the lower military bunker and hardware hanger. Multiple security sectors were located at random locations all over the Islands grid, and similar hidden passageways were also found but not all of them led out to a road. Some led out to surface facilities like the doctors office, peoples homes and even the schoolhouse. 
Schoolhouse? I looked around the room in wonderment. Recalling the time I spent in that school room I never suspected a hidden passage was possible. It surprised me with a boyhood sense of wonderment.
I told Sally to burn everything onto a disk and keep quiet while I searched for the hidden passage. I concentrated and focused all of my senses on the surroundings to find a sign which would directly or indirectly lead me to the hidden door. I knocked on the chalk board, stomped my feet on the floor and looked behind every wall. When I came up empty handed, I moved to search the only other likely place where the passage way could possibly be.
After Sally burned the files onto a disk, I rolled up my sleeve off the romstrunn and opened it. I placed the disk inside the romstrunn. I felt it was secure there when I heard the cover snap shut.
I took Sally outside to the cellar doors at the back of the school. I reached down and pulled the floor doors open. The pad lock and chain did not put up much resistance, they easily snapped off. I led her down the stairs, into the dark. Besides a boiler unit near to the far wall, I was surprised to find so much empty space. I can't see a thing. Sally whispered as we both had to duck low because of the wiring, water piping and venting.
Its probably just as well. A voice spoke. What do you think you are doing in here anyway? It was Mr. Dalton. I was so certain Sally and I were alone just a moment before he spoke, and my eyes are pretty good in the dark. Nevertheless, Mr. Dalton was in the school cellar. I didn't want to argue with him or ask permission to search for the hidden passage. Sally still strained her eyes to find the teacher but I could see more than just Mr. Daltons silhouette. I stepped toward him, raised my hand to his face and flicked him in the fore-head with my finger. He was out cold before he hit the floor. A glance to my left revealed a bench of tools and old dusty parts and junk. To my right was a large metal door with a tiny blinking red light above it. A security computer card-lock panel was mounted to the wall beside the large door. I found a light bulb hanging from the ceiling with a small dangling chain. I pulled the chain and the basement lit up with a soft orange glow.
Sally studied the room quickly once the darkness was defeated. Oh my! What have you done to Mr. Dalton? Sally went to the school teacher where she checked to make sure he was breathing and to be sure he still had a pulse.
How is he? It was then I began to wonder if Mr. Dalton was seriously injured.
Hes okay, but what did you do to him?
I knocked him out. With relief I told Sally what I did.
Sally glared at me. Hes a good man. Don't hurt anyone else or I will scrap this whole thing and turn you in myself.
We are in a desperate situation. I am not going to be caught and you will be protected under my care. Just follow my instructions and you wont have to worry about anything. When I spoke to Sally this way, she seemed to tense up. Now she was worried.
Well, maybe we should scrap this whole idea anyway. Being thrown into a high security prison isnt what I want. It could easily happen to me, but a volk? What would they do to you? Arent you worried they will lobotomize an uncooperative volk?
What are you saying? You want me to do nothing? I cant do that. When we get inside this door more secrets will be open to us? You are with me, aren't you?
What good will it do you to know the secrets of this Island or any other Island if it's just going to get you killed? You and I would be better off not going any further and enjoy our time here than to risk everything, besides not even you could get through that door, Eddy. Sally had attitude. Unless you can surprise me and produce a pass code card with a magnetic strip from your deck of trick cards.
No, I don't need to produce a pass-code card, Mr. Dalton should already be carrying one. Come on, let's search him.
Sally stood with her hand on her hip and gave me a coy stare. She was putting up a fair share of resistance. I began to bend down to search Mr. Dalton myself when Sally quickly bent down before me and frantically searched the pockets of the school teacher. In no time, Sally found the card in the wallet of the teacher's inside jacket pocket. She slipped the card into her own pocket and ran up the stairs out of the cellar. I am sorry Eddy, but I can't let you do this. Sally shouted back at me as she bolted.
I heard a lot of noise growing outside. I ran out behind Sally and saw a massive military force approaching from down the road. My mother once told me the bees will get mad if you shake their hive. They were kicking up a huge cloud of dust behind them. Five AH-64 Apache helicopters were in the air. A Mi-17 helicopter landed between Sally and the oncoming MK. VII Churchill Crocodile tanks, armored personnel carriers, surface-to-surface missile (SSM) trucks and military jeeps. 
Sally climbed aboard the Mi-17 helicopter and it lifted off.

As out of place as it may have seemed for the moment, all I could think about was how one way or another I was seeing the Knolix Island for the last time. What I had the most trouble with leaving behind was not just my home but a world I had literally helped to build with my own two hands. 
Behind me was the new extension to school which I was a large part of. And the bridge made of logs which the military was crossing with confidence their heavy tanks would be supported. I recalled the new swimming pool and water slides and a one of a kind human water launcher powered from a pulse generator, all of my design. Near to this was the games court and golf course so no one had to suffer of boredom who lived on the Knolix Island. The labs and observatories I wanted to visit in the world were recreated to the finest detail possible from the information I could scrounge up as a gift to Sally. I built training courses with specialized performance military programs I created to enhance the military soldiers who came to the Island. 
I thought about the town of Scamp where Gastonish and I did more than this as we organized a functioning business circuit on the Island by talking to the people to find their strengths. We persuaded people to try our ideas with positivity and encouragement. Gastonish and I loved to work together as we assisted the people to make their dreams come true. We became financially tied to everything the people of Scamp did. Through persuasion and reverse psychology, we managed to affect positive change so the people had reason to believe it was by their own intellect and efforts where they created such successes and strengths to the town of Scamp with a reward program. It was by these same means Gastonish had the people conceive of electing a town mayor. Gastonish and I were nominated as a couple of prime candidates.

Chapter 11

Gastonish was working with blue prints in a spacious mahogany office. Everything in the office was set neatly and precisely in its place from books displayed on shelves to the sheets of paper shredded and laid neatly in the waste basket. The top half of the walls were a deep forest green and decorated with awards and two large maps. One map was of the world and the other was an enlarged topographic view of the Island.
Men stood around Gastonish who sat at the head of the desk. Spread out on the desk before Gastonish, was a list. On the list were the top issues of problems being addressed at the UN capital of the world. Not every problem for the day could be listed, of course, but Gastonish found it to be a great honor to be included. The purpose was to test Gastonish because there had been reports of people in high places beginning to take an interest in my mothers wisdom. The man who stood closest to Gastonish was Dr. Evon. He stood just behind Gastonish's left shoulder like he was her bodyguard or something. 
Gastonish nodded her gratitude of thanks to the doctor with happy eyes. Dr. Evon smiled back at her. He was not sure if he could get used to her new hair style. It was a pulled back pony flip. She had her own style of beauty, feminine but strong with accentuated cheek bones, fore-head and jaw. Always experimenting with different wigs, her beauty had been one where getting used to it was common.
Throughout the meeting the other men were softening up from their skepticism. They found Gastonish a joy to be around and she even impressed them from time to time with her own brand of unexpected humor.
Gastonish was indirectly quoting verses from the law of the Ied era. Though her words were inspirational, they had little bearing on the ways in which governments were run on earth. Our responsibility must be as constant as the stability we expect from the atmosphere which surrounds our planet and gives us life. Let us not become hung-up on simple issues, rather let us move forward, straight and unmoving like time. We will pick up ourselves in this journey and we will not stumble. This is how we must be from the beginning to the end. In all circumstances we must stay positive and strong to the end.
Are you suggesting we do something different, Gastonish? The president of Denmark questioned wearing an expensive wrinkle free suit.
Thats correct. Gastonish said with a breath of heavy annoyance, Still I must be patient with you. You have talked about many problems concerning religion and UN relations, but I am telling you to see past all of this. If peace is what you are after, do not stumble over the little things which hinder you. Everyone wants peace, but everyone fears change. Once everyone buys into the leaders vision, the rest is easy. However, I warn you in this human culture there are great dangers by having one leader for the entire planet. A volk would set not only its mind to a devotion of global peace but its entire life.
What are you suggesting, that you or your volk son should be leader of the world? asked the bold president of the United States of America.
We must look at our structure of control and leadership as a complete functional engine. With an artist's eye we can make it perfect. Gastonish added though the other government representatives of the world did not seem to understand her.
I am attempting to resolve the issues you have laid before me with a grand point of view.
She means taking a look at the big picture. Dr. Evon spoke out to clarify Gastonish's intentions. Now I understand how it is easy to take offense to many of the things Gastonish might say. It sounds like she is taking a stab at the intellect and moral incompetence of our species. Just remember, sometimes we dont want to hear someone elses opinion if it is too critical. Gastonish will openly admit she is not human, but she is on our side so we owe it to her to listen. Dr. Evon stepped forward and let out a heavy breath. I suppose what I'm trying to say, gentlemen, is we have to keep an open mind and push ourselves to fully understand what Gastonish is telling us.
A healthy and strong civilization needs to begin with healthy and strong citizens. Gastonish began again. The percentage of poverty and sickness in the world is unacceptable. Leaders need to start here, because this is where the economy has become the most off-set. I have heard someone say 'within each one of us is at least one special talent.' If this is true, we are far below the average of where we are supposed to be. One good choice would be in the development of a system which gives everyone respective equal opportunities. A force behind the workforce like a booster in our society which finds a usefulness for people from a standby list. Everyone unemployed must be on the list. Those on standby are trained and those trained receive minimum payment. I also have a special recipe for a vitamin which will not only clean people up from substance abuse, but it will take the place of alcohol, drugs and other popular illegal substances. We will create a new system where the good guy finishes first. The things good people need will come to them. People who choose a life of crime, will find crime no longer pays. Gastonish explained.
Crime doesnt pay? A stocky built Russian ambassador said. Dont you think most people have figured that out?
Gastonish answered the question quickly, When I watch the news and face issues like these ones you have listed for me here, the answer is no.
The vice president of the United States of America started up. Well, perhaps it's just human nature but if there's something to be learned from history you'll find it repeats. Governments and kingdoms rise and they fall. Populations grow and millions will die due to war, disease or famine. Life in this world has its own form of control and we call it nature. Throughout history there've always been people who opposed a higher power. People will find something to complain about and in no time they will have a reason to try to test the system. There is always going to be a person who will challenge authority, breaking rules to find a faster way of making money. Yelling things like, In the name of freedom!
Then weve got to yell it first. Make the statements. Make the examples, unless you find a better way.
Do you know of a better way than the one you have for us? came a remark from the secretary of defense.
We are not technically ready to go to the next level yet, but I do have improvements in mind. For instance, we need to break the cycle of this world's nature. People have the potential to live much longer than the age one hundred and they should. We need more humans too. Reproduce and grow, I say. This planet is big enough. More people means more farmers and more producers, but for the sake of argument, let's say earth was not big enough. Do you know how many habitual worlds there are out there? You need to do little to no change to most of the worlds we could easily inhabit. Protect your planet and search for other worlds as well. You must become a strong race of people with perfect moral integrity. Gastonish proved to be very unpredictable. She once mentioned to me how her plan was to design a system like she was used to in the Ied era where a sertz was a big part of a developing society. In the same way how a sertz is needed for finance, identity and a connection to the rest of volk kind, Gastonish had a devise in mind to mimic the basics of a sertz's usefulness. The problem was to keep the devise from becoming an implant. The sertz was the optimum success system on Gastonish's home planet of Verticus. Whats more important is leadership. Who will lead and make the decisions to bring the people of earth through each challenge and level. I would like to walk you all through a process to determine the best possible choice for planetary leadership.
This is why we will test these new forms of government control and development here on the citizens of the Island. spoke the king of Nigeria who was in favor of Gastonishs approach. 
Here on the Island? The American president cut in critically, Should we test a system from volks, with volks? It is fine to do so but I am more interested in the results from test made specifically with humans. The president looked at Gastonish. Don't get me wrong Gastonish, you and your son are truly remarkable but I need to focus on the future of the people. Earthen, human people.
Of course, Mr. President. Gastonish answered, though she caught a dangerous thought from the President at that moment of a worthlessness for all volk kind.
Dr. Evon cleared his throat before he spoke again, Yes, it is our opinion that Eddy is remarkable. He has single handedly become the strength to the civilization of this Knolix Island. He has brought will power and hope to the impoverished. This is but a glimpse of what we will find in the future if he is ever to be let loose into the world.
The doctor's comment did not stir comments from the other officials, but rather it did generate thought.

A large red metal object exploded through the small window and tore down most of the wall around it with an ear splitting crash. Pieces of wood and gyp rock littered the office within a cloud of dust.

My red six wheeled car landed heavily in the office where I found Gastonish in a room amongst humans. I opened my door and called out from my open window for my mother, Quick mom! Get in! We havent much time.
Eddy Evon, what do you think you're doing? Gastonish demanded an answer.
Mom, listen, get in the car right now. I opened the door. These people are not who they claim to be. They are frauds! They are the enemy! Now get in the car. I spoke very fast as volks can.
A moment was lost as my mother turned to look at the men rising to their feet. One of the men opened his jacket to reach for his side arm.
Get in! I directed her with haste. Gastonish turned away from the men and took a step toward me.
Halt or I will shoot! hollered the words from the secretary of defense from behind, but Gastonish never broke her pace. I heard a loud knock as the gun fired, but it did not seem loud enough to be a gun. However, I knew a gun was fired because I saw Gastonish lurch before she fell into the back seat. A stream of dark blood marked the bullets course as it passed right through the left side of her upper chest.
Gastonish No!!! yelled Dr. Evon.
Xonox shot out of my mothers ear. The little sertz was still secretly operating under the protective code of the thrustle-T. It shot three bright twinkling stars at the man who fired the gun. Sounding off across the room, resonating like the tone of a wind chime, the stars disappeared into the man. Each of the stars disappeared into the stomach, chest and head of the secretary of defense. All three of the impact points split open. The wounds continued to rip and shred open in a grotesque manner until the body was entirely turned inside out. The sound of flesh tearing, almost made Dr. Evon throw up. The other important men scrambled to keep from sharing in the same manner of death but when they came to the door they found it locked.
Dr. Evon dashed toward Gastonish and he held her by her arm. Don't go! Please. Swallowed the doctor. They will kill us both. The other men in the room were horrified at what happened to their comrade. They also reached into their jackets to take hold of their weapons.
Leaning out I grabbed Dr. Evon and pulled him into the car with Gastonish. The door slammed shut behind them. Bullets ricochet off the thick metal of my car. Over powering Dr. Evon I shoved his clumsy body into the back seat. With Gastonish and Dr. Evon with me, I drove further into the study room knocking the men to the floor once again. The barking guns ceased immediately. Throwing us into reverse, I backed out. My heavy car tore up the floor and weakened the building's supports. As we left the facility, the ceiling collapsed.
Mom, youve been shot! Spinning the car around I tore off down the road. How can I help? Dr. Evon, do something! I turned right around and shot a look at the doctor in the back seat. Speaking more calmly, I said, Dr. Evon, you've got to help her. The doctor was silent and his eyes, confused. As though waking from a trance, Dr. Evon took off his jacket and held it over my mothers chest wound and applied pressure.
It's bad, Eddy. Gastonish answered for Dr. Evon. Dark red blood soaked her shirt.
The Ied era! a thought of hope slammed into me. We have volks in our time who will help you. Be strong for me mom. I can still save you. Just hold on! I can still save you, and I can take you to the Ied era where you can be helped. I leaned the car into a side-way skid.
The six wheels spun relentlessly as I drove our heavy momentum out of the skid and around the corner. Behind us, the maneuver breathed life into a monstrous cloud of blustering dust.
From the beginning, my only hope had been the Zandith Crockmior. Gastonish spoke but I wasnt sure if she was reacting oddly to the sudden loss of blood. I have done all that is necessary. The metamorphic stages of the life-boat from larva to insect should be completed well enough to fulfill our purpose. However, it is best for us to wait until the life-boat emerges from its cocoon and eats before we use it to leave this world.
Are you sure we should have this discussion while Dr. Evon is here? I asked.
We need only to move quickly, Eddy. Secrets dont matter anymore. 
The look in Dr. Evon's eyes added surprise to his shock. He hadn't suspected that Gastonish and I could have any secrets at all, though he was still in the dark as to the details of the secret. As Dr. Evon held the jacket to her bullet wound, Gastonish cupped her hand around his wrist and moved it away. He was no longer applying pressure. Gastonish gazed into his eyes seriously as he looked back at her with confusion. She tore her blouse exposing the bloody wound. Xonox emerged from her ear and Dr. Evon's eyes grew wide when he caught sight of it.
What is that?! He demanded to know. I suspected you were keeping something from me, but this?...
Xonox circled around between them and began to tend to the wound with it's tiny robotic arms. Gastonish flinched in pain as the sertz continued to work. Dr. Evon looked on in amazement.
I reached my arm out to her and gently took her hand. You are in immediate need of medical attention. I reached down to the floor of the passenger seat and lifted my mothers suit case to her.
My suit, Eddy. Gastonish said with pain on her lips. Thank you. She cringed again.
In a blink of an eye the nearing corner of the road brought with it a brigade of military vehicles racing straight toward us. Everybody hit the brakes and tried to veer off in a last second attempt to avoid a collision. My bumper kissed the edge of the lead military jeep igniting a flash of sparks. As I grated my car side-long against an M1 Abram tank, the jeep careened off the side of the road and into a ravine. The commander of the M1 Abram opened up on me firing shots from his M2-.50 caliber. He quickly changed his mind as the convoy came between us. I sped up and dodged through the dusty traffic. I had no intentions to give the M1 Abram an opportunity to discharge a shot from its main gun which was an M256-120mm cannon. I came out through the mad rush of military traffic into their previous wake of dust. I was blinded for a moment until the five AH-64 Apache helicopters overhead spotted us and changed direction to pursue us. The dust dispersed, and when I could recognized my surroundings, I found I had veered off the road. Recognizing where I was, I headed for a short-cut through the woods.
I found my way to a path which wound along the steep ravine amongst the thickness of bushes, ferns and tall trees. It was difficult to navigate my car at high speed and still perform the hair pin turns of the tight trail. We were led up, down, left and right, on and on like a roller coaster which seemed to have no end. After our rough ride through the narrow nature trail we tore through the over grown foliage near the far side of the schools field. We exploded out of the bush and drove down into the open school yard. Your crazy! Dr. Evon spat at me. I have been studying you your whole life and I still can't figure you out. You come across as such an intelligent being, then you do something like this. What do you think you will accomplish by trying to out run the military? The helicopters have been with us the entire time you were trying to lose them.
I was taking a short-cut. I told him flatly.
So you could get captured sooner, here at the school? came Dr. Evon's question, just before a row of ammunition from the helicopter chewed up a path in the road alongside us.
Shut-up! Gastonish snapped. Her tone was noticeably weaker and she seemed to sit sluggishly in her seat as she powered up her suit. The suit covered her body as her helmet formed around her head.

The power behind the treads that clawed and dug through the field left two deep trenches to mark our path. Chunks of dirt and grass were thrown high into the air behind us. Ripping through the sandy playground, my car continued up a small grade. Two soldiers clad in green army fatigues stood guard at the cellar doors outside the school. They lifted their automatic rifles and opened fire. My windshield was riddled with bullet holes. We kept our heads low as I increased speed. The hood was holding up fine under the pressing fire before I heard one of my fog lights take a shot and shatter. The brave guards stood their ground to the last possible moment before they dived out of my path. My car busted into the double doors which enclosed the ground entrance to the boiler room. One of my spot lights still functioned and lit the dark room under the school house. I stopped short of the menacing metal door that blocked the way. A quick observation revealed Mr. Daltons body had been removed.
Evon, recreate the sound of a rapid fire machine gun. At my command, Evon flew out of my ear and opened its little robotic mouth as wide as it could. With astounding sharpness the little sertz repeated the sound of open gunfire. The sound was so authentic Dr. Evon shot his hands to his ears.
I could hear the soldiers outside, Find cover! Find Cover! They're armed. Hearing the sound of their feet running off into the distance, I knew my plan to buy us some time was a success.
Doctor, if you will. Use your pass code card to open this door. I said as I gave Dr. Evon the stare.
I do not have clearance. answered Dr. Evon shrugging his shoulders and showing me the palms of his hands.
Your attempt to persuade me your card clearance will not be accepted is useless. You have Majestic clearance, remember? Now, use your card, open the door, or I will open it for you. The Doctor tried to waste time in a stare, but when I opened my door to get out, he moved.
Dr. Evon walked up to the panel beside the door and held out his card. He glanced back at me and I took a step toward him. My face slightly entered the light of the spot light and my facial shadows portrayed an exaggerated expression of insane anger. For a split second the doctors eyes flared in shock. He dropped the card to the floor and proceeded to stomp and scuff it under his feet. The card was destroyed. Its plastic coating cracked and pealed back and the writing and bar codes of it were ruined. He turned and looked at me solemnly. His eyes tightened as he awaited his conviction.
Doctor Evon. I said disappointedly, Get in the car. Promptly, Dr. Evon took his seat without hesitation. I stood between the car and the mysterious solid metal door and called for Evon, my sertz. Evon came out of my ear and attached itself to my lintin wristband.
Eddy, Gastonish swallowed hard. She could not conceal her pain. Where did you get that?
I made a quick stop to grab our gear before I came for you. I was not comfortable seeing my mother fighting to stay alive. The military were on my tail the whole time. We won't be using that secret hiding spot again. It just isn't so secret anymore. I held out my fist with the lintin strapped tightly around my wrist, Evons eyes glowed brightly and shot out a beam against the door. The door liquefied and spilled to the floor. 
An alarm sounded and a female voice announced, Security breach in the schoolhouse sector! Over the metallic puddle we looked into a silvery hallway beyond.
I heard as more military soldiers approached the schoolhouse on foot from the AH-64 Apache helicopters. They landed the choppers at a distance in the school field. The sound of the rotors chopping the air was like the drum beats of war. I swung around and jumped back into the drivers seat. Bullets streamed in at us from behind and I drove into the doorway to the passage into the Island. The corridor peeked our interest as we entered into the amazing unknown.
There was no turning back. The only way to get out of danger would be to dive right into it.

My rubber tires squeaked as we raced along the smooth surface of the corridor within. Driving down the tight corridor we came to another sealed door. There was no time to ask the doctor where the door would lead. The second door was not as thick as the first but it required another security ID card. Rather than wasting time with it, I sped up and rammed the doors down with the large front tires of my car. We came to a sudden stop and found we were in an elevator. The car did not fit completely inside the tight confinements. I spun the wheels and shot the broken doors out behind us and they clattered loudly down the hall. The large protruding front tires gripped the closed doors at the far wall of the cramped elevator compartment. With the exaggerated treads of the front tires, we were able to maintain a grip on the closed doors. The front end began to lift as it crawled up the elevator doors. I heard the tail pipe and rear bumper scrape the floor behind. I kept driving until we could go forward no more and still clear enough room for the open elevator doors to close us inside. To do this success fully, I had to bring the vehicle to an almost vertical position where we could fit entirely within the elevator compartment. More bullets sprayed in our direction from an automatic weapon which dropped down from the ceiling. I rolled down my window and hit the elevator button which took us to a lower level. I knew where to go as all I had to do was recall the map of the inner Knolix Island corridors which Sally found earlier.
I checked on Gastonish. Is she... gone? I asked with a loud swallow.
Dr. Evon shook his head negatively, By now, a human would be to sustain such a lethal wound to the chest. He ran his fingers over the circuit design of Gastonish's glowing suit. What is this technology?
Gastonish opened her eyes slightly and looked at me. Her wounded expression fit the telepathic message she sent me, 'Fix me...' This tore me up inside.
With my front tires still resting high on the elevator doors I saw the lights wink down through the levels. The doors hushed open before us, and the front end of the car dropped down. We found ourselves in a wide open compartment. A guard stood surprised behind the large glass door of his security check booth. A second guard at a check station at the far end of the large concrete room began to shoot at us, his bullets spraying from his rifle. The thick hull of the car protected us as long as we all kept our heads down. The bullets ricochet off the car and decorated the walls and ceiling of the corridor completing the likeness of Swiss cheese. It wasn't long before the humans weapon jammed. I hit the throttle and raced toward the Knolix guard. Fear vibrated in his eyes and his face went pale. When the guard jumped out of our way, I stopped abruptly locking up my wheels causing us to slide along the mirror smooth floor. We crashed through the glass check station which sent shattered fragments twinkling through the air in all directions. When we finally stopped sliding and spinning, and the glass check station had disintegrated around us, I found we were in a large room. There, we met many lab technicians dressed in white. Each one looked the same because they also wore red bump caps and safety glasses. One of the personnel hit a red button sounding a siren and flashing red alert lights.
I twisted myself around to check on Gastonish again. Mom, how are you doing?
Xonox, take away my pain and speed my healing. Pain was laced throughout each word Gastonish spoke.
AS YOU WISH YOUR MAJESTY. answered the calm feminine voice of her personal tiny hovering sertz.
Ill be fine in just a few seconds, Eddy. Gastonish told me as she fought to try to make everything seem better than it was. She didn't want me to worry.
Clean, quarantined and technical. The underground compartment was essentially white with the exception of many odd computer and experimental components. As I glanced around, I saw classic bubbling test tubes, Bunsen burners and microscopes which occupied most of the desk tops. Shiny mirrored chrome borders finished the lines of the wall mounted computer equipment. Yellow guard rails were bolted around each landing and staircase.
Violence had already taken place in the room as a broken computer and monitor lay shattered on a cart and bullet holes riddled the ceiling. 
The people scattered immediately. I watched all movement, memorizing all actions of the humans in white lab coats, no matter how insignificant. Who followed who and in what direction they headed. Many escaped out through the elevator which we smashed into the room from, while others ran up a spiraling staircase at the left corner. The staircase led to an overlooking supervisory office. Only one operative was not running with the others, but trying to finish something at a terminal. The others dropped what they were doing immediately and fled for their lives. I snapped my driver side rear-view mirror off the door and targeted the human sharply. I threw the mirror snapping my wrist to put a spin on it. The mirror twanged as it deflected off the floor swiftly and struck the mans ankle. He cried out in pain and fell to the ground. I flew from the car and in a matter of a few short leaps I checked the computer screen to see what he found so important.
At least I didn't have to worry about the hard part in finding and using a high security computer to gain access. The agent was seconds from down-loading something important and closing the file. The computer beeped and the information was saved onto a memory disk. I popped out the disk and slid it into my romstrunn. Dr. Evon ran to my side and looked over my shoulder.
These are restricted files. You should not be looking at this! Dr. Evon seemed to panic as though I might stumble onto something important. He obviously wanted to keep his secrets, a secret but this was a time for confessions and I was determined to see to it.
Dr. Evon quickly tried to reach around me and touch the keyboard. I pushed his face away with the palm of my hand. Eddy, Please! You are in over your head. Now surrender before you get us all killed. I made no effort to entertain his request. You should, at least check the map icon to figure out where you are.
I already know where I am. This is not the first time I have accessed this computer network. As the words flowed from my mouth, Dr. Evon went as pale as a ghost. He jolted toward the power cord and I pulled him away at the instant his fingertips made contact. Spinning from the desk chair, I held Dr. Evon by his arms and kept his elbows tight together at his back. Dr. Evon struggled for a moment and before he relaxed in my powerful hold.
Tossing Dr. Evon away from me like a useless bag of trash, I made my point. I continued searching the open file. I found documentations of each and every citizen of the Island. I scanned over the names and double clicked over the name Frank Emsesqua. His file appeared on the screen and I heard a slight gasp from Dr. Evon.
What are you doing Eddy, is this what all of this is for? To read private files? I don't believe you ever really knew or wanted to know, Frank. I thought you were going to break into some important files. Dr. Evon rested his head back slightly with a smug smile directed at me.
Don't be so obvious Doctor. The sound of your rapid heart rate is so annoying it becomes more distracting than you are. I have struck a nerve here and you know it. Now, lets see what secrets are so important to you. I moved the cursor down the file and read everything. 
Frank was the quiet boy who sat at the back of my school-room class. He seemed to struggle with many simple class assignments. Frank was the kind of kid which didn't seem to invite the other peers to want to get to know him. I often wondered, was he somehow more than the teased dyslexic of my class? What brought him to this Island? Could he be so dangerous he should be separated from society?
Now the truth was pouring out to me from the file as I read. At first it was as refreshing as water but it soon began to burn to an uncomfortable torment. Frank was one of the Knolix Island's experiments in cloning. Apparently, the Island was heavily involved in cloning procedures. I learned how a clone was a group of organisms derived from a single individual by various types of asexual reproduction. A method was used to lead DNA to RNA. They also used the process of Mitosis by which a cell is divided to produce two identical cells. A cell is the structural unit of plant or animal life. These cells that differ from the parent cell only by size are considered Mitotic. 

Frank was cloned with the DNA of Albert Einstein. He was the product of one of the world's greatest minds. The file mockingly referred to him as Frank Einstein. The Government's own top secret creation for the purpose of studying and stretching the boundaries of a human mind. He was created in another secluded laboratory in California. After experiencing problems unlocking his minds potential, they soon moved him to the Island where they hoped my influence would bring out the genius within him.
My file was the longest and most elaborate. Lucky for us, I could read it all at a glance. I was shocked to discover all of the skin, blood and tissue samples, along with countless experiments which were conducted on me, went toward a twisted idea to create computer programmable volk clones of myself for military purposes. Initially, I wanted to destroy the Knolix Island right then and there. As I read on, I found many of the samples of my body were used in experiments to find what effects volk blood and other fluid samples of my body would have in a human bodys system. I wanted to know who it was who received such treatment, but my file only referred to the patient as factor: 26759.
I turned and grabbed Dr. Evon by the breast of his shirt. Who is the one given injections of my blood? What were the effects? I stood up from the chair and lifted Dr. Evon off his feet. Give me the name! I ordered him as I drew back my fist. You better answer me! The doctors eyes welled up and his face became red and tight as he quivered with fear.
Eddy, stop! Gastonish spoke from the open car door. With her hand pressed against her chest, Gastonish was recovering quickly or else she was putting on one amazing show. Her tone made me feel like I was a two year old again. This isn't like you to be so impatient. Besides, look at him. I don't think he could answer you even if you asked him to give you his own name.
Dr. Evon went limp with fatigue. I knew I could not depend on him so I had to find a different way to track the name. I exited my file and scrolled down the names from the list of the Island population. Beside each name was a number. I found the number: 26759 and beside it was the name Domin. I opened the file. Domin was also one of the Islands experiments. He was not a clone, but one would wonder if they had been successful in re-birthing the devils rage within him. As a newborn, Domin came into the world physically handicap as his body had deficiencies. He was not expected to live for very long. Domin was selected in breach of project operations because only those were selected who were in prime physical health. The mistake was made within the operation of absolute secrecy and justified as Domin proved to be the most resilient human subject. The project involved volk body parts to be implanted into human bodies. Four other newborns were also selected. They were named; Narl, Stroy, Oblit, and Grud. 'Who were they?' I wondered as I had never met these fascinating and mysterious Brothers. Eddy felt a kinship with these Brothers though he was cheated in never being permitted the opportunity to meet them. 
Organs were replaced and repaired in all of the Brothers but Domin was the only one to ultimately survive the operations. The other four had been driven mad with anger to the point of death. Only Domin seemed to defy the odds time and time again. 
'Domin was a real survivor. I had no idea what he had been through.' The volk organ donor was none other than my twin brother who died at birth. Though I had grown up with Domin, I never suspected he and I had so much in common despite his amazing abilities. At school he had his moments where he seemed uncontrollable. His anger and solitude left him very unpopular. According to the report, the injections had an affect on his mind, strength and metabolism. CAT scans revealed his mind was, both rejecting and accepting the volk flesh. The result; Domin's human body parts had to work harder than they were designed. With his extraordinary disorder, Domin was unwillfully driven to anger. His body grew in musculature as though he was on steroids. I personally found Domin's strength rivalled my own. 'Knowing what I know now, I would have had better relations with Domin and been more patient with him and his struggles with his anger and power. When Domin went missing from the Island, many people hoped it was for good. Perhaps he did not leave the Island, maybe he was taken within it. I might find him here imprisoned someplace.'

I was just about to leave the computer console when another name seemed to stand out in the list; Doctor William J. Evon.
Glancing over at Dr. Evon, I didn't want to let him know I found a file on him. He was checking on Gastonish's wounds. No matter how long his file would end up being, all I needed was to glance at it to read it all. 
What was stranger than Dr. Evon having a file, was the content of the file. As a boy, Will Evon became entangled in an incident involving an alien encounter of his hometown. The creature used him to communicate through before it was shot and killed. The telepathic experience he had with the alien seemed to unlock and open Will Evon's mind. Academically he excelled and finally graduated at the top of many difficult fields at a prestigious university. Before Gastonish and I came along, Dr. Evon was the overseer of a captured alien Ornock. It to was killed trying to escape a heavily fortified government facility. The incident of the Ornock's death happened shortly after Gastonish was burned and captured.

A female voice spoke loud and strong through the intercom. Intruder alert on level four. The tech lab is being raided by the factor: Eddy. All military personnel must use extreme caution. Shoot to kill.
Dr. Evons jaw dropped and my mother began to rush me to get moving. Another voice, a male voice spoke out over the intercom which was strong, experienced and secure. Dispatch, this is Commander Hinton, please verify the location of the intruders.
Level four, Tech lab. I am looking at them on the monitor right now! To no avail, the feminine speaker tried to cover the nervousness in her voice.
Confirmed dispatch, we are on route. A break of static ended the transmission.
All right, thats it. I said. We're outa here. I was content knowing the memory disk loaded with information was safely tucked away in my romstrunn.
The loud speaker buzzed to life again. Commander, out-post has ordered you to keep the volk factor from entering C-section. C-section must be kept quarantined at all costs.
A nervous voice spoke low and shakily from behind me. If you knew what kind of man commander Hinton was you would be running for your life right now. Dr. Evon warned.
Jumping back into the car, I gazed across the tech lab at some double doors of another elevator. I thought about attempting to enter them but the panel on the wall was designed for voice code authorization only, and none of the other technicians seemed to know how to use it because they all steered clear of it. I threw the car into a tight U-turn, knocking over tables and lab equipment, before we headed back to the elevator at the other end of the Swiss cheese hallway. 
The doors slid open and the elevator took us to the next lower level. The doors opened to a parking lot of small vehicles, as well as a set of battery powered street bikes. We breezed past the parked vehicles before we headed into the corridor which led us through a maze of turns. When we came to a large sealed door, I told Dr. Evon, Get out and open the door. 
Reluctantly, Dr. Evon stood out of the car and opened the large door. When the door split and slid into the walls, we were faced with a blur of traffic streaming by. I got out of the car and told Dr. Evon to get back into it. Peeking around the corner, I looked for a large gap between the traffic of tiny cars. When I saw it, I jumped back into the driver's seat and gunned it across the four lanes of traffic to another set of double doors on the other side. Ramming the doors in, we continued through the corridors as they quickly lost their formal, clean, appeal as though we were moving deeper into the mechanical guts which made the Knolix Island run. The walls of the dark, dimly lit corridor were built up of a variety of large pipes and black twisted shafts along with thick electrical cables. One short section was congested with a large complex circuitry net-work which opened up to a room. Island technicians and workers scrambled to get out of our way. We conveyed the appearance of terrorizing invaders but I felt like we were renegades running from the law. Curious as we were, we had no time to search anything. As we made our way through the dark maze of warning lights and hissing coolant pipes, we heard a distant but heavy hum. The hum grew as we approached it. It was not long before my suspicions were correct, we came to the Islands central generator. 
The area around the generator was dark, hot and loud. Most of the hydro equipment was made of metal and anchored or built into the volcanic rock of the Island. Ahead of us was a deep gorge with human architecture throughout multiple scaffoldings built over and amongst the exposed solid rock. I brought the car to a stop at a fenced off edge where we could see down many other levels. The gorge was obviously deeper than sea level and evidence of coral was proof how at one time it was all under the sea. Water droplets fell at random from above. Thin waterfalls cascaded down the steep rocky walls. We needed to get to the other side of the gorge and the only way down was to cross a long narrow metal bridge. The bridge was too narrow for my car. I stepped out of the car and walked a short distance onto the bridge. I held the railings gripping a hand on each one. I leaned forward slightly and bent the metal railings outward.
Gun shots stung the metal rods around me and the roof and hood of my car. Dr. Evon panicked with wide eyes as the sparks of bullet heads sprung up around us. A few brave agents took it upon themselves to deal with us rather than waiting for the soldiers to arrive.
I ducked back into the car and drove us over the railing of the narrow metal bridge. As we crept over the deep gorge, the rails creaked and bent further outwards. Cables snapped at random under the car's overload weight and shot off above us. Metal squealed all the more, before there came a great snap of bolt heads sheering off at the joints. Unstable, the entire support structure jolted downward. I gunned the car forward and just as the entire bridge was disconnecting at both ends, we jumped the car off the severed bridge and fell into the gorge. 
We were all surprised to have landed harshly onto a wide scaffolding at sub-level thirteen, ten stories below. A moment was lost as we collected ourselves. My compact car drove off the scaffolding and entered a new corridor where many more soldiers were taken by surprise. A command was given and they opened fire. I throttled forward through the mob of soldiers. We kept our heads low in the car as bullets shattered glass and shot dangerously close to our heads. The thick metal design of the car protected us, but the soldiers outside found the more they shot the more their bullets were ricocheting back at them. The onslaught of bullets was brief and ended abruptly. The corridor led us to a spacious warehouse facility where military vehicles and loading equipment large and small were kept. We rolled out to the center of the warehouse and took a breath in awe. 
We were out of the frying pan and into the fire.

An eerie silence filled the spacious warehouse as the soldiers surrounded us with their automatic weapons. Freeze!!! Came the shout from the soldier in charge. I looked up and found other soldiers running along the narrow metal catwalk which was suspended midway up the walls and surrounded the entire perimeter. The heavy boots against the metal grate of the catwalk quickly took their positions behind us, we were trapped.
The leader lifted a small com-link radio from his belt and spoke. The volk factor has been secured in sub-level thirteen cargo hold three.
This is Commander Bruno T. Hinton, who is in charge of that sector?
Lieutenant Vincent W. Abernathy, sir. I have assumed control of the situation. The lieutenant spoke strong and with a professional likeness, but there was something rather rehearsed about how he spoke. It was as though he was trying to impress the commander without the certified confidence of a seasoned leader to control the current unfolding scenario. When he was finished speaking, his heated face glistened from anxiety and fear as he waited to hear the response from the commander.
Lieutenant Vincent W. Abernathy was a tall young soldier who was dressed in grey camouflage fatigues. Dawning black shoulder straps and a belt around his waste, Lieutenant Vincent's chest and back were protected with dark grey, bullet protective vest. He had enough stripes to lead his brigade but he lacked the field expertise.
Stalling for a few seconds more than necessary, the commander was trying to figure out how we all ended up on such a low sub-level so quickly. Hold the volk factor in captivity until I arrive to relieve you of command.
And if they attempt to escape, sir? I sensed there was more going on between the lieutenant and the commander than simple operations of command and protocol. There was a lack of trust between the two operatives.
You heard the order, Lieutenant. Just hold them! There was a tone of disbelief for the lieutenants ability in the commanders final comment. 'The lack of confidence in the lieutenants performance may work to our advantage.'
A further observation of the warehouse revealed there were four large loading bay doors. Each door was twenty meters squared. I did not understand how they were to load supplies through doors which were so deep under sea level. 'Perhaps a submarine was used to send and receive cargo.'
The lieutenant in charge didn't tell us to get out of the vehicle. It didn't seem as though he had any plans to deal with us if we were to become uncooperative. I was betting he would loyally and narrow-mindedly follow his orders to just hold us.
My mother, sitting beside me, bumped my knee. I turned my head slowly in her direction. She had my pack sack between her legs. The pack sack was filled with the artifacts of the Ied era. With a subtle movement, Gastonish slipped one of the hickoops out of the bag. She was up to a plan of her own. I opened my hand, palm down and waved for her to put it away. Frowning, I signaled her, now was not the time.
Doctor. I called. Dr. Evon lifted his head and looked at me through the reflection of the rear view mirror. His eyes were tired but still quivered with fear. Whispering, I said, I want to make a deal with you. I want you to speak to the lieutenant. Tell him you're held captive, or try to make a deal for your freedom. Just keep talking and stall them.
Or else? Dr. Evon asked, testing me.
Or else, I will try a more risky form of escape which will likely get us killed considering the ammunition pointed at us.
I'm through arguing with you... I believe we will die either way, He breathed deeply. But I'll do what I can.
Thats better. Do it, now! I urged him.
Dr. Evon put his hand out the broken rear window and said. Please, don't shoot me. I am Dr. Evon, primary military specialty; medic and chief of operations for the Knolix project. I have been taken hostage by these escapees. They will kill me if you do not accept the terms of their proposal.
There will be no proposal. Lieutenant Abernathy said forthright without a twinge of pity or remorse. If you do not remain exactly where you are we will kill you. It is with regret, you must know, the Eddy factor is to be contained at all costs. You are in the middle of something which is much larger than even your primary military specialty. Regulations clearly state how to handle this situation. Besides, the order has been given to shoot to kill. You are expendable, Doctor.
All life drained from Dr. Evons face as he breathed out a whisper of a prayer. I looked down at my steering wheel in thought So, that idea did not work so well. Have to be creative and prepare a plan B. A chime sounded and a light began to blink above one of the large cargo bay doors.
The lieutenant nodded to a nearby infantry man. The infantry man lowered his weapon in response to the lieutenants signal and approached a terminal built into the wall beside the massive door. He hit a few keys and a pulsating buzz was sounded. Yellow rotating warning lights flashed, and the door began to open. Air hissed as it was sucked in. The large door separated at the center, sliding open from the left and right. When the doors were fully open, the pulsating buzz ceased. Inside the door was a huge yellow mechanical beast who occupied the entire expanse of the doorway. The two drivers had wide eyed curious expressions on their faces. The infantry man used two red flags to guide the menacing machine inside. The vehicle was one large complete unit. Most of it was a metal encased cargo bed. It had six large balloon tires and a crane which ran along the top left side of it.
As the hugely modified 830E Haul Truck entered the warehouse, the lieutenant was forced to move us all further left in order to allow the cargo access to clear passage. The lieutenant held his rifle high at his right shoulder and peered at my face through the sights. Back it up! Slowly!!!
I obeyed the order, backing up with very slow steps. Mom, call for Xonox. I whispered, my lips did not move when I spoke. I called for my own sertz to appear. Evon. Dr. Evon looked up in response with sickly eyes. He became more attentive when he saw my sertz come out of my ear. Evon, I want you and Xonox to scream an audio frequency which will be loud and immediate enough to cause pain to the humans ears.
AS YOU WISH, LORD. Evon answered. The vehicle came to a stop when it cleared the doors and was completely within the warehouse. The buzzing alarms began once more as the doors began to loudly slide shut again.
You must comply with Eddys orders, Xonox. Gastonish commanded.
IT WILL BE DONE, ROMULAW. Xonox reassured its master. The two sertz exited out separate windows and faced opposite each other toward the soldiers who were aiming at us. Some soldiers lowered their weapons when they caught sight of the little slow moving robots. A puzzled expression twisted their faces.
You better cover your ears doctor. I warned quietly.
Each sertz had a small metal mouth which opened when they lifted their light bulb eyes. With their tiny metal mouths opened as wide as they could They screamed.
The searing noise vibrated through the frame of the car. All three of us in the car cupped our hands tightly over our ears. My mother and I were more tolerant of the searing noise than everyone else. When I saw the soldiers lower their weapons, I took my hands away from my ears and floored the car toward the closing doors. As we passed through the doors, the two sertz stopped screaming and flew to us with extreme speed.
We found ourselves escaping down an endless corridor. Windows were set high on the walls of the long passageway for the drivers of the huge cargo carrying vehicles who used the passage.
Where are you taking us? asked Dr. Evon.
I'm not sure. This was not on the map. I presume it will lead us to some other undersea establishment or possibly a submarine access. I told him.
After twenty minutes traveling through the tunnel, we were all beginning to feel the anxiety of getting to our destination. Where ever that might be. My grip of the steering wheel did not slacken. My indomitable arms, shoulders and upper chest remained brawny and frozen in vigorous concentration and control. At our velocity, the simplest jerk or twitch of the steering wheel could mean the difference of life and death. We rounded a slight corner and gazed down a further endless journey ahead of us. At an amazing 250 miles per hour, the tunnel ahead seemed to stretch out just as quickly as we covered it.
This is not going to take us to a submarine, Eddy. Dr. Evon said.
Your right, if we don't end up at the mainland, we may just end up at another Island. I suggested.
Eddy, this passage will not lead us to the safe outcome you are hoping for. Right now, the military is preparing an ambush that will not capture us, but destroy us. This is the road to our death. Dr. Evon was noticeably nervous and would not have said anything to me if he did not truly fear for his own life.
Gastonish seemed to have gone to sleep and I did not mind until I noticed she was shaking. Doctor, check on my mother, she's shivering. Could you treat her for shock?
Of course, Eddy. Dr. Evon climbed up between the two front seats and checked my mothers pulse. He examined her eyes and put his hand to her forehead. The more he checked her over, the more he seemed to worry.
Dr. Evon narrowed his eyes. Eddy, this is bad.
How bad?
Swallowing hard, Dr. Evon looked at me with worrisome eyes. Very bad.
I slammed on the breaks leaving two trails of thick black rubber skid marks in our path. I bolted from my side of the car and quickly made my way around to my mother. Dr. Evon crawled into the drivers seat. I opened the door and reclined my mothers seat slowly.
Dr. Evon looked at me with a new intensity of concern burning in his eyes I hadn't seen before. Eddy, I don't know what you expect me to do but my resources are extremely limited.
The female voice spoke out again over the intercom. Confirmed, the volk factor has stopped in the culvert of two seventy four hundredth corridor - D. A spit of static ended the transmission.
I understand Doctor. What is it you need? At the moment I asked the question, a depthly metallic 'ping' rung through the walls. I brought my head up immediately, associating the sound with a sonar ping of a submarine. I looked up at the windows. Jumping away from the car, I leaped up onto the hood then to the roof where I sprang to the high windows. My finger tips caught the ledge of the window sill and I hoisted myself up high enough to peer out into the darkness of the sea.
Another ping sounded and echoed throughout the corridor but I still could not see anything though the dark ocean depths. Our culvert section was quickly sealed at both ends by heavy sliding doors which rose up from the floor. We were trapped. I swung around and squinted to see out the window on the wall at the other side of the corridor. There was nothing visible in the void of darkness.
Captain J. Chan, your new orders are to implode the tunnel. Lock torpedoes on the culvert of the two seventy four hundredth corridor - D and fire at will.
Completely in control of his submarine Aquatica, Captain J. Chan was a brawny and short Asian who had a reputation for following orders to the letter. The captain was always in uniform and he wore it with confidence and pride. It is not easy to be everywhere at once but for Captain J. Chan, he had a talent for being in the right place at the right time. He could do this by knowing his vessel, his crew and to have a nack for anticipating what is going to happen next well before it happened.
Copy control, torpedoes will be locked once we have established a visual. Responded Captain J. Chan of the submarine. Aquatica out!
I released my grip and dropped down to the ground. I hustled back to my mothers side. Dr. Evon, I hope you have an idea for getting out of here, because I am fresh out. I tried to make light of the situation.
Of course you are fresh out of ideas, we are facing a no win situation . . .
No! I can't accept that. I believe there is a solution to every problem.
Never the less, you are facing one now! We are trapped under the weight of the sea. A military submarine is about to fire torpedoes at us and your mother is dying. I can't be sure how much longer she will survive. There is nothing we can do.
I looked down at my mother. She seemed so weak and fragile. I held her hand gently as though it was a wounded bird. She turned her head to me slightly and opened her red rimmed eye lids. She breathed out a sickly breath, before she began to speak wearily. Eddy... the only way out... is to create a large bubble of energy... It will save us.
Dr. Evon frowned with an expression of disbelief. Eddy, listen to her, shes losing it. What was she talking about, bubbles?
Apparently so, doctor. A bubble of energy. I leaned in toward my mother. What is it you are trying to tell us?
Use... the two hickoops... Attach one... to the front end and... one to the back end... We will tell our sertz... to merge the hickoop current... She coughed. The double sized hickoop... will encase your entire car with us in it and... you will navigate it from within.
I took the two hickoop disks out of the pack sack and glanced at Dr. Evon. A smug smile of disbelief crawled over his face. He had given up.
Evon, open my disk. In response to my command, the little sertz darted out of my ear and flew in an arc to the hickoop. At the center of the light blue disk, a small round portal coiled opened and a blade of light shot out six inches. Evon sank into the hickoop spear of light and the opening coiled shut behind it. The disk opened like a clam shell before one con-caved cup extended outward along a thin metal rod and inverted. Two foot pedals extended below it.
Xonox... open my... hickoop... My mother spoke between breaths.
Xonox jetted out of my mothers ear and flew into the hickoop in my other hand. The opening of light coiled shut as-well and the light pink hickoop transformed. It took the same shape as the hickoop I held in my other hand.
Evon, I need to use the lintin to hold the hickoops to the car. My rate of speech accelerated, but I knew Evon could keep up.
Evon shot out of the portal at the center of the forward disk. DESIGN AND DIMENSIONS REQUIRED FOR HICKOOP FITTING. Time was running out. I wished I could telepathically communicate with Evon.
Just make the metal of the car's frame hold the hickoops like this. I clutched the hickoop at both sides with my hands, hoping the crude example was sufficient. Be sure the structures integrity remains strong.
I ran around to the rear of the car and, with Evons help, used my lintin to mold a portion of the metal frame of the car around the hickoop. The metal of my cars bumper branched out in shapes of fingers, which mimicked my own, and grasped the hickoop in a solid hold. As I stood to run toward the front of the car I noticed Dr. Evon squinting up at the window of the corridor. I turned to see what he was looking at. A mechanical voice blustered out and filled the compartment.
Control? I have confirmation. Firing torpedoes.
Looking up at the windows I could see the running lights of the submarine come into view from the distance. Get in the car! I yelled to Dr. Evon. I belly flopped onto the hood of the car and slid to the bumper. Doctor! I placed the hickoop under the front-end and flared the lintin to life. Get into the car!--Now!!!
Dr. Evon saw the flash of the torpedo tubes launching their first missile. They've fired! Dr. Evon shouted with his eyes wide with fear and he darted to the car. 
An explosion of fire and water broke the thick metal housing of the corridor. The combination of deep sea water pressure exchanging with a small space of air pressure was a fierce force. Thunderously, the ocean pushed its way in, within a mere second or two. The explosion was loud and like-wise, the sound of the sea flooding in was like the roar and pounding of a great beast. All air vanished from the tunnel and we were tossed around violently. Everything was muffled and silent. Like a relentless beast, the monster wave entered and devoured us whole.
Just before Evon re-entered the hickoop, the double sized energy bubble lit up like a light bulb. The energy bubble hissed and burned at the behemoth of sea water. My six wheeled car was lifted off the floor as the sea muscled in on us. We were pushed about, tumbling like an ice cube stirred in a drink. However, within the hickoop Dr. Evon cowered with his body tightened and curled up. His eyes squeezed shut as the sound of water rushing in thundered around him. He found he was not wet, nor was he thrown around by the power of the wave. We were all safe from the momentum because the joining of the hickoop bubble provided our own stable gravity. We were protected.
Most of the hickoops energy capsule, which surrounded us, was purple except for the pink area directly behind us and the blue area directly in front of us.
I was laying flat out over the red hood of the car trying to navigate the hickoop. With my toes looped into the open side windows, I held the handle grips of the front-end mounted hickoop disk. Once the compartment was entirely engulfed with sea water, I was able to regain control. It was difficult to see because the water bubbled and boiled at contact with the hickoop's energy sphere. We were able to move through the water swiftly. Turning us around I headed out through the large red hot rimmed breach of the corridor. I took us up quickly, before the submarine could get a lock and fire at us again. From inside the double sized hickoop, the sea continued to hiss against the barrier of the surrounding hickoop energy field. This created steam, and the steam was quickly filling the interior of the hickoop. Dr. Evon found it difficult to breathe the thick salty air. The cars hickoop energy capsule bubbled and hissed its way right out from the oceans surface and into the air.
With no way of knowing if we were still in danger because the blinding steam and the glowing hickoop energy field, I continue our ascent for a while. Gastonish's hickoop vehicle idea worked great. It carried my car and us passengers high into the clouds. I chuckled at how dream-like it was for my car to now be flying through the sky. Keeping our flight above the clouds, because they offered the perfect cover, I turned off the hickoop bubble of energy and let the car free fall. The wind blew the steam away instantly. From about two thousand feet above sea level, I glanced around to see any air crafts but noticed no hostile activity.
With a steel grip I remained sprawled over the hood of the car. With a flick of my thumb, I snapped the hickoop bubble of energy back on. The energy bubble reformed in a sound of a hiccup.
Eddy, look at your mother. I don't think she's breathing. The doctor was sincerely worried for my mothers well-being. Her pulse is very weak.
Far below us I saw a gigantic vessel sluggishly making its way across the oceans surface. I navigated us into a dive and plummeted toward the great freighter. As we neared the ship I saw the name Mayodo written near the bow of the vessel. A 900 foot super-tanker fully loaded with 300,000 tons of petroleum and it was heading in the direction of the mainland. Evon, take us to the deck of this ship and bring us to a comfortable landing. I commanded Evon who continued to navigate us. The bubble of energy protected us as we streaked toward the great fuel tanker like a comet. I climbed back into the car through the broken windshield. As I partnered with Dr. Evon using assisted breathing to bring my mother back to consciousness, Evon landed us softly on the deck at the center of the ship. Upon our arrival the crew was quickly alerted with sirens as they witnessed the quick decent of our brilliant glowing energy capsule.
My efforts were rewarded. With a cough, Gastonish came back to me. E...ddy... speaking in a dry wispy effort. I have to go now... Opening her heavy eyes slowly, Gastonish set her gaze upon my face.
No mom, stay with me just a little longer, we are so close. We'll be home soon and volks will take care of you. her life never ceasing to bleed away from her wound. So much blood. Still I had faith. I denied myself the reality of losing her.
I am sorry... My son... Gastonish was the strongest person in my life. I looked up to her and gained strength from her. Now, she desperately needed help. Thin, weak and holding onto life by a thin thread which seemed to be dissolving before my eyes. Are you aware... of how proud I am... of you? You must be... the most perfect volk... I have ever known... in my life. You're so much... like your father. You must go on... Eddy... I love you A tear slowly moved from her eye and crept down her cheek.
The crew of the Mayodo thought a UFO had landed and the occupants were of some alien race. Dr. Evon opened the door of the car and shouted to the crew members who were holding red fire extinguishers, Give us room here we have a wounded lady with us. I stepped out of the car from the other side and stood up straight. We were surrounded by thousands of crew members of the fuel tanker. Our presence had made quite an impression. When the eyes of the crew fixed on me they did indeed step back from us. I reached back into the car and took hold of my mother just under her arms. Pulling her out of the car, I placed her gently on the deck. Her breath slipped away and her pulse slowed to a stop. A jolt of anguish shot through my body and hit my heart. I moved to start CPR again. Dr. Evon appeared from around the car and pushed me out of the way. Move back, I dont want you to hurt her.
I took a step back, knowing he was the doctor and he was concerned my size and strength might hurt my mother if I were to attempt some chest compressions. When I sniffed and wiped my nose, I happened to glance up at the people around us. They were grumbling amongst themselves with surprise and wonderment in their eyes. The last comment Dr. Evon uttered must have made the ship mates think I was dangerous and perhaps they also suspected I was the reason why Gastonish was so close to death. 
I caught sight of Xonox as it appeared above my mothers head. My breath drew still. The crew of the ship became confident and courageous as they stepped forward, possibly to attack me. I ignored them as they were the least of my concern. Dr. Evon was still busy doing his best to save my mother, yet she was dying despite the combined efforts from The doctor, the glowing circuit suit and Xonox. My eyes widened in shock and my hands trembled. A crew man swung a large pipe wrench and struck my back. I bit back the pain and back handed the man like a pesky fly. The man and his pipe wrench fluttered in the air before colliding to the deck with a clatter. Dr. Evon was exhausted and shifted his gaze to the people for a moment as he stopped the chest compressions. Part of my focus remained on Xonox.
The other crew members became very agitated when they saw the fall of one of their own. I bent forward to put my hand on Dr. Evons shoulder in support of his efforts, but the surrounding crowd started yelling and rushing at me like a great wave. They must have thought I was going to hurt the doctor. The crowd began punching and kicking at me. Grabbing onto my neck and arms they tried to wrestle me to the ground. I managed to slip through and roll out of the crowd before I climbed into my car. Careful and alert, I did everything I could not to hurt any of the deck hands. The crowd was after me but they did not seem at all interested in interfering with Gastonish or Dr. Evon. They would not interfere as long as the doctor cared for her. I figured putting some distance between the doctor and I would also keep the crowd from bothering them further.
Using telepathic suggestions of fear, I caused the crew to keep their distance and in many cases to run for their lives. I lurched the car forward and the men in my path began to move out of my way. I drove across the deck and as I turned to ease along the rails, men jumped over the side who would otherwise be caught in a pinch. Any crew member who looked at my eyes were seized with fear. I side swiped many of the vessels crew as each one went over the side. Those who jumped ship were thrown inflatable rubber life rafts.
From a distance I noticed Dr. Evon continuing his attempt of bringing my mother back to life. 'If only she could stay alive long enough for me to get her to the Ied era, she could be helped.'
The crew of the fuel tanker came to realize I was too dangerous to try to capture by hand so they backed off. I gunned my car across the deck back to where Dr. Evon knelt next to my mother. I stopped my car next to them and as I opened my door, I heard the sound of a hand pistol discharge. There I saw on the forward balcony of the towers bridge, a man, none other than the captain. He fired a shot into the air.
A voice broke out from loud speakers. Trespassers of the Mayodo, surrender at once or we will be forced to destroy you. The captain clearly lowered his pistol from its skyward shot. He fixed his sights on us pointing his gun down and zeroing in on me. A bridge officer at either side of the captain held rifles. The two men raised their rifles and took aim upon us as well. Dr. Evon and I raised our hands to surrender.
Very good! came the voice over the loud intercom once more. We will have security come and bind your hands behind your backs. Any attempt to act uncooperative will be met with severe punishment or death.
Security of some sort was supposed to approach us but they certainly took their time. Evon! I called quietly but sternly. My sertz appeared. When a sertz appears, does it mean its master is dead? I asked this question because of the strange way Xonox came to Gastonish.
MY LORD, A SERTZ WILL APPEAR TO DEACTIVATE ALONG WITH ITS' MASTER WHEN ALL LIFE FUNCTIONS OF THE MASTERS BODY HAS DISCONTINUED. Evon explained.
Dr. Evon and I stood up and stepped back as we watched Xonox land onto Gastonishs chest and deactivate. 
Eddy, Dr. Evon tried not to move his lips as he spoke low, You must believe me when I tell you I have done everything I could to bring her back. The doctor's voice cracked as though he was about to cry. Did he love her? I wondered. I felt his fear that I would do something to hurt him. All I wanted was the best for you and your mother. You know that, don't you? Many of the curious crew stood at quite a distance yet they continued to get an eyeful of what was going on. Beyond them I caught a glimpse of a small security crew of five men. They carried shackles of some sort.
I hung my head low and breathed a grievous breath of remorse. I know, in your own way, you are trustworthy, Dr. Evon. My mother has died. The words choked my throat. But you can live. Get into my car, quickly, and I will take you with me.
I am a fugitive, like you now. Dr. Evon warned. I could be charged with conspiracy and the punishment for betrayal is death. You are much more important to the government than I am. As far as the Island officials are concerned, it is my fault you had the opportunity to escape the Island. You were my responsibility. I made you my responsibility. No simple task, I assure you. Great deceptions and costly pay-offs brought me to this position and now its all going to hell. One big head-ache to get the proper authorization for you to live within a natural stable environment under my supervision. All because you are an authentic volk. However, my efforts to allow you to live so comfortably, may be interpreted as an excuse to delay an extensive study. At any rate, I am expendable because you are so damn important. If I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't change a thing The tension released from the doctor's eyes and he looked at me and smiled. It was all worth it. 
None of that matters anymore. I told Dr. Evon. Your main concern now is to survive. So get in the car and Ill get us out of here. but he would not get up off his knees. Obviously he was not in any rush to get moving. I, on the other hand, wanted to get away from the fuel tanker as soon as possible. The longer we stayed on the super-tanker the sooner the military forces would track us.
A squadron of five F-35 Joint Strike Fighter jets flew past us over-head. We have been discovered doctor. Time is pressing short. Now get in the car.
Dr. Evon closed Gastonish's eyes with his hand and wiped a tear from his cheek with his other hand. He lifted my mothers head to his lap. No. He said flatly, looking down at my mothers face with care. I am not leaving. I will not run any longer. Dr. Evon turned and looked up at me. His decision was made. Its over, Eddy, time to give up the chase and Surrender.
Look, we still have the advantage. I told him. We can seize control of this ship. The closer we get to the mainland the safer we will be. The military would not dare to fire upon us and risk igniting the cargo.
Theyve cut the engines, Eddy. We have no choice but to wait for our capture. Dr. Evon explained. One way or another, I will soon share in your mother's fate.
I called to my sertz Evon. My sertz appeared promptly and I instructed it to remove the homing device from my back tooth and ensure that no damage came to the device. At the moment Evon had done so, I told it to attach the homing device to the nearest F-35 air-craft. Evon flew off leaving a thin ghostly red streak trailing behind it from the lights of its eyes. The small convoy of jets circled around for a second fly by. Evon attached the homing device to the under belly of the lead jet.
Meanwhile, Dr. Evon curiously lifted Gastonishs inoperable sertz from off her chest and examined it. Heavy footsteps came from behind us as the security finally showed up. I took a step back with my hands held high to surrender. The security officers helped the doctor to his feet and he casually but discretely dropped Xonox into the pocket of his lab coat. My mothers lifeless body no longer drew any breath. Her head was tilted back and her mouth was open wide and my heart yearned to position her into a more peaceful rest.
Security officers bound the doctors wrists behind him.
Chapter 12

Evon returned and anchored itself within my ear to tell me its mission was completed. I instructed Evon as I spoke to it very fast. Take the tracking device from my mothers tooth, quickly. Evon instantly removed the homing device from my mothers tooth as well.
Unable to fit the hand cuffs around my wrists, I told the security officers. Dont worry about it. You have my co-operation. I quickly instructed Evon to attach the other homing device to another jet. My instructions flew from my lips faster than I ever said anything before. The security officers looked at me with a coy inquisitive expressions, but Evon understood and immediately set out to attach the device to the other air craft. It was not long before I could hear the effects of my subtle actions. By attaching the homing devices to the jet fighters, the pilots found their targets became themselves. According to the tracking equipment, Gastonish and I were within two of the air force jet fighters. The confused F-35s behaved like mad hornets as their new targets became two of their own crafts.
I had no time to observe the air assault. A loud plume of fire exploded like thunder across the sky. Just as Evon returned to my ear I saw a flash which came across a cloud. Fire streaked through the sky over-head. The lead jet had been hit and burned a scar through the sky as it plummeted. Reacting to the explosions, everyone on the deck of the super tanker lifted their arms and crouched low to protect themselves. Fire stretched from heaven to the oceans surface. Chaos was in the wind. The revenge did not satisfy my grief as I hoped it would, I asked Evon to relieve me of my pain. Instantly, my heavy heart felt light, and I could concentrate on what I had to do next. Everyone else around me seemed to be in shock. The convoy changed direction and passed over us. As they did so, the four remaining F-35s shot another one of their own out of the sky. The jet blazed into a fiery web. Everyone on the deck of the ship scrambled in panic. Many people ducked down low but most fell on their bellies. I slid onto the hood of my car and activated the frontal hickoop, while Evon moved around to the rear of the car and activated the hickoop there.
I glanced back at my mother laying on the deck and saw Dr. Evon there as well. He too was laying face down with his hands bound at his back. Fear and panic widened his eyes. I turned off the hickoop to go back for him as fire began to rain down around us. I lifted my eyes and beheld the sight of the flaming frame and engine of the jet as it crashed into the aft deck of the super tanker. The entire structure of the vessel was riveted by the impact. The flaming wreckage caused more random shards of flaming metal to litter the deck. I lifted Dr. Evon and said. Come on! Last chance! 
The doctor jerked himself free from me and took a step back. This is the end for me, Eddy. he sat down at my mothers lifeless side. And you!
The fire from the crashed jet managed to burn through the double layered deck igniting the cargo. I was amazed at the selfless strength within the doctor. He truly dedicated his life to my mother more so than to me. 
Still I could not find the same attributes within me. I was a survivor. Even when I was up against such merciless humans who would stop at nothing to ensure I was destroyed.
Let them try. I challenged them.
Diving back onto the hood of my car, I started the hickoop bubble of energy.

The blast swept over me and surrounded the energy bubble of my car. I felt like I was in the heart of hell. Light and heat lifted my car and threw me twenty-five miles in the direction of the mainland. Everything I left behind was incinerated. The moment I tried to take control, I noticed arcing bolts of electricity snapping and surging over the surface of the hickoop energy bubble. Evon! Whats wrong?!
THE BLAST HAS DAMAGED THE HICKOOPS, MASTER. Evon answered with a tone of distress in its voice.
Can it be repaired?
NO, MY LORD.
I can see Metro city from here. We're so close, we have to make it. The energy of the hickoops died out like the flick of a switch. Despite the air turbulence, I managed to pull myself back into the car through the open windshield. Strapping myself down in the front seat, I gripped the steering wheel for all it was worth. The hull of the car was hot and the paint had blistered and burned off. Still air bound and traveling from the blast at an altitude of two thousand feet, the car began to pitch uncontrollably. The mainland was still a few miles from me the blast managed to toss me with great power and speed. Like a stone skipping along the surface of the sea, so my car bucked and vaulted as I bound toward Metro City. With each contact with the sea, the car slowed.
All I could do was ride it out. I wrestled with the steering wheel just short of tearing it out. The car stopped suddenly with a great spray of water as the hood dug into the water's surface. The heavy battered frame of the car sank like a rock. Sea water rushed into the car from under the dash board. I had trouble pushing the doors open, before I realized the car was still humming. The tires touched down on the sandy surface and I could see the ocean was quite shallow. I tried the accelerator and to my amazement the car drove forward for me. I pushed the car to full speed. As I moved through the water with my cheeks full of my last breath, I squinted my eyes to see the surface of the water come closer to the roof of my car. Finally, I drove right up onto the beach where I exhaled with the relief of breathing again. The hot metal of the car exhaust bellowed clouds of steam. The car coughed and sputtered as it gasped for more air to feed the engine. I pulled a valve from where I sat to drain it quickly. I had to slow down to be sure I would not drive over any unsuspecting sunbathers.
I drove right up next to a small boy who was building a sand castle. I stopped the car and opened my door. Water came out like a tidal wave and the little boys castle was washed out flat. The boy looked up at me with wide eyes. Sorry. I told him. He opened his mouth wide and cried.
The parents were running to their little boy when I spun my tires. Sand flew out behind my car and I was gone in a flash.
From the beach, I drove up onto the main drag and tried to blend in with the other vehicles. I drove with the other vehicles at their meandering pace to allow myself a moment to reflect on all which happened and grieve the death of my mother. Driving along the oceans shore, I was too distracted. I was constantly looking out to the horizon at the little patch of black smoke which was growing there. My mother was dead. Dr. Evon, Xonox and my mothers circuit designed suit were also lost to the massive explosion of the fully loaded fuel tanker. Finally, I turned off and headed into the city.

I stuck out like a spot-light at midnight, and now, exposed in the bright evening sun was no place for a volk in the life of a bristling city. I was a foreigner in a strange land. The regular day-to-day activities were no place for the likes of my kind. Destiny arrived. Unavoidably, I was to make an impression. I wanted to find a dark hole to crawl into and hide, but no such places were available to me. I drove around the streets aimlessly until finally traffic came to a dead halt just outside one of the great sky-scrapers.
It did not matter if I was wearing human clothes or volk clothes, the people were staring and they would continue to stare. I reclined my seat to give just a little added room for myself to move. I stripped down to my underwear and gathered my belongings from the back seat of my car. Beside me a truck was also stopped in the congestion of city traffic. A lady glanced out her window and did a double take when she noticed I was changing. Oh, my, Fred youve got to see this! I gave them a coy look of annoyance and decided to ignore them. First I attached the Romstrunn to my forearm and activated the energy-gel suit. When I was covered with the blue glowing gel from neck to toe, I put on my fathers boots. Next, I slid the lintin onto my wrist and fit my hickoop disk onto my abdomen.
A distant muffled thumping beat in the sky echoed with an even rhythm. The sound grew louder like an approaching helicopter. I was right. A heavily armed AH-64 Apache strike helicopter lazily came around the corner and fixed its sights on me. I was stuck in the middle of the road with vehicles blocking me from all angles, I stepped out and slammed the door behind me. Almost instantly, inquisitive humans began to scatter from me. The surrounding humans were somewhat annoying, but I felt safe in knowing the helicopter wouldn't attack me or risk the safety of the innocent humans. The helicopter launched a Hellfire missile and blew up my car. 
So maybe up holding public safety wasnt number one on their To Do List. Other vehicles were also tossed into the air by the massive explosion. Hellfire missiles are designed to destroy armored tanks.
Many innocent people must have died and many more injured. The specially designed motor which powered my car was obliterated along with the two damaged hickoop disks which were attached to it. 
I, along with many other people, who were thrown from the blast, landed on the sidewalk face down. The people who were tossed out onto the walkway around me, were not moving. Most of the other humans were running in a panic to get out of the dangerous area, while others stopped on the streets screaming and shouting at me from their cars and honking their horns. I needed a place to hide. I stood up and approached the entrance of the esteemed five star Rosetta hotel just as people were crowding around the door from outside and within. 
I picked up a public mailbox and it tore away from the bolts which anchored it to the side walk. Quickly I turned and threw the mailbox at the helicopter. The mailbox was tagged by the rotor and mail exploded out over the street below. The helicopter jostled around a little in the air as though it was about to lose control, before it turned and flew away in a tactical retreat.  
I turned back to the people who were blocking the door. They were scared but tried to stick together and intimidate me not to enter, but I was desperate. I waved my hands out at the pesky humans to leave me alone.
Go home, people. Shoo. My efforts were not successful until I tried a little harder. Scram! Get lost!!! Most of the women ran away screaming and a few brave men tried to hurt me with futile punches.
Patiently, I ignored the confused few who hit me and cursed at me, but most of the citizens took heed to my command. Inside the building, there were others, mainly of the younger persuasion, who, at fist, stared at me with wide eyes and were not sure if they should take me seriously. The glowing gel suit was enough to distract people. Brushing the people to the side like branches that have grown over a path, I continued to walk through the lobby and up some stairs of the building. I pushed a double door open and entered the smoke filled room of the bar. The people were already aware something was happening. They crowded near the window over-looking the chaos and after math of the explosion. The doors slammed shut behind me and the people turned around. I met the eyes of the people within as they stopped what they were doing and locked onto my presence. Realizing I was roaming my surroundings without any fore-thought of what I needed to do, I began to regret my decision of entering the hotel. A bartender lifted a telephone receiver to his ear. I knew, if I was going to find a good hide out or even just a peaceful place to think, I would need to escape the eyes of humans.
I turned around and found a horde of curious humans blocking the entrance as they raced to get out through the door. Get out of my way. I told them, but they just stopped and looked back at me with dumb-founded expressions which glowed a soft blue in the intensity of my suits brightness. I decided to use my suit and disappear from human sight. The people drew in a breath as I vanished before their eyes. Move!!! With my force driven command, both verbally and telepathically, the people scattered in all directions to get out of the room.
The dingy bar was all to myself. I went to the window and slid it open and began to carefully observe my surroundings. The strike helicopter was nowhere to be seen. The bar was situated at the base of an enormous building at the corner of a five-way intersection. Across from me was central park and over central park traveled a sky-tram.
With the ability to float, I leaped from the window and rose up over the heads of the on-lookers. I travelled down the street slowly for a short distance, before I pulled my course upwards and rose into the sky.

Meanwhile, a strong sea breeze blew to the shore and messed Sally Copplers hair. Amidst the group of government agents who were escorting her from the Mi-17 helicopter landing pad, she stopped. Looking back across the ocean to the horizon, knowing somewhere out there was the secret Island of Knolix, she felt a chill run down her spine.
Keep moving Ms. Coppler. One of the tall agents said to her coldly.
Sally smiled back and said, I guess I still feel like Eddy is out there... Watching me.
If you are referring to the Eddy factor, I assure you he has been dealt with certifiably. This conversation ends now. Remember, you have been sworn to secrecy. Your experiences on the Island project are now a forbidden topic. Now, before it is necessary for us to use force, move! We are on a very tight schedule.
The group started off once more toward the airports south-end facility. When they were half way to their destination, I caught sight of them. With just a thought, I became visible and fell out of the air, landing on my feet with a tremendous impact. The agents swiftly drew their weapons but before they could get a shot off, I swatted them to the ground with a wide sweep of my arm. Sally screamed and I lifted her over my shoulder.
Do you realize what kind of power you're dealing with? One of the fallen agents said. You wont be able to keep running forever! When we catch you, we will destroy you.
I turned back and sharpened my eyes upon the man. My only crime is I am different. This whole situation is like cat and mouse... Lets play. I turned away once more and leapt into the sky.
I took Sally to the top of the tallest building of Metro city. She screamed the entire way up. The building was owned and operated by a big-shot radio broadcast station, WPCX. At the top of the skyscraper was a tall antenna surrounded by many smaller antennas along with one large satellite dish surrounded by many smaller dishes.
Once I landed on the building top, I noticed just how scared Sally was at our height. A strong wind current yanked at Sally and she wavered with a small struggle to remain in control of her balance. A brief moment passed when as look of fear twitched in her eyes. I reached out and took hold of the shoulder of her jacket.
I don't know how to say this, but I can't help thinking about your actions back at the Island. I said to her.
So whats the big mystery? Sally was so smug and full of herself, I wondered if there was any room in life for me at all. I thought you were a smart guy... Volk, or whatever. Can't you figure it out?
You had me believing it was you and me against them. You suddenly up and ran to the enemy. I need to know how it was possible. What hold do they have on you?
Money for starters. A new identity and freedom from being cooped up on that stupid Island. I hated it there. I would have done anything just to get away for a day.
Youre playing right into their hands, don't you see that? I tried to explain. Once you have given them what they want, you will not get a thing, simply because you know too much. Come on, some of those feelings we shared must have been real. Come with me, I know we can be happy together.
How can you trust me still, Eddy. Things will never be like they were. You will always wonder if I am going to betray you again, and I can't promise I won't.
I was thrown by her remark. As though a giant sledge hammer fell from the sky and crushed me. She was right, I was so thick headed and naive, we would never have the relationship I felt we deserved, so why did I still want her?
What kind of life could we build together anyway? Sally not only spoke to me with great disrespect, she treated me like a child in training.
Foolishly, I answered. I wanted to take you with me to my home world.
Are there many others like you there?
They are all like me there.
And what kind of life would there be for me there?
She sure knew how to strike up a heated conversation. At a subconscious level, I always knew we could never truly be together, however, I always convince myself there was a way. You're right. I suppose I wanted to share my life with you so much, I filled my mind with unrealistic plans. I did not mean to trouble you. Let me take you back.
No. Sally retorted. If it means I have to take another trip with you like the last one, I'd rather find a new way down, thank you.
Fine, I'll lay you over my shoulder and you close your eyes and count to five. When you open your eyes again you won't ever see me again.
Sally agreed to this, obviously anxious to get back to a normal life. But first, I want to give you something. Sally looked at me with a peculiar stare. This was my friends bible. His name was Hal and he gave this to me before he died. If your government catches me, then return the bible to me. If they do not catch me, I want you to keep it. She rolled her eyes and took a deep breath. Holding out her hand, Sally received the Bible. After I gave it to her, I lifted her up and she leaned over my shoulder plate. Are your eyes closed? I asked Sally though I suspected she would not actually do so.
Uh-yup. Sally answered with a chill running through her.
I was saddened by the bitter end our relationship eroded to in such a short time, but the knowledge sally did not feel the same loss made everything seem easier and harder at the same time. Start counting. I told her.
I heard a rumble from the other side of Metro city. Dark smoke rose into the air and I was curious what the human populace was up to. Whatever it was it didnt concern me.
I walked over to the edge and stepped off just as she said, One. Sally screamed all the way down. We dropped like a rock but the landing was lighter than a feather. Sally was trembling in fear with her eyes closed tight, tears running up and down her cheeks. I set her down as the human citizens began scattering once again at my appearance. My suit surged with power and I quickly ascended once more. 

WPCX was a quiet place for me to spend a moment alone with my thoughts. I sat for a long minute trying to push aside my feelings and focus on the problem at hand. Beyond the sound of wind whistling through the antennas, I heard music being played softly. I walked toward the sound of music and found a small radio speaker. I hoped a song could carry me away to a better place, if only for a moment, but the song was cut short when a news reporter began to give an up-date on the strange sightings people had.
The last sighting of the large grey skinned creature was just outside our studio here at WPCX. Spoke the female reporter's voice over the radio. It was wearing clothing of pure energy and it left a host, or abductee, who is under our care as we speak. She is a young lady about fifteen or sixteen years old and it appears she has been traumatized by the creature. The police should be arriving shortly. I will keep you updated as the events turn. So far, the young lady has not said a word and I have been told not to ask her anymore questions. Just get yourselves prepared people. Last I heard, the mayor was going to have the entire Metro city area evacuated including Liberty town, Burbanks and the West Keys, as a precaution. Evidently, until this creature is contained or killed there are further possibilities this threat may endanger the lives of the innocent.
Orchestrated music grew behind the words of the broadcaster. The melody was dark and sinister as it grew with a raw anticipation like one might hear in a commercial add for a theatrical movie trailer. A soft and elusive female recording announced, Youre listening to WPCX, Your dependable radio station for to the minute news updates.
The deeper voice of the male broadcaster returned. Could this be our first real contact with a life form unlike our own? Perhaps it is as Dr. Steenberg wrote in his latest book, The Bigfoot of Our Generation. Maybe we have found the elusive hairless subspecies of Bigfoot and he has wondered into Metro city. However, the sightings we hear of indicate it is clothed in a strange energy. Is this creature from space or is it a government secret which accidentally surfaced? Could this be related to the other violent occurrences with the Blackguard which have been reported throughout Metro city in the past couple of days?
The Blackguard? The name grabbed my attention right away, and the fact the reporter associated the Blackguard with my appearances. Could it be possible the Blackguard is a volk, like me?
The broadcast continued. I am looking out our studio window at the chaos on the streets below. It is a madhouse down there. Hold on! This just in! As we speak, the Blackguard is starting a riot in the west end at the corner of Oak ridge and fifty-sixth within Liberty town. A double riot! Can you believe it? 
Nine Oclock and the Blackguard is showing no signs of slowing down. I would love to ask him some questions, but chances are when all of this is over there wont be anything remotely recognizable left of him. The reporter seemed somewhat distracted for a moment. Where did he come from and what does he want? History, no doubt, is being made here today. The Blackguard is a terrorist who will be remembered for generations to come. This is June Anderson of WPCX news reporting live. Thank you, and have a pleasant evening.
I heard enough. There was only one way to satisfy my curiosity. I left the building top to investigate.

My outfit of energy gel covered my body entirely. The energy manipulated light just as I wanted it to, before it created an exterior field imbalance which affected visual perception of my form, thus I was invisible. From my height, as I floated over the commotion on the ground, the sound of the events could be heard clearly. I heard the rapid fire of a machine gun and more yelling from around the corner of a tall tower which took me to Oak-ridge. Fifty-sixth was not far. My energy gel suit pulsated with a surge of light. Perhaps the origin of my suits light was not seen but as the evening grew darker I was sure people would wonder where the strange blue highlights of the surrounding buildings came from.
Cautiously, I descended from above and floated over the rioters heads. The people were huddled in a circle in the middle of the road. Whatever was in the middle was very important because the people were jumping on top of one another with tools and sticks in order to hit whatever or whoever it was. They were so set on attacking the man at the center of the crowd, they paid little attention to the police officers who were trying to break up the crowd with clubs. Above the crowd I saw exactly who the people were so angry at.
The crowd was hitting a man dressed in a black armored gladiator outfit. The man was about six feet tall and two men wide. With an impossibly massive body, the man fought the angry crowd. This was the Blackguard with obvious human features including fair skin and no bony volk plates. He could quite possibly be the missing link between human and volk. I would have believed it too, if I did not already know volks were an entirely separate species.
Agile, and able to move his muscle toned power housed body with ease, he fended off the clumsy humans. He wore a gun metal gladiator helmet and large metal shoulder pads. I felt compelled to do something about the fighting. It was unfair. A crowd of one hundred men or more against one. The odds were not in the Blackguard's favor but there was really no reason for me to get involved. The Blackguard was on an overpowering rampage and maybe he was a criminal and deserved it. As I peeked into the mind of the Blackguard, I saw something familiar which surprised me.
Fast and in his physical prime, for his age, but there was something wrong with the Blackguard. He was far too muscular. Not even the finest body builders packed this much beef, of course he was not quite as big as me, but the Blackguard was far too big for a human. I wondered if he had some problems with steroid usage or something. As I watched him fight, it was obvious the Blackguard had been specially trained. The Blackguard was not just big, he was very fast and strong too.
He wore black gloves with spiked brass knuckles and metal forearm gauntlets with six double layered razors along its edge, also a long pointed metal blade protruded out from the bottom ends of his gauntlets and passed his elbows. To protect his elbow from the metal spikes the Blackguard wore elbow pads, with many little sharp studs covering the surfaces.
Swinging his heavy arms about, the Blackguard threw punched which launched people off their feet and shattered noses. It took less than a second for him to tap a punk rocker's shoulder causing him to collapse to the ground helplessly. The crowd did not move the raging warrior from his place. Courageously the Blackguard stood up to the opposing multitude.
I did not know what to do. I was not a fighter, not like him, not like that. This kind of evil, I never dreamed of. How could the Blackguard be so violent and so young. Every muscle in his arms would tighten up with the potential of an industrial spring, before it lashed out. I saw the Blackguard grab a mans arm as it swung to hit him with a pipe. The mans arm was easily injured in the Blackguard's powerful grip. He used a mans body to beat the crowd. Whatever it took to break him was not within the ability of the rioters.
The people didn't stop beating the Blackguard, and he seemed impervious to pain. I noticed he was smart as well as strong, because when he purposely chopped a person with his hand, extremely quick to the nerve cluster in his deltoid, it rendered the mans arm totally useless.
The police vehicles that blocked off the street at either end of the block were shredded as heavy artillery from a new source opened up. A multiple amount of abused vehicles came charging in. They demolished the barricade and drove right into the area with no regard to the police who tried to stop them. With armor and weapons fitted to the brutal trucks, they surrounded the group of people. The Blackguard noticed the vehicles, and he must have recognized them also, because he pulled out two long thin swords and proceeded to wildly carve a path through the people to the door of a twenty story building. As the Blackguard displayed strict professional swords play, the people in his path tried desperately to get out of the way of the slashing samurai blades. Yelling and screaming, men tried jumping over each other with insane panic. Destiny met those who were too slow.
Three black pickup trucks pulled up and took positions under the street lights at the outskirts of the crowd. Rebellious teenagers were in the trucks with tattered leather clothing, colored hair and Mohawks. Before the Blackguard entered the building, the gang of punks arose from out of the trucks with a variety of powerful fire-arms. The Blackguard put away his swords, and turned to face the punks at the entrance of the building.
Invisible from where I was floating, I could see the Blackguard easier. Across his chest were two straps which criss-crossed at the center. One strap was full of grenades, the other held small throwing stars. Below the stars, also attached to the strap, were long narrow pockets containing explosives.
On the Blackguard's back, I saw a bow and a quiver full of arrows. Tucked in the back of his belt were a pair of nun-chucks.
Strapped to the outer side of the Blackguard's left metal boot was a small gun. The opposite boot contained a knife. The boots looked very heavy, and it amazed me how well he moved around in them. At the front of the rim, near his knee, the metal of the boot pointed upwards into a long spike. Metal plates protected his thighs. Also, his utility belt was made up of many small weapons; a pouch of ball bearings for his sling shot, darts, a large unique yo-yo, swords, rope and mechanical grappler hook.
I was reminded of old western show-downs when I saw the punks lined up, pointing their guns at the Blackguard. I became nervous in the presence of all the guns, so I floated into a second story window above the Blackguard who was slowly backing into the main entrance. 
We made you!!! shouted the female leader of the punks.
You will not destroy me!!! The Blackguard shouted back defiantly.
The female punk leader shouted, Fire!!!
--RATATATATATAT!!!-- Heavy ammunition was massed against the Blackguard and the citizens of the angry crowd scattered. The punks targeted the Blackguard alone. A couple of bullets sparked off the Blackguard's thick body armor. As the Blackguard fell backwards through the main doors, his arms raised to protect his head, he landed on his back and rolled around the corner. Pulling his strangely designed sling-shot from his utility belt, he loaded it. 
The sling-shot was equipped with a supporting wrist brace and the main forks were extended forward ten inches from his hand grip. When the Blackguard stretched back the elastic strap, it expanded across his chest, six feet long. He released a tiny ball bearing from the sling-shots amazing elastic energy, and it shot out in a perfect straight trajectory across the road. It whistled over the heads of the stunned punks and into an adjacent building. The entire building across the street from me exploded and crumbled to the ground in a great mass of thick dust and smoke. The Blackguards diversion was a success and he quickly escaped, disappearing in through the main doors.
I left the room feeling a strong sense of danger. I hoped to glance down the stairwell for a chance to see what the Blackguard was going to do next. He peeked my curiosity. The Blackguard was the most interesting person I ever met and the most frightening. 'Was he really as evil as he wanted people to believe? Or was he fighting for a greater purpose as I was?'
Bullets came streaming into the dirty room as I stepped out of it into the main hall. Glass at the face of the building shattered unceasingly under the relentless shower of bullets. The Blackguard made the punks outside very upset. I went to the stairwell and when I arrived, I heard the Blackguards heavy footsteps charging up the stairs. The footsteps hammered louder and louder. To my surprise, he busted up the stairs as he made his way to where I was. I could hear his muffled heavy breathing through his black knight helmet. He stopped, just before he ran into my chest. Accidentally, he came too close to me and entered the frontier of my cloaking field. His eyes met my chest first, before traveling up to my head. He would have only been able to see the energy gel waves melting over my facial features. I lurched backwards a few paces so the Blackguard was again beyond my field parameter. I knew I had disappeared from his vision when he stretched out his hands to try and touch what he could not see. After shaking his head from left to right, he turned back toward a support beam connected to the stairs. He reached to his side and unclipped a large yo-yo. He threw it and it split the support beam. The yo-yo rewound up the metallic nylon string to his connected hand strap. The stair well creaked and a punk launched himself around the corner and opened fire, with a small gun. He came within millimeters of having the Blackguard square in his sights.
The Blackguard used some fancy yo-yo tricks to first glance the bullets away, second, to knock the punks gun out of his hand, and third, to smash the punk in the face. After so much abuse, the yo-yo still reclined up to his palm obediently. As the Blackguard began to turn and continue up the stairs to the next floor, the stairs began to collapse and fall out from under him. The Blackguard hurtled his yo-yo toward my direction as he fell in hopes it would catch onto something.
I instinctively reached out and grabbed a hold of the yo-yo with one hand. With my other hand, I grabbed the second floor door frame for support. The Blackguards weight jolted me toward him. My hand crushed the gyp-rock wall next to the bending frame. I thought the metal door frame was going to break.
I pulled the Blackguard up to the second floor with all of my strength and the strength enforcement of my invisible suit. When he was high enough to get a firm footing, I released his large white yo-yo and from the Blackguards perspective, it seemed as if the yo-yo fell from mid-air. I could tell he was very confused, even though his helmet disguised all facial expression. Nevertheless, he stood up straight and gave his yo-yo a flick with his toe and it recoiled up to his hand.
The Blackguard connected the yo-yo to his belt before he pulled off his rope and mechanical grappler hook. Before he used the rope, he took one last suspicious glance behind himself. The Blackguard threw his mechanical grappler hook with a powerful under-hand toss. I heard it snap a hold onto the remaining stairs above. After giving two strong tugs to test the grapplers hold, he swung into the stairwell and began to strenuously pull his way up the rope. He did very well considering how much weight he must have been carrying.
The punks only waited for the dust to settle when they began to flood into the bottom of the stairwell. They did not even cock their guns before they showered bullets up at the Blackguard. Most of the bullets glanced off his cast iron boots. 
The Blackguard dropped a grenade and the punks scrambled. I didn't want to be toasted when the grenade went off, so I put my suit into action and floated up the stair well. The Blackguard was above me and there was not enough room for me to pass him. I pushed him up the rest of the way so we were able to scale what was left of the stair case.
The grenade blew up below us as I followed the Blackguard up the stairs. Diligently we climbed to the tenth floor when the Blackguard stopped. I thought he was out of breath, but actually, he heard something, so he cautiously opened the tenth story door. I noticed a fire broke out below us as a result of the grenades explosion. I wondered how I let myself get into this. I looked back at the Blackguard, who quietly slunk through the door.
Thats him!!! Someone shouted.
I heard one gun shot. I opened the door to peek and the Blackguard threw some throwing-stars into all of the punks who just walked off the elevator. He heavily walked over to the fallen punks. The Blackguard kicked a door in at his right and hauled the severely injured punks into the room with him.     
He dropped them onto the floor and walked over to a window. The Blackguard looked outside for a moment, before he grabbed a punk and held him close to his helmet.
You were all like brothers to me just yesterday. Now, I need to send your pals a message and you are going to be the messenger. The Blackguard spoke in a slow deep growly voice.
The Blackguard pushed the face of the punk up against the glass of the dirty window. Leave here now and I will let the rest of you live! shouted the Blackguard. The punk twitched and opened his eyes as both he and the Blackguard waited for an answer. It made my skin crawl. A single bullet broke the window from outside and pierced the chest of the punk. The Blackguard pushed the dead punk out through the window. Broken glass followed the punk as he plunged ten stories to his absolute death.
No!!! I yelled.
The Blackguard turned quickly and asked, Whos there?!
I did not answer. 
Whos there?!!! The Blackguard demanded even louder, searching the room unable to hide his confusion and frustration. You better answer me, or else... The Blackguard paused.
I did not want to give myself away, so I remained silent. Careful to keep his body concealed and protected, he shouted out the window and announced as loud as he could. I am the greatest warrior there is, or ever will be!!!
Hearing the Blackguard speak I recognized him as Domin. There was no mistaking it, this was the same Domin I knew growing up on the Knolix Island. Somehow I knew it was him from the first moment I saw him. He recoiled into the room and grabbed a second and third punk to heave out the window as well. I made myself visible to Domin as I stepped forward and took hold of the victims before pulling them free from Domins grasp. Domin swung around and saw the punks fall to the floor. Domin was dazed at the sight of me but he also appeared to recognize me. With equal speed he turned again to take a second glance out the window. I took the opportunity to disappear once again while Domin's back was turned.
Abruptly, Domin ran out of the room. This reaction came from some kind of danger he saw from the window. Whatever reason he had for running, it was likely an important one. I followed him as he broke through a door into the room across the hall. The room we had just left, exploded in a thunder of destructive fire.
Ahurg! -- Rocket launchers! Muffled Domin under his breath.
Smoke puffed out from the seams of the elevator doors as it groaned with a giant deep hollow warning. The elevator belched up a roar and blasted out the doors. The doors sailed to the other end of the hall. Next, the staircase blistered and blew apart with fire, throwing splinters and hot shrapnel down the other direction of the hall in a powerful heat wave. Sirens screamed outside. Domin stood by the window.
Finally! Breathed Domin, The cops, now where are the choppers?
Evon. I said, Stay alert. If he tries anything, be sure to assist me.
OF COURSE, MASTER. Evon said. BUT AS LONG AS HE CAN NOT SEE YOU, YOU ARE QUITE SAFE. A brief moment of realization sunk in for the little sertz. OH, NO - MY LORD, YOU DON'T MEAN YOU ARE GOING TO...
I became visible for the Blackguard.
The field around me wavered and diminished, before the energy gel slunk off my head as far as my neck. Domin and I had a moment where we said nothing, we just stood staring at each other, before Domin tried to attack me. He threw a couple of darts at me. With the tones of chimes, Evon shot the darts with its gleaming little stars. This glanced the darts into the wall next to us.
A growl, the likes of which I had never heard before, came up from deep within Domins chest.
You disgust me. I said, attempting to break the ice of communication.
Domin responded shouting. Grizz is the greatest warrior there is, or ever will be!
I tightened my fist and drew back my arm. Domin did the same as he ran toward me wildly. With longer arms, I swung forth first and contacted Domin's stomach. Staying clear from all of his spikes, razors and blades, I swept Domin off his feet and sent him into the ceiling. A light fixture shattered and an impressive indentation marked the impact above. Domin fell flat onto the floor and just laid there for a moment.
He thought he was the greatest. I had the potential to have thought I was the most powerful being of this world and fly into a temper tantrum. Only, that wasn't my style. Domin could have probably leveled all of Metro city if he was a true volk.
The Blackguard rose from the floor and looked at me.
Believe it or not, but I want to help you. I told him with a suggestion of seriousness.
The only way you can help me is if you join me, otherwise, get out of my way... Eddy. He knew my name which confirmed it, this Blackguard was, Domin. He grew up on the Island and mysteriously vanished one day. The tone of his voice half hid the icy deception underneath it. I heard the sound of a helicopter amongst the sirens in the distance.
Fine, now follow me. I'll get us out of this, Domin. I received no reaction from the Blackguard. He just stood facing me. Studying me.
Domin is dead. I am Grizz and you can forget it! Retaliated the Blackguard as he removed his pouch of explosives and tossed them down the hallway toward the flames. If it is not my way, it is the highway. Grizz began to run, his rope and grappler hook in hand. Picking up a lot of speed, Grizz leapt out the broken window. I followed him, knowing the impact of the explosion would be too much for me and my capabilities to bear. We jumped out of the window.
At once, the apartment blew out at us from behind. Grizz tossed his grappler hook in mid leap from the tenth story window. The mechanical grappler caught the landing ski of a police surveillance helicopter. To activate the claw of the grappler, Grizz used a golden remote control ring.
The helicopter pulled away from the building as the entire structure collapsed. Grizz's weight began to tug at the helicopter. The search light swung around lighting our surroundings in the mysterious night. Aggressively, Grizz climbed his cable to the cockpit of the two pilots. Grizz punched through the windshield with his studded black brass knuckles.
The policemen panicked as Grizz opened the cockpit door. The officers shot at the intruder, but Grizz pulled them from their seats and dropped them from the helicopter. The two officers plummeted into the shallow waters of the strong and wide Fraser river. Grizz had to pilot the helicopter, but not knowing how to control the air-craft, he steered it aimlessly. Crashing into the river, the splash sprung fifty feet into the air. The rotors chopped into the river for a few beats, before they shattered. Pieces of metal rotor shards streaked through the air in every direction. I could see Grizz struggling to get out of the helicopter. I abruptly switched off my power of flight and let myself drop toward the river to assist not only Grizz but the police helicopter pilots.
Diving under the waters surface I steadily drilled my way to the helicopter. I clasped my arms and legs around the cockpit, applying some pressure, until the cockpit imploded. Grizz was heavy to move underwater. I pulled the brawny man with all of my might, and hauled him onto the sandy shore. I let him collapse limply to the ground.
I took off Grizz's helmet. His face was hard, as if he had muscles in his jaw, chin, eyebrows and cheekbones. I had never seen a face with so many scars as Grizz. With dark tattooed skin around his eyes, like a raccoon, Grizz was clad with unnatural weapons of power and a scruffy unshaven face. His hair was long, shaggy, wet and dirty. 
I placed my open hand onto Grizz's chest. Evon, warm this man and bring him around to consciousness. I commanded my sertz.
My suit, increasing with energy, became a very bright blue. Grizzs face began to twitch as he coughed, before he took a great gasp of air. Opening his eyes, Grizz looked at me, noticing who I was, he pushed me away defensively and stared at me with wide wild eyes. His pupils were fully open and intense with questions. He was unsure of my intensions.
A long double edged blade sprang forth from the upper wrist of his gauntlet. Grizz swung the blade at me as I lifted my arms in defense. Striking my romstrunn with the gauntlet blade, the blue energy gel of my suit began to spill out onto the ground. The damage to my romstrunn caused the blue energy of my volk suit to retract back into the unit. As the energy gel was called back to the romstrunn, it began to spew out from the opening of the damaged slash at the side of it.
The Blackguard was surprised and confused, when he saw the energy gel spurting out. With the intent to put some distance between us, Grizz clumsily jumped forward to climb the rocky embankment but he collapsed on a wet boulder. Falling forward he kicked back at my stomach. His heavy boot shattered my hickoop. I stumbled backwards into the river. I managed to regain my balance in the knee high shallow edge. The pieces of the hickoop fell away, into the river. I tried to catch some of the pieces before they were lost forever, but my efforts were for nothing. The hickoop was ruined and nothing could make it work now. I let the broken hickoop be taken by the river. I strode out of the water shaking my head slowly from side to side. 
Grizz destroyed something dear to me. Anger flared up in me yet I knew it would be a fitting demise to any object of the Ied era. I was responsible to make sure the products from the Ied era were either returned to the Ied era or destroyed in this world. No volk technology could remain because no human could be allowed to possess any of it to protect and preserve my home world. I felt responsible for causing any consequences which my actions might have on the future. Now the hickoop was broken, never to be successfully reassembled. It would have pained me to know a human somehow had it in their possession. Within moments, I was half naked, standing on the shore wearing only my boxers. Baffled, I turned my attention to my romstrunn where I examined just how badly it was damaged.
I was grateful to find the romstrunn was still operational, but the damage to the energy gel compression tank was beyond my limited ability to repair. I looked to the rocky river side with contempt. Grizz was scrambling to climb the rocks to the parking lot. His eyes were wide and his heavy armored suit was wet, causing him to climb awkwardly. I picked up his metal helmet from the rocks and threw it at him. The helmet struck Grizz at the center of his shoulder blades. His shoulder plates took most of the impact. From there the helmet bounced high off Grizz and landed in the parking lot above. I did little more than cause Grizz to turn and sneer at me.
I advanced one step toward Grizz and he was threatened by me. The water beaded down the grey skin of my chest. I could feel my anger begin to radiate from my eyes in waves of heat.
My smoldering glare was obviously intimidating. Grizz needed a little intimidation in his life as he was usually the one being a bully. Grizz retaliated, dislodging a large boulder and rolling it down toward Eddy. With one hand, I scooped up the boulder and tossed it over my head. A heavy '-thwump-' was heard as the river swallowed the boulder.
Only time could predict what would happen next. Grizz lost his expression of fear as a new emotion played over the features of his face. Grizz became confident and strong.
I would have killed you by now if that was my intention. I told Grizz sensibly. Now, put your little knives away so we can get out of here.
Ohhh, you'd like that wouldn't you. I give you just a sliver of trust, then when I turn my back, you would attack! Grizz, still very suspicious of me, felt everyone in the world was after him.
I'm getting tired of this. Would you rather we spend all night here on this embankment waiting for someone to come and kill us? I shook my head with frustration before I charged up the river-side slope toward the Blackguard. He began to growl, warning me of my dangerous action.
Stumbling to prepare for my immediate advance, Grizz flinched with surprise and a micro-second of uncertainty in his own ability. I wound my fist back just before I threw myself forward delivering a powerful blow.
My fist caught Grizz at the center of his stomach and sent him over the slight grade from the shore to the parking-lot. His upper back landed onto the hood of a silver corvette. A security alarm began to squeal irritatingly. Gaining control from the impact, Grizz snapped up and pushed himself away from the corvette. His long tangled hair quivered in the breeze, as Grizz lost all sense of fear or rage. A tooth filled grin of satisfaction decorated Grizz's face, before he chuckled at me. Eh-heh.
I was uncertain if I was correctly translating his form of expression. Little did I know, Grizz was sizing me up. Examining me as a hunter examines his prey. Grizz obviously loved the thrill of the hunt as equally as the challenge of the game. Using the strength I exerted in my punch as a basis for what he was up against, I became the latest challenge in his mind. To defeat me, a volk, would be the greatest victory... A masterpiece.
A stone cold expression settled over Grizz's jaw and his eyes began to burn. Speed and force came alive like fire as Grizz threw his arms around to slash me with his blades.
Easy, buddy. I said with my hands up for him to stop. Put your knives away so we can kill each other on equal terms?
Grizz did not listen. I tried to pop Grizz with a quick shot through an opening, but he was too fast and slashed my forearm. I put my other hand over the wound. Thick ruby blood began to seep through my fingers. Grizz was a mad butcher from the dark ages and he wanted to chop me up like a sausage. I turned and ran from Grizz but he didnt pursue me immediately. From a distance I saw Grizz had went back to search for his helmet amongst the parked vehicles. With long precise strides I headed across the parking lot and back down the embankment to a nearby drainage tunnel. The opening was blocked by a welded re-bar mesh with gaps small enough to keep out small children.
I wrenched on it to get an idea of how stable it was. A quick glance revealed Grizz was not going to grant me time for numerous attempts to open the tunnel. When Grizz found his helmet, he ran toward me like a vicious mad bull clad in dark armor. I gripped the bars tightly and heaved with all of my might. The concrete broke and the re-bar tore away. I swung the re-bar in Grizzs direction knocking him back onto the rocks.
Grizz rolled with the spinning re-bar before he quickly came back up on his feet. I dived into the tunnel and tried to shimmy through it as fast as I could. Ahead of me was darkness and behind me was the heavy cast iron boots of Grizz. His blades clanging and scratching at the inside of the tunnel and his half growl, half breath threatened my existence like a vicious stalker from a nightmare.
I could hear the Blackguard gaining on me. I felt the tip of his blade clip the heal of my volk boot. The tight radius of the tunnels space soon opened up to a much larger culvert. I rolled out of the pipe and stood up. Glancing behind me I noticed Grizz pulling his weight out of the pipe. I instantly started running down the dark shallow tunnel. I wanted to put some distance between Grizz and myself. The stench in the air was rancid as though there was a depletion of oxygen. I detected high levels of hydrogen sulphide and methane. Something behind me splashed with a wild vengeance. It was Grizz. Continuing on deeper into the tunnel using my hands to feel along the curved sides as I ran, searching for anything which might help me. Further ahead of my path, I saw light streaming through two small holes of a man-hole. Searching, I found something with my hand. My left hand slipped off the curve of the tunnels wall and fell away. I moved around the corner to look for the remainder of the wall, instead I found another tunnel. I was at a junction where the tunnels separated. Backing down into the left tunnel, I waited for the Blackguard to approach. His heavy boots pounding into the water was a dead giveaway of his location. I struck him as he ran up beside me. He was paying too much attention to the two distracting lights coming through the man-hole. I threw my weight into Grizz and jabbed my elbow into his side.
Grizz roared in pain. I leaped up to the man-hole and pushed the cover up, out onto the road above. An automobile of some sort flew over the man-hole and clanged its tires against the man-hole cover. I was lucky I didn't lose my arm. I poked my head out but I was too large to get all the way through. My eyes locked with the driver of a heavy loaded semi-truck. Locking up his breaks, the driver's eighteen tires squealed and he wrenched at his steering wheel to avoid hitting me. I ducked back down right away. His left front tire hit the open man-hole and the pin broke loose from his trailer. The flat-bed trailer, which was hauling steal beams, gouged into the road. It ripped through the road throwing chunks of asphalt into the air. Tearing through the man-hole, the heavy trailer dug the opening out wider. The load bindings broke and the steal beams fanned out over the road. The beams carried with them great weight and velocity. They speared into oncoming traffic and knocked over street lights.
The detached semi-truck was forced to veer off the road colliding into the heavily occupied parking lot. Behind the devastated trailer and clutter of steal beams was a brilliant speeding sports car. Moving too fast and too close to the truck and trailer to stop, the drivers eyes grew as large as baseballs before he swerved to miss the accident. Entering oncoming traffic, the little red sports-car collided head on with a dump truck. The dump truck mowed over the sports car with ease before it turned off the road and drove up a practically vertical slope. When momentum would no longer carry the dump truck any further, it tilted and rolled down toward us.
The Blackguard and I turned and retreated further back into the sewer system. The thunderous noise was so loud we truly believed the tunnel would collapse in on us. We ran as fast as we could, deeper into the tunnel. I heard the heavy dump truck slam against the pavement behind us before its load of gravel spilled out and buried the hole in the street.
Pitch black and through the sound of gravel settling, from the silence that followed, I could hear Grizz's deep breathing. We paused in the darkness to catch our breath. I could just barely see Grizz. He searched the darkness with the palms of his hands and his arms held straight out at his sides, blindly hoping to find me. If Grizz touched me and found me, he would surely try to kill me. Grizz could see less than I could in the dark but he may have had other senses to locate me. Jerking his head left, and right as he sniffed the air trying to get a fix on me, a distant squeak echoed. Like a sinister predator, the Blackguard snapped his head in the direction of the sound. It was a sewer rat scurrying in the dead of the dark, crypt-like silence within the dank bowels of Metro city. I could kill Grizz, but remembering Hals death, I vowed to never kill again. Besides, I was not a fighter. Not like the Blackguard, who's profession was to kill. Decorated with a whole arsenal of weapons to use at his discretion, Grizz had me at a disadvantage.
It was a sensitive situation, like diffusing a bomb. Why fight? I coaxed him, deciding to open a dialogue to persuade him to speak rather than fight. He bent down lower at the sound of my voice trying to hone in on where I was exactly but the sound of my voice echoed off the walls. If he could find me, he would kill me. I remember you. I told Grizz as we circled around in the cramped junction of the sewer. Youre from the Island. Grizz slipped a little and splashed to regain his balance from the curvature of the culvert. He swore under his breath at his own clumsiness. What did they do to you, Domin? I asked as friendly as I could.
I am going to make this sewer into your tomb. the Blackguard growled.
Oh, come now, that is no way to talk to an old friend. I attempted to lighten Grizz's mood.
Grizz let out a drawn breath of exhaustion, I remember, Eddy. I heard his metal blades clash together, Ive always hated you.
Thats fine, I dont like you either, but Im curious, what are you fighting for? I asked at point blank range.
Grizz was taken back by the question, for all his life he had a fight of some form or another and it was always for the same reason, I fight to win! The Blackguard spoke with a swagger.
To win? Win what? I challenged him.
The fight you idiot! One wins and one loses. I dont lose. Grizz wished he could see Eddy.
I'm sure you don't. Listen, you are one of a kind, the last of your kind, right? I am the last of my kind as well.
What about your mother? She is a volk as well, isnt she? Grizz tried to correct me, but Grizz had pressed a sensitive button.
I dropped my head with regret that I couldnt save my mother's life. She isnt with us anymore. I finally told Grizz with my head hung low.
I-Im sorry Eddy. more silence, Though I never knew her very well, she was my mother too. Of course, how selfish of my not to consider how my mothers death would affect others deeply as well. All I was able to see was my own pain.
I knew there was something special about Domin from the first moment I met him. I decided to level with him and see where it brought us. Domin, I fight for a purpose. I want to go home to my world where I belong. I have some information you would be very interested in.
What kind of information? Grizz demanded with a low snarl of skepticism.
Secrets about the Knolix Island. Grizz perked up at the mention of not only the Island but its name, Knolix Island. 
Eddy must have something of value and he was willing to share it. Oh, what am I doing? Grizz wondered as he came to a new realization. 
I invite you to join with me. Together we will be a force unstoppable and my chances of success increase considerably. Hold out your hand and we will shake on it. We will make a pact, you and I. Right here in this sewer we will become what we always have been, Brothers. I waited, but Grizz was slow to answer... Too slow. We need to get out of here, together, right now, agreed? I asked the question which apparently shook Grizz out of his hatred funk.
Without answering right away, the Blackguard finally replied, Agreed Came the echo from his deep rough voice. I watched his body language carefully. As the Blackguard extended his open hand into the darkness, I took hold of it and we firmly shook on our new understanding.
Go back the way we came if you choose, but I am getting out this way. I began digging through the gravel which spilled out of the dump truck. He approached me from behind. My eyes shifted to the side as I half expected him to stab me in the back, but he moved up beside me to help me dig. When I was through, I grabbed the Blackguard by his cross over strap and pulled him out with me. Our hearts were pumping out of our chests.
Just beyond the parking lots toll booth and row of parked cars was a caf. Everyone at the little restaurant left their tables and were peering out the windows. I dodged over and around the clutter of destroyed vehicles and approached the caf.
The eyes in the windows staring back at me grew wide. Lets take a couple of these hogs. Grizz suggested as he made a gesture to the row of parked motorcycles.
Theres got to be a better way. I said, no doubt the bikes were someones prized possessions. In the distance I could hear activity of humans dealing with the vehicle accident. 
Take the hog and follow me, or stay and die. Dont argue with me, this game has no place for a goody-goody. Declared the Blackguard.
Get away from my bike you freak! The voice of the motorcycles owner Barked. I could feel the biker's distraught emotions of fear and protectiveness. 
I stepped toward the biker with the palms of my hands held out toward him. The bearded black was dressed in black leathers which made him look even tougher. Easy, man. We don't want any trouble. Twenty devoted bikers came out of the caf at once. They all shared the same Harley Davidson crests, emblems of eagles and fire along with their gang colors. Someone snuck up behind me, and a chain lashed across my shoulder. I feared the Blackguard would get angry and cause a massacre. The angry bikers were holding hammers, knives and chains. All right, everyone put away your weapons. I spoke loud and clear. I told you, I don't want any trouble. The bikers just stared at me in bewilderment. They did not understand me, who I was or what I was doing there, but if any of them had listened to the radio recently they would fear us. Whatever happened next would determine a peaceful outcome or a mad brawl.
Just a minute. One of the bikers said to the gang with his hand in the air. Perhaps this biker was the leader because he stepped toward me and opened his mouth as though he was going to ask me a question.
The bikers were just about to consider talking to me when Grizz lifted his arms and took a step forward. With his hands held up like he was under arrest, Grizz spoke through his helmet, Oh, ya, we don't want any trouble... Hea-hea. Grizz's voice was deep, menacing and saturated with a sense of deceitfulness. He turned his head toward me slightly and whispered. Lets do this Brother.
A few bikers who stood before us moved in on Grizz as he stepped toward a couple of parked motor cycles, reached out and grabbed them by the front tires. Dragging the the bikes from the curb Grizz started swinging them around and around. The bikers surrounded Grizz before they backed way off.
When Grizz released the bikes, one flew into the main front window of the caf and the other one embedded itself in through the windshield of a nearby family minivan in the parking lot.
Hey! I shouted at Grizz. Stop this non-sense. We need to get out of here right now!
My thoughts exactly. Grizz hissed before he turned back to a few remaining parked Harley Davidsons. At the other end of the line of parked motor bikes, a couple of bikers were trying to start their motorcycles to keep them from getting damaged. Once their motors came alive with a chest pounding roar of thunder, Grizz went to them. He marched through the crowd back handing bikers out of his way with ease. Grizz pulled the bikers off their Harleys aggressively. A couple biker girlfriends screamed before they decided to hold their breath after Grizz shot them a look with his angry eyes.
Hopping onto one of the bikes, Grizz jerked his head for me to follow saying. You comn or not?
The sound of the sirens had grown very loud and the military surveillance helicopter made a fly-by to report our position. As I headed toward Grizz, I did not have to push people aside. They already provided a wide path for me.
Considering how desperate our situation was I couldnt argue with Grizz, I knew I'd regret steeling the motorcycles but there was no time to find an alternative. We needed transportation and no one would give us a lift even if we offered cash. I sat on the leather seat of the idling motorcycle with the bikers cursing us. The shocks strained under my weight as I dwarfed the size of the hog. My size in proportion to the motorcycle did not seem compatible but the tall handle bars made it easier for me to steer. I rode passed the mad people of the cafe as they continued to yell throwing bear bottles at us. I wasnt worried about where we would escape too, I only wanted to put some distance between us and the authorities.
I let the Blackguard lead the way.
Chapter 13

The thunderous noise of our motorcycles shook and echoed off the buildings in the wake of our high speed arrival. Throughout the streets of the city, I followed close behind Grizz. The dark night skies deepened to heavier hues of purple and blue. An eerie smog lingered above the city streets. The warm lights of countless windows which decorated the tall buildings calmed me somehow. I was reminded of simpler days, finding the buildings looked like of chard logs from a camp fire which were only lit by the embers glow.
Grizz had a talent for steering us clear of roadblocks and search helicopters. We hid from our, would be captors, most of the time. Occasionally, the police would surprise us but as long as I tailed closely behind Grizz, he would lose them. I let Grizz lead the way because he seemed to know exactly where he was going. As we drove through glass doors of large building complexes, we found Metro city had been abandoned. We even drove through the Metro city mall. When we passed through to the other side, Grizz broke out through the glass doors and led us through an alley way to an underground parking lot of a neighboring building. Though Grizz's method was erratic, he did manage to keep us hidden. Confusing the authorities, we made the shadows our cloaks. Sirens of police cars and fire-engines sounded off into the night. For a while, I wondered if Grizz had a plan or if he even knew where he was going at all. Deeper and deeper we travelled into the city. The sirens and rolling lights of the police seemed to diminish along with the average commuter vehicle. I suspected the army was tracking us and preparing a plan to trap us. Our situation became a strict military operation. 
Running red lights of intersections in a desperate attempt to out run the pursuing Boeing Sikorsky RAH-66 Comanche helicopters, the forces from the sky grew in numbers as the distance was covered through the city. Twin-turbine (tandem) armed reconnaissance helicopters came into play. These babies had stealth characteristics like retractable under carriage and weapons stubs, an angular over-all shape and engine exhaust slots under the fuselage. The main propeller hub was entirely covered, and the tail rotor was a ducted fan. I was honored and terrified at the same time as the humans of this world spared no expense to destroy us. We must have given the impression the city was being invaded by a master warrior race.
Grizz led us to the out skirts of Metro city. The Comanche helicopters lost sight of us for a moment when we hid under an over pass. From there, Grizz led us into a quick detour through yet another back alley. It was amazing how he steered us through the city avoiding the multitude of military vehicles on the road. Uncertain of our exact position, the city police in conjunction with the military were busy setting up roadblocks closer to the heart of the city to keep us from getting out. Little did they know, we were already out. 
Soon, we found ourselves within an industrial complex. There seemed to be something wrong with Grizz because he drove near warehouses and kicked their doors in and broke some windows. What was he looking for? I wondered. A place to hide? A friend who could help us? Or was there some kind of mental imbalance? At any rate, I began to question the confidence I had in Grizzs ability. Before the Comanche helicopters found us again, we broke the lock at the gate of the chain link fence and drove into a huge old abandoned saw-mill yard. Grizz marched over to the high garage door and began lifting it. I heard the lock break then the door opened. We walked the bikes inside and closed the door behind us just as the spot lights of the surveillance helicopters washed over the building. We waited to see if they spotted any evidence of our where abouts. The helicopters did not stay long before they continued their search. Grizz, as mysterious as he was, pulled out an old dusty tarp and placed it over the two bikes. 
Follow me! Grizz commanded. Within the warehouse, I followed him up the stairs of the filthy platform to a balcony which supplied a great overview of the saw mill below.
I stopped half way up the stairs and looked at Grizz, Don't even begin to consider me as some mindless follower you can pull around like a dog on a leash.
Grizz stopped and turned to me with a menacing slowness. Sure, now keep up.
My fist came down on the railing heavily, snapping it. If I never knew you from the Island and if we weren't on the run, I would have been rid of you instantly.
Grizz looked down upon me from the higher steps. Quite a statement. What have I done to you to hate me so much.
My emotions began to burn with anger. I find it hard to like someone whos entire personality is made of evil and hatred. You injure and kill innocent people without any regret.
There are no innocent people. If those people were innocent they wouldn't have gotten involved and confronted me. It isnt me you hate, it's my military training.
What kind of outlook is that? Killing is wrong everyone knows that. I let out a breath of fatigue. I was tired of Grizzs wild caveman like mentality.
Espionage, assassin or defender of our nation, a Blackguard. Are you jealous you were not chosen for such training? You were not raised like me. Grizz grunted. No one tried to make a secret weapon out of you.
They wanted to! I told Grizz.
Thats just not the same. Now are you coming or do you plan to continue boring me with your wining? Grizz turned and stepped onto the upper level.
I followed behind him, shaking my head as I thought, None of this really matters. I must keep my focus on the goal, and the goal is to get home. I asked Grizz a new question. How long can we hide out here before they find us?
I figure this location will last us the night at least. Grizz answered with a swagger of attitude. You saw me kick open some doors from warehouses at the east side of this industrial area? That was to set off the security alarms creating a strong decoy for our escape. Those alarm systems will encourage the military search party to concentrate on that area. From up here I can keep my eyes on them. This warehouse is on my old turf. The alarm system was disabled long ago. Trust me, we're safe.
You dont trust anyone. I get that, but Im supposed to trust you? Just look at what youve done! Tripping those alarms will bring them here even sooner!
I know. Its called a diversion to keep them looking where I want them to. As I said, I am able to monitor their progress and keep from being surprised by them.
Suppose we are fully surrounded in the morning, I asked with suspicion. Then what would we do?
Well take to the sewer.
No! no more sewers for me. I answered with disgust.
We're on the run! Grizz snapped. What kind of answer are you expecting from me. We don't have a lot of options. This is no special agent film. I can not conveniently just fly us out of here at day break!
I looked at the motorcycles. I also noticed all of the wood of the saw mill and the misplaced tools when an idea sprung to my mind.
After a long while of explaining my idea of converting the motorcycles, Grizz finally gave into my request. He figured, until he came up with a better plan, we might as well try out my idea. It would at least be good for a laugh.
Carrying the motor cycles up the creaking stair case, we worked on the project together as we talked. Grizz had many questions about the Island and he knew quite a bit about what was going on inside the Island. We learned a lot from each others stories. Grizz seemed confident with the temporary safe house at the moment. I was not so sure if we were quite so secure but the communication seemed to break down some barriers and bring us closer to a shared level of understanding.
Hmph-hmph. I heard a muffled chuckle originate from Grizz. Funny, we were school mates yesterday and now we're going to war.
We're not going to war. I told him sternly. Could you pass me that wrench over there? I pointed. While Grizz reached for the wrench, I continued. Tomorrow morning, at day break, we're getting out of here. I wanted to tell him, I will go my way and you will go yours. The end. but like him or not, I knew I had to take him with me to the Ied era. I glanced out the window to see if anyone was creeping around our complex. The area seemed secure. When I turned back, Grizz placed the wrench in my hand.
You have a destination in mind, don't you. The remark from Grizz surprised me. I know you well enough. You think like me. You don't aimlessly run from things and hope you don't get backed into a corner. You have a destination and I want to know where that is.
The wrench was one size to small. It is not easy for me to respond. Not only do I think you won't understand, I think you won't trust me after I explain. You know I have been following you through the city, trusting you not to take us the wrong way, trapping us or getting us killed. Now, I need you to extend the same level of blind trust so I can take you to where we belong, but it won't be easy. I need a larger wrench, this one is no good.
Oh, so after I saved your life and proven I can be trusted, you tell me I'm not smart enough to understand where we are going to go? Maybe I will live, maybe I will die, but you will always be an obnoxious volk to me, Ed-man, and that's the largest wrench I have so choke on it, pal.
Obnoxious? I'm sure you had nothing but compassion for the punk as you dropped him out a tenth story window. Besides all this pointless bickering. Our lives are still at risk. Listen, I hope to return to the world of volks where we will no longer be hunted. I gripped the bolt head with my finger tips and loosened them the hard way. I removed and disassembled the front steering column.
That's right, we are outcasts here in this world! Like you, Eddy, I don't fit into this world. I turned to look for shadows moving in the streets below but there was nothing. Tell me... Am I right? Answer me! You and I are both victims of those psycho government scientist at the Island. We should do something to bring them down.
I'm not interested in bringing them down. I told you, I just want to go home. With a sense of home sickness, I tightened my face and turned away.
By now, I have more volk blood running through my veins than I do human. With impressive strain, Grizz managed to bend a metal pipe as an example of his inhuman strength using only his own bare hands and I caught sight of some rather odd veins branching out over the tightened muscles of his arms. I could actually see the dark blood pumping through enlarged veins. 
To live and see this volk world of ours, or to die trying, I'm ready, either way. I had the sense of an impending weight upon Grizz. What had he been through? I wondered realistically.
I removed the rear tire and chain before I proceeded to do the same to the other motor bike. As he did so, I telepathically looked through a little bit of Grizz's memories to get a better understanding of his past.
I could tell Grizz knew I was looking though his memories and Grizz just observed the images along with me to prove trust did exist between us.
Sometimes I wish I was never created at all. Grizz responded from the experience.
I felt Grizz's deep sadness and I found how through understanding Grizz, I felt so much more compassion for him. According to your file, you are the product of two babies who had, for natural causes, the worst start in life, but because of the pain you have endured, you are one of the most powerful people on this planet. Through you, my twin brother lives.
Grizz turned his face to me as though he were studying me. Feeling lighter from sharing his story, Grizz reclined into his chair with comfort. 
I never could understand who, or what, you were. Everyone knew you were a volk, but what does that mean? Are you an alien? Feeling closer to me, Grizz expected an open, honest answer. 
I am from a different world. You and I can explore it together. It will all be new to me as well.
Grizz chuckled, If we can get that far Chances are, you will get caught and your verdict will be death. Your cute little intrusion of this world will fill history books for years to come. By pushing your way into the public's eye, you will most likely become the most significant discovery of our time. There will probably be a museum built in your honor, filled with the strange broken utilities you have. Grizz pointed to my romstrunn. I jerked it away before Grizz touched it. Grizz smiled crookedly before he continued. Your life history will be documented for all to read. If I'm lucky, I maybe briefly mentioned in the document. I certainly don't see how I can compete with the likes of you. The document will probably be placed on a stand in front of a couple of huge glass cased boxes. In one box will be your skin stuffed and positioned in a threatening manner to portray you as a beast. The other box will have your skeleton fused together at the joints.
Nice. I said, acting as casual about his amazing fore-thought as I could. I didn't know you were so talented at bed time stories. I tried to stay as busy as possible and not let it show how his story actually gave me the willies. Grizz had a point. My existence here, in this present time was certainly out of the ordinary. Whatever happened would have serious consequences on the future. This was the same situation Gastonish faced when she confronted the Ornocks. The Ornocks almost sacrificed their lives to keep the future safe. I strongly believed the future must change no matter how much I interacted within it. I also believed in a difference between short term and long term affects caused by a time traveling agent, such as myself. This meant my actions could only affect a certain degree of the future. A catastrophic event would bring an end along with a new beginning. Small varying degrees of altered events would ultimately make no difference. But if changes caused something catastrophic or altered the outcome of a catastrophic event, the affects would become long term. 
My mission to return to my home world included the destruction of any evidence pointing to the existence of volks. It was clear, there was no other choice but to remove Grizz from this world. An assortment of volk fluids, muscles, bones and who knows what organs comprised his unique body, so letting him go free was not an option. I had no choice but to take Grizz with me or else he would have to be destroyed.

Our work space was dark and cramped. No power was available for power tools or light. It seemed every little motion was enough to raise a small billow of dust. The dust got into everything. We choked on it and it irritated our eyes, though our vision was already obscured by the darkness. Grizz was very messy and clumsy as he worked and he didnt follow my instructions very well at all.
Just tell me. Where did you come from? How will you get to this world of yours? Grizz pressed obtrusively.
The how will require a great deal of trust on your part and I know that wont be easy for you. Our planet is called Verticus and we will have to travel through a great deal of both space and time to get there. I explained as basic as possible.
Grizz looked at me for a moment with no readable expression on his face before he said, Believe it or not, I do trust you. I believe you as well. I looked up at Grizz with that comment. You're not from around here and you had to get here, to this time and place, somehow. Now you're going to back track and return to your world the same way you came here, right? I was satisfied that Grizz understood.
Grizz had been watching the progress of the search efforts carefully. On occasion, Grizz would climb up onto the roof and with the use of his advanced sling-shot he targeted several structures in the outlining area. With perfect precision, Grizz hit the rickety structures and some of them fell over like skeletons breaking to pieces upon the ground. This was to mislead the searching military groups. 
I'm almost finished with these modifications. I reported to Grizz as he slowly leaned forward and studied the two disassembled motor cycles. Why don't you give me a hand here? I suggested, as I really wanted to finish my conversion project on the bikes.
Standing up straight, Grizz looked down on me and said, This is a waste of time. We've been at this for hours. The military's getting closer. I'm not tinkering with these bikes anymore and I need something else to do to prepare for when we have to fight our way out of this jam.
Fine, I told Grizz, I need just a little more time. Why don't you find a way to distract the soldiers without getting us killed?
My pleasure. Grizz grinned like he finally had something fun to do. Ill be right back.

Grizz was not gone long before he returned. I have bad news. a hopeless tone was clearly detectable in Grizz's voice. The streets are full of vehicles heading out in one direction. They are coming to get us. We gave the military time enough to stage themselves in strategic locations throughout the city. If Grizz and I went back out into the city, it would be a suicide run. The military was waiting for us to make the next move and when we did, they planned to destroy us once and for all.

We stick to the plan. I told Grizz and continued making adjustments. With a huff, Grizz rolled his eyes and wiped his forehead. I was just finishing up the final examination of the motors. Everything seemed to be in perfect working order. The time for truth had come. Without an opportunity to test the devises or practice simple maneuvers, we were taking a much bigger risk than I wanted. Your plan will take too long Ed-man. Grizz said. This idea of changing motorcycles into flying machines is a waste of two vehicles and a lot of time and it wont work! We should have been working on a real plan, or even a back-up plan to get our butts outa here! Now we have no time, and I for one am fresh out of ideas!
Are the charges set? I asked, while busy trying to strap on one of the flight suits.
Ya, but I feel like this is just another one of your ideas thatll back fire on us. a typical comment from Grizz.
We are depending on each others skills. It is possible things can fall apart in an instant, but we know enough about our own strengths and weaknesses. We are capable of beating the odds. I did not look away from adjusting and examining the motors. I didnt even break concentration as I spoke.
I agree, except I dont have any weaknesses. I rolled my eyes at Grizz's egotistically narrow-minded opinion of himself.

The morning sun was just winking open at the distant horizon of metro City's tall towers. Glistening dew drops on the old windows with a golden warmth which I chose to recognize as the beginning of a whole new life. Grizz sat at the window and watched as military infantry men, dressed in black fatigues, cautiously crept closer throughout the industrial warehouse yard outside. They broke into the warehouses one by one searching for us. The scouts of the special agents were very cautious and nervous. This never more prevalent than when a rifle discharged within a nearby facility.
Within the saw mill, I was busy completing some last minute adjustments and testing structure integrity. I carefully constructed both of the devices exactly the same to carry four hundred and fifty pounds. I figured Grizz would come close to the same weight as me when he was suited up in his armor. I created the wings out of 5/8 spruce plywood, and angle iron. The propellers were taken from huge fans which the saw mill used to suck away saw dust. I detached and discarded the rear wheel and most of the seat from the motor bikes frame. The joined front end fixture, which was the wheel, shocks, handle bars, gauges and headlights, were all removed and also discarded. The transformation of the motorcycles was complete. We had converted the motorcycles into our new operational, flight suits, (in theory.)

I strapped myself into the belts of one of the flight suit models. The harnesses were tightly secured around my shoulders and waste. The padded seat pressed against my upper back. The fuel tank was also padded and pressed against my lower back. The motor stuck out about two feet from my back with each wing having the span of twelve feet. I attached a pole to where the rear wheel used to be supported. The pole stood straight up over my head. The propeller fanned out above me like a helicopter. I had the handle bars connected to the pole. The bike chains were connected to a small sprocket which drove a larger pulley and belt which reached the propellers. With a metal bar attached to the gear shift we could change gears manually, while in flight. In order to control the steering, I designed some wing attachments for our ankles. They would catch the air and allow us to keep our feet from dangling.

Noticing the troops heading for our complex, Grizz marched toward me and said. Thats it! We're outa time. he began to strap his flight suit to his back. Stay and tinker around with your gizmo as long as you want, I'm gone. Pulling the starter, the engine came alive with a roar as Grizz adjusted his choke and throttle.
Okay, Grizz! I'm coming. Finding some old abandoned cover-alls and old clothes left behind in lockers, I had shaken the dust off and tried them on. They were labelled, 'One size fits all'. Under the flight suit I was wearing an old rustic brown jacket and I stretched my legs into a pair of dark green plastic rain pants.
As the soldiers reacted to the sound of the flight suit motors, We could hear the troopers entering the warehouse from the main floor level. Grizz set off the first stage of explosive charges and a section of the ceiling exploded at the far end of the room. Before the dust could settle, Grizz and I hustled under the open roof. The debris was difficult to traverse but we managed to keep our balance.
Grizz clicked his flight suit into gear and began to lift off the floor slightly. I pulled the lever and popped my flight suit into gear. Grizz placed a hand on a device mounted to a metal guard railing, which bore only a single switch. With a quick snap of his fingers, Grizz activated the device and started the second stage of explosives. Grizz gave his flight suit all it had and shot out of the roof above as though the sky was the vacuum of space. I revved the propeller and felt the powerful tug skyward. The second stage of explosives started a chain reaction. Pieces of burning wood and metal tore at my dark green rain pants and struck my motor. No noticeable damage seemed to follow. Each explosion was followed by another and another as they worked around the outskirts of the warehouse. The walls cracked and the entire structure shook.
Grizz set the last explosives to the base of all the main vertical support beams within the warehouse. I gunned the engine and rose higher than the hot smoke and dust. I was careful to make sure my wing tips cleared the opening of the ceiling. While I climbed into the air, the entire warehouse fell down around me into a great cloud of dust. The warehouse was demolished. As I rose higher into the sky, I glanced up and saw Grizz had achieved a great altitude above me.
Shots rang out at Grizz. Military snipers were scattered throughout the industrial complex. I wrenched at my gear stick and the propeller roared. I flew low to the building tops to stay out of the gunners sight. Grizz had made himself into a prime target in the sky. I told him to be careful not to do that. Once in a while, because I was lower than I should have been, the propeller would clip the roof tops.       
Bullets ricochet off Grizzs armor. He was still flying straight up. I explained how to fly the flight suit to Grizz in great detail, but he was letting the flight suit lead him rather than take control.
Jets approached from the distant horizon heading straight toward us ready to engage in combat. I was nervous and heavy sweat threatened to interfere with my sight.
Above me, Grizz shook his fist at the noise of the five jets as they passed with supersonic speed. He took his hands away from the acceleration of the handle bars so he could grab his incredibly large sling shot and a couple of ball bearings. Before he was ready a second squadron of five jets also passed by. Descending, Grizz seemed to struggle to regain control.
The first squadron was F-35 joint strike fighters again, the second squadron was F-22 raptors. When the jets passed us the first time, it was to identify us. Next time they would pass, it would be to shoot us down and I feared they were dedicated to live up to their strict one shot one kill training.
Grizz and I had very little to retaliate against the air forces greatest strike fighters, but we were small and capable of great maneuverability. F-35s came up fast behind us and began to open fire with internal guns which had laser designators. The bullets narrowly missed me as I rolled forward into a steep dive. The ammunition heavily pounded the surrounding buildings of Liberty town. Obviously, the air force did not care. Damage to an evacuated city could be repaired. Grizz shot a small black marble at an incoming jet and missed. Loading his sling shot again Grizz shot at the second jet. His aim was much more precise. Hitting the jets cockpit windshield, apparently did not have any effect on the jet.
When Grizz reached into his pouch once again, he accidentally tipped it up and all of the black ball bearings fell away out of sight. Grizz opened his hand and found one ball bearing left. Loading his sling shot for the last time to hit the last jet to pass, Grizz decisively picked his moment. When he released his shot, the black marble surprisingly pegged off the tip of an AIM-9 sidewinder missile under the wing. The jet detonated into millions of brilliant red hot hurtling pieces.
I don't know what that did to Grizz, but he glared out through the slits of his helmet at the other jets with ferocious anger and a new found sense of confidence. Throwing his long distorted sling shot away from himself, I watched it as it fell. With a new sense of focus and drive, Grizz gripped his accelerator and pushed his flight suit into a twirling dive. With a vengeance, he seemed to play a game of cat and mouse with the jets. Voraciously, an F-22 raptor pursued him. The F-22 raptors were much faster than we were of course, but they lacked the hair pin maneuvering capabilities.
The F-22 unloaded on Grizz with its 20mm gatling gun. Tipping his wing as he made a sharp turn, Grizzs motor caught a shot from the 20mm. The raptor pilot thought he had Grizz when black smoke bellowed out from the engine. However, Grizz still managed to trick the F-22 with a distraction into a collision course with an F-35 at an intersection midst the tall Metro city buildings. Anger became the buzz as the remaining F-22s frivolously pursued Grizz. His overwhelming, brawny maneuvers led him to rise up above me until the flight suit gave out and twisted as he went down leaving a spiral of black smoke trailing behind. A complex city was waiting below to devour him if his engine were to seize up.                                 
Despite the pressure of the chase I continued to stay in the near vicinity of Grizz. One F-35 seemed to swoop in from out of nowhere and appear right behind me. My motor slightly shook as I shifted gears then my engine roared. I bolted forward just as the jet began to fire upon me with ruthless thunder and deadly streaks of fiery light. I veered to the right around a sharp corner and on through a tight ally way. Catch me if you can! I toyed, indulging in the sensation of youthful invincibility. To my surprise the F-35 had short takeoff and vertical landing capabilities, or (STOVL). This allowed it to slow to a stop in midair, turn 45 degrees to my direction and with its wingspan of 36 feet continue after me through the ally. The last thing I would let it do was to get a target lock, so I pulled up and performed a full loop which brought me down right on top of the fighter jet. Landing flat against the F-35 cock-pit window, I seemed to have picked up a few bad habits from Grizz as I gave the pilot my own wide eyed roar cry. With a final measure of anger, I slammed my fists onto the bullet resistant glass. The powerful strike cracked the window. In the back of my mind, I knew Grizz was impressed. I knew spending too much time with Grizz would rub off on me eventually. The pilot of the F-35 took the opportunity to show off the maneuverability of his fighter. I felt the jet under me lurch to the left before it began to rise straight up.
I twisted my throttle full open causing my flight suit to pull me away from the F-35. I was air bound again! Turning my head to look back, I saw how the wing tip of the F-35 clipped the brick wall of the ally, accidentally, the momentum pulled the jet right into the building side. The jet fighter had lodged itself into the building structure where it began to burn. I continued on as I rose high above the ally and found Grizz still twisting throughout the tall Metro city towers. Locating Grizz was easy as wherever Grizz went, he left a thick trail of black smoke. 
Though Grizz's flight suit was damaged, it still functioned for the moment. Through desperation and a willingness to survive, Grizz worked the controls of his flight suit, aggressively navigating it incontestably. Picking up some speed then veering off toward a road, Grizz led us to the cleaner and more sophisticated part of Metro city. I had to ask myself, Where do you think you're taking us now?
The preceding jets came about and followed us, but they refrained from firing at us. I looked to the city streets below and saw military vehicles scattered throughout the roads. Besides the fast moving U.S. army trucks, jeeps and motorcycles, I quickly caught a glimpse of multiple SmartTrucks, M109A6 Paladin Howitzers, stealth tanks, Surface-to-air missile trucks (SAM) and stationed Multi Launch Rocket Systems (MLR). Amongst the heavy artillery, soldiers ran, taking up positions and preparing for their next move. Because we were currently so close to the road and military traffic, no order was given to fire at us from above or below, however, the governing powers on land and in the air were bent on tracking our every move.           

Making the most use out of our flight suits, Grizz and I flew over building signs, street lights and intersection lights as we accelerated through the city. Electrical cables were an ongoing nuisance as we were nearly ensnared by them often. We rose above and began to weave around and between tall buildings. 
From such a height, Grizz and I not only were able to look over Metro city but the little towns and cities around it. I saw the smoking ruins of a large damaged area of Liberty town at the outskirts of Metro city and I suspected, Grizz had something to do with it. He would have leveled the entire city if given half the chance.
The motors of our hogs bellowed with pounding noise throughout the city shaking windows and nerves. The two squadrons of six remaining jets, three F-35s and three F-22s, ascended and backed off to follow us with a distant birds eye view. From their altitude the jets gave us little to no chance for escape without being noticed.
The military ground assault came alive. Like an eruption, they launched everything they had. Ammunition came streaking at us in lines of fire and smoke. Missiles were linked to the most sophisticated tracking computers. The odds were stacked against us as buildings exploded all around us. Large pieces of concrete and metal blew out from the skyscapers and were thrown in all directions. I tried to stay close to Grizz, knowing if he crashed, Id parish along with him. We could not keep this up for much longer. Grizzs damaged motor was getting worse, sputtering at times and driving harder and louder than it was designed to. Grizz realized, as I did, we would have no chance of survival unless we escaped the war zone immediately.
The two squadrons of jets joined and dived into the city to clean up what the ground assault may have missed. As the jets moved in to follow our trail, the desperate need to leave the war zone grew.
Venturing around a large glassed metropolitan trades building, Grizz and I spied a large smoking hole in the side of it. Like many of the surrounding structures of the city, the military assault had recently blown it out. Flying right into the gaping hole in the side of the shattered glass building, Grizz reared his smoking flight suit up as he slowed quickly. I flew in right behind Grizz, entering the damaged section of the building. Cautious of our wide wingspan we were careful not to snag any part of our flight suits on the hot twisted metal. We could not continue all the way through the hole because it was just a big burning cavity. This game of cat and mouse could not go on forever. What we needed was a magical way out of this pressing situation. Magic?
Of course, a distraction, a slight of hand maneuver not unlike the magic I enjoyed studying. Yes, the city was a perfect house of mirrors only on a grand scale.
Pushing away from the broken cavity of the building, I flew out, setting the stage amongst the reflections on the sides of the glass, mirrored building sides. 
The structure of the main Occulous computer distributions company was designed top heavy where the left side angled out at ninety degrees. 
Knowing the jets would soon be coming around the corner in pursuit, I positioned my flight suit so the propeller spun over my head like a helicopter, enabling me to hover in place. With my back toward the jets as they came speeding around the corner of the large glassed metropolitan trades building. What the pilots saw was the reflected image of me looking right at them like a big easy target.
The two squadrons of jets tried to slow at once and open fire on me. a cluster of missiles sprang forth in curly random trajectories from the squadron of jets and detonate. Fire filled my volk image with a flash of twisted flames. My body was blown into countless shards of glass. Though momentarily confused, when I flew over top of the squadrons, unscathed and with full use of my flight suit, the pilots quickly realized they'd been duped. All they shot was the image of me reflected in the mirror siding of the building.
From the burned cavity of the large metropolitan trades building, Grizz sprang out, landing on the cock-pit of an F-35. He had cut himself loose from his damaged flight suit. The two samurai swords unsheathed, Grizz stabbed them in through the cock-pit glass. The blades criss-crossed, narrowly cutting into the pilot. Using the handles for leverage, Grizz held on tight. All weapons ceased fire as the building yawned and collapsed behind us. The ground forces, in shock, did not fire another volley with their own air force still airborne throughout the city.
The loud groans of my flight suit throttle echoed throughout the city, mocking the military's authority. 
A large caliber bullet blew a hole through my wing as I quickly realized it was the snipers who posed the greater threat. Uncertain if it was due to the pilot's actions or a mechanical failure, the F-35 which Grizz was riding began to dive toward the city streets.
The instinct of survival a buzz in our minds calculating every next possible action. I did not want to see Grizz plummet to his death as I throttled up and followed after Grizz.
The main Occulous computer distributions building behind us seemed to be made of glass as it shattered apart under the stress of the explosions. The soldiers and other military arsenal scattered for their lives as the building collapsed around them.
Despite our steep descent, two F-35 strike fighters swooped in at us from behind and behind them was the rising cloud of dust, concrete and glass from the great Occulous structure flattening out to ground zero. I continued to dive down after Grizz with my motor screaming to maximum RPMs. Although I was unable to gain on the speed of the jet, I pressed on. The two F-35 joint strike fighters did not deviate from the dive behind me. We were all in deep. Dropping into the abyss of the city with an escort to our deaths. Our hearts felt like they were going to pound right out of our chests. 

Grizz looked into the windshield at the pilot inside. The pilot was nervous and scared as he looked at the street quickly approaching and then to Grizz then back to the street. Pulling back on the stick, the pilot began to lift the nose of the F-35 and level it out. Time was running out and Grizz was trying to find an opportunity to jump free from the jet but such an ideal moment would never come. As Grizz watched the pilot reach for the ejection lever he knew his time was up. Before the canopy of the cock-pit blew off with Grizz still attached to it, he pulled his samurai swords free and jumped clear. Grizz tumbled with his arms and legs out stretched, still clutching a sword in each hand. The glass canopy had jettison below Grizz.
Parachutes sprang from out behind the F-35 as the pilot ejected. I had to spin to keep from colliding with the canopy or pilot. Steering the flight suit in such a high speed scenario was a difficult battle, but I had to pull up in time to grab hold of Grizz and veer off. The unmanned F-35 seemed to come at us as the parachutes began to slow it down.
The two jets following from behind were not ready for the slowing unmanned F-35 and they both slammed into it creating an explosion of jet fuel and wreckage to rain down over the scattering soldiers who filled the streets below.
Pulling up with all my might and with the throttle full open, the flight suit could not lift the weight of both Grizz and myself. I heard the wooden wings of the flight suit begin to crack. Our momentum would not take us higher, but for the moment being low to the street was where we wanted to be. Reaching out to Grizz's fists, which still held the swords, I cut the sharp blades through the straps of the flight suit. Grizz and I landed on the street with a tuck and roll. The unmanned flight suit flew to the side of a portable military generator trailer.
When Grizz and I stood up, we found ourselves surrounded by soldiers, only none of them seemed too concerned with us and no one had a weapon pointed at us. All eyes were looking past us at something terrible in the sky. When Grizz and I turned around to see what could be worse than us, we saw the rolling cloud of dust quickly approaching from the collapsed of the Occulous building.
Joining the soldiers, Grizz and I ran for our lives knowing clean air would soon be something scarce. I directed Grizz with a hold of his shoulder armour, toward a nearby alley way. There, I lifted the lid of a garbage dumpster and threw Grizz inside. I jumped in after and closed the lid.
A menacing cloud of dust grew out of the buildings destruction and rolled over us. Outside I could hear the panic. The dust was able to find its way into the dumpster anyway. Grizz and I choked on the dust as well as the smell of the garbage. I tore some fabric from my shirt and passed a piece to Grizz. Here, breath through this. The dumpster was dark, but Grizz knew what I meant and held the fabric to his nose and mouth under his helmet. We slunk out of the dumpster and crouched down. Under the veil of thick dust, Grizz and I needed to make our escape.
Stepping out into the main street, we were invisible but in the distance I heard the hum of a powerful vehicle approaching. The motor stopped as it seemed to take its time to examine what was left of the crashed and burning F-35s. A shot was fired and whistled through the air. Grizz and I backed in and around the dumpster believing we were under attack. 
As a twist of fate, the targeted air force wreckage was destroyed in a head pounding explosion. I could not resist the temptation and peeked around the corner of the dumpster. Through the thinning dust I could barely see the beastly military vehicle. It had six huge monster tires and the vehicle itself was shaped like a polished silver bullet. 
An RAH-66 Comanche helicopter approached from overhead and blew the smoke and dust out flat. The strange six wheeled vehicle spun on the spot until it was facing in the opposite direction. A large ramp leveled out at the back, before a door lifted open and troopers emerged. The small platoon of eight soldiers stood on the platform with their automatic rifles cradled in their arms. The ramp lowered them to the ground. The soldiers wore grey and black uniforms with pockets full of utilities at their disposal. Their helmets were decorated with an assortment of capabilities. For example; lights, radios and visual systems of international advanced helmet-mounted display functions. They engaged their infra-red targeting grids and turned on their miniature spot lights.
As the soldiers scoured the wreckage of the burning jet crash site, Grizz shook his head and placed his hand to his helmet. I noticed smoke filter out of the ventilation slits of his helmet as Grizz released a deep breath.
Remembering that Grizz was not a complete volk, I asked, Are you hurt? If Grizz wasn't up to the challenge of continuing on, it would become harder to escape the situation. 
Grizz patted me on the shoulder and stood up straight. Lets go.

The sophisticated foot soldiers started their search from the monstrous bullet shaped vehicle and fanned out across the wreckage area. Despite all of the dust which still hung heavy in the air, they covered about half of the hot and charred area. Other vehicles began to approach. A variety of groups were preparing to join the search. There were men and women, some dressed in protective radioactive suits and others setting up computers and other interesting scanning instruments.

Grizz and I climbed onto the ramp and let it raise us to the rear entrance of the six wheeled silver monstrosity. We walked through the open rear door. A quick scan of the compartment revealed there was no immediate danger. The place seemed to be evacuated. A sealed door at the far end would still need to be inspected. I closed the rear door as silently as I could. Seats with seat belts and re-enforced metal harnesses lined the inner walls facing in. The silver clasping buckles of the seat belts had a word engraved in them which read, 'ZYLREX.' In the center of the personnel area Grizz took interest in a long wide cylindrical gunner station. The engraved metal plate on the cylinder also displayed the name Zylrex. The cylindrical station was attached to a swiveling turret mounted to the roof of the silver beast. The gunner also controlled the side mounted heat seeker missiles. At the corner of the far end were unoccupied computer consoles and a closed door on the far wall which undoubtedly led to the drivers seat.
I reached for the handle of the thin door just as it opened. A driver casually stepped out, ducking his head to fit through the door, but when he lifted his head and his vision locked onto me, then to Grizz, I thought his eyes were going to pop right out of their sockets. Before I could grab the man, he ducked back into the drivers seat. I caught the door to follow the driver in. I quickly threw my upper body halfway into the cock-pit and reached for the driver. Again the driver escaped me as his seat, and the seat of the passenger, quickly sunk into the floor. I grabbed onto the steering wheel and held on for leverage as I watched the driver and passenger lower twenty feet to the ground below. When the seats had safely delivered the two soldiers safely to the street, they ran off out of sight. The seats retracted and rose to their original position at the driving controls.
I slid into the drivers seat and took a second to examine the controls. Once I made sense of most of the million or so switches, dials, buttons and levers, the rest was easy. 


Grizz get into the back and man the cannon turret! I told him lurching my thumb to point behind me.
Grizz removed his helmet. A twisted smile of deceit started a new spark of life in him. Oh, I like this rig. he spoke in a low growling voice of satisfaction.
This rig is a special forces Zylrex armored personnel carrier. I told him, but Grizz didn't care about the vehicle's make and model.
So what?
It's top secret. I turned my attention away from the road to look at Grizz for a moment. Our danger has heightened if the government has issued such weaponry against us. They are opening up all of their available strengths to stop us. Our destruction is their top priority.
Grizz nodded, Understood. and hustled into the back. This computer is useless to us. Grizz stated with a huff.
I looked down at my damaged romstrunn, still clasped to my forearm. I opened the cover and looked inside. The computer compact disk was still in it. Actually, that computer could be an asset.
Heads up! grunted Grizz from the turret. We have incoming. Twenty jets with strange numeric code names. They must be more of the Governments secret toys.
You scared, Grizz? I wondered though he didn't sound scared.
Are you kidding? They have no idea who they are dealing with.
Good. I answered back at him. 
Grizz had positioned himself in the cannon turret where he examined the triggers of the rifles. Starting forward, the six wheeled vehicle easily made its way over the area of broken concrete and scrapped jet debris. 
Grizz raised his head and saw distant soldiers begin firing at us. With a forceful click and a clack, Grizz cocked the two automatic rifles before he laid down a suppressing fire.
With a heavy foot, I stomped the clutch to the floor. The Zylrex jolted as I shoved the stick into gear and released the clutch. With a hiss from the air brake system, I performed a break-stand and the front end of the vehicle rose into the air like a reared up horse.
Our opposition was momentarily in awe as the six monster tires threatened the existence of the soldiers with an over powering fury. The front end came down hard but the massive shocks absorbed most of the impact. I turned the wheel hard to the right and spun the tires as we turned around. Hot fragments of debris were sprayed out over the variety of human special forces. As we drove away bouncing over the wreckage once again, a few gun shots were fired at us but not enough to count for any damage.
Set the missiles on auto. Don't leave the turret and concentrate on making every shot count. I was busy enough driving the Zylrex to help Grizz any further. Heavy shots from the jets pummeled the road and Grizz fired a shot from the cannon.
I had driver seat access to the main computer as well. It was all built into the dash. Scrolling through the systems capabilities quickly I found this baby had; Northrup Grumman advanced electronically scanned array (AESA), Multi-function radar, Snader/Litton Amecon electronic counter measures equipment, a Lockhead Martin electro optical targeting system, Northrup Grumman distributed operture infrared sensor (DAIRS) and a thermal imaging system.

The missiles dispersed as the auto targeting grids locked onto multiple jets at once. The jets moved together like a well organized flock. Just as they were diving in to strike, our ground to air missiles began to hit their intended targets. From a glance at the aerial chaos, I could see the jets were shielded with powerful electric fields. Grizzs shot from the cannon neutralized a jets electrical field but there didn't seem to be any damage to the jet.
The electric shields were probably spin-offs from one of my mothers science lessons which she held from time to time back at the Island. Luckily, she never submitted all of her knowledge but what she did disclose was more than enough.
At the impact of the first missile the entire squadron of twenty jets broke up. The jets had some fancy navigational capabilities and used their skills in conjunction with their speed. Some jets were able to defeat a target-lock by using either a stealth or jamming function.
Using the computer at my side, I wanted to find out just what we were up against. These top secret jets were beefed up spin offs of the X-43A Vehicle. Capable of supersonic speed (faster than Mach 5) and tested at maximum speeds of Mach 15. This means it was capable of flying worldwide in 90 minutes. Created in conjunction with the robotic air-force, these jets were un-piloted.
I drove us out of the city and made way to the off ramp. This led us north bound on the number five freeway. Grizz stopped firing. Whats wrong? I hollered.
Stupid computerized crap won't work for me. Grizzs voice cracked under the frustration.
Try to relay the cannons to auto fire as well. The Zylrex was built with a super computer core. Once Grizz engaged the auto controls the cannons functioned in an in-human manner. Every shot was a hit and the strange top secret jets took a serious pounding.
Grizz climbed back into the passenger seat beside me. With the computer in charge, I am no good back there. Picking up his helmet from off the floor, Grizz placed it over his head once again.
Fine, now hold on. This is getting ugly. Ahead of us was a military road block. Grizz, take the wheel! I commanded.
A steering wheel was mounted on both sides of the dash. I was rather large for the small cock-pit and awkwardly made my way out of my seat and crawled into the back. I took a seat at the computer console and fixed the road block as our new target. The road block was made up of one huge tank and six smaller U.S. army trucks. Foot soldiers hid in wait with weapons drawn. Just as the Zylrex opened fire on them, they opened fire on us. An X66 Mammoth tank fired its twin cannons, mounted automatic rifles thundered and a ground soldier fired a bazooka. Grizz veered off the path of the heavy artillery but the automatic rifles followed us. The freeway was chewed up behind us under the heavy fire, creating one big pot-hole. Our rockets blew a large hole through the center of the blockade and disabled the large X66 Mammoth tank, but we were no longer heading in that direction. Grizz drove the Zylrex off the road and up a steep embankment. Killing the lights, Grizz seemed to make the entire Zylrex disappear into the woods. Large boulders and trees could not stop us. Using the thick forest as cover, we crept up beside the wounded blockade. When we were in position, Grizz started us forward, full speed. We charged out of the forest like a mad bull. Over a short slope to the road, Grizz drove over some vehicles which were inflamed.
I was thrown about so much, I could not continue computer detail. Once we were back on the road, Grizz shouted back at me, Where do you plan on going, Ed-man?
Just stay on the main road, I'll let you know when to turn off. I answered back strongly. I reached up to the C.B. radio and hit the search button. The radio cycled through the frequencies and stopped when it found one. While I listened, I inserted the compact disk into the computer and tried to establish a link with the Knolix system again.
The dispatch was hollering and yelling in a panic. Augh! aw ghn. Sir, they've gotten through, sir.
Colonel, repeat your message, over.
The road block north bound on number five has failed, sir. The target is continuing north bound.
The radio hissed during a brief pause. Colonel, reassemble your troops and head out south bound. We will have a contact waiting for you. Over and out.
I successfully remembered the steps Sally took to establish her modem link with the Islands computer. With Evons confirmation, I used the original code clearance, 8462-TS. When the Knolix computer system was open to me, I began to scan through the video surveillance systems. I saw soldiers and scientists running about in panic. Orders were being shouted over the back ground sounds of yelling and screaming. The human attempts to keep control of the situation failed. All was chaotic. I noticed the other human subjects of the Knolix Island were gathered onto a sea vessel at the dock and sent away.
I thought of how much I despised the Island and how important it was for me to destroy it before I tried to return to the future. Otherwise, I would run the risk of altering the future and finding the same home my mother promised to me.
I reached up to the radio to scan the military frequencies again. The conversation was between high ranking officials who were discussing how to best plan their next move.
...no choice but to nuke'em. Initiate operation gavalin drop I heard the coldness of the rough voice crackle through the speaker. A chill ran up my twin spines. The military was on the verge of using nuclear weapons to destroy us.
No, sir. I must disagree. We have a new strategy. A hoarse static-filled voice spoke. We have called back our air force strike team and sent in a small squad of demolition specialists. Operatives are planting mines in the road which the target won't be able to see until they are right on top of them. And to follow our quarry from the rear to prevent them from turning around, we have deployed six Zylrex special forces attack vehicles. This will beat them at their own game, sir.
Okay, thats enough, lets switch again to a more secure frequency, over.
I fiddled with the radio a little more but came up empty. I gave up quickly and focused on the computer. We had a long stretch of road out ahead of us, and it would take time for the orders to be carried out for the militarys next plan of attack. I wanted to use what precious time I had to dig deeper into the secrets of the Knolix Island.
I worked at gaining access to all of the Islands perimeter defense weapons. After I brought all of the Islands defenses up, I encrypted a security code clearance for myself only, and a personalized voice clearance. Password: Genation. Before I used any of the defense weaponry, I punched up the files of all military personnel who were on the Island. Additionally, I punched up the files of all of the Islands subjects, which were namely me and the other citizens of the small Island. I established a link between the two files and began switching the scientists and soldiers IDs and subject codes. I replaced the ID code of Commander Bruno T. Hinton, with my own personal subject code. When I was finished, I inserted false information into the Islands defensive security system. This false information had the computer believe the subjects were running loose on, and within, the Island. This way the computer thought the subjects were trying to escape, which set off the security alarms of the Island and the defense programming kicked in. The only difference was the Islands defense was targeting soldiers as the escapees rather than the original subjects.
After I made sure to have some open doors to the inside of the Knolix Island, I left the computer to confer with Grizz. I went to the cock-pit and sat next to him. He was driving with all of his attention fixed on the road. Grizz, I was scanning the radio frequencies in the back and over heard...
Ya, I know. Grizz cut me off. I could hear it up here as well. It looks like we have two choices. To jump out now and let them whack an empty rig, or get off this road and find a new route.
No, I have a better idea, but we have to move fast.
I made a mental note to my sertz, if we ever survived and escaped this world with our lives and made it to the Genation nebula, and freedom, I would refer to this journey as the Genatia run.
Chapter 14

 Far away at sea, the Knolix Island was like a great ant hill which had been disturbed. People ran in a frenzy with no apparent sense of direction. Sections of the ground were unearthed and rose six feet in height. From under the ground, pushing its way to the surface were large double barreled turrets of high powered, automated tracking rifles. Within the chambers and hallways of restricted areas throughout the mountain of the Island itself, automated rifles with hours of ammunition dropped from the ceilings and pointed at those within. At once, all of the panic and confusion of the Knolix Island stopped. The soldiers and scientist now had a new sense of confusion and fear.
Freeze! Relinquish your weapons, you have twenty seconds to comply. The flat metallic voice of the turrets locked their sights on the soldiers and scientists. The voice of the defense programming was heard throughout the entire Island like multiple voices over megaphones speaking in unison.
Soldiers and scientists looked at the turrets which were pointed at them, before they looked at each other with disbelief that their own defenses could be turned against them. Some people were testy and continued on their way. A warning shot was fired close to the feet of those who tried to leave.
That was a warning! Cautioned the computer. Freeze and relinquish your weapons. You now have five seconds to comply or clearance will be issued for authorization to kill.
Most people dropped what they were holding, but a few rough necked soldiers decided to open fire on the turrets. The heavy rifles fired one shot at each of the rough necks and the soldiers dropped dead immediately. The shots and the screams came all at once and echoed throughout the Island. The turrets only needed to fire one shot because its bullets were ten inches long and had the potential to blow a hole through flesh at a radius of twelve inches wide.
To those who still survived, the computer spoke again. You are under arrest. Any attempt to escape will lead to an expedient death.

Meanwhile, Grizz and I turned off from the freeway and backed into some bushes where we could watch for the six other Zylrex APCs expected to be following us. From our vantage point, we were ready to shoot at anything that came around the corner. About five minutes passed before they arrived driving around the corner. They moved in pairs, side by side and took up the entire three lanes. I gave the command to the computer to release our fire power. The balloon tires of the first two Zylrex were shredded but when the tires popped the pressure exploded and the vehicles were launched into the air. They landed on the road upside down and hard as one of the Zylrex bounced and rolled right off the road. Pushing over a section of cement road barriers the Zylrex rolled down a steep embankment. The other Zylrex just slumped into a ditch at the opposite side of the road. The personnel within the damaged Zylrexs would not be getting up from such powerful impacts.
I continued to let our weapons fire and we managed to cripple a third Zylrex. We had a new problem, we were out of ammunition. Our entire weapons cache dried up. Grizz and I looked at each other, before Grizz pushed our Zylrex forward. We were driving straight toward the mess of vehicles.
What do you think you are doing? I shouted in dismay.
Playing chicken. Grizz came back at me like a stone of passive cool headedness.
As we headed toward the wreckage, one Zylrex from behind, drove over the first two crippled vehicles on the road. The six balloon tires wobbled and bounced as it made its way over the wrecked vehicles. The experience was like something out of a monster truck rally. The confronting Zylrex was fully armed but Grizz and I knew there was no turning back now. As we closed the distance between us we were more likely not to be hit by any missiles. However, we could not stop the gunner in the roof mounted turret from opening fire on us. The first shot blew our cannons off the roof. As they prepared for their next shot I noticed the barrels of the cannons fixing their sights on our cock-pit positions. Instinctively, I hit the controls which unlocked our seats and sent us on our slow hydraulic descent. The cannons fired and the near impenetrable cock-pit exploded above us.
Our seats reverberated under the shock-wave of the blast. We were still moving fast and the seats we occupied were still lowering to the road. The wind blew most of the smoke away from us. Grizz and I shielded our heads from the heat and random scatterings of debris which came showering down over us. In honour of the game of chicken, neither Zylrex veered off from their intended course of impact. Ramming into the other Zylrex, the collision threw both Grizz and I out of our seats and we rolled out onto the pavement between the six huge monster tires of the other Zylrex.
I reared up onto my haunches as Grizz was crawling to me. Com'on, we gotta get off the road. Grizz spoke through his clenched teeth, concentrating on what needed to be done rather than the pain which inflamed his body. We limped and staggered as we made our way to the embankment at the side of the road. Another Zylrex came through the wreckage and fired at us at first glance. The cannon hit the wrecked Zylrex behind us and we rolled off the embankment for safety. Grizz started sliding down the embankment helplessly, but I grabbed his wrist with one hand and held onto the cement road barrier with the other. When I looked down at Grizz I could see the destroyed remains of a Zylrex at the bottom of the gorge.
Grizz and I felt too tired to go on, as though our strength had been drained from us. We just hung at the edge and listened as a frustrated Zylrex approached us. From where I hung, I could just barely see a small part of the shiny silver hull. At the sound of the double driver seats finally descending from the cock-pit, I looked down and said, Don't you have any weapons left?
Grizz looked back up at me. Huh? Grizz was panting with exhaustion.
You know, one of your fancy weapons, a knife, a gun, a yo-yo? Anything? I tried to help jog Grizz's mind so we might be able to fight back.
Why don't you throw something? Grizz looked at me like I should already have the answer.
I'm kinda busy, in case you haven't noticed. My hand slipped a little. The double seats of the Zylrex hushed as it stopped at ground level.
Through a deep growl of boiling anger I heard Grizz say, You have two choices; throw and fight or stay and die.
I heard the two soldiers approach when I finally understood Grizz and slung him up at them. Just as the two soldiers bent forward to look over the edge, Grizz slammed into their chests and brought them down to the ground. Grabbing their weapons away in their disorientation Grizz struck them across their fore-heads with the butt of their own rifles. Grizz returned to offer me a helping hand to climb over the cement barrier. We dropped into the driver's seats of the new Zylrex and ascended to the cock-pit. Once we were locked into position the radio crackled to life.
Number five report, do you have conformation of the termination of the targets? There were only two Zylrex's left. Number Six referred to us as number Five. Confusion was our most dangerous card at the moment and I wanted to play my hand for all it was worth. I wasn't ready to break radio communication with the other Zylrex just yet.
I picked up the receiver. Thats a negative, the target still exists. Grizz hit my shoulder and I released the button of the receiver.
What are you doing? Grizz whispered with disappointment, We would be home free if you just said we had fallen to our deaths. he hit his steering wheel in frustration. Tell them we are dead right now. Grizz told me with a grudge.
I lifted the receiver to my mouth again, pressing the button I said, We have positive identification of both targets heading out north bound. They have split up, one heading down the road at a tremendous speed, the other has escaped into the sticks. I will pursue the one into the forest and you go after the one on the road.
Copy that, Five. Your voice is very different... It's deeper. Are you coming down with something? Perhaps you think you should go after the one on the road with us? the sergeant of Five's voice was full of suspicion.
These are two very slippery individuals, now move out and don't ask anymore stupid questions. I told him.
Roger, Five. Over. the answer came in the form of obligation. Likely Five was busy reporting to his authority on a separate closed channel.
I gunned the engine down the road ahead of the last remaining Zylrex. As the road naturally turned to the left, I steered to the right and headed up a steep embankment into the forest full of thick pine trees.
I noticed the other Zylrex continue north bound on the road in a high speed pursuit of nothing. When the other Zylrex was out of sight, I continued deeper into the forest. I stopped at a level clearing next to a strong creek. I opened the rear hatch and unlocked the soldiers from their harnesses. Using a small camera Grizz and I could see the soldiers in the back.
I keyed the com and my voice cracked over the speakers in the back. Alright men. The target has been spotted heading down the creek. You have all been ordered to pursue on foot. Now lets move out people! For a moment the soldiers sat with questioning looks on their faces.
Navigator! Spoke a soldier in charge. Have you forgotten practiced procedure? And how is it you have heard orders and we have not?
Oh, no! I whispered. Grizz lowered his eyes and shook his head. I had to think fast. Keying the com switch once again I said, I was given a special radio for security purposes. I wasnt sure if they would buy it so I hit the switch to extend the ramp from the already open hatch. I added, Sir. As a long awaited after thought.
Finally, the soldiers stepped out onto the ramp and I flipped the switch to lower it. Unpredictably, the team leader of the squad jumped off the lowering ramp right back into the Zylrex. I need one last word with our navigator. the platoon sergeant said.
Oh, great. Muttered Grizz.
The squad leader keyed the com. Open up navigator. This is an order.
When the last soldier stepped off the ramp and I began lifting the empty ramp again, Grizz opened the door surprising the squad leader. As he lifted his rifle, Grizz violently pushed him out the back and he fell to the ground amongst his squad. The gathered troopers below were amazed and bewildered. The back of the Zylrex closed up and I quickly drove off, abandoning the squad. I left them with the thunder of the Zylrex as I chewed my way into the forest creating roads where there were no roads.
Grizz poked his head back into the cock-pit and asked, Do you even know where you're going or what you're doing? I mean this is not exactly as we've planned.
There has been a change of plans. I told Grizz. But everything is under control. This is a short-cut.
In the distance we heard a huge explosion. What do you think that was? Grizz asked suspiciously.
I had reason to believe the road would be rigged with explosives somewhere further north. It looks like I was right, and I think I've also bought us some time. The military either believe we're dead or they're trying to locate us.
As we came over a mountain, I could see my destination. The cave was halfway up a mountain on the other side of a long, wide lake. We need to climb that mountain. I said as I pushed the Zylrex into gear. We headed down toward the lake at fifty miles per hour. The Zylrex muscled its way over and through the tall trees.
We drove off a small cliff and landed on some large boulders. Just as the terrain seemed to be leveling out at the bottom of the mountain, we dived off another cliff which over looked the shore below. We splashed down hard into the glacier lake. For a moment, we were submerged entirely under water. The six monster tires kept us afloat and the treads of the tires helped us to move across the surface of Anderson lake.
An alarm klaxon went off. It didn't take long for the military to figure out where we were. As the top secret version of the X-43A un-piloted Special Forces fighter squadron returned to cast their dark presence over our plans, I left Grizz to navigate our course while I set the auto guns on-line again. The Zylrex was very close to the shore and I returned up front to assist Grizz with directions. Our automated artillery pounded and blasted as we threw everything we had at the attacking air-force. Our powerful weapons shook our entire vehicle with each killing burst of fire-power. The inside of the Zylrex was loud like being inside Gods mouth as he spoke heated words of anger with a thunderous tongue.
With a lurch we felt the wheels touch the ground at the other side of the lake. We tore off up the mountain, all the while the missiles and canons were blazing. The jets were so busy dodging our fire power they rarely got a shot in at us. Finally, I could see the scorched trail left by the alien space craft many years ago. We followed the trail all the way up to the boulder which blocked the entrance of the cave. As we drove over rocks and trees, the front end would lift. Grizz had us pointing straight up in the sky at times. I feared we would roll over backwards, but Grizz managed to slow down at just the right moment to bring the front end down each time. Though we were traveling up hill, our momentum still pushed us with enough force to make us skid to a stop at the boulder entrance of the cave. The double seats lowered us to the ground while our parked Zylrex continued to automatically pound away at the air force.
We jumped out of the seats, crouched low, moved closer to the boulder, before I put my hands on it and began to push. Not even you could move that thing, pal. Grizz told me with doubtful faith in my strength. Better we just face our destiny and await our doom.
Don't start with another one of your end of life speeches, Grizz. Now is not the time or the place. Just keep on showing me that you are the greatest warrior there ever was or ever will be! The ground crumbled and small rocks crushed under the weight of the boulder as I moved it to the side. The cave was dark with a strange distant glow. 
Looking into the cave like it was an open throat to his death, Grizz said, Okay, Ive trusted your lead this whole time. Right up until this point. Im not going in there! The Zylrex stopped firing with a hiss of exhaustion. Our second Zylrex was out of ammunition. The enemy jets did not miss a beat and instantly laid waste to the Zylrex before firing on our position at the cave's entrance.
We ducked inside and I rolled the boulder back into place behind us. I led Grizz into the cave and he was amazed at what he saw. Grizz was in awe of each new step he took as he went deeper into my world. He seemed to know the smooth walls of the downward sloping cave was not man made as the walls were perfectly smooth through solid rock. At the entrance to the inner cavity, Grizz examined the glowing crystals and tried to make sense of the Zandith Crockmior and cocoon, for the fully grown Zandith Crockmior life-boat had broken free from its cocoon and was in need of its feeding. 
Following me out onto a suspended walkway, Grizz found chains tinkled above and a strange sound echoed from the distance like billions of insect wings buzzing. His steps were nervous ones, as were mine, because many of the wooden trestles creaked from damage. The wood of the trestles and scaffolding was dry and the color had faded to a rustic grey. The ledge to the cave's entrance was connected to a network of other swinging bridges which were strung throughout the belly of the cave. Gastonish and I had used this network of suspended bridges to build the cocoon. The cocoon measured thirty feet high and it was supported with chains which were fastened directly into the stone walls of the cave along with other cables and beams. Most of the wooden trestles built close to and around the cocoon were broken when the life-boat crawled out of its cocoon. Stay here, Grizz. I instructed. Don't touch anything.
Evon flew out of my ear. I dont think Grizz noticed. The little sertz flew to the Zandith Crockmior and joined with it to keep it from its hostile hunger. Long enough for me to release its intended meal.
Grizz slowly turned his head panning around to take in the entire wondrous site. He saw the glowing crystals which covered the walls and ceiling along with the pillars which supported the structure of the cave. Some cables were broken and some were not. Still, some chains held the massive, broken cocoon in place. No problem, bud. Grizz replied in awe. H-hey, what do you plan on doing? He asked as I began to climb down an unstable, swinging trestle.
I'm going down to feed it. I told him.
What? he thought about it for a moment. So your kind, I mean, volks, are some kinda food for huge insects? Is this a dream? What is going on here?!
Grizz, I am not bug food. I have to go down to get the feed, okay?
Ya, sure, if you know what youre doing. Grizz looked down again at the giant wasp, before he held my shoulder. You need some help? Glancing down again, Grizz wafted his hand in small quick strokes. Never mind, I take it back. With little understanding of the Zandith Crockmior, Grizz believed it was a giant insect with consciousness. Of course, though it was alive, it was still a vehicle first and a creature second for it had no sense of self awareness.
I smiled at Grizz assuredly before I climbed the rest of the way down. When I was at the same level as the Zandith Crockmior, I could really admire its massive sturdy structure. It was the picture of perfect health and Gastonish would have been proud to have seen it. I felt so tiny looking up at the wasp breathing down at me, and the giant damaged cocoon half standing and torn beyond it. Walking along the floor, I passed the benches and tables of used laboratory experiments and prototype DNA testing. Old blackened empty exo-skeleton remains of the original Zandith Crockmior still littered the floor. Looking at the equipment, I felt like my mother wasn't very far away.
Though I had known about the Zandith Crockmior most of my life, I still was not used to it. I understood how Grizz felt. This wasp was alive and breathing and I was walking into its lair, or so I felt. Evon told me the Zandith Crockmior was more of a machine to obey my commands than it was an insect striving to survive. Originally, the plan was for Gastonish to be the one to feed the Zandith Crockmior. I had always felt comfortable she knew what she was doing. Right about now I was kicking myself for not asking more questions when Gastonish was with me.
I made my way past the Zandith Crockmior to one of the twelve doors which lined the out skirts of the caves floor. I chose to open a door, to a chamber of insects, at random. Gastonish had been growing the insects to be larger adequate feed cravings for the Zandith Crockmior when it reached maturity, and it was mature now. When I reached the door, I placed my hand against it and found it was humming.
Evon, please tell me you know how to feed an insectular unit. At the mention of the sertzs name, Evon flew out of the Zandith Crockmior and circled around to face me at eye level.
MASTER, THIS INFORMATION WAS NOT PRESENTED TO ME BY YOU OR YOUR MOTHER. The sertz spoke in a flat tone.
How about my father? You must have witnessed Mulunac feed his insectular unit before.
MY LORD, MULUNAC WOULD TAKE THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR L/X TO FEEDING PORTS WHEREIN THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR L/X WOULD BE FED AND GROOMED WHILE HE WAITED.
The cave shook like there was a great thunder outside. I flipped open my romstrunn and tried to find any available information about how to feed the life-boat. Another huge 'BOOM!' shook the cave and the echo lingered for a long while after. Many of the glowing crystals were shaken loose and rained over everything, shattering to the floor.
Hey, Ed-man! Grizz hollered from the trestle. We don't have time for mess'n around here. We've got to do something. I think the Zylrex has just bought it. Another explosion commenced, louder and more powerful than the first. This shook loose more crystals from the ceiling. Ed! Grizz leaped from the tunnel entrance and with his nun-chucks, he hung from a tight sloping cable and rode his way like a zip-line to the floor where he landed on his feet. He looked up at the giant size wasp that seemed to be looking down on him. He held his breath for a moment, before he turned to look at me stiffly. The boulder has been blown away. They're coming in!!!
Grizz was right, we had no time for procedure, Get ready to defend yourself! I began opening all of the doors to the twelve chambers as fast as I could. The first door swung open and I realized a second door within would also have to be opened. I strode inside and clutched the handle. The humming was much louder and high pitched at the second door and I could feel the vibrations of the noise when I touched the handle. I opened it up and before I could look into the darkened chamber, a large insect from within brutally pushed its way past me. Long flimsy legs kicked about frantically as it made its way out. It was attracted to the light of the crystals.
When the clumsy insect passed by me, I immediately followed it out. The insect was only one of several others coming out of the chamber. The insectular life-boat reared up and came to life flapping its wings with a sort of excitement. It recognized the insects and so did I. They were mosquitoes. Ugly, horrid insects with their shrill sounding wings and obtrusive long needle-like mouths.
They swarmed around idiotically for a moment, before one zeroed in on Grizz. As it moved in for the kill with lightning speed, Grizz stood up off the floor and prepared himself for battle. The mosquito tried to stick its long needle nose into Grizz, but Grizz was able to use a retractable blade from his gauntlet to cut the needle mouth off. The insectular life-boat quickly pounced on the huge mosquito. After pulling it from Grizz, it jabbed its massive stinger through the mosquitos thorax. The mosquito was instant food as the life-boat began to feed and certainly feeding time it was, for all of the insects. One after the other the Zandith Crockmior slaughtered the mosquitoes.
I went to the next door and opened its secondary door as well. Huge cockroaches came out like a slow flood. Continuing on, I opened the doors to other chambers freeing cicadas, caterpillars, beetles and winged female ants. The insects ranged in size from that of a toaster oven to as large as a small car.
A trooper stepped up to the edge of the caves inner entrance and gasped with disbelief at what he saw. The Zandith Crockmior was quickly, and violently eating the over-sized creepy crawlies. It was shocking and disturbing yet magnificent. The Zandith Crockmior was doing all of the killing and feasting with no assistance necessary. The other insects were victims and they seemed to sense that.
The trooper spoke frantically into the receiver attached to his lapel. He lifted his rifle the moment he received his order to fire at will. I ran at him, but he did not notice me from all of the other living creatures which scurried and flew throughout the caves spacious chamber. Opening fire the trooper was about to ruin everything as my heart shot up into my throat. I was horrified at the thought of a single soldier shooting down the life-boat and my lifelong chance to return home. I would be stranded on earth forever if he was to succeed. From a slight angle, I jumped from the floor to the rock ledge. I used the crystals as leverage to leap higher from ledge to ledge until I climbed right up to where the trooper stood. I snatched the rifle from him as he was sweeping the stream of bullets from his standard issue semi-automatic machine gun. Firing across the floor in a slow wide arc, the trooper killed many insects.
Seeing what was happening, Grizz pointed out how a shot had been fired from somewhere behind the trooper. A thick white mist began to creep from the inner cave entrance. Tear gas! Grizz shouted. Move! he waved for me to step out of the way. 
I grabbed the trooper by the scruff of his neck and pushed him into a mound of lively active and hungry insects below. As I jumped down to the floor of the inner chamber again, Grizz tossed a grenade up into the tunnel toward the mouth of the cave. The ear splitting explosion pulsed through the cave and pushed a plume of thick dark dust out into the chamber. Deep cracks grew across the concave walls loudly. Many more glowing crystal fragments broke loose and shattered to the floor. Chains and cables snapped and fell away from the ceiling. The elevated wooden pathways crumbled and fell to the caves floor also. The inner cave entrance collapsed and sealed us in. The tear gas was momentarily cut off from us as well.
The trooper jumped up from the mound of insects shouting as he pulled out a pistol from a shoulder harness. Shooting at the surrounding cockroaches and beetles until he ran out of bullets, the trooper was covered in fatal insect bites. Taken by surprise, the trooper had to fight to keep a caterpillar from crawling up his leg. The caterpillar was about the length of ten feet and as thick as a barrel. Before he could tear it loose, a mosquito pounced on him and jabbed its needle nose into his shoulder. I could actually see his body being drained of blood. After the mosquito finished drinking the blood, the Zandith Crockmior ate the mosquito.
The entire cave was soon crawling and I wasn't finished opening all of the chambers yet. Amidst the chaos, insects began to scurry about all the more. Grizz turned around and noticed the insects crawling closer to him. With a huff, he turned and opened the nearest insect chamber door to him, taking his chances that the insects within would be easier to deal with. He found how if he stayed between the first and second door, he would be safe.
The life-boat did not break concentration and continued to feast on the smorgous board of creepy crawly entrees. Just as Gastonish told me, the life-boat would tear off the wings from the female ants before eating them. Stepping on cicadas, beetles and cockroaches, I quickly made my rounds examining the life-boat to find any wounds from the gun fire but to my amazement I could not find even one wound.
I turned my attention back to the unopened doors of the few remaining insect chambers. I released more beetles, cockroaches, caterpillars and cicadas. Only two doors were left, I quickly opened the nearest door and large fuzzy honey bees flew out. They seemed aggressive but I tried to convince myself they were not. When the honey bees joined the rest of the multi-cultural collective party of insects, I moved on to the last and final chamber. I opened the door part way when it slipped from my fingers and slammed shut. I tried again but the door seemed unusually stiff. After I gathered my strength, I gave the door a good pull. Grizz was ready for this at the other side and let go of the door. I had pulled so hard I lost my balance and fell to the ground amongst the creepy crawly insects. When I stood up, I had to punch and throw some of the insects off myself. I tried to make light of the few bites I received. I looked at Grizz trying to decide how to deal with him. He was chuckling at me like it was all a big joke.
As I looked past Grizz, I noticed the secondary door slowly creaking open with a delicate white webbing stretching out from inside and loosely connected to the inner top corner of the door. A long, thin insect leg, with bristly short hairs, slowly stepped out of the darkness. Before I could warn him, a spider sprang forth and pounced onto Grizzs back, knocking him off balance and slamming his face to the ground. Evon, do something! I cried.
Evon flew out of my ear and shot three small shimmering bright white stars at the spider. The shots sounded like the striking of three small chimes. The spider immediately fell backwards onto its back, its long legs nervously shaking for a moment. The beast broke open, as its innards were torn apart and it physically turned inside out. Grizz took his eyes off it for a moment to look at me. Grizz removed his helmet and his sweaty long hair was out of place and flattened. Screwing up his angry face, Grizz shouted, Yuck! His comical comment was appropriate, then he placed his helmet back on his head and again he was all business. Grizz decided to reach forth and take hold of one of the twitchy spider legs. He pulled the spider out of the chamber and swung it out to the floor before the Zandith Crockmior life boat.
I noticed other spider legs moving in a slow predatorial fashion as though they too were ready to pounce from the chamber at any moment. I quickly signaled Grizz and alerted him of the rising danger behind him. Wiping his head from left to right, Grizz examined his surroundings with a shake of the willies before he hustled near to me and kept a cautious eye out for any more insect surprise attacks.
Were you able to do that all along? I asked the sertz.
OF COURSE, LORDSHIP. THROUGH THE DICTATORSHIP OF OUR LAWS, AND THE SPECIFICATIONS OF OUR SITUATION HAVING NO CONTACT OR EVEN KNOWING EXISTENCE OF A THRUSTLE-T PROTECTORATE, I HAVE JURISDICTION TO USE MY CAPABILITIES AS THRUSTLE-T SUPREMACY. Evon explained in its odd fashion.
Its disgusting. Dont do it again. I gave the little sertz a wry look. Well we can't stay out here any longer. Evon, how do we board the life-boat?
BY LETTING ME KNOW YOUR WISH TO ENTER THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR LIFE-BOAT, MASTER, I CAN REFER THE MESSAGE ON AND THE LIFE-BOAT WILL RECEIVE YOU ITSELF.
Well, we want to climb aboard now. I told Evon with the expectance it should have already figured that out.
THERE IS NO CLIMBING INVOLVED, AS I SAID, THE LIFE-BOAT WILL RECEIVE YOU. The life-boat stopped eating its honey bee and let its half eaten carcass fall to the floor. It turned toward us and flapped its wings. With a buzzing vibrance, the wasp like vehicle flew into the air a short distance and landed right in front of us. It leaned forward and slurped me up into its mouth.
Ed-man. No!!! I could hear Grizz say outside. I climbed into the cock-pit and told the life-boat to rise into the air.
Grizz charged forward and tried to slash at the life-boat with his blades. Luckily, the life-boat reacted to my command as fast as it did. Grizz, I am safe within the wasp. I spoke from the cock-pit, but my words were repeated from the life-boats mandibles. This insect is a vessel which will save our butts and get us out of here, now just trust me.
Grizz still had a skeptical look in his eye. Poke your head out of the mouth and wave to me and I might consider it. Grizz needed to be sure he wasn't being tricked into agreeing to be food for anyone or anything.
The life-boat Zandith Crockmior kept its place near the ceiling and opened its mouth wide. I hung the upper portion of my body out and waved to Grizz. Grizz held a thumb up at me just as I felt myself slide a little. It felt as though I was off balance and about to fall out. The wasp head of the life-boat slurped me back up again and as it did so, I gave Grizz a thumbs up in return. The inside of the life-boat carried the odor of fresh bug kill.
Another explosion occurred and a portion of the ceiling fell away crushing many bugs below under glowing crystals and rocks. Morning sunlight poured in through the newly made hole to the cave. Grizz backed up into an empty insect chamber to keep safe from rocks collapsing from above. More explosions rocked the mountain from the aggressive military outside. The large hole in the ceiling broke further as it widened. The alien constructed pillars crumbled and toppled to the floor. With a loud crack, the mountain side crumbled and fell into the cave. Wider rays of sunlight streamed in through the dust and penetrated the darkness. Insects began escaping to the surface through the large open ceiling. I brought the life-boat down over Grizz and tried to direct the life-boat to suck him up into its mouth. Grizz was actually very co-operative, but the problem was the sharp studs and blades of his cast iron armor. They were getting hooked, into the mandibles and maxillae where the armor was cutting into them. The life-boat was unable to get its mouth around Grizz so it carried him out of the cave in its long legs. The gaping entrance of the cave was full of hot dust and sulphur from the explosions. Forcefully, the Zandith Crockmior life-boat muscled its way free from its open tomb. Escaping along with us through the sun lit opening were the swarm of large honey bees and mosquitoes.
Outside, foot soldiers were running from the area. The humans seemed to be in a mad rush to leave. RAH-66 Comanche helicopters dragged ropes from their bellies as a last chance for the foot soldiers to grab hold and escape. Many soldiers were able to grab onto the ropes and get hoisted away, but many more were left behind. 
The strong and penetrating golden light of the morning sun exposed the life-boat in its true magnificent wasp form. Crawling out of the cave the new Zandith Crockmior stretched and tested its wings. The wings buzzed to life emitting a soft blue glow before we took to flight. The RAH-66 Comanche helicopters moved fast in a western heading. The soldiers who were left behind tried to shoot at the large insects occasionally but they seemed to be confused or unfocused. I realized the only reason for the hasty retreat and the lack of professionalism carried out by the soldiers was due to an order for the entire area to be evacuated for quarantine, and this particular medicine of quarantine would come in the shape of a nuclear pill. It was the only solution, logical to me. 
A careful visual sweep of the surrounding mountainous horizon confirmed my suspicions. I spotted a sliver above the horizon in the east. It was a B2 Stealth Bomber, and it was approaching fast. Though it wasnt easy to see at such a distance, I knew it was the B2 Stealth Bomber. I knew it in my heart. Such an air-craft could carry 40,000 lbs of weapons, precision guided munitions, gravity bombs and a range of maritime weapons. B-61 and B-83 nuclear MK 84 conventional bombs and the B61-11 which was an earth penetrating nuclear bomb. Also AGM-129 Advanced cruise missiles and it has two rotary launcher bomb rack assemblies.
I made the Zandith Crockmior life-boat fly as fast as it could toward the ocean. Though the regular way to get a life-boat into the air was supposed to be gradual, the life-boat, surprisingly, flew very well. Grizz, also, did not complain while he hung from the legs of the giant wasp.
I caught up to the retreating Comanche helicopters. I was not worried about fighting them or slowing down for anything and neither were they. Our main goal was to simply escape the blast of the nuclear missile. Don't ask any questions, Grizz. The life-boat spoke my words down to Grizz. Just close your eyes. A silloughette of dragonfly looking helicopters along with one great wasp momentarily disappeared from sight as the blinding flash lit up from behind. Lifting higher into the atmosphere, I intended to escape the nuclear blast. The sound trailing behind a massive shock-wave hit us later, but the helicopters lost power and control and fell out of the sky. When the shock-wave finally hit us it was not so powerful. It was like a car lightly bumping us from behind.
I told Evon to direct the life-boat to the Knolix Island. The sertz was more than willing to do so, since it had practice directing my hickoop to the Island from the cave many times in the past.

The giant wasp spiraled as it flew down to the Island, glowing wings almost humming a down scale melody. Below us, the Island seemed so peaceful, its cone shape jutting out of the ocean looked like a volcano with the top blown off. This technological Island was the last remaining object of priority to be destroyed before I tried to enter the Genation nebula.
I landed the Zandith Crockmior in the opening at the top of the mountain. The life-boat let Grizz to the ground from its long insect legs. When the Zandith Crockmior stabilized its landing, it released me out through its mouth. There, we found the area was an open helicopter landing pad. Closed garage ports encircled the landing area. The closed garage doors were alternated between tall doors and wide doors. According to the maps I saw of the Island, the wide doors contained helicopters and the tall doors contained large weapons which rolled out on chain linked conveyor treads. The weapons were missile launchers and rotational cannons and such.
I walked across to a wall mounted control panel. The panel was very simple looking. A red single light shone above a flat microphone receiver. Beside the red light was a sealed panel. We stepped up to it and there, a device dropped down from the ceiling and scanned Grizz and I. A heavy computerized automatic rifle was attached to the scanning eye.
Uh, oh,. I heard Grizz say from behind me.
Don't worry, nothings gonna happen. As I spoke the words to Grizz, doubt began to chill into goose bumps which ran from my head to my toes. A voice activated password was required. Genation. I provided the spoken password. The red light turned green and the sealed panel opened. Grizz and I were quickly cleared because our IDs matched those which I changed previously from the computer within the Zylrex. Again, Grizz was impressed with me though he didn't want to show it. 
I hit the bright blue button inside the now open panel and the mountain began to close up around us. An electrical charge sounded as the chamber powered up around us. With a large hiss, unseen motors groaned. The floor descended slowly. Tall side walls rose up and converged above us. When the floor lowered us one level, it stopped. Vertical fluorescent tube lights flashed to life and lit the once dark, spacious chamber. At the lower level, we stood amongst four elevators, north, south, east, and west.
Which one? Grizz wasn't sure how we would choose.
It makes no difference which elevator we take, they all take us down from here. I hit the call button and a small screen on the panel lit up and read, LEVEL 1-AA ACCESS REQUIRED. Grizz and I tried all of the elevators, to find only one responded. When the doors slid open, Grizz and I entered, leaving the wasp-like Zandith Crockmior standing at the center of the landing pad as though it was watching us go with sad insect eye clusters.

The elevator doors slid open and we were among humans in white lab coats. Hostile heavy armament hung from the ceiling and had their sights locked on the people. Two dead bodies were on the floor with steam rising out of the eight inch wide hole through their chests.
The sense of tension was thick as each of the five living men stood erect with fear trembling in their eyes. Sweat dripped from their fore-heads, as they were too scared to breath much less say anything. I noticed the eyes of the men shift from the sensitive automated guns to us, their faces red and large veins throbbing over their necks and fore-heads.
I leaned toward Grizz, You'd better stay here, I'll take care of this. Grizz folded his arms and watched me as I entered the computer facility. Don't mind me. I told the humans, I will only be a moment. Sitting on a chair in front of a computer terminal, I nudged a human to the side with a wave of my hand. I did not want him within arms reach of my work area. The small servo motors of a weapon whirled and spun as it altered its position to keep the human in its sights.
A synthesized voice snorted a gusty growl at the man who I nudged. YOU ARE IN DIRECT VIOLATION OF PENALTY CODE 416. MOVE AGAIN AND YOU WILL BE DESTROYED.
Touchy, isn't it? was my snarky remark, though it did not seem funny to the targeted human.
My fingers danced over the key board of the computer as I made certain no doors or elevators would be closed off to me. I found it odd how the computer would require a higher security code clearance. My previous efforts with the computer should have been more than adequate to grant me access to any of the four elevators. Unless there was someone on the Island who was free and busy trying to deny me access to its secrets, any other possibility didn't seem clear. Grizz offered his assistance to beef up our security measures. He tapped into the Islands entire intercom system. You are listening to the voice of Grizz, the human turned guinea pig for this Islands twisted experiments. I am mostly volk now, thanks to you, and I have returned with my brother, Eddy Evon. You may have some misconceptions that you can keep us here but I am telling you right now, this Island belongs to us! I dropped my hands away from the key board a moment to look at Grizz. He shot a glance back at me and I returned a smile of approval. He tightened his grip on the receiver before he continued, You are our prisoners. I have only one rule; do as we command! You already know the consequences.
After switching off the intercom, I tried one last time to quickly scan through the system and find who else might be on line. Almost immediately, I found someone was tampering with the ID alterations I made. Within seconds I found someone tried to break my security password, but they were using number sequences. Knowing it would take the person forever to hack the code I abandoned the computer terminal. Grizz and I marched, side-by-side, to the elevator at the other end of the room.
You do realize we came in through the other elevator. Grizz whispered.
I am aware of that, thank you, Grizz. Grizz huffed as I spoke the pass word into the elevator call panel. Genation. Once we stepped into the elevator, we turned around to face the five humans, still quivering in their places. The doors slid shut and Grizz and I were on our way to the heart of the Knolix Island.

I felt a chill of suspense run through me when I felt the elevator slow to a stop. The doors hushed open to a long hallway. Red rotating lights were lined down the hallway along the ceiling. A distant voice kept repeating, THIS IS A RESTRICTED AREA... THIS IS A RESTRICTED AREA.
Walking through the hall, Grizz pointed at the bullet holes which were scattered along the walls. What happened here? he wondered.
If you are wondering how I know my way around this place, it is because I have been here before.
So have I. Grizz muttered under his breath.
The hallway came to an end and we found ourselves in a familiar lab. The research laboratory was the same white room I had driven my car through before. It was a spacious high walled warehouse with broken beakers, Bunsen burners, test tubes, computers, scanning equipment and other utilities which were not familiar to me. Skid marks from my tire treads were still seen documenting the path I took when I first went through the place. A few bodies were laying lifelessly on the floor. They received the same grievous fate as the others. Those who still stood in fear were mostly Knolix agents dressed in ordinary white lab coats.
I remembered the computer map revealing a hidden door to the room. I searched behind computers and filing cabinets, before I found the hidden door behind a vending machine.
I spoke, Genation. into the panel and the door opened for us, sliding the vending machine to the side with it. Grizz and I stepped in and noticed levels of computers and fancy equipment. I realized I was within the brain chamber of the Knolix Island which had been monitoring me and Grizz all our lives.
The chamber was dimly lit with blue and green lights from a complex structure hanging from the ceiling. It shone down over the master computer system. There, I saw monitors with skyward satellite perspectives. The monitors depicted profiles of the people from the small town. There were charts of my anatomy, extensive detailed studies on my DNA, and relative comparisons between me, or volks, Ornocks and humans.
The entire area seemed evacuated. There was Eddy data, Gastonish data, alien data. As I entered in further I noticed a large cage with huge thick bars all around it. I saw a sign above the heavy metal door which read EDDY. I looked into a small window on the door. The room seemed like a very clean, but bland prison cell. The cell was prepared for me, with my name on it. Hung beside the cell door was my old axe from my days as a logger. I took it down from the wall and palmed it in my grip letting memories fill my thoughts. Grizz began to take an interest in my ax. I remembered Hal and lifted the axe to re-hang it on the wall.
A clang of metal against metal was heard from a level above us, like spare change or keys falling to the floor. What was that? Grizz whispered lifting his head at the sound.
I changed my mind about hanging my axe back on the hooks and kept it in hand, Lets find out. We headed up the metal stairs to the second level. My acute senses detected movement at a work station. Telepathically I touched an intelligence. This was the mole who was hacking the system. Sure enough, hiding under the desk of yet another computer terminal was a Knolix agent. I grabbed him and lifted him up. What are you doing here? I asked, placing the blade of my axe to his throat.
Uh, um... nothn. the agent quivered in fear. I moved the axe away from his throat and plopped him down into his chair.
I don't buy it. announced Grizz with an eye of dangerous judgement.
Neither do I. If you were doing nothing then why is your computer on? I examined the screen and saw this was the human trying to break my code. Having trouble gaining access are we? the agent spoke not a word believing anything he said would be used against him. Answer me, and you would be wise not to lie...
Still, the human did not answer for he was frozen with fear. I lifted my axe over my head to chop the lap top computer in half. The agent thought I was about to split him in two as he shut his eyes tightly, but I did not drop my axe at all as I heard something else, a slight muffle of static coming from the speakers of the lap top. I lowered the axe and turned up the volume. I punched a few keys of another computer and found the Knolix agent had been listening in on military frequencies. 'Clever human.' I thought. I linked the network through the intercom so we could listen to the military report as it unfolded.
...is recorded time of impact. spoke an officers voice broken with static. Repeat, direct hit. Factor and targeted site destroyed. Situation successful and secured.
I stooped low to get in the agents face. I found you. That is very unlucky for you. I could literally hear the humans heart pounding in his chest. I stood up and began to walk away. Bring him with us.
My pleasure. Grizz spoke as he moved in on the agent.
We put the agent into the prison cell which was meant for me. I listened to the military frequency as I passed around the room trying to strategically stay one step ahead in my thoughts. Grizz searched a few more levels to find more hiding agents.
I walked around a huge computer which was in the center of the floor. I found six chambers for the use of freezing. All of the freezing facilities were open and none were functional except for one. I wiped some of the frost away from the glass and looked inside. There, frozen solid within the freezing chamber was an Ornock. These people had an actual alien body in their possession. I suppose they used it to make comparisons between the alien and myself.
Grizz approached me from behind and peered over my shoulder. This place should be burned.
I agree. I told him. I wanted to destroy it all right then and there. We will burn it. I am trying to get us to the Islands power source. We can blow this place up from the inside. The agent in the cell began to pound on the sound proof glass. He seemed to be shouting. I tapped a button on the door to hear what he had to say. What is it? I asked knowing it was possible he had vital information but not expecting it.
I could not break your code. the agent answered.
I know. I answered him with a telepathic suggestion where he was hiding something.
I am not a very good hacker so breaking the code was just a waste of time for me. Instead, I accessed some secret files, code; Dainna, and brought the volk soldiers on line. I suggest you let me out of here to shut them down if you want to survive. the young agent became cocky.
You threatening me? I don't believe you. I brushed him off, knowing he was telling me the truth. I am the only volk on this Island.
These are clones. he spoke with a thicker sense of attitude, like I was too stupid to figure it out. Check if you don't believe me. I've programmed their mission objectives to target both you and Domin. not only did he challenge me, he really wanted me to call his bluff. As crazy and unbelievable as his threat sounded, I knew it was all true.
My name is, Grizz, you little smart ass! The echo of Grizzs voice boomed through the chamber like thunder.
So what. I told the agent confidently, I have changed the ID and subject codes. We're safe.
They were not changed when I accessed the Dainna files.
Realization hit me how the Dainna files may not have been affected by the files of the Knolix system. The Dainna files could have been separate files. I immediately tapped into the nearest computer and searched the files for Dainna.
So what does Dainna stand for? Could it be DNA? I wondered out loud.
Hence, volk clones. These are the most dangerous of our military's bad boys. informed the bratty agent. The file was found almost instantly, and a feeling of dread purged my veins. It was not part of the Knolix files. They were independent files and were not affected by my alterations. The cloned volk soldiers were loose and hunting Grizz and I. They knew our identities and they could track us through the computers surveillance system. I only hoped they hadn't found us yet. It was too late for me to change ID and subject codes again and I would need more time to undertake such an extensive job. We should not have come back to the Knolix Island. To keep the game interesting, I altered the computers tracking system. I told the computer, Grizz and I were on the west side of the Islands surface. All I had to do was wait for the clone soldiers to move out in the other direction before we continued. It was imperative we avoided accidentally crossing paths with even one cloned volk soldier.
A scuffle of words seemed to be exchanged over the military band through the intercom. Negative sir... Negative we have confirmation from our Comanche helicopter battalion. Something may have survived and has headed out to sea...
What was it, Consort One? Did they get any sort of identity?... 
Bogy was positively unidentified, sir... But it was spotted heading out in the direction of the Knolix project at 14:36, pacific time...
...We have lost contact with the Island... came a response with a grievous sense of dread.
A loud banging was heard in the distance of the chamber and it sounded like it was coming from inside the lab. I feared my efforts at the computer terminal were too little, too late.
Hey, don't leave me here! the agent shouted. Let me out!
I rose from the computer and took my ax. If this data is true, you'll be safer in there. I hit the button preventing sound from escaping the cell. 
We turned and fled from the chamber to investigate the noise. Something heavy hammered on the elevator door. It was not the elevator we came from, but it was the elevator I planned to use next. Grizz ran out of the chamber and stopped just as the elevator door was kicked in by an eight foot tall volk. His face looked exactly like mine. He was dressed in black and grey military camouflage, specifically sized for his massive volk build. A black communication device was attached to his right ear with a red glowing eye which covered his right eye. In his hands, the volk cloned soldier held an inhumanly large rifle, designed specifically for this volk's size and strength.
The volk soldier immediately locked his sights on Grizz and began firing its lethal weapon. I reached out and grabbed Grizz, before I pulled him back into the chamber and out of the path of the rapid firing missile / bullets. 
Something happened, I could see it in Grizzs eyes when he found some reason to be smiling and excited. I was worried he was going mad. 
Pulling out his oversized yo-yo, while comfortably leaning up against the wall, Grizz let the large yo-yo unravel and fall only to recoil itself once more and return to his hand.
The clone soldier was very accurate and careful not to shoot the scientists. The pounding shots ceased followed by a spooky silence. Grizz was about to swing around the corner with his yo-yo but I stopped him, Back me up. I quietly slunk up to the opening of the chamber. When I saw the end of the weapons barrel quickly swinging around the corner, I chopped it with my ax. The clone soldier did what it was programmed to do and pulled the trigger. The weapon exploded in the volk soldiers hands and blackened the clones front, scaring one of the scientists. The scientist ducked behind a desk and one of the automatic rifles from the ceiling began to fire. It shredded the desk and a pool of blood leaked out from behind it. 
The other scientists closed their eyes and stiffened their arms at their sides. Its time I put the hurt on! Grizz came around from behind me and struck the dazed cloned volk right between the eyes with his yo-yo. The large round heavy yo-yo was solid. It retracted only to be sent out again by the strength of the Blackguards throw. The blunt object struck the creature in the chest. Backing up a few steps, the clone was rattled. It reached up and touched the impact area of his chest. I swung my axe at the clone, but the clone was amazingly fast and dodged my attack with a crouching spin. The thick blade of my axe chopped deeply into the wall. I swung again pulling the axe back the other way, but the clone volk caught my axe and tried to pry it from my grip. We lifted the axe above our heads and wrestled for it. I felt like I stepped into a mirror and was fighting myself.
I drove my fore head into the red glowing eye piece, shattering it. The volk clone whaled with a deep synthesized voice, Augh!
A quick telepathic link turned up nothing as I was unable to make contact. I suspected the cloned volk was being controlled remotely somehow. Tugging and heaving, locked in arms with the cloned volk soldier, I tried to out muscle him as we pulled each other around, when I realized the clone had a capacity to learn, and mimicked my actions only it swung me into a large wall mounted computer. Sparks, electricity and little bits of machinery bit into my back. The cloned volk was like a thoughtless machine which made it stronger than me. Grizz silently approached the cloned volk from behind with his gauntlet blades ready to attack but the cloned volk jabbed its leg out and caught Grizz in the stomach. The impact of the kick caused Grizz to fall backwards onto some lab equipment. Catching sight of electrical wires strapped together and running along the wall above my head, I forced the clone to swing the metal axe above our heads toward the bundle of heavy electrical wires. Letting go, I persuaded the cloned volk to chop into the cables. The arms of the cloned volk stretched high over his head as the axe chopped into the conduit. Thin gnarly electrical bolts reached from the damaged wires and shot through the charged metal ax. The hands of the cloned volk smoked from the six hundred volts which forced it to tighten its grip. Convulsing with relentless spasms, the cloned volk accidentally jerked the axe free from the thick electrical cables. He looked at me with a gaping mouth and stunned expression as something in its open mouth sizzled and a trail of smoke rose out lazily. The electrical shock had permanently stunned the brain dead cloned volk as a spark flew from the devise attached to its head. All power to the lab was cut and everything went black. 
For fear of the evil cloned volk returning to life, in the darkness, I kicked it in the crotch but pain did not seem to register in the clones reaction. When all was in darkness, I heard the sound of the cloned volk soldier collapse to the floor with a heavy sprawling tumble. Soft emergency lights broke out through our level and when Grizz could see, he moved in swiftly, sliding along the floor he jabbed a blade into the mind control devise which was surgically attached to the cloned volk's head. Grizz seemed to know something about the mind control devise, as though he had some experience with it in the past. When he did this, the broken lensed light of the eye piece went out and the cloned volk soldier was defeated.
Pushing a lab technician out of his way, Grizz thought nothing of how the automated security system might threaten the man for moving. When the technician was off balance, he took two steps and closed his eyes tight as he waited for the automated ceiling rifles to shoot him dead. Realizing the power outage had disabled the automated function, the technician ran off. 
Many of the people who were captured by the Knolix Island's security system realized the electrical grid had shut down the defenses with the power outage so they tried to escape. Other technicians throughout the Island, brave enough to make a break for freedom, did so with urgency though most of the others remained still for fear of the system coming back on line and shooting them dead.
Sure enough, the power was restored when the system timed out and both automatically reset and selected a new alternative power route. The elevators came back online, as did lights and computers. The security system was re-established to its default program, so Eddy and Grizz found themselves to be targeted.
The drop down ceiling rifles lifted back into their compartments except for the ones which swivelled around to target Grizz and I. Freeze! Relinquish your weapons, you have twenty seconds to comply. The flat metallic voice of the turrets were hostile as the agents who saw what had happened began to cheer. Grizz moved fast, stretching out his arm and clothes lining me off my feet. The two of them rolled in behind the protective wall of the hidden computer room. The vending machine outside was blown to bits as the rifles unloaded mercilessly. 
Within the computer room, where it was safe, I quickly re-entered my previous security system over ride. The cheering humans were silenced when they had to freeze in position once again.

I looked at Grizz and we thought we were safe, until four more cloned volk soldiers appeared from the electrical elevator. We were immediately under attack by their loud and powerful rapid fire rocket machine guns. Tossing a smoke bomb at the feet of the cloned volks, Grizz temporarily blinded them. Fearlessly, Grizz charged at them. Moving swiftly into the center of the group of clones, Grizz quickly went to work disarming the volk soldiers with incredible speed. I raced in at the cloned volk soldiers right behind Grizz. Not one lethal shot was fired as Grizz twisted and broke a clone volk's hand at a trigger, his foot shot out and kicked a rifle out of another clone volk's grip.
Managing to deflect a couple rocket bullets with my wide double bladed axe, I fought off the other two cloned volk soldiers. Together, Grizz and I were able to take the four cloned volk soldiers down. Spinning, I delivering sever blows from a back spin elbow to one of their faces and my knee to the other's gut.
With a deep breath, the cloned volk soldier, who was kneed in the stomach, let out a deep spine shaking roar of synthesized vocals before it drove itself into Grizz. Grizz may have been able to jump out of the beasts path, but he chose not to. As the freak raised its head, Grizz punched wildly. He struck it in the head and stomach again and again. Despite the lesions caused by Grizzs furious attack, the cloned volk continued to rise returning for more punishment. As the cloned volk drew his arm back with his hand balled into a fist, Grizz continued to pound away causing the clone to shake under every powerful strike. The cloned volks fist came whistling through the air like a missile. Grizz was hit with the full force of the pile driving volk arms which caused him to be thrown backwards into a counter which was cluttered with glass vials and scientific equipment. 
Grizz, growling in rage, leaped off the counter. He seemed to fly through the air to the cloned volk. I saw some blood on Grizzs back below his upper armored plating. These wounds were caused from the broken glass vials.
A gun shot fired. The troopers, possibly cloned soldiers, were approaching. With a mighty tear, Grizz ripped the mechanism from the side of the clones skull. The cloned volk fell to the ground like a lifeless shell. My heavy breathing quickly returned to normal.
Grizz saved my life. 
Grizz noticed, by the way Eddy was screwing up his face, he had some sort of problem, What's the matter with you? Grizz's attitude seemed typical for a brother.
The volks have my face... We killed them... This is wrong... Isn't it? I told him, I'm not sure of our moral choice to kill them. What if we meet more of them? We need to be sure if we can or cannot help them, to liberate them from the forced mind control.
The mind control devices on their heads are doing all the thinking for them. What the scientists of this God for saken Island have done is created brain dead volks for only one reason, to kill. We are in a situation here; Kill or be killed. If there were some way to help the clone volks then we would. If you know how to help them then we will. Do you know how? spoke the voice of, Grizz, a true warrior.
Much of the anger and violence Grizz carried around inside himself was due to the side effects from the volk transplant surgeries he underwent as an infant. I felt partially responsible for the consequences linked to my existence in this world. I vowed, silently to myself, to return the favour and save this person, I would save him as he had saved me and I would take him with me to the Genation nebula. I was clinging to the hope, somehow, if I could take him to the Ied era, he could be cured. 
From yet another quick attempt to link my mind to one of the cloned volk soldiers, I found what I did not want to accept, they were all thoughtless volks. You are right, Grizz. There is no saving them. I said in a breath as I also realized, this was how they had gone undetected from my telepathy all this time.
I stood up straight taking in a fresh lung full of air before we walked to the open elevator. We had to step over the fallen elevator doors. Using the password, Genation, the elevator took us to the next lower level. The next level we headed to was supposed to be the highest level of security. If there were more secrets to the Island, Grizz and I would find them soon.
The elevator stopped and a hiss was sounded for the doors to open even though the doors were no longer attached. The lower level had power and as I looked out upon the unoccupied garage port, I felt a sense of relief. Somewhere in a dark place of my mind where I keep my nightmares, I expected the level to be swarming with husky cloned volk soldiers who craved our immediate demise.
The garage port was like a parkade with multiple small vehicles aligned in rows. Each vehicle was parked in its own stall and plugged into a wall mounted electrical charger. The tiny cars were variations in style but all resembled smart cars. A couple small electrical street bikes, were parked near a bus-like tram of three sections.
What are these? Grizz turned away slightly as though the sight of the smart cars repulsed him.
They're vehicles to get around within this vast Island. According to the maps, the lower levels are more complex with an intricate tunnel system. I clarified humorously, You didn't expect these humans to walk, did you? 
You think this little car is going to make my head look big? Grizz asked me as he tore the roof off a smart car and jumped in. With the press of a button, and the spoken password of Genation, the car started and drove. 
I started the street bike, answering, Your big head makes your head look big. The motor bike was near impossible for me to navigate as it was tiny. A Honda fifty was small even for a human. I felt if I ever wanted to get a job at a circus, I would just have to ride one of these things around and my routine would be a hit because I looked ridiculous on it.
'Ding!' The elevator doors chimed before they opened. The elevator was stuffed with cloned volk soldiers who filtered out blasting their rocket rifles. Next to the open elevator, the door to the stairwell opened and countless more cloned volks ran in toward Grizz and myself. We turned tail to escape the pursuing cloned volk soldiers right away.
The rubber of our wheels squealed as we peeled out leaving a cloud of burned rubber behind us. I noticed, not only were the cloned volk soldiers looked like me, but they were all younger versions of myself.
Rapid fire rocket bullets exploded behind us as the cloned volks started the chase. If they weren't driving after us on the smart cars, or street bikes, they were trying to hold onto the tram or chase after us on foot. Able to run extremely fast, the cloned volk soldiers were able to keep up on foot to those who drove vehicles.
The voices crackled through on the two way radio of the smart car for Grizz, and through the helmet fitted microphone for myself as I dwarfed the metallic red street bike. 
... Having trouble establishing contact, sir...
Could the unidentified flying object have been a missile?...
We cannot be sure, sir... According to its rate of speed, it must have reached the Knolix Island by now...
Out on the tunnel roads, security rifles hung from the ceilings. The vehicles were shut down and the unassaulted drivers remained still in their seats. With all of the traffic disabled, the roads were grid locked. 
The uni-mind behind the cloned volk's thoughts had also enabled the cloned volks to start any vehicle they wanted with pre-authorized passwords. A high speed car chase came into play with clone volks driving street bikes, smart cars and one long rubber tired tram.
Where traffic came to a complete stop, Grizz locked up his breaks and slid right into an agent's smart car. When the agent's car was jostled, the security system interpreted the action as a hostile act and opened fire. The small engine hood was riddled with smoking decimation.
Grizz, however, was not targeted. I had moved on ahead of Grizz as I took to the shoulder of the tunnel. I didn't get far as one of the humans who was stuck in the traffic jam opened the door to his stretched smart car limousine. Striking the vehicle door, the little Honda fifty came to an immediate stop as I was thrown down the tunnel a short distance. 
Running behind me on the shoulder of the tunnel highway, Grizz came up fast. The clone volk soldiers fired their rocket bullets blowing up vehicles and blasting out a stony far wall. Though Grizz slapped himself against the curved tunnel's wall, he and I fell to the opening as the rocks came tumbling down. Grizz fell right out the hole as the rock support gave way down the cliff side of the steep Island's mountain wall. I reached out and grabbed Grizz by his arm while stabilizing a firm hold on a short metal interior guard railing.
For a moment, as the dust and smoke thinned in the ocean wind, we looked out recognizing the shore line far below. Waves crashed up the beaches to the volcanic rock berms. Though strenuous and slow going, I managed to hoist Grizz back up to the inner road.
Before the smoke cleared enough to see and the cloned volk soldiers detected us, Grizz and I broke into the first emergency door we could find. The galloping sounds of the clone volk soldiers approaching was very close. With both, my shoulder and Grizz's, we rammed our way in through a door which brought us to the Island's electrician's shop.
Closing the door behind us and barricading it, Grizz and I waited to hear the sound of the cloned volk soldiers running past. The sound of their custom issued military boots seemed to go on forever as there was a great multitude of them.
When Grizz and I were certain none of the cloned volk soldiers would find us, we turned around and made our way through the Island electrician's shop. With a start, Grizz and I responded alertly to the sound of a clunk followed by a sizzle sound. Cautiously, we began to move forward. Around us were bins of microchips, fuses, wire and tool boxes. We moved out through the shop, looking at some of the incomplete electrical projects on the work tables.
Outside the shop were large fuel station tanks of gas or diesel. Oxygen, acetylene and propane were unsafely stored and chained to the walls. Various torches and arc welders were not far from a large heavy duty mechanics shop.
Again, the nerve rattling sound of tools being handled was heard briefly, followed by silence. As Grizz and I quietly and cautiously walked through the mechanics shop, we were amazed by the size of some of the tools. We each lifted some of the instruments and realized they were not created for human use as they were just too big.
Both Grizz and I had the eerie feeling, we were not alone. Moving on, we really wanted to find out who or what we were up against. Passing by above ground fresh water tanks and Janitorial supplies such as various soaps and detergents, Grizz and I were attracted to the clean smells. We were in a laundry room, where lab coats and cover-alls were washed with large machines. Touching the clean clothes which hung on portable clothes hangers. Grizz and I were reminded of when we hid within a garbage dumpster. We looked and listened for other people and decided, it was safe for the entire Island was in security lock down. We each wiped ourselves down and put on some cover-alls.
Grizz had to remove his armour and put on clean coveralls before he put his armour back on.
A hissing sound almost made Grizz and I jump right out of our skins as we turned around quickly to locate where the noise came from. We soon found it was the sound of compressed flammable gas.
Not far, from where we had changed, Grizz and I saw two filthy mechanic clone volks tinkering with machinery. Again, they were a splitting image of me. It was there in the heavy duty, internal lowest level, mechanics shop of the Knolix Island, where Grizz and I discovered a couple of cloned volks who were not warriors at all but mechanics for heavy lifting jobs and monkey wrenching. 
Their names were Andy and Wally. I knew this because I could read the name tags of their dirty cover-alls. Neither of the two mechanic volks acknowledge our presence. Andy wore a dark welder mask as he welded large metal parts together. Wally was bent down under a large yellow painted nine fifty loader as he worked a large socket wrench and tightened up some three inch nuts. Beside Wally, on the floor, was an open metal lunch box. A fork was sticking out of some half eaten clone volk food stuff which looked like grey cake.
Behind the busy mechanics, suspended from a forty foot high overhead crane was a monumental motor. Held by thick chains, it seemed to float over the center of the shop.
Grizz wanted to speak to the cloned mechanic volks, as he figured they were likely not as dangerous as the cloned soldier volks.
Ahem! Grizz cleared his throat loudly as he tried to get the mechanic volk's attention. AHEM!!! he tried again only much louder this time, but the results were not any different. As usual, Grizz did not know when to give up, Hey! You monkey wrench'n baboons, turn around and look at me! I wann'a talk to ya!
The welder turned off and the wrenching stopped. Grizz and I stood ready for the worst with eager anticipation. Andy lifted his welding mask and looked at us, as did Wally after climbing out from under the loader. Each of the volk mechanics had one blue glowing mechanical eye attached to mind control devices at the side of their heads. They sneered at us before they turned away again, neglecting our presence and resuming their work projects.
They sure are dedicated, Grizz. I commented lightly.
Grizz snorted with a shrug of his shoulders. He did not like being ignored. Thundering forward, Grizz pulled the welding mask off Andy as I tugged wally out from under the loader. To our surprise, Andy lit up his welder in Grizz's face aggressively and Wally struck me across the chin with his wrench. Striking me with the first blow was a big mistake.
Grizz kicked Andy away which backed the large volk up to his tool bench. He reached back for something from his tool bench so Grizz pulled out his samurai swords. When Andy came forward he was holding a gas powered circular angle grinder.

I staggered back when my head was jarred from being struck by the wrench. Instinctively, I lifted my axe only to find Wally holding his super-sized sledge hammer offensively. 
How was Grizz and I to predict these two volks would be the most dangerous of all the cloned Eddy's?
Wally swung his abnormally large hammer out and let it drop and swing out behind him to gain momentum before he followed through lifting the sledge high over his head. Using all of his muscles, Wally drove the heavy sledge hammer down to destroy me.
Swooping the wide blade of my axe upward, I defensively protected myself. The edge of my axe met the solid head of Wally's huge sledge hammer. Not only did the sledge hammer win, and send my double bladed axe back at me, he also chipped my blade. As my axe bounced back toward me dangerously close to a severe chop, I rolled with it. When the momentum of my axe began moving past me, I shifted my weight again which put a swing on my outstretched arms and sending my axe back around for an ultimate death blow.
Somehow, Wally predicted this move as he was ready to block it as I moved in. This time, my axe came to an instant stop at Wally's sledge hammer. With a quick maneuver, Wally hooked the inner blade of my axe with the handle of his hammer and yanked it clear from my grip.

Grizz threw his swords around with his sharp edges shimmering in a confusing dance of storming blades. Andy was not intimidated by the random skill of Grizz's sword's play. With the loud gas powered angle grinder in a buzz, Andy used it to cut at Grizz's swords. Whenever the blade of the swords met the diamond cutting edge of the heavy duty powered grinder, the swords would be kicked back in a shower of sparks. This frustrated Grizz and his anger escalated, but no matter how angry Grizz became, Andy just kept coming. With two big swings of the angle grinder, Andy managed to knock the swords out of Grizz's grip one after the other.
Glancing down at the weapons he wore at his belt, Grizz determined he did not have what it took to defeat the powerful angle grinder. Andy jumped toward Grizz, but Grizz conducted a perfect back flip landing on his feet. Finding he was amongst the hanging laundry, Grizz took a pair of mechanics coveralls from the rack and whipped them out at the angle grinder. Instantly, the high powered grinder grabbed hold of the clothing and it spun onto the circular grinding disk. The grinder seized up and Grizz was right on top of Andy dropping a heavy volk fist of fury. 
SLAM!!!
Grizz was sure good at being bad.

Wally lifted his huge sledge hammer over his head with a blank robotic expression as he prepared to finish me. A lucky random rocket bullet shot, or at least lucky for me, hit the handle of the sledge hammer and the enlarged hammer head dropped to the floor with a heavy thud.
I rose up instantly and booted Wally hard, right in his stomach. Falling backwards clumsily, Wally smacked the back of his head along with his upper back against the loader and couldn't find his balance until he lay flat on the floor. Turning his head to frown at me, Wally reached into his open lunch box and pulled out a silver fork. Throwing the fork at me, I quickly lifted the unconscious Andy to shield myself. The little fork came twirling at me quickly, but when I lifted Andy high enough, the fork struck him just below his left eye.
I reached around and pulled the fork out of Andy's cheek bone and threw it back at Wally. This distracted Wally enough for Grizz to make his way around and get the jump on him. With a quick motion, Grizz separated the mind control devise from Wally's head. Without the mind control devise, the cloned volks were unable to think for themselves. They were like dead people.

Rocket bullets came showering in around us, shredding everything in the shop as the countless cloned volk soldiers came storming into the shop surrounding us. 
Grizz and I ducked for cover behind a cluttered tool cabinet to avoid being hit by even one of the blazing rocket bullets. Canisters of various compressed gasses exploded in the cross-fire like bombs. The explosions and rifle rockets shook the entire Knolix Island from the inside out like it was a volcano ready to explode.
Grizz found his samurai swords on the floor where he picked them up and slid them back into their holders of his belt. Next, he took hold of his grappler hook and began to unwind the rope.
What're you doing, Grizz? Through the chaos and noise, I wondered what Grizz's plan was or if he even had one.
I'm going to out in a blaze of fire and I'm taking as many of these zombie volks with me as I can. Straightening up enough to peek over the edge of the tool cabinet, Grizz saw the cloned volk soldiers were advancing quickly before he tossed his mechanical grappler hook at them.
One of the clones saw the grappler coming at him through the air and used his rifle to shield himself from it. Grizz pressed a button on his remote control ring to close the robotic fingers of the grappler. The grappler established a strong grip, clutching around the clone volk soldier's rifle. With a powerful tug, Grizz pulled the rifle to himself.
Oh, great. You have a rifle, Grizz. You know you only have a hundred others gunning for you! I didn't see how his rifle would be an advantage against the others.
Grizz looked at me with a slight, coy, shake of his head, then he looked past me at the huge motor suspended from the overhead crane, Eddy, perhaps you can learn something from me after all. Lifting his rifle, Grizz took aim and shot the chains of the crane which held the weight of the massive motor.
After Grizz did this he turned his attention on the advancing clone volks, firing off all of the ammunition the rifle was stocked with. I observed how the clone volks didn't know pain. When they had gotten shot, they didn't acknowledge their wounds or the other wounded clone volk soldiers around them. As long as their bodies were still capable of going on, they just kept coming.

Breaking free from the chains, the heavy engine dropped to the floor with a shock wave on impact where it creaked with the sound of twisting metal. The shift of weight started a momentum of movement as it rolled toward the army of cloned volk soldiers.
The shooting from the loud rifles mysteriously stopped. Grizz dropped the empty clone soldier rifle to the floor and took hold of a single samurai sword. I was empty handed and I wondered if the silence was leading to a moment of escape so I took hold of the empty rifle at my feet. I could use it to bluff a threat or treat it like it was a club. It wasn't my first choice as far as defensive weaponry goes, but it was all I could get my hands on at the moment. As Grizz and I looked to see the clone volk's situation, we found ourselves surrounded by the countless, mindless soldiers.
Beyond the crowd of blank faced clone volks, the great heavy, slow rolling motor came sauntering by and squashed a trail of cloned volk soldiers who were dumb to the dangerous incident. 
Grizz and I were captured at the center of the great crowd of clone volks. All of the clone volk soldier's rifles were pointing inward at us. I thought we should put our weapons down and lift our empty hands in humble submission of surrender, but Grizz remained still, holding stiff arms to his samurai sword. I had a telepathic sense that Grizz would soon expect us to fight rather than surrender, side by side.
Still holding my clone soldier rifle, I looked at Grizz's sword, and spoke quietly to him, I'd sure like to be holding a sword right now. Evon discretely flew out of my ear and attached to my lintin. The lintin began to glow as a ray of light shot out of the little sertz's eyes to the rifle in my hands. The heavy caliber rifle manifested it's shape to form a wide bladed sword worthy to to be welded by only a volk.
Nice trick. Grizz remarked, as he welcomed any advantage in our time of desperate survival. If you can do that, can't you disable any rifle held by the clone volks? This was our zero hour.
Perhaps Grizz's idea would work. I told Evon to disable all of the rapid fire rocket bullet rifles and the little sertz flew off to carry out my command. I saw Grizz get a look of confidence in his eyes as a half-smile grew from the corner of his mouth.
The cloned volks began squeezing the triggers of their rifles, but the rocket shots never came. Evon had managed to disable many of the clone's rifles in the near vicinity, but many cloned volks further away still held functional rifles. 
I tore off a metal door of the tool cabinet from its hinges to use as a shield. Three rocket bullets exploded from my new shield instantly. When Grizz saw this, he too tore off a door from the tool cabinet as well to shield himself from rocket bullets.
The clone volk soldiers spread out and dispersed when their rifles did not function properly, but Grizz and I did not want to let them get too far. With a shield in one hand and a sword in the other, Grizz and I went to work, slashing and striking at the clones.
He unarmed clone volks retaliated by throwing tools and bolts at us very hard and from very long distances. My new sword was hungry to make certain no clone volk would have arms enough to throw a thing. We defended ourselves well though the thrown objects became heavier projectiles and dangerously more powerful. The fast action of the clone volk soldiers kept Grizz and I from dismembering them as we could have.
Through the pummeling of metal objects, Grizz and I found a corner where we ducked behind for safety. There, Grizz gave me a little advise for the battlefield; Eddy, for a ninja, everything is a weapon. gallantly, Grizz spun around the corner and faced the clone volks. As I watched, he tossed his sword high over his head as he caught a crow bar out of the air that was meant to strike him and returned it with great force. The crow bar caught a clone volk right in his glowing red eye.
Another clone volk rushed him, but Grizz leapt into the air with a spin as he caught his sword which was falling to him from above and he thrusted it into the chest of his large volk assailant. Many other clones stood in Grizz's warpath as he carved his mark right through them with his sharp samurai sword.
A sneaky clone soldier tried to get the jump on me but my sword cut him into three red squirting pieces. The sword was great, but I felt most comfortable with my axe.
I joined my brother on the warpath, whistling my large sword at the clones at close range and kicking pieces as they were collecting in quantity at our feet. During the battle, I watched carefully to be sure where my axe ended up. I found the clones were programmed to target the volk who carried the big double bladed ax. Watching from afar, I found my theory to be true as the clone volks would take turns lifting my axe to examine it. Each time a clone volk picked up my axe, the clone volk would be targeted by one of his own cloned brothers and executed with a rocket bullet to a vital part of the body. They had no fear, no mercy and no regret.
I turned to face the sound of a motor as it started up beyond the volk soldiers. Noticing the gathering of clone volk soldiers splitting up to make room between them, I took interest as the chain-link fenced gate blew open. The heavy duty engineer mechanic volk, Wally came bounding toward me riding the same miniature Honda fifty motorcycle that I lost in the traffic jam. 
Swinging a chain with a large metal hook at the end of it, Wally thundered the short cycle by me, as he let the hook and chain out at length to strike me but I used my sword to defend myself. The chain wrapped around the sword and with Wally's powerful tug, he pulled it free from my grasp. Only, Wally pulled so hard, the sword embedded itself right into the front tire spokes of his motor cycle. The front tire seized to a complete stop and Wally was launched off the seat. Hitting his head hard on a metal I-beam, Wally sat with a few teeth missing from a dazed smile on his face. I could almost hear the chirping birds flying rings around his head.
I turned from the fallen volk engineer to ready myself for what the other clone volk soldiers were about to try.
Still wobbling with a little dizziness, Wally still rose up to go after me, especially when I was unarmed. Taking hold of the hilt of my sword from the front tire of the little motorcycle, Wally tightened his body, frowning at me like my time was up. He was going to shove my sword up through my back so hard, he would push the wide blade right out through my chest. 
I was not sure how much Grizz had seen from Wally, as Grizz was busy defending himself from another platoon. Without knowing I needed him, Grizz flew in from out of nowhere holding a large black tarp. Kicking the sword out of Wally's hand, I turned around in disbelief. The tip of the wide sword embedded itself into the wooden ceiling, fifteen feet above us.
Grizz punched Wally in the head before he wrapped him up in the black tarp then quickly winding him in a white cord, Grizz stood back a pace to admire his work.
Wally was completely covered tightly within the black tarp. Only Wally's steel toed work boots could be seen. The tarp began to move as Wally was beginning to move inside.
Grizz jumped and with both feet, he kicked Wally toward a vehicular work pit. Bouncing off the guardrails, Wally ended up sliding down the stairs to the pit, head first. Grizz chuckled at the sight of Wally's head bouncing off every step as he slid all the way to the bottom of the stairway.

As the cloned volk soldiers continued to invade the large mechanics shop, I wondered if Grizz and I would ever actually make it out. Marching upon us and our position, I began to rely on my quick thinking magician techniques of slight of hand. The clones almost cornered me as I slipped into a door to a cover all closet. There I was bombarded with a volley of fire power which peppered the metal closet construct. The blows came at close quarters, but the closet was long and I escaped from a door at the far end. The clone volks did not consider I would shimmy my way unseen, so quickly.
The assault continued on, but neither Grizz nor I were about to give up the attack. We lunged, and thrusted or swords, cutting up the clone volks like an eruption of unstoppable punishment. The clone volk soldier raid did not show signs of slowing down as I saw a steady stream of them entering the far doors. After a while my mind went into an auto pilot mode, the onslaught of fresh soldiers made no difference. I split up from Grizz as I charged up the ramps leaping to high scaffolding. At times it seemed Grizz and I were winning the battle until another group entered to strengthen their advance.
Grizz did not seem to need any assistance from me as he besieged with a professionalism I had never experienced before. Even from my untrained eye, it was obvious Grizz was using extensive fighting techniques besides his ninja training. The combination of Grizz's battle experience, training, strength and untamed rage made him the warrior storming machine he was created to be. The way we over powered the clone volk soldiers built us up with a confidence that could not be explained, only experienced.
In a sneaky manner, I kicked out the lights near and around the janitorial area. I took a rifle from a fallen clone volk and made a stop at the soap station before the rifle was returned. When the cloned volk soldier tried to use the rifle on me, only a bunch of bubbles shot out of the end of it.
Both Grizz and I used the illusion of disappearance for the sake of confusion and adding fear, though the clone volks did not have more than one emotional expression so I don't believe they knew fear. Grizz set off smoke bombs before he would vanish from sight, which was part of his ninja training. I used a simpler means whereby when I tracked a clone volk I was engaged in confrontation with, I could move behind an object and either drop down or leap up to be somewhere or nowhere that I was visually expected to be. With this method, I could get any of the clone volk soldiers to follow me. I would also use my shadow as a tool to mislead or confuse the clone volks where I could trap them or cause them to fall from a great height.
Using many of the variety of tools and power tools, Grizz had his swords put away so he could defend himself and fight with an eight foot pole. He was very comfortable with this choice of weapon, but was there a weapon Grizz couldn't handle? 
The numbers of the clone volk soldiers began to thin with the number of casualties decorating much of the mechanic's shop. Both Grizz and I paused in awe as a volk clone who was much bigger and taller than the rest came stomping toward us. With a thunder clap, the giant cloned volk cracked his enormous whip. I could only speculate of some chemical growth defect which must have occurred in the lab somehow.
Grizz made his way to me by using his nun-chucks to slide down a tight cable where he supplied me with some new advise as he recalled his intensive training; Balance, Eddy, I am watching you and you are off center a lot. Now, clear your mind and be mindful and ready for what will happen next, but first always, you must know calmness.
Calmness, Grizz? Is it really you saying this? Perhaps you should take a spoonful of your own medicine? I told him as I thought I was doing very well.
Grizz did not respond with a snappy come back or with anything at all, he just flew at the giant new clone volk as he demonstrated the perfect acrobatic defense positions, of a ninja.
I tried to get in close enough to take some shots at the giant clone volk but I was too busy keeping the other clone volk soldiers away, breaking bones and smashing the mind control devises.
Through a series of repetitive moves, the giant cloned volk would be brought down. When the cloned monster volk lifted his whip, Grizz had to quickly climb the giant's body and flip over it. When Grizz was behind the tall soldier, he would rapidly punched it in its back with his studded brass knuckles. Though the giant cloned volk seemed to be built out of bricks, Grizz knew he could defeat it as long as he kept from getting pounded by it and kept moving faster than it did.
Often I would distract the giant cloned volk so Grizz could remain safely behind it and do the most effective damage.
Together, Grizz and I fought the first wave of cloned volk soldiers which were all trained and decorated military soldiers. The only other clones of myself who showed up to fight were younger versions of me and much less skilled.
The giant cloned volk seemed to realize it was not going to win against us as it tried to smash at us with a greater sense of urgency. The cloned volk tried to swing it's whip around at Grizz, but Grizz jumped over it like he was just playing a game.
Along with the younger cloned versions of myself were three young volk girls who surprisingly showed up. Neither Grizz nor myself could recognize them at first glance with mind control devices on their heads. The volk girls ranged in ages of ten, twelve and fourteen. These little volk women were dangerous killers. I quickly discovered the obvious as the girl clones were cloned from my mother.
Only my mother was never known to have such skill. These three cloned volk girls worked together as a single unit, spinning from one another as they performed their attacks.
Grizz took one look at the three little cloned volk girls and went pale, Don't go near them, Ed-man. I don't like the look of these girls.
At first I thought Grizz may have met the volk girls somewhere in the past, but I realized, he just didn't like little girls. For whatever reason, Grizz was scared of them.
Grizz and I were exhausted and the three little volk sisters were new and fresh on the scene, ready to start the fight. The little women wanted to put their training to the test, but Grizz and I couldn't be bothered to waste any more time. After I retrieved my axe, Grizz set off another one of his smoke bombs and we both disappeared and escaped the crazy machine shop from hell.

Passing through one security door after the other, moving deeper and deeper into the Island through computer facilities, and sealed vaults, we found they contained artifacts and information hidden from the world. 
We came to a door which led to a large circular loading dock. Beside the door was a number key pad which secured the massive door. I tried the same code I used to gain access to the computers Knolix system; 8462-TS. The code was accepted. I realized we made it. It occurred to me the numbers of the security code were for the key pad security, and the TS stood for Top Secret. There were seven vaults all together which encircled a loading dock. I began opening the doors and examining what was held inside. Grizz went as far as to drag artifacts out to the middle of the lift. He broke open crates and smashed priceless historical objects. Some objects were solid gold, like jewelry or statues salvaged from tombs across the globe. Some vaults stored crates which were well sealed. I was as desperate as Grizz to learn every last secret of the Knolix Island. I joined Grizz in his efforts to scour through the vaults. I grabbed crates and tore them open, throwing the product out onto the lift. Grizz and I opened some of the crates and found old artifacts and often religious artifacts. I was not interested in any of the items we were finding in the vaults. I mainly wanted to find cloning equipment and the facility used for growing and cultivating the clones. The first level was clean. 
The floor of the loading dock lowered us, one level, to a new set of seven huge vault doors. Below the floor were more levels which could descend for miles. The loading dock had the capability to hold countless items in deeper levels of the facility. The next level was a great generator attached to broilers with pipes and millions of thick electrical wires coming out from it. Two huge pipes ran into the monster generator. Each of these pipes contained gravity fed sea water to turn the massive turbines. The pipes were large enough to drive semi-trucks through them. The amount of power the generator could supply was enough to light Metro city. 
Each of the lower levels contained all sorts of items in warehouse size compartments. One level was of the Occult and black magic, another was of rare artifacts collected from the Christian religion. Another was of government secrets dating back decades. Egyptian wealth filled three levels of vaults. 'The government was the greatest tomb robber.' Near the bottom was where alien artifacts were stored. Frozen Ornocks were preserved in pods and a giant dead vorogon was also held there, but it was not my concern.
Grizz and I continued even lower to the last level. We waited patiently to reach the next level, listening to the sound of powerful unseen gears moaning and squeaking to take us further into the depths of the Knolix Island. The floor stopped with a clunk as though we hit bottom. Before us was a single gigantic door. The panel beside it seemed more complicated than the others, and it required a security card. I approached it knowing I probably would not be able to open it. Every step I took echoed through the deep empty space above us. I looked up at the empty distance throughout the lift cylinder. All of the doors we had opened were left open. I approached the door.
Before I reached the panel, a loud bang of heavy metal startled me. The accentuating sound echoing off the walls was also echoing within my chest. When I realized it was the massive dead bolts of the door releasing, I felt more at ease. A motor began to wine as the door started to lift.
I shot a glance at Grizz. The door is being opened from the other side. I told him.
Its those blasted cyborg volks! Grizz hesitated.
Quickly, I urged him. Find some cover. somersaulting, I flipped myself backwards and crouched down behind an Egyptian statue of a man with a dogs head. Grizz hid within a big bulky wooden crate. When the door opened entirely, Grizz and I peeked from our concealment and sure enough, a fresh squad of six cloned volk soldiers stood ready for battle. These were the youngest cloned volk soldiers who looked like me yet. The short cloned volks drew near to the lift. The soles of their boots were heard striking the floor in unison as though they were made of heavy paladin metal. Their ominous chanting march approached with perfect uniformity like a mighty locomotive. Stepping onto the lift, they examined the messy clutter of artifacts spread out all over the area. A few of the young volk soldiers stood dangerously close to Grizz using the barrel of its huge rifle to nose through the mess. Grizz cautiously slid into a long crate to keep the soldiers from looking down on him.
The entire squad of six, packed onto the lift platform. The head of my axe was dangling down by my ankles. I lifted it and held it in front of my chest. The cloned soldier was another mirror image of my younger self. The massive door buzzed and powerful motors began to slide it down slowly. The suspicious cloned soldier finally turned away from snooping any closer to me.
One of the soldiers seemed to stop and stare at the wooden crate Grizz was hiding in. A red light began to flash on the cloned soldiers mechanical head attachment. It was as though they were communicating with their squad leader or central computer mainframe. Next, I heard them flip a switch on their weapons which initiated a tone.
The surrounding cloned soldiers looked down at the crate in puzzlement. Grizz punched his fist through the top of the crate and took hold of the barrel of the cloned volks rifle. Standing up, Grizz busted out of the crate entirely. Pointing the rifle off to the side with his right hand, Grizz followed through driving his left fist against the clone volks jaw. Grizz continued to turn his body with the momentum of his punch bringing his left hand down to snatch the rifle out from the volk soldiers grip. While Grizz performed this move, the rifle was firing rocket shells against the wall. When he had successfully worked the weapon out of the volks grip he turned the devastating rocket shell ammo on the four other cloned soldiers. I immediately rose up, surprising the young clone who almost found me. I over took him, slapping his head between my hands, I damaged the device on the side of the clones head. Grizz lifted his rifle cocking it, before he shot the other four volks dead.
Time was running out. I grabbed my axe and headed for the door. The thick metal door was three quarters of the way down. From there we rolled out from under the tight gap of the door. The heavy door sealed up with a hiss of pressurized air before the locking dead bolts engaged. We could hear the motors of the lift working to take the lift up to some other level.
The spooky dark hall led us out to a terrace which over looked a huge warehouse-like area. Grizz and I crept as quietly as we could to the edge of the terrace. We hid behind some large blue barrels and inconspicuously spied on the practice taking place below. There, we found the walls aligned in ten levels, one above the other. Each level was sectioned with rows of egg shaped pods made of emerald titanium glass. Linked together, filling the vast underground complex with countless isles of pods, each grouping within the levels were at different stages of development. Their purpose was to incubate clones of myself, for military power. The aligned pods reminded me of giant insect eggs. Thousands, upon thousands of pods everywhere I looked but only half of them contained clones. The other pods were opened and empty. A computer could confirm how many clones were hunting for Grizz and I.
On the floor, at the center, we saw a maze of rooms and facilities. Their purpose was to cultivate and nurture the clones. I saw so many volk clones in the area, and they all looked like me and they were all at different ages of my life. They lived together and were kept fed and cleaned through the control of mind manipulation. The humans had a surgical area where they studied and tested treatments for human illnesses and injuries but mainly it was the area where they surgically attached the mind controlling devices. This act seemed to be carried out at very young childhood ages. Looking at them was like looking back at myself at different stages of my past.
One room contained large blue drums of amniotic based fluids which were pumped through a complex structure of transparent tubes and separated to the pods. I noticed an area dedicated to trying to create female cloned volks. They tried to use my mothers DNA and there were other experiments too. Somehow they thought they could use human females to create female volks, but they were hideous and barely alive. This only confirmed what I had said from the beginning; 'humans are not compatible with volks.'
Even at our depth, we could still hear the military voices over the intercoms. ...Sir, contact has been re-established with the Knolix project... It seems the Eddy factor lives and has taken control of the Island. Our agents and military personnel have been cut down to half and the level one cloning factors, set free... Knolix project is situation critical... We require instructions and await your order...
We must confer with our higher sources... Please stand by for orders... The message broke off to static. Likely we were not the only ones to hear the intercom. Below, Grizz and I watched as agents ran around in a panic to keep the vault under control. Young soldier clones were also active below so Grizz and I had to take extreme measures to keep from being discovered. I knew how snappy and dangerous a small volk boy had the potential of being.
To our left, at the end of the metal terrace, was a lit unoccupied room. The door had been left wide open. Grizz and I cautiously crawled along the terrace to the empty room. I quickly scanned the room. Blue prints and charts decorated the walls all around except for one wall made of glass for people to overlook the top secret cloning project below. We moved into the room between the maze of desks, always careful to keep hidden from anyone noticing us through the large window.
The desks, counters and shelves were cluttered with half assembled small motors along with tools and compact micro-chip circuit boards. The room seemed very unorganized consisting of only two computers. 
I was surprised to find the two computers were the super computers which were the communicational brains behind the decisions made by the countless clone volks.
I recognized one of the head mounted, mind manipulating devices like the ones each of the clones had attached and partially embedded into its head. A quick study of the charts revealed how the mind control devices used two different types of ultra sound impulses which were used to relax the cerebellum and put it into a sort of dream state. The devices were attached to the right temple and base of the clones skull. These devices were activated after drilling the skulls, inserting the device, making necessary connections with the brain before anchoring the device into place at the skull with four small screws. The whole process of sending and receiving messages was controlled through the mind control device in conjunction with a nero-drug stimuli. The stimuli was painlessly injected into the brain at controlled dosages.
The mind control device was tapped into the sensory area, auditory area, parietal lobe and the occipital lobe. From these areas of the brain, scientists could send pictures to the clones minds eye. They could play upon the clones anger and at the same time present pictures of Grizz and myself to the Clones mind. The clones would feel a great need to find and kill us to satisfy their aggressiveness.
I had a theory, the clones lacked the experience of simple everyday living to carry out their mission effectively. They would act like robots rather than true volk soldiers. I was certain this gave me an edge. Keeping low, I moved to the computer and quietly booted it up.
Grizz found a large mechanical device on a table top and decided to pick it up for a closer look. He could not figure out what purpose the device could serve. As he slid it over the table, he coincidentally began to drag another heavier object along with it by a long electrical cord. The other object looked like a piece of expensive computer hardware. Grizz slowly pulled the device to himself from the table.
I turned and noticed the computer hardware hanging half off the desk. Grizz. I tried to warn him in a whisper. Grizz was startled and snapped his head around to look at me. The hardware fell from the desk and smashed to the floor loudly. Grizz jolted with surprise and dropped the strange device from his hands and it also clattered to the floor.
I turned the computer off and grabbed my ax. Quick, Hide! Hide! I whispered urgently. We backed up and stood at either sides of the door. Sure enough, a cloned soldier approached the open door. It couldn't have been more than ten years old as he popped his head into the room. I surprised the young clone soldier as I swung my axe at him. The cloned soldier was too fast and ducked back out of the door before I inflicted any injury. As I brought my axe back up, the clone came back into the room fearlessly and aimed its powerful rifle at me. Grizz grabbed the clone from behind as a shot was fired. I felt the impact of the bullet hit me in the chest and I was thrown backwards against the wall. Grizz grabbed the clone by the mind control device and pulled it loose from its skull. The clone fell to the ground and began to convulse. Thick dark red blood oozed from the wound of its head.

I opened my eyes as Grizz shook me to stand up. Ive been shot! I imagined the damage caused from the clones rifle and how the rocket bullet must have blown away the whole half of my body.
He must have missed. Now lets go! Grizz reported.
'What did he say? How could I not have been shot? The rifle was pointing at me when it fired.' I looked down at myself and to my surprise, I was okay. I bent my body forward pushing away from the floor with my elbows. My axe laid beside me with a streak of burnt black ammunition residue gouged into the side of the blade. Apparently, the blast glanced off my blade and I was spared.
Grizz helped me up and we were about to leave when I discovered an opportunity. Grizz, help me get this clone out of his uniform. As we undressed the clone, I found its head was turned impossibly to one side. Grizz no doubt broke its neck to stop its convulsions.
I was more than happy to take off the sweat soaked cover alls which I had been wearing from the mechanic's shop. I fully dressed into the clone soldiers uniform, and it was a very tight fit. Likewise, the dead clone was dressed in my old attire. When I removed the top of the clones uniform, I noticed it also had a tattoo on the bicep of its right arm which was the very same planet and eagle as mine with the same words Property of the U.S.A. I strapped one of the mind control devices to my head. It did not attach properly and wobbled as it hung loosely. I didnt care, I slapped some of the clones blood onto the side of my head to impersonate the dead clone and its wound.
Wheres my costume? Grizz figured he should have some new duds as well.
Youre my prisoner. You are in costume. I held the handle of my axe over my shoulder and pointed the massive rifle at Grizz. Now get going. I commanded him.
Grizz looked at me for a moment, as he tried to determine if I was just trying to be funny or if I was enjoying the part just a little more than I was obligated to. This better be an act. Grizz said, lifting his hands to the back of his head. We walked out to the inner door of the vault where I was again faced with the same problem as before. I had no way of opening the vault door. The door buzzed and began to open. I took a position beside Grizz and pointed the rifle at him. The door lifted and ten new cloned volk soldiers were on the other side squatting in crouched positions with their rifles trained on Grizz and I. Large bullet holes from the previous scrimmage riddled the walls. Broken ancient artifacts littered the floor of the lift along with six dead bodies of cloned volk soldiers.
Do not fire! I shouted, I have the enemy in custody.
One-by-one, the clones began to stand cautiously. You are not part of the collective. spoke the clones in unison. Their voices were echoes that mimicked my own, precisely. It was like being in a house of mirrors, the way we all appeared identical to one another.
I have been injured but I still function. I turned my head for the others to see my damaged mind control device and the blood.
My fraud seemed to be believable. Without lowering their weapons a new voice spoke, a single human voice, and asked another question. Where is the other criminal?
I have killed him. I answered, craning my neck to see who was among the clones. He lays dead within the door to the room at the lift. All of the clone volks entered the vault to see the dead Eddy Evon, except for two, a clone volk and Commander Bruno T. Hinton. When it was confirmed the dead volk existed, the commander and the clone who had their rifles trained on Grizz and I seemed to ease up a little.
Over the intercom, I heard the radio voices say, The situation has brought us to an unavoidable conclusion... We are calling this procedure operation clean slate... We are sorry, the people of the Island must perish... Nuke'em... Set time to impact... T-minus ten minutes... From this time, the B2 Stealth Bomber will begin making its approach to deploy the B61-11 bomb. The bomb will make contact with the Island in T-minus ten minutes...
I saw commander Bruno lick his lips nervously as his eyes swept up through the deep spacious cylindrical lift area. 'Another nuclear bomb?' I realized I did not need to melt down the Islands generator anymore. All I needed to do was to get off the Island as soon as possible, and the commander had the same idea in mind. 
We must take the criminal into the custody of the collective. Release him to us. spoke the clone next to the military commander.
I hesitated a moment, before I stepped back and pushed Grizz forward with the barrel of the rifle. Grizz was under the guidance of the volk soldier who seemed to be in charge. The two of them stepped out onto the circular lift. The cloned volk soldier slung his heavy weapon over his shoulder and shackled Grizzs hands behind his back. Grizz swore at the sound of the cuffs locking together. I stepped out onto the lift and commander Bruno, who still held his automatic rifle, tightened his grip aggressively and sneered at me. Lets get into the vault. Perhaps its walls are thick enough... He trailed off having second thoughts. Obviously he felt the vault could not withstand a direct hit from a nuclear blast.
Great, a bomb was headed our way. A perfect solution to wiping out all evidence of my existence in this world. All I needed to do was get out of here. We must go to the surface! I said flat out. Our human soldiers need to be free. The Island has captured them all.
Just shut-up! I need to think. Commander Bruno spoke into a radio head set. Dispatch, this is commander Bruno T. Hinton, relay all instructions of evac operations.
A crackly static filled voice replied, We have received no such instructions, sir.
My eyes locked with the commander before I shifted to look at the cloned soldier. I was desperate. I could feel their eyes peering at me and focusing on the axe strapped to my back. Annoyingly, the cloned volk soldier kept shifting his eyes from my axe to straight ahead, then to the romstrunn clasped to my arm. He repeatedly returned to peering straight ahead before curiously bring his gaze back to my axe and romstrunn. Commander Bruno T. Hinton also noticed the soldiers suspicions. No doubt about it, they must have been working it out in their minds from the beginning. How I was not an injured party of their great collective, but rather the Eddy subject masquerading as a cloned volk? The nine other clone volk soldiers slowly came around the corner. Every one of them peering straight at me with suspicious eyes. The clone volk approached me, with his weapon drawn. When the clone stood right beside me, it lowered its weapon and extended a hand to inspect my romstrunn.
Do you think this is the Eddy subject? I heard commander Bruno ask loudly as he approached from behind me. It is a deception! My time was up, this facade was realized by the others. Grizz kicked the weapon out of the cloned soldiers hand. Grizz and the soldier separated and ran for cover. I opened fire on the commander standing in front of me. The rifle chewed him up easily. Swinging around, I fired in the general direction of the cloned soldiers while running for the lift controls. Hitting the button for the lift, we began to ascend. The young cloned volk soldiers displayed their programmed professionalism and began firing at Grizz and I. They were brutal warriors with weapons tough enough to go toe to toe with a tank. 
Immediately, I took cover behind a fallen stone statue and watched as the crate Grizz crouched behind was quickly disintegrating at the relentless power of the rapid fire rocket bullets. The cloned soldier, who was crouched behind a broken Egyptian mummy coffin at the center of the lift, was reaching to pick up his fallen weapon. I fired at his weapon and it dispersed into little metal fragments which littered the floor in small smoking bits. The huge door was still closing slowly to the level and the volk soldiers within the vault continued to pound at us with heavy fire. The fire power streaming out at us was extraordinary. The cluttered mess of artifacts littering the floor of the lift was shredded in the cross fire. I had to shoot back at the clones to keep them from coming out onto the lift. Finally, the lift took us out of reach from the aggressive cloned soldiers. The attack from the cloned soldiers continued as their weapons blasted through the floor of the lift. The junk of the artifacts sprang into the air with every shot.
I locked my sights on the coffin where I last saw the clone hiding. Just as the shooting from under the floor stopped, the coffin lifted off the floor and flew at me. The Egyptian coffin slammed into me and the rifle flew from my grip. I heard my rifle clatter to the metal floor. I quickly kicked the crate off myself for fear the clone would find the rifle and kill me. Sure enough, the clone was running to his fallen rifle. I jumped up and intercepted him as I kicked him in the ribs. He fell to the ground and rolled to his feet. He ran at me and I ran at him. We met with our fists flying and pounding. The rifle was kicked around a little at our feet but neither of us would allow the other to pick it up. We fought like raging titans. Two muscle bound beasts punching, kicking and throwing one another about. Each of us desperate to survive. I deflected one of his punches by blocking with my arms, but the romstrunn was knocked from off my arm. I caught the romstrunn before it hit the ground with a fluent rapid motion and used it to strike the clone upside his head. The romstrunn shattered and billions of little mechanical pieces exploded over the clone's face. Equally matched, I knew I would need to have the edge.
During the time I was duking it out with the clone, Grizz made his way over to the fallen rifle. His hands were still bound behind his back. He sat down facing away from the rifle and tried to work it in his fingers. He felt the cuffs cutting into his wrists. When he finally held the weapon so he could fire it, Grizz realized he was unable to tell who was a clone or who I was. He looked to his side with the rifle pointed in the same general direction.
Shoot him! one of us said, but Grizz could not figure out who was who. The clone snatched the mind control device from my head and ripped it off. I kicked the clone off me and stood up. Grizz was still confused. He shifted his aim from one to the other and back. The blood on the side of my head must have thrown him off.
Shoot him now while he is vulnerable! One of us yelled.
Grizz, the device has been ripped from my head and I am not doing the funky chicken. As I spoke the words the cloned volk soldier charged at me. Grizz heard the words and shot a string of rapid fire. The first few shots ricochet off the armor plating of its bullet proof vest. This only stunned him. The next shots counted and large chunks of flesh were blown from the clone volks body. The clone dropped dead with smoking wounds gaping grievously wide.
We heard a crackle, before a radio voice burped out over the Islands intercom network, We must abort the bomb strike!... Abort the bomb strike!... The Eddy subject has been reported dead!... Come back...
The lift delivered Grizz and I back to the top level where the computers and lab equipment were. I quickly searched the floor of the lift to find my fallen ax. I grabbed it quickly, before Grizz and I ran through the facility. We continued down the long hallway to the elevator. The elevator seemed to move extra slow and I thought we were going to meet a bright light of nuclear intensity before I could get to the peak of the Island's single mountain. It was there, within the peak of the Island, where we left the Zandith Crockmior life-boat.
The doors opened. Grizz seemed sluggish and he was in my way so I pushed him to the side as I desperately raced out. The landing pad was dark, but the Zandith Crockmior still rested where we left it. The top of the Island was still enclosed around us like a dome. Grizz swore at me for pushing him but he soon joined me. I hustled over to the panel which opened the Islands peak. Evon, get us into the air and get us out of here as fast as possible!
My sertz popped out of my ear. RIGHT AWAY, MY LORD. It flew up into the life-boats mouth. I heard a loud clunk, before the motors began to work at opening the Island peek. My eyes quickly scanned over the life-boat and for one second revealed a drop of white fluid drip to the floor. 'Was that blood?' I questioned in my thoughts. At any rate, I would have to check into it further once we were in orbit.
Unable to abort deployment, control... Bomb is beyond disarming range... T-minus thirty seconds to impact...
I gave my axe to Grizz. After a second, the life-boat lurched forward and slurped me up. I told the insectular unit to grab Grizz and take us out of there. The life-boat did as I commanded, taking Grizz into its long insect legs and lifting off the Islands peak. The wings hummed powerfully and lit up as we quickly became air born. Sunlight came through the separations of the peak like a great bright X above us. The life-boat was propelled straight up. The Zandith Crockmior narrowly missed the edges of the peaks separating panels. As we flew, the buzzing wings sounded more like a high pitched scream. An invisible enunamic energy field encased the life-boat and we soon began to travel at an impossible speed. Grizz braced himself behind the long insect legs of the life-boat. He held up my axe in hopes it would somehow shield his eyes from the nuclear blast. He turned away, teeth grinding, waiting for his fate to consume him.
My head began to hurt as I strained to beat the clock and survive. Within a fraction of a second, the massive nuclear missile passed us. The turbulence of the black missile monstrosity shook the body of the life-boat. We continued to ascend well past the speed of sound. Beyond our view was the dark solid wing of the B2 Stealth Bomber. It too was speeding from the blast of the massive nuclear Bomb. The bombs designated target was the peak of the Knolix Island. The open Island swallowed the bomb like it was a big black pill. Below us, a second later, the burning flash of the explosion erupted into a great blinding mushroom of radioactive nuclear energy. The immense explosion continued to blossom larger with the ever pressing threat of the approaching blast wave. The blast wave of the nuclear explosion approached us dominantly to deliver on its promise of an instant death.
After the initial flash died down, Grizz turned to face the explosion where he risked opening his eyes. Grizz saw the disturbance of the blast wave as it grew and moved toward him as though it was alive like an attacking beast, or an approaching spiritual judgment. Grizz felt the heat of the blast wave and the turbulence as it caught up to us and we entered its frontal wake. Just as he closed his eyes to surrender to the inevitable, the life-boat used the power of its invisible enunamic energy field to multiply its incredible speed by two.
We out ran the blast wave within seconds. Once we cleared the atmosphere and I felt we were in safe orbit, I wanted to check the life functions of the insectular unit to see if it was injured in any way. I slowed the Zandith Crockmior life-boat to run a diagnostic. A report revealed the life-boat had been wounded. It had been shot and would not last much longer. The bullet punctured a blood vessel of its abdomen causing internal bleeding. The bullet size was small, but lethal enough for me to realize a simple patch job would not help us complete the journey to the Genation nebula. Even without any supplies to mend the wound, I would still have to climb out and check it. I began to slide out through the mouth. The first thing I noticed was Grizz unconscious in the arms of the Zandith Crockmior.

Grizz soon woke up and looked around and realized we cleared the earths atmosphere. 'What is happening?' Grizz wondered. 'How can this be? Am I dead?' He looked around and found he was still wrapped tightly in the legs of the giant wasp. 'Is this some kind of twisted joke?' He could not conceive the possibility of survival so far from the earth. 'I survived two nuclear attacks, and now I am breathing in outer space? If I am dead, when exactly did I die?'
Grizz, it's me, are you all right? I asked him through the mouth of the life-boat. Grizz looked up at the wasps head with puzzlement. I crawled out of the cock-pit and let my upper body hang out of the mouth. I examined him for a moment and when I was satisfied he was not injured, I said, You must remove your armor and join me up here in the cock-pit. I made the two front legs gesture a grab at him. Hand your armor to the two free legs and the life-boat will hold it for the rest of the trip.
Grizz looked at the bony thin front legs before he brought his gaze back to me. He continued to scan over the under belly of the wasp-like hull, and finally panned his head down to stare out into space. Why am I not sucked out into space? I mean, me and you are talking and we can breathe out here.
This wasp is a vehicle of my world, I began to explain. It has created an enunamic field of its own reality, so-to-speak, here, we are as safe within the vessel as we are outside of it. It is also the center of gravity so you dont have to worry about falling off. Now, please Grizz, just remove your armor, pass it to the wasps fore-claws, join me here in the cock-pit and we can get out of here.
Grizz placed my axe against the thorax of the life boat and removed his helmet before he passed it to the wasp. The wasp hooked its claw into it and pulled it away. Next, Grizz removed his gauntlets, then his boots and finally his shoulder plating. The wasp carried it all and Grizz crawled along the legs and along the under belly to the head. He stopped for a moment to examine the thick white fluid leaking out of a puncture wound on the side of the life-boat. Climbing was unnecessary because the gravitational pull of the wasp kept Grizz from falling away from the insectular body. With his arms stretched wide, he put his hands on either side of the Zandith Crockmior head. Examining the huge eyes, Grizz scanned the head to the mouth. closing his eyes and turned his head away; Grizz was disgusted. The mandibles and maxillae opened wide to receive Grizz. He slouched forward and reluctantly tried to climb into the mouth. The life-boat slurped Grizz up and before he knew it, he was inside the organic cock-pit.
The cock-pit was quite small and cramped for the two of us. We laid down on our fronts with our shoulders pressed together and peered out the eye optics. My scanners were able to locate many satellites, many of which, I was sure, must have been space stations, yet others were designed for planetary defense.
I knew I should get as far away from earth as possible. I was about to give a command to Evon, when I noticed one of earths orbital defenses had fired on us. It only took seconds for me to send instructions to Evon, but I was convinced we lacked the necessary time to get out of the missiles path.
Evon corrected me as I miss judged the dependability of a Zandith Crockmior. In less than a blink of an eye we escaped yet a third nuclear blast. Accelerating to a speed greater than that of light, the wings of the Zandith Crockmior buzzed with a great blue burn of expelled energy. I doubled our speed with the creation of multiple enunamic fields. Like spherical energy fields within fields many times over to cover the distance necessary to reach Genation.

I opened my damaged romstrunn as Evon entered through a small port on the side. I turned a ghostly page and images began to form there in. Swirling galaxies came into view, before they shrank in relation to their size and distance from other near by star clusters. The dimensional images were labelled with symbols and icons created from volks of the Ied era. 
MASTER, THIS IS THE GALAXY FROM WHICH WE CAME. One of the galaxies lit up for a moment in a holographic image created from the eyes of my sertz. THIS IS THE COURSE WE HAVE TRAVELED TO DATE. A red line appeared and it was growing longer quite rapidly to mark the path travelled. IF WE STAY ON THIS PARTICULAR HEADING, WE WILL CONTINUE STRAIGHT THROUGH THE GENATION NEBULA. A light blue line appeared to represent the path which was to be traveled.
Thats it! I expressed loudly. That is the path to Genation. A grin crawled over my expression. I just might make it after all. I thought, with a new feeling manifesting within me. I realized the magnitude of my efforts surfacing their way to reality. My blood felt as though it began to crystallize and a shiver ran through me.
The red cone shaped eye bulbs of Evon lit up. MY LORD, WE ARE NEARING OUR DESTINATION.
Evon pointed for me to look out through the eye optics of the Zandith Crockmior, so I did. We have reached our destination! I told Grizz with excitement.
The nightmare continues. Grizz responded as he was not so sure of what he was getting himself into. The whole journey out into the depths of space was way over his head and he hated leaving his fate and future in the hands of someone else. 
I looked out from the cock-pit and saw we were floating through space. The menacing luminescent twin clouds of the Genation nebula filled our entire forward view and covering space like a huge blanket. The tattered and crooked purple ribbon, calling to me somehow and sparkled with a strange, almost living, energy. 
The left swirling twin was red and the right swirling twin was blue with a white staff of light shooting out from the center of each swirl. Like two huge white lasers, they stabbed out at the blackness of space as though they were weapons of light to keep space at bay.
My mind became aware of three sources of telepathic intelligence. None of the three telepathies were volk, human or Ornock. One of the telepathies came from the blue nebula, the second came from the red nebula and the third came from the purple energy ribbon.
The Zandith Crockmior life-boat still had strength but it was getting weaker fast. Evon appeared to me with a question, LORD, ACCORDING TO OUR ORIGINAL PLAN, I BELIEVE I SHOULD GUIDE US BACK INTO THE GENATION NEBULA THE WAY THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR L/X ORIGINALLY CAME OUT. SHALL I NAVIGATE US INTO THE RIGHT BLUE SWIRL NOW?
I considered it but something inside me screamed danger. No, I will guide us and we will take the right red swirl.
I grabbed hold of a pair of antenna like controls available before me and we began to move forward. Three streaks of light shot passed us from over-head. I wanted to know what they were but I had to consider the damaged life-boat. It may just die at any time, and if it did die, we would perish along with it. The life-boat shuttered as we passed through the expected energy field. I made the Zandith Crockmior turn its' head slightly and I saw a disturbance cause a ripple effect which revealed the Genation nebula was entirely surrounded by the otherwise invisible field. I moved the Zandith Crockmior forward in search of the strange space station which I remembered seeing within the purple energy ribbon when I was a child. As we moved closer, my sensor readings revealed the object still existed. This did not surprise me as it was one of the sources of great telepathic ability. I zeroed in on the location and moved the Zandith Crockmior in closer to it. Curiosity had the better of Grizz and I. We had to check it out as telepathically I became aware how there was a possibility the space station could help the life-boat somehow.
More tiny lights flew past the cock-pit, before a swarm of little lights came shooting straight at us like a great cloud of specks. They were as countless as rain. The blinding lights seemed to penetrate the hull of our vessel and hit me like an incinerating bullet train. The explosion of pure intellectual, living alien energy and heat, enveloped me.
I was forcibly drawn into a state of unconsciousness where I began to dream of a new existence, a life where I struggled in the world of a very strange alien culture which was composed of light, energy, space and time, perfect order and harmony. I was exalted in the strange world because I was chosen to be the center. The problem with telepathy is conflicting opinions. When minds are in agreement all is well, but everybody needs a head and in a telepathic system, one central mind has proven effective at calming the storms of disagreements. Somehow, I felt a deeper sense that I belonged. 
When I awoke, I experienced difficulty recalling the dream, but a feeling seemed to linger on with me. I felt like I was to take part in a struggle between two mighty alien species and bring freedom to many worlds before the dream ended.
Grizz distracted me as he was in a moody state to say the least. What we had set out to do was too unbelievable for Grizz. As he grappled with a realization we were actually going to go to a new world, Grizz had more doubts about his decision to come along I dont want to do this anymore Youre gonna have to turn us around! Grizz was on edge and eying me up suspiciously. He was going to remain unsettled until he was in full control, because what Grizz felt was confusion, helplessness and a disadvantaged uncertainty. His life was in someone else's hands like a baby depended on its parents, but Grizz hated it.
No, brother, it is as you said, there is no place for us on earth. We were not welcome to live there. Well, we wouldn't live long anyway. I told him with a certain nod.
I dont agree. Id find a way, Id survive. I always have Its what I was made for, battle, domination. I dont have to be accepted by anyone. Ill make my future my own Now turn this thing around, Im not going any further with you. Grizz was dead set in his decision.
I dont like coming here anymore than you, my friend, but it is a necessary stop to reach our final destination. You must endure the journey, for a new life awaits us both. Besides, dont you know how damaged our vessel is? One thing is certain, there is no going back.
Grizz looked on at the approaching nebula of blue and red. The likes of the nebulas expanse was more imposing than he was prepared. Grizz knew I was right. There would be no second chance to reach the world of volks.
Listen, we can make it back to earth. We know that world and we know humans. A world of volks might be a world we will regret. Once we go, that will be the end. Grizz only convinced me of his fears.
No, Grizz, it will be the beginning. One way or another, it is going to happen and you will adjust, you'll see. It won't be long and you will be thanking me for taking you along.

From beyond sight, crossing a great distance of the starless darkness, through the remote region of deep space, the Zandith Crockmior approached the mouth of Genation's blue nebula. 
With its wings humming, emitting a soft yet powerful blue light, resonating energy, and a space craft created from an age over twenty million years from now. The strange wasp like vessel drew near to one of the greatest phenomena in existence, one of the Genation swirls.
My sertz flew out from my ear. MY LORD, WE ARE NEARING OUR FIRST DESTINATION.
With a half-smile and an encouraging nod of my head, I glanced at Grizz.
Grizz acknowledged me with eye contact but no more as he was still worried for the next mysterious step of uncertainty. 
Our first destination. Stating the obvious, I pointed out at the magnificent view before us. Our first destination. we gazed out at the great expanse of the ominous Genation nebula. Genation!
The nightmare continues. Grizzs voice thundered from his chest. Venturing closer to the twin nebula, I brought the insect craft in close to the purple ribbon and studied its composites of glowing energy. 
From a distance, I pointed out a strange glowing mist but as we came closer to it I could see it was actually a swarm of intelligent blue lights of living energy. Lazily, the Zandith Crockmior seemed to move through the vacuum outside. With a sudden swift acceleration, the lights were suddenly very close to us. The swarm was much larger than I anticipated and before long we were practically upon them. The strange rain of little blue lights phased right through the Zandith Crockmior where they were absorbed right into my body. I was forced into a telepathic unconsciousness which caused me to go inside of myself. This was what the experience was like. 
As the rain of countless blue lights were capable of passing through the hull in a ghostly fashion, they entirely avoided making contact with Grizz and altered their course to be absorbed by me alone. The living orbs of energy abducted my life energy and took me into the blue swirl of Genation.
Grizz tried to wake my body up but his efforts were to no avail as it had been left behind. Grizz finally gave up on trying to wake me up, but my trusty little sertz, Evon, persisted by flashing lights from its little eyes at my lifeless sleeping eye lids. Evons efforts were also without results.
Grizz, frustrated at being left alone, tried to take control of the Zandith Crockmior. If he could fly it, he would try to fly back to earth. An intelligence spoke to Grizz's mind and guided him to a light reflecting off from a distant metallic surface. The intelligence was able to pull the Zandith Crockmior toward it with some invisible force. Grizz's eyes were constantly focused on a huge metallic shape only a few thousand kilometers away, floating within a purple energy ribbon. Though it was like a dust particle within the ribbon, as Grizz neared it he found it to be magnificently grand. Shaped like that of two protective half-moon shaped hoods, one hood covered the top and the other covered the bottom. From the narrow opening, a single black rod protruded which was hundreds of miles in length and at the end of it, a bright orb burned like a small sun. The object was hollow but durable as it was designed to protect something inside.
What was it built for and who built it? It was gigantic like a moon. Grizz tried to control the Zandith Crockmior but nothing he did had any affect as he found it was held in a power from the space station and it continued to draw him in. As Grizz journeyed closer, he saw into the gap between the open rims of each half of the alien space station. The Zandith Crockmior was pulled into the gap of the alien construct.
Grizz adjusted his eyes to the unexpected bright interior where aliens resided. Something was being protected within the two outer shells and when Grizz focused on what it was through the light, he was in awe. Concealed inside an outer shielding was a world within a world. The outer shells were built to protect and encase an entire planet. The incredible construct was solidly built. It was an alien world which held the two protective outer shell halves and stabilized them from the Northern and Southern polar caps. 
As Grizz neared the alien space station, it became clear it was more than a place for some alien field expeditions and it was more than a mere space station. It was like a self-contained world, but why? Grizz neared the busy surface of the planet which was teaming with life. Great cities were abundant but Grizz was directed to what was obviously, the main central city of the alien planet which appeared to go on and on forever as though he was going to shrink away to nothingness. Everything about the place was massive unlike any city Grizz had ever seen before. 
Grizz could feel a governing gravity existed on the foreign planet. A massive structure of technological intricacies was stable but floating separate from the land wide city below. The Zandith Crockmior was taken, in the grip of an invisible force, to the alien satellite. Grizz tried to drink in the amazing sight as the Zandith Crockmior was quickly directed to an open door of a cargo compartment built into the alien satellite.
Within the spacious loading bay chamber, Grizz, again tried to awaken Eddy frantically. Doors closed Grizz into the large loading bay making him feel trapped like an animal. The mystery of where he was and who had captured him became a big tangled knot in Grizz's stomach as he sensed time for him was short. Grizz hated telepathy because it reminded him of bad experiences he had as a child. It wouldn't be long before the mysterious creatures of the station came for them. 
Eddy's sertz revealed a breathable atmosphere outside the craft. Unable to bring me out of my unconsciousness, Grizz slid out of the cock pit and out through the open mouth of the Zandith Crockmior, cock-pit, wasp head. Within an unfamiliar environment, Grizz snuck his way into the space station cautiously in search of any resources the inner loading bay might provide. He also hoped to find a way out of the loading bay and into the rest of the space station.
Weightlessly the Zandith Crockmior bumped and rolled within the compartment until the mechanical arms, attached to the walls, began to move.
Long, unearthly, semi-robotic arms reached out and held the Zandith Crockmior, steadying it from tipping or rolling to either side. Grizz thought the arms posed a threat and might attack or squish the insect wasp craft. Examining the alien machinery that lined the walls of the cargo area, Grizz noticed the heads of beings looking down at him from distant windows high above. Grizz waved his arms for the creatures to acknowledge him, but they simply backed away out of sight. He saw a door below, but before he would try it he wanted to find out who the creatures of the station were. Figuring the intelligent creatures of the station couldn't be too dangerous or they would have killed him by now, Grizz leaped from the Zandith Crockmior and weightlessly floated to the window high above. Looking into the window, Grizz found the creatures had deserted the room. They probably did so when they noticed Grizz was on his way approaching them.
Using his arms to climb along the side wall, Grizz made his way back down to the large lower door made of crystals. Somehow Grizz found he had more knowledge than he was supposed to. For example, how did he know the series of tall crystals were actually a door to the rest of the space station? 
Knowing he had to give the crystal door a push, Grizz pressed his shoulder to it and there was a slight suction of air around the seams before the portal opened for him. The rest of the space station was waiting for him to discover it. Great, Eddy, what have you gotten us into? feeling like a rat in someone's home trying to be careful not to get caught, Grizz poked his head through the tall crystals curiously.
On the other side Grizz saw a huge spacious hall and walking away from him was the back of a giant rounded shell. Grizz was petrified as he knew he was looking at an alien creature. From the smooth outer surface of the shell, multiple spikes protruded. Under the shell, six insect legs tapped along the white clean floor quickly as it continued to move away. Grizz decided he would carefully follow the creature and maybe make contact with it. He stepped out through the crystal door and it closed behind him with blue flame.
Grizz's war cry of pain could faintly be hear on the other side of the crystal door before his roar was silenced and cut short.

I rubbed my eyes and yawned as I rose from what seemed to be a real deep sleep. My jaw seemed a little swollen and stiff. I awoke within the cock-pit of the life boat insectular unit, but something was wrong. I was all alone. 'Grizz was beside me when I fell asleep. Where could he be, now?' I wondered.
The Zandith Crockmior L/X life boat was wounded. I tried to use the organic sensor equipment, but when I no longer had any response from the life boat, I realized it was dead. A major artificial blood vessel, had ruptured as a result from the bullet wound to the abdomen. It internally bled to death, But how is it I too am not dead? I wondered.
I cleared my throat and took in a breath. The air seemed somehow fake, but filtered. Evon. I called out loudly with a deep raspy voice.
My sertz came out of my ear when I summoned it. WHAT IS IT, MY LORD? Evon flew to a position facing me where it hovered at eye level.
Where is Grizz? I asked my sertz urgently.
GRIZZS IMPATIENT CURIOUSITY LED HIM TO LEAVE IN FRUSTRATION. HE COULD NOT WAKE YOU UP EVEN AFTER HIS MANY VIOLENT ATTEMPTS. HE SEEMED TO HAVE SOME SORT OF STRUGGLE OUTSIDE THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR BUT NOW HE IS GONE. 
Gone? I questioned like I couldnt hear the sertz the first time.
HE IS NO LONGER IN THIS CHAMBER WITH US, MASTER. HE IS SOMEWHERE ELSE IN THIS STATION. Evon explained with its usual loyal mannerism.
So, that was why my jaw felt sore and stiff. Grizz struck me trying to wake me up. I realized, rubbing my jaw.
I had to find Grizz. I slid through the throat of the insectular unit. I struggled to the inner mouth, pushing my way past the dead flesh. When the insectular unit was fully functional, it could use the muscles of the throat to help the occupant in or out. My slow crawl became increasingly claustrophobic. Finally, I pushed open the mandibles and floated out. Low gravity beckoned me outside the insectular unit. Upon taking a deep breath, the air was strange, as though manufactured. I looked at the long lanky limbs of the insectular vehicle and noticed Grizzs armor was missing. Recovering my double bladed axe, I figured where ever he was he must be clad in his heavy gear.
I floated out and examined my surroundings. I was in the very same chamber of the strange alien space station which Grizz must have navigated the life boat unit into. Many large robotic arms were folded up and stationed all around the Zandith Crockmior, mounted to the walls. Two of these great arms were holding the Zandith Crockmior. Between the robotic arms were tall crystal cylinders. Where there were vertical crystals, I could see the metal of the walls and lining supports. The walls of the inner loading bay were made of the shiniest silver I ever saw. I floated closer to the walls and examined them further. I was surprised to find the strange metal was flowing with built in conduits of iridescent energy. Clusters of tiny lights flashed across the surface of the walls. Telepathically, I learned the lights were the same living lights which penetrated the hull of the Zandith Crockmior earlier. They sometimes left the surface all together and shot through the air. 
Not sure of who, what or where the telepathic information was coming from, I put my ear close to the wall. The telepathy was unobtrusive like a whisper. Focusing to hear the thoughts through the sounds of the lights or any other noise, but these things were silent, still my mind was detecting something. I listened for a slight vibration being carried through the hull as I pulled my ear away. I touched the wall with my finger. I found no reaction to the structure of the wall. Satisfied I would not be burned, I placed the palm of my hand against the wall. I found no vibrations, but the wall was warm. Occasionally, the strange little lights would flash to my skin only to flash away just as instantly as they arrived. Most of the lights seemed to be interested with my hand, but they moved so fast and randomly I ruled out any sort of intelligence.
As I moved along the wall, I came to a series of several tall crystal cylinders. These crystals were in various levels of the cargo hold in repeated sections up to five stories high. I floated to the crystals and tried to open them because of a whispered instruction which I had received telepathically. The crystals did not want to open for me, but I knew there was something to be found on the other side and I knew it would be intelligent, whatever it was.
I worked my powerful volk fingers between the center of the crystal cylinders. Flexing and forcing my powerful volk strength with the drive of a diesel engine, I spread the crystal cylinders apart like a curtain.
What I saw on the other side was like a giant tunnel section of a short stretch of road way. At each end of the road was a swirling portal of energy. Giant alien creatures were materializing out from one swirl at high speed and running or flying through to the other swirl where they darted in and dematerialized. The short stretch of road was like a two lane highway and the creatures who used it were not easy to see because they were traveling through so quickly.
Things are always getting weirder and weirder as I go. I said to myself. I must be dreaming. slapping myself in the face with the hopes of waking up from a strange dream, I became aware that the fast moving Morguldeans had quickly slowed to a stop and turned their great eyes to look at me.
The Morguldeans were hideously strange to me and they had bone plated skin with many spikes at random like the armored hide of a crab. Their legs were insect-like and thin. Their single eye cluster was at the end of their long retractable neck. Where the Morguldeans stomach was expected to be it had a great vertical mouth. At the back of the Morguldeans was a thick appendage which connected the creature to a great shell where they housed vital organs and a great brain. The shells were each very different. Some were smooth while others were spiky and rough with a variety of colors. At the bottom of the great shells were six spider-like legs. No two Morguldeans looked the same, though it was not easy to tell them apart. 
The high speed activity quickly slowed to a stop as the portals also stopped swirling and came to a halt like the stillness and depth of space. No one came through the portals from that point and each of the creatures raised their eyes telescopically and fixed on me.
I stopped slapping myself realizing I could not wake up because I wasn't sleeping and opened my dark eyes wide at the giant Morguldeans as they ominously and threateningly moved toward me. I turned to duck back into the cargo hold but a powerful telekinetic force seized my body. The telekinesis seemed to be the invisible extension of the Morguldeans clawed hand which held me too tightly at my waist. With my hands on the crystal cylinders, I challenged the strength of the Morguldean. Pulling myself into the chamber slightly, I was able to grab hold of the handle of my axe before I was over powered by the Morguldean.
Yanked by my waste, I was tossed out to the crowded roadway. With a controlled tuck and roll landing, I sprang to my feet and brandished my axe in a defensive pose. While fully prepared to protect myself against the ugly creatures, telepathic communication began to ease into my mind, We are Morguldeans. We are superior to you but we do not wish to hurt you. Relinquish your weapon and come with us peacefully and we will take you to your companion.
I spoke in response to the Morguldeans with the same method of telepathy, Your terms are not the same as my own. How about, I keep the weapon and you go find my companion for me. Dont try intimidating me. I dont care how big you are or how smart you think you are. I have come too close to my goal to have the likes of you stand in my way now. With a swagger of confidence and attitude, I could see how my thoughts caused the Morguldeans to consider rethinking their calculations for a moment.
Without hesitation, the Morguldeans moved to attack me, but with equal speed and precision, I swung my axe into action and began lopping limbs off the Morguldeans as they advanced on me. The dismembered large arms and spider legs caused the creatures to reel in pain and clumsily they retreated from me to a distance out of reach.
I eyed the creatures like a fine tuned weapon of expert skill. The wounded Morguldeans collected their severed body parts and began putting them back in place like they would heal up instantly. Even their thick yellowish blood slowly bled back into the wounds. Other Morguldeans held small devises which were used to shine a light on the wounds of the wounded and finalize the healing process. All of the Morguldeans reorganized themselves and held new positions brandishing weapons pulled from their shells. The weapons were constructed, each with its own variance, but basically they were long golden rods with smaller metal rods twisted in and around them. With the sound of multiple slow raised chirps, the energy weapons of the Morguldeans charged up. Disks formed under the spider legs as some of the Morguldeans rose off the street and traveled over head in the high tunnel. 
That stung, volk. They knew of my species. We can re-attach our severed limbs and heal any wound. It is time we return the favor, and for your sake you better be able to do the same. The Morguldeans blinked with their singular eye lids, never letting me out of their sight.
You want a piece of me? I taunted the Morguldeans with my mind, Come over here and take it. I finished by speaking standard words. In no time, the Morguldeans fought like they were as good as new. I began to shout as I ran at the Morguldeans. 
I planned to slide under the Morguldean nearest me as I raised my axe blade enough to score a long laceration and let the internals from the shell hang out from the opening. 
Instead, as I charged at the Morguldean I was suddenly seized and captured with both telepathy and telekinesis. Evon, can you protect me from the mental powers of these creatures? through clenched teeth, I questioned my sertz.
The small robot came shooting out of my ear and answered, I AM ABLE TO BLOCK THE ABILITIES OF THESE CREATURES, MY LORD.
Block them! Block them! I commanded before I dropped from mid-air. Both, the telepathy and telekinesis vanished from any hold it had over me.
Evon, the sertz continued to fly near me as it resonated a hypersonic frequency which disabled some of the Morguldean's abilities.
Using the slope and spikes of the Morguldean's shell, I climbed up to the top of the wounded Morguldean. As I leaped from the shell, one of the hotshot Morguldeans tried to shoot at me, but his weapon missed and only further injured the wounded Morguldean.
From a spinning bound in low G, I elbowed one of the Morguldeans right in its great eye. As I used the leverage from my lightning quick attack, I saw how the eye was a definite weak spot. The entire creature instantly recoiled into its shell with a terrible shriek. Knowing where to strike the creatures to cause them the most pain, I quickly round housed the next Morguldean in its eye as I shouted, Evon! Target their eyes.
The little robotic sertz flew out of my ear and began shooting tiny colorful stars, hitting multiple Morguldeans in their eyes. The Morguldeans quickly recoiled into their shells so quickly and with such force the shells spun around in the low gravity.
Though I was a very large volk and my huge muscles were unproportional
 to that of human, I was still capable of maneuvers conducted with incredible speed and strength. One after the other, I began striking the Morguldeans eyes rapidly. With each eye that was struck, the Morguldeans would retract instantly into their shells. The Morguldeans quickly realized my plan for a skillful and tactical attack on their eyes and began protecting themselves. Most of them retracted the long necks of their eyes into their bodies as far as they could so they were still able to see. 
When I leaped through the air again, I landed on the road with a tuck and roll before slipping unnoticed into the crowd and hiding underneath one of the Morguldeans. Blocking the telepathic attempts of getting inside my mind, the Morguldeans became very agitated. The huge dark portals were active again as they started swirling. As a precaution, many of them backed into the portals at each end of the two lane street. As seconds ticked by, the Morguldeans grew more anxious and paranoid. 
Climbing up the back of one of the Morguldean's shells, I straddled it holding on tightly to its spikes. An energy field formed around the entire creature as it lifted off the floor and began to fly. I rode it like a flying turtle. Lurching forward, I became a stowaway along for the ride to where ever as the Morguldean ventured right into one of the rolling black portals.

Instantaneously, I found myself popping out of the other end of the portal where I found myself amongst an entirely different place. I had been transported near the top of the inside of the space stations dome. Far below me was the encased planet of the Morguldeans. Oh, great, now Im really lost. I thought as I took in the magnificent sight of Morguldean civilization far below me. Though I didnt want to remain at such a dangerous altitude above the cities, I wasnt particularly thrilled about descending closer to one of them.
The Morguldean dived down toward the encased planet's surface. We passed by floating mechanical stations and through clouds before a mysterious telepathic message came to my mind. Follow my voice and you will find me. spoke the friendly thought to my mind, only I found this thought was not intrusive as the other Morguldeans had been. This thought was not the same at all. I could relate to the mind behind the thought like it was somehow relative to my own. For a moment I considered the thought came from Grizz, but Grizz was always far too aggressive to be so calm and subtle. 
The Morguldean's telescopic cluster eye extended over its back and gazed at me. I was aware that the Morguldean had received the same telepathic message and it decided to follow the same voice which spoke to my mind. The Morguldean and I found we were lured to a specific city and building of the Morguldean world and then to a specific window as well.
The whole incident began to bother me as I suspected if this was a method of misleading trickery which had captured Grizz.
I neared the window where we were telepathically directed to, where I noticed someone inside looking out at me from, what looked like a control room window. Steadily, the Morguldean carefully brought me near to the window of the dark control room.
The dark hooded and cloaked person at the center of the room was a human-like body. While I was still observing from behind the window, I saw the human-like form was so small next to the large alien counters and strange consoles. As though waiting for me to do something, the mysterious person stood looking right back at me. The mysterious person moved forward until he was under the tall counter and I couldnt see him anymore. A hand reached up over the counter and flipped a switch.
The window vanished and the Morguldean used a telekinetic ability to carry me inside. Noticing the inner compartment had gravity, I settled my feet carefully on the counter. Cautiously, I looked at the Morguldean, then down to the cloaked figure and back again. Hello? I spoke to the cloaked figure, carefully placing my axe on the counter. My name is, Eddy Evon. I will not harm you.
The cloaked figure waved his hand with a telepathic message for the Morguldean outside the window to depart. When the Morguldean flew away, the window re-appeared. I craned my neck to look over the counter-top when the cloaked figure slid his hood back, exposing his face for the first time. That was when I first saw you, 'Jupacious.'

Yes, that was when you began telling me your story, When Jupacious smiled with his eyes, the wrinkles of his volk face stretched and he looked a little younger. Eddy was glad he had the opportunity to share his story with him as Jupacious really appreciated it. Eddy could see how Jupacious understood and respected him after having the added information. A marvellous story, Eddy Evon, and here we are at the end of your story. Undoing the half round black mind link object from of the side of his head, Jupacious shook his head with a smile as he recalled some of his favourite moments from Eddy's story. 
Eddy expected Jupacious to repay his open kindness with the story of his own life as Eddy was very curious to learn from him.
A chime echoed from a monitor which displayed some activity from the Morguldeans who inhabited the mysterious space station. Eddy observed what the Morguldeans looked like on the monitor as they lifted Grizz up like he was a small doll pinched between its crab-like hands. Ah, here, Jupacious pointed to the monitor, I thank you for sharing your tale with me, Eddy, but it appears the Morguldeans are finished with whatever curiosities they had with your companion. Ill call for a guide to take us to him.
A Shame, Jupacious. Eddy said as he reached up to the counter to take hold of his axe once more. I was hoping you could tell me somewhat of your history. I would really like to know what events transpired to bring you here to this exact location and time.
You will not have to wait long, Eddy. I need you to have patience, for all is in readiness. Eddy and Jupacious did not wait long before the huge door opened and a huge Morguldeans body filled the door frame. 
At twenty-four feet tall, the Morguldean loomed over them menacingly. The presence of the Morguldeans were like two bodies of superiority combined. The frontal body was layered with muscle and bone. They had thick skeletal frames with over-sized muscles and tendons. All of this was covered again with outer skeletal shell plates. These shell plates were covered also with a thick flexible but tough skin. Its structure was shaped with two legs and two arms and it had dark tones to its body. A brutal and gruesome body covered with a series of bony outer plates like a volks for-arms and shoulder plates, only darker and rougher. Standing before us on two oddly bowed legs, the Morguldean lowered its head to the volks. The head of the Morguldean was a cluster of four eyes and its mouth was at its stomach. It wore no clothing but its body continued on out beyond the door, behind it. At its back was a large extension attached to a huge swirling shell. Under the shell were six spidery legs. Within the thick shell was where the aliens brain, heart, stomach and other vital organs were protected.
The Morguldean entered the control room and its great eyes moved between the two volks on its long neck. Skin came up and covered the eyes at once before it opened its lid as it blinked. The tall body leaned forward strangely as though it was about to fall on the two volks before it extended an arm to the floor.
Jupacious and Eddy were lifted onto the Morguldean's claw with the use of telekinetic power of will. When the two volks were both sitting comfortably in the arms of the Morguldean, it backed out of the room and turned to walk down the huge hallway. The massive door slid shut behind them. Not only did the heavy steps echo throughout the long hall but the clattering sounds of the spidery legs which carried the Morguldeans huge swirling shelled caboose behind joined in with a sound of rapid tapping. It was almost like music. Jupacious opened up a conversation and I was apart of a great train of thoughts from throughout the space station. The Morguldeans were masters at the balanced use of telepathy and telekinesis. Eddy found he was apart of the world of Morguldean thought. 
Two or more minds were needed to establish telepathy. One mind through the joining of many where there is no telling the truth for there is no telling of a lie. A pure telepathic link means there is no way of deception. No secrets could be hidden. This type of open telepathy was like torture for the Ornocks. For this reason the Ornocks were not able to approach Genation.
Telepathically it was revealed to Eddy how Jupacious was planning to take him and Grizz on a trip but for the moment he needed to go a separate way in order to make preparations. Eddy wanted Jupacious to join the collective as it was revealed how Jupacious had a personal stake in the mission of Eddy and Grizz returning to Verticus of the Ied era. Jupacious telepathically asked for the Morguldean to call upon one of his Morguldean brothers to take him to his grand space ship so he could get it ready. With instructions for Eddy and Grizz to be delivered to his space ship promptly, Jupacious further explained how Eddy was concerned about his companion and needed to be with him. 
From what Eddy understood, the space ship Jupacious was preparing was far grander than the others which existed within the world of the Morguldean space station.
Jupacious was handed over to another Morguldean and the two of them phased right through a solid wall and the telepathic awareness of him went out like a light bulb. Eddy felt a great sense of compassion from Jupacious just as the mind link was severed. It was almost as though a great secret was about to be revealed. 
As the Morguldean carried Eddy, he craned his neck, still looking off at the wall where he last saw Jupacious. Concentrating, Eddy tried to re-establish telepathy with Jupacious, but it was no use, Jupacious did not want to broadcast his mind for the moment. A door broke into fragments and collected into the outer frame. This was the function of the door as it opened. The Morguldean carried Eddy through the open door and down a passage which led them to a strange alien eating area. 
Giant Morguldeans filled the room. They were lounging on strange chairs designed for their odd alien forms. Not one of them regarded Eddy as he was carried through the diner. As they ate, they stuffed food into their large mouths where we would find our bellies. The sounds were loud as their mouths slopped with deep guttural moans and sucking noises. If only chuckles could see this. Eddy saw many Morguldean tongues lick at food which rolled out of their mouths to the floor. Some of the sounds they made while they ate were like laughing. Eddy was brought to a table littered with containers of various food items. Eddy could not identify a thing. At the center of the table was a deep clear container and sitting inside of it Eddy saw Grizz. Eddy sat more alert in anticipation to meet Grizz.
The Morguldean placed Eddy in the container gently. Eddy knelt beside Grizz, placed his axe on the ground next to him and said, Grizz, you okay?
Grizz was dressed in his dark gothic armor. He looked up at Eddy through the protective slits of his helmets visor, Ed-man, what did they do to you? I couldn't get you to wake up. I thought you were dead!
I'm fine, Grizz.
They took me from you at your bumble bee space ship and they were beginning to rough me up. All I wanted to do was escape and survive but these aliens can be treacherous when they want to be. They doped me up with some strange light they flashed in my eyes. I let them scan me, poke me and probe me all they wanted. I thought they were trying to torture me or something but somehow I didnt care what they wanted to do to me. That strange light was good stuff. Turns out, they really didnt do too much to me at all. They were just curious about me. I told you, we should turn around and go back to earth, but... Grizz stood up on the floor of the container and turned himself from side to side at the waist, prior to stretching the muscles of his arms. Look at me, Eddy. I Feel great.
Eddy smiled, for Grizz's sake, but inside Eddy wondered if them being in a bowl at the center of a table in a giant alien's dining hall was because they were the main course or not. Im glad to hear it, Grizz. Now listen, while these Morguldeans were scanning you I made contact with a volk right here in this station. We are going to be taken to him soon, unless these creatures have something else in mind for us. So in the meantime we should take it easy and keep from starting any trouble. Things are working out for us here, and I dont want to mess with a good thing.
You wont find any arguments from me, Ed-man. Im not stupid, but if things go sour, I will survive. I dont care how big these things are, if they push me, Ill kill them all.
Well, I hope it wont have to come to that. I am glad to see youre doing fine Eddy looked up and beheld the sight of Morguldeans gathered all around them. It looked like all of them and they were not socializing anymore. Their eye clusters extended out on their long necks and surrounded the container from all sides. They came so close it was like they were going to touch the barrier. A few of them held things over Eddy and Grizzs Heads. It was as though a strange rain began as little pieces of alien food was sprinkled and fell on them and all around them. The two little brothers were like lab pets the way they were fed. Grizz refused to entertain the Morguldeans and wiped the fallen food from himself. However, Eddy was very hungry and he figured the Morguldeans knew volks well enough from having contact with Jupacious, to know what a volk could and could not eat. Eddy tried to taste the food. It lacked flavor but he gathered as much food as he could and filled his deep pockets.
Grizz, we have no idea when we will be able to get food again. It would be best for us to take all we can carry now. Obviously, the Morguldeans took note of how Eddy was gathering the food so they made a package of the food and dropped it at Grizzs feet. The package was tightly bound about the size of a paper grocery bag. Grizz picked up the package and gave the Morguldeans a side long stare. Grizz jumped up and lurched his hands out at the Morguldeans and roared. The Morguldean eyes did not flinch at all. 
Grizz was disappointed because he could not intimidate them. These sure are strange creatures Ed-man. Grizz stated, as the containment unit which held Eddy and Grizz was lifted off the table by a Morguldean.
Sure, Grizz, they are the strange ones. I heckled Grizz humorously, but Grizz decided to ignore me.
Grizz and Eddy immediately collapsed when their container was lifted, due to the bouncy swinging motion. The Morguldean was carrying Grizz and Eddy out of the alien cafeteria through the long maze of halls, when a huge door fragmented open as before. After they passed through the door, Eddy saw it reconstruct itself as the fragments fell into place establishing a door as good as new. Certain they were being taken to Jupacious, the Morguldean placed the container on the ledge of the satellite where both Grizz and Eddy could look out over the huge city below. Looking out to the sky, Eddy and Grizz saw how they were still within the shiny metal walls of the space station. The artificial sun, outside, sliced a beam of light through the opening of the protective shield as it lazily made its way around the planet. Eddy was correct in his presumption, they were being taken to Jupacious as telepathic information confirmed for as he and Grizz looked across the great city below they could understood that Jupacious was within a large golden cone shaped structure of the planet's surface. As the golden cone structure began to rise, Eddy realized it was their space craft. 

Jupacious was taken to his great space craft to make the final preparation. This was a unique step in pre-flight operations for anyone. What he was about to do had never been done before. Jupacious had befriended a certain blue orb of life energy from the Genation nebula and he named it Quasarious. The little blue orbs were known as Galordians and they resided within Genation. None of the Galordians were able to leave the boundaries of Genation, but Jupacious found a way for one of them to be appointed and become connected to a space craft. What Jupacious had asked of Quasarious the Galordian was for him to cease being a Galordian and become the space craft itself, a space craft which could think and feel as it would essentially become a living vessel. To do this, Jupacious had to release the Galordian from the collective and grant him the freedom of choice and independent thought. For many years, Jupacious had adopted Quasarious so he could get used to being disconnected from the others.
When Quasarious's life energy fused with the Morguldean space craft, the space craft lit up with power and energy. It ceased to be just a Morguldean space craft and became the Quasarious.

Grizz peered through the display window of their container as he tried to make sense of what he was looking at. To Grizz, the golden cone did not look like a space craft at all. For all he knew, he was looking at another extension to the strange alien world. Like a tall pointy pyramid, the Quasarious was as large as a mountain.
It was the largest space craft Eddy and Grizz had ever seen. The hull was a bright golden color and seemed to give off a warm light as it leveled out and rose to them. Smooth and sleek like a golden tear-drop that reflected surrounding images the space craft was created as a complete structure, not from many tiny pieces. Made of one tough piece of forged metal from select pressurized rare minerals discovered only at the heart of Genations red and blue swirls the craft was truly unique and special.
Eddy and Grizz were inside the capsule shaped container that the Morguldean placed into a tube. The Morguldean fluttered its hand over a spider web designed sensor. When the sensor lit up with green shooting lights, Grizz and Eddy's capsule was immediately sent to the huge space craft. They traveled through the air where they were received by the great golden craft.
Grizz, do you realize what this is? Eddy's enthusiasm was well out of place in Grizz's opinion.
I have never seen the likes of a place like this in my whole life. With wide eyes of child-like wonderment, Grizz tried to take in all he could.
I think this is a space craft. explained Eddy as he tried to make sense of all he could.
What part of that thing is the space ship? asked Grizz, knowing full well Eddy wasn't the best source of information here.
The entire thing is a space ship, Grizz. The entire thing... as Eddy thought about the possibility of what he said, he felt more confident about his answer.
Ed-man, it's too big. Breathed Grizz, in awe the closer they approached it.
The space craft received the capsule of Eddy and Grizz at the other end. Within the space craft at the receiving bed of the capsule, Jupacious stood as though he was waiting for them for a long time. The capsule was tapped lightly by a device and it split open. Welcome to the Quasarious. Jupacious said warmly. This is the vessel which will take you to your destination, Eddy. Jupacious explained, though his efforts only confused them all the more. The Quasarious has a harnessed momentum core drive system and enunamic field technology for unlimited deep space exploration.

Eddy stepped out of the capsule first. He propped his axe up over one shoulder and stepped aside as Grizz followed, speaking in his average intellectual voice, Eddy introduced, Jupacious, this is Grizz. Eddy looked back at Grizz and motioned with an open palm as he waved before Jupacious. 
Approaching Grizz, Jupacious had no sense of boundaries. Moving in close, Jupacious put his nose close to Grizz's neck and sniffed. Well son, I'm glad you made it. Jupacious smiled welcoming.
Ya crazy weirdo. You the pilot? Grizz lit up with his own brand of colorful charisma.
And Grizz, this is Jupacious. Eddy introduced though he felt it was a waste of time. Grizz's mask concealed his stone cold un-enthusiastic eyes. Jupacious smiled confidently and gestured for them to follow him. He led them out of the room, down a very long hallway. The passage brought them to the guidance center of the ship. 
The guidance center was very clean and new in appearance. Jupacious walked over to a seat at the center of countless other seats to the guidance chair. Eddy noticed a lack of controls for a craft as large as the Quasarious. There, he unclasped his long cloak and hood and threw it over the chair. Eddy was amazed how Jupacious was not only very old, but he was very skinny for a volk, malnourished and dirty. His clothes were certainly not of volk origin. Jupacious stood at the guidance station seeming out of place next to such clean and new instruments. He stood as though waiting for something from us. Eddy approached Jupacious holding out some of the food from his pocket. Jupacious gladly accepted the offer and smiled at Eddy. Something in the eyes of Jupacious caused Eddy to feel more alive. Eddy could literally feel his heart beating in his chest. It beat so hard he wondered if there was something wrong with himself. Strangely, Jupacious said, You have a good heart. Grizz remained silent with no coy remarks.
With the increased blood flow throughout Eddys body he began to heat up and sweat. Jupacious turned away, taking a great bite from the pink flaky food as he sat down at the control panel of the guidance seat.
With a mouthful of food he said, If you will sit here beside me, Eddy, I will show you how to work these controls. He motioned for Eddy to sit beside him at another guidance station.

A large door of the cargo bay slid open and the Quasarious moved out slow and gallantly. The sleek shape of the huge space craft reflected on the side of the gigantic Morguldean space station. They moved out from the purple energy ribbon, where they set a course with precise speed and headed for the eye of the blue swirl of Genation. Like a dart to the bulls eye of a target board they flew to the center of the swirl where the great spear of light made contact with its source of light. Lightening flashed with a crackling of pure energy as the space craft powered up and delivered a deep ominous BOOM!
Eddy and Grizz vanished into Genation to another space and time.

TO BE CONTINUED . . .

Bonus Chapter

Jupacious lifted his old thin hand. Quivering slightly, he pointed his grey wrinkly finger. The raised metacarpals and knuckle caps were dry and yellowed with age, as was his nails and fore-arm plates. Jupacious placed the palm of his hand upon a shiny, smooth deep black ball which was attached to the end of each captain's chair arm rest. At his touch the black orbs began to light up brightly as many of the tiny blue lights of living energy rolled around rapidly inside. The entire craft surged with a wave of energy as the Quasarious powered up.
The entire structure came alive with energy as the golden metal became luminescent. Small sparks of light travelled along any edge or seam, even hidden seams.
The Quasarious has a harnessed momentum core star drive system and enunamic field technology. Spoke the words of Jupacious as he piloted the monumental golden space craft toward the planet's outer shells. 
With the assistance of the Morguldeans, the planet's protective shielding moved apart further to allow for the Quasarious to get through easily. Information came to Eddy by telepathic means which explained how the world of the Morguldeans was very old. They had known of Genation for a long time, but before their sun exploded and their home world was about to be destroyed, they fitted the planet with technology which allowed it to move away from their sun. Knowing Genation was the most wondrous place of interest, they decided to make the long journey of moving their entire planet from their galaxy to the Genation nebula. There they would continue their studies, and it was there they remained.
The Quasarious, monumental in size, glided out from between the massive opening.
The ship was shaped like a golden tear-drop with the point being the nose of the vessel. Its arrow-head shape and smooth golden reflective hull made the Quasarious the toughest Morguldean ship for its time, in the entire expanse of space. Jupacious had the Quasarious redesigned for the purpose of serving volks, but his modifications became so extensive the golden space craft was almost entirely rebuilt. The interior remained large and spacious so it could still accommodate Morguldeans.
Hidden claws were tucked up under the nose, almost invisible to the naked eye. As were the insect like mechanical legs which were curled in underneath, fitting perfectly to the surface of the outer hull. The outer hull, like a golden mirror of iridescent light, as it charged up with energy. 
Starting its forward momentum, the Quasarious moved away from the Morguldean space station as it pulled its two iridescent protective halves back together to keep their home planet safe within. The small sun burning brightly at the end of the long thin extension began to burn out while the space station slowly continued rotating within the field of the purple ribbon trail of hydrogen. 
The energy ribbon was a great tattered ring of luminescent hydrogen gas and shattered crystal shards, which together, conducted a mysterious flow of energy. This energy, emitting a soft purple light, encircled the entire expanse of Genation.

Jupacious explained there were no controls or navigational console, rather Eddy would have to connect his thoughts with the Quasarious using telepathy. With these simple instructions Jupacious explained how Eddy would, for the first time, pilot the Quasarious. Jupacious paused for a moment as he looked at Grizz. Across from them sitting quietly, observing the lesson, Grizz sat strapped into one chair of countless other passenger chairs stationed in a circle and each one facing inward to the captain's chair. You can be the next to learn how to pilot the Quasarious. Jupacious told Grizz.
No thanks. I don't trust the whole telepath thing. My mind has been screwed with enough. There was no monitor to project the forward view or a great windshield to observe the space around them. 
All sight was dependent on telepathy and the Quasarious was like an eye full of eyes. It could see everywhere and with more volks to fill the seats in the navigations chamber, a new collective of perspective could be formed. Once Eddy understood this, he sat in the pilot's chair and placed his hands on the orbs and the orbs came alive with light and activity within. Jupacious introduced Eddy to the living space craft, Quasarious. Eddy plotted a course consisting of a wide arc which brought the great ship into the path of the mighty spear of light within the blue swirl of the Genation nebula. This enormous and intense energy of light pointed out into space from the very center of the blue swirling monstrosity.
The intelligence of the space craft Quasarious automatically changed the mode of the viewer so the blinding light they steered into would not be so intense. Picking up speed, the Quasarious, sizzled through the beam of light which originated at the center of the blue swirl. At the moment they entered therein, Jupacious's body bursted into a blinding light. His light was so intense, it seemed to have beams stretch out from it. These beams of light penetrated everything in the navigational deck. All solid matter became one with the light energy. Jupacious turned his head to face Eddy. When Eddy looked at the face of Jupacious, Jupacious opened his eyes and light shot out. The light from his eyes were even more intense. The beams of intense light from the eyes of Jupacious struck Eddy right in his eyes then Eddy's body began to light up as well.
While all of this was going on, Grizz roared loudly as he squeezed his eyes shut with the support of his wide hands to cover them over.
The explosion of alien energy enveloped Eddy. He threw his head back to separate his sight from the light of Jupacious. Looking around, Eddys volk eyes adjusted to the brightness. He found everything to be frozen in time. He was still within the navigational command bridge of the Quasarious. The body of Grizz was still strapped to the seat, while the bodies of Jupacious and himself were ignited into brightness. Grizz, however, like everything else became frozen in time.
So, it is true. Spoke the voice of Jupacious, You did inherit the key to Genation.
The what? Eddy asked in bewilderment. He noticed many orbs of light enter into the bright room. These other orbs of light were the telepathic intelligent Galordians of Genation. They flew in through the walls and accumulated in the navigational chamber like a tornado they surrounded Eddy and Jupacious, before they closed in on them.
You know the story. You told it so well. Jupacious spoke. Your father, Mulunac, was taken into the Genation nebula. What you couldn't mention was the rest of the story. You see, he did not die. Rather, he lived as a being composed of living energy. He defeated Scade-O-Rukk and freed the Galordians of Genation. When Scade-O-Rukk was imprisoned, the Galordians granted Mulunac rulership over Genation and over the Galordians themselves.
 How do you know? Eddy asked, still somewhat dazed at the experience of light energy coursing throughout his body.
I will show you how I know. Jupacious stood up from the single navigations chair. 
My body, Jupacious. What have you done to me? Eddy asked as he examined his arms and hands. He looked over his shoulder and noticed Grizz was covering his eyes but he was unnaturally still. And what has happened to Grizz? Is he dead?
No, he is not dead. At the moment you and I exist outside of momentus real time and now reside within a fraction of time. Your body has the genetic ability, as does mine, to become very powerful. Grizz simply lacks the genetic life energy capabilities because his mind is not volk so he can not co-exist in this world. He will have to remain with his body in momentus real time.
Are there other volks who have inherited the key to Genation? Eddy was as inquisitive as a child. An increasing multitude of Galordians appeared and surrounded the two volks of light. These beings were the Galordians who were loyal to Jupacious. They were identical little bluish orbs of pure living energy and they could fly around where ever they wished.
 I have learned, it was predicted long ago, how a King would come and save the Galordians from the oppressive rulership of Scade-O-Rukk. This King would be called Jupacious and he would have a very powerful son, Prince Avorian who would free the Galordians from Genation after he destroyed everything that was ever created... All existence. Jupacious looked up at all of the Galordians swirling around them and when the power from the beams of his eyes came upon them, the Galordians began to spin around the chamber even faster.
Until now, Mulunac believed no other volk possessed this capability. You are living proof it is not Mulunac alone who can survive here. There is yet another His son.
Jupacious? Eddy questioned as he put the pieces together and was spurned to a new realization. Youre my father?
I am, Mulunac. Your Father. Eddy was filled with joy and the moment moved him deeply. Mulunac was also overjoyed to reveal himself to his son. By this time it was as though Eddy and Mulunac were surrounded by countless glowing snowflakes. And these, my son, are my Galordians. They are the height of all life-forms. Galordians are perfect life forms and are composed entirely of life energy. They can become invisible and exist in every level of reality from spiritual to mortal. They only lack a king because through telepathy, they are one. They are all loyal to me and I rule them all, but being king is more than just controlling the Galordians. As I said, they are at the top of intelligence and I, King Jupacious, must full fill my role as king and steward of the one who wields the power of creation. I must tend to the needs of the Galordians and all of Genation.
Who is the one who wields the power of creation? Eddy asked.
I have only met the one who wields the power of creation once. He is complete energy and light and he will keep his creation power here in Genation from time to time. He is more powerful than all for he has created the creation power.
Sounds like you met God. When Eddy said this he received no reaction from Mulunac, but the Galordians had questions of their own. 
Jupacious? Our King? Have you returned? asked the countless Galordians as it was a question anticipated by all of the Galordians.
I have returned! spoke Mulunac, before a great electrical crack was sounded as the Galordians cheered with thunder for the return of their King.
Hail King Jupacious! Lord of the Galordians! Ruler of Genation!
Hail King Jupacious! Lord of the Galordians! Ruler of Genation!
Hail King Jupacious! Lord of the Galordians! Ruler of Genation!
And with me, I have brought my son. My one true off-spring and heir to the rulership of Genation. Hail your prince! Prince Avorien! The Galordians examined Eddy closely and found he too carried the Scade-O-Rukk key to power over space and time.
Hail Prince Avorien! Heir to the throne of Genation!
Hail Prince Avorien! Heir to the throne of Genation!
Hail Prince Avorien! Heir to the throne of Genation!
As two phantoms of light, Mulunac led Eddy right through the thick golden hull of the Quasarious. They came through to the outside of the great craft and ventured out through the blue nebula. All of the Galordians followed after them for a short while before they dispersed and flew away. Where did they all fly off to Jup-, Mul-, father? I dont know what to call you. You have made quite the names for yourself.
Yes, son. They have left us to spread word throughout all Genation of our arrival. As for how you are to recognize me, in this place you should address me as Jupacious, Master, Lord, Majesty, King or Father. No one here will understand the name Mulunac or Eddy. Those are volk names and such are not the way of the Galordians. You and I are not here by accident.
This is all so overwhelming for me, Father. I have so much of this world to explore and understand, and you! I have so much to ask of you. Must I address you as Master even before I have had an opportunity to know you? Eddy questioned though all he wanted was for his father to spend some time with him so he could know him more.
Would you dishonor me in this place? Mulunac's voice came with the authority of a true king, though in the world of Genation, all speech was telepathic.
Of course not. I need time to consider this new life, and if I even want to be a part of it. This was not a life Eddy had ever dreamed possible, yet here he was. Suddenly, Eddy found himself cast to a world of a very different alien culture. He hadn't even developed an opinion of this place yet and he was made a Prince over it. Never before in his life had he known a world composed of light, energy, space and time.
Eddy was more accustomed to the world of Earth where he was born and raised with his mother, in a human dominated society.
What? Mulunac seemed to be infuriated. Would you have me believe you are not interested in the world of Genation? You would cast this place, this gift, aside?
Dont be angry. I still know nothing of this world. Besides, I did not set out from earth to come here, but to pass through this place and go home to verticus. Mom and I had planned this for my whole life.
Mulunac thought about this for a moment. Gastonish never understood the importance of Genation or the work Mulunac was destined to accomplish. Mulunac was excited to have an opportunity to form an alliance with his son and with their combined effort bring an end to the futures demise. Yet he wondered if the timing was right. Mulunac had not prepared to meet with his son, nor did he even know he had a son until recently. Perhaps he had anxious thoughts for his sons future. Time was strange in the world of Genation and certainly it wouldnt be right to deny his son of an opportunity to experience life as a volk and accomplish all his dreams. He knew Gastonish would want what was best for their son. 
Mulunac, Lord of Genation, decided the most honorable thing he could do was explain in brief, the world of Genation and what the escalating situation could mount to. I understand your mothers wish for you to go home where there is family waiting for you and where you might even start a family of your own. I want all of this for you as well but I have important business here. I want to show you everything and when youve understood what I am trying to do here, you may decide to reconsider your choice. The light of Mulunac seemed to flicker like a candle touched by a draft. I will give you the choice, but I am sure you will not want to leave. Yet, for you and I, time is an ally. We can use it to our favor. If you leave, all will not be lost. Your face alone has given me great hope, though my heart mourns to see Gastonish again. If you do choose to go to Verticus your mind will be forever set on this place. As were my own thoughts at one time. I could not bare to be away. In fact, it would take a great effort for you to consider a separate life of any kind.
Very well, Father, explain it to me, and I will choose. Eddy said, though his mind was quite certainly made up.
Eddy followed Mulunac with a leap of faith which proved he trusted his father completely. Together they departed from the vicinity of the Quasarious and flew into the heart of the icy blue swirl. As they moved in through the great glowing gases of one of the bluish spiral arms, Eddy was amazed at the beauty. From a distance the hydrogen gases appeared like clouds, but as they ventured within, Eddy was amazed to find the gases had much more structure to them. They moved in under a great bright fold. Energy waves in the form of light moved out across the surface toward them. Many of the gases resembled slow lazy flames, but were also like walls of rounded corridors. Mulunac was taking Eddy in through one of these tube shaped passage ways. Licking flashes of light were not consistent as some moved very slow, almost at a standstill, while others moved very fast.
Galordians were not in short supply. They seemed to exist everywhere, and they were beyond count. They were with Eddy and his father as they soared in with incredible speed. Countless star systems existed here with life sustaining planets in orbit. Deeper into the blue glow of Genation. It was both beautiful and violent, like a cold sunset filled with the furious motion of an icy Hell. Within Genation, you and I have powers beyond understanding, but strange as it may seem, there is still much power needed to keep Genation under our control. Here in this blue twin of Genations nebulas, we are surrounded by my loyal Galordians. Galordians are a race of good, highly intelligent beings of living energy. Within the red twin of Genations nebula Kalordians reside. You and I have power to rule them also for they are leaderless. As i told you earlier, I have defeated Scade-O-Rukk. The Kalordians are no different than the Galordians for They too are favorable and just as intelligent, only when the Galordians and Kalordians meet, they are at odds. They will fight, and they will fight to the death for no other reason except that they are opposites. You see, the Kalordians have never fully given themselves over to my authority as the Galordians have. They still feel a sense of attachment to their previous master, Scade-O-Rukk.
Scade-O-Rukk? You have mentioned this name before. Who is Scade-O-Rukk exactly? Eddy asked as they passed right through a wall of glowing hydrogen gas. From a distance, the blue nebula appeared to be only one color, but Eddy discovered, within it was many colors. The wall reminded Eddy of the Northern lights.
When I first arrived here, Eddy, Genation was ruled by a powerful being who went by the name Scade-O-Rukk. The Galordians and Kalordians lived under the oppression of this tyrant's rule. They wanted desperately to find a solution and achieve a simpler existence, but Scade-O-Rukk only tightened his grip on them, all the more. When The Galordians discovered me, they claimed me as their new ruler and King. They empowered me and enhanced my train of thought. Scade-O-Rukk wanted to destroy me from the beginning, but he had no idea I would prove to become such a dangerous adversary. With the help of the Galordians, I was able to turn Scade-O-Rukk's power against him and ultimately imprison him within the center of the red swirl. It is there, where he waits to be free to conquer me and reclaim his authority over Genation. There is much more for me to tell you but not here in the presence of Galordians.
A Galordian flew before Mulunac and said, Lord Jupacious, I will always be loyal to you and your son, Prince Avorien.
Mulunac slowed to a halt as did Eddy, before Mulunac addressed the Galordian. I would expect nothing less. As Mulunac spoke, the Galordian began to glow brighter as though it was gaining power somehow. Be courageous and wise and look deeper within yourself to find a place of mercy for your brothers of the red twin. Mulunac's advice seemed to discourage the Galordian but before it left, Mulunac reached out with an arm of electrical energy and stroked the Galordian. The Galordian was filled with power and shot away from us in a streak of bright light. Mulunac turned to Eddy and said, Our presence here gives power to these Galordians. Because they draw power from us, and hang on our every word we must not slip nor fail. I work to bring these two kinds, Galordian and Kalordian together but they will not listen. It seems to be their nature, which is beyond their logic of control, to keep from fighting between each other. I have taught them, being as convincing as I could, to restore peace to the Kalordians but despite my efforts they will not obey me.
Mulunac continued to move deeper into the blue swirl of Genation. Naturally Eddy followed his father. Mulunac had planned a tour for his son. Quickly but carefully, Mulunac planned out the best possible route and took the lead.
This is the situation; Mulunac continued. The red swirl of the Genation twin is being drawn near to the blue swirl, and the blue swirl is like-wise being drawn nearer to the red. As these twins eventually move together, the Galordians will fight. As they fight, they will destroy one another until there is not even one left. Note also the difference of the nebulas as we crossed time. In the past, these two nebulas were much further apart and the spears of light passing through the centers of the twins stretched endless out into space. These spears of light are time lines. The one passing through the blue nebula is the time line of the past. The other time line passing through the red nebula is the future. You and I have no power to enter this future time line. Somehow, Scade-O-Rukk has hidden it from me. It is here with us in Genation some place, only Scade-O-Rukk knows for sure where but he will not relinquish it to me. Without this power or key, I am unable to venture into the future to see what might happen. If nothing is done before the time lines pass completely through the nebulas, the twins will merge and the power created from this will cause the birth of a colossal blackhole. This blackhole will pull everything ever created in existence back to this spot where it will be an event like no other. All matter will be condensed to a novice seed of unmeasurable proportions. After a great duration of time its' power will be released and the seed will explode. This will give way to the next creation.
You see, at one time, when Genation was new and when creation was new, at a time when the universe was beginning to settle down after the spectacular momentous release of light, power and life, Genation was a very active nebula. It was like a haze of colored gas stretching throughout the new reaches of space. Its colors spanned out and touched all things with an array of multicultural Galordians. Purple, blue, red & pink and they all lived and worked together to create the foundations of our universe. Together they were harmony. With seemingly unlimited powers to link amongst one another, creative knowledge with great capability, the Galordians, though different, performed like the DNA of our known reality to create a magnificent universe filled with planets, stars and many other wonders. They worked as they were programmed to, by a much greater intelligence.
One Galordian depended on the special talents and capability of another. They functioned in a circle which marveled any social system I have ever known before. Together, they helped to substantiate entire galaxies. They worked hard to fashion countless galaxies at once, but as with all good things, something terrible was destined to take place. A being was created by the greater intelligence and appointed to have ruler ship over all Genation. This being was known as Scade-O-Rukk.
Scade-O-Rukk was the most powerful and cunning under the overseer of greater intelligence. A time came when Scade-O-Rukk challenged the overseer. Scade-O-Rukk played a game of wit and cheated the overseer. Though Scade-O-Rukk ultimately won the challenge, the overseer was furious at how Scade-O-Rukk cheated in order to get his way. The overseer of greater intelligence banished Scade-O-Rukk with his Galordian followers along with his prized abilities to the nebula of Genation. None could leave Genation, however the creations of galaxies were permitted to pass and span out to the far reaches of space. The ability to create was taken from the Galordians. None of them were permitted to leave so an incredibly large invisible boundary was established to surround Genation. All of the Galordians were fixed on their galaxy creations and they blamed Scade-O-Rukk for the separation. They all went slowly mad as a parent would who is torn from their child.
With a great passing of time and the intervention of Scade-O-Rukk, the Galordians divided into those who favored the past and those who favored the future. Those who favored the future also favored Scade-O-Rukk and believed he would eventually redeem himself in the eyes of the overseer. The Galordians lost their harmony. The Galordians who pledged loyalty to Scade-O-Rukk became Kalordians. Of all Galordians in existence, exactly half of them became their exact opposites, the Kalordians. Unfortunately, they continue to squabble when they are brought together. My job is to find the balance between them again before Genation begins to implode and it is too late.

Descending into the blue Genation twin, Eddy was continually surprised to find how Genation was truly so much more than a pretty nebula in space. Within the swirl were countless stars and solar systems. With super speed they moved past several solar systems and Eddy witnessed a variety of different planets.
Eddy was aware of an abundance of Galordians gathering around them. When the crowd of Galordians became too thick, Mulunac and Eddy slowed to a stop.
Master, it is true? We heard of your arrival and saw the power in some of our brothers, then we came immediately. Just name your command and we shall do it. We live only to serve and obey you.
Yes, be empowered and be ready. Mulunac exclaimed with supremacy. For I have not returned alone. Behold my son, Prince Avorien.
A wave of noise erupted out of the still growing crowd of Galordians. The sudden upheaval of noise startled Eddy, but he quickly realized it was due to celebration and rejoicing. King Jupacious had returned. My Galordians have caught up with us. I will have to show you more of this wondrous place at a later time. You and I have responsibilities that must be taken care of. Then Mulunac turned to address the crowd of Galordians. Certainly there is much to do, and I will ask for much from all of you but before we begin, I ask you not to hold us up any further. My son will accompany me to the Capital planet of Efferstauo, to the kingdom of Protalentus. We must do this immediately and it is my wish, all of you attend. We will establish a tenulobe stream so all Galordians will be able to witness the occasion.
There was a moments pause, then a tunnel through the thick crowd of Galordians opened before them. Mulunac and Eddy headed onward through the tunnel.
The voices of the Galordians erupted once again in unison; Make way for King Jupacious and Prince Avorien. Welcome the King and the prince. Welcome to Efferstauo. Reclaim the throne to the Kingdom of Protalentus. All hail the King! - All hail the king! - All hail the King! May He rein forever! They repeated this many times as Mulunac and Eddy flew through a channel which took them out of the blue Genation nebula. They traveled out along the outskirts of one of the curved spiral arms to a tight location between the red and blue nebulas. At the precise center, between nebulas, at a station where a red spiral arm and a blue spiral arm were about to touch, there existed a single solar system. This single solar system was alone in this neutral zone. Like a mediator between Galordians and Kalordians, the planet of Efferstauo was the first step Jupacious took to find peace between them.
The sun of this solar system was both unique and fascinating. bright white and intense with three glowing yellow rings circling it. One ring, the strongest ring, circled the equator with another ring circling midway to the north and a third ring circling midway to the south. The name of this spectacular star was Hextriouze. It had twenty-one planets circling around it in single file and each of these twenty-one planets supported life. The largest of these twenty-one planets was Efferstauo.
Nearing this planet, it was clear, it did not support life to just any alien species. This planet catered exclusively to Galordians and their rivals, the Kalordians. Efferstauo was speckled with twinkling lights. No clouds covered the planet which made it easy to see the thin lines of light which crept across the surface like a grid. A closer examination revealed grids within grids. The planet was like a strange ball, far too perfect to be natural. With all of the lights on it, Eddy wondered if it was to mimic all of the stars existing in the cosmos.
At the surface of the planet, Eddy was surprised to find no water on the grand world. When they were no less than fifty meters from the planet's surface, Eddy could see how the planet itself was made of solid metal teaming with the busy movements of living energy. Mulunac and Eddy glided low across the surface of Efferstauo while leading a massive tidal wave of Galordians behind them. At such a low altitude they could easily see the levels of grids which were inter woven connections of the glass-like fibers. These fibers allowed the Galordians to travel anywhere they wanted whether it was over or even within the planet. With the use of these direct and safe circuits, transportation was as simplified as their exchanging of telepathic thought. If there were dark areas of glass fiber grids, it meant these were unoccupied sections. 
Because the Galordians and Kalordians would ultimately destroy one another, the super connectors allowed safe passage for Galordians and Kalordians. Safely they could travel through without confronting one another. More importantly, these super connectors were a means for the Galordians and Kalordians to become part of one large global mind. This was the plan of Jupacious from the beginning. The Galordians never needed this planet to share their minds just as Kalordians never needed a planet to share their minds, but in order for the Galordians and the Kalordians to share their minds as one, the importance of the planet Efferstauo became clear. Hence the living combination of Galordians and Kalordians.
Mulunac had brought Eddy dangerously close to the jagged glass-like fibers, frayed in places where they stuck out like sharp pointed spears. Suddenly, two sharp points nearly scratched Eddy. Father, isnt this just a little dangerous? asked the flying luminescent Eddy. Just then, the tip of a spear slightly touched Mulunac and he vanished light and all. Eddy was startled by the disappearance of his father just as a spear tip took him also.
Within the sophisticated transportal fibers of Efferstauo, Eddy fought to keep his mind separate, but it was far too sufferable. The comforting, reassuring voice of his serious minded father spoke wisely. If thoughts were like wind in this world, I would suggest you fill your sails and go where the wind takes you. Eddy surrendered to the thoughts and found enlightenment. Without resistance, Eddy opened his mind and his mind exploded with limitless thought. After Eddy overcame the initial shock of the experience, he began to understand the inner workings of Efferstauo. While Eddy was plugged in, he could see how peaceful and wonderful life was in the blue swirl and how equally blissful life was in the red swirl. He saw a possible life of joy and wonderment with no want or need, only fulfilment. Then he understood some strange but natural resentfulness and hatred for the occupants of the opposite swirl.
The kingdom of Protalentus was nothing like a castle built by human hands. Rather, it was a deep level of the planet, a level of crust, as it were, which encased the core of Efferstauo. In order to get to the palace level of Protalentus, one must first pass through several other layers of the planet. This core casing, or kingdom was thick and built to have many great capabilities on a global scale. Considered larger than any kingdom built on earth, the kingdom of Protalentus was where Mulunac hoped to change the destructive course of existence.
All Galordians, including the Kalordians, were aware of King Jupacious and Prince Avorien. With bodies, strangely sophisticated to the beings who had shapes of spheres, for after all, King Jupacious and Prince Avorian's bodies resembled the body of light belonging to the Overseer. 
Mulunac and Eddy floated near to a great wall of substance and mass decorated in the most magnificent designs. Jupacious took his place at his throne which was actually a glorified con-cave area built into the steep menacing wall. Eddy quickly took his place, in a slightly less magnificent, but no less spectacular, shallow open hole. The chamber itself was packed full of blue Galordians waiting patiently to hear the importance of their King.
En-wreathed around each of the con-cave thrones were intricate designs created from metals of white, silver and crystal. Sculptures of creatures, planets and other significant materials collected from the worlds of Genation were hedged within of the intricate artistry. The only creature Eddy recognized was the small statue of a Morguldean.
Both Mulunac and Eddy were able to super charge the Galordians and the Kalordians who filled the main chamber. From their specially designed thrones they could equally charge-up, and empower Galordians who occupied the palace area of Protalentus. Within Genation the specific Galordian power or Kalordian power seemed to be available with no end. Genation was teaming with many kinds of energies. Eddy found the more power he used, the more power was available to him. After Mulunac and Eddy empowered the Galordians, they themselves were empowered.
All Galordians and Kalordians of Genation, hear me, for my voice is the voice of your King, King Jupacious. Join me as we welcome Prince Avorien, heir to the throne of Genation. An escalating noise immediately filled the great chamber as the Galordians and Kalordians cheered. Onward now, to more pressing matters. I have told you all, before I ventured out on my quest, I would not return until I had found the answer which would bring harmony back to Genation and amongst you Galordians and Kalordians. The mystery to this puzzle is as good as solved here in my son and your prince, prince Avorien. My faith has been restored in the knowledge of prince Avorien's purpose which is to bring to you all, the great gift of peace and harmony. All of this is found inside of him.
A distilled silence fell upon the palace. Eddy was suddenly aware of the animosity between the Galordians and Kalordians. The words of their King, Jupacious, seemed to make reference to them living together. From Eddy's understanding, it was a bitterness which drove them apart. Like a blood feud which ran so deep with such an unforgiving and merciless history, a simple solution was not obvious. Then it was clear to Eddy, the full range and scope of the problem. He found it was a mathematical improbability for these two opposites to ever find peace. Yet, Mulunac understood, at one time peace did exist. It was in this hope of peace where King Jupacious and Prince Avorien believed they could preserve existence. The first step was to imprison Scade-O-Rukk, but this second step of peace would be an added guarantee that creation would not be on its way to self-implosion. Eddy faced the strange possibility of the end of all things and found it was a possibility which weighed heavily on the mind of Efferstauo. The eyes of Eddy Evon had finally been opened by the full scope and serious magnitude of the situation.
No wonder my father was so wound-up in his work. Eddy thought as he looked around at the monumental responsibility before him. Here, in this place, King Jupacious held the balance of existence of all in the palm of his hand.
Suddenly, through tenulobe telepathic means, Eddy had knowledge how the Galordians were trying to keep secrets from the Kalordians. Then he realized other secrets the Kalordians were trying to keep from the Galordians. The creatures and weapons which were secretly being prepared by each side for war made human defense weapons seem like baby toys.
I have much for you all to do in preparation of the day when prince Avorien will complete his destiny. The statement made by King Jupacious was followed by silence.
'My what?' Eddy questioned in his silent thought. 'Is he sure about all of this? How does my father believe he has the answers to my destiny?' Mulunac turned to Eddy and Eddy was aware how through the tenulobe stream (mind-link) all of the Galordians knew of his questions.
Prince Avorien IS the one! Boomed the voice of Jupacious. Then with a more calm and relaxed voice he added, Though he may not know it yet.
The silence became increasingly louder within the tenulobe stream. Prince Avorien may not know what his full potential will transpire to, but I know. With a powerful jolt of energy, a tremor surged throughout the planet, and an experience was shared.
An experience emanated from King Jupacious. He had opened himself up to the memory of the first time he became a part of the Galordian microverse of Genation. Eddy was fully alert. He had anticipated the moment where he would understand his father's story. What better source is there than to experience it from his own father's memory.

'For most of my childhood I felt deeply drawn to this particular nebula. Several times, it would appear in my dreams. Whenever I would see representations of the twin nebula, I would get a strange chill up my spines.' King Jupacious wore no expression over his bright face and he spoke not a word. He simply relaxed and focused on his memories.
'Shortly after I was married, I took my new bride to this Genation nebula. It was as amazing as I had always dreamed it to be. We had to push our way through a strange storm or barrier. According to my scans, this barrier was like a perimeter surrounding both monstrous nebulas within.'
'A strange cluster of lights taunted me to follow them. I now know that the strange lights were a group of Galordians. I followed them right into the purple energy ribbon. There your mother and I found our space craft, the Zandith Crockmior, entrapped within the ribbon of purple energy. We had no control and it promptly took us into the blue Genation swirl. At the center of the swirl where the great projection of light reached out, was the destination where we were being directed. At the moment we made contact with the spear of light and were swallowed up into the blue Genation swirl, we were unaware we had traveled in the reverse of time. A distance of millions of years was traveled in a frame of moment of time. All we experienced was how we were suddenly within the heart of a great turning firmament of fire. I could feel the fire which surrounded us was alive. Two great stars were like eyes glaring at us. An insatiable emotion washed over me of pure hatred for the living fire. Somehow, I knew, I needed to fight it.'
'The Galordians responded to my burning sense of fury. They entered the craft and I began to absorb them into my body. They empowered me. My eyes lit up brightly and my skin began to glow with power. My molecular density began to gain in mass just as it also absorbed so much energy I became ghost like. I passed through my clothes, then I passed right through the hull of the craft. I had a new sense of control over my body. I was paralyzed and unable to use my limbs as I once did, rather I could direct my body in flight with mere thoughts.'
'I was aware the living fire surrounding us was the keeper of the Genation realm and he was pure evil. The Galordians referred to it as Scade-O-Rukk. Just as Scade-O-Rukk was about to attack both me and the craft, the Galordians banded together in a treasonous act to assist me. They created a mass of blue energy which came at me and swept me away. Scade-O-Rukk immediately gave chase and we moved out to the perimeter of the Genation nebula. In a wide arc, I circled back. From there I saw the Genation nebula appeared much different. It was a beautiful nebula of purple inter woven gases which allowed the transferral movement of power and energies. At the center of the gaseous maelstrom were two intersecting beams of powerful light. Instinctively, I wanted to return to your mother but it was more important to protect her. I passed by near to her so I could have one final glimpse of her before she would be lost from me forever. I guided the Galordians to slam into the center of two great intersecting beams of light. The explosion was incredible. existence was very different in this place, milli-seconds were like hours to me. In an instant the Galordians made me aware of Scade-O-Rukks power and they assisted me in claiming it as my own. The powers of Scade-O-Rukk were unlocked free as Scade-O-Rukk had never fathomed the possibility of ever being robbed. The Galordians urged me to absorb the powers as we watched Scade-O-Rukk on his approach. Not only did i absorb the great powers like a thief in the night, but I secured them as well.'
'I found, from the information of the Galordians, just as once predicted long ago, a humble challenger would rise up and defeat Scade-O-Rukk. They had named this predicted challenger, King Jupacious. Thus, I not only claimed the powers of the Genation realm, I also claimed the name and title of King Jupacious. If I wanted to continue receiving co-operation from the Galordians it was clear I would also have to become their King Jupacious. Once I ruled the Galordians, the rest of Genations powers became mine.'
'Swiftly and powerfully, Scade-O-Rukk charged in at me. He had every intention of destroying me but when I gathered his own powers against him, his embodiment of fire exploded. We locked together in a sort of tug-of-war for power. The time-line staff of light was broken. I held the past while Scade-O-Rukk held the future. This was very dangerous to me, but the Galordians explained how it was not something I had to worry about. Scade-O-Rukk thought he had the upper hand until I gathered the power and knocked him back.'
'Impossible! Conceived Scade-O-Rukk, with fire blazing from his eyes. He cant do this! There is no way he could know how!'
'Scade-O-Rukk stood by and witnessed as I absorbed all of the Galordians. Then I absorbed all of Genation. I became omnipotent and continued to suck the power of the red flames from Scade-O-Rukk. I grew incomparably large as Scade-O-Rukk shrunk into a being of organic form, but throughout the struggle I was not successful in taking one power from Scade-O-Rukk, the power from his time-line staff of the future. Though I was powerful enough to do almost anything I wanted, the faithful Galordians warned me not to destroy Scade-O-Rukk or it would lead to the destruction of all things created. I wanted to destroy Scade-O-Rukk more than anything, but with great self discipline, I was able to find another way.'
'Though I was unable to destroy Scade-O-Rukk and I was unable to leave the boundaries of Genation, I imprisoned Scade-O-Rukk in a great asteroid comprised of solid dense matter. After this, I found I too was imprisoned in Genation. Scade-O-Rukk had no power to break free from the asteroid and if he ever could he would not survive. The red Galordians were faithful to Scade-O-Rukk, more so than the Blue Galordians. I named the Red Galordians; Kalordians and a rivalry grew between them and the Galordians. In the end the Kalordians remained with Scade-O-Rukk and I set a red swirl of hydrogen gas around both Scade-O-Rukk and the Kalordians. For me and the Galordians I created a swirling gas to be the exact opposite of Scade-O-Rukks. Balance existed in Genation as, one of the time-line spears of light, the future, pierced the red swirl while the other one, the past, pierced the blue. King Jupacious ended his tale with a look of concentration over his face.

All at once the Galordians cheered for their masters. Mulunac led Eddy out of the kingdom and began to take him on the long stretch back to the Quasarious, but Eddy was following not knowing the destination Mulunac had in mind.
While they were passing out of the solar system of Spextroiuz, Eddy asked, Father, why have we been chosen of the known existence to be the only ones to wield such power? What is it that makes us so special?
I cannot say for you, except that you are my son, but as you now know, before I was brought here to Genation, I was contacted by a force bigger than our unlimited space and beyond the expanse of time... Yes, it was much bigger.
God? Eddy asked with wonderment in his eyes.
Greater than anything one could experience in this world or any other. It was the creator... What makes us so special, you ask? We will likely never know, only the overseer knows the answer. All I can tell you is we have been chosen. Don't worry about the answers, son, just do the best you can to do the right thing.
Then why have I not had such an experience? Eddy was disappointed at the thought of having missed out on such an exciting encounter.
Is it not obvious? Yes, it is clear now. Youre time to do this work has not yet come. Mulunac began to lead Eddy back. Follow me, I will return you to your vessel, Quasarious. I will send you home.

Perplexed, Eddy did not know how he felt. He wanted to stay. He wanted to go. He wanted to please his father. Confused with thought, as though it was a great weight, even too heavy for his own great volk strength to endure. Until it occurred to Eddy that this was to be the end. Time was short and he was not sure if he would ever see his father again. As Mulunac began to lead his son back to the Quasarious, Eddy stopped him, Father, wait please, I have questions, still. Questions I need answered.
Then I shall answer them on the way, come Eddy, onward. Mulunac urged Eddy before they bolted away.
I dont understand how it is, you live. By all rights, you are supposed to be dead.
Mulunac is dead, my son, I am now King Jupacious. I became energy as you and I are now and I was called to Genation. I passed from death and travelled a long journey to this place. One day you will join me here as well.
But if you became energy, how is it, you possessed a body within the Morguldean space station?
Galordians live at an extraordinarily greater rate of speed and time. In secret, I gave up most of my power when I learned of your approach. When you passed through the barrier, surrounding Genation, I let go of most of my power so I would have my mortal body back again. I too was surprised to find my body had grown old and sick. I find it now in constant need of nourishment. Without a need of a body, I have forgotten how to take care of it. I was unaware how much my body suffered and became malnourished. I have not tended to the needs of my body as I once did. I have no such need, so my body became weak and thin. Now I must decide if I want to rejuvenate this body or if I wish to let it die. Before Eddy's eyes, he looked on as his father placed his hands to his stomach.
Mulunac began to fill out. His muscles seemed to inflate like balloons filling with air. Mulunac's skin tightened and grew younger. The rejuvenating process was incredible. Mulunac's body still glowed brightly with power but it was as though he hadn't age a day from the moment he had first entered Genation.
Eddy was amazed how he had his long lost father back, but there was something missing, Why couldnt you come back to get mom and me with the Quasarious? She could still be alive now.
Eddy, please believe me, I am a captive of this place just as Scade-O-Rukk is. I cannot go with you.
Well, we still have a chance. We can control time. Lets go back and get her. Eddy spoke with excitement.
Eddy, you must understand. If we took her from some other point of the past, she would not be able to assist you in your journey to get to this point.
You dont want to save mom? Eddy cut in as he looked at his father like he was the devil.
Of course I do. Mulunac was obviously saddened. I have searched the possibilities, but her death was not in vein. She had a destiny to full fill and she did so. I knew to find you at this exact location and time where you found the Morguldean Space Station. With the help of the Morguldeans I was able to build the Quasarious in preparation of your arrival. We have the power to intervene when and wherever we want but the consequences of what we do may have considerable effects in a very negative way. It is reckless to bend existence around our own selfish desires. Rather, we must keep our efforts pressing forward to the goal. Our use and capability of the powers of Genation are for a greater purpose than our own little lives. Trust me, I know, I have had a lot of experience with Genation and one thing I have learned is we must put our trust in the Overseer. I didn't want your mother to perish, but as you know, you and your brother have not perished. If your mother was supposed to be here she would not have perished. Trust in the Overseer and live your life. I have lived a million life-times among the Galordians and I know this truth well.

Eddy followed his father. They traveled a direct route back to the Quasarious. Passing through the glowing golden hull to the center of the large chamber of chairs, Eddy re-took his position, sitting in the captain's chair. He placed his hands back onto the orbs at the ends of the armrests. Eddy witnessed his father explain how his power was capable of glowing brightly to project a path through time.
Changing course, Eddy piloted the Quasarious back out of the blue center of Genation and headed out on a new course to the red center. Mulunac was not able to help his son through his new course to the red Genation swirl and vanished completely from the Quasarious. Eddys body also shone intensely as his power enveloped the entire Quasarious through the future time-line. 
Eddy relied on his sertz, Evon to provide details for the exact journey which was made on Gastonish's original journey as a reference to return home. As Eddy directed the Quasarious, he realized how there was an art to the time traveling procedure. 
Finally, the Quasarious was piloted out of Genation by Eddy and with the assistance of his sertz, they returned to the year 26,864,789 AD of the Ied era. 

To be continued in;
Genation Book 2 Verticus

Join the Epic Saga

To find more books from Wordpainter Publishing, simply look us up on the world wide web at: 
http://wordpainter-publishing.blogspot.ca

About The Author

Robert A. Hunt resides in his home land of Canada, British Columbia. A diehard story teller since for as long as he can remember. In between building and studying, Robert finds time to write science fiction fantasy which he contends may not be so fiction and unattainable after all. We still have so much to learn about the world we live in. Robert, a full time author, has no plans of slowing down. When Robert is not writing, he is spending time with his family or exploring the beauty of North America because, for him, it is a great way to let his mind free. 

Genation: Earth Volk kicks off the Genation series; a world of complexity and excitement with other titles as, Grizz Rise of the Blackguard (Available now) which is the back story of Grizz, who is an essential character of the Genation series; Verticus, Insectivolk wars and Ultimate Power (All available soon). Other titles from Robert A. Hunt include; Jasper, The legend trilogy; The Crater Mountain Sasquatch Legend, The Coalmont Legend  are available now and The Cross Breed Legend  will be out in 2013.
