If you've read my first two novels, Star Wars: Awakening and Star Wars: Split Horizons, then you already know a bit about Anakin, Khian, and Oreana. If not? I suggest getting your free copy of the novels after reading these stories. 
Essentially, I have written three "prequel" stories about these characters. People have become intrigued by how I have written them in my novels, but I was bombarded with questions about their backstories from my readers. 
So I present to you three short stories about three of my favorite characters. If you had half as much fun reading this as I did writing it, then I'm a happy writer. Stop by my facebook page to learn more about my writing at www.facebook.com/DaveGremillion


Star Wars: A Certain Point of View
By: David Gremillion
Copyright 2013

Oreana

This conversation probably could have gone better. I'm not sure how, but as my mother teared up and my father twisted a napkin in his hands, I was certain that this could have gone better. 
"What do you mean, you're not sure?" he asked. 
"Just that," I took a sip of my hot tea. "It just doesn't hold my interest like it used to."
My mother looked as though I were slowly pressing a knife into her. "Surely," she let out a sob. "This is just a phase, right?"
I asked the question she didn't want to hear. "How do I know that wanting to be a Twi'lek Hostess wasn't a phase?"
Now it looked as though I was twisting the knife into her. My dad tore the napkin in two during the uncomfortable silence that followed. 
"Your grades have always been the best," my father argued. "You must like what you're doing to excel at it as you have."
I rolled my eyes. Didn't he understand that doing something well didn't mean you loved it?
"Honey," my mother tried to regain her composure. "This is something you've wanted since you celebrated your Tenth Year of Life. It's all you talked about day and night for months on end. We took you on day trips, you went to Academy events, we even got a table at the Twi'lek Academy Banquet."
"Cost us a bundle," my father muttered. 
She glared at him. 
"Look," I took another sip. "I'm not saying I want out. I'm just saying that I have serious doubts about being a Hostess. I just don't know if that's what I want to spend the rest of my life as."
My father leaned forward, stroking the lekku tentacles that came down from his head and well past his shoulders. I knew this look all too well. He was about to turn into the Chief Investigator for Ryloth Internal Security. 
"Then what do you want to do?" he asked. 
This was the question that I had dreaded the most. How was it possible to decide your future while drinking tea?
"I don't know. All I do know..." I said quickly as my dad leaned in further. "...is that I'm not sure if I want to be a Hostess. Whatever I want to do, I want it to light a fire under me. I want to feel that spark when I do my job."
"You're letting emotion get in the way," he waved a hand. 
"You are telling me that you don't get a little pumped about your career? You aren't excited about doing your job?" I argued. 
The Chief Investigator was about to encircle me in a great package of logic. I could look into his eyes and see the wheels turning inside his brilliantly sharp mind. He was going to hit me with something so solid that it would certainly border on the irrefutable. 
Before he could bring my world crashing down, a shadow came over our table. We looked up to see Vice-Pettit Viktor standing over us. He was the administrator who oversaw the entire female program at the Academy. Viktor had a thin face with a long nose, but his intellect towered over everyone around him.  
"Good afternoon," he greeted us. "Having a pleasant lunch?"
My father stood up, pumping his hand vigorously. "Vice-Pettit, this is a rare treat for us. What brings you to the South Lawn?"
Viktor sat down at the empty chair. He threw me a smile that gave my goose-bumps shivers of their own. I was tempted to look behind him to see if he were trailing slime. He held one of his lekku in his hand, stroking it tenderly. 
"Can I assume that the conversation is not going well?" Viktor asked. 
My mother nodded slowly, but when Viktor showed up, her tears vanished. My father sat back, the Chief Investigator had vanished. 
"You could say that," he agreed. 
I raised an eyebrow skeptically. "How did you know?"
His goose-bump smile turned to me. "It is called reading body language, my dear. Something we teach at this Academy, remember?"
I folded my arms, leaving my father to pick up the conversation. 
"Vice-Pettit, she's simply not happy. Oreana is having doubts about her future as a Hostess," he said. 
Viktor's smile remained, making my goose-bumps quiver. There was nothing about this man that made me want to trust him. 
"That's a real shame," he replied. "Oreana is one of our stars. I would hate for her to have any second thoughts about her career. I suppose it is only natural to get cold feet this close to graduation, isn't it?"
"This isn't 'cold feet'," I snapped. "I'm just not sure if I want to be a Hostess. I'm not really sure what I want, but this isn't lighting a spark under me. I want to make a difference; I want to do something with my life that will make a real impact on people. I don't see a Hostess doing that."
I took a deep breath. "I know I can be so much more."
Viktor's smile faded. 
""I think Oreana and I should have a little walk and talk together," Viktor stroked his lekku a little harder than before. 
"What for?" I muttered. 
"Let's see if I can find something that will light that spark for you," he replied. 

--------------------------------------------

Bored. 
Thats the easiest way to describe my state of mind. Sitting in a class, listening to an experienced Hostess blab away about todays lesson, was simply mind-numbing. I looked out the window, sighing heavily. The weather on Ryloth was almost inviting. I wanted to go outside, dance, frolic, do anything fun other than sit here. 
The calm weather was rare on a planet experiencing Tidal Locking. Not even a hundred Jedi Masters could start Ryloth's rotation.  One side of the planet would always face the sun while the other never saw the light of day.  Having the Twilek Host and Hostess Academy near the dividing line was imperative to avoid the harsh extremes. It didnt stop the harsh dust storms, the driving wind, or the never-ending sun from bothering off-worlders. 
But every now and then, like today, the weather would be nearly perfect. 
Oreana? Are you paying attention? Pettit Yil asked. 
Nothing worth paying attention to, I answered lazily. 
Several heads turned in my direction. Pettit Yils mouth opened for a moment, but closed it again. Speaking against the word of a Pettit was almost unheard of at the Academy. I didnt care, I really didnt. 
The Pettit put her hands on her hips. I suppose my lecture about feeling empathy toward the client that has engaged you as a Hostess doesnt matter to you? 
Can I just go dance, instead? I asked. Thats all the client wants anyway.
All the heads in my class turned to me. Several jaws dropped at the suggestion. I dont know why theyre so surprised. What more can a girl want than to dance for a client? If youve got it, flaunt it. 
You, of all Twileks, should know that we are known throughout the galaxy for more than our ability to dance, Pettit Yil countered. We are Hostesses, the perfect companion for any client who wishes to engage our services.
I couldnt take it any longer. I stood up and moved my hips back and forth to the rhythm of the ticking clock nearby. This is what the client engages us for. The rest is just garbage.
I think you can dance on down to the Administrators Office, young lady, Pettit Yil pointed to the door. 
The pirouette I did as I left the room was stunning. 

--------------------------------------------

Senior Pettit Quilleran had always been kind, not just to me, but to all of the girls I knew. We looked at him like a doting grandfather whom we respected and tried to never disappoint. As the Administrator for our Academy, he had a great deal of responsibility in turning out the finest Hosts and Hostesses in the galaxy. 
I dont know whats happened in the last week or so, Oreana, he ran a hand through his graying hair. 
You were practically the perfect student. Your marks have been consistently among the highest in the Academy. You were just named a Hostess Candidate on Coruscant to a wonderfully connected family. A positive recommendation from them about the quality of your training would have opened up so many opportunities for hundreds of other hosts and hostesses.  Your future was as bright as any Ive seen. Why the sudden change? Is it the pressure? his eyes conveyed his sadness.   
I sat in a chair, pouting. 
Is the workload getting to you? he asked with genuine concern. 
I stared out the window. Why couldnt I go dancing outside in this wonderful weather?
Perhaps a few days at home would be the key? Recharge the batteries? he tapped his fingers on the desk. 
My foot swung back and forth in rhythm with his tapping. 
Quilleran sat down heavily in his chair. The door chime sounded, interrupting the awkward silence that had settled into the office. 
Senior Pettit, if I may enter? I had heard that Oreana was having difficulties in class, a voice came from behind me. 
Of course, come in, Senior Pettit Quilleran waved his hand. 
Vice-Pettit Viktor crossed the room in great strides, and sat next to me with an inquisitive look on his long, thin face. 
Oreana, whats wrong? What could have caused you to make such a disturbance in your class? he asked. 
Im bored. Sitting there listening to empathy about a client is stupid and pointless, I argued. 
Quilleran opened his mouth, but Viktor held up a hand. 
What would you rather do? he asked. 
I want to dance! I blurted out. I was meant to dance, I love to dance. What does a client want from a Twilek? To see us dance!
Quillerans face lost all of its color. I dont understand. For the past ten years, Ive been able to move our people away from that nonsense. Dancing should only be a small part of what the Academy is about. We're here to train Hostesses to entertain clients in a sophisticated and elegant capacity. I don't want them degrading themselves like common harlots!"
I nearly exploded out of my seat.  Viktor's hand on my knee somehow had the most magical quality to keep me rooted. 
"How about Oreana and I discuss this?" he suggested. "Perhaps we can come to a reasonable solution that benefits all parties."
Pettit leaned back in his chair for a moment. He ran a hand through his graying hair again and hummed to himself. There was no question that he was weighing my future in his head. 
 Would it kill him to tap his fingers again? My body cried out for some semblance of rhythm.  
"Very well," he said at last. "I have an appointment with a journalist in ten minutes anyway. The press is getting wind of our dropping numbers of Hosts and Hostesses and they want answers. I'll leave this in your capable hands, Vice-Pettit Viktor. I'd like to discuss this later this afternoon. I am rather concerned with this behavior."
Viktor turned to me. "Let's take a walk, shall we?"
I followed him down a hallway. When we entered the turbolift, we didn't go up to his office. He pressed the down button, accessing the sub-levels. The elevator music was so soothing. It wasn't the upbeat rhythm I was looking for, but even a soft ballad was enough to get me swaying. 
"You like the music?" he asked. 
"It's nice, but I'd like something with a little bounce to it," I replied. 
He smiled. It was a nice smile, no question about it. 
"Don't you want to dance with me?" he asked. 
I rolled my eyes. Dance with a teacher? Please. 
His smile faded. "I'll have to make an adjustment to the injections."
We exited the lift, heading down a ramp. The lighting wasn't working quite right down here. It made it dark and seedy for an educational center. The lack of lighting wasn't what put me on edge. It was the lack of music. 
Vice-Pettit Viktor pressed his palm against a panel. It flashed red, then green. After that, another panel slid out of the wall. He input a fourteen digit code and the door slid open.
"I'm entertaining someone," he announced before stepping inside. 
I followed him inside and stood next to a chair in the middle of the room. The lack of music was making me queasy. 
Please, sit, he gestured to the chair. 
I cant dance if Im sitting, I protested. 
Sitdownnow. Every word hammered into me as I sat in the chair. 
Viktor placed a series of electrical sensors on my arms, two on my back, and two on my chest. He sat behind a desk, pressed his fingertips together, and waited. 
"How do you feel?" he asked. 
"Look, I just wanna dance," my voice sounded whinier than I meant for it to. 
His smile returned. 
"That might be something we can arrange. First, I'll need you to answer some questions for me. Can you do that?" he asked. 
I fidgeted with my lekku. "I suppose."
He pressed a series of buttons on the desk. "Begin recording. Session Four with Subject Number Three. Physical readings show normal, but the elevated readings in the cerebral cortex are encouraging. Subject is showing physical signs of nervousness when music is not present. Also..."
"Excuse me?" I waved my hand. "What is all this?"
He paused for a moment. "...also follows suggestions but isn't quite docile. Make adjustment to obedience portion of Petersons chemicals."
"I just asked you a question! Did I stutter?" I asked. 
"Not at all, my dear. I just stopped caring what you think," his very pleasant smile returned. 

--------------------------------------------

I woke up in my bed, just as I always had. Something seemed different this morning. My head wascan a head be fuzzy? No, fuzzy wasnt the right word. My head wassoggy. I felt like I needed both my hands to keep my head from melting off of my body. 
The door chime sounded. I tried sitting up, but it didnt take much for me to realize that wasnt much of an option. 
You coming to breakfast? one of my classmates asked. 
All I could do was bury my face into a pillow and moan. 
I wasnt sure how much time passed after she left me to wallow in my misery. After a while, I was able to pick myself up and stagger to the bathroom. The sight of me in the mirror was shocking. I was an absolute mess of a Twilek. 
The door chime sounded again. Without waiting for an answer, Vice-Pettit Viktor entered. He nearly sprinted to me, pressing his hands against the twin lekku tentacles that extended past my shoulders. 
Your pulse is rapid, too rapid. he muttered. Why are they all having such an adverse reaction?
I wanted to respond, but blinking took too much effort. When the door chime sounded again, I threw some cold water on my face. Who else wanted to see me in such a state? 
Viktor opened the door and a human woman stepped inside. She was wearing an optical headset, carried a digital tablet, and had a wonderful sense of fashion. This was a woman I could respect. 
Now isnt the best time, Teresa, Viktor said. 
Five girls are out sick at the same time, the medical staff is going to start running tests soon, and Im going to lose my window to interview them. Now is the best time, she countered. 
Viktors face turned the color of chalk. The Med-Team wants to run tests?
Teresa raised an eyebrow. Is that a problem? I thought youd be concerned with the health and safety of the girls under your care.
He smoothed his lekku, the color slowly returning to his face. Not a problem at all. Im sure this is just a bug going around. You know how schools are with viruses. One day were fine, the next its all over the place.
Teresas eyebrow didnt come down. 
I dont feel well, I managed to squeak out. 
Viktor helped me back to my bed. I just sat there for a while. I wanted to lie down, but that movement seemed to be a bit much for me. 
Im going to talk to the Medical Administrator and make sure everything that can be done, is being done, Viktor said rather loudly while leaning close to Teresas tablet. 
He departed the room quickly, but Teresa sat down next to me even faster. Her fingers flew across her tablet before she held it up to me. 
We dont have a lot of time, maybe a handful of minutes. Do you recognize this man? she pointed at the tablet. 
I squinted at the image of a Rodian missing one of his antennae. No, I muttered. 
The image was replaced by a tall male human. How about this man?
Who are you? I asked abruptly. 
Teresa Hollinger, Holo-net News. Im the reporter trying to get to the bottom of all this. Have you seen this man before? she tapped the tablet with her finger. 
Bottom of what? What are you talking about? I asked. 
Teresa blew a tuft of hair out of her face. Viktor wont leave you for long and the medical teams wont let me near the other girls. You are my one shot at finding out not only why youre all sick, but what kind of forced suggestion Viktors putting you on.
My eyes widened. Im not under any type of suggestion!
Teresa sat back and smiled. Then why has your foot been swaying to a rhythm after I tapped my tablet?
I stared down at my leg and nearly screamed.
Controlling the terror that infiltrated my voice was impossible. I just want to dance.
No, Teresa put a hand on my shoulder. He wants you to dance. If you doubt me, just ask yourself why you want to dance so badly.
What was going on here? Of course I wanted to dance becausebecausewait, what?
"The Rodian's name is Aret Gashew, he works directly for the Hutts. I've been able to track his whereabouts for the past two months and he makes regular visits to Ryloth. He always stays for two days before returning to Nal Hutta. The only person he sees is Vice-Pettit Viktor," she explained. 
This woman had been tracking this down all this time? 
"This human's name is Peterson. He's one of the leading minds in neural pharmaceuticals. I believe that he's been smuggling a series of drugs into this Academy for Viktor to work with. I don't know where the chemicals are being hidden or how they're being shipped past Ryloth Security, but I know they're in a lab somewhere," she went on. 
"I thought reporters just sat behind a desk reading scripted news reports?" I asked. 
"Where do you think those news reports come from?" she winked at me. "Real reporters don't read the news, real reporters find the news."
The door slid open without the chime going off. Several men stood outside dressed in green medical gowns. My heart pounded so hard I thought anyone within half a kilometer could hear it. 
Im going to find out what in the hell is going on here, I promise you that, Teresa said. 
As the medical team loaded me onto a medibed, one thought went through my head. For the first time, it had nothing to do with dancing. 
Being a reporter sounded really cool. 

--------------------------------------------

Four medical members pushed my medibed down the hallway. They tried restraining me with a stasis field, but with the beeping from the heart monitor going off, I had to sway my foot in rhythm. 
pulse abnormally high, temperature elevated, Im surprised shes still conscious
Why did I want to dance? I was so sure that all I ever wanted to do was dance and entertain. It was my life; it was all I ever wanted for the rest of my life. But why? Teresa wanted me to ask myself that, but I could not come up with an answer. 
full brain scan, particularly in the cerebral cortex
I also couldnt get my foot to stop swaying with the beeping. It was almost annoying now. I had to dance, but it seemed silly. Why was I wrestling with myself on this?
frontal lobe chemical injection
Stop it! I couldnt get my foot to stop swaying. My whole body wanted to move with the persistent beep from my monitor. I wanted music, I wanted to dance, I wanted to entertain, but why?
"...other girls showing similar symptoms..."
Teresa had charged in, stood up to Viktor, and already had more information from her own work than I ever could have guessed. It looked like she was uncovering a vast network across multiple worlds. 
"...we'll take this one..."
She was breaking the boundaries of what a woman could do and making a difference across the galaxy. 
Hey Morgant, her heart rate is coming down on its own, a voice said. 
You sure you didnt do nothin, Smoit? Morgant grumbled. 
Do what? I look like some brainy doc to you? Smoit replied. 
My foot stopped swaying. 
"Actually yeah, but that's the point, ya dummy," Morgant chuckled. 
Who are you guys? I asked. 
The medibed stopped. My mind was so jumbled that I hadnt noticed that I was taken down the same hallway as Viktor had brought me down before. I struggled to get free, but the stasis field held me down. 
Were here to help in any way possible, Morgant said in a fake, prissy voice. 
Yeah, Smoit chuckled. Help our pocketbooks.
Help all of our pocketbooks, Viktors voice sounded near the foot of the medibed. I dont want you seen exiting this area. Remove those gowns and take the service entrance back to the hangar bay. Im sure you can resume posing as mechanics until your services are needed again?
"Gashew will want the first crop of girls soon," Morgant said.
"Tell Gashew I'm doing what I can. They're close, really close," Viktor replied. 
The two men grinned before walking away. 
Oreana, what in the stars am I going to do with you? Viktor asked. 
Removing the stasis field would be a good start, I growled. 
Is that so you can dance? he asked hopefully. 
On your grave, I muttered. 
He repeated his security procedures as before, pushed me inside, and lined me up next to several other medibeds. I was able to turn my head enough to see the same scared look on several other faces that must have been on mine as well. Viktor had gone over to his desk, typing away at a feverish speed into his computer. 
What kind of person are you? I asked. Sick, demented or really off the deep end?
Viktors face appeared over me again, this time only centimeters away.
I am not insane! I am a financial genius! You girls are going to make me a very rich man indeed, he shook a stylus instrument at me.  
He stood up and smoothed his hair. Assuming your hearts dont explode from the exertion, he muttered. 
How exactly are we supposed to make you rich? I prodded. 
Viktor smiled a very different smile than the one I was used to. This smile held no warmth, no kindness, or do anything other than give me the shivers. Maybe it was a smile I had seen before?
This is the part where I reveal my plan to you, right? Probably using a deep and dramatic voice? he patted my cheek. Sorry, Oreana, Im not the dramatic type.
"This is really all about money? You risk our lives, your career, and put together such a flimsy plan full of pure luck just for credits?" I asked. "Some genius you are."
The prod worked. His eyes grew wild, his mouth trembled, and he got to within only a few centimeters of me. 
"My mother said the exact same words to me," every word was full of venom. 
"Let me guess," I kept up the sarcastic tone. "A dancer?"
"NO!" he shouted in fury. "She wanted to be more, she dreamed of becoming something greater than just a filthy exotic dancer. Her Hutt owner saw things as they were. Twi'leks are walking, talking objects of desire, nothing more!"
Who did he think he was? He can't decide who I'm supposed to be based simply on what race I was born into. "You're insane. I can be anything I want to be. I could be a reporter for the HoloNet News Network. I could even end up running the network if I wanted to."
Viktor stood up with a smug look on his face. "Please. You're as misguided as my mother was. Her line of thinking led to her death. My line of thinking will not only make me rich beyond all imagining, but return the Twi'lek race to their true place in the galaxy. Your fate was decided the moment you were born as a girl." 
That sealed it. I lashed out, turning my head sharply, and sinking my teeth into his hand. He cried out in a higher pitch than I would have thought, jerking his hand back. He stumbled into the medibed next to me, which started a cascade of medibeds bumping into each. Loud shrieks erupted as the girls flew into each other. 
Shut up! Viktor roared at them. He glanced down at his hand before pressing it against his chest. Blue blood stains appeared on the shirt after a few moments. 
Ill see to it you're the first one sold to the Hutts! he spat at me before rushing out of the room. 
Silence settled in for a moment. 
Then the crying began. 
I want to go home! one girl wailed. 
Why are we here? another one sobbed. 
All I want to do is dance for my client! a third girl cried out above us all. 
The crying stopped. Thats all I want to do, several of them said at once. 
Quiet! I called out. I cant concentrate with you all chattering on.
How would Teresa get out of this?
The tablet stylus that Viktor had dropped when I bit him wasn't the easiest thing to handle when you could only move your hand a few centimeters within the stasis field. I had a solid grip on it, but angling my wrist so I could press the release button was a serious pain. 
Sweat beaded on my forehead, sliding down my lekku tentacles as I twisted the stylus around. I had only a few minutes before Viktor would come back from taking care of his hand. That was assuming he didn't notice he had dropped the stylus. 
A rush of cool air washed over me as the stylus pressed the button, releasing the stasis field. I hopped off the gurney, eager to be free of the medical prison. I did a celebratory dance in front of the other medibeds, my face unable to hide the joy I felt from my newfound freedom. 
I didn't want to stop dancing. 
"Oreana!" one of the girls shouted. 
"I can't stop!" I cried out in anguish. Why couldn't I stop? Our lives were at stake and I couldn't stop dancing. 
What had Viktor done to us? 
"Oreana, please!" another girl pleaded. 
I couldn't stop dancing; I knew it wasn't possible now that I had started. I began spinning, twirling in place. These girls depended on me; probably the whole Academy depended on me. Teresa wouldn't just dance around; she'd find a way out. 
With every ounce of courage I had within me, I spun myself into Viktor's desk, sending tablets, medical instruments, and myself clattering to the floor. 
"Okay, let's not do that again," I muttered as I picked myself up off the floor. My butt was going to be sore tomorrow for that move. 
I scampered to the desk. As I had hoped, Viktor had been typing on his computer, but didn't secure it when he came to taunt me. All of his files, his records, everything about...
"Pull my lekku, what is 'Project - Extratainment'?" I asked. 
A picture appeared in my head. Twi'lek Academy girls, dancing across the galaxy for nameless clients. We wouldn't be Hostesses, clients wouldn't go through the arduous filtering process to be with us, and we would lose all of our honor and esteem. 
Viktor wanted to make us into the galaxy's harlots. 
"Oreana, get us out here!" one of the girls cried out. 
"Or at least put on some music," another one whimpered. 
I hesitated behind the desk. I couldn't just leave them behind for Viktor to find. He'd be furious to see me gone and who knows what he would do to them in retaliation. No, I had to get them out of here. For all I knew, Senior Pettit was in on all of this. Teresa would have to be our salvation, but she could be anywhere in the entire Academy. I didn't feel up to dragging them around all seven buildings trying to find her. 
We had to get out. I would get all of us to the hangar bay, get a speeder, and get away from here. Once we were safe, I could call back to the Academy, ask for Teresa, and have her come get us. 
"You've got to stay focused," I warned. "No dancing."
That brought on a new round of whimpers. 
I rolled my eyes. "How about this? I'm going to get you all to a dance party. All the dancing you want, but only after we get out of here."
"All we want?" one of them gasped. 
"It's practically a dance-a-thon, more than we will ever handle," I promised. "But you must stay focused on getting out of here."
Actually that sounded pretty good. A dance-a-thon would be just the thing I needed to take the edge off. I bet I could out-dance them all.
I shook my head roughly. I was asking them to stay focused?
As the computer downloaded the files for "Project - Extratainment" onto a tablet Viktor had left behind, I turned off the stasis fields for the other girls. 
I grabbed the tablet. "Let's get moving."
We rushed to the exit, my hand touched the panel and the door slid open. Teresa was crouched on one knee, playing with wires that dangled underneath the panel Viktor had pressed his palm to. 
"Oh," she grinned up at us. "Well that solves one problem."

--------------------------------------------

"It took a bit of doing to figure out where you were being kept," Teresa explained. "But that moron Smoit will talk to any pretty face in the sector."
I helped Teresa to her feet. "Can you guarantee our safety?" 
She nodded. "If I can get the last few pieces of this puzzle, I'll make sure Viktor doesn't even hear the word 'freedom' for the rest of his days. I'll bring the Jedi Order down on him."
I waved the tablet at her. "That sounds like a done deal to me."
"What is that?" Teresa asked, but her eyes widened in hope. 
"Every file regarding 'Project - Extra..."
"...tainment," she finished in a whisper. 
She put a hand on my shoulder. "As far as I can tell, Viktor's been working alone. He wants to de-evolve this Academy. By spending less time on the 'finer' parts of being a Hostess, he will cut staff, lessons, and spend far less money. He'll use this chemical cocktail to brainwash thousands of girls into making you dancers."
"But he's not in charge of the Academy," I pointed out. 
Teresa smiled. "Not much longer. Your Senior Pettit will be pushed out by Viktor and he'll become the majority shareholder. The amount of profits that will fall into his pocket will be mind-boggling. He'll return the Twi'lek race to the stereotypical dancing fixture. Everything your Senior Pettit worked so hard to change over the last twenty years will be ruined. Generations of women will be known as exotic dancers, nothing more."
Now my eyes widened, but in amazement. I was completely sold on what I wanted to do with the rest of my life. 
"First things first, let's get you all out of here," she winked. 
We dashed to the end of the hallway, shepherding the girls inside a turbolift that would take us out through a service exit. The speakers were still playing soft music, which the other girls swayed in rhythm to. 
I didnt move. 
Teresa gave me a sideways glance. Youve been injected with a complicated cocktail of drugs designed to submissive, obedient, and a dancing freak. So why arent you bouncing to the beat like your friends?
I dont want to, I murmured. 
Teresa raised an eyebrow. What do you want to do?
I want to be a reporter, like you, I replied in a hopeful voice. Ive never wanted to be anything so badly in my life.
He was right, Teresa mumbled to herself. 
My eyes pleaded with her for more. 
I met Master Yoda once. Hes a Jedi whos on their Council and basically runs their education programs. He told me once that there is nothing more powerful than a focused, determined mind. I thought it was more Jedi ramblings, but now I think hes right. Viktor put an awful lot of physical manipulation into you, but your mind has been able to shrug it off. You must be one hell of a woman, she put a hand on my shoulder.  
"Why don't we just run screaming into the school? We'll raise enough of a fuss that they'll have to pay attention to us," one of the girls offered. 
"If we get that far," I countered. "If we don't run into Viktor and if he's the only one involved in all this."
"That's a lot of 'if'," she muttered. 
Teresa turned to face us all in the crowded lift. The best thing to do is get to my shuttle. Well go through the hangar bay and down to Docking Port Four. My droid is standing by with his camera so I can start the interviews at once.
The girls looked very sad. 
I rolled my eyes. "And after that, we'll go dancing."
Their faces brightened.
The turbolift stopped at the Engineering and Physical Plant level. The hangar bay would be at the end of this corridor. It wasn't terribly uncommon to see girls walking around this area as we were loaded and unloaded here by our families at the start and end of each term. However, seeing seven girls running down the hallway at full speed wasn't so common. 
"Think of this as a different kind of dance!" I called over my shoulder. 
A few heads turned our way, one or two even shouted to us, but we kept running. Speed was the only weapon we had. Every step put us further away from Viktors lab. We sprinted through the hangar bay, down the corridor that led to Docking Port Four. I looked over my shoulder, half expecting to see some of Viktors hired goons chasing us down. 
I should have looked at the airlock instead. 

--------------------------------------------

As the large airlock door swung open, Viktor stood there with Morgant and Smoit grinning widely. Smoit cracked his knuckles, Morgant gripped a long vibroblade, and Viktor pointed a blaster pistol at us. 
I think thats far enough, Viktor said. I appreciate exercise as much as anyone else, but now were all going back to the lab. 
"I'm taking these girls out of here," Teresa said. 
"Someone thinks they're a Jedi, trying a mind trick on us," Morgant chuckled. "Ya see, Smoit don't like Jedi, do ya Smoit?"
Smoit flexed his arms. 
Teresa spread her arms out in front of us. Theyre not going anywhere with you.
Viktor cocked his head to one side. My blaster says differently.
She scoffed. As if youre going to shoot them. You need them; theyre your bread and butter on this science experiment from hell.
I would hope it doesnt come to that. If theyre cooperative, then its a win-win for everyone. If not, well then I dont need them all alive to pull this off. You? I dont need alive at all, Viktors smile faded.
He pulled the trigger. 
Teresa slumped to the floor. 
Several of the girls screamed, but that reaction didnt seem right to me. My heart hammered inside my chest. I clenched my hands into fists, shaking slightly with the rage I felt. 
Heres whats going to happen, Viktor said. Morgant will lead the way; Smoit will bring up the rear. We will walk, single file, back into the hangar bay, down the lift into the lab. I promise I will try to adjust the chemical compound so you dont feel like you did this morning.
After that? one of the girls squeaked. 
Aret collects the first of his investment, Viktors smile returned. 
The camera-droid that had belonged to Teresa came out of the inner airlock, buzzing and chirping away. When it zoomed in on Teresas corpse, the chirping became a loud series of wails. 
Bring the droid along, Viktor ordered. Well need to wipe its core memory clean.
Smoit shoved the droid in line with us, Viktor waved his pistol toward the hangar bay, and our sad procession began walking. 
The tension increased once we hit the hangar bay. Viktor tucked his blaster into his vest, but never took his hand off of it. All these people arriving or departing wouldnt have approved of a weapon trained on us. 
Keep it quiet, Viktor hissed. Be good little girls now.
I seized upon the cue he dropped at once. It was time to act like a girl. 
"No I will not make out with you!" I shouted. 
Morgant and Smoit stared blankly at me. 
"Huh?" Smoit asked.  
I screamed out, high and shrill. Every head in the hangar bay turned to us. 
"He touched me!" I shrieked, pointing at Morgant. "He actually touched me!"
"But, I never touc..." Morgant protested. 
Another girl screamed out. "I don't want to go back to your room! Get away from me!"
People started coming over to us after we continued screaming. A crowd of several dozen people began cornering Viktor, Morgant and Smoit. The people that worked for the Academy were very protective of the girls who were enrolled here. After all, we were the reason the Academy, and their jobs, existed. They loved us as much as we loved them. 
As the hostile group of workers began pushing and shoving our would-be assailants around, I could feel our moment approaching. I edged the girls to the back of the mob. The crowd pressed forward, the tension growing, and we slipped behind them with Teresa's droid completely un-noticed. 
Viktor tried to shout over the crowd, which only made the crowd grow louder, the language denigrated into common street slang. Most of the words being used were not fit for the ears of a Hostess.  
We were halfway down the hangar bay when the fight broke out. 
Smoit swung a pipe at someone who had gotten too close to him. The mob rushed them all, Viktor included.
"My goodness!" the droid said, recording the fight with his camera. 
"What do we do now?" all of the girls turned to look at me. 
I stared down at the tablet in my hands. I held the evidence that would break this wide open. Teresa had died for this. She was so smart, so fearless. Being a reporter had opened doors for her that led her to break down what had happened. She made connections, networked with people across the galaxy, and led such an exciting life. 
I knew what I wanted to do with my life, and it wasn't dance. 
I looked at the protocol droid, who was still filming the brawl. I waved to get his attention. 
"On me in three, two, one..."

Anakin

Nothing got me more focused than race day. 
I enjoyed being a laid-back, sarcastic type of guy. Truthfully, it was a cover; a way for me to blow off some steam. I couldn't be so wound up all day, Owen would kill me before breakfast was over. I felt like a duck on a pond. On the surface I was my normal self, calm, cool, collected. Underneath? My legs were going a meter a second. 
I was a winner, but I had to keep on winning. Being a winner brought crowds, brought attention, and brought that sense of focus. More than that, it gave me a sense of purpose. My life had meaning on race day. I wasn't some scrub human on a desolate world at the dumpster end of space. 
I was somebody on race day.  
"Anakin, you can't sleep half the day away!" a voice called from the next room. 
I stretched in a bed that left my feet dangling off the end. I rolled onto my side, the bed rocking with me onto the one post that was shorter than the others. Okay, so race day didn't start off with a bang. But I made damn sure it ended with a bang that had people talking about me for weeks. 
"Come on man, get up! I'm getting ready to load the Volo up onto the repulsor-craft!" the voice called again. 
I yawned, but staggered to my feet. Owen Lars was patient, but that had its limits. If I didn't get my butt moving, he'd push off with my ship and I'd end up walking to the hangar bay...again. I checked a chronometer on the way to the kitchen. 
"Owen man, you have got to get yourself a girl. The race doesn't start for hours yet. Even still, prep time doesn't start for another couple of hours. What's the rush?" I grabbed a small glass of Bantha milk out of his hand. 
His hand tapped on the table in a steady, but quick pattern. 
"Owen..." I prodded. 
"What?" he shrugged. "I want you to get focused in on the race." 
I sat down on a crate that creaked loudly in protest. "I'm as focused as I can be. You, on the other hand, seem to be light years away."
The tapping stopped. "I don't know what you're talking about," he replied. 
I leaned forward, the crate creaking even louder. "I'm talking about..." and I leaned in a little further. 
"Beru Whitesun," I whispered. 
Owen nearly fell off the crate. "Can you blame me? She can't wait for race day so she can hang around here all day. It gets her off of her moisture farm and..."
"...can't seem to leave you alone," I finished, laughing as I spoke. "All right buddy, we'll get the Volo loaded up together after I have my breakfast. Can't win the hearts and minds of the people with an empty stomach, now can I?"
I stared around the kitchen blankly. Where was all the food? It seemed we couldn't keep anything in our pantry by the time the next race day rolled around. 
"Owen?" I asked. "Where is the Breakfast of Champions anyway?"
"You blew all your winnings again and my paycheck from the spaceport isn't very substantial," Owen folded his arms. 
"What about your half of the winnings?" I asked. 
Owen looked down at the floor, or at the table, and even once up at the patched hole in our roof. He was looking anywhere but at me. 
"It's not available," he muttered. 
"What does that even mean? 'Not available? With such a diplomatic answer I would think you're running for office," the tone of my voice rose. 
He wouldn't look at me. 
"Owen...where's the money?" I pressed. 
"I already told you, it's tied up elsewhere," he said. 
I stood up and kicked the crate I was sitting on. "It's that moisture farm again, isn't it? You've been stashing your half of the race winnings to save up for that...that...patch of sand?"
Owen also stood up, a flash in his eyes. "You got a better idea? You can't race forever and even if you could, you blow your money almost as fast as you take it in."
"I'll stop racing when the crowds stop cheering my name," I growled. 
Owen scoffed. "You think I'm jealous? I'm the one keeping that bucket in the air."
I took a deep breath. There was an old racer's saying: 'Don't anger the man who fixes your safety harness."
"Okay, you're right, I'm sorry," I ran a hand through my hair. "I just don't know why you cling to the idea of moisture farming. Surely we could get a job at the spaceport or even open our own shop? We have the reputations that could really start something special."
Owen stared out the window to the sands beyond. I could already start to hear the familiar speech before he opened his mouth. 
"Anakin, we're here to tame this planet. Out there, out in the sands, that's where our future lies. Moisture farming may not be the best way to pile up the credits, but it is why people came to Tatooine. It's why humanity set out..." he began, but I'd heard enough.
"'...to the Outer Rim in the beginning. We're pioneers, taming the wildest environment in the galaxy. Out there is where legends are made.' Ya think once in a while you could throw in a new line to shake things up?" I threw my arm around him and we both laughed. 
"Anakin, what you do with your winnings is your business. I'm trying to build us a real future. We have to prep for the time when your racing days will end. Those crowds will find someone else to cheer for eventually," Owen said. 
My grip on his shoulder got a little tighter.  
"Ow, hey, do you mind?" Owen stood up. 
I had a perfect retort in my head, but the door chime sounded before I could hit him with it. "That must be your lovely tag-a-long, Beru. Do you want me to get the door or should you..."
Owen had already scampered into the garage. I heard the engine of our vehicle towing the Volo to the hangar bay fire up. 
I roared with laughter as I opened the door. Owen was a brave guy, not afraid to take on an overheating engine or a noxious fuel spill. But the stars forbid a girl should come calling. I pressed the door panel. When it slid open, it wasn't Beru Whitesun standing there. 
It was Aret Gashew, the Chief Operations Officer for the Hutts on Tatooine. He was a Rodian with a keen eye and even keener sense of smell; particularly when it came to business. This man could smell an opportunity two sectors away. 
"My knowledge of Basic growing, but limited still. I may enter?" he asked. 
I immediately stepped to one side, wishing I had a red carpet somewhere to roll out. I had seen Aret before, but never spoken with him. If you received a visit from him, it was either very good news, or very bad. 
He walked inside a few paces, looking around the room as we walked. He sniffed disapprovingly at the hole in our ceiling, then again at the woeful state of our furniture. I remained silent. Whatever he wanted, he would say when he was ready. 
"You are Anakin Skywalker, champions speed racer, yes?" he asked. 
"Thousands of people would confirm that," I grinned. "Want a seat?"
He glanced at the rickety crates we used for chairs and shuddered. "I won't long be here. I am with you on behalf of the Jabba Hutt. He wishes to discuss proposition for you."
I raised an eyebrow skeptically. "What kind of proposition?"
The Rodian smiled at my interest. "You are champions, but..."
"That's 'champion'," I corrected. 
Aret Gashew's eyes grew very hard. He stared at me, his mouth twitching in a manner that was indicative of his displeasure at being corrected.
"You won many times, yes?" he said tersely. 
"Damn straight," I affirmed. 
"Then you are 'champions'," he replied with a tone of finality. 
I shut my mouth. 
"You are champions, but this is too long going on. Betting premiums are heavily on you for this race. Too heavily for our tastes. The Jabba Hutt would be very..." he paused, searching for the word. "...appreciated if you were not to win."
My jaw dropped. "You want me to throw the race?"
Aret cocked his head sideways. "What is this mean? You throw rock, not race, yes?"
"Jabba wants me to lose so he can win credits?" I re-stated. 
Aret nodded. "You see clear now. Jabba says you don't have to crash it up, but first place is not good for business for you. Keep competitive, keep race exciting, but winning is not possible."
He moved toward the door, careful not to touch anything that might disgust him. 
"What's in it for me? I'm losing prize money here," I folded my arms. 
"Credit compensation can be discussed, after the race," he replied. 
I shifted my weight from one foot to the other. "If I refuse?"
He stopped with his hand almost at the door panel. "You cannot stay in business long with such poor decisions."

--------------------------------------------

"Thumb scan here, and here, and here," the droid instructed. 
"Like I haven't done this before," I muttered, pressing my thumb one form ahead of where the droid was instructing me.
There was a tap on my shoulder. "Excuse me?" a voice timidly said. 
"I'll be done here in a minute," I said. 
My thumb was starting to get sore as I pressed it on another form. The tap returned. 
"I'm sorry, but..." the voice said even meeker than before. 
"Give it a minute, will ya? Your turn to sign twenty pointless waivers is coming up," I turned around to see it was someone even younger than me. This guy was barely more than a kid and only came up to my chest. He stared up at me with stars in his eyes. 
"I'm real sorry, but aren't you Anakin Skywalker?" he asked. 
I ran a hand through my hair. "Wow, I sure hope so. Otherwise, this droid will wonder where I got that thumbprint from."
The kid chuckled nervously. "I was kinda wondering if I could get your autograph after the race? It's always been my dream to..."
"Yeah sure kiddo, you got it, but why wait?" I beamed. Inspiring the youth of Anchorhead was another perk of being the finest racer on the planet. 
"No, you don't get it," he scowled. "It's been my dream to fly against you." 
My grin faded. "Aren't you a little young to be starfighter racing?"
He met my gaze. "How old were you when you started?"
I shrugged my shoulders. The point was well-taken. 
"So what's your story?" I stepped to one side so he could begin pressing his thumb to the various forms. 
"Story?" he asked. 
"Story, background, motivation, why are you here? Are you looking for prize money or just looking for something to do? This planet is pretty boring," I prodded. 
"I'm here to win," he replied without looking up at me. 
I leaned against the wall. "You mean you're here to try and win."
"Nope," he said matter-of-factly. "I'm here to win."
I took a closer look at him now, regarding him more as a competitor than just some kid. His clothes weren't quite as sand-blasted as I've seen around town. His skin also didn't have that gritty texture to it. 
"Clearly, you don't need the prize money," I tried to sound un-interested. 
"Clearly," he remarked. 
His lack of cooperation was starting to grate on my nerves. "Then what are..."
I was interrupted by a pair of people I could only assume were his parents. Their clothes had hardly been touched by the never-ending sand of Tatooine. The father had a full beard, which was practically unheard of on this world. I remembered trying to grow one a few years ago, only to discover that getting sand out of it was nearly impossible. The mother in a dress made of a flimsy material that wouldn't stand up to more than a week's worth of the harsh planetary environment. 
"Son, are you just about done here? I'd like to get into our ECS and out of this wind," the father said. 
"ECS?" I asked before he could respond. 
"Environmentally Controlled Suite," the kid replied. 
The parents both looked at me, then at my shabby appearance, and then at their son. They tried to put on a brave face, but they weren't very good actors. 
"Oh look, you made a little friend," the mother's voice strained on the last word. 
"I guess," he sighed. "This is Anakin Skywalker, the reigning champion."
I extended my hand to them, wanting to make a formal impression. The father looked at it as though I were offering him a dead Jawa. The mother reached into her bag. She rubbed an antiseptic liquid on her hands and on her son's, but didn't offer me any. 
I cleared my throat awkwardly. 
"Well," I said. "I don't believe I got your names?"
The silence resumed until it was the kid who spoke up. "I'm Riley Anterry. These are my parents, Heydk and Illian," he pointed to his father and mother, respectively. 
"The Anterry family? Don't you own most of Mos Eisley?" I asked. 
The boy's face flushed, but his parents smiled a little. "I would say that is an accurate way of looking at it. We also have majority hold over the orbital spaceport," Heydk said with a hint of pride. 
The boy's face turned redder. 
"That's why we've come down to the planet. Our little Riley fancies himself quite the pilot. It took some convincing on his part, but we agreed to let him race to see how he does against real competition," he put a hand on Riley's shoulder. 
The mother winced. 
"I'll be done here in a minute or two," Riley spoke up. "Wish me luck?"
Heydk shook his son's hand, while the mother embraced him for a moment or two longer than was normal. 
"Please. be safe," Illian whispered before departing with her husband.  
I gave Riley a sideways glance. 
"What?" he asked defensively. "They think starfighter racing is dangerous and I might get hurt."
My eyes widened. I'd seen far too many accidents happen during the race not to know better. Some of those "accidents" were caused by other racers. Once you hit the sands, there weren't a lot of rules regarding racer safety. 
"Well they're pretty much right about that," I said. 
Riley pressed his thumb down on the last form. "They think they're right about everything," he said with disgust. "I can't play Hutt Ball, can't play Rodian Roulette, and I can't go out for any team where there is the slightest chance I could even get a hair out of place. It took me almost a month to get them to agree to this!" 
"So of all the things to choose, you chose flying in a single-person starfighter at speeds exceeding a few thousand kilometers per hour while in the vacuum of space? Didn't you want to try something that didn't involve the possibility of coming up in pieces so small your coffin was the size of a tablet?" I asked. 
"Whatever, I finally get to do something I want. I'm not going to let a little worry about a scraped knee get in my way. I am headed to the hangar bay, you coming?" he asked. 
I nodded my head. "Yeah, in a bit."
This kid had a death wish. Then again, if he lived at the orbital spaceport, he would have a lot of time to fly around. He could practice on any ship his parents had the money to rent, or buy outright, for him to play with. For all I knew, this kid could fly in his sleep better than anyone could while awake.  

--------------------------------------------

I was able to focus back into the race by the time I reached the hangar bay. Riley was many things, but I was making too much out of him. He had never flown in a competition before. For all I knew, he couldn't find the primary ignition button unless daddy showed him where it was. 
With barely a half-hour to go before the start of the race, the buzz of the crowd could be heard from inside the hangar bay. I loved that sound. There were so many people already filing in that the sun shaders had been extended earlier than usual to accommodate the masses. 
My footsteps slowed as I approached Owen and the Volo. It was for the best that he didn't know about my talk with Aret. His good-nature would dictate that he run off to the authorities. Too bad the local magistrate's last campaign was funded by the Hutts. The same Hutts I would end up working for during this race. 
If I came in second or worse, would the crowd still be behind me? Perhaps I could mount a heroic comeback race? Fizzle out now, but blow away records at the next race?
If the Hutts would allow it. 
"You all set?" Owen asked. 
"All set to bring home the gold," I lied. 
"Be careful out there, serious damage could set us back a few thousand credits," Owen touched the wing of the Volo longingly. 
I rolled my eyes. "Your concern for my safety is touching." 
Owen looked up at me as I climbed into the cockpit. "Anakin, you know what I mean."
I winked at him before pulling on my helmet. "No worries, I know what I have to do."
He took one last look at me, and then at the Volo. He had put so much time into making this ship the marvel that it was. I often laughed at the thought that he liked being around it more than me. Owen Lars was a gifted mechanic, why would he want to throw that away to live on a moisture farm? 
The ship rocked slightly as magnetic clamps attached themselves to my wings and fuselage. The crane hoisted me out of the hangar and loaded me into my pre-determined racing slot. 
The chimes indicated there were only fifteen minutes left. The crowd's buzz began to intensify. The feeling from hearing them cheering was wonderful. They were here for him and only him. Sure, there were other racers, but it was undeniable that all of these people had shown up to watch me in action. How could Owen throw this away?
Could I throw it away? Could I afford not to?
I adjusted my Heads-Up Display to display my onboard systems. The cockpit speaker crackled to life as the announcer began his customary pre-race hyping of the crowd. The more he propped up the race with his speech, the more intense the betting became. 
Which meant the Hutt's profit margin also intensified. 
Ladies, Gentlemen, and Others! My name is Ulith Rekaba and I am thrilled to bring you the play-by-play of the 72nd Annual Tatooine Cup! 
The crowd roared in response, sending waves of chills up my back. I examined the roster of racers for this particular race and smiled. I had already beaten most of the names I saw. There were only a couple of unknowns, including Riley, but nothing serious. I cracked my knuckles before putting on my gloves. The trophy was practically in my hands. 
"Today we have a match un-paralled in the history of the Tatooine Cup! Twelve racers will push their vessels beyond all reasonable limits. From Corellia, the Desilijic Hutts are proud to bring you Arian Norrad, four time winner of the Inner Core Cup!" Ulith exclaimed. 
I scoffed. He wouldn't be used to this environment. The Inner Cup races were all tamed by an over-abundance of rules and regulations. 
"This racer hails from the darkest regions of space itself! A man so feared that Wild Space itself could not contain him! I give you, the Phantom Racer from No Man's Land, Wyick Fathos!" Ulith's voice rose. 
Swarms of small cameras flew to a large and bulky looking ship. It was easily twice the size of the Volo and was probably built for sustained races. You needed maneuverability to get through the Tatooine Cup. Fathos might be built for the long-haul, but he wouldn't last long here. 
Finally, we have a racer whose skill is matched only by his tenacity and ambition. You were thrilled when he became the first local to win the Tatooine Cup in forty years. You were in shock when he became the only racer in history to win three in a row." The crowd was on their feet now, the volume growing louder with every word. I could imagine the betting was at a fast and furious pace. 
Oh yes, ladies and gentlemen. This flyers skills are incredible, his reflexes are wonderous, and his will to win cannot be quenched. Uliths voice had to get louder with every word so he could be heard clearly over the crowd.
"I give you," he crowed. "The one, the only, Anakin SKYWALKER!" 
Even in my cockpit, the cheers of the masses could clearly be heard. The cameras had zoomed to the Volo, circling me. They projected my image to thousands of portable holo-emitters that were given to the patrons, for a nominal fee. People of all races, species, ages, and genders had their eyes glued to my face. I opened my canopy, stood up, flashed a "thumbs up" to the crowd, and winked to the cameras. 
The crowd went wild. 
I sat down again, breathing heavily. The emotions of the crowd overwhelmed me. "Behold the power of the people," I gasped. 
A few more minutes ticked by before the race map popped up on my HUD. I grinned broadly as I read through the course I would take. It was as if the map were tailor made for me. We avoided Beggars Canyon and headed out over the Dune Sea until we circled once around Jabbas Palace. The Volo was built for speed over open ground. Then we zip through the Jutland Wastes, which usually meant Tusken Raiders. The off-worlders wouldnt be ready for them. From there, we hit the skies. An easy race, a sorry group of racers, and a crowd eager for me to win another trophy?  
"Just where am I supposed to screw up?" I muttered as I adjusted my helmet. 
Once the final countdown had begun, I glanced at Riley, who was just a few slots down from me. As if on cue, he glanced back at me. As the seconds ticked down, I threw him a two-fingered mock salute, adjusted my gloves one last time, and gripped the controls. 
Once the countdown had expired, I hit the accelerator. The Volo rocked violently to the left, forcing me to pitch up quickly to avoid hitting the racer next to me. My proximity alarm screamed in the cockpit as I glanced over my right shoulder. The crowd ooohed as a fireball engulfed two ships that had collided right at the start. Parts of the hangar bay itself were on fire as a result. 
"Warning! Incident at the hangar. Please use caution."
An incident? I couldn't help but wonder if that was the result of Aret's work. 
Several ships had darted in front of me, including Rileys nimble Z-95 Headhunter. I pitched down until I was only fifty meters above the surface. I passed through the first checkpoint only four hundredths of a second behind the leader. Beggars Canyon drifted by lazily on my right until the endless Dune Sea lay before us. Without any narrow confines to restrict me, I swung the Volo to the left, and gunned the engines. 
My ship responded with passion, leaving the leaders behind me. I smiled when I saw Riley frantically pressing buttons in his cockpit, trying anything to urge more speed from his starfighter. His inexperience was showing through his desperation. There was still a lot of racing left. 
With first place secured, I opened a window on my HUD to display the reaction of the crowd. I expected to see them on their feet at hearing the news that I was out in front. I waited to hear the chanting and the cheering as I pressed my advantage on the flat expanse of the Dune Sea. 
No one was standing. In fact, if anything, they lookedbored. 
Its still early, I muttered to myself. Plenty to cheer about later.
But I couldnt deny that my palms began to sweat a little. The words of Owen echoed in my mind. Would there come a time when the crowd would stop cheering for me? When my name would be forgotten? 
I saw my chance to let Riley slip ahead of me as we neared our next landmark. 
I was the first to circle around Jabbas Palace, swinging wide to avoid the broad compound. As I re-oriented myself toward the next checkpoint, Rileys ship took the inside track I left open for him. He flew so close to Jabbas Palace that the building rocked from the wake. By the time I passed the checkpoint as well, I was almost a full second behind. 
That little punk really can fly, I gritted my teeth, but didn't adjust my controls for another few seconds. 
My hand reached for the fuel mixture ratio control. I altered it for a richer mix to gain more speed, but still left him out in front. Other racers began closing behind me, but no one else took advantage of my hesitation to pass me. I remembered that the Jutland Wastes were coming up and being first into there might mean you were the first target. 
I smiled to myself. If the kid thought this wasnt dangerous, he was about to be taught a lesson. 
The sheer cliff walls loomed on either side of us as we entered the Wastes. The sharp crags blended in well with the rest of the harsh environment. The cantinas were full of stories that the Tusken Raiders would sharpen the rocks under the cover of darkness to cause more extensive damage. 
I rolled my eyes at the thought. We were travelling nearly two thousand kph and sharpening rocks was supposed to be our undoing? 
Rileys ship shot forward with a jolt of speed, causing me to shake my head. His inexperience was about to come around full circle. Gunning his engine the way he did had a two-fold effect. First, he put more distance between him and the pack. Second, the roar of the engine announced to every Tusken Raider in the area that he was on his way. 
I dropped back a little further. If Riley wants to paint a bulls-eye on his ship, I wasnt keen on getting in the way. The other racers sensed the uneasiness as well. No one took the easy opening I gave so they could pass me. 
A few, tense moments passed. Any second I expected sniper fire to come from out of the canyon walls, but nothing happened. I let go of the breath I was holding on to. Perhaps the Tusken Raiders were out on the hunt? Or migrating? They could be anywhere across the Wastes. 
My instincts screamed at me. Before I could blink, Rileys ship rocketed toward the sky. With no time to think, I pulled up on the flight controls as well, the G-Forces pressing me against my seat. 
Its too soon, I muttered. What is this kid up to?
As quickly as he had shot upward, Riley pulled into a steep dive, heading back toward the next checkpoint. The Volo groaned as I swung her around to follow. 
I forgot that I still had the audio and video piped into my cockpit from the crowd. My speakers were crackling out ohhhh! followed by ear-splitting cheers. Had I performed some incredible feat by pulling up and then back down?
My radar showed there were fewer green dots following me than before. Not more than a handful of moments later, we hit the final planetary checkpoint. My stomach lurched with the rest of the Volo as I pulled up again and fired my engines to maximum speed to escape gravitys grip. Another timely warning flashed on my HUD. 
"Warning! Tusken Raiders have collapsed the canyon walls. Please avoid the canyon, if possible."
Computer, display the recording from my rear camera starting at oh-two-seven, I ordered. A window popped open on my HUD showing the footage that was taken from my rear camera. 
Six cameras were installed on all starfighters, three at the bow and three at the stern. The Hutts discovered they could sell more Holo-Imagers if the people had a view from our perspective. Nearly all of the racers protested that this would interfere with their aerodynamics. 
The Hutts sent Aret with a few Gamorrean thugs to argue for them. 
The breath caught in my throat when the playback began. The Tusken Raiders had collapsed a portion of the canyon. Riley had avoided it just in time, with my reflexes allowing me to escape the trap as well. Only five other racers had survived, wiping out half the field. The plume of smoke rising from the trap was interlaced with a barrage of red blaster bolts from dozens of snipers. 
My mind whirled, but not from the carnage. The crowd wasnt cheering for me at all. If they didn't cheer for me now, there was no way they would be cheering for me when I came in second place.  
I popped my ears when the pressure began to change inside my cockpit. The cool air of the internal life support rushed toward me as we began to leave Tatooines atmosphere. 
I never got tired of seeing space. The stars, the vastness of it all, it was as if the galaxy was calling to me. The cosmos itself was begging me to just keep on going. With so much out there just waiting to be discovered, how could Owen confine himself to a measly moisture farm? 
The indicators on my HUD flashed from green to red. I switched my grip to allow my thumbs to press down on the dual triggers for my ships weapons. They werent more than beams of light, one-one-hundredth the power of a real blaster. But thats all the power the racers needed to get through the rings. 
In orbit around Tatooine were four sets of ten rings. Each ring was about fifteen meters in diameter. Each ring also had six lights on them, three on each side. I had to shoot out each light or face a tenth of a second penalty for each one missed. The first four rings headed away from the planet, but made a sharp arc after the fifth ring. The final five rings were on a course back toward Tatooine. The four paths of rings allowed the racers to go through different arcs without getting in someone's way. 
The Hutts added a catch for more exciting races. 
The ring began to shrink when you hit the first target. Start shooting too soon and the ring might shrink too much and you collided with it. Start shooting too late meant you might not have enough time to hit them all. 
This is where the fun begins, I muttered as my hands tensed on the controls. 
Before hitting the first ring, my mind turned back to the crowd. I know I should be focused in on the rings. Hitting them all took a great deal of my concentration, but my thoughts lingered on them. I turned on the display showing the masses and left it on. 
I squeezed off six shots, hitting all six lights in succession. They winked out quickly before I slid through, moving on to the next ring. 
The crowd applauded politely. 
I flipped the Volo over, shooting out the next six lights in six shots again. 
The crowd applauded. 
I approached the next ring and shot out all six shots, in six lights, while doing two barrel roll maneuvers. 
The crowd applauded again. A cold sweat broke out on my forehead. Why werent they cheering? Where were the raucous roars or chants of my name?
Owent image appeared on my HUD. My headset crackled as I approached the next ring. Anakin, what in the stars are you doing?
I rolled my eyes at hearing Owens voice. 
Trying to give the people a little thrill, I tried to keep the fear away from my voice. 
Son of a Bantha! he growled. Forget about the crowd and focus on the race!
My eyes flickered from his image to the display showing the people. 
While youre up there having a good time, Riley has moved two full seconds ahead of you, his image scowled on my HUD. 
My eyes snapped back into focus. Two seconds? I glanced at my radar. 
The kid was actually pulling away. I pressed the accelerator forward as much as I dared. If I could close the gap just a bit, it would give the Hutts the excitement they were looking for. I turned off all the displays, including Owens. 
I left the crowd display on. 
I ripped through the last few rings heading to the apex of the arc. Once I was through, I pitched the ship around hard and jammed the accelerator forward. I was four rings away from entering the Final Run. I was convinced that if I was going to be beaten, it wouldn't be by a crushing amount such as two entire seconds.  
As I passed through the penultimate ring, I heard the crowd audibly groan. My heart pounded so hard I thought it might break my safety harness. Had I lost the masses to Riley already? Were the Hutts upset that I was closing in on his time?
A flash of light to the left caught my eye. I could see where the four ring paths came together just ahead of me. Riley had already come through, but he had mistimed the last target. By shooting too early, the ring shrank enough to clip one of his wings, spinning him out of control. Because of our orientation was toward the planet, Rileys ship would enter the atmosphere. A message flashed in red letters on my HUD. 
Warning! Racer in distress in orbit! Use caution and avoid debris!
I couldnt help but grin. The lifeboats coming up from the surface would snag his ship after he breached the atmosphere. Riley would be fine, and victory would be mine. I double checked my radar to see that the remaining racers had just entered the rings. The trophy was mine and I could picture the crowd cheering me on as I coasted across the finish line. 
Jabba couldn't deny that I at least tried to let Riley win. If I lost now, when I was this far ahead, it would cause so much suspicion about the integrity of the race that the Hutts would actually lose money on the races to come. 
But I had made a deal. Dare I even risk breaking it? 
Rileys cockpit canopy flew away from the ship. My eyes widened as he ejected into open space with nothing but his pressure suit between him and the vacuum of space. The crowd gasped again. 
Oh man, you have got to be kidding! My mind began to race around the possibilities. If I could rescue Riley, I'd be an absolute hero in the eyes of everyone. The Hutts couldn't intimidate a hero and a winner. But could I pull off both? Saving Riley's life meant losing time in the race. The chance to seize everything I wanted was right here. Another message flashed across my HUD, this time in much larger letters. 
Danger! Racer R.Anterry has ejected from his starfighter. Use extreme caution!
Staying in his ship meant protection from the tremendous friction that entering the atmosphere would have caused. The lifeboats would take at least two minutes to get here. It would take more time to get him into a hangar bay, particularly since a tractor beam wouldnt work too well on him outside of his ship. 
The crowd was on its feet now, some people screamed at the image of Riley hurtling toward a fiery death. I reached for my accelerator, but paused just before I pressed the control forward. 
I wonder I mumbled under my breath. There wasnt a lot of drama in a quick rescue. Where was the thrill that they needed me to give them if it was all over so soon? There was no question now that saving Riley was my ticket out of this mess. Now it was time to milk it for all it was worth.  
Anakin! Owens voice shouted into my headset. Do you see
Yes, yes, I see Riley, I replied. The lifeboats wont reach him in time. Hell be in atmo in about sixty seconds.
Owens pause spoke volumes. 
And you are in position to stop him, right? he asked, but we both knew the answer. 
Yeah, I muttered. I can swing under him, press him against the hull, and stop his momentum long enough for him to get rescued.
Owen cleared his throat. 
Well, Owen said slowly. You were planning on doing it before the suns set, right?
Of course, I growled. Im just dealing with a lot of stuff up here, okay? Let me do the flying.
I turned off my entire comm system.  I eased the controls for the Volo toward Riley, tapping the accelerator forward. Riley had provided me with a golden opportunity to win back the crowd. I certainly wasnt going to waste it by saving him from death without adding some drama to it. The masses needed a thrill from me. 
And I needed the thrilled masses. 
I flipped on my comm system, sending out a general broadcast. This is Anakin Skywalker. The lifeboats will never reach that poor kid in time. I am going to try and get to Riley before he burns up. Stand by; I'm about to get dangerous.
I watched Riley spinning his way toward Tatooine, every moment putting his life in greater danger than before. 
I counted down from five. 
Very slowly. 

--------------------------------------------

"Beings from across the galaxy, I'm Oreana Triek from the Outer Rim Holonet News Network. I'm reporting live from Tatooine where we witnessed the most amazing finish to a race that people will be talking about for years to come."
I had to stop myself from bouncing on my heels. Saving the kid from death was one thing, having the crowds go wild was another, but now the HNN was interviewing me?
Trumping up Riley's rescue was the greatest decision I ever made. 
"Anakin, what went through your mind when you first heard Riley had wrecked?" she asked. 
"Well my first thought was 'this has to be good for me'," we laughed together. "No, seriously now. We're all out here to win, but when we're in danger? When lives are threatened? There's no question something had to be done. There was no way the lifeboats would get to him in time. Someone had to do something, ya know?"
I expected Aret Gashew to be furious with me for not throwing the race, but I was disappointed. If anything, the Hutts had been thrilled with what I had done. The attention from the HNN meant that greater racers would want to come to Tatooine. That meant more betting which ultimately meant more profits for the gangsters. 
"What plans do you have now that the race is over?" she asked. 
I didn't miss a beat. I knew what she meant, but I had to play this for all it was worth. "The next race isn't for quite a while so I have time to sit back and take it all in. Unless you wanted to discuss my dinner plans?"
She beamed at me, and then looked away nervously. "That's something we'll discuss off-camera," she muttered. 
"You saved a life today and won another trophy. I imagine that makes for a pretty fulfilling day," she blushed, trying to bring the interview back on-topic. 
"Imagine what I can do for an encore," I winked. 

Khian
 
There was a time when I was on the inner circle of one of the most respected families on Ord Mantell. I ran security for a politically connected father, a mother who spent credits like they were going out of style, and three sweet, but adventurous children. I called the shots, I got paid, my word was absolute, men respected me, and most importantly- women wanted me. I even went toe-to-toe with a Jedi who thought he could handle things better than I could. 
My ego was getting so large I had trouble getting it on a star cruiser. 
Then I had to go and upset one of daddy's business partners by insisting that he undergo a security screening. That wasn't so bad, people were supposed to get upset at the security expert.  I probably shouldn't have suggested that his son and heir to daddys financial empire sit outside during the entire proceedings. 
The brat threw a tantrum, I threw him out. The day boiled down to was daddy losing the contract or losing me. I figured there was no way he would sack someone who had, single-handedly, saved his life no less than four times.  
So I found myself without a job, without a credit to my name, and looking to pick a fight.  
You aint got no credits so I aint gonna tell you again. Now git! the manager spat at me while pointing at the door. Not paying your bar tab to a cranky creature like a Devaronian would certainly get the job done.
I wish he would ask again, but it didnt seem very sporting unless a weapon was involved. At least then I could get my heart pumping a bit faster. At least then I could feel something other than this pit in my stomach.  The horns on his head looked sharpened. It might not take too much to get the fight I wanted. 
I guess asking for one for the road would be out of line? I waved the glass at him. The manager glared at me, but I refused to move. 
The horned Devaronian manager wasnt alone. Id seen his three lackeys hanging around once Id sat down. One lackey near the bar, one loser chatting with some Twilek bimbo who was cute, but wasnt leggy enough for me, and the third guarding the stairs. That one would be the biggest trouble. He wasnt standing there for the view. You always wanted your toughest hired gun to be near the good stuff. 
Git your butt out! his voice was raised now, even over the din of the bar. 
The three heads turned toward me. Two of the three stood up a little straighter. Their movements were way too precise. Were they Jedi? 
That third bugger didnt move. 
I blew a tuft of scraggly brown hair out of my face. I said I would pay and I will. The whole when part is kinda sketchy, but a responsible businessman like yourself isnt concerned only with profit, right? I mean, wheres the customer service?
Maybe it was the sarcasm in my voice that did it. Maybe it was some of the patrons cheering me on. Perhaps it was the smug smile on my face that finally set him off. 
He slapped the bottle from my right hand, sending it spinning across the floor. 
My left hook connected with his jaw, sending him spinning across the floor. 
The two men sprinted toward me. Bar flunkies were too easy to take out, doing little more than making my knuckles hurt as they hit the floor. My eyes darted toward the stairs, but it was empty. Where did that third little
Two feet slammed into my back, which sent me flying toward the bar. My head connected with the hard wood, sending spots dancing before my eyes. I whirled around in time to see him charging at me. At least hes not stupid; he knows to press the advantage. 
His momentum came in handy as I threw him over the bar, into the shelving beyond. It was protected by an energy field, probably for just such an occasion, which did not react too well with human skin. 
His buddies pointed two blasters at my head, bringing all action to a halt. 
Or perhaps what brought it to a halt were the two blasters I had hidden in my sleeves that were also pointed at their heads. Sweat beaded on their foreheads in identical droplets. 
Terrics, I muttered. That explained how they moved in sync earlier. They dont know any other movements except simultaneous ones. When one squeezed the trigger, the twin would as well. This would make for a messy, but accurate, end. 
The manager rubbed his jaw, spitting up blue blood as he stood. Please, git? he said in a voice that trembled more than his body did. 
I retracted my blaster pistols. There was no sense in killing this early in the afternoon. I wanted a brawl; I got it, I can cross off my checklist. On the way out, I half-lunged at the manager. The whole bar held its breath. 
I was the only one laughing as I walked into the street. 

--------------------------------------------

I ducked into a side alley, pacing furiously back and forth. Picking fights in bars? Is that what my life has boiled down to? I kicked at a can, sending it clattering down the alley. My stomach grumbled from the exertion. I reached into my credit chip bag to find it woefully emptier than my gut was. 
I threw it down the alley too. 
My walk down the street was a little slower now, the sky not as bright. Could I go work for the black market? People like Tethys Aran are always looking for some muscle.  No doubt my skills would fetch some coin on the seedier side of the Galactic Republic. If I didn't mind working for scum who could blast me in the back just to take his share of the profits.
I bumped into three people, muttering the token apology without hesitation. Sure, I could always work for someone of -less than- reputable character.  It wasnt like I was enjoying breathing anymore. 
Someone hooted, causing my head to whip around. The three people I brushed past were actually local girls of breathtaking beauty. They were wearing robes that didn't quite cover the fertility tattoos on their flat stomachs and slim necks. 
I ran a hand through my shaggy hair. "Wow, I really am slipping," I muttered to myself. 
The three beauties continued on, drawing more attention as they went. I felt something brush up against my backside, but when I turned back all I saw was a blond-headed blur disappear into the crowd. 
By instinct, I checked my pockets, but laughed when I realized I was a pickpocket's nightmare. The boy ducked out from behind a vendor's cart selling toy lightsabers. I was a little surprised to see that it was a girl, not a boy, who was picking her way through the crowd. Her hair was cut short and she wasn't quite a woman, but there was no mistaking the facial features of a young girl. 
Ord Mantell wasn't exactly known as a bastion of law and order. Sure, I might have been able to alert a local patrol about her, but one pickpocket in the grand scheme of things wouldn't make a bit of difference. 
I picked my way down a less crowded side-street. Pickpockets aside, crowds always made me nervous. Crowds were an assassin's friend, difficult to move through, and were deadly in a panic. 
"Hey, lemme go!" a voice called out. 
You'd think I'd learn by now to mind my own business, but the nice guy in me must control my neck. My head turned to see that my little pickpocket had a run of lousy luck. A patrol of four Mantellian soldiers had cornered her. 
My eyes narrowed at the sight of the dark green uniforms. If corruption was the planetary pastime of Ord Mantell, then the Mantellian Armed Forces were professionals who played at the highest level. Sure, they started out naive and honorable, but the cash is always too good to look the other way. The problem is that they always needed new recruits because sooner or later the ones paying out end up putting you into "forced retirement". 
Hell, if I had been a little dumber, I might have joined up.  
"I said, lemme go! My father will hear about this!" the girl said again. 
"Oooooh, look out boys!" one of the soldiers laughed. "Daddy Pickpocket will come and save the day!"
The others joined in, guffawing at the poor girl's plight. She tried to squeeze past two of them, but she was roughly shoved from one to the other. 
"Hey, don't touch me," one warned and shoved her toward another soldier. 
"This could be assault; you see how this little thief is coming right at me?" The other soldier shoved her back against the wall. 
Something seemed off about this girl. I focused on her and not on the menacing men towering over her. Tears filled her eyes as the kid looked up at the soldiers and...
That wasn't a girl. The hair was a darker blond than the pickpocket I had seen earlier. This boy was young and had a similar haircut, but this wasn't the thief they thought he was. The clothing was similar, but only in color, not in style. 
I rolled my eyes. Even when the Mantellians did care about justice, they found a way to screw it up. I could only see two ways that this might resolve itself. I was really hoping for the less dainty of the two options. The bar brawl didn't quite do it for me earlier. 
A tap on the shoulder was enough to get the biggest one's attention. 
"Excuse me, gentlemen, but you have the wrong person," I said in as genuine a voice as they deserved to hear. 
I got the cursory "threat assessment" glance from them. "Back off, 'Stinky', this don't concern you," the largest one growled and turned away from me. 
I reached up and tapped the shoulder again. The niceties clearly wouldn't work on him. "'Stinky'?" I asked, offended. "But I showered three weeks ago, much sooner than you did."
The soldier turned, slower now. He grabbed the front of my vest and pulled me in close. "You got a hearing problem? I said back off!" 
"Perhaps it's going around?" I replied. "I said you have the wrong kid. And seriously, if we're going to get this close, then we should talk about a breath freshener. Its like talking to the other end of a Hutt." 
The man growled. 
"Last chance, stinky," he drew out the last word with pleasure. "Because I'm feeling generous, I'm going to let you walk away with all your teeth where they are instead of on the street."
He shoved me back a few steps and folded his arms. The other three looked at me suspiciously, one of them wiping drool from his chin. 
I cracked my knuckles. Yeah, this would be more fun than the bar. 
I closed the distance between me and "Stinky" with only a few steps. He braced himself, but I sidestepped at the last second, slamming my fist into the soldier next to him. This sent the un-prepared man sprawling into a third soldier, with both of them colliding with the wall. 
The fourth soldier ran at me, fists swinging in a "ki-yic" style I recognized. His speed was admirable, but I was able to dodge his punches every time. A well-placed kick to the gut knocked the wind out of him. 
"Stinky" wrapped his arms around me and began squeezing. He had picked me up off of the ground, my feet kicking wildly as the others picked themselves up off the ground. Those arms must have seen a gym at some point because they did their job, forcing the air from my lungs. 
"That's enough out of you, 'Stin...'", was as far as he got. 
I flung my head backwards twice, hitting his nose both times. His grip remained, despite the blood that began gushing from the wound. My head began spinning from lack of air. 
The fist that slammed into my stomach didn't help. I gasped out loud, but nothing could come in to relieve my aching lungs. 
I stopped kicking out and kicked behind me instead, bringing both my boots crashing down on "Stinky's" kneecaps. The cracking sound was accompanied by a scream that sounded more like something the boy would make rather than the professional soldier. 
I had time to get one lungful of air before I swung my legs around, hitting another soldier in the back of legs. The other two raced toward me, bloodlust in their eyes. They could have pulled weapons and ended this by now, but they wanted my pain to last. 
One kick hit both of their heads in succession, sending two members of the Mantellarian army sprawling to land face first into the street. 
I hunched over, my hair hanging like limp weeds over my face, taking in massive gulps of air. I'd never felt more alive than when I was that close to dying. That was the feeling I was looking for. 
The boy cautiously approached me. "Are you okay?" he asked. 
"Sure kid," I gasped. "I feel...like a...hundred credits."
The boy laughed a little at my joke. "I don't think we should be here when they wake up. Thanks for saving my hide, I owe you."
I got my first solid look at the kid and my heart sank. His clothes, while stylish, went out of date over ten years ago. They were patched rather than replaced. His hair had been cut short, in fact too short in some places. 
"You really have a daddy?" I asked. 
He looked down at the street for a moment. "Kinda. He spends more time with my uncle than he does with me."
I put up a hand. "Yeah I don't need to hear any more. Just stay out of trouble, okay? In fact, I'd stay out of this sector of the city if I were you."
"Here, consider us even," he dipped into his pocket and chucked something at me. I caught it with one hand, my jaw dropping at what he had given me. 
"Kid, this is a Tyrian Timepiece, I can't take this. It's worth too damn much," I reached out for him. 
He shook his head. "Nah, don't worry. I'm always losing stuff so its better this goes to you. Why do you think I hardly get anything new?" he pointed to his clothes. 
"My dad should be shopping nearby with his uncle. Once we're out of here, I won't come back for a long time. If my dad hears that I was in trouble with the guards while my uncle is around, I'll wish that you hadn't shown up," he winked at me before dashing down the street. 
I stared at the gift he had given me. Perhaps this rock wasn't so devoid of life after all. 

--------------------------------------------

The problem with the timepiece was that it was worth too much to trade for one meal or one night's sleep. To get real money for it, I'd have to convince someone I didn't steal it, despite my shabby appearance.  
My luck hadn't improved. 
A well-organized procession was moving through the crowd. This usually meant someone thirty times more important than I could ever be was coming down the street. I stepped to one side, not anxious to draw any more attention than was necessary after my run in with the soldiers. 
The group stopped not too far from me. Someone in the entourage was examining a trinket from the local merchant. It was a small group, just a few men and women with children in tow. Groups like this passed from time to time. Those from the higher class that came shopping down here drew initial attention, but it usually faded once the novelty wore off. The sun's light had poked through a cloud, radiating onto the group. 
That was when I saw her.
She lowered her hood and raised her face to the sky. Her eyes were closed as she drank in the warm light and bathed in the beauty of the sun. 
Her dark blond hair cascaded off of her shoulders in a tremendous mass of curls. Her skin shone in the light, dazzling my eyes. She smiled at the sun like it was an old friend, causing my heart to leap into my throat. 
An older woman, her mother from the resemblance, leaned in and whispered something to her. The girl laughed in the most musical way I had ever heard. Was there anything she did that wasn't completely spellbinding? 
I took a few steps toward her, the world falling completely away from my vision. There was her, there was me, no one else mattered. 
Except for the guy who was a full head taller than me who appeared out of nowhere. 
"I think you're lost, head down that way," he pointed down the street. The tone of his voice told me that even if I wasn't lost; heading away from the group was a very good idea. 
 "Who is that?" I craned my neck over him to see her again. 
"She's none of your concern. Head down that way and do it soon," his tone was firm, but soft so as not to garner attention from the group oblivious to what was going on a few meters away. 
I tore my gaze off of her to size up the one man who was standing between me and the woman I had to get close to. His clothes were tailor-made, fit exactly to the build of his body, which was impressive. He was muscular, but not bulky. The bulge in his jacket was recognizable as a blaster he probably had experience using in the field. My eyes met his and I knew at once that this was a trained professional, not just some lackey. 
His eyes flickered behind me, revealing that he wasn't the only one keeping an eye on things. The group also had bodyguards infiltrating the crowd outside their protective circle. They were smart, well-organized, and trained to use lethal force. 
The desire to see just how well trained was rising like bile in my throat. 
My eyes returned to the girl, but her attention was on a small boy who was acting out some silly scene involving martial arts moves. He was flailing his arms wildly, causing her to giggle. That sound made my knees go weak. She ran a hand through the boy's blond hair and my heart froze in my chest. 
It was the same boy. 
I wanted to call out to him, but an older man shouted at him before I could open my mouth. 
"Ulian, stop that at once! That is not how a Redrick behaves," the man scolded. 
I remembered how the boy was worried about what his father would think about him getting into trouble. He might get me past the bodyguards, but he would pay a price for it. 
"Aww damn," I shrugged, using my best local accent. "I just ain't seen someone so perty before."
I took a few steps back, trying to look as un-interesting as possible. The group slowly moved on, the bodyguards taking one last glance at me before tending to what was around them. They probably sized me up about as well as I did them. 
Keeping a respectful distance, I turned my vest inside out, changing the colors from black to brown. I also tied my shaggy hair back into a ponytail. There wasn't much else I could do to alter my appearance, but anything might help keep me from being instantly recognized. 
They boarded a transport and my hopes sank as it soared away, heading toward a ritzier part of town. If I couldn't figure out where they went, I might never see her again. 
I sprinted toward the droid that had cleared their flight, trying to appear out of breath as I skidded to a halt in front of it. 
"Citizen, this area is not safe, please do not run," it said. 
"Sorry about that," I gasped. "Did the Redricks just leave?" 
The droid nodded its metallic head. "Yes, just on that transport."
I kicked at the ground, cursing loudly. "My boss is gonna kill me! I have to get this datapad to him or he's going to lose a substantial amount of credits."
"That is quite the concern," the droid agreed. 
"Do you know where they went?" I asked. 
The droid nodded again. "Yes."
I clenched my fists. "And their destination?"
"They went home, to the Heights of Mantell," the droid replied. 
I waited for the next transport to pull in. To my shock, the same four soldiers I had such a friendly encounter with earlier were standing on the other side of the platform. Each one of them was sporting makeshift bandages over their faces or chests. One even had his arm in a sling and limped his way up the ramp.  
I immediately ducked my face lower into my vest. The last thing I wanted was to be recognized by those four men and start another brawl on the platform. Id never get a transport while fighting them off. 
I was actually surprised to see a young Twilek woman talking to the group with a stocky droid tottering behind her. I involuntarily ducked my head a little at the sight of a camera in the droids arms. 
The Sith take me, I swore.  Like I need the press getting involved, I muttered. 
The slender woman seemed hardly old enough to be an interstellar reporter, but there was a light in her eyes that told me she could do whatever she set out to. 
On me in 321, she counted down to the droid before taking a deep breath. 
This is Oreana Triek, reporting from just outside the Mantellian Garrison on Worlport, the capital city for Ord Mantell. A group of soldiers were assaulted by what many are calling the beginning of a general uprising. Sergeant, could you go into more details about the mob that attacked you?
I wasnt too surprised to see Stinky step up to the microphone. We were in the middle of arresting several members of the Black Sun Syndicate, including several high-ranking members. During the arrest, we were attacked by nearly a dozen of their hired thugs. I was able to beat them off 
He was interrupted by a nudge to his shoulder. I mean, we were able to beat them off.
You beat away an attack from a dozen men that the Black Sun, a ruthless criminal organization, hired? With only a few bruises? Oreana asked. I couldnt help but smile at her perceptiveness. 
Well, um, that was just the start, Sergeant Stinky blustered. We werent expecting Night-Sisters.
Oreana raised an eyebrow. Night-Sisters attacked you for arresting members of the Black Sun? How many Jedi were in league with them? Did they bring their pet rancor?
Hey lady, we didnt get these from dancing! the soldier waved his injured arm up and down. Sergeant Stinky glared at him. 
Yeah, I think were good here. This is Oreana Triek reporting on the very finest the Mantellian Armed Forces has to offer, she waved her hand across her neck. 

--------------------------------------------

The sun had begun to set by the time I arrived. The Redricks had the only dwelling on the Heights, having bought out all the other properties over the past few decades. This had the singular advantage of being damn near impossible to get close to their compound without someone seeing you coming. 
I had to see her again; I had to talk to her, but time was against me. She could be on a shuttle to Coruscant in the morning for all I knew. My mind was set, it had to be tonight. 
I had been fortunate, so far. I had found the blind spots in their surveillance within only a few minutes. Getting past their organic detection system took a little more creativity. Capturing a four-legged vole nearby, I leapt through the grid, but before the cameras honed in on me, I dropped the critter and dashed to the nearest wall. With any luck, the cameras would see that their defenses had only been breached by a harmless animal. 
I waited a few, tense moments, before breathing out. No alarms had sounded, no screams of terror came from inside, and no men came running out armed with rocket launchers and itchy trigger fingers. 
So far, so good. 
Now I had to use the one piece of bait that I had in the hopes it would bring me something I would treasure far more. I pulled the Tyrian Timepiece out of my vest pocket and pressed the door chime. 
A golden protocol droid answered, standing behind a luminous security field.
"Good evening, I am G-3PO, a protocol droid owned by the illustrious Redrick family. Please state your business," it said in an annoyingly prissy voice. 
I craned my neck to try to see past the droid, but the entry hall didn't reveal too much. "I'm sorry sir, is there a problem with your neck?" the droid asked. 
"No, listen, I found this Tyrian Timepiece. Someone from the family lost it, some kid. Blond hair, patched up clothes, you know him?" I asked. 
The droid nodded with half of its body. "Yes indeed sir, Master Ulian is on the residence. His father will be most pleased to have it back. He was in a dismal mood upon hearing it was lost. The words he chose to use..."
I held up a hand. "Yeah, I get it, he was pretty hacked off. So don't you think the kid should come get it?"
The droid extended its golden arm. "I shall deliver the object promptly."
This wasn't helping. I had to get to the kid if this was going to work. 
"How do I know you won't run off with it? You look pretty shady to me," I said. 
The droid leaned back quickly. "Sir! Such a thing is against my programming!"
"Get the kid for me or I will yell 'THIEF' so loud half the quadrant will hear. They'll dismantle you before you can say 'scrap pile'," I growled. 
"Oh dear," the droid groaned. "Even if it costs me my circuits, I cannot permit an unauthorized person access to the premises. Please wait while I ask the child to come to the door."
I leaned against the door frame. "I ain't got all night."
The droid skittered away, muttering "Oh dear," several times. A few moments passed and I began to wonder if I had made a bad move. If the droid ran into dear old dad, then I've lost the timepiece and any hope of seeing her. Worse, he might wonder if I stole it and then he would yell 'THIEF' just loud enough for his hired thugs to make my new favorite colors black and blue. 
A whirring of servos preceded the droid's return. It came around a corner, with the kid trailing. 
"Hey, what are you doing here?" he asked. 
"You know this gentleman?" the droid asked, alarmed. 
"No, I mean, not really," Ulian stammered. 
The droid looked from him to me and back to him. I could almost see the gears turning inside its shiny head, wondering if an alarm was needed. 
"The kid stopped by my shop, I said hello to him, he must have dropped the Timepiece on the floor by mistake," I lied quickly. 
The droid hesitated a moment. "Yes, that seems logical."
An awkward silence settled in. 
"You did say you were giving the Tyrian Timepiece back to Master Ulian?" G-3PO asked. 
"Oh, well, you see, I don't get up to the Heights much...or at all. I'd love a quick tour of this fine residence. After all, how often does someone from my station get to even glance at something so magnificent?" I asked. 
The droid looked at my shabby appearance. I'm sure if it were human, it would have shuddered. 
"I'm sorry, but you are not authorized by the family," the droid said with a tone of finality. 
"Just let him in already!" Ulian said quickly. 
"You are now authorized. Welcome to Redrick Manor," the droid stepped to one side.  

--------------------------------------------

"Are you joking? My cousin is a total goof. She doesn't even like Hutt Ball," Ulian whispered. 
Once they were clear of the entry hall, Ulian had pulled me into a small home office, closing the door behind us. 
"I think I'll survive without Hutt Ball," I whispered back. "I have to see her."
Ulian groaned. "Gross. But if you're so determined on saying 'hello' to her, whatever. I'll take you up to her room."
This kid is in enough hot water already. "No good, pal. If I get caught, I'll be arrested. If we get caught, you won't live to see your next birthday."
Ulians face turned red. "I'm always in trouble, so what?"
I dropped down to one knee as a shadow moved in front of the door. It passed quickly, but it was a solid reminder that time was not my friend. 
"Listen kid," I paused. It was time to treat this kid like more than he was. "Ulian, you've helped out a lot. You already got me further than I ever hoped. But this is where you can be a greater help to me than ever before. Tell me where she is and then buy me some time. That's your job now, got it?"
His eyes brightened considerably at given this assignment. "Like in Hutt Ball? Im a blocker?"
Thats right, kiddo. Keep the defense off of me so I can scorea goal, I mean, I corrected myself. 
He moved toward the door, but I grabbed his arm. Ulian still had one piece of information I simply had to have before going any further. 
"Hey, what's her name?" I asked. 
He stared blankly at me. "Seriously?"
My grip on his arm remained. 
"Alanna," Ulian shook his head and smiled. "Her name's Alanna and wow man, you've got it baaaaad for her."
The directions he gave me were spot on. Even better, he had gone on ahead of me, running as fast as he could. He was half-singing, half-shouting a song about a one-eared Rodian as he sprinted up the stairs. I silently counted to five before following him. 
I took the stairs three at a time, stopping once I reached the fourth floor. I counted the doors as Ulian instructed until I reached the door where she was supposed to be. 
The hairs on my neck stood up as I reached for the door chime. I turned quickly to see if anyone had spotted me. At the end of the hall, I thought I saw the end of a brown robe continue up the stairs. I blinked hard, but saw nothing else. Swallowing hard, my finger reached for the door's button. 
Before I could press it, the door opened. 
"...get in so much trouble!" said the voice of the woman who opened the door from the other side. 
It was her. 
My heart leapt into my throat, forcing me to choke on the words I wanted to say to her. If possible, she was more beautiful standing out of the sun than in. It probably helped that she was only a few steps away. The "whoosh" of the door opening pulled her perfume into the hallway. Was there any part of her that wasnt hypnotizing? 
"I'm sorry, who are you?" she asked. 
"My name?" I had to force the words out. 
She folded her arms. "I think that was the question."
My name. I was sure I had one at one point, what did I do with it? 
"Khian!" I almost shouted at her once I remembered. "My name is Khian," I repeated in a tone that didn't sound quite so threatening. 
"Are you part of the security detail?" she asked. "Chasing after my cousin?"
Her hair was different this time, thrown to one side of her head, lazily dangling onto her chest. The curls were exquisite, the color was perfection itself. She put her hands on her hips, which caused her nightgown to open around her knees for just a moment. 
That moment was all I needed for my mind to wander. 
There was a noise behind her. I was so fixated on Alanna that I didn't notice the other girl in the room. 
"I think it is time we were introduced?" she said. 
Alanna stepped to one side so we could see each other clearly. "Khian, this is Lelia my oldest and dearest friend. She's returned home from Coruscant."
"I never heard what exactly you were doing here?" Lelia clucked her tongue.
I stepped inside, the door "swishing" shut behind me. The room was decedent, with luxury dripping from every wall. The carpeting was plush and well maintained. The personal computer was of a model that wasn't even available to the public for another month. Alanna's jewelry display might have belonged to royalty. Everywhere I looked, refined culture of the highest caliber looked back at me. 
"I'm a...business associate of your father's. I just stopped by when I heard this dreadful noise. I thought it best that I check up on you to make sure everything was just fine," I put on my best and most regal attitude.  
Alanna sat down on a sofa that would have fetched a higher price on the market than the Tyrian Timepiece. She smiled, apparently satisfied with my cover story. The nightgown moved as if it were made specifically for her. I smiled when I realized it probably was. 
Lelia glared at me. 
"And what, exactly, is your business, Mr. Khian?" she challenged. 
"Import and export," I said with no hesitation. I began walking around the room, examining the expensive curios as though I were an appraiser. 
"If you need something moved on or off-world, we're the people to get it done," I flashed my most disarming smile. 
Lelia's glare remained. "And what, exactly, does Mr. Redrick need moved?"
My eyes flickered to Alanna. Not looking at her took a tremendous amount of focus. "I don't think that's the concern of someone as beautiful as yourself."
Lelia's grimace turned to a smile, then outright laughter. "Oh yeah Alanna, you have to watch out for this one. Not only is he a well-practiced liar, but the thoughts in his head about you are downright lethal."
I froze in mid-stride. 
Alanna turned to look at me, a look of amusement on her face. "I guess I forgot to mention Lelia's back from Coruscant with her Jedi Master? They both came from the Jedi Temple on some big mission."
My heart hammered inside my chest. 
"He means well enough," Lelia mused. "But he's lovesick, no question."
The silence in the room lay heavily upon my shoulders. 
"Well?" Alanna asked. "You have about a minute to explain why I shouldn't have you thrown out."
My heart stopped beating altogether. "W...Wait!" I stammered. "I saw you earlier in town and I just had to see you again."
"Im supposed to be flattered by your efforts? You lied to get up here and then you lied to me. That really sweeps me off of my feet. I'm calling my father," Alanna stood up. 
I ran a hand through my hair. The time to go for broke was on me. 
"Hang on, I can explain!" I said. 
"Forty-five seconds," Lelia sang. 
Sweat began to bead on my forehead and my mouth was drier than a Tatooine summer. "I would have done anything to see you again. I'm sorry I lied, but I didn't think you'd let me stay if I told you that I wasn't even close to your station in life. Love doesn't understand boundaries, love doesn't know about security fields or droids, love just pounds away at me, urging me to be with you, no matter the cost. I'm not asking for marriage or even a date, all I want is to be in the same room with you. Love commands me to be here and I cannot disobey my heart."
Alanna's face softened, her hand on her chest. 
"Oh no," Lelia groaned. 
"That's...so sweet," Alanna whispered, her chest rising and falling in great swells. 
My hand reached out for hers. Slowly, but surely, her hand began to reach up to meet mine. 
Lelia stood up suddenly, her eyes flashing toward the door. The door slid open, with several men, and Ulian, stepping inside. An older man had a tight grip on Ulians jacket.  
The bodyguard I met in the street was with them. His eyes narrowed when he saw me. My hand quickly withdrew, as did Alanna's. If it were possible for my throat to be drier than a Tatooine summer, it found a way.
Did you score?? Ulian asked hopefully. 
The temperature in my face rose four thousand degrees. 
"What in the stars is all this?" an older man thundered. "Who are you, what are you doing in my daughter's bedroom?"
 I stood as straight as I could, looking around the room with an air of disapproval. "Well I think I got here just in time. The state of your security is shameful."
Everyone in the room stared at me as though I were insane. Ulian grinned. 
"You're joking," the bodyguard said gruffly, but Alanna's father held up his hand. 
"You mean to tell me that you broke in here, got up to this room, just to prove our security is lacking?" he asked. 
I snorted with disgust. "I said it was 'shameful', not 'lacking' and I was able to get in here, wasnt I?"
"In what way?" the head of the Redrick family asked. 
"Let's start at the beginning, shall we?" I began pacing in the room, all eyes tracking my movements. 
"Your surveillance on the perimeter has three blind spots on the west side alone. The Organic Detection Field was easily fooled by a large rodent. Your droid might be cute to your guests, but has poor security programming and fails to check for a concealed weapon," I triggered the spring-loaded mechanism I had hidden in my sleeve. The blaster pistol flashed into my hand. 
"Or multiple weapons," I triggered the second pistol to jump into my other hand. 
The bodyguard's eyes widened into true fear. His hand reached for his own weapon, but Alannas father held up his hand. 
"There are no internal checkpoints so once I was in, I can roam the premises as I please. Finally, let me observe just how 'shameful' the sniper shields are," I turned quickly toward the open window. 
I fired off a pair of shots into the night air. They sailed into the distance, striking another building nearby that was taller than the main manor. 
"If I can shoot out, someone else can shoot in. And do you hear that silence? I fired off two shots with no alarms being sounded to alert your security? Do you even have internal sensors?" I loaded the pistols back into their respective sleeves. 
Alanna's father gave me a hard look. "You seem to know quite a bit about this, Mr..."
"Khian," Alanna spoke up, her voice cracking. "He said his name was Khian."
Her father clapped his hands together one time. "Excellent, let's discuss this further, Mr. Khian. I believe dinner isn't quite over and I would enjoy hearing more about the...'shameful' state of my security."
I winked at Alanna as we walked into the hallway. Her father turned to the bodyguard who was just behind us. 
"You're fired."

