
Publication Details
First published in Australia in 2013
By Emil Lemort at Smashwords
ISBN: 9781301383719
Version: MMXIII.X.XVd
Copyright Notice
Carpe Noctem
Copyright  2013 Emil Lemort
Smashwords Edition
Your support and respect for the property and intellectual
rights of this author is kindly appreciated.
Disclaimer
This book is a work of fiction.
The characters are productions of the authors imagination,
any resemblance to persons living or dead, is purely coincidental.
Dedication
bovine
adjective
of, relating to, or belonging to the Bovini, a bovid tribe including domestic cattle
(of people) dull; sluggish; stolid
noun
any animal belonging to the Bovini
I dedicate this psychogeographical travelogue to these two inquisitive bovines, who inspired me to write the book in the first place. They have probably long since been skinned and ground down to make steak tartare, lederhosen, and shoe glue. Of the small herd of cattle, only these two stolid juvenile Brown Swiss heifers stood by the fence, one slightly smaller than the other, side by side, day after day, watching, listening, and waiting; they reminded me so much of the two Ronnies acting out one of their typical farmers sketches, or perhaps of Vladimir and Estragon, from Samuel Becketts timeless masterpiece, Waiting for Godot. With their brightly tagged lobes they become a bit of a sub-theme in the narrative.


Over the trickling brook, prefabricated Portakabins housed bemused asylum seekers and a saw mill screeched the sound of a thousand cat fights. On the east side, a neat-herd of half a dozen perfect postcard cows sporting yellow ear tags munched nonchalantly as they watched the guests ebb and flow; well travelled bovines, frozen into snapshots and shown to giggling relatives in the far flung corners of the world. The backdrop to the farmscape was a concrete crematorium with a smoke stack that belched and billowed the souls of the dearly departed up into the evening sky.
The Author
gin
noun
an alcoholic drink obtained by distillation and rectification of the grain of malted barley, rye, or maize, flavoured with juniper berries
any of various grain spirits flavoured with fruit or aromatic essences i.e.sloe gin
an alcoholic drink made from any rectified spirit
a trap, i.e. gin trap
Having been a freelance software engineer for nigh on thirty years, Emil started out punching monolithic programs on to great wads of data cards held together by rubber bands, and feeding them, one run per day, into George, a behemoth of a multi-stream batch-monitor. He saw the advent of super-computers, work-stations, personal-computers, laptops, and now the proliferation of shiny little mobile-devices with more oomph than George could ever muster.
Emil has seen software development methodologies and programming techniques come into and go out of fashion. He has witnessed the industry move from its exciting raw beginnings and onwards into a thrashing scrum of greed and stress, where unfortunately, failure seems more commonplace than success.
Having grunted at the coal face of around three dozen endeavours all over the world - on things that go deep down underwater, things that float on water, things that go up in the sky, things that we fire into space, and a whole bunch of nasty stuff - Merlot has clocked up well over 50 disparate accommodations that for a while at least, he called his home.
Finding himself beached in an era where a global twittering public drive the entropy up and up as they reluctantly hand over the price of a coffee for flaky one-shot-wonder apps that contain software so shoddy that users become coerced into wasting valuable time downloading a perpetual tide of updates, and all for half-baked facilities that we could all live well without.
Merlot has decided to take a break from the Swamp of Despair, and put pen to paper. His first short novel, 'Carpe Noctem', tips a nod to the scumbag freelance contractor and his sad lot.
To distract himself, Emil submerges to great depths in his spare time to commune with crustaceans, either in the deep dark lakes of Switzerland, where introspection and meditation are the modus operandi, or out on the Australian continental shelf where there lurks a bit more life, and the Egli can be over five meters long, sporting razor sharp serrated teeth and wide inane grins. Other interests the author takes quite seriously are practicing Zen meditation, dabbling with acrylic paint, solving cryptic crosswords, growing chillies, and cooking Corsican mountain stew while concocting ever greater gin recipes.
Cheers!
Emil Lemort, Adelaide, Australia.
Acknowledgements
cruciverbalist
noun
a crossword puzzle enthusiast
a crossword setter
I would like to thank my immediate family and small circle of good friends for their continued support and encouragement while I pieced together this obscure little book.
A special thanks is extended to an old friend and colleague, Alan Smith, for his hours of proofreading, suggestions, constructive critique, for adding the foreword, for fixing the Scottish vernacular and for continually prodding me to get the dammed thing out there.
I must apologise for all of the cryptic clues that I have included, as I have rather amateurishly cobbled them together myself, including the composite crossword at the end of the book that attempts to consolidate the various clues mentioned in the passages: it is just meant as a bit of a laugh for any cruciverbalist readers.
Emil Lemort, Adelaide, Australia.
Preface
misanthrope
noun
person who dislikes or distrusts other people or mankind in general
Carpe Noctem is a rather dark, cynical, occasionally surreal, psychogeographical travelogue of a misanthropic freelance software engineer. A tragicomedy, with a few dashes of Angostura, a touch of cruciverbalism, and a peppering of cynical verse.
At the start and the end of the book, Merlot reluctantly commutes across the earth, and back, to take up his various freelance roles. A slightly more surreal style is employed in these parts to that of the core, which is based in a hotel somewhere in Zrich.
Stricken by depression, fever, bad judgement, poor luck and a healthy undertone of pessimism with regard to human nature, corporations, commercialism, religion and life, Merlot finally takes refuge at a small airport hotel as he takes up a replacement contract. Although the central part of the book describes just one grim night out of his three month stint, it tries to portray the general low vibe of his stay.
Merlot obviously prefers scribing the odd cynical ode, pondering over the cryptic clues in his newspapers and people watching, than working in his monotonous day job; so the book is interspersed with his despondent interludes and a few of his cryptic musings.
Dialogue has been purposely kept to a minimum as the situations are described by the narrator through the eyes and thoughts of the characters, in particular Merlot, who is, in the central part of the book - our fly on the wall.
Names are chosen in the old personified, emblematic style of the old Tudor morality plays; sometimes chosen by the narrator and sometimes by Merlot.
The dystopian muddy morass that Merlot repeatedly trudges through in the Bavarian forest is likened to John Bunyans Swamp of Despair, or Slough of Despond, as he struggles under the weight of his thoughts, his misery and fever, onwards toward his own Wicket Gate.
However, Merlot rejects Bunyans proverbial Celestial City - rejecting what most would aspire to. Instead, he walks away, preferring to take refuge at a simple hotel in Zrich, his Shangri-La, which is likened to Bunyans debauched Vanity Fair.
The two cows that inspired this book, with their yellow identity tags and doomed life, reflect the two characters: Ill fated Gout (our reptilian bte noir), and Merlot (our despairing, burnt-out, misanthropic hacker) - both also numbered (by days, and by hotel room), both doomed, as they sit out to graze at their own bar, munching their own fodder, in a kind of Beckettian Waiting for Godot style. Merlot is well aware that he is just a cattle class traveller who is milked of his soul as he traded time for one more dime.
Therefore our two heroic cows have been appropriately named Vladimir & Estragon, tipping a nod to Samuel Beckett.
The books title is a play on the well known phrase carpe diem, penned by the poet Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace), in his first book of Odes.
At the end of this book I have included a few quotes from authors that have had a major influence in the conception of this tale, and that have indeed accompanied me on my own travels at one time or another.
Emil Lemort, Adelaide, Australia
To drag the intimate nature of my soul and a pretty description of my sentiments into the literary marketplace would be in my eyes unfitting and low. I imagine, nevertheless, not without displeasure, that it will probably be impossible to avoid description of sentiments and thoughts (perhaps even vulgar ones) altogether: so much does any kind of literary work corrupt a man, even if it is undertaken only for himself.
- Dostoevsky
Foreward
scumbag
noun
(slang) an offensive or despicable person
a freelance contractor in the software industry
Freelance contractors have for many years been known as scumbags, using the term themselves with pride. This story covers several snapshots of the working life of one scumbag, Merlot. While the underbelly of that life is laid bare, and a dissatisfaction with the industry is indicated, this does not overwhelm us, his many and frequent readers; this is not that story. Instead we are drawn into a transient lifestyle which through a dependence on the vagaries of the economy, is spent in the cheaper hotels, among the diaspora of their staff and clientele. The fickle winds of recession can be felt as you turn the pages. In good times, the scumbag would be staying in more salubrious hotels, throwing his wedge at the women of the night, baring his arse on the red-lit stage of some strip joint, or rubbing some strippers tits while her discarded top starts to burn, having been thrown carelessly onto a candle. This is not that story; that is for another time. Instead our central character, Merlot, is more wry and introspective, trying to hold back these winds of recession by making the necessary changes in lifestyle to get him through to the next pot of gold, that next freelance job.
Go on my son! You cant help but shout at the book, hoping all will turn out well for our reluctant hero, back where he is most at home, with his transient friends.
While Merlot is out of contract his philosophy remains positive:
It could be worse; we could be living in a box under the bridge.
Alan Smith. Warsaw, Poland

Part One
Merlots Arrival
Apollyon
Apollyon
noun
(New Testament) the destroyer, a name given to the Devil (Revelation 9:11)
Scoring a cocaine track against an azure sky, thirty-six thousand feet above the northern coast of Western Australia, yet still within a visible distance of Eighty Mile Beach, the A330 aircraft left behind the ochre streaked antipodean marsscape and began its flight over calm tropical seas. Oblivious to their fantastical and bizarre circumstance, most passengers just nodded off, or basked in the warm glow of their in flight anaesthesia; cerebral chewing-gum streaming run-of-the-mill imagery, plasma drips for the mindless. The mock leather book that the passenger in seat 42D had been reading slipped out of his weakening grip and fell beside his complimentary-stocking-feet and into the aisle as he slowly drifted into that surreal world that lurks between wakefulness and slumber.
Our reluctant traveller had begun to imagine himself as some kind of psycho-palaeontologist, an archaeologist of the consciousness; excavating distant incarnations of his being, through grimy layers of experiential sediment - akashic strata. Venturing ever deeper into the catacombs of his mind he passed through the comfort of dimly-lit antechambers, and then  on deeper, down towards a dank labyrinthine Golgotha that chilled him to the bone.
Treading carefully between the graves of forgotten souls entombed in the remotest caverns, mummified cadavers lay with expressions frozen in excruciation; he probed into his murky past, picking up and dusting off bleached bones and strangely familiar artefacts, remnants of his own bygone lives perhaps - arduous grinds around the eternal millstone.
As he slipped further into sleep, he entered a vast cathedral-like opening and stood before a pair of enormous tear shaped clay amphora, suspended just above the ground on fine lines of thread, an unbreakable silken dragline that vanished endlessly up into the very zenith. Like a pair of colossal gonads - heavy with a thick yellow honey-coloured fluid, stress, distilled to the highest proof of purity - they reverberated a deep and endless tinnitus, a continual background hum in the note of C. The sound harmonised with the persistent droning of the aircrafts jet engines.
As the seatbelt sign reappeared overhead, turbulence bumped its way into his mental mausoleum where mischievous mythical sprites began to shake the very fabric of the tombs. The dead began to wake. Cracks and fissures opened up and seeped unsettling recollections into the here and the now; driving his gut feelings, and feeding his negative emotions. Exhumed gargoyles had begun shape-shifting in his subconsciousness, taking on the firm flesh of youth, reanimating themselves and confronting him with expressions, gestures and voices from days gone by: he was suffocating, the air was un-breathable.
A passing stewardess cleared away the impressive Tupperware tumescence that seemed to have sprouted out of his drink holder, all stuffed at the top with crumpled peanut packets, screwed up serviettes and a whole regiment of swizzle-sticks.
Finally sitting in the dirt amongst the very blocks and stones that bolstered his existence something began to pull him back up into a dim antechamber: a slight hand his shoulder.
Gently nudging him back to reality, the returning attendant passed him his book and offered him a choice from the tray of beers, orange juice and water. He collected himself and smiled courteously as he wondered what the hell he was doing on the long haul again, travelling back through time and space, back into the madness, following some mental will-o-the wisp. He knew the trip was an egregious misjudgement; the constellation felt quite wrong, the vibe was not right. He politely declined, but asked her if she would be so kind as to make him another strong gin & tonic, just like the last one.
This time he was flying from Adelaide to Munich, the capital of Bavaria, via Singapore. The trip had been a cool breeze so far. Having no spare air miles for the upgrade he flew cattle class again, and on a very limited budget, but the food was fine, a far cry from the packet soups and five minute noodles he had been living on for the last months, and the first eight hour leg of the trip out was only half full. Not that he needed to sprawl over a few seats, it just ensured that he would not need to make idle chit chat with yet another hypocrite suddenly feeling the urge to slip off their mask of aloofness and lay their life-story bare.
So, with no worldly-wisecrack seated next to him, he had managed to plough on with his cheap read. Merlot had picked up the small red, gilt edged, hard bound copy of Pilgrims Progress from the reduced books selection at the newsagent in the departure lounge, all for the giveaway cost of no more than the price of a newspaper.
The book appealed to Merlots warped sense of humour, and he saw it more as a kind of Monty Pythonesque satire. Little did he know at this point how poignant his choice had been.
Heaven for some, Singapores Chiangi was hell on a stick for Merlot; for him it was the epitome of full on, in your face, crass commercialism at its ugliest. A place where a captive clientele were tempted into dens piled high with plastic claptrap by skilled representatives steeped in obsequiousness, automatons who squeezed their prey like lemons for paltry commissions, encouraging their victims to feed like swine with their noses in the troughs. A place where a zombified public numbed by jet lag and sheer lack of sleep wandered back and forth wearing, surgical face masks in a socially responsible pandemic preparedness, when blinkers may have been more appropriate. A bizarre omnium gatherum of wanton pilgrims in the grip of agrypnia - that rite of remaining awake for devotional reasons - their adoration being the endless exhibition of shrink-wrapped shiny icons. For Merlot, it was all a furtive preview of the oncoming Orwellian juggernaut, and its gruesome impact. Merlot preferred oblivion at best, but was usually satisfied with a continuous supply of strong analeptic and a good position from which to imbibe it, along with the madness of the throng.
There was a silver lining in Merlots clouds; having three months of elite status left to run with the good old flier program, he still had access to some of the exclusive lounges. That would save him a few bob, and it would ease his transit by providing a relaxing corner, protection from the herd. He wandered over to terminal three and took the escalator up away from the consumerist causeway and found his sanctum.
Merlot soon had his nose deep in a trough of his own, as the gold lounge bar lost half a bottle of Jack Daniels, a couple of tins of cola, half a bottle of St. Emillion Grande Cru; the buffet lost two plates of salmon and cucumber sandwiches, as if destined for a toddlers kindergarten lunch-box, had been de-crusted and daintily cut into bite-sized triangles,  about half a kilo of Bombay mix, and the spicy chicken-wing bain marie had taken a massive blow. He was soon ensconced in an antique leather round brown club chair with his stomach feeling as tight as a drum, finally appeased. The screen of his tablet-computer glowed through a translucent smear of chicken grease, and he had spilled half a bowlful of the colourful crown-cracking blend down the inside of the cushion, but the WiFi worked and life was looking slightly rosy. Merlot was on his way to his next contract, somewhere out in the back of beyond and he needed to take the edge off.
Having chased a rather stubborn chick pea round the inside of his mouth, he unconsciously bit down and his heart sank as he heard that familiar and expensive sound ricochet around the inside of his skull. Brought back to self-awareness by the unexpected enamel shattering crack, he suddenly sat bolt upright in his seat with his hand on his chin. After a thorough probe around his gold caps and fillings with a wine red tongue, he managed to locate the offending incisor. It was only a slightly sharpened inner edge to a troublesome old molar, one the root canal jobs, his concerned look was replaced with one of relief. There were no unfamiliar hollows, so no major damage. Sighing relief, he sunk back into his plump chair and polished off his drink while probing the edge ruefully. Perhaps it was just a warning shot. Hed have to go easy on the mix; he certainly did not want to have to ask his masochistic back-street sock-fetish dentist for a replacement crown at this stage of the game.
He scratched out an ode on the back of the printout of his next boarding pass...
an ode to transit

thickened faces, blackened hearts,
slap cash, grab crap, and depart.
strutting egos pulling rank,
trademarks emblems, mobile swank,
fast food outlets doll out scoff,
feed em at the trough.
saffron monks hand out their wads,
bagging chrome and plastic gods,
golden pens in crappy shirts,
cat-walk bags with empty purse,
bleed that meat then rip em off,
feed em at the trough.
queues at surf points, time to kill,
spoiled brats needing one more thrill,
hand across that dollar bill,
and feed em at the trough.
****
A fresh faced Japanese hipster sporting a gelled Mohican and winkle-pickers bumped past him on his way to pull himself a Tiger beer; he wore a shabby T-shirt; stencilled across the front in faded ink were the latin words Carpe Noctem, seize the night indeed... Merlots mind was sent back to his previous jaunt, a long stay in Zrich where he spent most nights drinking well into the small hours, pickling his liver at the bar of his favourite cheap airport hotel, a watering hole where the guests did indeed carpe noctem and very little carpe diem was had by any. A bar where the wine was cheap, inexhaustible, and the four walls shut the world out.
As the boarding-time approached for the next leg of his outbound trip, Merlot, disconnected himself from his alcoholic intravenous drip, reluctantly left his intensive care unit, and made his way down the escalator back to the duty-free shopping concourse. Shuffling along with the other somnambulists, he made his way to the designated departure gate for the imminent flight to Zrich. Once cleanly through the body scanner, he picked up his lightweight pack, stuffed his phone and tablet computer back inside it, and then handed his papers to the awaiting customs official. She opened his passport to check his photo and credentials against the boarding card, only to see the clipping of a half completed cryptic crossword slip out.
Studying it momentarily with a furrowed brow, initially it seemed she had the notion that she may have stumbled across some kind of cryptographic cypher, perhaps a bomb plot. As her expression relaxed, for a while at least, staring at it, Merlot thought she actually seemed to be seriously parsing a clue. For him, that moment was priceless, he was even tempted to ask about 11 across: Unknown measure for philosophy (3), but he discerned no humour at all. Her expression moved through succession of aggravated states, from mild annoyance, through impatience and onwards to scorn. She shoved the cutting back at him with thin lips and a scolding frown, as if to stress that it was not permitted to use ones passport as a folder. Fortunately she did not read the ode scrawled on the back of the boarding pass that she had indignantly rubber stamped with her little ink emblem. Give anyone a uniform, a pistol and a rubber stamp, he thought, and there you have it, a pocket fascist in the making.
Landing in Munich, Merlot had been a total of twenty hours on the wing, not including his five hours of alcohol assisted transit. The second gruelling dozen hour leg of which he had been wedged upright between a rock and a hard-place; namely, a senile centenarian wearing a rain coat to his left and to his right, a budding sumo wrestler with a bad case of obstructive sleep apnea and acrid body odour: an outright ox of a man.
The demented lady in the aisle seat had plagued Merlot hourly with requests to fetch her bag and brolly from the overhead. In her confused world she was simply pottering along on the village bus, visiting her daughter, perpetually approaching her stop, and just in need of a bit of a hand to press the bell and get off mid-flight. She had even attempted to open the cabin door to the dismay of her fellow travellers. Distracting her with random questions that took her back to the good old days, Merlot had managed to settle her back down each time. On disembarkation he was finally presented, for his inconvenience, with a decent bottle of champagne, a wink and a smile, by one of the curvaceous flying nymphs who had so attentively plied him with alcohol during the flight.
At last he staggered out into a crisp ten degrees of grey foggy teutonic Luft, as he passed through the cabin doorway and into the robotic concertina that seemed to draw the passengers out of the aircraft, and into the airport, like war weary refugees.
The cold air smacked him in the face with a chilling reality. It felt good.
It was five a.m. and his breakfast, a chicken-sausage and reconstituted egg omelette, was already starting to repeat. His head throbbed from dehydration and from remnants of the bourbon, the Singapore slings and the river of red wine.
He felt quite nauseous from the mere thought of having had to inhale the stale and caustic eructations of the five hundred or so passengers for the endurance; not to mention the infectious diseases, the bacterial cultures, viral strains and parasitic infestations. He looked forward to having a long refreshing delousing shower.
Through customs Merlot had no time to compose himself or catch his breath. After dispatching the cumbersome bottle of fizzy-stuff into the luggage trolley of the woman who he saw greeting his senile centenarian, he spotted his toady agent stalking around in the background. The margin-merchant had already seen his meal-ticket and had started on a trajectory to intercepted him; a rather bronzed looking number seven billiard ball, as bald as a coot. They sat and had coffee at the Hello Bar. Merlots mind was thick and torpid as he focussed on the agents shiny pate which glistened with sweat like a poisonous forest fungus, a toadstool... a toad-stalker.
Cautious at first, weighing up his catch, the grinning Toadstalker offered to buy a round of stimulation, treating himself to a great looking Italian double espresso with a thick crema, skilfully extruded and artistically embellished by the voluptuous barrista attending her burnished brass sputnik of a device, which was all knobs and dials, like some kind of glorious steam-punk time machine. Perched protectively upon it was an ominous looking bird of prey with its golden wings outstretched, as if about to take flight from its Aurelian eyrie.
However, the frugal-fungi treated Merlot to a more plebeian clay mug of the default stewed filter brew, manually pumped from a squat brown, drip stained thermos flask, the stuff that just does not cut the mustard, no head, no punch, no kick, not even money for luck. His guest,   unimpressed, was in dire need for the real deal: something to squeeze his ventricles.
Toadstalker wanted his quarry to autograph on the dotted. Merlot was sleep deprived, broke, hungover, jet-lagged and his agent obviously didn't want him to wake up and smell the beans, let alone focus on the German small print. The vultures beady eyes were watching closely, spread-eagled, preparing to swoop.
Whilst leading the way to the short term car park, Toadstalker informed Merlot that his client's site was not really in the vibrant city of Munich as he had suggested, but actually near a small village one hundred kilometres north of the ongoing Octoberfest, and that he had only just managed to secure a simple room in a modest guest house tucked some six clicks further on, situated deep within an ancient forest, somewhere near a celtic burial ground. He described the pre-history and archaeology of the area. He knew his game, it was a game of mirrors and reflections, smoke and apparitions. Merlots mind threw up images of Little Red Riding Hood and the Big Bad Wolf.
Oh, what a big starter pack you have Mr Wolf...
Then Toadstalker handed Merlot the worst insult anyone could give to one of Merlots unholy creed. The corporate gnome starter kit. Namely, a crisp brown paper bag containing a company mug, a company pen, a company pad, a company calendar and... wait for it, wait for it... yes, a black, one size fits all, geeky company polo-shirt, complete with a crass logo emblazoned proudly on its breast pocket.
Merlot was horrified... stunned. He was in shock and awe. The hackles, or in his case, shackles on the back of his neck were up. He would rather be swinging in a noose than ponce about advertising a sad company logo and be forced to strut the strut, to speak the speak, to kowtow, lick butt and shinny up the greasy pole... up, up, up the ziggurat, lickety-split. How had it come to this, He unwillingly accepted the agents largesse after confirming that this was a contractual position, was it not.
Well, it was from here on in that it all seemed to go pear shaped for Merlot.
Oh, what a big car you have Mr Wolf....
Merlot was assured that the forest trek to work would be a piece of cake if he used Toadstalkers sons old hand-me-down postmans bike, the one he had strapped to the back door of his top of the line luxurious bright orange 4x4 tank-like autobahn cruiser.
Explaining that he should feel honoured to be offered the company bike, Toadstalker then described his sons shiny new replacement touring machine as they both buckled up. The grinning agent proudly ignited his German power plant and then they headed off at warp speed, lamps ablaze, through the thick split-pea soup while he then reminisced about his recent holiday... in of all places, Australia. The very place Merlot had just flown in from. The knife was buried in and now started to twist.
Oh, what big ears you have Mr Wolf....
Toadstalkers Panza seemed to devour the autobahn mercilessly. He bullied the more inferior machines out of his way as if he were clearing a runway with a snow plough; waving abuse at them as they skirted nervously to the side.
Merlots mind was numb and drifting, it began to fade in and out and his leaden eyes strained to remain in the present moment. As the seat warmer roasted his backside he felt that he was already in the stewing pot simmering on a slow heat, he had become the hock in the broth and was being tenderised on a low setting, soon his meat would just fall from the bone.
The agent was on a roll, only ceasing the verbal onslaught to listen, head cocked, to the radio when it sporadically blared out traffic updates in full surround quadraphonics. Merlots mind threw up images of himself being a blindfolded Guantanamo inmate, kneeling in an orange, one size for all jumpsuit at a razor wire fence, forced to wear prison logo and listen to torturous traffic bulletins non stop through oversized ear muffs.
They arrived at the rather aptly named 'Pension' in no time with Merlot deep in a fog of confusion, but he saw right away the place bore absolutely no resemblance to his agents portrayal of a cheerful looking place with a leafy family beer garden... as he had seen advertised on the Internet. It was dank, fusty, sullen fox-hole, and the few bogans shuffling about there in the mud looked as miserable as sin and as inbred as the hillbillies. Merlot suddenly had images of himself being forced at knifepoint to strip-off and squeal like a pig to the tune of Duelling Banjos.
Looking a bit surprised himself, Toadstalker tried to hide his own repugnance, then excused himself by explaining that it was the only place available with a single room. He qualified his excuse by informing his quarry that in any case, he certainly could not afford any of the more up-market guest houses, not on his nugatory budget. All the other possibilities were just a few notches too high on the luxury scale. In fact, the only other contender was a less noisome Zimmer in the next village, but at ten Euros a day more, it would have bitten a little too uncomfortably into the agents handsome margin.
Merlot had not done the maths... he was captive, snared, and now buggered, it couldnt get worse, and ...he just hadnt done the maths. Well, he couldnt have, he had never seen the hidden parameters, but now they were rearing their ugly heads, one by one, like mushrooms poking up out of a sack of bullshit in a darkened room.
Oh, what big teeth you have Mr Wolf....
On entering the pension, fresh air and light gave way to the cloying dinginess of a long corridor, at the end of which the two men, finding it hard to adjust to the dimness, could just make out the ample figure of the cook, standing in the open kitchen doorway. He wore greasy black foam clogs and grubby apron, was clutching a dripping wooden spoon in his hand and looked at the new arrivals with a deadpan, expressionless face.
Toadstalker tried to convince Deadpan that he should get up a bit earlier the next morning so he could prepare the breakfast area a tad earlier and then drive Merlot into work for his first day. Deadpan, speechless, looked bemused. Merlot felt like a total plonker. Wanting to disappear into the dirty cracks in the stone floor, he cut in, "sorry no way, Ill book a taxi," and added that he would not be needing the bone-shaker either. Merlot was then enlightened by Toadstalker, in front of the cook, that he couldn't really afford a taxi either. Oh the maths, the maths, why had he not done the maths.
Grinning and showing a neat row of nacre tombstones against his tanned face, Toadstalker shook Merlots hand with Germanic vice grip and a single nod of approval. Satisfied that his sedated prey was caged and bound, he climbed into his fire-engine and growled off, wheels spinning, flicking up shit and grit as it went with his companys deadly-treadly still hanging on the back door for its own dear life... off to his next kill no doubt, and that was that.
As Deadpan returned to his mealy mtier, Merlot sat outside a while and crawled back into his mind, his perceptions narrowed into a long dark tunnel, but at least he saw the faint glimmer of plain truth, and the truth was - he was still miserable. Gathering his thoughts, he tried to calm his annoyance. He needed sleep. He had not slept for days, and he was beginning to feel quite ill.
Later, inside, he met again with Deadpan. They both entered the squalid kitchen where he was broiling his fetid Bavarian dumplings and anaemic entrails or some other such malignant abominations. It smelled God-awful. Merlot told him he really did not require a ride the next morning, so not to concern himself, and apologised for his agents presumption. Deadpan didnt move a single facial muscle in response. After stirring and prodding his stodgy viscera, he broke silence and gave Merlot, with a dripping wave of his wooden wand, the vague orientation that would be needed to navigate the muddy bridleway the next morning. His regional accent was as thick as the very fog. A so called Abkrzung. A short cut to hell; Merlots mind threw up the now familiar images of John Bunyans Swamp of Despair and the long upward path to the Wicket Gate.
It was Sunday, Merlot was dead beat and needed a shower badly. His room was the size of a coffin. The carpet was heavily abused by heaven knows what perversions. There was no communications at all, no phone, no Internet, no WiFi, hardly any mobile signal and no working television. The old set lay skew-whiff on the floor in the corner where it had fallen or more likely been ripped right off the wall bracket by an unhappy guest. The screws were still poking bent out of the crumbling plaster and the cables had been stripped bare. It was pretty grim. His room was filled with clammy steam from the kitchen directly below. The vapour had mildewed the peeling wallpaper and crumbling gesso beneath it, and was now infusing into his damp clothes, steeping his very soul with its vinewed foulness.
Looking for some toothpaste, Merlot dug out his complimentary airline wash bag. Squeezing out the last bit of paste from the minuscule tube, he managed to brush his furry teeth, but then he noticed there was no soap in the bag, nor any in the tiny mouldy bathroom. He checked to see if there were any remnants left anywhere by a previous guest, perhaps on top of the shower unit, behind the sink, in the bin; there were none. He would have to go and buy some, an excuse to try out that infamous Red Riding Hood route. That would at least give him a chance to practice the way to skip cheerfully to work in the dark of the morning with his basket full of starter kit. Merlot had a plan. He had a head-torch and he had a compass... indeed he still had a throbbing headache and felt increasingly nauseated by the unwholesome stench; but soap was a basic item he could do no longer without.
Switching on the shower, Merlot was unimpressed by the low trickle that pissed on him through the calcified nozzle like an old man with prostrate trouble, but needs must, so he angled himself in to take a quick and sudless low power golden shower. The water kept switching from scalding to icy and back again as his elbows bashed against the flimsy sides of the tiny jack-built cubicle. He broke out dripping, almost snapping the flimsy door off, donned some winter gear and crept outside.
The foot-path at the rear of the little cluster of buildings, past the moss infested and dilapidated playground, past the stables and down past two rabid guard dogs that were by now hollering at him; one had a loud high pitched whelp, the other just wheezed out a foggy breath. Both slightly unhinged by the cursed soul that passed them by.
The path was dark, overgrown and deep with thick black churned mud intermittently mixed with green horse shit. Animals hooves had dug deep curves that had filled with water. Areas of the forest seemed as ancient as his agent had described, with a natural distribution of well established flora, it had certainly not been planted by man.
About a kilometre down the foggy path there was an opening to the left hand side. A field with a lifeless pond sporting a bent and rusting Achtung sign warning passers by that swimming was strictly forbidden. Having no intention of swimming, Merlot was suddenly struck dumb with deja vu.
Somewhere, packed away in his long term storage depot, Merlot had a locked Zarges-Box that was filled with photographs, books, papers and personal effects, including a stack of old notebooks detailing the most vivid of his nightmares and dreams; the records spanned back no less than twenty years. Scribbled in black ink, in a volume from about a dozen years earlier were the details of a sweat ridden nightmare that had filled him with stress, dread and anguish. Furthermore, that very spot was described to a tee. It was a long and complex dream full of archetypal symbology and meaning; but standing there stock still, he suddenly recalled it all quite vividly, not only the imagery, but the gut feelings that went with it.
He had been on the run from someone or something intent on causing him considerable harm. Whatever it was had pursed him through trenches filled with thick mud, across rivers and rail-tracks, over cliffs and waterfalls, and finally through those very dense woods to that same opening where he had lain exhausted, hidden in a ditch to evade capture. Indeed, that was the very same spot, not only in its physical nature, but from somewhere in his mind, he just knew it. A bad omen.
The rest of the way was marked by a river of sludge, meandering its way through a cut in the undergrowth. It was the season for mushrooms. They were everywhere, all manner of them, from clusters of dainty psilocybin and chanterelle, to deep red fly agarics and sturdy death capped doom-shrooms, but they were all just sniggering mocking miniatures of his agents bald pate. Even the trees had sprouted fungal ears that listened out for his footsteps and heavy breath - reporting back his every move to their master, the ominous Toadstalker. A giant hare the size of a small dog just sat indignantly and boldly watched him hobble past. He knew the score. He had done his maths.
In Merlots delirious mind he was now a trudging zombie trapped in some surreal game, and the mushrooms were shooting him with their noxious clouds of spores. The mosquitos were coming at him thick and brown, the size of horse flies; maybe they were horse flies.
A hawk soared in circles overhead; no not a hawk, it was winged Apollyon or perhaps the eagle from the lustrous Hello Bar sputnik, or a buzzard wanting to pick his bones. He could hear Toadstalker laughing hysterically from the thicket. His head pounded and was a mass of itching and swelling from insect bites, while his boots were caked in muck and his back was drenched in sweat from both effort and his rising fever.
Reflecting on the book he had been reading on the flight, Merlot felt he had become the character called Christian, and was struggling through the Miry Slough of Despond, where such a place as cannot be mended where the sinner is awakened about his lost condition and where there ariseth in his soul many fears, and doubts, and discouraging apprehensions, which all of them get together, and settle in this place; and this is the reason of the badness of this ground.
Eventually, a church steeple was seen poking up through a break in the trees, so Merlot knew he was in the vicinity of the village. Carrying on, he felt encouraged; it was the only time that he could remember, when a church had given him an inkling of hope. It would normally have quite the opposite effect. Thoughts of reality started to shake him out of his incoherent derangement; allowing him at least to appreciate the situational irony.
The village provided no such exaltation, it was quite simply... closed; the whole drab place was a dreary ghost-town. He prodded and poked the only cashpoint available, but it failed to recognise the colour of his plastic, and so he figured he had about 20 doublets to last him until he could get to the real world, with a proper bank, a phone signal, WiFi and all of his other usual needs including a decent espresso, a fresh croissant and some life.
Many hours later he was back in his fusty box, with mud and shit up the legs of his jeans, his head was bitten to hell, feet collapsed and back aching. He had at least a green block of mechanics degreasing soap to show for his pains; he had procured it from a hick garage that was serving diesel to rustic yokels on tractors. Literally dripping with sweat, Merlots fever had worsened.
After degreasing and changing he then limped downstairs, following the malodorous steam across the sticky kitchen floor into the dining area. He ordered and ate a gruesome looking Currywurst - the only thing on the very limited menu that he thought would not kill him, and was quick to prepare. Basically, a fat seared sausage drowned in piping hot ketchup with dry curry powder spooned on top, served with skinny chips - a regional dish of the Goths, more likely to be found in Bremen or Berlin than a Bavarian backwater. The chips were left untouched.
After eating Merlot drifted back through the heavy stench and followed the steam back up the stairs and into his room. Opening the small window as wide as the uncompromising corroded hinge allowed, he tried to relax, breathing the fresh night air deep into his lungs. Taking a good few swigs of smooth verdant chartreuse from his hip flask he stared out at the trees opposite, his attention focussed and trance-like. The spindly twig-like extremities of beech tree swayed as if to music, reaching upward like crazed witches dancing some mystical sacrificial ceremony, whilst below the orange and yellow fallen leaves span, swirled and danced in the gentle evening breeze.
Merlot lay on his dwarf sized, flea-ridden, sunken pit and failed to sleep more than a wink. His stomach churned. The rooms dimensions shrank inwards as if he were trapped alive in his own grave, hermetically sealed.
As morning arrived, Merlot was busy being dragged behind an old fashioned steam locomotive, his hands bound tightly together and to the back of the last wagon by a dozen yards of thick old hawser rope. He struggled to stay with the pace which seemed to be just at the very limit of his physical ability. It was all he could do to keep from tripping on the sleepers and being dragged along like a rag-doll. He knew that would surely mean the end.
He gradually came out of his nightmare, exhausted, drawn out of the world of unconsciousness the way he had become accustomed to do so; with eyes still closed and with that now familiar sense of physical inertia. A surreal feeling of hyper-tense anticipation, an uncontrollable inner disharmony, and thick weight, that was so powerfully associated with this recurrent dream that it haunted him; it was just pure sensation: thick like musk and like felt.
Gradually, the rhythm of the train transformed into the tachycardic beat of his heart, and there was a wet patch on his pillow where he had been mutedly moaning, trying in vein to mouth a cry for help, but had only managed to drool spit and slobber.
Becoming progressively aware of the erratic rhythm of his heartbeat and his breath, questions crossed his mind: where was he and what the hell was he doing here. He began to detect the remnants of a migraine screwing in on the bones at his temporal lobes and throbbing behind his eyeballs. The answers to his questions came trickling back as the smell of the place invaded his senses. The memory of his nightmare dissolved like an old spiderweb blown apart by the wind.
He knew, as always, that his arrhythmia would stabilise very shortly after opening his eyes and feeling fresh air on his face. Standing up, still clothed, still aching, he stood by the open window awhile, listening to the morning birdsong for a few moments, until a normal sinus rhythm returned, then he took a shower.
Ravenous, and aware that it might well be his only sustenance for the whole day, he braved the miasma to try the inclusive breakfast: white Semmel bread rolls that he filled with square slices of cheese that curled up at the edges and rounds of questionable salami, all glued together with a generous spooning of thick dark plum paste. He washed it all down with a chipped mug-full of the very same flavourless liquid that Toadstalker had generously treated him to back at the Hello-sign-on-the-dotted-Bar. The scene flashed back as he drank the lukewarm insipid solution. Recalling the previous days events, his anxiety rose. He needed some real coffee to prevent a fully blown migraine and to navigate that bloody Swamp.
He scratched out another ode in his black notebook...

ode to coffee machine (cup i)

grind my beans and ooze my blend,
and in your grits my fate portend,
my time is without end.
bleed your oil and percolate,
the kick that helps me tolerate,
the languor of this wait.
****
Still with time to spare he dug out the newspaper he had on the flight and laid it on the table top, then assembled another bread roll to take with him, packing it jam-full.
Carefully keeping the crossword page intact, he wrapped his bulging ploughmans in the depressing foreign news and tossed the rest out. He folded the crossword page up so that he could pocket it neatly, but first, a chance to fill in another clue while slurping on his percolation... Hair nits stomp strangely for skeptic (13). Distracted by the clues surface, he suddenly felt bed lice and fleas crawling all over him and started to itch. Then he thought, ah yes, an anagram, he could work that out along the way; but he was still itching.
Retracing his dogged bootprints from the previous day, Merlot passed the broken swings, the stables, the rabid dogs, the deja vu, the bitten head, the splattered boots, the dung, the hovering hawk, the laughing shrooms, the hare... it was all still there and more, but it was now even darker. It was an unending nightmare, but he was wide awake, or so he thought. He still had fever, he was sweating, and his feet still ached.
Before leaving the forest and taking the reassuring concrete footpath near the village, Merlot found a mound of damp virgin sphagnum moss that served well to sponge off as much of the excess crap as he could from his leather gardeners boots. He felt slightly remorseful at having pretty much defiled the perfect green pillow of soft succulent moss, which now lay in ruin.
Barnacles
barnacle
noun
any of various marine crustaceans of the subclass Cirripedia that, as adults, live attached to rocks, ship bottoms, etc.
a person or thing that is difficult to get rid of

Merlot arrived a bit later than planned at the Wicket Gate of his agents most prestigious client... probably his only client, looking like someone who had just swept out a stable.
There was no sign of Bunyans Good Will gatekeeper. The neurasthenic receptionist had a high pitched whining voice. An energy sapping drone. Merlots anxiety rose, the first impression of the place did not bode well at all. Her impression of Merlots casual un-Germanic nature unsettled her further. He assaulted her reliance on formality, so in defence she treated him with disregard and cold contempt. She confiscated his passport and tossed him a visitors badge along with a list of paper pushers he had to patronise to appropriate the necessary signatures before he would be allowed his own proud piece of plastic identity.
The first port of call was a woman who had him stand outside her office while she finished arguing with her partner on the phone. Merlot pulled out the folded crossword from his shirt pocket and distracted himself with another clue... Son of Zeus and Leto accepts a yes, and no and becomes the destroyer (8).
After yelling for Merlot to enter she did not look up once. Another neurotic doling out security paraphernalia, a site map with random pink highlighter splotches, and impatient incoherent instruction. More useless self perpetuating prolix circumlocution worthy of a Dickensian Barnacle. A job creation scheme for the local bogans no doubt.
Next came the doctor's office. Merlot was expecting the cold spoon under the gonad test or the full rubber gloved anal probe up the backside, but fortunately it was merely a formality to ask if he was unclean. And yes, although he was quite unclean, and of unsound mind, all the right boxes still seemed to get ticked... No typhus, no venereal diseases, no emphysema, and so on. He did admit to suffering debilitating migraines, which didnt seem to matter, but he managed at least to walk away with a handful of paracetamol, unfortunately without codeine.
Some hours later he finally had enough bonus points to get his passport back and to have a snapshot taken for his corporate membership card.
The queue outside badge lady's office was huge; everyone was suited and booted, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. Eager young beavers all pari passu. Not however a chirpy batch, they were sweating cobs and bolt upright. A crate of genetically engineered corporate hatchlings straight off the conveyor belt about to be tagged and pitched into the factory farm hullabaloo.
The whole brood was crammed into the small waiting room trying not to make eye contact. Merlot thought perhaps they must have just undergone the anal probe or gonad test, or perhaps were all suffering from dengue fever like himself... No, the heating was just up on full whack, set to incubate. He tried to cut the ice with some idle words - they just smiled nervously.
Merlots throat felt dry and constricted, so he slipped into the adjoining kitchenette and to the trepidation of the perfect progeny he helped himself to a gallon of cold water straight from the sink tap spout and demolished a loose biscuit. Then he wiped the remaining crap off his boots with a few yards of paper towel. He didnt care any more. He was humming in his sodden jocks, minging socks and horse-shit splattered threadbare jeans that were threatening to split at the backside at any moment - and he was at snapping point too. Finally it was Merlots turn, but an eager young Indian slipped the clutch and was in like Flynn. Merlot just laughed, announcing Damn it... Hell go far! Pipped at the post, it was the story of his life.
It was certainly not a baptism by the three shining Holy Angels, who had given Christian the greeting of peace, new garments, and a scroll as a passport into the Celestial City. Hed get the scroll at least; the one size fits all holy garment he had already cast by the wayside, and this... well this, was no Celestial City; it was The Matrix, and he was about to be plugged into some permie-pod and become an unwitting donor in some kind of unholy apheresis, whereby his very soul would be leached out of him and trickled into some giant amphora.
The Holy Badge Angel had also long since lost her wings, she was another picture of humourless misery; and yet deadly efficient. She focused her lens and snapped a portrait of Merlot sitting in front of the orange and blue cloth background.
Her new fangled device spat forth a freshly toasted badge, a warm expressionist reflection of Merlots mental state, not unlike Edvard Munchs Scream, and that was that. He was finally an esteemed member of the sad hive; one of the po-faced horde. Snared, shackled, branded, steamed, toasted, buggered and now, christened too - with his own numeric identity tag. Merlot felt no enlightenment, heard no seraphic clarion call; in fact his burden felt far heavier than ever; he felt claustrophobic, sinking in the stifling ennui of the brain-dead.
Any eagerness was nigh on beaten out of him. However with a fistful of signatures, Merlot could finally meet his comrades and see the Celestial Beast from within; there was a glimmer of hope. He ambled over to his appointed department and soon discovered that it was not only the accommodation that did not mark up to how it had been painted on the Internet and expertly varnished by Toadstalker.
He was granted a windowless alcove in a student interns office. The student was busy browsing for geeky gadgets on his double widescreens, looking for his own relief and distraction. Straight from University, he was biding his time, paying off the debt of sponsorship. A modern-day feudally bonded serf, surfing his life away. With nothing to compare his employer to, he thought he must be on to a good crack; well his parents were proud and his pension safely accumulating, all was well.
As an external consultant, Merlot was usually treated with respect deserving of his grey hairs and long experience, but he had found himself somehow transported back to the time when he had cut his teeth, back to the eighties, to Thatcherite Britain, where freelancers were stigmatised, castigated, deemed lower than a serf, a vagabond, a scumbag. It was a bastion of old school mentality, a grimy tide line, a waxworks museum where anachronistic attitudes, tools and techniques were on display; where nothing really moved. His job would be to dust down the clay mannequins as they cracked in the heat and gradually fell to pieces, to clean up the broken bits, to operate the lighting and the thermostat.
Merlots monitor was old, dusty and small; he had tossed away better decades ago. No user account was set up, and he was informed that, it would take at least a fortnight if he was lucky before he would be granted local network and internet access - as if that were the one and only vital organ supporting the miserable modus operandi. It was all he could do but spend the remaining hours poring over parchment, palimpsest and dead sea scroll; anachronistic obfuscated shelf-ware full of misinformation, thick with cut and paste methodology, very thin on technique, style or enlightenment and totally bereft of creativity. Never mind the quality, feel the width. His mind wandered away from it all. Hed seen enough already. The beast was no better on the inside; it was yet another one rotten to the core.
Clamjamphrie
clamjamphrie
noun (Scottish)
rubbish
spoken nonsense
worthless people
Wandering over to the coffee room, Merlot found the vending machine and keyed in his order: espresso, no sugar, no milk, double strength. His expectation was low. The vending machine clicked and groaned. It spat him out a flimsy brown beaker and spurted its insulting seethe from its atherosclerotic adjutage.
Merlot carried the scalding beaker of disgusting oily linctus back to his desk, and added a new coffee-ring to the Olympic-flag like collection. He looked at the offensive brew, took out his notebook and penned himself another ode just beneath the last one...
ode to coffee machine (cup ii)
prime your pump and slop that gunk,
i sip your spill - my minds aspunk,
with thoughts of yet another bunk.
squirt through muck and capsulate,
that gulp that quickens mind and date,
when boredom will berate.
****
After being given the routine perfunctory introductions around the frowsy corridors, he was greeted by the poor defeated soul he was to replace. Merlot thought, of course yes, its Bunyans Interpreter, the person to teach the right way to live The Christian life, perhaps this man had all the answers, after all, he was the guardian of the trove.
There was no treasure, and the guardian, was an overweight rubicund Nibelung, a garrulous Glaswegian given to diffuse bafflegab and gobbledegook; his face a disintegrating sponge, all pock-marks, puce pustules and craters oozing sweat and schnapps, a goblin who wheezed and walked like he had the woes of the world on his back.
After seeing the sad broken and prematurely ageing barnacled drones humped over their desks with decades of dirt ground into their worn out keyboards, a low wattage light bulb began to flicker on. Somewhere deep in his limbic system a neuron fired off a safety flare up into the blank nothingness of his cerebral cortex. Fight or flight. It was a no brainer, it had to be flight. Merlot had made the decision and pulled the mental rip cord. The rip cord that deployed his scumbag safety-net. He sent one SMS out on his phone - the net was cast; There was no turning back.
After realising that a bloody and mortal encounter with his good old friend the Grim Reaper would certainly be the more welcome alternative than to become barnacled, hunched, cratered and pock marked, to subsist on stale shelf-ware and add his own strata of dead skin cells and coffee rings to the aeons of grime... he spat his zombie dummy and had decided to walk Spanish. But first the catharsis.
In the copy room, Merlot fed the heavy-duty cross-shredder all of his contractual documents, plus the profuse pages of circumlocution he had somehow already accumulated, the waffle, the bullshit... and it felt good. He watched the grunting little wart-hog of a grinder shake and spit out the chaff of clamjamphrie. Merlot had snapped.
He had a get out clause if he acted fast; it had to be done on day one, so he zipped up his somewhat lighter rucksack and strutted the strut back out past the neurotic receptionist without so much as a by your leave. The iron gate extolled Merlots departure.
Following his boot-prints again through the Swamp of Despair, Merlot was almost free of Toadstalkers well-honed skinner and his evil scouts. Just one last bad omen left to dodge. Some workmen had chopped a young oak tree down right across the path and were standing about, chatting in some kind of Slovak tongue and having a smoke; so he had to make a dash through the thicket wood to avoid any possible ambush. After all, they may have been Toadstalkers dark emissaries.
Merlot had now engaged his autopilot and set the course on a heading to a retreat he knew, a place he could revive himself. His body moved of its own accord and his mind was detached. His limbs no longer ached, he was out of his body, exhausted, but the body had still a long way to travel.
Back at the barn it was all dark. A sign hung over the brass door-knocker in old-fashioned Gothic script: Ferientag. The staff were having a day off, that meant no sebaceous scoff tonight; thank the Gods. The room keys were all lined up with little post it notes on the ottoman in the hallway and the only apparent signs of life about the place were the two emphysemic hounds from hell and a rather large rat-catcher of a farm cat.
Up in his room briefly, Merlot scornfully binned the pen, the mug, the pad, the timetable and left the polo-shirt on the shelf: a gift for Deadpan. Then hauling his luggage onto his aching back, he set off for the railway station and thereafter spent the next eight hours on a succession of rickety regional trains heading West towards Augsburg, before heading South; he was too late and had missed the last chance to take the more direct route through Munich. It was as if time were dilating, lengthening Merlots tortuous escape from the black hole of Erebus.
On a succession of dusty seats designed by sadists, and through further delays and cancellations, through half a dozen remote, rushed and missed connections, through an Octoberfest throng of kebab munching drunken tourists in mock leather trousers, pleated dirndls and bulging cleavage, he gradually made it back to civilisation, finally back through the event horizon and into the light.
It was well into the small hours and the Hauptbahnhof in Zrich was already having its iron lattice gate drawn shut. A short but extortionate taxi ride away and Merlot was back on his home turf, in his comfort zone; his strained umbilicus was no longer twanging at snapping point and he felt like he might even survive the night.
In Zrich the next day the sun was shining, and the Bavarian bum steer and delusional 'shroom swamp began to seem more like the vague memory of some kind of delirium. The fog had dissipated both inside and outside his head. The fever was dropping and a mental partition was already well under construction by the little brick layers in his head.
Merlot was now at his second home, back at the hotel where he would stay while hauling in the contractors safety net, checking it for anything palatable. He was hoping for a better catch, something small and still alive, perhaps a Sonnenbarsch or Flussbarsch, certainly not another dead rotting whale carcass with incumbent hag fish.
Settled into a rickety chair out on the empty hotel patio, with his back to the window, Merlot watched the early morning joggers bound past along the bike path, absentmindedly plugged into their own wired rhythms. Ponytails swayed from side to side like metronomes to the soft squelching tempo of damp autumn leaves crushing under foot. There was sawdust and kerosene in the air, mixed with a strange smokiness wafting over from the nearby crematorium, and over the rill tatty looking urchins on splintered skateboards practiced stunts and ground their axles against plinths of course granite, adding a harsh discord to the flustered farrago of the breakfast bedlam going on behind him. To Merlot, it was serenity, and the perfect setting to regain his senses.
Enjoying a multi-coloured highball glass of Campari layered with freshly squeezed orange juice, a dash of angostura bitters and a healthy squeeze of lime - just to cut the palate and stave off scurvy - Merlot was ruminating over his morning grid. He penned in the answer to a clue... Sludge returns a fishy end - pillock! (7). Well, he certainly felt like one.
Picking up his little red book and flicking through it, Merlot found his man out of his Valley of the Shadow of Death, and relaxing in the City Vanity Fair:
...wherein should be sold all sorts of vanity, and that it should last all the year long. Therefore, at this fair are all such merchandise sold as houses, lands, trades, places, honors, preferments, titles, countries, kingdoms, lusts, pleasures; and delights of all sorts, as harlots, wives, husbands, children, masters, servants, lives, blood, bodies, souls, silver, gold, pearls, precious stones, and what not.
And moreover, at this fair there is at all times to be seen jugglings, cheats, games, plays, fools, apes, knaves, and rogues, and that of every kind.
Bugger Heaven and the Celestial City, Merlot was far more comfortable in the familiarity of Vanity Fair. He was perfectly at ease jousting with Beelzebub or joking with that Depressed Harvester - The Grim Reaper.
Putting the book aside for a while, his thoughts turned to the prospect of work, feeling inspired he penned a short ode...
ode to the hour merchant
wake up its time rise and shine,
your day is at the crack.
the sparrow fart and dollar heart,
both call you to the hack.
go home it's late, with mega rate,
you've cashed another wedge.
you've traded time for one more dime,
to buy that slush fund hedge.
moronic fool youre such a tool,
they used you cant you see.
with carrot stick and politic,
and hollow guarantee.
wake up its time rise and shine,
your day is at the crack.
old body part and broken heart,
both call you to the quack.
****
A hand touched gently on Merlots shoulder. It was the girl from behind the hotel bar, who had been quietly wiping down the plastic chairs and had just brought him a fresh Campari with a gorgeous smile; a far cry indeed from sullen faces he has left behind.
Part Two
Merlots Revival
 
Vanity Fair
Vanity Fair
noun
often not capitals (literary) the social life of a community, esp. of a great city, or the world in general, considered as symbolising worldly frivolity
From its northern side it floated, tired and drab, like a rusting fishing vessel adrift in a moonlit sea. Waves of lively winter wheat shimmered in the breeze. Above the prow, a neon sail spasmodically zapped and flickered its viridian hue at the rabble of moths that danced, transfixed in the limelight. Bats swung by and picked them off, one by one, like hungry seagulls circling excitedly for scraps.
The leeward side boasted the shallow trickle of a brook that was home to a discarded shopping trolley, an abandoned mountain bike, an empty bottle of Edradour, an overweight calico cat and rivet of hidden frogs that unknowingly lampooned the goings on.
Over the brook, prefabricated Portakabins housed bemused asylum seekers while a sawmill screeched the sound of a thousand cat fights. On the windward side, a neat herd of half a dozen perfect postcard cows sporting yellow ear tags munched nonchalantly as they watched the guests ebb and flow; well travelled bovines, frozen into snapshots and shown to giggling relatives in the far flung corners of the world.
The backdrop to the farmscape was a concrete crematorium with a smoke stack that belched and billowed the souls of the dearly departed up into the evening sky. At regular intervals, the living were also sent skyward, inside the hulls of whining aircraft as they tilted towards the heavens, so low you could almost reach up and stroke their white shark-like underbellies, and so slowly they would appear to defy physics.
At its stern, a plastic boom gate greeted dented jalopies and low-end rentals that reflected the two fading stars of luxury: one for the clapped out airport shuttle bus, the other for the underpowered hair clogged hairdryers. This hotel was cheap, but unlike its more upmarket rivals - and more importantly of course - its bar stayed open right through till the crack of dawn.
From the perspective of the benighted cow-field, an oceanic pool of colour was visible through an aquarium-like wall of glass where a designer glow illuminated a veritable apothecary of concoctions. Ampoules backlit in malachite, lapis lazuli, teal and turquoise refracted the hues of rock-pools beneath which a ballet of beautiful sea nymphs seemed to wallow and bathe in an aqua-marine lagoon of light. A few lost souls could be seen beached, walrus-like upon the adamantine bar; sedated in obeisance, occasionally raising a glass to their parched lips, turning a heavy head this way and that, or lifting a limb in a feeble plea for help. An exotic choreography of graceful movement reached upwards toward esoteric elixirs, as the odalisques attended to the needs of the suffering, decanting their sanguineous carafes of vital fluid, mixing their therapeutic panaceas and filling glasses with healing froth and foam.
Apart from that, nothing much seemed to be going on, there was no urgency. Not yet.
Gout
gout
noun
a metabolic disease characterised by painful inflammation of certain joints, esp. of the big toe and foot, caused by deposits of sodium urate in them
(archaic) a drop or splash, esp. of blood
Just as the 19:30 airport shuttle arrived with its solitary Chinese passenger carrying a bulging paper bag and a worried look, a beige taxi swung through the boom-gate and pulled up as close as it could to the automatic glass doors, so close the doors slid open. Out of the rear, just back from his daily toil, emerged a stick insect of a man, as if hatching awkwardly from an egg-sac and stretching out its gangly body. He was a crumpled Englishman who passed an equally crumpled bill to the driver. With no luggage, no briefcase and certainly no tip, he waited for his exact change. He had no idea hed been given the touristic route, so both he and the driver were content. His Beckettian face looked kind but broken, bereft of any hue. A black and white man in a colour world.
Pausing by the cigarette machine he pulled out a fist of fluff and coins from his fusty trouser pocket and prodded at them nervously. Finding the elusive jeton, he posted it into the slot with a trembling hand, and then struggled to pull out the tray containing his desired brand, the one with the highest tar level. He felt almost unequal to the task, but managed one final victorious yank. The packet jumped free and fell by his old piss stained suede shoes. Falling face up it displayed a government health warning - a repulsive picture of a festering necrotic mouth with rotten teeth and putrefied gum boils along with the reminder Cigarettes cause mouth and throat cancer. He didnt need reminding, he had already experienced cancer once, and he couldnt care less.
The Chinese man stopped to help him, picking up and passing him his smokes. He smiled and nodded at the considerate man, muttering Thanks. Pausing momentarily, as if to consider offering one, he reconsidered; knowing as if by instinct that the man was no smoker. Through the window hed caught a glimpse of the barmaid wiping down the bar, and became aware of a dryness at the back of his throat. After pocketing the full pack he limped lugubriously, and with deliberation through the lobby, unnoticed, without distraction.
His feet throbbed with both gout and a genetic deformity he had inherited from his mothers side. The deformity made it hard for him to keep his feet flat, they had a natural tendency to curl under, like the lotus-feet of 19th century Cantonese concubines. He skirted behind an imbroglio of Japanese tourists that were being kettled by a loud woman holding up a placard and wearing strange headgear. Invisible to the crowd, he moved towards the bar.
The man placed his tatty green jacket over the back of the first stool and slid into his usual place. A well-considered spot next to the sandwich-bin where he could best gaze at the goings on both behind, and in front of the other, longer side of the L-shaped bar.
Thoughts of his days drudgery began to diffuse, and some stress fell from his face, but his gut still scorched like a cauldron of caustic bile. His posture was stiff, upright and completely motionless, like that of a predatory katydid about to pounce. He smelled of throat lozenges, ash and unwashed clothing. He greeted the barmaid with a nod and a cursory smile... but still no words. He needed that first drink like hell. 
Darling
darling
noun
a person very much loved: often used as a term of address
a favouritethe teacher's darling
Behind the bar stood a starched new starter, a fine student of lackadaisical inhospitality. Gracefully inexperienced, Darling was drop-dead gorgeous, and with not a single strand of her waist long hair out of place. She worked mostly behind the hotel bar from late afternoon until no longer needed. Having an aversion to work of any kind, and being naturally slow moving, meant she was not really needed at all, except of course by Gout, but the hotel was obliged to take in a few students each year.
Most of Darlings time was spent serving frothy beer, bad wine, tea, and sour coffee. Occasionally shed manage to escape the bar when called upon to defrost and ding up a pre-cooked meal, or when the annoying tannoy would sound its little tintinnabulation to inform her there was something ready to serve-up from the kitchen. However, she no longer registered the sound, always needing a gentle reminder from one of her exasperated colleagues.
When times were slack, her remit was to look useful, to be seen filling up the nut and crisp bowls and wiping the surfaces. Darling spent inordinate amounts of time putting the coffee-machine through its cleaning cycle, glad that she could just daydream. Unfortunately it was no brass Sputnik with dials and taps, just an oversized grey plastic box with a digital panel and a few silver buttons. The coffee it exuded reflected its dour appearance despite its cleanliness, but was by no means quite as vitriolic as the breakfast coffee that was provided to the plebeian rabble.
Living somewhere on upper floors of the hotel, Darling shared an un-serviced room with her equally inhospitable colleague, Sultry; they did not see eye-to-eye. Their accommodation and living costs were automatically deducted from their modest income, so their remaining pay was pretty paltry, even for students on work experience placements.
Having already seen Gouts ominous arrival as she was gazing through the windows, Darling had become agitated, uncomfortable, and began to feel somewhat trapped.
Having befriended her a few months earlier, when she had first started her placement, Gout had already made his first moves, grooming her, before she had the experience to know better, by offering her all kinds of advice and plying her with small gifts.
She had been ensnared by the swathing silky unctuosity that he oozed with the ease of an arachnid spinning silk from its aciniform glands; but in his case, from his mouth-parts, though equally ominous.
Little did she know that the mans intent had been to parcel her up like a tasty little dim sum from the very beginning, employing his sickly sweet cloying web of kindness to maximum effect. He was preparing a meal, to devour at his leisure, in the confines of his creepy lair, at some later date.
Gradually Darling found herself more and more uncomfortable with the man, and yet she had somehow become increasingly entangled. Each time she had tried to pass him off with casual remarks aimed at detachment, he skilfully managed to latch on to some aspect of them, drawing her in closer. Then finally, and not through any a conscious decision, but rather by natural reflex, she had given up the struggle and had become as passive and still as a damselfly caught in a web.
Having once heard Gouts Freudian slip yes please, darling to the offer Earl Grey or Darjeeling, they had both laughed. The joke had stuck, and so she was called Darling from then on. Playful for a week, the joke became a little worn out as Gout overplayed it, so much so that it began to grate on her nerves. Everyone had recognised that; but not Gout, he intended to get the full mileage. Darling was almost at breaking point, but remained a picture of charming poise and loveliness.
The beer that Darling had already rather nervously pulled for Gout had frothed up and spat foam in her face, so shed left it aside to settle. A novice at the taps, she still struggled to pull a decent beer at the best of times. As he sat down she placed it methodically on an old damp coaster upon the frosted glass surface, half beer, half foam. His lugubrious voice was hushed yet rasped, uncannily deep for his apparent frailness, thank you Darling. She did not reply, but stood there calmly, courteous and attentive, as if in expectation for half a minute.
Her eyes caught his as he took his first swig of paregoric. He had metallic blue eyes that she felt just seemed to know everything, to drill through to her core. She squeezed her lips to communicate the message of a smile without actually smiling, then looked away, half embarrassed, habitually flicking her biodegradable hotel pen back and forth, and spasmodically clicking the top. She smelled of clean linen, soap and bubblegum.
Darling drifted off to key in Gouts beer at the safety of the touch-screen till; while he drank in her every move as he sucked at his foam... every mannerism, every gesture. He noted the way she always bent her right leg and lifted her right heel as she stood there, the way she'd carefully tuck her hair behind her right ear. He wondered why she seemed so vacant and predisposed.
He thought they were working her way too hard, and it annoyed him.
Sultry
sultry
adjective
-trier, -triest
(of weather or climate) oppressively hot and humid
characterised by or emitting oppressive heat
displaying or suggesting passion; sensualsultry eyes
Sultry was a tiny girl, pretty too, but rather quirky and aloof, quite conscious of her aggressive skin complaint; she was sharp as a tack, a little bit too good to serve, quite definitely on the up and up. She kind of worked the breakfast bar on the morning shift, then spent most of her afternoons on the Internet looking for a better future, or flirting with her boss.
Darling was from Hong Kong; Sultry from New Delhi, both the least experienced and least enthusiastic staff at the hotel, and both counting their days left. Sultry wanted to be a tour operator and was only provisionally studying hospitality until she could get a footing elsewhere; she had her life planned out completely, whereas Darling was just floating along in one long ethereal daydream, hoping, or perhaps knowing, that her natural beauty and grace would bale her out in the end.
Being an anally retentive perfectionist, a neat and tidy obsessive compulsive freak, it annoyed Darling to the extreme that Sultry never made her bed, threw her clothes on the floor and dropped crumbs of food all over their room. Even their aromas contrasted; Sultry gave off an earthly air of cardamom and ointment.
Already in a dilemma, thinking of heading back to Hong Kong and studying something else, Darling did not want to be seen to be giving up in front of her parents. Her family were very wealthy; and this was their hotel test. They had hoped that with some luck she may even meet an honourable man. She also knew that if she failed this simple test, she would lose face.
Her health was running down fast. Having to share a room with her antithesis got her down. Sultry even insisted on cooking in the room, so the place continually reeked like a curry-house. There was no love lost between them. They were like chalk and cheese.
Sassy
sassy
adjective
Word forms:sassier, sassiest
lively, bold and full of spirit
cheeky
mid 19th cent.: variant of saucy
At about five foot eight, relatively tall next to her female colleagues, slim built with shoulder length jet black rough cut and tousled hair, a short mischievous fringe, wide dark eyes and a cute gaminesque expression along with a playful tom-boyish quirky manner; Sassy was a Czech, six months pregnant and still working ten hours a day on her swollen feet, mixing drinks and carrying dishes to and from the tables in the dining area and out on the patio.
With humour as dry as a tack, and often as direct as a lance, she always got right to the sore point, and took absolutely no antagonism from anyone, neither staff nor guest alike. There were indeed no bones about her. Having brought up her half a dozen belligerent brothers in the roughest quarter of Prague, she knew well how to deal with trouble-makers. She could wipe the floor with the scum of the earth, and often had to; but, more importantly, she could read a situation well in advance, and pre-empt a stewing squabble with a quip or two, turning the heat down, before it could boil over. Sassy always moved in to the defence of her co-workers when they found themselves having to deal with troublesome upstarts, and always left the confrontation unaffected, as cool as a cucumber.
The least unscrupulous of them all as far as the hotel game went, Sassy was sanguine, energetic, straight up and totally efficient. She could be quite premenstrual at times, but that was her shtick, and it suited her well. People who knew her for half an hour disliked her, if they stayed a full week they found themselves somewhat unable to quite weigh her up, but those fortunate to get to know know her for longer than a month, loved her completely.
Fools were not suffered gladly, she was intolerant of idiots, egoists, hypocrites, misogynists, misandrists, alcoholics, wankers, tossers, smart-arses, rude bastards, thieves, pimps and whores; that covered ninety percent of the clientele. However, Sassy had a very sensitive side too, which she reserved for her very few close friends.
Bombshell
bombshell
noun
(esp formerly) a bomb or artillery shell
a shocking or unwelcome surprisethe news of his death was a bombshell
(informal) an attractive girl or woman (esp in the phrase blonde bombshell)
Sassys closest comrade was a Bolivian bombshell, also brought up in Prague after her parents were granted asylum. She was the longest serving bar staff member and knew the crack better than anyone; surviving on her quick-wits and highly tuned perceptions, she had developed her own tricks of the trade and kept them pretty much to herself. Her main advantage was that she didnt really need the income, unlike the rest; that fact caused more than a smidgeon of animosity. She had seen them all come and go, and there had been quite a few. At five foot two and a half she was the tiniest, and by far the hottest, having inherited her stunning looks from her mother and her quiet diplomacy from her father. Diminutive, but all in perfect proportion and with all the curves in the right places, Bombshell was a true man-magnet.
Worn up in a seemingly endless catalogue of elegant styles, her long thick dark hair was usually adorned with all sorts of feminine accoutrements: chop-sticks, biros, butterflies, feathers, flowers or fluffy fandangles... you name it; her wages just about covered the bills for the hairstylist, the waxing-salon, the pedicurist, the manicurist and the masseuse. She had cinnamon skin, a perspicacious round face with high cheekbones, wide set vulpine eyes and a smile that melted hearts. For some, she was the flame that attracted them to this dark corner of Zrich, and the only reason to be there. Gout thought her arse was too round, as it was, well... arse shaped, surprisingly enough. Gout thought anyone with more curves than a Marlborough was malformed; he also thought anyone over the age of his lodger was past it - himself not included of course.
Most of the men and some of the women who passed through the bar were instantly struck by Bombshell, and rumour had it that she did indeed swing both ways. She wallowed in the attention, and played the part exceedingly well. She also had no time for wasters, dirty old gits, people ordering free hot water or free ice, people asking for their reeking take-aways to be dinged up, tight arses who carried their shrapnel in a purse and sat with one beer all night long, or people who haggled over their measly bills.
So, Bombshell and Sassy formed a kind of in house Mafia; they communicated in their own Czech dialogue to each other when they were not speaking German. Fast paced and colloquial, so few, if any, could follow. They griped about the work, their bosses, their lovers, their partners, their health, but most of all, they moaned about the guests; particularly if that customer was from an impoverished background and had been caught out putting on airs and graces.
At the moment they were discussing Gout, his long grimy fingernails and the plain platinum band that he wore on his ring finger. The ring finger typically being on the right hand in Switzerland. After all, there had been no mention of a Mrs Gout. 
Merlot
merlot
noun
a black grape grown in France and now throughout the wine-producing world, used, often in a blend, for making wine
any of various wines made from this grape
Already seated at the bar was Merlot, a man 15 years or so younger than Gout, however some years younger than he currently felt; he was shaven headed, tanned and finally managing to relax. After his recent experience, he was now seriously considering packing it all in, making his avocation a vocation, as a full time peripatetic Flneur, if only it paid the blood money for his string of ex-wives.
Perhaps one more godforsaken job in Europe just to cover the backlog of bills, then that - he thought - would be that, and he could retire to a Zen Buddhist monastery. He was of course dreaming. Merlot had been tilting at the windmills in the freelance software industry for well over thirty arduous years, twenty six hectic and high pressure contract jobs mirrored over fifty odd addresses across the northern hemisphere. Having moved about so often, Merlot felt completely free of any earthly attachment; he was bound to no place whatsoever, so a cheap hotel was as good as anywhere; but of course, it had to have some basic level of service.
Now shacked-up together with a full-blooded Australian, he was temporarily based in Adelaide while she completed her post doctoral research; something in Marine Biology, shark migration patterns, their breeding and feeding grounds. In his own way Merlot was a migrating shark with his own migration patterns; he had a tribe of children by various women spread all over the globe, they had all but pretty much disowned him. Merlot had based himself in Australia as his psychiatrist had recommended as much sunlight as possible for his chronic depression. Refusing to medicate artificially, he instead opted for a more active and brighter life, but soon discovered that Australia was not all wine and roses - though a dammed sight more laid back than Europe.
Having long left the U.K., and having based himself in Amsterdam, Gout had long since lost any thought whatsoever of returning to his motherland. Indeed, that place no longer existed. His own Sisyphean trek had been along a coincident path to that of his bald-headed alter ego. The Quixotic duo had indeed both been washed ashore by the same tide of vicissitudes and were now beached at the scum-line, the tide-mark, just above the dog-eat-dog littoral zone where they crabbed out a living. The slings and arrows of bitter and twisted experience had taken its toll. The rapacious claws of greed had ripped and torn at what little hope was left of their worn out peripatetic souls, and their sorry-assed deracinated carcasses had washed up once again at this hotel bar as husks of the men they once were; all grist having been sucked out of them and taken to the mill. At least thats how they played it, wallowing in self pity; it was certainly not the way the hotel staff saw things. To the hotel staff they were there to be anaesthetised and squeezed... squeezed like lemons, pips and all.
Merlot had taken a long, steaming hot, high power shower in his usual room; namely, room number 1 - the Merlot Suite. This time madly working the full complimentary soap dispenser as if it were a bilge pump, to purge the swamp from the depths of his soul, to cleanse the stench of his recent foray from his infected being, and to cleanse the bed bugs from his skin; he just about ripped it off the wall, milking it of its familiar marzipan perfumed ooze. He had dressed in a clean brown polo-shirt with creases where the long term folds had been, no labels, loafers with clean faded blue jeans folded up an inch or so at the hem.
Merlot always kept a pile of brand new or freshly laundered clothes at the hotel along with a small amount of cash, his local SIM cards, a wash bag with all the daily necessities and whatever other items he did not wish to lumber himself with whilst travelling. There was nothing of great value, it was all just there for the convenience factor.
The other items included various bits and pieces for his work, such as his own top of the range backlit bluetooth keyboard and laser mouse, as he never liked to use his clients grimy peripherals, particularly the personal ones, those he had to come into contact with; he was paranoid about the infestation of bacteria and possible infection. As a contractor, a few days off with gastroenteritis was essentially unpaid leave, and the only places he wanted to be when unpaid was a beach, a bar, or a coffee-shop - not tucked up in a hotel bed. He also kept a full bottle of his favourite nightcap and a half litre bottle of isopropyl-alcohol with a pile of cotton-buds for disinfecting other items such as office telephones, door knobs, the hotel room remote control and so on. Firmly adhering to the popular belief that there were more germs clogged in a greasy telephone mouthpiece than spreading underneath the average toilet seat, Merlot took no chances.F
He called it his Scumbag-boot-kernel. It never went missing as it was all contained in another of his secure metal Zarges-Boxes, a small portable one, padlocked closed and left in the trust of his trustworthy Bombshell. Having tossed his muddy reminders straight into the rubbish, he felt like himself again. Reinstalled and rebooted. Like a creature that had shed its reptilian cracked skin and renewed itself once again; reanimated, with renewed vigour.
After dressing he sprayed his freshly shaved face and head with the cologne he found in his boot-kernel wash-bag, the heavy spicy, orange and citrus of the Eau dOrange Vert stung like hell, and the fragrance instantly took him back to his previous stay. The association was like a switch. It was a the fragrance of the old partition, and he now found himself totally absorbed into it.
Merlot had a quick check round his room. He noticed a distinctive yellow singe on the bathroom window sill. It was a non smoking room, as they all were. It piqued him slightly, but he had already figured out who must have been responsible for the unsightly scorch mark. They didnt give that room to all and sundry; it was usually reserved for him, or for the Food & Beverages staff. Besides, only they knew where the window key was hidden - under the rear left bed leg - and the window would have to be opened to blow the smoke out of, so as not to set off the fire alarm. He deduced that of all the smokers, the chef was the only character likely to put his cigarette on the ledge in that manner. He was right. He smiled to himself, proud of his powers of deduction as he wandered through into the bar.
Bombshell ruched out from behind the bar and greeted him with a warm hug, declaring as he lifted her off the floor, Eh Bandito! Phoarghhh... Das ist brutal! Jokingly referring to the wall of spice, musk, wood and citrus that had suddenly engulfed her. Sassy, waddled around too and greeted him warmly, she was not quite as physical due to her delicate situation, instead offering the traditional Swiss-style three kisses on alternating cheeks; he noticed that she smelled familiar: something like play-dough and finger-paint. She had one button of her shirt popped undone where her pregnant belly was stretching it tightly. Merlot teased her playfully over that and she smiled, rubbing her bulge lovingly, smiling and flicking her fringe. The situation was soon as if he had never been away, with all the actors taking up their usual roles in the long waiting game.
After seating himself at the bar, and getting comfortable, he greeted the approaching Gout, Dude, youre still here, I thought youd died man. Laid out in front of Merlot was a half completed crossword, a pad of paper, half a jug and glass of cheap red wine, a glass of mineral water, a worn out mobile phone and a rather depleted looking peanut bowl.
Christ, what happened to your head, it looks like...?
Horse-flies dude, horse-flies, then a razor, then aftershave... just dont go there, you dont want to know... It stings like hell.
Then Merlot read out a cryptic clue... Trap-hole stuck in a horrific ending - with no ring hand. As Gout relaxed on his own stool the troubles left his face, he smiled, How many letters? Merlot responded, Seven letters, starts with an O. It was as if he had never been away.
Replying with one of the only Dutch words he knew, Gout pronounced his Leckerding shibboleth with a very English accent as he gestured with wide open eyes and a nod towards the Japanese woman behind them both. She had jumped out of the bubbling kettle and ventured into the bar area to have a gorp around, as her group gained confidence and begun to disperse.
Nope, too many letters, and anyway, that contains r-i-n-g.
She was indeed ravishing. Merlot, in jest, added his own watchword No arse, fully intending to wind Gout up, knowing dammed well it was all puerile distraction and that he only really had eyes for his Darling. Spooning out the dregs of the nut bowl into his palm Merlot wondered why his Goddess had not replenished his bereft begging bowl.
He thought they didnt work her hard enough, and it annoyed him.
She could have topped your foam up dude. Gout knew he wasnt serious, he gave that look, the look of indifference with a slow shrug of his bony thin shoulders. And Steroids been smoking spliffs in my room again. Hes only gone an burnt a bloody hole in my window sill, the bastard. Steroid was the chef, Merlot had given him the mnemonic for various reasons. They laughed, both knowing the night had begun. Carpe Noctem indeed.
Gout looked at his beer, he looked at the clock; the clock was stuck at ten-fifteen, but he knew his time was ticking all the same. He was rapidly approaching the time when he should seriously consider retirement. Darling could have been his granddaughter; well, his daughter at least. Such thoughts caused his mind to drift back to Amsterdam, to his twenty-six year-old lodger who suggestively sauntered around his subconsciousness, scantily clad and totally beguiling. Although he'd never had the satisfaction, he could live with the desire; he revelled in the illusion and distraction for a moment. She had indeed led him on a bit, wearing what she did around his flat, morning and evening. He was sure that she secretly enjoyed driving him to distraction. Well, he never complained.
Anyway, they had argued about something quite trivial. It was concerning comments he had made regarding another woman, an older woman, someone who had some history with him. The lodger had suddenly become spiteful, either having possessive or jealous feelings. Well, they were certainly not a couple, and yet the argument had fallen into the familiar pattern of a bickering couple. She had called him a pervert. He thought the whole scenario quite frustrating. Anyway, he needed a change, and so he had quite calmly and kindly suggested that it would be better that she leave. The next morning she apologised, and there were even tears; real or fake, he didnt know, but they at least secured her an extension. Finally she promised him that she would leave, but then quite unexpectedly, he himself had to leave, for a six month contract. So now he was stuck in a city, completely foreign to him, in a job that was well beneath his capability, working for a numpty of a boss who, feeling threatened, was trying his best to have him sacked.
Meanwhile, the lodger now had the full run of his apartment. She now had the psychological advantage and had even moved her girlfriend in before he could clear the atmosphere. He gratuitously subsidised their rent, but got nothing back except balls that weighed heavily with it all, bile that boiled and excruciating ulcers that burned like hot iron pokers searing away the inside of his stomach wall. Gout wanted his old life back, he wanted his flat back, but he also desired company, female company, though not the way it was.
Now Darling was the proxy for all that pent up anguish, all that desire. She was also the light distraction he needed. In some respects, through a psychological transference, Darling had become his lodger. Gout dreamed on, while imbibing his sulphurous brew.
The default tap beer was lifeless and as usual tainted with sulphur, but it was cheap and Gout had to be very careful with his cash flow. Most of the long-term residents never touched the stuff, preferring to opt for the slightly more expensive and much safer bottled beers. Having just about destroyed all of his taste buds through decades of incessant smoking, Gout could barely detect the sulphurous aftertaste at the best of times, his breath being more caustic; besides, complaining was not his way, so he said nothing about it. Besides, he did not wish to distress Darling. Instead he just imagined doing all manner of things with her, and he imagined the two girls back in his flat. He felt himself coming back to life. His work stress had by now completely evaporated. He was home for the night, and his demeanour began to somewhat brighten.
His frame was withered and his earth toned clothes fusty, faded and threadbare; they hadn't been washed since, well... since whatever happened had happened. The ingrained cigarette smoke had rendered the material like the wrappings of an Egyptian mummy. He looked a bit like a mummified corpse. It was as if he wished to blend into the earth... to disappear into its very bowels. In many ways he was essentially trying to end it all. Gout felt stuck in this cheap prefabricated airport hotel, but to him, nothing much mattered anymore. He was just playing the waiting game and driving his body mercilessly into the ground in the process.
Indeed they were all playing the waiting game, the staff and the long term guests alike - while the overnighters just passed through like a perpetual river of pandemonium, always the same, yet always flowing, a pickn mix assortment and all adding to the background hubbub.
There was the gay Danish swimming coach, just back from a gruelling training session at the Olympic pool and still reeking of chlorine. Gripping a chewed stubbie pencil between his lips, he was piling heaps of grated Parmesan and dollops of stewed-apple over a generous bowl of steaming Hrnli - macaroni pasta with mincemeat - while squinting sideways at a half filled Sudoku in a third-hand freebie copy of the 20 Minutes that he had picked up on a city Strassenbahn. He had the hots for the chef he had seen heartily chopping fruit at the bar and thought he had caught him looking his way.
There was a jet lagged family making their way back to New Jersey from the Far East, all casually dressed in thick baggy cotton tracksuits all in matching colours and slouching like lounge lizards around one of the large oval tables at the back of the dining area. The parents struggled with menial mental arithmetic as they studied and compared menu prices, that was their thing, they probably did it everywhere they went and bought nothing. Meanwhile, the children slurped at coke tins that they had managed to extract from the first floor vending machine without paying as they stared blankly at some sport playing on one of the overhead displays. They were all in limbo, looking forward to their onward leg and looked bored out of their minds. As if they had all been teleported straight from their own living room into the hotel. The whole family seemed to have the same habit of twanging their left or right leg up and down nervously, as if they were all working hard in a sewing machine sweat shop. Bombshell had already weighed them up as not being worth any more than the default effort.
There were a couple of sado-maso bondage buddies from Bristol, over for three nights for the Bathroom Expo, seeking to promote their top of the range stainless-steel heated towel-rails. She was the one with all the curves and figures in her head, he was the middle aged founder of the firm and just there for indulgence. They had booked two rooms, but her bed was still un-slept-in and his towel rail had been well and truly heated. As they sat in aftercare next to the breakfast area partition, her mind kept wandering off into a reverie of latex, hemp, whiplash and leather while sipping at her Earl Grey tea. Throbbing comfortably where he had over-eagerly tightened his leather lashing, her safety-words still echoing round her head... Hot towels, Hot towels, Hot towels. Remaining tight lipped and stock-still, his privates - not quite right after the cock-and-ball torment - twinged under the table, his conscience twinged too, as he read a short message from his dear old mum... Take care son, bring us back some chockies.
There was a geeky looking pickpocket, a penny-ante grifter from Croatia, who had been targeting all the major Expos, working his way through the hotels chains in their catchment areas. Standing by the magazine rack, pretending to be perusing the glossy magazines, he had grabbed himself a well used Cosmopolitan and was flicking through it, back to front, while checking out the remaining group of Japanese tourists, the closed-circuit cameras, the hotel staffs comings and goings, and then the minibus schedule.
The gorgeous Japanese girl that Gout had been feasting his beady-eyes on was now seated behind the swimming coach, with her back to the brick-wall, so no-one could read her notebook screen. She was viewing the results of a port-scan as they scrolled up her display. Scanning all the local area networks for any open doors, for anything that might eventually conjure up what she was after, she too was not quite what she seemed. Meanwhile her butter-wouldn't-melt lips where innocently pouting on a couple of paper straws that sprouted out of a tall alcohol-free chef-doeuvre: an oasis in a glass featuring an eruption of curious fruitage, an incandescent spectrum, indigo in its benthic depths, sapphire in the pelagic zone and gradually paling to a creamy cerulean spume that floated on the surface. The chef had intervened and made it himself, he had rather overindulged, as usual.
Gout was wrecked from the constant self inflicted onslaught of booze, nicotine, undernourishing diet and self imposed sleep deprivation. He had not taken a bite all day. He did not take a proper breakfast, certainly not at this hotel, as he found the pell-mell of frenetic globetrotters far too nerve-jangling as they foraged at the feeders like unruly primates, and anyway, he thought the extra twenty Francs rather excessive for a reheated croissant and a week old birchermuesli. So, his breakfast was practical, and consisted of a ristretto supplemented by a strong cigarette, consumed outside the lobby, while awaiting his comfortable cab and assessing the days weather.
Although he felt no real hunger, Gout knew that he should put something into his grumbling cauldron, something that would not take too much effort, something to swab his innards, to  soak up the bile and stem the rotten reflux. He was musing over Merlots clue as he reluctantly reached for a stale cheese roll from the perspex sandwich-bin an arms length away, with slow, deliberate, almost painful movements. He chose the one he had already been carefully contemplating.
After picking at the wrapper with his long fingernails, and unwinding the sad looking Glad-Wrap, he then carried out his culinary autopsy. He removed the warm wilted rocket, the splayed slice of gherkin and the limp excuse for a tomato, then after rolling the sorry salad into the damp film that had long lost its ability to cling, he pushed the moist bundle to the side.
The forensics now complete, and offensive organs removed, he closed up the remaining pallid bread roll. Examining the improved version closely, he rolled it over in his long thin trembling fingers; having pimped it to his needs and satisfied with skill, he gradually built himself up to the task of consumption, to the task of lifting it up to his thin lips.
Just before taking the first bite he froze, with the soggy cob yet an inch away from his salivating stoma, as he heard his ardent cohort exclaim in mirth... Orifice! He had picked the moment well. Turning back on his stool, Merlot then filled in his missing unches.
Having suddenly lost his momentum, Gout became aware of the need to relieve himself. It meant another painful trundle to the toilets at the other end of the hotel lobby, so he placed the intact roll next to his now headless beer and climbed down off his plywood plinth.
As he left, Merlot watched him go, and reflecting on Gouts sorry footwear, he sipped at his drink and then wrote a few lines on his notepad...
ode to a urinal
we piss in vain to hit the drain,
and splash our rotten sandals.
so now they mark the porcelain,
with footballs, flies and candles.
****
The Technician
technician
noun
a person skilled in mechanical or industrial techniques or in a particular technical field
a person employed in a laboratory, technical college, or scientific establishment to do practical work
a person having specific artistic or mechanical skill, esp. if lacking original flair or genius
Meanwhile, the 20:00 airport shuttle arrived carrying the hotel technician and a tall thin Russian looking woman. She had no luggage; all fur coat and no knickers.
The Technician climbed out behind the woman and walked across the car park with his swanky homey swagger, scanning the veranda for chicks and babes. The woman was definitely not his type, he ignored her completely.
As he lived somewhere en route he usually managed to arrange a pickup. The Technician was obviously too smartly dressed for his position as the hotel handy man; but he left the grubby jobs to the two young apprentices who slaved away in the gardens while he was busy cutting cocaine in room number 6 or helping the girls get their laptops plugged into the WiFi. The Technician looked smarter than the general manager. His position paid quite a bit more too.
Spick and span, tailor cut, he definitely strutted the strut, in his minimalist Japanese style jacket and slacks, all in black, with polished pointed boots, and an air of confidence. He hadnt always been the hotel spanner; he started behind the reception desk, but always jumped at the chance of fiddling with anything that needed attention. So a position was invented for him, overseeing the technicalities of coppicing, pollarding, and pruning; even getting his hands dirty himself in the summer months, particularly if there was an audience of girls out on the patio.
In the colder months he concentrated on the less physical, more technical issues, such as configuring the monitor displaying the shuttle timetable and checking the rooms for problems.
The job was a breeze, and so it gave him a chance to gradually build up his narcotic sidelines, making himself indispensable to both the staff and some of the regular guests, and that was not just at this little hotel. The Technician was the gatekeeper, he controlled the whole network.
Ok, sure he sometimes wore his workman gear and the leather tool belt... he wore it for his favourite guest - Blood Diamond, after she'd call down to have her shower head fixed, fresh towels, soap or some fresh batteries for her remote-control.
The tool belt was all he needed when he serviced her particular requirements... they finished up on their previous encounter doing a line on the window ledge using her platinum hotel favourite guest card and a two hundred Franc note, which became his frosty tip of course. He boasted with pride that his job was "a lot of fixing shit and stuff." He knew Blood Diamond would be back in the house tonight, hence his late appearance and upbeat manner.
Passing by the bar Merlot collared him Hey man, I left a pack of kangaroo scrotums for you behind reception. Cool man. Hey how much do I owe you? Nothing. Crazy bastard. Merlot teased him a little. I think I saw Blood Diamond, she said there was a problem with her nozzle. They laughed and shook hands. The technician had asked Merlot to bring him a couple more kangaroo scrotums on his last trip; he used them for keeping his homegrown weed in. You want to smoke one ? he asked. Yeah maybe, a bit later, Ill eat first.
Slipping out back alone, The Technician rolled himself one, out where the service staff were allowed to smoke; out by the rubbish skip. Staff were forbidden to take a break out front in uniform, but they could after changing into their own clothes. He was not in uniform, but his cigarettes were not from the vending machine either; they were from his own harvest. He had been experimenting on a new hydroponic system using ground up coconut shells. It was going well. His crop looked good and he was very pleased with himself.
Moses
Moses
noun
(Old Testament) the Hebrew prophet who led the Israelites out of Egypt to the Promised Land and gave them divinely revealed laws
As Moses checked the Russian looking woman in at the lobby, he cast a curious grin to Gout as he passed on by, a grin that said it all. After picking up her card-key she sashayed her way straight to the bar, taking a stool at the far end of the long side, right behind the till.
Born and raised in Cairo, Moses was a young chap going through his own trials and tribulations. He had met his Swiss wife whilst working as a tour guide in Egypt, but after only a few years married life in things began to take a turn for the worse.
His now estranged wife lived in Neuchatel; since the breakup shed had a child and the child was not his. As Moses was relatively new to this clockwork land of bureaucracy and regulation, he knew that losing his wife could also mean he stood to loose his residency, and that was in fact the most daunting factor as far as he was concerned: his time was ticking.
Moses hated Egypt, he was desperately wanting to stay put, so buried himself in his job. Working extremely long hours, he was at the hotel right round the clock, catching the odd nap in the tiny back office or in one of the vacated rooms. Despite that, he always tried to look smart and remained surprisingly alert.
A cousin from Syria ran the dry cleaning business at the end of the road opposite the tram stop, which is where he was keeping his gear. He made his own meals in the hotel kitchen when he needed to. Fortunately the hotel manager treated him like a brother. Moses was also one of The Technicians regular customers; speed was his drug, out of necessity rather than habit, and his only vice.
Gout grinned and winked back at Moses as he returned to his perch to devour his frightful bap. He had washed his hands, but his fingernails were as unkempt as hed ever seen them; way too long. Darling had noticed too, but she kept her thoughts to herself. All the bar staff had noticed. They noticed his rank halitosis too, the sour mix of his unhealthy life. Yet they patronised him all the same. He had let himself go for sure, he knew it, but he did like to shock a little. He played that needing to be looked after game; sometimes it paid off, mostly it didnt. The staff were instructed by management to patronise all the long-term guests, especially those with large bar tabs; not that his were especially large - just persistent.
The problem with Gout was certainly not his power of observation, as he never missed a beat. It was quite simply his inability to read people properly; often misreading patronisation for friendliness. That was his issue with Darling.
Finally taking the roll to his orifice he succeeded in biting off a manageable clod of dough. Masticating self-consciously and swallowing down the tasteless congealed mass in a kind of self-gavage, Gouts neck extended slightly and his eyes opened wide with the sheer effort, like that of a goose.
So thin and sinewy was his neck, you could see the mass move down his throat. He was like a preying mantis nourishing itself mechanically on a hapless locust, with no unnecessary movement and total thrift of energy. He took in his surroundings, self-conscious at having to perform this laborious and gruesome bodily function in public. And so, he took half an hour to ingest half the roll, slugging beer to flush each morsel; then with a look of dissatisfaction he surreptitiously wrapped the remainder in a fresh paper napkin, leant down and slid it into the right pocket of his jacket, to cram without embarrassment, in the seclusion of his nidus.
By now the chef had skulked into the bar and stood opposite, but with his back to Gout. He made a coffee to keep himself awake. Well that was his excuse. He glanced in the mirror to see how he looked and furtively check out the clientele, in particular the woman who was still glued to her mobile phone, right behind Gout. He had a proclivity towards orientals. He was having an indulgence with a new starter on the reception desk. Noi; Nit Noi to be exact. She was half Thai half French, about twenty years old and as he explained, her name meant something like Little Small which he found hilarious. It was Nois day off, so he could scout about.
The chefs head was completely bald. His nose had been broken, and he had a scar high on his cheekbone as a result of being mugged somewhere, clobbered for speaking his mind, or just being politically incorrect as per usual.
Quite animated, Steroid was no Deadpan. He wore a smart black uniform and looked more like a ninja than a hotel chef. His outfit was clean and pressed, a service the hotel afforded him of course. The double-breasted buttons were small glossy red-currants and over his shoulder was a clean ironed tea towel, just for the effect. He sipped at his coffee while studiously stirring it at the same time, covertly peering over the rim of the large mug and jealously wondering what Noi would be up to. He caught Merlot in the mirror trying to give him a scolding look, he had cottoned on to his furtive malarky.
Poking out his tongue and flicking it side to side Steroid performed a mock cunnilingus. They both laughed. He turned and gave Merlot a homie-handshake over the bar and said, Hey, I got some really fucking hot chilies man. Merlot replied Talking of really hot... you burnt my bathroom window-ledge dude. Steroid gave a look, as guilty as hell.
Technically banned from consuming alcoholic beverages at the hotel either on or off duty, due to a minor peccadillo with an irritating guest they called Bananaman, Steroid was in the bad books. However, the late night staff never enforced his prohibition, because Bananaman had it coming. He was a wheelchair bound victim of thalidomide, and despite his physical handicap, he was in fact one of the most loathsome and insulting guests on record. Due to his unfortunate situation and his razor sharp mind he had managed to get away with his uncouth manner with most people, but Steroid was not most people. In a drunken stunt, Steroid had tried to cable tie the poor devil to the ceiling. Of course they were both drunk as lords and it was all captured on the cctv. Bananaman was a regular up at the bar, he had a long straw and a kind of concertina mechanism built into his wheelchair that raised him up with a whine like something out of a science-fiction feature; way more relaxed after a skinful, he was accepted as one of the regulars and had pegged out own spot just behind the beer pumps where he too could ogle at whoever was on the froth.
Bombshell had named Steroids nemesis Bananaman as he always managed to squirrel one out of the breakfast fruit bowl, by asking the most attractive and unsuspecting female guest at hand to carefully choose him the firmest looking fruit and then to slide the ripe yellow phallic snack safely up between his leg stumps. Without fail he would then tell them it was For Ron, then clarifying, for later-on grinning to himself. Of course he was playing them all.
Steroid returned to the kitchen with his coffee to stir his bubbling bouillabaisse. He did a lot of stirring. He stayed on good terms with the long-term guests as they bought him drinks after he clocked off in return for bits and pieces of hotel gossip and large portions; a regular double agent. 
Baba Ghannoush
baba ghanoush
noun
a thick pure of aubergines, tahini, olive oil, lemon juice, and garlic, originating in North Africa and the Mediterranean
The hotel manager was an astute Armenian from the Lebanon. A glib ladies man, as fit as a fiddle, and a master of deflection and misdirection. Baba was never around when he was needed, he knew exactly how to avoid work and still get the promotions. Steroids rumour engine had it that he was hung like an overgrown aubergine, so Merlot had christened him Baba, as in Baba Ghannoush the Lebanese Dip.
Baba survived as he knew how to balance the books without the rampant dishonesty shining through. His main role was to allow a certain level of pilfering to prevail, and to keep the machine rolling by oiling the troublesome cogs. And the cogs were well greased. Any spanners in the works were swiftly dispatched; Baba had dismissed Sassys predecessor, as he stole just too much; that is to say, he stole way more than his fare share, and so jeopardising the others. He was a Indian barman. He had been stuffing his socks with loot from day one, but worse, much worse, he tried ripping off the regulars.
The tipping point for Merlot was when he had been charged five Francs for a morning brew, that was traditionally gratis, and he had seen Ffi slip the coin straight in his pocket. It was the morning after Merlot had lent him one hundred Francs for a night out. Of course, he never saw that again, but Baba tried to put things right.
The guillotine dropped for Ffi when the long termers, tired of his sloppy barman-ship and transparent machinations, threatened to raise an official complaint, and had even started drinking elsewhere. The walk-out lasted three nights, profits plummeted, then Baba showed the scoundrel the electric door.
Babas coterie buzzed him like wasps around an ice cream on a sweltering day. He took most of them for his wednesday aerobics fitness classes and had invited half of them to attend his so called private advanced courses. He had some of them on a kind of retainer... an employee with benefits status. There was much back-biting amongst the girls as to who was his favourite, and plenty of punting going under the bar, with Steroid as book-keeper.
The younger trainees fell head over heels with Baba. The receptionist theyd named Facebook had been totally besotted with him; however, ever since she discovered he would soon be taking up a more senior role with another hotel chain back in the Middle East, she just moped around heartbroken - also because he had passed her over for Sultry. Sultry was his new girl of the month and so Gout now owed the boys a round of drinks.
One morning Baba had burst into Gouts room at the crack of dawn with a trainee in tow, one of his friends with benefits; theyd thought the room was already vacant. Looking as surprised as Gout did, they made their rushed excuses and tried the next room. Gout had been clipping his deformed feet on his bed, while squatting in his shabby stained boxers and string vest. The girl lost the urge after imagining the sheer repulsion of having rampant egg plant sex amongst Gouts festering toe nail clippings. She went back to her duties. So Baba, who was still in a desperate state, went scouting for Sultry. He was insatiable.
Femme Fatale
femme fatale (French)(fam fatal; English)
noun
an alluring or seductive woman, esp. one who causes men to love her to their own distress
Right across the bar from Gout sat the tall thin Russian woman. She was looking at him, or so he perceived... she was just watching him. He told Merlot it was time. Merlot just answered one word... "smoko?"
Easing off the tacky plywood barstool onto his sore feet, Gout then moved like a cold chameleon across the sterile lobby and out through the automatic doors, a few paces past the vending machines to the place where he usually stood for his post prandial cigarette. The tiled floor felt like sharp coral underfoot, every step was an effort as his deformed feet screamed and stabbed with pain. The walks outside to smoke, or to meet his taxi were his only exercise. For his morning taxi he need only walk a few steps further.
Gout could have taken the bus or tram to get to his office, it would have been only one hundred meters further to hobble to the stop, but for him that was way too far. He had only ventured into town one time with Merlot and a few other regulars, it was an evening that he would never forget; but an evening that crippled him for a week. He could have been in any city in the world for all he knew. His world away from home consisted of the airport, the hotel bar, the lift, the taxi and his cubicle at work, that was all, that was now his life.
As he passed Facebook she was updating her wall or tweeting some inane clap-trap as usual; she gave him an on the job smile and said "Hey." His guilty conscience imagined she was scrutinising his overdue bill. He gave a forced smile back, but just a bit more real than hers. In that imbalance lay a lot, perhaps everything. His skin was as thick as hide and he knew his bill paid more than her salary, he knew he had some money coming in, eventually.
She saw him as she saw all the guests, as inhuman, she despised him, she despised them all. The only thing she wanted was Baba Ghannoush, and she was two months late with her period. Only Bombshell knew, she had caught her throwing up in the ladies toilets one morning.
Outside, Gout lit one up; checked his own sad social networking accounts from his phone to see if there was any word from Amsterdam. Out there his mind slipped beyond the realm of the bar, beyond the realm of the hotel. No one knows what he was thinking out there. Out there he no longer existed.
Perhaps he was reminiscing about what had just happened, whatever it was that happened, before the advent of his sorry existence; the cause of his physical decline. Only Merlot knew some of the sorrowful events, it was something about a woman he had fallen in love with and then subsequently lost to leukaemia. It all happened in a blinding flash. Gout never recovered. Nothing more was ever mentioned or asked.
Back at the bar his beer glass was at three quarters full. The sandwich wrapper and crumbs had been dispatched. Merlot had had his jug of cheap plonk replenished and he was having a quiet tte--tte with Bombshell.
Gouts beer, and Merlots wine would be automatically topped up until it was time to crawl off and grab a few hours unavoidable sleep, some time before the crack; before they did what they did to support their existence. Merlot and Gout did not speak much of their professional worlds within the confines of the hotel and rarely at the bar. No details please, no details was the phrase.
Merlot had just about finished his crossword and devoured all of Gouts crisps while he was gone... as usual. Nevertheless the bowl would be replenished at some point. Gout never ate them anyway. It was ritual however to make the remark, "You stole my crisps," pathetic ritual was all they had left.
Fiddling with his phone again, and fingers all of a dither, Merlot wondered how Gout could actually use the diminutive keyboard. He checked his Facebook account hourly, it was his umbilical link back to his world in Amsterdam, as if to confirm he were still a part of it, if he were still alive. Only this time he was actually checking on Darlings account, spying on her, trying to pick up any information he could. Did she have a boyfriend? What did she get up to in her spare time? Did she mention him? He was obsessed. A Svengali, a control freak, given half a chance, a pervert for sure.
Across the bar from Gout the woman was still watching him. He pointed her out to Merlot with a subtle facial gesture and classic expression, which said it all. Merlot took a gulp of wine, stole a glance, then just answered in his usual derogative manner, "Dodgy Slapper," then added... Body odour and a creeper - what a cow! Six letters.
Unbeknown to the woman, the two middle aged men at the other end of the bar had not been eyeing her up, but had been glued to the over sized monitor that was stuck on the wall above and behind her, as it replayed the devastation of a flood in some far away, tropical location.
That television panel usually ran a faux news channel, unless of course a football match was playing somewhere that was deemed more important by consensus; it would then take priority by the pressure of the lowest common denominator. It was a microcosm of pseudo democracy.
For the long-termers, it was an occasional window of distraction. A portal to the untouchable world beyond the hotel. A reminder that there was indeed something still out there, a purgatorial world of horror, a world out of its raving mind.
Few seemed interested in the imagery, as hundreds of peoples lives were swept away like worthless wreckage. The observers had all long since been numbed to any such brutality by a persistent inculcation of crass infotainment soothed by piped lift music, soft incandescent lighting, alcohol on drip feed and the background hum of a hundred banal conversations.
There were two oversized television panels, at opposing ends of the bar area. One silently reflected the breaking news while the other in bizarre contrast normally played a music channel. A buxom bimbo was frantically bouncing her Botox packed butt cheeks to the reverberation of some unheard djembe jamboree. They got more votes than the drowning souls.
At least it was inspiration for Merlot to pen another ode in his notebook...
ode to television
with slackened jaw and spine a'slump,
eyes glazed over, image drunk.
own think-box void by garbage sump,
soaking up that media junk.
remote by paw and shrine a'sunk,
a'spin and lost in bunk.
own mind destroyed and gut-a-lump,
ensconced, bewitched by funk.
hurl it on the rubbish dump,
that, mindless, numbness, sewage pump.
****
The background rabble were busy chatting out loud to their friends, relatives and lovers through their laptops and mobiles with the self-consciousness of house bricks. It looked more like a web caf at that time of night. A voluptuous Spanish woman in her mid forties, dressed in a country and western outfit with a frilly blouse more suited for a barn dance argued out loud to her partner back home, wherever that was, while her lover sat opposite her, hair slicked back, also in cowboy gear. All manner of languages intermingled into a background tinnitus.
The Internet brigade rarely drank or ate, but they came down briefly for the free Wi-Fi. The odd one would push the boat out, order a Cola and make it last. They would soon slope off to their rooms. Theyd all be gone tomorrow, replaced by another tide, in essence the same, just different faces.
The Russian looking woman tried her obviously well practiced man-trap manoeuvre; to catch a glance, smile sweetly, look away for a while, then repeat. She thought she had caught Gouts eye and a possible reaction, so it was now time for the next stage of her pathetic pantomime; namely to wander round and ask if she could join whoever he was for a drink or perhaps a smoke outside. She made her way around the bar, accidentally kicking the leg of the stool next to her, it made an annoying grating sound on the floor, like nails on a blackboard. She now had the bars attention. The two punters moved apart and made space for her, quite reluctantly as it necessitated them moving slightly aside from their usual bar-real-estate, their comfort zone, their places in this world. On closer inspection they saw she was quite worse for wear, reasonably well dressed, with a feint odour of sweet and sickly perfume mixed with the staleness of a dank ashtray. Her skin was grey, like Gouts - that of a heavy smoker's. Her manner was overtly friendly, and covertly touchy-feely. Obviously looking for companionship or business.
She marked out her counter top incursion between Gout and Merlot with a cheap mobile phone atop a pack of extra thin foreign looking cigarettes. Then she carefully placed an expensive looking lighter upright on the glass surface aside the pack, like a chess piece, as an opening gambit. The old gold was very scratched and worn; probably picked up somewhere, perhaps a gift, an heirloom, or just left behind by a drunken fool. Merlot was chewing on a toothpick in the side of his mouth, he remained silent, but gave it a twist with his tongue, smiled, and looked at Gout who seemed to already be feeling the beer; his eyes were all over her.
Thin like her cigarettes, this femme fatale was like Gout in female form. Something about a boyfriend, something about a tiff, a flight to Moscow, a drive, who knows, they didnt register her name, it was most likely made up anyway. Scandinavian parents one minute, Scottish parents the next; she said whatever she thought of at the time. Incoherent, inconsistent and slurred. She was six foot something and a half, straw blond and she too had Gouts quiet husky voice, grey sad eyes, perhaps his own Grim Reaper manifest in female form. Somewhat affected, the accent seemed perhaps forced. She too was dressed in earthly tones. Her face looked quite sad close-up ashen. An angel of death. She was there for just the one night before returning somewhere; she told the two men she would be flying out to Moscow in the morning. She lied again. After all she was half Russian and this was an airport hotel, it was plausible. She had chosen it as it was cheap and had a bar where she could possibly get some distraction.
Outside Gout smoked another one; again, beyond the realm of the bar, beyond the realm of the hotel. No one knows what he was thinking out there. Out there he still did not exist;
Inside the strip lighting above the bar automatically switched hue as it marked the passage of time as regularly as the airport shuttle; the warm red gave way to incandescent green, giving the woman's skin an even more unhealthy lizard like tinge and it gave the bar a sudden clinical feel; the kind of ambiance a public toilet has, where fluorescent lighting is employed to prevent drug addicts from locating their veins. Merlot sighed. Femme Fatale hadnt noticed the switch, but as if it were her cue, she slithered closer and hissed in his ear: "Will you come up with me tonight?
Merlot was very pleased that his first analysis had proven correct; his powers of observation had not let him down. He removed the now frayed toothpick and politely declined the offer by showing her his left hand discretely, below the bar, with a disarming smile, the hand with his wedding ring. Though he knew that no matter what his circumstance was he would not have gone with her. She repulsed him; however, it was a polite and diplomatic answer designed to cut her short, and it seemed to have worked.
She asked him that he not think too badly of her, whilst looking down pathetically at her hands on her lap. He did not reply. Clasping together her few things, and noticing that there was only one thin cigarette left in her pack, she asked Darling for a vending machine jeton, then struggled to walk outside in her high heels across the tiled floor. For her, it felt like ice underfoot.
Outside she took out her last thin smoke and Gout lit her up. Out there they were both beyond the realm of the bar, and she posed the same question to Gout.
Spitfire
spitfire
noun
a person given to outbursts of spiteful temper and anger
(cap.) a single-engined British fighter plane used in World War II
Meanwhile, the 20:30 airport shuttle arrived with a gorgeous Jamaican woman, fashionably dressed, hair dangling in a colourful and exotic mix of beads and long cork screw ringlets, she had an intelligent bubbly air about her. Talking to her was a stocky, well built chap with a bulging suitcase and the gift of the gab. His case was clammed shut with a multicoloured strap.
As the Jamaican checked in, the chap behind her routed through his suitcase for his credit cards. His life almost spilled out the bag as he located what he was after; namely, the cards that were not yet up to the hilt. He was sweating profusely from the stress of it all. After a long stint between contracts, he had been robbing Peter to pay Paul, but took it all in his stride; it was all just a game.
Moses greeted him with a hand shake and some casual words, Welcome back Sir... I have reserved the Spitfire Suite for you. Cork Screw was quietly impressed. There was no Spitfire Suite, as there was no Merlot Suite, or Gout Suite - it was an old joke. The regulars were superstitious and always insisted on their preferred room numbers.
In Spits case he had meant his usual room, room number 5 over in the quiet wing, the regulars annex. Superficially the room was almost identical to all the rest on that corridor, except that odd numbered rooms were mirror images of even numbered rooms. However, they were far from identical, each regular knew every mark, every gash or dent, they knew which doors squeaked, which showers dripped, and which toilets did not flush well. Each room had its own specific peculiarities, and each of the regular guests had become accustomed to his own set of them.
Spitfire was a long termer too, but went away for odd week-ends to visit his children and the ex-girlfriend. Hed been named Spitfire partly due to his work which involved jet engines, but mainly for his reputation in the dubious arts. No questions had been asked, and despite the oft-spoken refrain, No details please, Spitfire took every opportunity to entertain his bar buddies with the details of his disreputable exploits. Spits stories became legend, and the legend became Spitfire.
Half cut from the G&Ts he had already sunk on the flight over, Spitfire hollered across from the lobby to the bar Darling! A gin and tonic please love... and make it a large, and don't bloody drown it! As he looked back at Cork Screw he added Make that two, two large ones please love! Darling jumped to it. Spits nightly bar bill was normally about two or three times his room rate. He wandered over leaving his luggage in the middle of the lobby floor. Youll never believe this... I sat next to Mustard Girl on the plane. His grin said it all. Ill have a quick one, then shower and change... its been a hell of a trip.
While waiting for him to join the bar, Merlot wrote an ode...
ode to a gin and tonic
emerald green,
crystal glassed,
wax sealed,
screw top trashed,
cubes clinked,
elixir splashed,
ice split,
bitters dashed,
lime skinned,
lemon grassed,
quinine in,
citric slashed,
sapphire blue,
kafir bashed,
sparkling fizz,
light flashed,
frosted dew,
gin smashed.
****
Spitfire introduced Cork Screw to the others as she came over for her drink. He sculled his large one as if it was a shot glass, then disappeared off for half an hour to freshen up, leaving Cork Screw with Merlot who had moved away from Gouts spot towards the apex of the bar, giving him some privacy with Femme Fatale. Corkscrew stayed as long as her drink lasted then skirted upstairs to freshen up her ringlets.
Back inside and some time later Femme Fatale was perched back up on her stool with Gouts right arm discreetly parked part way up her dress. Quite satisfied with his sinister dexterity, he slurred over to Merlot with a sardonic smile, "She's alfresco.
No details dude, No details. Merlot imagined Gouts spider-like fingers and grimy fingernails. He grimaced and poured another wine from the jug, then turned and watched Darling cleaning out the coffee-machine in her precise manner, almost with the veneration and respect used for a Japanese tea ceremony. Merlot thought it odd for Gout to act in such a way, especially in front of Darling. It occurred to him that she may well have spiked his drink.
With no one to deal with, no politics, just a set of well defined mechanical actions to memorise and step through, Darling really enjoyed cleaning that machine; it took her away from there. In the mirror behind the machine she suddenly caught Merlot following her movements and smiled. She could just about see Gout somehow occupied with the very strange old lady with the bad skin. She thought he must be quite drunk, but was actually in some way relieved that he had turned his attention to someone else, no matter who that person was.
Merlot muttered one word under his breath, "Gross. Bombshell pulled an expression out of her repertoire that said it all and then jutted her chin at Gout in that typically Bolivian manner of covertly pointing something out without moving the hands; after looking back at Merlot she rolled her eyes to the ceiling and refreshed his wine glass.
After one more bland beer and glass of sweet and sickly prosecco, Gout and Femme Fatale slunk off for a final coffin nail, then on to a room... her room or his room, who knows, who cared.
Merlot asked for his steak tartare... as hot as hell and surreptitiously scrutinised another clue... We hear expert drinks milk for a preventative (12). He filled it in and muttered under his breath I hope hes got one, the plonker. 
Blood Diamond
blood diamond
noun
A blood diamond (also called a conflict diamond, converted diamond, hot diamond, or war diamond) is a diamond mined in a war zone and sold to finance an insurgency, invading army's war efforts, or a warlords's activity. These terms are particularly used in the context of diamond trading to indicate the negative effects of their sale.
The 21:30 airport shuttle arrived with one woman carrying a laptop, a larger bulky shoulder bag and yelling into a mobile phone while ordering the driver to carry her suitcase inside. As she walked into the lobby Spitfire had just come back from his shower all scrubbed up and ready for action, enveloped within a spicy cloud - his latest duty-free purchase. Spitfire always spruced himself up well in expensive shirts and handmade shoes. They performed the local tradition of three kisses on the cheeks before Spitfire rejoined Merlot And Cork Screw at the apex of the bar.
Blood Diamond, or BD as she was more affectionately known, was a French-Canadian from Montreal. Mid fifties, a strong willed, dark haired, self confident twenty-four carat cougar. Five foot five, and an explosive force to be reckoned with. A dealer in cut and uncut precious stones of dubious provenance, she had just arrived from some war zone in central Africa - another world, her world, a tough world, some might say a mans world. She occasionally had her body guard in tow, a hard man from Dunning, a ginger haired bear of a man, so they called him Dunin.
Legend had it that Dunin once walked into one of the toughest bars in one of Glasgows ominous housing schemes looking for some retribution after one of his clan lost an eye in a wee spot of bother there. After busting in and demanding Which wan oyou claggy arsed bastards is the hard man ahve been hearin aboot? They all stared at him. Only one man stood up. Then Dunin followed up with "Cuz ye'd better run back tae yer hoor of a maw afore I gie ye aw a doin'. Come an have a go if ye think yer hard enough... 'mon ya fucker! Then he fed him into the side of the juke box, before taking a drink at the bar.
Dunin kept a stash of his own Scotch behind the hotel bar, a rare Perthshire drop called Edradour. Always marking the level by inverting the bottle and nicking the label, at least on the occasions that the bottle wasn't completely drained and tossed away as it so often was. No-one touched his malt unless invited.
Spitfire and Merlot were disappointed he hadnt yet shown up, as it would always end up being one hell of a night. The Technician was rather relieved though, he didnt want to have a weed purse made out of his own scrotum sack.
Dunins absence could have implied that BD was not carrying the usual bag of raw stones, large wads of cash or cut diamonds. But perhaps she was. There were no safe boxes in the rooms as they afforded no real security - BD occasionally used the hotel safe behind the reception desk. Anyway, no one who knew of Dunin dared touch her junk, except perhaps The Technician, and he knew he was skating on very thin ice.
Underhand and shady deals were commonplace at this shabby little hotel. The immediate benefit being the total lack of profile the guests had. The closed circuit cameras were exactly that; namely, closed circuit and most of the time they were not even in operation. Regulars could avoid the usual passport control and tight bureaucracy demanded everywhere else. Kickbacks and bribes were routine and room payment in cash was not questioned. If you needed real security, you just brought your own.
The hotel was a bazaar for black-market traders, slave traders, sex workers, drug dealers and money launderers, and the philosophy was always the same No details please. From the exterior it looked as innocuous as a cake shop. Everyone benefitted, even the police who occasionally oozed out of the woodwork when they wanted their pound of flesh.
The reception staff afforded Blood Diamond all the respect she deserved, she took no shit and she was their longest serving regular, always complaining about the prices and threatening to take her custom elsewhere, she never did. As she entered the bar she also greeted Merlot with a hug and the same three kisses on both cheeks then ordered her usual, the lasagne. She ate at a table away from the bar where she would tap away on her laptop till the small hours, whilst sipping on chardonnay and answering calls from both her mobile and occasionally from the phone in the lobby. She was thinking about her next commission and she was thinking about her Technician.
Blood Diamond was voracious, she needed a line and she needed some action, but first came family. She called up her son in Canada, Bonjour mon petit chou, a loving mum one minute, next came a business call in English to some heart of darkness, I dont give a shit what time it is. Wheres my mother-fucking money you son of a bitch!" her strong French accented whiskey voice could be heard growling into the mouthpiece. Music to Merlots ears. A maelstrom of a woman. He thought she was the dogs bollox.
The Vernacular
the vernacular
noun
the commonly spoken language or dialect of a people or place
a local style of architecture, in which ordinary houses are built
adjective
relating to, using, or in the vernacular
designating or relating to the common name of an animal or plant
built in the local style of ordinary houses, rather than a grand architectural style
Merlot filled Spitfire in on Gouts whereabouts, as it was quite odd not seeing him sitting there, bolt upright, on his usual perch. Sassy casually waddled over, leaned back with one hand on her hip, the other rubbing her little bulge, and waited for the expected order: a couple more G&Ts and Spitfire ordered himself a steak. All the regulars ate at the bar, it had become their custom.
Merlot and Spitfire then started to recount, and act out, the last time theyd all had a drink together at a rather dubious Kreis-4 bar. As garrulous as ever, Spitfire was now emulating Dunin, just as he had been that night in the bar, animatedly chatting to a pretty oriental girl, totally unconcerned as to her vocation; he was in fact employing Cork Screw for the part of the hooker, telling her how Fair fa your honest, sonsie face... and playing with her hair. Cork-Screw was giggling just as the girl had then, and similarly not having understood a single word of the Scottish vernacular. For all she knew he could well have been reciting Burns Address to a Haggis; and indeed he was.
Merlot then cut in mimicking the bolshy bouncer who had interceded and ordered the girl to circulate, as there had been obviously no other business in the offing, and because the girl had already finished her third lady-drink, the cheapest on the menu. On seeing Dunin annoyed, his voice had shifted up just one octave. The bear had only managed to get as far as Then, horn for horn, they stretch an strive, dragging out the horns beyond belief in his gruffest rhotic Lallans. 
Spit then retorted in his role as Dunin, playing the not entirely pleased Highlander baulking at the interloper's impudence - and he was doing a great job in his Mancunian Glaswegian.
Picking up the narrative, Merlot explained that the three of them had then left, and crossed the road to check out the new zinc-topped street-side cocktail bar opposite. He and Spit had both been ordering drinks and bar snacks, and had assumed the disappearing Dunin had just nipped off to the gents, but he had in fact slipped back over the road, walking straight into the previous bar to confront the bouncer in the doorway.
Spit then wove back in this own thread performing Dunin in action, spoofing an air head-butt, knocking the invisible bouncer out cold with a Scottish-kiss and then muttering a string of indiscernible pejoratives under his breath as he turned to leave, including the final line Gie her a Haggis!
Merlot added the subtle points that, ever the perfect old fashioned gentlemen, Dunin had made sure he was neither in eyesight nor earshot of the young ladies at the bar, of course not wishing to upset their sensitive natures. Also that there was no chance of Polezei involvement, as they never really operated in that particular street, even during the May Day riots. The short fat barrel of a man who owned that particular bar was the head of the underworld mafia in that district, preferred to employ his own so called Polizists, pocket fascists in mock police outfits who rather amateurishly laid the down the law with baseball bats and looked more like Village People than hard nuts - a member of their band was now slumbering deeply in deep in cloud cuckoo land.
Spit then completed the puerile pantomime with a spot-on rendition of the famous Dunin walk, crossing back over the road, as if he had indeed just been for a pee, and asked for his vodka Red-Bull.
Then finally laughing, and in unison: Aye well, he was nae too polite tae the wee little lass.
Siddhartha
Siddhartha
noun
the personal name of the Buddha
The Chinese man who had arrived at the hotel carrying the paper bag, was now seated by Merlot, and keenly watching Darling run her machine through its rinse cycle. Having taken a shuttle trip, as so many of the longer term guests often did, he had just been to the airport supermarket to pick up some bare essentials and check on his interests. He also kept a small luggage locker there, and needed to feed the meter its five Franc coin each day. It was far more secure than his hotel room, and anyway it gave him the chance to get in a bit of window shopping. He just loved window shopping.
Being somehow related to a powerful oligarchy with various gas and oil interests in China, his own close family had seen only a trickle of their ancestors enormous wealth; however, it still amounted to hundreds of millions of dollars that was now either stashed in various Swiss bank accounts or invested in property schemes in Sydney. Although more of an oligarchic offshoot than direct dynastic offspring, fortune had still smiled upon him, and the man he called his uncle had favoured his mother very well. Finally old enough to cash in on some of his claim, he was now discovering that it was not so straight forward a task to prise open the tight fists that had been holding it for him.
He looked more like a refugee than the tycoon that he was. His clothes were a little worn round the edges; but he was still only thirty and as fit as a fiddle. His disguise comprised of two flannelette shirts, one on top of the other, worn over a T-shirt. Although it was quite warm inside, he still wore a purple wooly sports jacket at the bar, it was a few sizes too large for him, something he may have picked up in a flea-market. Carrying all his paperwork with him wherever he went, all in his crumpled shopping bag, he was also playing the low profile game.
Conscious of his weight and fitness, Siddhartha drank only beer; small, light beers, and very slowly. He was a Buddhist, quiet, unassuming and mindful, but in some ways he was still struggling with himself, as his thoughts were focused intently on three things only: swimming, finding a new wife and increasing his already burgeoning wealth. All stress comes from clinging, so the Gautama taught - well he clung to all three with the intensity of a man possessed.
Having flown to Zrich to finalise his massive inheritance, a figure with eight zeroes... before the decimal place. He filled in any spare time at the nearby Olympic pool clocking hundreds of laps each day. Lap upon lap of anxious thoughts about his inheritance, of what he would do with it all, what he would invest in, about what he would buy, and about the woman he would marry, whoever she might be.
The whole process was taking longer than he thought, it was not his first visit, he still had burning hoops to jump through but at last he had the cash mountain in his sights. Keeping Australian time, as home for him was Sydney, he refused to switch to local time. The only flamboyant possession he visibly wore was an oversized ostentatious gold watch that remained nine hours ahead, a rare timepiece that had already set him back the price of a top of the range Mercedes, but against his shabby clothing it looked fake and out of place. Siddhartha was unbalanced, misguided and artless. He normally slept in the afternoon after his marathon swim, and did all his work in the early hours of the morning, his telephone calls, business meetings, legal wrangling and letter writing. Being more crepuscular than nocturnal, he was seldom seen in the bar late at night. However, this evening a combination of appetite, anxiety, and perhaps the full moon, had kept him from sleep.
He had decided to eat something at the bar; either a croque-monsieur or reheated lasagne. Perhaps he was also on the lookout for the woman to share his good fortune. He had certainly taken an instant liking to the Chinese barmaid when he arrived at the hotel, and had been trying to work his charms on her, but business matters always came first. It was actually far more than a liking, but his reserved nature held him back. Besides, he had been beaten to it by the old English pervert who seemed to squat at the bar, continuously plaguing her with his meaningless questions and creepy sycophantic manner.
Dolce Vita
dolce vita
noun
a life of luxury
In order not to have to see Femme Fatale cavorting with the depraved and deprived Gout, Merlot had shunted a few stools down the bar, Siddhartha now sat to his left. They started chatting about swimming styles as Bombshell prepared their places for eating. Cork Screw and Spitfire seated to Merlots right side were getting along like a house on fire.
On his best behaviour, Spitfire started to give his quiet consort a rather knowledgeable rundown of the more cultured highlights of the city centre, but he was soon distracted by the urge to jump on a make-believe tram. So he whisked her off on a virtual Strassenbahn tour from Tiefenbrunnen up through all the assorted multicultural bars and restaurants along Seefeldstrasse, stopping here and there along the way, for a Greek mezze, some select malt whiskeys, a snort on a shisha, a quick teppanyaki grill washed down with hot sake, and then a vegetarian slap up at Tibits. However, before she could swallow her mouthful of chick pea samosa or feel the health benefits of her organic beetroot, hibiscus and celery punch, or even get a taste of the spelt wheat and chocolate brioche, he had already whisked her off again. With his vivid descriptions of gin pissing cherubs, rare avant-garde six spigoted absinthe fountains and solid silver ice buckets, he gradually hauled her bar by bar to the Caf Odon at Bellevue to check out the evenings rather colourful clientele and scull a couple of fluorescent champagne Aperol-Spritzes with ice, a slice and a dash.
After describing the ambiance of everything from the downstairs loos to the adjoining apothecary, Spitfire then felt the urge for a few more stiff drinks and to up the ante. So he swallowed his wedge of blood orange, along with hers, paid the barman and then dragged her up and down various back alleys to the more salacious nightclubs and zinc topped bars down at the sticky end of the Niederdorf, then finally nipped her back up the Limmatquai. After a quick tour of the erotic shop, they ended up in the Caf Grand Canale for a top notch premium gin cocktail decorated with fresh mint, lime kafir and a swirl of mango peel, served by ethnic looking Nepalese girl in ankle length sheepskin boots and multicoloured leggings.
No respite was to be had there though, no pavement psychology, no basking in the sun, no watching the tourists mosey-on past; instead he quickly found himself dashing her over the narrow wooden footbridge opposite, stopping only momentarily to check and remark on the clarity of the Glass klar waters of the flowing Limmat, then making a swift chicane down through the underground of the Hauptbahnhof, and skirting across to the more colourful district known as Kreis-4. He was now getting breathless and excited, leading her with his elaborate and prosaic descriptions as if by the hand.
Cork Screw was almost dizzy. Before long Spit had her tripping over her high heels and laddering her tights up the seedy cobbled back streets of the more Bohemian side of town; past hooded figures squatting on grimy cardboard mats, begging for kleiner Mnzen with styrofoam cups and fingerless-mittened hands, while pot-bellied mongrels swaddled in moth-eaten ex-army blankets curled up asleep by their sides.
Finally on to the subject of karaoke bars, strip joints and brothels, Spitfire was finally in his element, hed now pulled her into a lesser known low-end nightclub that apparently offered the very best authentically prepared Thai food in town.
Spit had them both seated at the large round Stammtisch drinking more bubbly-stuff, and simultaneously tucking into seethingly hot appetisers while gawking at an equally hot dazzling Signorita doing a turn. Except for her knee length stiletto heeled boots and long black leather gloves, she danced butt naked upon their table top, somewhere in the gap between their bowl of tom yam gung, the papaya salad and the tooth pick pot.
As a tone deaf chanteuse with a live backing band from Manilla crooned cover versions resurrected and regurgitated from the eighties, the exotic dancer gyrated her ample hips and wafted her arms at the bluebottles that had buzzed in from the festering bins in the back alley.
As usual Spitfire just went a step too far, he had already left the steamy show-girl to add another flurry of stiletto pock marks to the mahogany top and nipped off to a seedier haunt round the corner to a haunt they called HQ, it sounded like the lowest of dives, but somehow Spits description made it shine.
However Cork Screws interest was dampened by the description of an emphysemic, medallion chested octogenarian gigolo who had just wheeled his squeaking Zimmer-frame into the narrative and out onto the dance floor for a breathless spin with a meagrely mantled nubile nymph. The place was a downright delicatessen, where each aisle, and compartment provided its depraved customers with whatever their leaning or bent; the old kyphotic crone, well bent himself, with no time to waste, had collared the most attractive delicacy from the seraglio of young working girls huddled over in the sugar-daddy selection.
He was as regular as Spitfire, and was determined to go out with a bang and a laugh in preference to rattling out his death wheeze all alone, sunken in his squalid bedsit with his teeth in a jam jar and his toupee over the lampshade.
Reality returned, just before Spit could drag everyone up the street and delve into the Dolce Vita, as Darling offered up the lasagne Siddhartha had ordered, plonking it down on the bar in front of him; no Bon-Appetite, no wonder it was burnt to a cinder and dry as a chip. He had thought it a little overdone at the edges but was about to bend a fork into it somehow. He really did not mind, he was simply glad of the chance to be closer to Darling. Spitfires reminiscences ended abruptly as they all stared blankly at the charred offering. Advising him not to touch it, Merlot called Bombshell over, he just pointed at it with a head gesture, a sideways grimace. The dish was whisked away and apologies profusely given along with a fresh beer for the inconvenience of having to wait for a replacement meal.
Merlot wondered what kind of expectations he had envisaged, as he was about to tuck straight into the carbonised moonscape. Perhaps he had been superstitiously not wanting bite the hand that fed him, or more likely, he was simply just ravenous after ploughing through hundreds of gruelling laps at the pool earlier that day. He thanked Merlot all the same, offering to buy him a drink. Merlot politely declined. Siddhartha was either naive or astute, it wasn't obvious if the naivety was played up to advantage and the astuteness played down, or vice versa.
Steroid
steroid
noun
(biochemistry) any of a large group of fat-soluble organic compounds containing a characteristic chemical ring system. The majority, including the sterols, bile acids, many hormones, and the D vitamins, have important physiological action
Steroid had Klinefelter Syndrome. An extra X chromosome to a normal male karyotype. A misogynist with hypogonadism. He was really a half decent cook, but his heart was just not in it. He started chopping chilies for Merlots steak tartare, Bhut Jolokia, the hottest chilli peppers he could get his hands on. Merlot had wanted it hotter each time and it had become a bit of a challenge.
Steroid wore disposable gloves, as he didn't want the stuff on his fingers and then his cock, like last time. He was eyeing Sassy through the kitchen door as she drifted back and forth carrying his plates of fodder to the check-in-check-out brigade. Steroid noticed that her regulation super-stretch trousers were looking great, and that her arse had improved so much with the onset of her pregnancy. He could not resist the urge to tell her with a firm slap on the backside to boot. She slapped him back softly on the shoulder and grinned, glad of the compliment. His arm throbbed where he had had his monthly testosterone shot to keep him hard over male. Sassy and Steroid had a great relationship, but only as that of brother and sister. They fooled around all the time making fun at each others expense.
So he was angry at the world today. He was always angry right after his man shot. And so it was roid rage in the kitchen again. His bellowing voice could be heard all the way to the bar, cursing his poor kitchen underlings with his usual string of abuse on top note: Schwachkopf, Dumme Idiot, Bldman, Fauler Sack and of course, his favourite Du Plongeur. It all provided some level of entertainment.
In the meantime Merlot suddenly realised what the answer was to a cryptic clue he had passed over, a double definition of sorts, but the word had evaded him... Jaques Cousteau is in the sink (8).
Steroid swigged his cola-beer mix and stared out of the window at the cypresses at the back of the hotel, they had been trimmed by The Technicians lads into giant spliffs. He smiled and thought he would go and cadge one off him and cool off outside.
On the job drinking may have been forbidden, but coffee with kitchen brandy looked like coffee, and beer with cola looked like cola. It kept him from shaking too much. As a result of his chromosomal issue, Steroid was told that he could not procreate, but he could damn well ruminate, and that he did to extreme.
Having left him high and dry with all the bills and a deflated ego, Steroids previous girlfriend had run off with someone who could do the deed and sow the seed; a real bash to his self esteem. That is all she had wanted - kids. He loved kids too, but could never have his own.  He felt insufficient. And now, working all the hours he could, juggling two jobs to pay off the mounting debts, his life was in a total mess. It was a life of chopping and cogitation in what seemed to be an endless loop, and it never paid enough to make a visible dent in his ever increasing debt mountain.
They were all in endless loops, the staff and the guests alike. Some small loops, some big loops, some intertwined loops. Steroids other job paid slightly more than the hotel paid him, but was even less creative; working at a site near the airport, assembling this or that airline's gourmet catering. Not even the whole meal, this month it was just the starter in the top left corner of the tray. A leaf of iceberg lettuce, a scoop of potato salad, a roll of salmon, a gherkin and a couple of capers. A conveyor belt, one thousand dollops accompanied by ten thousand procrastinations.
Making simple meals at the hotel was not much better, but at least he could drink on the job, skulk about, and have his way with the girls. He had been temporarily demoted from head chef, as hed had a run in with the previous F&B manager. Drunk on the job she said. Steroid replied that he had to drink to steady his hands, but it was not the alcohol which caused his hands to shake, it was more likely caused by his other cocktail. She didnt last long; he was reinstated.
A bipolar manic-depressive, with paranoia and psychosis, Steroid had been on various medicinal cocktails for some years. His psychiatrist, a professor at the citys reputable ETH University, had finally managed to settle him on a novel combination that seemed to do the trick - for now at least. He felt a high coming on tonight, so he thought perhaps he should up his risperidone. Apart from his monthly testosterone shots, each day he popped 1200mg lithium, 450mg quetiapine, 1 or 2mg risperidone, and 300mg modafinil. He could beef up the risperidone if he felt a manic high coming on, he could beef up the quetiapine dose if he felt a thick black bastard of a cloud forming like the blooming of a cumulonimbus above his head. The lithium kept everything under tabs and the modafinil kept him sharp, well it kept him from slouching on the couch at least. Steroid felt pretty sharp tonight, he felt like exploding.
Merlots huge portion of tartare arrived. A veritable volcano of ground beef, chilli and the chefs own secret ingredients. It was delivered by Bombshell and placed on the paper placemat that she had already methodically laid out with the bread-basket, salt and pepper mill and the cutlery in its neat little envelope also containing the serviette. The placemat advertised fondu, to Merlots disgust, as he could smell the awful coagulate being served up somewhere in the background to be communally forked at by a mob of unsuspecting tourists eager to share their oral ecology.
The massive portion was another way Steroid got his after-work drinks subsidised, under the principle of what goes around comes around. The theory was lost on Gout of course as he ate like a pigeon, and getting a drink out of him was like trying to get blood from a stone; he wouldnt give anyone even the dirt from under his fingernails. Both Merlot and Spitfire thought the deal was absolutely perfect.
Sassy brought out Spits massive slab of meat, it filled his plate. Some guests picked up their menus and started looking through the Rind section trying to find the monster special. It was not on the menu. Sassy joked that Steroid had slaughtered Vladimir outside. Spitfire replied, Yep looks like he just ripped his horns off and wiped his arse. Merlot corrected him You mean wiped her bottom. Have some respect dude. Vlads a girl.
Bombshell was the only staff to serve Merlot. All the others had somehow become used to that. Hed rather sit and decline service than be served something that was slightly out of his routine. Bombshell knew all of his peculiarities. He never required a menu, he always took either a rare fillet steak or just the steak tartare - as hot as hell, and only if Steroid was on his evening shift.
If Steroid was not on-the-pan, or if it was a week-end, Merlot ate out somewhere on the other side of town. Bombshell knew he only liked to eat at the bar, and at his usual spot. If his spot was unavailable for some reason he would take his wine out on the patio until it was free. Not the easiest customer, but he was never any real trouble. She knew Merlot always signed to room number 1, signing the back of the bill with a short ode, or a cartoon sketch, or both, depicting the theme of the evening. They were usually presented back to him for posterity, as a large wad of papers clipped to his invoice when he finally checked out.
A faddy guest and a bit of a tongue-in-cheek racist, Merlot trusted no other chef at the hotel, he considered all the others to be unclean illegal immigrants with blood borne infectious diseases and poor personal hygiene. Steroid had to stay well in for his part of the bargain, so he built up the unhygienic plague-infested picture, laying it on thick with curdling kitchen horror stories, most of which he just made up; some of them not.
At the end of her evening shifts, Bombshell would add up the cash, count the bottles, sort out the bills and hand control over to Sumo. Then she would change out of her plain Janes into a pleated petticoat and peplum, or a silky sarong skirt and sandals. A single cigarette would be smoked out front while she wound down. After which, she would return to take her rest in one of the comfortable barrel chairs at a low round table away from the bar, where she could drink her one glass of Riesling or the occasional Bailey's in peace, while awaiting her lift home. Often, Merlot would take the chair beside her, always sad to see her lift arrive.
At the round table the rules were changed... there was no idle chat about hotel politics, or guests, but instead they spoke about the outside world, neutral topics; holidays, relationships, partners, family and such things. Understanding the unwritten rule, Merlot rarely mentioned hotel goings on unless absolutely essential, he got most of his inside gossip from Steroid and other useful information from The Technician.
Always sitting sideways with her right leg tucked underneath her and left knee provocatively up under her chin, Bombshell would kick her sandals off her dainty feet revealing a starburst of tattoos and perfect toes.
Bombshells taxi would swerve up to the slide door, or on rare occasions it would be her rather reserved partner; he was as elusive as Scotch mist and would park some way off in the background and would text her. Some had it he was a wealthy Swiss banker, others said he was a footballer, while Steroid had him down as a porn star or a pimp. The elusive partner was only ever seen through the windows in classic profile, sitting in his sports car waiting for his trophy girl to clamber in. He never turned sideways to greet or kiss her, so it was put about amongst the staff that he was as ugly as hell, worse still, only had half a face due to a terrible accident; yet another one of Steroids malicious rumours.
Bombshell and her partner worked opposing shifts, so he usually had to drag himself out of bed to pick her up; usually half asleep and still wearing his pyjamas. They had not been getting on at all; he had proposed, and she had declined, more than once. Although she always wore a glimmering ring to try and ward-off unwanted advances in the bar, it never really worked.
The regular taxi driver was an old flame of hers, who charged her at a lower rate. In return she passed him a constant supply of hand picked punters who he could safely take on the scenic route; such as Gouts daily expeditions to and from his office, it was a nice little earner. Gout had no idea the driver was taking the piss - and he was subsidising Bombshells travel costs. It was a tangled web.
Usually after Bombshell slipped off into the night, Merlot would take up his place back at the bar next to Gout and they would reluctantly be served badly by the late night staff. Life continued in waves through the small hours as flights continued to arrive, depart, be re-routed or cancelled; it could be lifeless one minute, then raging decadence and debauchery the next.
As a as a long term inmate with an observational bent, and having been privy to all the back biting gossip, Merlot understood the hotel politics better than most. He had also born witness to the waves of staff who came and went in springs and neaps like fluctuating tides. Indeed he felt somewhat like an intertidal creature living in a littoral zone, with his ear placed firmly to the polished floor like a mollusc anchored to a rocky substratum, a limpet, a suspension feeder, suspended, feeding at the bar.
He remained polite, but really had little time for the ephemeral trainees. They despised their jobs and it shone through in their lack of attentiveness. On the other hand the senior staff usually drove them dammed hard, knowing their transience, and took full advantage of the opportunity for cheap labour.
In the kitchen there was a hell of a commotion. Darling was being roasted for having served Siddhartha a cremated unidentifiable congealed mass, the one she had dinged to death on full wattage while daydreaming about a boyfriend in Neuchatel - he was supposedly also a student of inhospitality.
Steroid was ultimately responsible for what left the kitchen, but he was making a meal out of it. All the trainees and bar staff had to do the toasties and microwave meals when there was a rush on in the dining area. Tonight most of the tour group were seated and had ordered fondu.
Keen to see the back of Steroid, Bombshell let no chance go by to cast him in a poor light and was hoping hed have to take some of the flak. They were old sparring partners. There was perhaps a little jealousy involved too, as Steroid had struck up a solid platonic relationship with Sassy outside work and he also knew the full catalogue of Bombshells foregone flings. Something that could perhaps backfire; so seeing him leave with a shoe up his backside would be a bonus. Ultimately, Steroid would bring about his own downfall, of that she had no doubt, so she did not push too hard, not wanting to be seen as the orchestrator. Playing the waiting game was a tried and trusted strategy.
Meanwhile, Siddhartha felt guilty and didnt want to get Darling into any hardship, or worse still, to have her lose face. As she brought him his replacement meal he apologised profusely and struck up a conversation with her in Cantonese, and he seemed to be doing very well indeed.
Darling seemed quite taken with him after their conversation, smiling and paying him a lot of respect and being very attentive. Perhaps he had offered her the world on a plate.
Spitfire and Merlot devoured their food as if they had just inhaled it from their plates, both apologising to the vegan Cork Screw for eating so much meat in front of her, like two barbarians. Right after their meal, as Bombshell cleared the bar and replenished the drinks, Siddhartha made his excuses and suddenly left. Somewhat disappointed to see him go, Darling was nevertheless glad that he had promised to return before she finished her shift.
Taliban
Taliban
noun
(in Afghanistan) a fundamentalist Islamic army: in 1996 it defeated the ruling mujaheddin factions and seized control of the country; overthrown in 2001 by US-led forces, although resistance continues, especially in the south
It was already quite dark; the next airport shuttle arrived through the boom gate, marking the passage of time in half hour intervals. Taliban was now at the wheel. He was Pashtun actually, but had been given the nickname as he just looked the part and originated from Afghanistan.
Taliban had relieved Columbo, his side-kick - a short Italian who lived behind dark wrap around sunglasses. Columbo would occasionally hand out snippets of homegrown wisdom, cures for sore throat, backache, rheumatism and migraine. He acquired the name from Merlot due to the fact that in his old raincoat, he looked just like Lt. Columbo.
Both drivers worked for a shoddy outfit that contracted drivers to haul travellers between the airport and the various surrounding hotels. The drivers were never tipped, underpaid, overworked and over a barrel. Often asleep slumped over the wheel in the car-park; and once asleep at the wheel on the Autobahn - the less said about that the better.
Each of the drivers had their own tale of calamity and woe as to how they had ended up on the shuttle, lining the pockets of their penny pinching employers.
However, Taliban had a lucrative sideline that made the monotony and the often ill mannered passengers both tolerable and well worth his while. He worked as the Technicians delivery man, and as he also operated the shuttle service to some of the other hotels, so it made him a useful messenger. Columbo was oblivious to his colleagues subversive activity. The Technician kept him in the dark as he did not trust him. Being named after a famous investigator, and the fact that he always wore dark sunglasses made the deception all the more comical - Columbo, the blind detective.
Round back, outside the kitchen back door, The Technician methodically rolled his last joint for the night, unhurried, well practiced, he took his time. His mind was on the packet he had left in the back office for Taliban. It was all in order, and he felt confident that this, his largest delivery yet would go without a hitch.
Lighting up his smoke, he drew a long hard toke, gazing up at the full moon in wonder. As he blew the thick blue smoke out of his lungs up into the air above him, he watched as it passed on through the spartan birch branches and further upwards, diffusing into the Milky Way beyond. His very own crop, lovingly nurtured, picked and cured by his own hand; it had been part of him, and was now part of the cosmos.
Out there The Technician felt untouchable, it was his thinking spot, out there with the wheelie bins, the garbage skip, the old rusting bicycles and the broken delivery pallets. He dragged again on his spliff. He was now thinking about his other woman; he was thinking about his Blood Diamond, and planning his next move.
Sumo
sumo
noun
the national style of wrestling of Japan, the object of which is to force one's opponent to touch the ground with any part of his body except the soles of his feet or to step out of the ring
As he struggled to prize himself out of the airport shuttle, Femme Fatale was waiting to clamber in. He was the main night anchor, indeed as nocturnal as a possum; the longest serving member of staff at the hotel chain.
Half Swiss, half Chinese, and a master of Zen, Qi Gong and Tai Chi, he was a big chap. He had a perpetual quizzical look on his face that mocked you and sympathised with you at the same time. There were rumours of a failed computer business. Not so much that the business had failed, more that it just failed to float his boat. Hed taken up the job at the hotel after a life changing experience; in his case it was probably enlightenment. It suited him perfectly. He could not imagine doing anything else for a living. More a Buddha than a Sumo, but the name was a better fit.
Just appearing anytime before midnight, Sumo would gradually dismiss the bar staff one by one, starting with the less experienced, depending on the number of guests or demand at the bar. He moved without sound or hurry. Unruffled by the surrounding maelstrom.
In winter, his evening breakfast was a large mug of hot frothy milk with a couple of stale blueberry muffins broken and mashed into it. Hed eat it with a teaspoon held in his huge hand which made the mug look diminutive, and the spoon seem like a toothpick. Muffin soup he called it. In the summer it was a litre glass of cola with a mixed fruit salad, leftovers from the breakfast bar, dropped into it. Sumo was a man in control of himself; the others respected him for that. He was the first to spot trouble and calmly press the panic button under the front desk. The police would usually arrive within 5 minutes in a single van - deploying the softly softly approach.
The Pimp
pimp
noun
a man who solicits for a prostitute or brothel and lives off the earnings
a man who procures sexual gratification for another; procurer; pander
verb
to act as a pimp
(slang) to adapt or embellish in an ostentatious manner
An old city taxi pulled up outside and then backed into a car parking slot. The taxi was driven by a jovial man with pitch black skin, a very shiny, round face and a broad smile; he was sporting baggy jeans with the crutch closer to his knees than his crown jewels, and a loose fitting sweatshirt. The brilliant whiteness of his perfect teeth matched the glow from his over-sized ankle-high training shoes; not so much footwear as machines, or statements. He got out as the rear passenger doors opened. Two gents fell out of the back, both in their mid thirties, well built, with ingrained tans, sun damaged skin, not from a solarium, but undoubtedly from some far away hot spot. They were both dressed in casual light weight gear more suitable for the tropics than for a cool European autumnal evening, but they obviously were not feeling any chill.
The taller of the two men sported a sizeable gold loop ear ring and long curly hair tied back with a band, and had the look of a pirate about him, the other a carefully trimmed goatee and intricate multicoloured tattoos.
Haere Mai... Strewth! Flash gumbootsn fart sacks, bet you can rattle yer dags in them, eh bro. The driver was not sure what language the taller chap was speaking, so he just laughed. They had obviously already struck up a reasonably good rapport along the way, so it could not have been an insult.
Tattoo and Pirate made their way into the lobby with the driver between them, arms round his shoulders, joking along the way. They were already checked in for the night after their connecting flight had been cancelled; the hotels thrived on the aviation industrys disorganisation. It had become increasingly the done thing to book a room and check into an affordable airport hotel the night before a long flight in sheer anticipation of brewing tohubohu, especially when home was somewhere out in the boondocks.
Now in the lobby, the driver was holding Pirates mobile phone to his ringed ear, head cocked to one side with his forefinger stuck in his opposing lobe. He was conversing in broken Spanish to a young lady who they had just called and had been having trouble trying to invite back to their hotel.
Their driver was happy to take the role of go-between, he could speak German and Spanish, and was relaying the conversation to Tattoo in German; he in turn relayed the bargaining on to Pirate who bartered in a broad New Zealand accent. Their driver was also offering to pick the hustler up in his own cab and was also asking her what she had planned later that evening. He was trying to factor a negation fee into the job and so the conversation went back and forth in variagated heavy, guttural, and slurred tongues.
From an initial fee of about six hundred Francs for the whole night, the driver had managed to cut the price to three hundred for a couple of hours, he had his fare covered at both ends and had possibly lined himself up with some extra curricular activity of his own.
After taking an inordinate fare from the two slightly worse for wear punters, he turned down their offer of a drink, although he was officially clocked off. He agreed to pick up their lady of the night at the proposed pickup point and time; namely, outside the infamous HQ bar. Then he swaggered off through the electric door, still grinning, with his gumboots squeaking across the lobby floor.
Taking a spot up at the bar the two men started lightly jesting with Sassy who had also followed the tail end of previous negotiations and who of course, was not particularly partial to hookers, pimps and drunks; with the exception of the regular ones of course. Not that Pirate or Tattoo were drunk. Not yet; they were just on good form.
Spitfire had a soft spot for Sassy and had felt his blood begin to boil when they teased her, as it so often did; their puerile jibes about her condition, although innocent enough, were being misconstrued.
Steroids rumour engine had it she was carrying Spits child; something he neither confirmed nor denied. Of course it was not his, but he liked to indulge in the innuendo, and it fitted with the image.
After ordering a couple of colourful drinks sporting fruit and umbrellas the two newcomers were now eagerly awaiting the return of their taxi driving pimp with their booty.
The two antipodeans then proceeded to recount, rather loudly, the antics theyd had earlier that evening; unaware, as so many travellers are, and particularly after a skin-full, that their words may not be appreciated by all...
The Dodgy
dodgy
adjective
Word forms:dodgier, dodgiest
(British & Australian & New Zealand, informal)
risky, difficult, or dangerous
uncertain or unreliable; tricky
Spitfire was all ears.
Well, apparently it was one of the dodgiest looking of bars they had ever seen, anywhere in the world, and they had been around the globe a good many times. They had both been on the cooks tour of the so called sleaziest areas of Zrich and had finally rocked up at the low-point, the so called HQ bar, where much decadence and debauchery was being had by the very middle aged to geriatric - and obviously quite regular - clientele.
Allegedly live music blared out non stop and the place just throbbed, wall to wall, with transvestites, lady-men, drunks, addicts, thieves, pushers, pimps and hookers of all shapes, sizes and colours, and stemming from every grimy orifice of the planet Earth - all on the make or on the take.
It was a place where sad bastards with hair greased back with black boot polish, soaked in cheap aftershave and donning their Sunday best, leered lasciviously at a frenzied crush of licentious slags, like grinning wanton imbeciles.
Spitfire ears started burning.
The two went on to describe the women as overly pushy and very aggressive, fighting and bitching amongst themselves in a giant free for all cesspit of opportunity.
Having already spent a fortune on beers and lady drinks themselves, they then thought better than to stay too much longer; theyd had their fill and seen quite enough; with an early flight to catch the next morning they decided to leave. So they allegedly wandered outside to the pavement patio area with their overpriced beers in hand, and had been hanging about baiting the street whores, while trying to stop a taxi when they first caught sight of their Spanish vamp.
She had seemed quite out of place amongst the multitude of low-lives. Perhaps not even a hooker at all but a passer-by. They had teased her a little too and tried to persuade her to return with them right away, but she had politely declined. They were unable to communicate with her in Spanish and so instead, she just passed them her mobile number and smiled graciously.
Well... their luck had now changed.
Spitfire overheard the whole boastful bellicose recap and noticed that they had been just a tad too irreverent in their portrayal of his sacred HQ bar.
He leaned forward and looked at his colleague for approval. Merlot had read the situation well, he saw Spitfire about to burst, and being slightly perturbed by the hypocrites himself he decided to light the touch-paper by making the salient point that despite their rather disparaging portrayal, and rather ironically, they both appeared to have had the time of their lives; ...and have even ordered themselves a doggie-bag.
Spitfires Merlin engine ignited, exhaust fumes burst forth, all pistons pounding blood and ire.
Muttering something derogatory under his breath aimed at the chap with the tattoos and the ridiculous lady drink, Spit made a move.
It was the emphasis he placed on the word Dingo that seemed to touch upon a nerve.
Pirate being the closer of the two, overheard and turned on his stool to confront him with a dismissive riposte. Gradually things got somewhat over-heated down the long side of the bar. There began a lot of graunching of stool leg upon shiny floor, copious and colourful gesticulation, pushing, shoving and profusion of rich language.
The night went on, people nearby just moved their drinks and gave them a tad more breathing space; for the regulars, nothing was really out of the ordinary, yet.
The Dugongs
dugong
noun
a sirenian mammal, Dugong dugon is a large marine mammal which, together with the manatees is one of four living species of the order Sirenia. It is the only living representative of the once-diverse family Dugongidae. The dugong is the only strictly marine herbivorous mammal, as all species of manatee use fresh water to some degree. Occurs in shallow tropical waters from E Africa to Australia.
Hey, You want to kill each other... go outside! Outside, in the field, with the cows... outside! Not here! Sassy was worried about Spitfire as hed had a skinful, and yes, she still had a soft spot for him too. There was no need for concern, Spitfire was a bulldog and could hold his own, but then again so was The Pirate.
Spit and Pirate huffed and puffed and blew their way through the doors, out across the car park, onto the moonlit cow field beyond, where two sloshed silhouettes span out the slow motion performance of a dark dervish dance against the backdrop of the grey crematorium, as its smoke stack was busy spouting its eerie greyness upwards and across the now full and slightly orange moon. No-one paid them too much attention.
Their drinks stood on the bar half empty awaiting the warriors triumphant return. Tattoo straightened up the chairs and moved across to apologise to Cork Screw, who was not too amused by her chaperone's sudden metamorphosis from Dr Jekyll into Mr Hyde, but not too upset either. She rather liked Tattoos, having a few herself, so they started comparing their artwork. Cork Screw had her blouse up at the side tantalisingly exposing her delicate adornment, an entwined reticulation of wild roses. Tattoo unbuttoned his shirt front, revealing a complete bodywork of Torres Strait indigenous artwork. He was a walking linocut depicting Saibai warriors in war dance postures surrounded by a tessellation of subtly disguised motifs including bats, turtles, dugongs, sting rays and crocodiles that he called pagamasik art. He told her of the aboriginal legends behind the motifs and the traditional artwork they were based upon; about the fierce warrior people who lived from the sea and about his hometown in Melanesia. Cork Screw was smitten, she wanted to see it all; she had found her Quequeg and had been quite willingly harpooned.
Sliding about in the mud and cow shit, Spitfire spat fire and swung fist, The Pirate, irate, pirouetted as he ploughed back. They both missed. Spitfire rolled out his dogfighting aerobatics while the swashbuckling Pirate lunged and lurched, feinted and parried. From within the bar, and to the accompaniment of the wallpaper music, it seemed more like a slow motion capoeira than a brawl.
Vladimir & Estragon, resting on a nearby knoll, idly followed the side-show, flicking at the night flies with their tagged lobes.
After finally cracking skull and breaking face, the two combatants eventually crashed prostrate into the slime, into a wrestle of bloody laughter. Like a four legged newly born beast they somehow managed to stand, grinning as if half demented; both of them snorting steam like bulls. No different after all.
The Siren
siren
noun
a device for emitting a loud wailing sound, esp. as a warning or signal, typically consisting of a rotating perforated metal drum through which air or steam is passed under pressure
sometimes capital (Greek mythology) one of several sea nymphs whose seductive singing was believed to lure sailors to destruction on the rocks the nymphs inhabited
any aquatic eel-like salamander of the North American family Sirenidae, having external gills, no hind limbs, and reduced forelimbs
Something was not quite right behind the reception desk. Moses and Facebook seemed to be huddled together in conspiracy. On the phone, the normally unruffled Sumo seemed bemused. The guests who had just tumbled out of the Talibans shuttle were being processed one at a time, but there was no panic, an unearthly silence seemed to have descended upon the hotel.
The police vans siren had long died out, but its lights continued to rotate about the whole lobby and bar area through the windows adding to the glow of the bar lighting. The back door swung open and two armed officers stepped out calmly and made for the lobby. A plain clothed police officer spoke quietly with Sumo.
Taliban wandered in past the melee, and filled his coffee thermos at the bar, then checked in at the back office to collect a parcel waiting there for him from The Technician. He had to deliver it to another Technician, at one of the rival hotels; he knew what it was: cocaine, hashish and a handy little margin for himself in crisp hundred Franc notes.
The police were parked nearby, but Taliban knew they were distracted and there were no sniffer dogs, so he carried on with his duties as normal. While heading back to his shuttle with his takeaway coffee and bundle of narcotics, a policeman came over to speak with him. Taliban kept his cool. He spoke to the officer in his thick middle eastern accent, enquiring what the problem was this time. The policeman was unforthcoming; he wanted him to move the shuttle so they could get the stiff out.
Relieved, Taliban placed his coffee beaker into its gyroscopic holder on the dashboard, loaded the luggage into the trailer and then let in the band travellers who were impatiently awaiting departure while still rubber-necking at the goings on. Slamming the side door closed, Taliban hopped in the front, and sped off to his drop off point. Along the way he fed the passengers a cock and bull tale about the police raid being a big time drugs bust. The drop off was on the way to the Airport, and as far as any passengers were concerned, it was all part of the normal operation.
Darling was statuesque as usual, still clicking her biro. Both she and Facebook had both been discharged by Sumo but had then been asked to hang about just half an hour longer, incase they needed to give a statement or help out.
But Darling was keen to get changed. She waited twenty minutes and then headed up to her room. As she opened the door she could hear Sultrys faint snoring, and the smell of cardamom, anise and cumin mixed with stale air. As the curtains were drawn it was quite dark and she found it hard to navigate through the disarray of discarded, inside-out clothing strewn about the place.
Having arranged to meet Siddhartha at one of the round tables after her shift, Darling showered, taking great care not to wet her hair, and then changed into something enticing but conservative, adding a couple of bursts of sweet perfume. Being as quiet as she could so as not to disturb her room-mate she slipped out considerately closing the door as gently as she could, and then she made her way back down to the bar area.
Already seated with a bottle of champagne and two glasses, Siddhartha was in the mood for a celebration, the occasion a mystery, which Darling hoped she was part of. They greeted each other in Cantonese as he poured her a drink and handed it to her. They clinked glasses and sat awhile in thought. He told her that he believed she would not have to suffer the old fool much longer. She took that to suggest that he planned to whisk her out of there, back to Hong Kong or Sydney. It did, in a kind or roundabout way.
Bombshell carried on as if nothing had happened; she had her eye on Darling and was trying to weigh up the situation. The regular guests sat at their usual places, slightly amused and distracted by the unfolding events. They had no planes to catch and had nowhere to go. Instead of their paroxysmal monotony, this was all a welcome piece of entertainment.
Spitfire and Pirate wondered for a moment if their minor tussle had caused Sumo to press the alarm. Dismissing the idea as quite ridiculous, they made their way back past the flashing van and through the electric doors, like comrades in arms, leaving muddy footprints across the lobby floor.
Pirate was missing his ear-ring and Spit had muddied the designer gash in the knee of his jeans making it look like he hadnt actually paid for it, and that annoyed him more than anything else.
As they took up new places at the bar Sassy updated them both regarding Tattoos sly conquest and reassured them both they were safe - the police were here for another matter entirely. Spit was actually impressed by his fast work, and held no grudge.
Sassy had changed her opinion of the tropical duo, seeing that she had been a bit premature in her judgement. She came around the bar and using a paper napkin wiped some mud off Spits beaming heroic face.
The two dishevelled devils had indeed noticed that Cork Screw was no longer up for grabs, Tattoo had his arm around her waist and was teasing her about her curls, while she was doing up his shirt buttons and taking her time about it. They all laughed at the ridiculousness of the whole situation, and again it was Noch eine Runde fr Alle.
Absinthe
absinthe
noun
a potent green alcoholic drink, technically a gin, originally having high wormwood content
another name for wormwood
The geek extracted his wallet, which was on the end of steel chain that clipped securely to the arse of his khaki cargo pants. He unzipped it and stared within, as if willing money to appear from its dark interior, while Bombshell stood and waited, head tilted to the side in partial inquisitiveness and exaggerated impatience, actually enjoying the game; she cast a playful glance to Merlot, and gave a wry smile... yes, another tight fisted weirdo, about to be played.
Wearing a chess board shirt over a grey-alien T-shirt, heavy framed thick glasses that sat slightly skewed on the bridge of his roman nose, and still visibly wearing a day pass to some expo around his neck, he had been sitting at the bar for an hour slowly sporking his way through his pudding and sipping at his pop.
Now wanting to pay for his Crme Brle and Cola in Euros, Cargo pulled out a pristine two hundred note and passed it to Bombshell after straightening it of its single tight crease. He had probably ironed it himself. The staff had a random conversion rate that they plucked out of the sky and it was dependent on how much they thought they could get away with at the time; it sometimes backfired, but often amounted to a decent tip. With the large denomination in the offing, Bombshell had just ripped Cargo off on the awful conversion she gave him. Perhaps distracted by the menial mental maths, slight of hand and a bit of extra cleavage, he hadnt noticed the rate was poor. Bombshell was an expert player. Mirrors and reflections indeed.
Merlot had spotted Cargos pass. He knew that expo meant that the nightly room rate would almost double and geeks would arrive en masse; the roads would be clogged, the rooms filled and peace and decorum would be put on hold. For some reason he could not put his finger on, Merlot thought that the chap was not quite what he seemed.
Cargo fumbled through his change, which was in small denominations of local currency. Muttering to himself, without so much as a thank you, he moved away, clumsily bumping into Spitfire and stumbling slightly. After Spit helped steady him, Cargo apologised and walked off, stopping to pause and stare at the shiny apple stand in the lobby while securing Spits wallet into his empty cargo zip pocket. Deciding against taking an apple, Cargo slunk off to the lift. The doors opened and as he entered, Femme Fatale walked out alone looking a little more sober than earlier. She slipped straight outside, pack in hand, as if to take a cigarette.
Steroid bounced out of the kitchen rather appropriately singing the 90s song by Mo-Do, with all the effects... Eins Zwei Polizei, Drei Vier Grenadier, Funf Sechs Alte Gecks, Sieben Acht Gute Nacht. His night had just begun. He danced around the bar taking up Gouts unoccupied spot.
After having had a few minor run-ins with the police himself in the past, Steroid held them in contempt. He took every opportunity to be as belligerent and disrespectful as possible in their presence.
Merlot added the next line Ja Ja Ja, Was ist los? Was ist das? - Ja Ja Ja, Was ist los? Was ist das? Sassy tried to give them both a serious look, then just burst out laughing.
Steroid had changed out of his ninja outfit into jeans and a shirt, and was now ready for some action. He was wondering about the whereabouts of his Telephone Girl, the woman he had spotted earlier, over his coffee mug.
Baba was no longer Im Haus so Steroid was quite safe for the time being; most of the background rabble had gone up to their rooms leaving just the regulars at the bar and a couple of others here and there, so it was time to change the background music and lower the lighting; Steroid did the honours.
As Steroid plonked himself on the stool he asked the whereabouts of Gout. Merlot pointed upwards and shrugged; he explained what had gone on, and that Gout was probably still up in a room with his Russian angel of death, having his crows feet massaged.
Feeling on a total high, Steroid felt the need for a gear change, and to press the pedal to the metal, so he asked Sassy to break out the absinthe. It was not unusual for the evening to take in couple of hair pin bends at high revs between the straights. If the evening was Brands Hatch, then he was accelerating out of Druids Bend.
Bombshell knew from Merlots mood, that he would just stick with his regular wine, so she topped his glass up first and grabbed him a new mineral water from the bottom drawer. As she did so she made sure her Lycra trousers were pulled up tight so that her phenomenal backside was emphasised and pointed right in his direction. It didnt go unnoticed, and although it didnt leave much to his imagination, it certainly did not quell it either.
The bottle of absinthe was from a special case, it came from a select distillery in Neuchatel and had been donated by Merlot himself; a prototype Absinthe called Nouvelle-Orlans that lacked any overpowering aniseed overtones. It was a connoisseurs batch concocted from an authentic recipe of medicinal plants and flowers, including a healthy portion of wormwood, all macerated in a wine-based alcohol and distilled in one hundred year old alembics. It had become tradition to start, and end the evening, with a round of Green Fairy.
Forming part of the stock that was supplied by the regulars, for their consumption only, the deal was that a minimal fee would be charged once only for corkage, placing it all above board. First lining up the absinthe glasses and gently pouring about two fingers of the jade coloured elixir into each, Sassy then placed a jug of water and a bowl of ice on the bar. After the glasses were passed down the bar, Steroid lifted his up, iceless and neat, to make his usual asinine toast:
Alkohol du bser Geist, auch wenn du mich zu Boden reisst, ich steh auf, du boxt mich nieder, ich kotz dich aus und sauf dich wieder.
Having drifted away from the whole play of events, Merlot had been wondering if his lizard-like friend was all right. His mind had receded from the bar; he was questioning what Gouts interest had been with that awful woman. She certainly did not meet his usual baseline for acceptability, and certainly failed to come remotely close his unusually lofty idea of sexy. Gout had not drunk more than his usual fill; and yet he seemed quite worse for wear. Merlot felt that something was not quite right.
Snapping back to the present, Merlot lifted his own glass and retorted with his own rendition of Wilhelm Buschs appropriate couplet:
Rotwein ist fr alte Knaben, ein von den besten Gaben.
Though he was no stranger to absinthe; for him, it was not a drink to be callously downed in one out of shot glasses in such a bar as this, but something to be quietly appreciated and savoured, whilst writing, thinking, or brooding over lifes big questions; and preferably alone.
Having long since learned the lesson of mixing red wine with anything other than more of the same, coupled with copious side orders of mineral water, Merlot stuck with his regular grape, but asked Steroid if he could possibly have a smell of his before being slugged down; Merlot tricked him, and slugged it down himself.
Nodding her head in feigned disapproval, but with a grin, Sassy topped it back up.
Then, as his friends sculled their own Green Fairy, Merlot penned an ode to her...
ode to the green fairy
wormwood embers twisting gut,
swollen liver, clotted duct.
infused thujone appellation,
rosetta stone of inspiration.
molten reflux, thickened bile,
grumble appendix, screech out vile.
tachycardic palpitation,
cranial membrane inflammation.
come green fairy numb my brain,
take me, pour me, down the drain,
to belle poque and drunken farce,
with caudal block and coup de grce.
****
Police rocking up seemingly unannounced, or hailed via the little red panic button under the front desk was a common occurrence. Stolen wallets, laptops, passports, aggressive drunken guests or drunken staff, fights in the bar area, fires in the rooms, cardiac arrests, car accidents, kitchen accidents; it was usually just a nod to protocol.
The last time an ambulance pulled up, it had been due to a young barman shattering his upper jawbone in the cellar against an exploding beer keg valve whilst trying to plumb his own watery margin into the already insipid beer. Karma had been swift on that occasion. He was now fully wired up, scarred for life and undergoing psychiatric treatment for the post-traumatic stress disorder; but of course also fully enjoying the benefits of his rather handsome compensation.
This time the ambulance had followed on later, with no lights and no siren; it parked behind the police car. Paramedics hopped out, but went nowhere; they just stood around as if waiting for further instructions.
It was at this point whilst checking himself, Spitfire realised his wallet was gone - it was only his dummy wallet so he was not too concerned. Spit was an old hand; he never kept anything of value in his pockets if he didnt have to. He had been mugged and had his wallet pinched so often that he now always carried a decoy, containing his bus fare home. Thinking at first he had most likely dropped it during his dally with Pirate, he didnt mention it to the others, there was no need. Then he recalled the weird guy in cargo pants, and the strange fumbling as he passed, and he remembered that his wallet was still in his pocket after coming back inside, because he had put The Pirates business card into it. He smiled as it slowly dawned on him.
Repositioning himself, Spit made sure he had a clear line of sight to both the lift and the staircase door; knowing full well that the lights and sirens may well smoke his man out; if not, hed catch up with him later.
The Masochist
masochist
noun
a person who gets sexual pleasure from their own pain or suffering
a person who directs any destructive tendencies towards themselves
a person who takes pleasure in their own suffering
There was another time in recent memory that an ambulance had been summoned by Sumo. The sight of the emergency first responders busying themselves outside in their luminous lime and lemon coloured safety jackets had briefly taken Merlot back to that crazy occasion, and the string of events lead up to the terrible result played back through his mind.
The Masochist, otherwise known as The Dentist had long since hung up his drill bits, in fact they now composed part of the artwork that hung in the private study of his home, the walls of which were adorned with obsolescent dental implements: excavators, burnishers, pluggers, scalers, forceps, chisels, retractors and all manner of probes. Also here and there, were pieces of bondage gear, hoods, butt plugs, yokes, belts, cock-rings, gags, cuffs and various artistic photographs of bare feet and men all but naked, except for hobnailed footwear.
The room had characteristics more befitting of a museum cataloguing the history of torture: a rack would not have been totally out of place. The rank smell that hung in the air owed itself to the extensive collection of fetid socks that he had also pinned to the picture rails.
With hands that shook uncontrollably from his mood stabilisers and anti-psychotic drugs, hed had to give up his dental practice years ago and was now living on family money; although he was entitled to a meagre disability allowance, it would have barely covered the cost of his foot fetish. He would probably have been struck off in any event for metaphorically playing the organ while his oblivious clients were under the influence of his rather liberal applications of laughing gas. No sooner were they out cold, than it was a case of hands on cocks and off with socks and jocks - he would whip off their footwear and start masturbating over their feet.
His own prescription was as extensive and overlapped with Steroids, but he had no issues with his own sexuality, there was no need for testosterone shots; he knew exactly what he wanted, and needed no assistance on that score. As camp as a row of tents, a cerebrotonic type with an endomorphic build, he had an eidetic memory and a gift for music, languages and mathematics; The Dentist was in fact a genius: a paranoid schizophrenic genius, with a wit as sharp and quick as a Dock Road Stanley knife on a dark night.
Now living in the outskirts of Liverpool, the old school friend of Merlots would visit from time to time, especially to hear his beloved Ashkenazi conduct a concerto in Zrich or play one of the Russian romantic composers. On the odd occasion, he would stay at the hotel and would accompany Merlot and a group of close friends on jaunts about town. He was well known at the hotel bar, an honorary guest. Downtown however, his preferred stomping grounds were the gay bars behind the Niederdorf. So, with The Dentist over, Merlot stuck to the kind of venues where his friend could have his enjoyment and find his particular quarry. Merlot was glad of the chance to explore any new dens-of-iniquity, as a keen observer of humankind.
Feet were The Dentists main fetish, feet and sweaty socks. Having a masochistic bent, he delighted in nothing more than being physically forced to lick the grime and fluff from between the rancid toes of a rough and ready obnoxious youth with size eleven plates of meat; the larger the better. Hobnail boots, football boots, ski boots, bovver boots, he did them all.
After ending up in a dingy first story drinking den they called the Vale Tudo - where there were in fact no rules - the barman, a friend of Merlots, and a death metal front man, poured out liberal Jaegermeister shots on the house between each round of imported Czech beer. The waitress was a tattooed and grown up curvy version of Pippi Longstocking, complete with  pleated gingham mini-dress, worn peplum like over long multi-coloured leggings, ginger plaited pigtails, freckles and a healthy bad attitude. Sliding the bottles down the beer soaked bar, she fed the depraved fantasies of the row of leering grockles who were slumped forward in various states of inebriation.
Although this was as far from a gay bar as one could possibly imagine, the clientele - walking display models for the famed tattoo parlour next door, studded, pierced, branded and leathered up - were actually right up The Dentists street. His libido was in overdrive.
Looking a little out of place in his beige cotton jacket and pink shirt, he sat there tormenting himself, in a way even torturing himself, as he gawped at his precocious cocky young animals, shrewdly weighing up any possibility. Thinking himself infantile and ludicrously optimistic, but in need of some attention, some mischief, he knew full well that it would lead him nowhere, but perhaps provide some enjoyment, some nonsensical action. Desperate for abuse and sweating like a glassblowers arse, The Dentist hunched forward to drink his beer as he did, through a couple of straws, removing the necessity of lifting the bottle... as his hands were trembling as if he were playing the Finale of Rachmaninoffs Piano Concerto No.3 in D minor.
Every now and then The Dentist would have a sudden episode of paranoia and need Merlot to calm him down, explaining patiently that no-one had any intention of bashing him in the head with a beer bottle and leaving him to bleed to death in a back alley, penniless and alone, that he was indeed amongst friends and they would make sure he made it back safely to the hotel. The episodes came in waves, peaking half an hour before it was time to top up on his neuroleptics; and in between the waves of paranoia, he was actually having the time of his life. It was like being on a psychological roller-coaster ride.
Having been on various combinations of long term prescriptive drugs from as far back as Merlot could remember, his friend suffered from pretty much all of the inconvenient side effects, agranulocytosis, akathisia, tardive dyskenesia, diabetes, insomnia, agitation, but seemingly not the sexual dysfunction - The Dentist was a priapism on legs.
Just after midnight the Niederdorf closes down for the night, so the group headed back to their hotel in a pair of shared taxis. Luck had been on his side, The Dentist had managed to find himself a crazed looking Swiss luge enthusiast with feet the size of kayaks and hands like paddles. It was not luck exactly, as he could anticipate perfectly well what his lads wanted to hear for acceptance, for credibility, for survival. He was an old hand at his game.
Back at the hotel, the group had re-joined Gout who was still holding the fort with Sumo and Steroid, all managing to down a few of their usual Belle poque style nightcaps before dwindling down to a close.
At five a.m. the next morning The Dentist had somehow, miraculously managed to call for help. The call was unintelligible and incoherent, but Merlot could see from the display on his mobile that it was from his old friend. At deaths door, gutted from below his abdomen right up to his sternum bone, he resembled a bloated and spliced Burns night haggis gushing entrails bright.
There was no sign of Mr Luge, and the bed was a mass of sheets congealed with blood and gore. It looked like he had been hung drawn and quartered on his own rack. In a state of complete psychosis and delirium they carted him off to hospital, pumped him full of morphine, prodded it all back in and zipped him back up.
The whole sordid affair including The Dentists wayward guts, had then been dragged through the courts and the resulting conclusion was: he had in fact brought it all on himself, he was the one to blame, and he had actually spliced open his very own midriff in a crazed episode of sexual ecstasy.
Meanwhile, Mr Luge had slipped away, scot-free, feet first.
Merlots mind hung there a while in wonder, but he was brought back to warm reality by a familiar picture, an inquisitive coquettish look with a captivating sagacious smile offering him a glass of champagne. From Number Five, Bombshell informed him, as usual using the regulars room numbers when a round was offered in that company.
Merlot lifted the glass to Spitfire Cheers Dude, and then clinked his glass against the green china tea mug that Bombshell had poured her own bubbly into. Still technically on duty, she had always to be mindful of the closed circuit cameras above the bar.
The Bludgeon
bludgeon
noun
a stout heavy club, typically thicker at one end
a person, line of argument, etc, that is effective but unsubtle
verb
to hit or knock down with or as with a bludgeon
often followed by into, to force; bully; coercethey bludgeoned him into accepting the contract
Cargo was in his room, sitting cross legged on his made bed rocking back and forth like an imbecile, next to him lay the pile of ransacked wallets and purses that he had pick-pocketed at the Expo, they all lay open like a cluster of clamshells, already shucked of their valuable innards.
The Expo had been a relatively lucrative show. He was annoyed with himself for having taken the mans wallet at the hotel bar; it broke one of his rules, but after accidentally bumping into him, the grab reflex was just automatic. He knew it meant that he would have to leave right away.
A quick count of all the notes showed a tidy stash in the neighbourhood of two thousand Francs. However, he had laid out the contents of Spits wallet and it did not quite make sense to him, unless it was a red herring. A pile of random business cards, three condoms, an old tram ticket, a photo of a Rottweiler wearing a pair of sunglasses, an old lotto ticket and a twenty Franc note. He was exasperated that he would now have to cut his stay short for the sake of such a meagre sum.
Anyway, having also heard the police siren and seen the flashing lights outside, Cargo decided he should make himself scarce; even though he was quite sure, after seeing the ambulance pull up, that the sudden appearance of the emergency services was more than likely because some old codger had probably had a cardiac arrest.
After packing everything back into his rucksack, he bounded down the stairwell and out back towards the rubbish skip that he had seen earlier; where he already had it in mind to toss the cashless husks.
Spit had seen Cargo exit the stairwell and walk out into the car-park, so he quickly excused himself from the group and slipped out of the side door by the bar, onto the rear patio. He hopped over the flower-beds onto the cycle path by the brook and trotted round back in stealth mode, where he knew he would most likely meet his man coming round the other way. Under a birch tree he managed to rip out a solid piece of fence post and silently waited.
Sure enough, and to Spits delight, Cargo rocked up totally unaware. He even bent over to unzip his backpack with the intention of tipping the purloined purses into the skip, giving Spit the perfect opportunity to bludgeon him over the head a good few times.
Vajazzle
vajazzle
noun (informal)
the practice of decorating the region around the female genital organs with jewellery
Over in room number 6, The Technician had already finished fiddling with Blood Diamonds shower nozzle, and had just finished fixing her up too as he would so proudly put it. He sat on the edge of the bed stark bollock naked, except of course for his trusty old worn out leather tool belt, and had just cut two lines of purest Columbian from the stash hidden in the dummy tape measure that he had wedged inside the right side tool pouch.
He had started methodically cutting two parallel snowy tram tracks on the polished stainless steel drinks tray using a room card key when they first heard the siren approaching. He did not even pause for a moment, but carried lining up his snow as if nothing else mattered.
After snorting a line each, he opened the window a crack and they then lay back and watched the police lights creating a warm kaleidoscope on the adjacent walls and up onto the ceiling. The patterns were softened by the shadows cast by the folds of the dirty net drapes as they moved in the gentle draft.
Neither of them were fazed; they knew the familiar routine. In any event, The Technician had paid the protection racket and as for Blood Diamonds glittering gemstones, they were in fact quite visible, and yet as safe as houses, as she lay there dazzling and vajazzled.
The Plimsoll
plimsoll
noun
(British) a light rubber-soled canvas shoe worn for various sports. Also called: gym shoe, sandshoe
Out back it was a clear autumnal evening, the creek frogs had started riveting away their periodic toccata, pausing intermittently as the odd drunken passer by made their way home along the cycle path.
Round the corner, under two silver birch trees, lay the rusting refuse skip. Its hinged mouth was jammed partially open in a wide sardonic smirk, with one of the insensible peccants undigested limbs protruding awkwardly out through a disarray of milk carton teeth; it was dangling over the iron lip with its bare foot serving as a hanger for the swag-bag.
Perched proudly on top of the iron alligator sat the prime witness to the pilferers cogent knockout; namely, one mangy calico cat, busy nibbling knots and fleas out of its matted fur.
On the ground lay a plimsoll less its laces, converse, sole side up, and next to that, someones calling card - a photograph of a Rottweiler in sunglasses.
The back door of the kitchen was wedged open with a broken breeze block and the stench of Steroids pungent melt of Gruyre and Emmenthaler wafted out in billows of cloying effluvium.
The Cocoon
cocoon
noun
a silky protective envelope secreted by silkworms and certain other insect larvae, in which the pupae develop
a similar covering for the eggs of the spider, earthworm, etc
a protective spray covering used as a seal on machinery
a cosy warm covering
verb
to wrap in a cocoon
Gouts decrepit corpse lay belly up across his dishevelled bed, like some Kafkaesque nightmare, with a hand towel wrapped around his pencil like waist; he had just taken his last shower. His angry looking bare feet hung over the side like rather anaemic looking oversized crows talons. He looked like he had already been dead for some time, as grey as the bed sheets, but he was still luke-warm.
The squeezed remnants of a cheese roll oozed out between the rigid fingers of his clasped left hand, and rather strangely there was a television remote control loosely held in the other now ringless hand. The strange lump in his sinewy throat and the gasping, perplexed look on his pallid face with bulging eyeballs hinted at how he had come to such a doughy end. The last thing to pass through his mind had been Merlot emphasising the words horrific ending as the television played some random news bulletin.
The paramedics lifted Gout into the grey nylon body bag on the stretcher next to him. He would have approved of the colour. As they respectfully zipped him up in his cocoon-like sarcophagus and carted him off out through the door - away on his final journey to be billowed and belched out from the crematorium chimney - his mobile umbilicus vibrated and glowed through the bed sheet as it tweeted its last tweet from Amsterdam. She too had finally flown his love nest and had posted the keys through his front door letterbox. Then the battery died with him.
Hunched in the back of the ambulance next to Gouts recumbent chrysalis was Cargo, conscious, confused, somewhat bloodied and bruised, and holding an ice pack to his swollen head with his cuffed hands.
Moses had taken a breather out back and seen the protuberant appendage dangling its purloined booty, and heard a deep groaning noise reverberating from within the rusting skip. As the lighting was dim it had scared the living daylights out of him, so he had commandeered Sumo who shed light on the matter with his beaming laughing face, as the cat curled herself expectantly around his trunk like legs.
Anyway, wallets had been recovered and a rather messy arrest was made, no questions were asked as per usual.
The pathology for Gout suggested No foul play. The only thing that was foul was his cheese roll. Someone had ostensibly ordered a set of fresh towels for his room. Facebook had been the unfortunate towel bearer who had to knock gently and open his room door... and yes of course, Gouts feet were already up on her wall before they were bagged, zipped and smoked.
Back at the bar a rather flush Spitfire ordered drinks all around and generously tipped all the barmaids, handing over large notes and using the colloquial Stimmt so, meaning thats okay - keep the change. He was determined to spend the lot.
The Vamp
vamp
noun
a seductive woman who exploits men by use of her sexual charms
verb
to exploit (a man) in the fashion of a vamp
Pirates Spanish mystery girl was eventually delivered by the taxi driver. He took his extortionate fare and promptly left, in a totally different mood than earlier, now a much happier Pimp. The seductive siren slinked over to Spit and Pirate at the long end of the bar, put her arms around them both and asked for champagne.
Bombshell was happy to oblige, she had a case of clean-skin bubbly up in the top shelf of the cooler that she had labelled herself, half decent stuff that usually came out for staff birthdays. It was yet another side-line, at sixty Francs a pop it was very reasonably priced for the guest, and she would still be splitting the forty Franc profit with Sassy, along with any tips.
The Spanish call-girl was way beyond Spitfires expectations, a part time strumpet, part time make up artist. Clothed in an ensemble fit for a vampire, she wore a black ankle length clingy silk and lace dress, with powder pale skin, big green saucer eyes, blood red lipstick, a henna red bob, heavy but stylish eye makeup, and a studded dog collar; she looked like a chimerical fantasy, a Goth, a witch; but enough woman for the two of them thats for sure.
Always having had a thing for Lily Munster, Spits fantasy had come true. Even Bombshell was turned on by the horny harlot, flirting with her as she poured her bubbly, and dropping in a dark cherry to complement her guise.
The treat was on Cargos snatch of course, Spit still had a bit more to get through and the Pirate was happy to share his catch. In great spirits, they ordered a round for the usual suspects, and a couple of extra bottles to take away, then vanished with their blood sucking angel into the annals of Spitfires famed storybook.
The police had all evaporated, so too had Gout, though it was written on the cards. He had died a fitting death.
Sassy had decided to sleep at the hotel for the night, too tired to go home.
Steroid reluctantly unlocked his ramshackled ex-army bike from one of the silver birch trees and pedalled off unsteadily down the towpath, homeward-bound, to catch a few hours slumber before he would have to start dolloping out those airplane meals again. He would much rather have stayed the distance; but there was always another night.
Siddhartha had one less thing to obsess about; he had convinced himself that he had finally found the love of his life, who in turn no longer needed to suffer either Sultrys habits or Gouts harassment.
As things wound down, routine prevailed once again, well just for a while.
Bombshell slipped into the back office and changed into her latest haute couture, she let down her thick dark hair, brushed the day out of it, then tied it in an alluring side pony. She swapped the comfortable black work shoes for a pair of summery leather sandals, showing that the toe-nails on her tanned feet matched perfectly with her cherry-red finger-nails.
Sumo stepped outside, bent over and with his banana hands gently placed a saucer of condensed milk in the usual spot, next to the broken breeze block. The calico cat had been waiting patiently by the door. He returned to the bar to concoct his hot frothy blueberry muffin milk mash and start his shift in earnest.
Merlot had a quiet moment to himself, so he considered the last cryptic clue... Concert remodelled with map, to catch the night in ancient Rome! (5,6).
Then he penned an ode to his crabby old departed comrade...
ode to gout
cracked, torn, whipped and withered,
creaking ragn bone man's cart.
wrinkled, dried, worn out gizzard,
bitter-bent, but good at heart.
broken, grey perverted lizard,
move on old dude... depart.
****
Bombshell joined Merlot at the round table, looking as flirtatious as ever and as spicy as a potpourri redolent with cloves, musk, and laurel leaves.
Sumo brought them both a smile and a fine grappa each, on the house of course, as a kind of salute to the departed Gout; they all drank in a solemn silence.
Out by the skip it was serene once again, except for calico, who was busy lapping the last traces of condensed milk from her dish; and up on the roof, the moths, continued their neon dance, fluttering transfixed by the limelight as the bats still picked them off, one by one.
The river of flotsam continued to ebb and flow, but it was down to a trickle as the flights became less frequent. The familiar rattle of Talibans old diesel engine and the graunch of his gears cut the tranquillity  as he swung round by the lobby and came to a sudden halt.
The shuttle door slammed open and a raging bear stepped out, with a loud distinctive Scottish accent, singing out wildly in the vernacular.
Aye, but theres noot mer ah kan say laddie, if yer gonnae nod off while yer drivin, ahl kick yer wee bowbag so fuckin hard, yull be spittin oot pips fir the rest oyer sad wee life. Taliban looked a bit shaken, but was now wide awake.
It was Dunin, and the night had only just begun.
Ah yes, Carpe Noctem, indeed!
Part Three
Merlots Departure
River Styx
Styx
(Greek mythology) a river in Hades across which Charon ferried the souls of the dead
It was Christmas day. The best day to fly for anyone wanting to avoid the throng of madness and just drink them-self into a carefree stupor.
The stolid old cheese rolls and perspex memento mori had long since vanished; in its place stood a small plastic apology of a tree in a pot, decorated with tinsel and mini angels. The hotel was still busy, but most of the long-term guests had already checked out for the season, some booked back in for the New Year.
Already having decided to aweigh anchor and head back to the southern hemisphere, Merlot had tossed even more of his belongings into the infamous skip as his time drew to a close. He had a full set of clothes laundered, dry cleaned and stored in the back locker room - for his next saga.
Now almost down to what he stood up in, and the few items he deemed vital for long haul travel, all else lay amongst left over fondues, rotting vegetables, potato peel, soup tins, cigarette stubs, milk cartons and spliff butts.
Unburdening himself of baggage gave Merlot huge relief, he felt mobile again, unfettered and free. He had also checked in one very light piece of luggage at the Singapore Airlines early check-in counter the evening before his scheduled flight. The queue was minimal and things had gone like clockwork.
No longer hindered by anything more than his minimalist carry-on he would be unencumbered: Merlots bag contained a dark fat book, his notebook of odes, a biodegradable hotel biro, his worn out, stamped to death passport and a fresh polo-shirt.
Having also allowed himself the luxury of his tablet-computer and a decent pair of noise cancelling headphones, he felt well prepared. The ear buds were not so much for plugging his mind into the asinine in-flight entertainment system, as for visibly signalling to anyone sitting beside him, that he did not wish to partake in idle conversation; that childish, excitable chit chat that holidaymakers unconsciously get caught up in once their fasten seat-belt light switches off.
Almost as if it were a sign permitting passengers to drop the arrogant, unfriendly, aloofness, and giving them the go-ahead to temporarily mask themselves with the pretence of amiability; the seat belt sign had taken on another meaning for Merlot, a kind of Pavlovian switch.
Having seen the transmogrification working in reverse so many times before, Merlot knew well the false masks of cordiality would be put away, to be replaced once more with the miserable, thick-skinned and surly faces after the seat-belt light signalled the start of descent, and then the egoistical stampede racing for the exit with its me-first attitude. It was not so much the underlying misery of human nature that bothered Merlot; he simply did not wish to waste his time.
Merlot was not into goodbyes, and the morning staff were not really his crowd. Besides, they all seemed busy checking in a mini tsunami of hectic travellers pushing and shoving in an undisciplined fan shaped queue. He slipped out through the electric doors, and into the awaiting shuttle; his autopilot engaged.
Columbo was on the morning shift, somewhat lacking in his usual upbeat positive bouncy manner. No home-grown herbal cures or nuggets of Italian wisdom. Reeking of garlic, he was napping in the drivers seat wearing a floppy Santa Claus hat with his usual dark wraparound glasses. He was probably just on the tail end of the night shift. Merlot snuck into a back seat and as the final passenger clambered in and slid the door closed. The slam shook Columbo from his slumber. He checked his phone, started her up, and they headed off.
At the airport Merlot treated himself to a double dose of espresso knowing the coffee on the flight would be unpotable; and a last rustico gipfeli at the Goodbye-and-good-bloody-riddance-Bar. He exchanged the rest of his local bank notes and coins for a more lightweight lottery ticket, which became a hopeful bookmark in the tome he had inherited from Gouts estate - Celines Journey into the Night. A rather appropriate read he thought.
The accursed copy of Pilgrims Progress had been consigned to the hotels ever changing English bookshelf. It sat for a few days sandwiched between a worse for wear Zorba The Greek and a well thumbed copy of Algernon Dearly Loves Patsy, but was soon to be exchanged for a Zurich Nightlife Guide by a departing American businessman who was about to pass through his own uphill grind to purgatorial madness. The little red Bunyan was now on his way to J.F.K Airport where it would be subsequently picked up by one of the unsuspecting aircraft cleaning staff.
Merlot made his way through passport control half expecting the police to pull him to one side for some past infringement of the law; but instead, he was allowed through without much more than a raised eyebrow and a glance as the officer noted his long list of arrival and departure details scrolling down her screen. In true Swiss poker-faced style, without even the hint of a smile, she slipped his passport back under the security window. Merlot thanked her kindly Danke... und Schnen Tag noch, more in relief than politeness. There was no turning back now.
It was business as usual, as he headed straight through the duty-free area, down the steep escalator, into a capacious concrete cavern where a futuristic monorail pumped another discharge of travellers through the airports entrails and into the bowels of international terminal ready for egress. Everyone stood silent as they waited for their carriage to arrive. Uncommunicative, expressionless and miserable; some outward bound to exotic locations, yet bereft of any signs of excitement. Even the children stood in silence, mimicking their parents dullness.
As the carriage slipped at high speed through the guts of the terminal, a film, almost mockingly, flickered its sunny images onto the inner walls as if in a desperate last ditch attempt to lift the dreary spirits. The barmaid from the Vale Tudo bar skipped in a gingham dirndl through postcard mountains to the sound of clanging cowbells, lowing heifers and the droning reverberation of an Alp Horn; but still the travellers just stood, unamused, numb, bovine-like themselves. Merlot smiled to himself at the irony. Then the scene briefly reminded him of Bavaria, and his inward smile died somewhat, but he felt relief, a very great relief.
He wondered what had become of the passion of adventure, the enthusiasm. Perhaps it was the dull grey expansiveness of the raw concrete architecture, or just the aloof xenophobic nature of the new human psyche. Pre-flight nerves or simple civility, whatever it was, it suited Merlot quite well for the time being.
With hardly any valuables on his person, no coins, no belt buckle, no bling or any other such detectable swank, Merlot passed through the security scanner unhindered, to reclaim his modest bag without so much as a beep. Walking past the sudden flurry of ransacking and rummaging he headed off to the kiosk where he picked up his usual papers for the headlines and the cryptic crosswords, then onwards past the last ditch duty-free troughs and on through to his gateway to the skies.
The elite status of his miles membership also granted Merlot the added luxury of boarding the aircraft early. Allowing him to settle in before the stressful stampede of Christmas travellers came flooding and tumbling down both aisles with their masses of over sized parcels and hand luggage; before the brutal cramming of it all in, every which way, into any spare nook or cranny of the overhead compartments.
Then would come the annoying prairie dogging, as random passengers popped up out of their seats, all elbows akimbo, to grab crap from their overheads at the very last minute, as if they had not had the time already, causing annoyance and agitation.
Merlot settled into his seat and tried to relax before the floodgates of hell opened. As it transpired, it was not nearly as much of a deluge as he had quite expected and the skirmish was minimal.
The Monster Airbus had an hour since cast its shadow over the little hotel where Sultry had been reluctantly collecting litter and trays from the mornings breakfast bomb site, and wrestling the obstinate squeaky trolleys back across the tacky orange juice slathered floor, and back into the kitchen for Steroids eager plongeurs. In the lobby a cleaner idly mopped away all history of the previous evenings shenanigans, and the loop was all ready set to repeat.
The postcard cows still sported their yellow ear tags and continued to munch nonchalantly, no longer luxurious grass, but dry straw. They were now housed in a draughty wooden cow shed and a few of their number were sadly missing. Vladimir and Estragon were still going strong, just waiting for the summer, and Merlots inevitable return.
Winter had arrived and the ground was now buried under a few inches of fresh white snow, along with Pirates golden loop earring, now somewhat twisted.
Safe in the belly of the great white shark as it tilted upwards and homewards, Merlot now occupied an aisle seat, and the place next to him was free. Things were looking up.
Christmas lunch was being served by slender Singaporean Goddesses wrapped in tight fitting sarong style dresses, perfect hairstyles and meticulous make-up. He opted for the Beef Rendang, and there, in the top left hand corner, the now familiar cupped iceberg lettuce leaf, like a hand, offering its dollop of potato salad, a roll of smoked salmon, a splayed gherkin and a peppering of capers. Half expecting to see it all topped off with a raging hot Bhut Jolokia, he smiled, asked for the red wine and sculled the plastic beakerful to the honour of Steroid the salad chef, then immediately asked for a top up, to set the pace.
After much wine and half a dozen or so Singapore Slings, he found himself back in his familiar Chiangi transit gold lounge, as if nothing at all had transpired. Had it all been an outlandish phantasmagoria? Had he ever been away?
Well, the bourbon had been replenished. Unfortunately, there were no sticky chicken wings in the bain marie, but the steaming hot Chinese dumplings looked quite morerish. Merlot grabbed a newspaper and relaxed back into his usual round brown club chair in the corner of the room, turned to the crossword and considered the first clue that caught his eye... Mumbai muesli (6,3). How appropriate; it jogged his memory of the outward trip, and he noticed that someone had kindly vacuumed out his throne of the chick pea, dried noodle and corn spillage.
As a sudden reflux of bourbon scorched his oesophagus, he thought: never again, never again. And as had become his custom, he struggled to write some words down on the back of his bookmark; namely, his boarding pass printout...
ode to reflux
i was a-pistered once again,
tonge's numb and legs a-twisted.
body's wracked and mind a-blistered,
rained gutted wrenched and shistered.
flashbacks wished had not existed,
jolted spleen and face a-fistered.
retching up the spit of bile,
heaving up that gall in style.
never again,
well, not for a while.
****
Thoughts of Gout and his rather cheesy end meandered lazily like a sleepy river through Merlot's listless mind, leading him back to the stagnating forest lake, the feelings of deja vu and the rusting Achtung sign, where he found himself standing once again. His mental partitions had begun to seep as he dwelled upon his own demise. He thought that his fine old fauteuil confortable club chair would serve as the perfect vehicle for his own fateful transit.
Imagining that no-one would notice him slip across the river Styx on his way to the Elysian Fields, while sharing anecdotes with Charon the ferryman, he munched on his final mix. Not so much a Bombay send off, as a narcotic cocktail, a pharmacopoeia from the terminal apothecary stirred into a large glass of Merlot; how appropriate. He had no obolus for his right of passage, but could present his lotto ticket with its ode and doodle scribbled on the reverse side. He could slouch there for months before the staff would notice that hed started to fester; perhaps even being so kind as to top up his drink from time to time and even refresh his nuts.
As Merlot drifted off he considered the likelihood that he was already dead, existing in some kind of divine comedy of his own making; forced to return to this Ground Hog of a paradise between interminable torturous trials and endless excursions into some sort of karmic purgatory, each repeat resulting in dismal failure and an ultimate descent into a Dantean inferno, a place where the sun never shines. Slipping into the underworld, he finally lost consciousness as his head fell back and his mouth fell open.
Bombay Mix
Bombay mix
noun
The generic name used for a traditional Indian snack consisting of a variable mixture of spicy dried ingredients, which may include fried lentils, peanuts, chickpea flour noodles, corn, vegetable oil, chickpeas, flaked rice, fried onion and curry leaves. The mix is flavoured with salt and a blend of spices that may include coriander and mustard seed. The English name originates from the city of Bombay which is now known as Mumbai
Later that evening, the tropical sun had already disappeared over the horizon. Out through the floor to ceiling smoked glass windows, the sky was dark once again and way below the asphalt lay floodlit in an amber hue. Little Lego sized workers shunted luggage trolleys to and fro, and toy trucks refuelled pristine aircraft. Out there it was night; inside it remained, as ever, a fluorescent artificial daytime, always bright, like a giant light-box.
Back in the Gold Lounge one of the staff had noticed a casually dressed middle-aged man quietly reclined in an armchair in the corner of the room, his legs were crossed, he had a partially completed crossword on his lap and he was clutching a pen in his hand.
She thought he must have just dozed off or was perhaps deep in thought deliberating over his next clue, because his head was resting back on the neck cushion as if in contemplation, with no detectable movement. As she wiped around the coffee table beside him, being careful so as not to disturb him or his documents, she saw that the mans wine glass and nut bowl both needed refreshing.
Not that it was her job to do so, but for some inexplicable reason she felt some kind of urge to top them up for him. It was peculiar as she had never done that before, but he looked so peaceful, and there was this bizarre feeling, willing her to do so.
Anyway, having only been in that job a few long weeks, she found wiping tables and straightening chairs to be mind-numbingly monotonous.
Having applied for a job in a hotel bar up in the city centre, shed stated that she had solid experience in bar food and beverages. Shed lied. Also having written on her covering letter that her current position involved mixing drinks, again, shed lied.
Thinking that there would be no harm done to be of service to the slumbering gentleman; she could use the opportunity to whiten her lies a little.
Back in the bar area a few people were serving themselves hot food, otherwise it was quiet. She saw there were a couple of bottles of red wine to choose from, wine not really being her thing, but the only bottle already open, and half empty, was the one labelled Merlot, so she decided that would have to be the right one.
As she placed the fresh bowl of Bombay mix and the wine glass next to the man she felt quite sure that she had detected a smile, or was it her imagination.
Happy to have been of service and glad to have taken the initiative, she moved away in a good mood, to tidy elsewhere. She felt quite confident she would get that bar job in town.
The Catfish
catfish
noun
(plural) -fish, -fishes
any of numerous mainly freshwater teleost fishes having whisker-like barbels around the mouth, esp. the silurids of Europe and Asia and the horned pouts of North America
another name for wolffish
Merlot had become a catfish, languishing moribund upon the inky black silt in the depths of the stagnating forest lake; at home amongst decaying leaves, insect larvae and weeds. His mind was far away, adrift in the utopian dreams of fish: thoughts of crystal clear water, flowing currents, bubbling whirlpools, flickering diffracted sunlight, underwater sounds, and of course, food. Sensing the exotic dance of a tempting morsel, the fish, half asleep, took a bite.
Painfully startled, waking into a silt-out, writhing in the mud like an eel, he could neither see nor could he breathe. The catfish gasped as a jagged hook gouged deep through his bloodied gaping mouth, and then out through his lacerated gills.
Bursting with rage that he had been wrenched from his covert concealment, that his privacy had been defiled, and that his pain, horror, and anger could not shriek forth - having no voice - his mind exploded in a fit of apoplexy.
The line began yanking him up into the brightness, from the cold depths to the warmer shallows, back to the here and the now. Gradually the fish was drawn out of his oblivion, back toward the vague memory of a world he had quite forgotten.
Blind fury gave the fish strength to wrestle once more against the wrenching strain, but the constant tension allowed no relief, and as his mouth tore and his body gradually exhausted itself, his will to resist decreased.
Through the rippling surface of the rust coloured water the fish could just make out the inauspicious silhouette of a fisherman, as light streamed down into his eyes. The fishermans features seemed to be familiar. Using every last drop of energy to thrash about as he breeched the surface, the catfish passed from water to air, and its dream gradually transformed; the fishs mind became Merlots mind.
Laughing hysterically, Toadstalker was hunkered next to the Achtung sign, with his rod bent double, and was reeling and yanking in his catch like a madman.
The winged messenger perched atop the dented sign, with eyes like beads of fire. Obsidian talons glinted in the sunlight, clenching and unclenching in anticipation of the kill, ready for the gutting and the wet spill of entrails.
As Toadstalker continued to reel in, the buzzing sound of the spools ratchet penetrated the water and vibrated through the line and into his worn-out fish-like body.
Hauled from the surface, he could fight no more. He was scooped into a net then callously slapped onto the muddy embankment; the jagged fishhook was wrenched from his silently screaming mouth, ripping his lips and gills.
Mocked by the words of the clue he had solved months ago: Sludge returns a fishy end - pillock!, he heard Toadstalker repeating the fishy mantra: Dumbass, Dumbass, Dumbass...
The Earworm
Earworm
noun
a piece of music or a jingle that sticks in ones mind, can be very annoying
Meanwhile, a cleaning crew at J.F.K was gradually making its way through a dishevelled Boeing; edging its way down towards the aft door. Row-by-row exchanging and straightening up the skew-whiff and abused in-flight magazines, sick-bags, duty-free brochures and the plastic emergency information sheets; row-by-row wiping and disinfecting all the grubby surfaces; row-by-row removing used pillows, discarded blankets and all the remaining complimentary clap-trap; then finally vacuuming all the detritus from around and between the seats.
Jesus was absentmindedly repeating an infernal ear-worm that had bored itself into his loaf. It was the last thing hed heard on a station that morning: Yearning, keep them burning, keep them earning. Someones got to pay for all these televisions... Unable to get the goddamn thing out of his head, he was wondering what today would turn up. The day before had been slim pickings; nothing worth the risk, just one kids sticky pacifier and yet another pair of tangled ear-bud headphones, all clogged up with some sickos ear-wax: just cheap shit, nothing special... And you will believe there are no Gods and monsters, Gods and monsters.
Routinely checking the most bountiful crevices for coins, wallets, phones, or any other such booty, Jesus was feeling rather up-beat. Most aircraft delivered up some random gear, especially the inter-continentals; odds and sods rich lardass jerkoffs had overlooked in their desperation to get the fuck out, and being too goddamn careless with their shit. More dough than sense most of em... losers. It was their own stupid fault, he thought.
Seeing it as one of the perks of yet another under-paid job, Jesus made a point of keeping any loose change and notes that he discovered; he handed back purses and wallets of course - okay, sometimes hed lighten them a bit of their load - travel documents and anything else that was too hot went straight to the airline crew with an unimpeachable smile. Back home he had a shoebox bulging with mixed bills and coins from all over the world; he was stashing it all for a flight of his own, a flight the fuck out of there. Well, they all did it. It was half expected. As long as he didnt take too much he knew he wouldnt stand out like some thieving low-life.
One time he'd even bagged a ladies Rolex. The genuine bling too; so his brother told him, and he should know. It had fallen right down the gap between the window seat and the fuselage. Gold, it was. Not solid mind. That was up in business. Those economy dudes wouldnt lose a Rolex. Funny thing, he thought, those business dudes: theyre a lot more careful with their shit than the heard of eco-cattle. Less distraction up there. Less stress. Not so much pushing, shoving or screaming brats. Yes, that would be it. He was remembering how hed dropped the thing casually into the side pocket of his cargo pants without the others eyeing him. There were so many partitions up there they couldnt see a thing. Well, theyd have done the same for sure. It had passed through his mind that it may have been some kind of test, but what the hell. He could always say he was on his way to hand it over. It was getting the stuff out past the customs cops that took real skill. It would have looked pretty obvious if he was wearing a ladies watch, let alone some sparkling bling like that, even if it did fit him - and anyway, it didnt. Hed got it through of course. It fetched him two grand at the pop-shop and no questions asked. With the credit hed grabbed himself a second hand video camera, something quite special, HD and all, perfect for his sordid sideline.
Under the crumpled blanket in seat 36C Jesus saw what he thought was the gleam of a prospect. Perhaps just a wrapper from one of those dumb-ass Swiss chocolate boxes made to look like a gold-bar. Whod buy that shit. He cast a furtive glance to see where his crew were up to; they were all heads down hard at it. Shoving the blanket to the side he was totally disappointed to see that the gleaming was just the gold leaf trim on a small red book. Nonetheless, it looked pretty special. The book did seem to have some power over him; he seemed to be drawn to it.
Scanning the title quickly, Pilgrims Progress, he thought hed heard that title somewhere before, maybe at the cinema or on TV or something; maybe it was some gospel shit. It was a good size, and just fitted his pocket. No need to explain that away, it was just a book; something to read on the way home, so he wouldnt have to eyeball anyone.
That evening on the bus he started to feel really crap. His gut was nauseous; perhaps the start of one of his full on migraines. He was convinced he had the beginnings of a fever. Those planes; full of goddamn diseases. Wiping his clammy brow on the back of his hand, he hissed under his breath, a long drawn out Shheeet.
Flicking through his ill-gotten gain, he picked out a loose scrap of paper with notes scrawled on it. It looked like a riddle or something, written by hand in black ink, he started to read:
Unknown sacred chants absorb bishop for example and beneath the word Z-Om-B-i.e.s.
The bus was hardly moving forwards. Wiping the condensation off the inside of the window with the sleeve of his woollen coat, and squinting out through the greasy smudge at the distorted darkness, Jesus thought he could make out something strange, it gave him the heebie-jeebies, some kind of winged monster. His forehead was pressed right up against the vibrating cold glass rattling his head, but the cold dampness felt soothing... And people skipping merrily to work and dreaming, and dreaming. What he saw was pretty weird; it was as if the bus was stuck not in a jam, but deep in some overgrown forest. The zombie line was playing tricks on his mind. By now he was already sweating cobs.
Well and truly spooked, Jesus turned to the back pages of the book where he saw that someone had jotted something else in the same scrawl, something he could better relate to...
ode to the petroleum industry
queued up tin cans, future scrap, peddling on the gas.
monolithic people movers, four-by-four chromed baby boomers;
engines hooning out manoeuvres, belching move your ass.
spin on this you corporate fuck, race on home for t.v. supp,
breathe in fumes behind that truck; your gears are stuck - impasse.
rev proud v8, red eyed and late, just inches from that next tail gate;
gesticulate, abuse, berate, keep peddling on that gas.
****
It was signed by some dude: Merlot Fecit. Jesus had never heard of him, but could well relate to the rap lyrics. He was still unnerved by the zombie riddle and the impressions he thought he had seen through the bus window. Swaddling himself in his oversized greatcoat, Jesus pocketed the little red book. Pulling up his thick woollen collar, tightening up his scarf and yanking the furry ear-flaps down on his plaid hunting-cap, Jesus tied them under his goateed chin and hunched his head in like some kind of spooked tortoise; then he squinted through the heavy lids of his allergy swollen eyes, scratched his nut-sack, and began to doze off to the vibration of the bus... Yes, there are Gods and Monsters.
For maybe, youll wind up crazy, and when youre drinking,
You may start thinking that youre stupid and youre lazy,
Well, just keep earning, keep on yearning,
And you will believe there are no Gods and monsters, Gods and monsters.
- I am Kloot. Gods and Monsters
Epilogue
epilogue
noun
the concluding section of a book
a short poem or speech at the end of a play
Swallowing huge gulps of air like a gasping fish out of water, Merlot was in the throws of rebirth. Feeling as if he had been in sudden free-fall, then landing with an electric jolt, hands tightly grasping at the arms of his electric-chair and travel-sore red eyes bulging wide open, he lurched back to life. 
While he had slept, he had bitten yet another chunk of flesh out of the side of his tongue with his jagged saw-edged cracked molar. The bottom half of the leg he had tucked under his backside no longer belonged to him, neither did the memory of being a catfish: his dream had already sunk back into the cold dark depths from whence it came.
Merlots old mobile phone was intermittently vibrating in his trouser pocket, buzzing against his thigh. It was the flight alarm that he had pre-set flashing up the note: Ten mins to gate.
After wiping the grubby phone against his jeans and squinting at its seriously scratched display, he noticed that there were half a dozen unread messages. Merlot deleted the usual adverts and automated bulletins from the airline, leaving a couple of bombshells from Bombshell, written in mixed broken English and German: 
The first: Your friend Dunin war hier, he go crazy, make big Fire in his room, dann er verschwand ! Wir haben Polezei nochmals ! Room 1 ist OK ;-)
The second: Aber gute Nachrichten. I will have Baby ;-)
Undoubtably Sumo, the un-carved block, would be calmly bemused and the steadfast apothecary, unperturbed, would continue to decant its panaceas. The seductive odalisques would carry-on administering to the needs of the few remaining lost souls, conjuring up life blood, remedial nostrums and filling tall frosted glasses with health-giving amber nectar, froth and foam; remaining in a state of unflappable serenity, as bedlam and mayhem raged in the background.
Vladimir and Estragon would be standing stock still, flicking the odd ear while watching in perplexity from their usual bovine perspective. The oceanic pool of colour would now be a familiar background milieu to a gyration of flashing orange and twirling blue, as fire-engine and police lighting intermingled and flared out and span across the silvery snow covered ground. 
The sinister incense from the concrete crematorium smoke stack would be temporarily overwhelmed by a smouldering and soaked pot-pourri: the scorched remnants of cheap hotel furnishings, melted plastic, twisted fittings, burned bedding, and charred chipboard.
It was business as usual back at Vanity Fair.
After sitting awhile, rooted in his club chair, with the taste of blood in his partially open mouth, sensation having slowly and painfully tingled its way back into his benumbed lower limb, he paused, deep in thought, musing over the world he had left; then Merlot suddenly sprang into life, sculled the last mouthful of wine, gathered up his belongings and took off down the escalator, towards his gate, as if he were Apollyon himself.
In the heel of the hunt he strode headlong down the hellish descent, heedlessly taking two steps a stride. Merlot's neck craned ever so slightly to gawp sidelong at a red-hot goddess, who was effortlessly trolleying along the carpeted causeway, her bubble-butt oscillating like a newton's cradle in a slow motion take, testing well tailored seams as it struggled madly to emancipate itself from the confines of a loin-stirring vermillion cocktail number; it were as if two rampant koalas were mating in a silken sack as she shunted her Gucci load with a well practiced catwalk gait.
In the next moment it was all over for Merlot, he was already out of the game: a slight miscalculation in timing, a misplaced slipshod hoof, a fumbled hand grab, a failed recovery, and he went down... down at heel, himself more comparable to a gangly orang-utan jerking about in a jute sack.
Although all over in a flash, he experienced his closing act in the same slow motion as the teasing metronomic sway of Scarlet's tussling peplums. Spiralling downwards onto sharp ridged metal, he cracked the back of his grey stubbly skull, instantly snapping his tired old neck. Feeling no pain, embarrassment was Merlot's airborne emotion, crashing instantly into nothing more than a great relief before his perception fizzled out and the curtains closed without any applause.
The escalator shunted his breathless body along with his belongings, in not so elegant a fashion, into a dishevelled pile-up, where the stairs of polished metal disappeared and the soft comfort of carpet began. His hand had already released the old phone he had been clutching: it now lay scattered, battery out, screen shattered. Next to the phone lay his crossword, almost complete, one the final clue remained unfilled... "Careless, codger takes cheek and crap without sex (8)".
Thick cerebral blood began to flow as if an uncorked magnum of merlot had been knocked over; a pool of it ballooned outwards, stopped, and then soaked down into the earth-tone pile where his face was firmly planted: a gift for Dionysus.
Transit zombies stood stock still and bovine, staring unblinkingly in nonchalant diversion at the minor infraction, instinctively weighing up the threat, assessing it to be benign and toeing the mindless line, detached and safe in the security of their own numbness, slowly returning to mentally chew the hypnotic cud of wanton accoutrements displayed along the shiny mile.
Having just about arrived at his penultimate destination as dusk fell, Merlot had just one more crossing left yet to pass. Charon, stood tall in the moonlight, punt-pole in hand, smiling, and looking suspiciously like his good old friend... that reaper of grimness, that hooded-hoodlum, who was obviously doubling-up as a kindly ferryman; Merlot was still in transit and once again amongst friends, but caught short, he had no obulus to offer for his passage.

Quotes
Always carry a notebook. And I mean always. The short term memory only retains information for three minutes; unless it is committed to paper you can lose an idea forever.
- Will Self
I need to be alone. I need to ponder my shame and my despair in seclusion; I need the sunshine and the paving stones of the streets without companions, without conversation, face to face with myself, with only the music of my heart for company.
- Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer
I crawled back into myself all alone, just delighted to observe that I was even more miserable than before, because I had brought a new kind of distress and something that resembled true feeling into my solitude.
- Lois-Ferdinand Cline, Journey to the End of the Night
We wait. We are bored. (He throws up his hand.) No, don't protest, we are bored to death, there's no denying it. Good. A diversion comes along and what do we do? We let it go to waste ... In an instant all will vanish and we'll be alone once more, in the midst of nothingness!
- Samuel Beckett, Waiting for Godot
Crossword
Across
6. Salientian faeces fruits fungus (9)
8. A substitute in favour of two unknowns (5)
9. Odd price not right for heroic ode (4)
10. Son of Zeus and Leto accepts a yes, and a no, and becomes the destroyer (8)
11. Unknown measure for philosophy (3)
14. Trap-hole stuck in a horrific ending - with no ring hand (7)
17. Ringlet twister (4,5)
19. Sludge returns a fishy end - pillock! (7)
20. Body odour and a creeper - What, a cow! (6)
22. Setter with terrible Elm rot (6)
23. Amber returns short love before deal (7)
24. Mumbai muesli? (6,3)
25. Harem of mixed orgies, la! (8)
26. Peer at geek strangely, he controls the access (10)
Down
1. We hear expert drinks milk for a preventative (12)
2. Rover gets ball to pigs hoof (12)
3. Lord of the flies, stirs bubble and eze (9)
4. Depressed harvester? (4,6)
5. Concert remodelled using map, to catch the night in ancient Rome (5,6)
7. Switch off! Whale food not right (4)
11. The mindless unknown sacred chants absorb bishop for example (7)
12. Accomplished absconder frustrates a jinn. (5)
13. Hair nits stomp strangely for skeptic (13)
15. Rococo on display has covering (6)
16. Inexpressive extinct skillet (7)
18. Give up hugging... love and a kiss! and end with one note for Don (8)
21. Jaques Cousteau is in the sink (7)

Crossword Solution


