Bloodline
Saving Demons Series Book One
Shannon K Brown
Bloodline
(Saving Demons Series Book One)
By
Shannon K Brown
Published by Shannon K Brown at Smashwords


Copyright 2012 Shannon K Brown
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Books available by Shannon K Brown
Bloodline
Warrior Rising
Demon Slayer (Part One)
The Book of Jade
So Weeps the Demon
(Demon Slayer Part Two)
Beautiful Darkness
Stealing Starlit
So Sighs the Soul
(Luna's Book of Dark Poetry)
The Saving Demons Series is dedicated to the Lost Ones. It is my hope that one day you will be found!
John:3:16
Chapter One
Luna


When my mother Addy divorced my demon-infested father Barron and moved us to the town of Burling, I thought that I would finally be safe, that I would no longer have to fear the violent world in which I lived. I thought that I would have the chance to heal, that the distance between here and that evil world Addy had so graciously ripped me from would be saturated with peace and nothingness. Oh, how I craved for nothingness, for the world to simply move on, while I sat here completely unnoticed.
But I was so horribly wrong to believe that I could ever be safe.
Even if I had known, the day I met Sean Hylander, that fate had it so intricately designed into the fibers of my existence that I were to experience pain and violence to a far greater extent than I had ever imagined and that Sean played a very important role in this, I still would not have been able to do anything about it. Sure, I could have put a little more effort into running from him, could have probably tried to hide, but Sean Hylander would have found me no matter how fast or far I ran from him. No amount of running would have changed my destiny anyway. And there was definitely no possible way I could have stayed hidden from someone, or something, like him.
The day I met Sean, I was sitting at the river's edge with a pen in hand and my journal open to a blank page, wondering if I would survive myself yet one more day. I had attempted to spill the contents of my head onto the pages of my journal, but I was having trouble with that. Something was wrong. And maybe I knew, somehow, that the beginning was drawing nigh. I felt very uneasy. Anxious. It had only been three days since Addy had left Barron, and even though my head was a total mess, I was pretty sure the unease that I was feeling had nothing to do with the kayos that was going on inside my head.
I lifted my eyes from the blank page in my journal and looked at Moss River. Her rippling, twinkling surface had no answers for me. I gave her a dirty look, closed my little black notebook and stuffed it under the arm of my leather jacket. I stuck the pen in the back pocket of my blue jean shorts and I stood up. I climbed the steep, mucky riverbank, feeling a little offended. Being around a body of water had always seemed to soothe me before. Why not this time? This was the very same river that stretched and slithered through Barron's back yard, some forty miles or so away from here. The same river that had lapped at my wounds numerous times. The same river that had wrapped me in its liquid embrace and held me while I bit back tears and listened to the echoes of my screams inside my mind.
It was when I reached the top of the river bank that I first saw him. And as soon as I did, I came to a halt.
He was leaning against an Oak tree, just at the top of the riverbank, only a few feet away from me. It was as if he had been waiting for me. He looked like a medieval warrior with his massive body, strong, squared jaws and wild, silky black hair that fanned down and around his broad shoulders. He was wearing a white shirt that he'd left unbuttoned down to the top of his abdomen, revealing a large, mounded chest that had been kissed deeply by the sun.
The unease that had crept over me earlier now made sense. Sort of. I didn't understand it, but I knew for sure this barbarian had something to do with it. And it had nothing to do with his unusual size or breathtaking beauty.
This man was a demon. 
I recognized his demon, not only because Barron was a demon but because I was too. Ok, so I wasn't really a demon, but demons lived within me and inhabited my thoughts.
Staring into his brilliant sapphire-colored eyes, I felt instantly connected to this man. Like we were part of each other somehow. And yet, I was instantly afraid of him. I had just escaped Barron and his vicious monsters. I knew all too well the sadistic violence inherent in someone like him, and I wanted absolutely nothing to do with the man who was now holding me captive with his eyes.
And yet, I wanted, very much, to have something to do with him. Maybe this was simply because something unseen had tethered us together the instant I looked into his eyes. Or maybe because the darkness inside of me was lonesome. Maybe it was drawn to the darkness inside of him.
"Luna Lanchester," he said. Even with the distance between us, his deep, husky voice reverberating through me, somehow, "That is your name, is it not?"
I didn't answer him. He seemed to already know the answer to his question. Besides, I was feeling too awkward to speak. I didn't trust my voice quite yet. If I had answered him, I would have sounded like the freak that I was, and I didn't want him to know that this was what I was. Not that he couldn't figure this out all on his own. One look at me, in my leather jacket and blue jean shorts, with my snow-white hair falling to the back of my knees, with one green eye, and one topaz-colored eye, and it was totally evident that I was a freak.
The man grinned at me, and I had this creepy feeling he had been listening to my thoughts. His eyes casually caressed the length of my body, from my face to my bare toes and then back up to my eyes again.
I wrapped my arms around myself, feeling naked and exposed.
"My name is Sean. Sean Hylander," he said. Welcome to Burling.
I made a start to leave, but Sean took a sideways step away from the tree and blocked my path. Our sudden close proximity made my breath hitch in my throat. This man towered over me. He had to have weighed somewhere around three hundred pounds. He dwarfed me and my little ninety-eight pound body. Instinctively, intimidated, I took a step backward. I prided myself for being fearless and reckless, but deep down inside I knew I was only fooling myself half the time. A lot of things frightened me, really. And this man, Sean Hylander, was definitely one of those things. 
"Your timidity is quite entertaining. Quite refreshing," he said. He was still grinning, but the look in his eyes did not match the expression on his face.
I started to go around him, but, again, he stepped in front of me and blocked my path.
"What do you want?" I asked.
"You. I've been waiting for you," he said. And he wasn't joking. I could see it in his eyes. But I had no idea why someone like him would be waiting for someone like me.
Uncomfortable with how close he was now standing to me, uncomfortable with what he'd just said, I took a few steps backward. The urge to flee tightened every muscle in my body. But that connection between us, the feeling that our demons had already tangled together, had compelled me to stay.
"You don't even know me, so just get lost," I said, trying to sound threatening. But I was now more enthralled by the look in his eyes than I was afraid of him, and I wasn't exactly sure that I really wanted him to get lost.
"Your name is Luna. You are the daughter of the eccentric Barron Lanchester. Adeline is your mother. Even though all the boys want you, you have remained single. Despite the fact that you believe you are a freak, girls hate you because of your unusual, unique beauty. Adeline had moved you here to protect you from Barron. As I understand it, Barron can be quite extreme, in your mother's opinion. But she has not tasted extreme in the way that you have, has she? Barron is harmless. You, on the other hand, are the one She needs to protect you from the most."
I looked at him through crushed brows. It wasn't what he'd said that disturbed me, it was how he knew these things. But he was definitely wrong about Barron, though. There was absolutely nothing harmless about him. 
"Have you been spying on me?" I asked him, accusingly.
"Spying is done in secret. Have I been watching you? Oh, yes, I have been watching you. And for a very long time," he said. His expression was now cold and hard, but there was a softness in his eyes. I had never seen such delicate tenderness in a man's eyes before. It made me more curious about him than I already was. It made me almost ache to see more of it. To feel it. To feel anything other than the horrible, gooey blackness that swirled inside my soul like thick and mucky mud.
"But, how? I've never seen you before."
"Magic," he said. "You are here now, in my world, and that is all you need to know, for now." Sean took a step toward me. Confusion rushed through me. I needed to get away from him, while at the same time I needed to stay, right here, absorbing that softness in his eyes, embracing the entanglement of our demons.
"You look like an animal that has been trapped in a corner," Sean said. His bejeweled eyes glittered with delight in the light of the setting sun, telling me that he liked the fact that I was afraid of him. Being accustomed to men wanting their woman to fear them, this did not surprise me. Instead, I was totally embarrassed. But I guess looking like an animal was much better than looking like a freak, I thought.
"Wild and untamed." He spoke in a raspy whisper, as if speaking only to himself. "In desperate need of a master, you are. I will be your master, Luna," he said, confidently.
The voice inside my head that had been ceaselessly urging me to run had finally prevailed. The battle of the urges was over. The urge to flee had won. I spun on my heel and ran away from him.
I crossed the rope bridge that hung out over the dam and slowed to a jog. I followed the tree-nestled path that took me out of Oak Park and into the tiny town of Burling. The further away from Sean Hylander I got, the sadder I became. Putting an end to the war of urges and relieving the tension in my body were the only reasons why I was glad that I had fled from him. Every other part of me grew more and more regretful as I put more and more distance between us. I cut across the grassy field and stopped where the sidewalk touched the dirt. I stared at the small, run-down trailer house that was wedged inside a trailer park that was now my new home. Addy's car was gone, of course. She was always gone. She was always as far away from me as she could be. But I couldn't blame her, really. Even I wish I could be as far away from my self as I could be.
Overcome by sadness, I dropped my chin and glared at the puffy, white scars in the center of my palms. They were a constant reminder of how I had become who I had become. I had no desire to move forward, to cross the street and go home. I could stay right there, for all I cared. What was the sense in moving anywhere? I only wished that the world would just move on around me and without me, that it would forget me right where I stood. What swirled inside me was just as cruel and ugly as what was swirling outside of me. For one brief moment, I wanted Sean to appear from behind with his magic and that beautiful softness and I wanted him tell me, once again, that he would like to be my master.
Because he was right. 
I needed a master. 
And he was right about me being the one my mother needed to protect me from the most. I needed a demon slayer, because, as much as I hated to admit it, I sucked at it. I had spent seventeen years of my life trying, to no avail, to murder them, and I just couldn't do it. It was like they were immortal or something. 
I glanced over my shoulder at the field of dry, golden grass and honeysuckle. Sean was not there. I had to wonder if he was just a dream, for no one would ever wear softness in their eyes while gazing at me. Only lust or anger or blame.
I drug the skin that I was in across the street toward my house, unaware that I was being watched, until I reached the steps of the deck, and a man's voice came from the trailer house beside me.
"Welcome to the neighborhood. My name is Dammon," he said. Then I heard the sound of a guitar drifting across the yard. I looked up to find a man sitting on his deck. I couldn't see his face because it was hidden behind long, thick swatches of sunny-blonde hair. His shoulders were arched gracefully over a guitar. It was nearly dark under the overhang where he was sitting. The street lamp could not reach him there, but I could see him well enough to know that he was not a large man and that he wasn't exactly small, either. 
Dammon was playing my favorite song, Stairway To Heaven. And wow! He was definitely a musical genius. I was so enchanted by the sound that he was creating that it felt like I was floating through the night air, like I was the music and Dammon was playing me.
When the song was over, I crash-landed out of the air, feeling stolen from, neglected and oddly out of place. It was as if interwoven with his music was where I truly belonged. And this was weird for me because I never had a place to which I felt that I belonged. Except in my dreams, when I dreamed of Bane. In my dream world, I belonged with him, my Dark Angel.  
"Impressive," I said. My voice sounded so plain and boring in comparison to the voice Dammon had created from the six strings in his arms. For a moment, I experienced an odd sort of jealousy for the way he held that hollow body so passionately in his arms, while having such beautiful mastery over it. I just had to wonder if Dammon was the demon slayer type. 
"Thank you. I would have made you a cake, but I seemed to have lost my apron," he said. His voice possessed the same ability that his music did, to wrap me in the sensation of drifting on air.
"You bake cakes?" I asked, trying to pretend like he didn't affect me in any way.
"It was a joke. My mother used to bake a cake whenever someone new moved to town. That is, until she became a recluse. You will hear about her soon enough. Her name is Guenevere, but people around here call her Whisper, after the woods she lives in."
"Awe, I think I overheard my mother talking to her new boyfriend about her on the phone," I said, straining my eyes to see him. Oh, how I wanted to see him. It really bothered me that I could not put a face to that magical voice and musical genius.
I had to wonder if he looked  hideous. Maybe he was covered in scars or burns or something. Why else would a guy like this be alone on a Saturday night?
"I'm sure. She's been the talk of the town for a very long time. She gets blamed for a lot of things that happen around here. Guenevere isn't evil like they say she is," Dammon said.
I wasn't so sure what to say to that, so I changed the subject of our conversation. "I really loved the song. You really are amazing with that thing." 
"Thank you. You should hear it on a twelve string."
"Twelve! I'm still trying to figure out how you can handle six of them. Will you play me something else?"
"Sure I will." He stood up and did a one-handed-jump-twist-combo over the deck rail and landed softly on the ground, with not so much as a ploing sound from his guitar.
I jogged across the yard and met him at the front of his trailer. He sat down, Indian-style, in the grass, in the pale pool of light that was coming from the street lamp down the road behind me. I mirrored his position directly in front of him. His face was still hidden behind his hair. A little part of me was glad that it was. I had convinced myself that the man must be hideous and that I wouldn't know how to react if I did so happen to see his face.
Dammon's long fingers began to dance across the neck of his guitar, creating an enchantingly beautiful sound. I sat in some sort of trance-like state, listening, as the song moved through me like the breath I breathed. The world around me faded away. Even seeing his face didn't matter in those moments. All that mattered was that his music kept  embracing me and that I continued to feel hollowed-out like the body in his arms. It was wonderful to be swept away from myself, to feel so vacant and empty after seventeen years of feeling so full.
"I haven't finished it yet," he said. 
The music stopped, and I was sucked back into myself, slamming into bone and sinew. 
Dammon raised his head. A soft breeze blew, sweeping all the hair away from his shoulders.
And then I saw his face. 
I did not witness it, but sometime or another Heaven had to have opened up and leaked an angel, because here he was, sitting directly in front of me. Dammon was not scarred or burned or hideous in any way. He had the face of an angel. He was flawless and pale and perfect in every way, with eyes as blue and deep as a cloudless sky. 
I had never experienced the true extent of power until that exact moment when we looked into each other's eyes. Like a breeze, I felt him sweep through me, electrifying everything in his path and filling me with a deep-seeded longing for him to stay right there, touching me from within, caressing even the deepest, darkest places no one has ever gone before.
That is when I knew: Dammon was a demon slayer.
But then I thought about how silly this was. I even almost laughed. I reminded myself that Sean's magic was far more potent than Dammon's was. Sean was more my type. Sean was big, beautiful and dangerous, and these were the much-needed qualities of a fine demon slayer. Yes, beauty was important. I wasn't sure why, but it was.
"Yeah, one's green. One's blue," I said, feeling a little awkward. I quickly dropped my eyes from his. I couldn't stare too long at him, for being in his gaze was completely overwhelming. It did things to my insides that I did not fully understand.
"Beautiful," he said. "Even the spooky stuff."
Everything he touched in me tingled at the sound of his voice, and every inch of my body responded with an incredibly deep, depth-less yearning. 
"Really? And how would you know about the spooky stuff?" I challenged him, still with my head down.
"I am a very good people reader."
"I'm so glad you didn't tell me that it was magic," I muttered to myself. "So, yeah? Then tell me, Mr. People Reader, what do you see? Right now?" I lifted my head, braving giving him my eyes to gaze within. I knew it was dangerous to do so, considering how powerfully he seemed to be able to affect me, but my rebellious nature had me doing stupid things like this all the time.
His gaze settled in my eyes and a tingling warmth spread over my flesh, seeped into my pores and seemed to touch every cell in my body.
Dammon shifted the guitar in his lap and draped his forearm over its hollow body. His hair fell over half his face, but I could still see one of his eyes. He had to have memorized the path he had taken through me just moments ago because I felt him there again. Only, this time he wasn't leaving a sweeping feeling. It was more like a warm penetration that hummed gently within me, probing me. Suddenly I felt inwardly naked and totally exposed.
And I liked it. 
A lot.
"Something draws you to me," he said in a soft, almost hypnotic voice. "Something you could not begin to explain. It's different than what ever it is that draws you to anyone else. It's more like the wind. When it weaves itself through the trees, it leaves its path, its touch, its caress, so that it can find its way back again. The two become one in this way. I realize you asked about right now. Though this is what you felt breaths away from this moment here, this is how you'll feel forever. Once the wind weaves itself through the trees, the branches and the leaves never will forget. Beneath that though, unaware to you right now, beneath your outer layer, there is a sorrow cloaked in darkness that wraps you in its blackest color, and you nurture it as if it were a babe in your womb. I wonder where it comes from."
"You? Why would you wonder about me?" I asked. 
"Doesn't everyone think about you?"
"Heck, I don't know. I'm not the people reader."
"Well, I can tell you that they do, Luna."
This conversation was feeling a little too intimate and  it was making me feel uncomfortable. "How about we change the subject?" I smiled, feeling the warmth of embarrassment in my cheeks. "I met a guy in the park. He said his name was Sean Hylander. Do you know him?"
Dammon seemed uncomfortable all of a sudden. He shifted his guitar in his lap and raised his chin sharply. The  look in his eyes hardened. "Stay away from him, Luna. I'm not trying to be bossy, or anything, but you need to trust me. Stay as far away from him as you can!"
The way Dammon was acting gave me the goose bumps. "Why?" I asked, but it seemed like a stupid question. I already knew the answer; Sean was a demon. 
But then again, so was I, sort of. I grew up with demons. I was accustomed to them. Monsters and madness and mayhem were all parts of my world, fibers of who I am. And to someone like Dammon, someone who had lived a much more sheltered life than I, it probably did not make any sense that I did not fear Sean to the point to where I would stay away from him. But it made sense to me. I was irrevocably drawn to Sean and his demon.  
"Sean is a high priest for the Sons of Hallows," Dammon said.
"Who're the Sons of Hallows?"
"They are a coven of male witches. Warlocks. The Sons of Hallows are a hive from a very intricate network of witches. There are numerous hives all throughout the world, all stemming from one single family. Burling has been The Dark Sons" Coven Stead for eons. There are only a handful of male covens verses female covens, which makes The Sons very valuable to the hives. But, of course, that isn't the only reason," Dammon said.
Dammon may have been afraid of covens and witches and warlocks and whatnot, but I found all of that to be irresistibly alluring. 
"Sean said---" I stopped myself from telling Dammon about the odd encounter in the park. But maybe Dammon would be able to explain to me how Sean had been watching me? And why? It should have been the fact that he was watching me that bothered me the most, but it wasn't. It was the why that bothered me the most.
"Sean said what?" Dammon seemed to go tense with anticipation. I couldn't just leave him like this, so I decided to answer him.
"He said he'd been waiting for me. That he'd been watching me," I said. I carefully watched Dammon, trying to dredge more information up out of his expression. His eyes grew increasingly full of worry. This worry leaked into his face and swelled into concern. 
"What do you think he meant by that?" I asked him.
"Exactly what he said. Sean Hylander always means exactly what he says."
"But how could have he been watching me when I've never seen him before in my life?"
"Warlock? Dark Sons?" Dammon got to his feet as if he was about to take off and fix whatever problems he thought I was having. "Do you have any idea how powerful a warlock can be?"
"Not really. I mean, I've seen movies and read books and stuff."
"Sean is dangerous. Very powerful. And I'm sure he doesn't even have to be anywhere near you to be watching you."
"But why? Why would he be watching me?"
Dammon squirmed in inner discomfort. It seemed to me that he did not want to answer my question, while at the same time, he did not want to deny me of an answer. "What is your last name, Luna?" He seemed so nervous now that I couldn't help but feel a little nervous too. And maybe his close proximity had more to do with it than anything else.
"Lanchester. Why?" I managed to answer him despite the fact that I was breathless from his nearness.
But then I saw fear trickle through Dammon's expression. Fear for me. This fear was deeply settled in his eyes, as if it had been there for much longer than I had known him. In the back of my mind I was aware that there was much more going on than I knew. There were things Dammon obviously knew about me that I didn't.
A shiver slithered down my spine. 
"Luna Lanchester," he said, as if testing my name on his tongue. Now sadness filled his expression. And deep and dark it was. 
"What? Why are you acting like this? What is going on?"
By the sudden shift in his features, the set of his fine jaw, I knew Dammon wasn't going to tell me.
"What?" I probed.
Dammon did not answer me.
"Never mind, then! Gees, this town is weird." I turned around and swiftly crossed the grass between him and the stairs of the deck. I had one foot one the stairs when he called out my name.
I stopped and looked at him from over my shoulder, hoping he had changed his mind and was going to tell me the secrets he was keeping from me. But one look at his face told me that wasn't going to happen.
"Don't go anywhere near Sean Hylander. Or any of the other Sons," he said. I could hear defeat in his tone, as if he knew that I was already clinging to Sean's invisible web. As if he knew that I was irresistibly drawn to the high priest of The Sons of Hallow.
I could hear Sean's deep, husky voice inside my head. I will be your master.
My belly fluttered with excitement.
"I'll try," I told Dammon. I knew this was a lie, but I just couldn't help it. The darkness within me was drawn to the darkness within Sean Hylander. Even my darkness needed a companion, even if it meant inducing or enduring a little bit of madness. I certainly was not afraid of madness. It ran through my veins like lifeblood. It had been passed down to me by the eccentric Barron Lanchester.
I wanted   --no, I needed--   to see Sean Hylander again, even if every part of my wiser-self agreed with Dammon about needing to stay away from him.
****
Chapter Two
Bane


Anger rolled in me like thunder. I growled, deep and long, to the cave's ceiling. Then I tore through the throat of the earth, emerging through the cave's gaping mouth like wind ripping through trees. I took to the sky, thrusting my heavy wings in unison with my pounding heart.
My Lady Moon was falling for the Hylander.
Luna is mine.
"Mine!" I roared.
The beast in me was desperate to release its rage. I needed blood. Preferably the Hylander's blood. But I couldn't have it. Having his blood meant forever I would be bound to The Coven of Hallows, never to return to my father again.
But Father did not care. Father knew no love.
Like I know love.
Wind licked at my hair, soothing me only slightly. I swooped downward. The moon threw the reflection of my massive wings down upon the waters of Snow Melt Lake. I landed on the shoreline. Moonlight illuminated the old woman's face as I strode to where she was sitting in her porch swing.
Shock immobilized her.
I could smell her fear growing intensely as I drew near. I hoped her heart would not fail her before I could get the chance to taste the terror in her blood. I needed the terror far more than My Lady Moon believed she needed the Hylander.
Seeing My Lady Moon's eyes while she stared up at the Hylander only refueled my anger.
Just as the old woman began to scream, I lunged, crossing the distance between her and I in the space of a heartbeat. The woman rose to her feet just before I collided into her. I wrapped her frail bones in a cocoon of black feathers and sank my teeth into the pulsing vein just beneath her ear.
Warm, terror-tinted blood drowned my tongue. I suckled from the woman's neck. Her scream was lost in the dark cocoon of my wings but my anger was not.
I had to get to My Lady Moon. I had to protect her from my brother.
But there was not a way I could get to her; Sleepy Hallow was my prison. My father had made sure of this.
I opened my wings and tossed the limp body aside. I dropped to my knees and opened my arms wide, in position to receive my wishes.
"Father!" I cried to the darkness. "Prince of air!" I growled for all the night to hear. "Lucifer, please! Release me from this coven that I may be with My Lady Moon!" Then I dropped my chin. My arms fell helplessly to my sides. Black feathers splayed out around my legs. 
It was useless. Father would not grant me my wishes. I was not in the position to receive them. A son of Lucifer having even a thread of love in his heart was a disgrace to His kind.
"You have forsaken me!" I cried. "I will find my own way!"
Proud and strong, I rose to my feet. I shoved off the porch and took to the sky with newfound hope.
If I could not penetrate the territorial borders of Sleepy Hallow then I would have to find a way to bring My Lady Moon to me!
****
Chapter Three
Luna


I had a very hard time falling asleep that night. I tossed and turned in my bed, staring at the stacks of moon-drenched boxes that were cluttering my small room. I couldn't stop thinking about Sean and Dammon and all that had happened that night. I knew my escape was only a dream away, but I just couldn't slip into slumber. Bane awaited me there, in my dream world. And I so missed my Dark Angel. I knew it was true that one shouldn't fall in love with imaginary creatures, but I found this safer than falling in love with the ones in the real world. With Bane, I was madly and deeply in love. And maybe this was a way of protecting myself from all the men in the real world who pursued me.
I was taken. However silly this was, it was still a fact; I belonged to the Dark Angel of my dreams.
But now, there was Sean Hylander.
I closed my eyes, missing Bane to the extent that I could have cried. I burrowed deep into my blankets, cocooning myself in darkness, imagining, like I'd done a gazillion times before, that I was wrapped inside of Bane's magnificent wings, that he was holding me, and that I never had to leave the sanctuary of his massive, muscled arms.
Then, as if my will and desperation had beckoned him, slumber pulled me under. And, mercifully, my Dark Angel came for me.
I heard his voice before I saw him. It came to me out of the blackness, the nothingness around me. His voice was like a wave that started in the distance and grew in strength until it whipped around me with great intensity.
"Stay away from him. I command you!" The deep rumble of Bane's voice filled me with relief and washed away the ugly despair of missing him so. I couldn't see myself in all the darkness, but I felt myself turning in a circle, searching for him.
"You're not the boss of me," I said, feeling a tinge of panic when I realized that Bane may not show himself to me in this darkness after all. He was mad, for some reason. I made him mad a lot, actually. But this time he was really mad.
"On the contrary, My Lady Moon." His voice sounded closer now, like he was almost directly in front of me. "He is not whom he appears to be."
 "He and every other person on the face of this planet," I said. "I already know, anyway. He's a Son of Hallow. A high priest."
"He is much more than that," Bane said, bitterly. Then he was right there, in front of me. I could feel the intense hum of his body. The heat that radiated from him. The power that wreathed him. But I still could not see him. I reached out my hand. I could not see it, but I could feel my fingers trembling with anticipation.
He was punishing me for something, by not allowing me to see him.
"I know that, too. He's a warlock," I said.
"He is more than that, even. You will stay away!"
The boom of his voice caused my hand to recoil from him. I stepped away from him. Bane's anger frightened me. He had been coming to me in my dreams since I was a little girl. In all that time I had never seen him this agitated, this upset. 
"I don't have to listen to you," I said. "If you were real, maybe I would think about it. I can't stay away from Sean, and that's all your fault. He reminds me of you, Bane. That's why I think I'm so drawn to him. You're not real. I can never have you! And Sean is real. He's right here in the real world where you're not."
Suddenly, after I felt a whoosh of air and the soft, feathery, brush of feathers, he appeared before my craving eyes, unfolded from the darkness   --his darkness--   and solidified only inches away from me. His beautiful, hard face and blue-black obsidian eyes hovered over me. His long black hair fell in silky waves over his sun-drenched shoulders. Bane was much larger than Sean. There was not a man on earth as large as Bane, that I knew of. But then again, Bane was not of this earth.
My Dark Angel curled his wings around me, walling me like I was in need of his protection. "I am real, My Lady Moon," he said, grabbing my hand and lifting it to his face. "Feel me!" he commanded, pressing my palm to his hard, muscled cheek. "Feel. Me!" Raw power emanated from his voice.
It hurt. Oh, god did it hurt! I wanted to believe him. More than anything on the face of this earth, I wanted Bane to be real. I wanted him to exist in my world. His words churned this hurt in me and made it so unbearably awful. 
Because they were a lie. What Bane was saying simply was not true. He was not real.
I quickly slipped my hand out of his grip and stepped backward, trying to put distance between me and this hurt. Every time he came to me it made the hurt grow just a little bit more. And every time I woke from his dream, I had to face the awful truth that he was not real.
"Only here. In this world, Bane. You are only real here! And I hate you for that! I hate you. Maybe it would be better if you just left me alone."
"You are right, My Lady Moon, he is much like me. You are right to believe so. This is why you must stay away from him."
"Because he is like you? Bane, I'm not afraid of you."
"If you knew me, if you knew what I am, you would have no choice but to be afraid of me."
"Then tell me! What don't I know about you?" I felt this would be a challenge for him since I'd known him for so long, but it only made me wonder. What exactly did I know about my Dark Angel?
"Who am I, Luna?"
"You're Bane!" I said, but he was right. I guess his name was all I really knew. It was strange how I just now realized this. Since I had known him for seventeen years, I guess I felt as if I knew him well.
"What am I?"
"You're an angel." My voice trailed off with uncertainty. "Of some kind." 
This was a good question. What exactly was Bane? I never wondered this before. It never mattered. He was a product of my inner desire for companionship, a figment of my wild imagination, spawned by the hunger of all that was dark and ugly inside of me. He was my demon's imaginary companion. And at times, Bane was the epitome of all that was dark inside me. The sum of all my demons.
Most of all, he was the one and only thing that had ever been there for me. When my father hammered 16 penny nails into my palms, Bane was there. When Barron burned the flesh from my back, Bane was there, embracing me in my dreams. 
"It doesn't even matter! You're just a dream! Who cares who you are?" I yelled, frustrated.
"It does matter, My Lady. And you care. Only to you, am I a dream. For now, that is. One day, you will know what I am. Until then, you must stay away from the Hylander," Bane warned.
"Well, I'm not going to," I said, defiantly. "If I can be even slightly close to you in the real world by being around Sean then I think I might just spend every minute of my life with him."
"He is not I!" Bane growled so loudly that I flinched. I backed to the wall of his wing where I could go no further.
"Good! Because like I said, I hate you! You've ruined my life! You stole my heart, and now I can never love anyone else but you! And that's not fair! Give it back! Just give it back and let me live my life!"
Bane's wings closed in on me, causing me to have to move closer to him, until we were standing toe-to-toe. My heart quickened. I held my breath. I remembered my longing to be held by him, the agony throughout my waking hours of not having him in the real world. I forgot about Sean and every other part of my life that awaited my return from outside the cocoon of Bane's wings. I longed, with incredible ferocity, to stay right here forever, to never wake again. Bane was all the sustenance I would ever need.
Bane held my face with both his hands, tilting my head up so that I would look at him. His eyes glittered with their own light. The darkness around him nuzzled against him. It was jealous of the affection he was giving to me.
"Never! I will never give you back your heart, My Lady Moon. It is mine. It belongs to me. Forever, it will belong to me," he said, with a passion so potent that I could feel it seeping into my pores as it spewed from his body. Then, without warning, the jealous blackness stole him away, and he was gone, leaving me alone with my awful, churning hurt. Leaving me alone to wonder. Who exactly was my Dark Angel?
****
Chapter Four
Luna


I always hated waking up. It sucked having to leave my heart in some cold, dark place, to be forced to endure its absence for an entire day. From where I come from, a few girls used to call me a heartless bitch. They had no idea just how right they were, because each night I was forced to leave my heart in the dream world. 
Bane was right. My heart truly did belonged to him.
Morning's light had not yet crept across the sky. My room was still dark. The boxes were no longer highlighted by the moonlight, but this was perfectly fine by me. They reminded me of everything that Addy was trying to leave behind. Little did she know, it all came with me. Forever I would carry Barron's scars. Not only on the surface of my skin, but far within the depths of my soul. 
I was suddenly overcome by the need to write in my journal. 
Except, I didn't have one. 
I quickly remembered not remembering putting it anywhere, and I couldn't remember having it when I returned to the trailer park.
I shot out of bed and flipped on the light. I tore all the blankets off the mattress. I spun in a circle, looking around on the floor. Then I ran out of the room, turning on lights as I retraced my steps from last night.
The last place I remembered having it was in Oak Park. I had tucked it under my arm when I climbed the riverbank. I had to have dropped it somewhere.
My heart began to pound heavily against my breast. That journal was me. A naked me. It was the deep, dark internal-ness of my being. It was my dreams and my past and my fears and the tears I could not shed. That journal was my lifeline, a secondary skin into which I stuffed all the ugly stuff.
I would be utterly devastated if someone were to find it.
In my bare feet and without my leather jacket, I bolted from the house, out into the misty pre-dawn. As I ran, retracing the path that I had taken last night, I kept my eyes on the ground, searching for the little black notebook. The large, iron gates to the park were closed. I quickly climbed the fence, dropped to the ground and jogged into the dense and dark woods. When I reached the rope bridge, I stopped and leaned over the edge, looking down at the rushing, bubbling water below, hoping I hadn't dropped it over the dam. If I had, I would have to look down stream. It certainly would not have survived a long, rapid bath in the river, but I wanted it back, damaged or not.
I decided that first I would follow my path to the river's edge, to where I had been sitting just before sundown. If it wasn't there, then either someone had found it or it had fallen, slid down the riverbank and had gone over the dam.
I crossed the bridge and entered yet another dense and dark area of the park. Humongous oak trees towered above me. Their canopy of leaves blotted out the trace of light that was now in the sky, casting an even darker darkness into the park. I had to slow my pace so that I could search the ground better in the poor light. I clumsily slid down the river bank. Loose dirt crumbled and toppled to the river below. When I reached the spot where I had been sitting earlier and found that my journal was not there, I looked around me again and then again before I actually accepted the fact that it was not there. I dropped to my bum, fell my forehead to my knees and let out a sigh. My only hope now was that I'd find it washed up onto the shore down the river somewhere.
After a silent prayer to a god I did not believe in, I rose to my feet and rushed up the side of the riverbank. As soon as I reached the top, I bounce off a solid wall of muscle. I went sailing backward. I thought that I was going to fall into the river, but Sean caught me quickly, snatching me up by the wrist and jerking me back to safety even before my mind could catch up to what was happening.
"I wondered how long it would take for you to come back to me," Sean said, grinning in mock victory. He was still holding my wrist tightly.
"I wasn't  looking for you. I was looking for my. . . ." I stopped myself from telling him. I wasn't sure I wanted him to know that I had lost my journal. What if he tried to find it before I did? And what if he did find it before I did? 
"I'm looking for something else," I said, instead. Then I pulled my wrist out of his grasp and stepped sideways, away from him.
"Why? When everything you could ever want or need is right here," Sean said, opening up his arms as if to display himself to me. Looking at him, his gorgeous face, his massive body, caused my mind to stop rushing off ahead of me in pursuit of my notebook, and I realized that I was alone with Sean, the high priest, the warlock I was warned to stay away from. My body tensed with this realization.
"You're pretty arrogant," I said, even my voice sounded tense. I hated that. I was brave and strong, and I wanted Sean to know this. I wanted to be able to display this so that I didn't look so vulnerable to him.
"And you are pretty interested," he countered.
"How would you know?"
"I know everything, remember?" he said, with a crooked grin that caused my stomach to flutter. He was so absolutely wonderful to gaze upon. I could sit and do nothing but that all night long and be perfectly content. If he was asleep, that is. And not staring at me with those demon-infested eyes.
"Then what's my favorite color" I asked, knowing this would be a difficult question to answer since I had two of them and sometimes it was one without the other.
"Purple. Or is it Black? That depends on your mood, now doesn't it?"
I felt my mouth fall open. It took me a minute to recover. No one, not even my own mother, knew this about me. 
"What's my favorite hobby?" I asked. This question was far more technical. It was certainly going to require a much more complex answer. I was anxious to see what he would come up with.
"That depends, once again, on your mood. When you are very upset you like to ride with reckless abandon on your Harley Davidson. When you are not so upset, you like to sit by the river and write, usually in a journal. Sometimes poetry. This very river runs through your father's back yard. You favored a particular spot near Moss when you wrote. Do you know why you have such a strong attraction to the water, while at the same time you are so deathly afraid of it that you have never learned to swim?"
"No," I said, just barely above a whisper. Shock had affected my tongue.
"Somewhere within you, you are aware of the cleansing energy of water. And there are things within you that you long to cleanse. I can show you how. I can cleanse you, Luna."
This man had the makings of a true demon slayer.
But why, then, had he not slain his own?
"How do you know these things?" I asked. But again, more importantly, I wanted to know why? Why did he know these things?
"I have already told you. It is magic." 
Sean Hylander was a witch, a warlock, I reminded myself. So why was I having such a hard time believing him? If it was magic, though, there was still more to it than this. I could feel it in my gut.
"I should be going now," I said. I shifted my weight, about to leave, but at the very same time, as if he saw it coming, Sean clasped a hand to my wrist and gently stopped me.
"Stay with me, Luna. Talk to me. I would very much enjoy your company this fine morning."
I wanted to accept his invitation, but that voice inside me that was warning me that Sean was evil, just wouldn't shut up. For one brief moment, I wondered if Bane could have been that voice. Could my Dark Angel speak to me in my waking hours as well?
How awesome that would be!
But this made me sad. I wanted Bane's company more than I wanted anyone else's. Here. Now. In the real world. And I would never have that. This was heart-crushing when I actually allowed myself to think about it.
Even Bane said that he and Sean were much alike. If I couldn't have Bane, Sean would have to do. 
"What would we talk about?" I asked, looking up into his sapphire eyes.
"You. And me."
"What about us?"
"Say yes, Luna. Yes, you will be my girl. Yes, you will be thrilled that I will become your master."
"I don't even know you. And I've never dated anyone before." What I didn't tell him was that I did need a master. A demon slayer, to be more precise. I needed to say yes so that I could continue to experience the softness in his eyes and the deep connection I felt with him.
"You will learn me. And I will teach you how to be my girl."
I pulled my wrist free from his grasp and wrapped my arms around myself. I was certain the chill that came over me was not from the cool, misty air. Not only had I seen how my father treated my mother, the black eyes, the bruises, but I had also been taught by his how a man treated a woman. I wasn't ready to invite that kind of drama into my life. Actually, I would never be ready for that again. Men were mean. I wanted nothing to do with any of them any time soon. I was confident I knew what Sean meant when he said he'd teach me. And I was confident that I would never be taught. If Barron couldn't do it, no one could.
"I'm totally un-teachable," I said, hearing the finality in my tone. I had decided. I would not say yes to Sean. I would not be his girl.
"I am a formidable match. Not to mention, I am a very devoted teacher. Besides, the fact that you are intractable is precisely a part of your character that interests me."
I crinkled-up my brows at him. "Really? What an odd thing to be interested in," I said, but even as I was saying this, I thought about some of the odd things that drew me to Sean: His massiveness, his rough and tough demeanor and the way he emanated an energy that commanded obedience and respect, much like a king, or maybe even a high priest would. These were the exact things about a man that I despised. Yet, they were the things that drew me to Sean. 
I wondered what other flaws of mine he was drawn to. I was totally unaware of the possibility that a man could have any interest in a woman beyond what she could offer him in his bedroom.
I had to know more.
"So, ugh. . . ." I struggled for the right words, ones that wouldn't make me sound childish or girly. "What else draws you to me?"
The way Sean was looking at me, exploring every inch of my face with his eyes, made it seem as if he believed that the answer to my question would be found on the surface of my skin. His examination of me made my pulse quicken. His eyes were like fingers, delicate and soft, caressing me with a feather-soft touch.
"Your rebellious nature." 
He moved closer, while staring into my eyes. 
"Your temerity." 
He was right there, now inches away from me. 
I couldn't breathe. He towered over me like the Oaks. I felt much smaller than I actually was. 
"Your virginity; your snow-melt. You are pure and clean. Untouched by man. The fact that no matter how hard you try, you can not seem to remember how to breathe when I am near you." His voice was now a husky whisper that caused my insides to swirl. He raised his hand and touched my face with his large palm, rendering me helpless beneath his touch. He moved even closer, bringing his face down to mine. His lips brushed my cheek. His fingers combed through my hair to the back of my head and curled into a gentle fist. "The fact that you fear me," he whispered, his words hot in my ear.
Sean recognized the emotion even before I did. Beneath the swirling of excitement that was induced by his nearness, I was afraid. But before my mind could start flashing various pictures of what could happen next, Sean let go of me and stepped away. I was left there, to figure out on my own how to regain control of the swirling and pounding that was going on inside me.
"Say yes, Little One," he said. 
I wondered how he could be so casual and calm, while I was such a mess inside.
"Yes." The word rose up out of nowhere and simply slipped out through my lips. I quickly clamped my hand over my mouth. I had no idea I had intended to say that word. I had no idea how the hell it rolled off  my tongue.
Was it magic? Was it possible that Sean had made me say that?
Sean smiled. A look of self gratification twinkled in his eyes. "Very well," he said.
I didn't say that on purpose! It was an accident," I blurted. Sean's smile grew in his lips, as he brushed a tendril of hair away from my face, gently, as if I was made of delicate porcelain.
You did say that on purpose. Which, I must share, was a wise decision. I do not take no for an answer. We belong together, Luna, you and I. We were designed to be bound. I have known this for quite some time. You belong to me."
What Sean was saying didn't feel right. I didn't belong to him. I would never belong to anyone.
Not anyone in the real world, that is.
I belonged to the Dark Angel of my dreams.
"Come," Sean offered his hand, but I only looked at it. I was in shock. I had said yes, and I totally did not mean to. I had said yes and now that meant that I was Sean's girl.
Sean was now my boyfriend!
But. . . I never had one of those.
I did not want one of those.
"I will take you home. You will need your rest. Tonight there will be a special Sons of Hallows ceremony, and I will have you there."
I tightened my arms around myself, as if somewhere deep inside I felt like this was enough to keep me safe from him. "I was told that you were a---"
"Yes, it is true," he said, letting his arm relax at his side. He seemed disturbed by the fact that I did not take his hand. And for some silly reason, I enjoyed disturbing him. Maybe it was simply because he was disturbing me. Or maybe it was just my temerity. 
"I never knew someone like you," I said, but it didn't encompass what I really meant to say. I wanted to know more. I wanted to know everything. The fact that he was a warlock and a high priest of a coven was more than intriguing. But it was kind of freaky. Like I told Dammon, I saw the movies. Was it possible that Sean and his coven were as powerful as Hollywood portrayed warlocks to be?
"True. And you never will again," he said.
"Dammon told me a little bit about you, but I'd like to know more," I said. The look in his eyes changed when I said Dammon's name. The corner of his jaw tightened. Something dark slithered in the corners of his sapphire eyes.
"Do not speak to him," Sean demanded, pronouncing each word perfectly and clearly.
"Dammon told me not to speak to you and you tell me not to speak to Dammon. Is that, like, common in this town? Everyone tells everyone not to speak to everyone?" 
"Dammon told you not to speak to me." It wasn't a question, and he didn't seem to be speaking to me, really, but to himself. There was something lethal lingering in his demeanor.
"You must not like Dammon," I said.
"You will find that I will not like anyone you choose to speak to, especially anyone who is a boy."
"So, it's not Dammon you don't agree with."
"Do not speak to him," he said, pushing the words through a clenched jaw. He was getting frustrated with me, but I wasn't sure why. I understood men were unpredictable and totally wacked in the head, but I had a bad feeling that Sean was far more than these things. I really did not mean to say yes to being his girl. I was not ready for a relationship. I was not ready for that kind of hurt and pain.
You're right, I think I should go home now," I said. I quickly passed him by before he could block my path or grab my wrist to stop me. "This isn't where I belong." Before I knew it, Sean was in front of me and his arms wrapped around me, creating a prison of muscle. It was a quick embrace, one only meant to entrap me momentarily, to stop me from leaving. Sean's hands took hold of my upper arms, and he separated us, holding me there before him. He gazed down into my eyes. I saw the demon within him staring back at me. I saw a darkness identical to the one that surrounded Bane in my dreams. It was the same living, breathing darkness. It was evil. Sean was evil.
And evil had me in his grip.
Even though he was gentle, I sensed the danger I was in while in Sean's presence. These things   --his darkness, his evil, the danger that wreathed him--   reminded me of Bane. 
"You are frightened. I understand this," he said in a soft, deep voice. "It is to be expected. But you will abstain from your incessant desire to flee from me, Little One. You will go when I say go. You will come when I say come."
I felt my eyebrows spike upward. I almost laughed at him. If he actually believed that I would go when he said go and come when he said come then he didn't know me at all. 
"I doubt that very much! I told you, I'm un-teachable. And I don't let people tell me what to do," I said, confidently.
"Which will bring a great amount of excitement to our relationship," he ensured, grinning.
This made me go quiet. I could only imagine what he meant by this. I wanted to tell him that I was not going to have a relationship with him. I wanted to remind him that saying yes was truly an accident and that he needed to stay away from me. But I couldn't.
The demon in his eyes wouldn't let me.
"Now, come," Sean said, with an expectant tone in his voice. He backed off, offering me his hand once again. The rebel in me wanted to ignore it, to run from him just because he told me not to and then go straight to Dammon's house to talk to him, just because he told me not to. I had to prove my point. Sean, or any other man in this world, was not going to boss me around. Ever.
But the softness in his eyes, the delicate way he'd combed the hair from my face, the way I could not breathe when he was near me, where only some of the reasons as to why I wanted to feel the touch of his hand. I want to see that look return to his eyes. I want to find myself breathless from his nearness, if only just one more time.
Sean seemed patient, while waiting for me to comply. In slow motion, tentatively, I took his hand. It was warm and strong and large. His thick fingers curled around my dainty hand, softly, carefully, reminding me that he was strong and I was weak. As he led me into the direction of home, the warmth of his touch and the connection we shared, spread throughout my entire body like warm Agave, oozing around the dark corners of my being. It was nice. And I was beginning to feel excited. I had never had companionship before. At least, now outside my dream world. Maybe it was time. Maybe I was ready after all. Maybe I was strong enough to be his girl.
As Sean and I walked hand and hand on the meandering path through the trees, I was tickled by the sensation of belonging. It was not a feeling of completeness, only belonging. And that was ok. I had accepted long ago that I would never be complete because Bane was the only one who could ever do that for me, and I had known this. I had accepted this. With Bane being trapped in my dream-world forever, meant forever I would be incomplete.
But was it possible that I was wrong? 
Maybe Sean was right. There was something binding us together. There was some kind of connection between him and I. Maybe it was possible that I could belong to Sean, even though he would never truly complete me. Would that then mean that I would never completely belong to him?
Just before we reached the iron gates that closed off the park, I glanced up at Sean's face.
Oh, how barbaric and beautiful he was, with that wild long hair and massive body!
Sean stopped me. His finger touched the bottom of my chin and raised my face a little more, so that he could examine me. Then, slow and confident, he lowered his face to mine. He kissed me as if we were long lost lovers, finally reuniting. It was slow and testing at first. But then passion flared through him, and the kiss intensified.
I had never felt anything like it before. Now I understood how important a kiss was in a relationship between two people who belonged to one another. A single kiss had the power to tighten bonds and strengthen commitments.
When I said yes to being his girl, I did not mean it. But now, after that amazing, magical kiss, I told myself that I would commit.
The sun was peeking over the eastern horizon by the time Sean walked me home. When he said goodbye I was quite disappointed that I wasn't given another kiss. But after curling up in my bed and closing my tiered eyes, I had decided that it was probably for the better. Another kiss like that and I would have probably been willing to do all I could to be the girl that he deserved.
Except, there was one thing he could never have. There was one thing he'd have to kill me in order to take. And that was my virginity.
My snow-melt.
****
Chapter Five
Luna


The affects Sean's kiss had on me had lingered in my being long after I had woken, but the potency faded. While I took a long hot shower, all I could think about was Sean and the things that he had said to me. I was well aware of the ways between a man and a woman, so his demands and the fact that he expected me to listen to him, came to no surprise to me. But it didn't change the fact that I was inexorable. I would not make a very good girlfriend for him. I was stubborn and strong-willed and most of all, I did not like to follow anyone's rules. I liked to break them. When I broke the rules, it was the only time I ever really felt like I had control over my life. 
As I dried off, the image in the mirror stole my attention. I paused to stare at the green and blue eyes that were gazing back at me. I could not change who I was. Not even for someone as bodacious as the high priest of The Sons of Hallows. I was more than rebellious, more than recklessly courageous and bold. I was more than those things and what ever else he said I was. He would end up hating me, and I would be sad because I liked Sean. I liked him a lot.
I gave my reflection one last look before I rushed from the bathroom and into my bedroom. What did one wear when attending a ceremony performed by a bunch of male witches? I had no idea. And I had about an hour to figure it out. As I started pulling things from boxes, I started to feel a little nervous. A coven of male witches? This was intimidating. And would I be the only girl there? I could pretend to be sick and stay home. I wasn't much of a social body. Actually, I was exactly the opposite. I was an introvert. I hated the attention I got in a crowd of people.
The contents of the boxes in my room did not include black witch-like dresses, or anything remotely resembling such a thing. Flannel shirts and ripped up blue jeans were what I had to choose from. Of course, I knew this before I even began my mission to find something to wear, but I was so distracted by my nervousness that it didn't even occur to me until I had given up the search.
I dressed in a sleeveless flannel shirt and my nicest blue jeans, which had holes in both knees and were frayed around the edges. Then I paused to look down at my bare toes. I liked my toes bare. And I didn't think naked toes would offend the members of Sean's coven. And if they did then they would just have to keep their eyes off my feet. I hated putting anything between me and the earth. Unless it was a V-Twin engine stuffed inside a triple-chromed frame of one forty-one Harley Davidson Knucklehead. The one sitting outside in the metal shed, to be exact.
It was close to seven-thirty, by the time I left my room and went out onto the porch to wait for Sean. It was warm outside. There wasn't a cloud in the sky. I could smell the honeysuckle in the field that had been baking in the sun all day. I closed my eyes, took a big sniff, and suddenly realized that Bane did not come to me in my dreams last night. And then it bothered me that I was just now realizing this. Now that I was thinking about it, I also realized that I didn't wake up in agony for having left my heart behind in the dream world. This made me feel awful. How could I do this to Bane?
Did dating Sean mean I was cheating on Bane? Did dreaming about Bane mean I was cheating on Sean?
Oh, man! This was worse than awful. And what made it even more awful was the fact that even though Bane was not real I still felt like I was cheating on him. 
Something was seriously wrong inside my head.
And it was all Barron's fault!
"Good morning, Luna," Dammon's voice caused my thoughts to scatter away like leaves in a breeze.
"It's past seven in the evening," I informed him. "It's not morning anymore."
Dammon was leaning over his deck rail with two coffee cups in his hands. "It is for you. So I thought you might need this," he said, raising one of the cups upward, offering it to me.
"Oh, yeah!" I giggled excitedly. I couldn't help it. And it wasn't the coffee, really, that excited me. I rushed down the steps and crossed the little stretch of grass that separated us. Dammon handed me the cup. I sipped. Noisily. Only to realize I wasn't being very lady-like. I wasn't sure what lady-like meant, honestly. My life, up until this point, had consisted solely of the use of survival-like skills to get me by, being tough enough to live yet one more day. There was no place in my world for a lady or her ways. Heck, a lady would not have survived my world.
"Late night, hugh?" Dammon said. Concern was chiseled deeply into his expression. "It's hard not to notice things like that when you live so close like this." He shrugged his shoulders as if it was no big deal, but I knew differently. "I knew it would be impossible for you to stay away from him."
I let out a long sigh. It was hard for me to be upset at Dammon for meddling in my business like he seemed to be, when his concern was completely harmless. "You know, Dammon, it really is none of your business. I mean, I'm not trying to be mean or anything."
"No. I know. It's just that---" He paused to think about what he wanted to say. Then he moved away from the deck rail and disappeared. He returned, seconds later, directly in front of me. Now, face-to-face with this angelic man, I couldn't help but notice my attraction toward him. He was different. Dammon wasn't like other men. I could see this as we looked into each other's eyes. Dammon didn't only have softness in his eyes while gazing at me, he had softness in his heart as well. I could see it. It was there on his sleeve, where he wore his heart.
And best of all, Dammon felt safe.
"I am only worried about you. You have no idea what you are getting yourself into, Luna. And I just want to help you stay out of trouble."
Dammon's words resonated into the essence of my heart. "Don't worry, Dammon, I can take care of myself," I assured him.
"Oh, I have no doubt about that," he managed a smile, despite his heavy despair.
I set the coffee cup down on the floor of the deck and took both of Dammon's hands in mine. He seemed to focus on me. Our touch. The connection of our eyes. A second flashed by me, while lost in the sky of his eyes, where I was certain Dammon was the man of my dreams, where I felt certain I needed to be with him, and I was certain Dammon was a demon slayer.
Not Sean.
Not even Bane.
But Dammon, my angel.
But that second passed quickly, and I knew, Dammon was not my kind of guy. He was not beastly. There were no demons lurking in the corners of his eyes, no darkness within him. Dammon was not dangerous. On the contrary, Damon felt safe. And safe people didn't slay things.
"I appreciate your concern. Really, I do, but please, Dammon, don't waist your time worrying about me. I'm not worth that."
"You should not say that!" Dammon squeezed my hands in his and held them tightly. He held them as if he didn't ever want to let me go, like he didn't want me moving beyond the safety of his presence. "You are worth it. You are very special, Luna. You deserve to be treated well."
I laughed. I couldn't help it. In my world there was no such thing as being treated well. And after seventeen years of hearing how much I deserved to be punished, I wasn't going to be easily convinced that I deserved better. "You have no idea what I deserve, Dammon."
"Yes, I do. I am a people reader, remember?"
"That's right. I almost forgot."
"We laughed together. It was nice. It was like we were old friends sharing a few precious moments together. Even our hands held together felt natural. Everything about Dammon and I felt right.
Dammon and I were so caught up in our own little world that neither one of us noticed the silver Cadillac that had pulled up to the curb between our houses. Neither one of us noticed that Sean had gotten out of his car.
Until the door slammed shut, and the sound rudely ripped our attention away from one another.
It wasn't until I saw Sean that I remembered that he'd told me not to speak to Dammon.
Reluctantly, I slipped my hands out of Dammon's grip. I opened my mouth to say hello to Sean, but I didn't get the chance to say a word.
Sean grabbed me up by the elbow and jerked me away from Dammon so hard and so fast that I stumbled sideways. I would have fallen if it hadn't been for the iron grip he had on my arm. He stabbed his finger in the air, barely touching Dammon's nose. "If I ever see you around my girl again, I will kill you. Slowly," he said, vehemently. Then, with a jerk of my arm, he turned me around and lead me quickly  to his car. He threw the passenger's door open wide and shoved me inside, slamming the door shut. Panic fluttered through me, urging my body to open up the door and run like mad. But, as Sean rounded the front bumper, his cold, sapphire eyes pierced me through the windshield and pinned me to the back of the seat. There was magic in this look. Black magic. And there was power. I had no idea how it was possible, but Sean's eyes possessed the power to hold me against my will, to keep me from fleeing.
Sean got behind the wheel. The tires slid sideways when he spun the Cadillac around. As he sped down the road I sat as still as I could. Every muscle in my body was tight with tension. Somewhere inside of me I was hoping that my stillness would leak out of me, spill around him and calm the storm I could feel brewing within him. 
I knew enough about dangerous men to know that I was in trouble. 
I had no idea where Sean was taking me, but I hoped with all my might that he would calm himself down before we got there.
The tires squawked on the pavement as he turned the Cadillac out of the trailer park and onto the Highway. Sean took the turn into the car wash, just down the road from the trailer park. He pulled into the big, semi-sized stall and killed the engine. Without pause, he got out of the car. As he rounded the front bumper and headed for the passenger's side I knew for certain that something bad was about to happen.
Sean opened the door, reached inside, grabbed me by a thick lock of snow-white hair at the side of my head and then yanked me out of the car. I screeched, grabbing his hand at the side of my head with both of my hands, as I went sailing sideways. He rushed me along side him, as he crossed the parking space and went into the trees. Just a few yards into the woods he brought me to a painful, hair yanking stop. He whirled me around and then shoved me backward into the tree behind me so hard that it knocked the air from my lungs. Using my hair in his clenched fist, he pinned my head to the trunk of the tree. As I tried to suck air into my stunned lungs, Sean cocked his head just slightly to one side. He lowered his face down to mine. His nostrils flaring. His eyes like a madman. 
"You disobeyed me, didn't you?" he said. His breath was warm and moist against my ear.
"Let go of me!" I shoved him in the chest with all my strength, trying to push him away from me, but Sean didn't budge. He was solid and sturdy. It was like a moth trying to move a mammoth. Impossible!
"You did not answer me." Using a fistful of my hair, Sean bashed the back of my head into the tree trunk. Pain shot through my head. It felt like a bunch of sharp, little nails had been hammered into my brain. A humming sound filled my ears. I closed my eyes tight, trying to remind myself that pain was just a perception, and that even though it hurt like hell, it really didn't have to. I could deal with this. I had certainly experienced more extreme amounts of pain than this before.
"I expect you to look at me when I speak to you," Sean growled. Then he knocked my head into the tree again. This time the sharp crack to my skull nearly made me pass out. Foggy stuff swirled before my eyes, and everything faded behind it.
Somehow I managed to open my eyes. My father had trained me well. I knew how to cope, how to keep my wits about me while under the influence of potent pain.
"Good girl. That's beautiful. Now I haven't heard your apology, Little One. Tell me you are sorry for your disobedience."
"Get off of me! Let me go! I am not apologizing for anything," I yelled at him. There was one thing my father failed miserably at trying to teach me, and that was obedience. I tried again to shove him away, but again, it was like the moth and the mammoth. This made me even more frustrated and angrier than I already was. "Leave me alone! I don't ever want to see you again!"
"That cannot happen. You see, we were made for one another, you and I. It is evident that it will take you some time to realize this for yourself. But after tonight, we will be bound. And after this little episode, I do believe that I may bind you to me forever. It  will take you some time to learn your place with me. This is not it, Little One. Your belligerence is intolerable."
Using my hair, Sean yanked me away from the tree and threw me to the ground. I landed so hard that my face bounced off the ground. Everything that was fuzzy darkened. My vision failed me. I felt my body being turned until I was flat on my back. I felt a weight on my abdomen. My arms were pulled upward. The fuzzy stuff that was floating in my vision was beginning to fade away. The world began to unfold around me. Sean was sitting on top of me. He had gathered my wrists in one of his hands and was now crushing them into the dirt above my head.
"Listen to me, Little One," he said. The icy calm in his voice frightened me even more than his behavior toward me did. "And listen very closely. If I ever see you around that boy again, I will kill him, right here, where you are lying now. And then I will lie you down in bloody grass. I am a man of my word. Now, I expect obedience from you. I expect respect. And I will receive these things from you, no matter the cost."
"Get off of me!" I yelled at him. I started to squirm. I couldn't help it. I knew in the back of my mind that I'd be getting myself into more trouble. I knew I was utterly defenseless against him, that there was no escape, but I couldn't help it. It was my survival instincts kicking in.
I kicked my legs out, yanked at my arms and arched my back upward, trying to somehow hurt him so that I could set myself free. 
"Get the hell off of me!" I screamed at him.
But then his fist came down. His knuckles drove into the side of my head.
And everything stopped.
****
Chapter Six
Sean


Sean carried Luna's limp body in his arms across the grassy lawn. It was difficult keeping his eyes from her beautiful face. No one had ever affected him the way his Little One has.
Oh, but how she aggravated him so, with how defiant she could be!
But Sean was absolutely certain that he was capable of bending her to his will at a gradual, pleasurable pace.
The Sons of Hallows had already lit the bonfire around the deep, rock-encircled pit. The element of fire would be prevalent in his binding ceremony this night. As a matter of fact, he chose the roaring flames to be the center of his circle, the very heartbeat of his magic. He would bring forth the other elements, of course, but it was the Darkness that belonged to the demon within him that would do his bidding. Lucifer's darkness, combined with Sean's magic, would create a bond between him and his Little One that would be nearly impossible to sever.
Gently, carefully, Sean laid Luna down on the table prepared just for her. It was a masterfully crafted piece of solid oak that had been carved into the shape of an X. Sean had altered the designer's plans just slightly, when he insisted that the bands that were to secure Luna's wrists and ankles to the table were to be fashioned from metal instead of leather, and yet one more time when Sean told the designer that the metal was not to be softened at the edges but rather, left rough and jagged. The designer was eager to please Sean. As was every one else who knew better.
"My feisty one," Sean whispered down to her, as he clamped her wrists into the tight bands. "Leather would have given you the wrong impression of me, do believe. It would have accused me of having concern about your comfort." He moved down along side the table and positioned Luna's ankles into the awaiting bands, securing them in place. "You will struggle, despite the pain it will cause you, despite the condition you will be in. I am certain of this." His gaze roamed over her immaculate body. He licked his lower lip with a slow, thirsty tongue. The anticipation of what lie ahead was almost too much to bear. Even though Luna was right there and he was standing in the spread of her legs, he still longed for her deeply.
Sean moved out from the spread of Luna's legs and stopped at her side. His fingers brushed white strands of hair away from her dainty face. "It is your fear for me that I find rather climatic. Your trembling little body beneath mine. It is your fear for me that I lust for. And believe me, I will see to it that every day, for as long as there is blood left in your veins, I will be satisfied." He bent over her, placing his lips upon hers. He closed his eyes, savoring the sensation of his lust. It was his only weakness. A weakness he hoped no one would ever attempt to use against him.
The thought of him not having her, now that she was finally here in his world, caused a spark of primordial anger to ignite within him. He shoved away from the table. Away from her.
Oh, how she agitates me so!
With a swift stride, Sean rounded the heavily wooded yard and climbed the stone staircase to his castle dwelling, oblivious to the buzzing about of men in black cloaks who were preparing for their night. When he entered the Great Room, he was met by Poseidon, who bowed respectfully.
"Priest Hylander," said the man cloaked in black velvet.
"What is it, Poseidon?" Sean answered grumpily.
"Has the lady been subdued?" The man walked hastily at Sean's side.
"The first of the serums has been administered. I will hold you charge over the other. Now, off with you, Poseidon." Sean stopped abruptly and then turned to the man. He was certain that his weakness was evident in his expression, but Poseidon was a dear, old friend. He was the only one he knew he could trust. "If any Son is to lay a finger upon her, they will answer to me!" Sean's voice boomed through the Great Room.
"We have all been instructed, Priest." Poseidon bowed deeply. He waited for his high priest to turn his back before he did, knowing it was disrespectful to turn his own back on his high priest. 
Sean continued up the wide, curving staircase. He pushed open the large, mahogany doors to his bedchamber. "Soon, my Little One," he said, picking up one of the many picture frames that cluttered the bedside table. While gazing at the image, he traced his thumb along the line of Luna's face. "We will be bound by blood."
****
Chapter Seven
Luna


I couldn't remember ever having such a hard time trying to open my eyes before. I didn't even understand why I needed to. I had no idea where I was or what had happened. My brain felt like a scrambled egg. With cheese. The stringy kind. The contents of my mind were all jumbled. My thoughts made no sense. All I knew was that it was important that I open my eyes.
Sounds began to trickle into my mind. At first they were scrambled too. But eventually I understood the sound of a drum beating softly in the distance, the crackling, snapping sounds of wood burning and the hushed, deep voices of men.
Finally, I was able to lift my eyelids. My vision was blurred like a smeared water painting. There were mostly dark swirls of grays and deep blues floating before my eyes. And then there was a flash of dancing red and yellow. Beneath these colors was a horrible pain that filled my head. When it occurred to me that I had a body, I began to feel sensations in my arms and legs. when I discovered that my body had fingers and toes, I wiggled them, in total awe of how I was capable of doing such an extraordinary thing just by simply thinking it into happening.
Before I knew it, my surroundings were making sense to me. It was night time, and the sky was being brushed by tree tops. The moon's light was shooting through the branches. An incredible heat radiated from---
From where?
I turned my head and saw a raging fire and dark figures circling the flames. The dark figures were circling me as well. They were now chanting and moving in unison around the fire. I realized I was lying on my back on something hard. I tried to move, but a sharp pain dug into my ankles and wrists. I was bound to what ever it was I was lying on. I tried again to move my arms and legs, harder this time, but moving caused me incredible pain. Metal bands held me to an X-shaped table. Their edges were sharp and jagged, and they bit into my flesh whenever I moved.
Panic stirred in my mind, shocking my brain into functioning a little bit better. The dark figures were chanting to the sound of drums. There were men in black cloaks, their faces hidden deep within their hoods. They were The Sons of Hallows. I understood this now.
I tried to make sense as to why I would have awakened here, and that is when I remembered Sean. First his anger came to mind, the icy calm that frightened me so. Sean had punched me in the side of the head and knocked me out. This explained the pain that now seemed to fill my head entirely.
I tried to raise my head, but something was wrong. I must have been drugged. My body and my brain were not working the way that they should have been. I tried to summon that thought, the magical one that could think things into happening, but it was gone now, cowering beneath a whirl of new and raw emotions.
A cloaked man appeared to my right. It was as if he had stepped out of nowhere. I turned my face into a pool of hair and tried to speak, but I couldn't. The man stuck something into my arm. My eyes dropped to see the syringe emptying something into the vein in the bend of my elbow.
I balled my hands into fists and jerked upward on my wrists, trying to punch him, trying to protect myself from this man, but there was nothing I could do. Sharp little pieces of metal stabbed into my skin and tore into my flesh, but I tried again and again, yanking and pulling with all of my strength, which wasn't enough. What ever had been injected into my veins had weakened me greatly. I began to squirm, trying to roll out from under my restraints. Sharp metal chewed at my ankles and wrists. 
Then something warm swam through my muscles, seemingly melting them away, making me weaker and weaker by the moment. I tried to kick my legs outward, hoping to break the metal bands, but now I could hardly move at all. The hypnotic chanting of men seemed to grow louder. My struggle to free myself was useless, but I wouldn't give up. I would fight until all the fight had left my body.
Then a large, warm hand touched my face. I was calmed against my will, as if the man who owned the hand had known the magic of thinking things into happening. He thought that I should go still and that was exactly what I did. I turned my head to see Sean. He blotted out the moon with his enormous body. He was dressed in the same black velvet cloak that everyone else was wearing, except his purple lined hood was down, exposing his beautiful, barbaric face.
And those eyes that said I meant everything in the world to him.
"Perhaps leather would have been the better choice. I underestimated your tenacity. Under normal circumstances, one would be rendered completely immobile with far less a dose than what you were given. I must say, I am thoroughly impressed." When Sean glanced down at my hands my eyes followed his gaze. That was when I realized there was blood spilling from my wrists.
Lots of blood.
Sean's hand on my face lifted my chin so that I would focus on him instead. "Now, calm yourself, Little One. There will be no more thrashing about. You are only harming yourself. There is a hungry animal in your midst. The scent of your blood lingering in the air is not safe."
In the back of my mind, somewhere, I had a really bad feeling that Sean was the animal he was speaking about.
"You can not escape me. The sooner you accept this fact, the better it will be for you."
It was his touch that seemed to calm me, when really it was probably the drug coursing through my veins, making everything swirl again. In reverse to my waking, I fell backward through consciousness. The images around me swirled and melted together.
Then everything faded, until there was nothing left but an incredibly soupy darkness.
****
Chapter Eight
Bane


Fire-drops spat from the pores of my body, only to be torn away from my flesh by the rushing wind, as I soared through the clouds, ripping through the air like lightning lashing through the sky. But I could not will the wind to whip the worry from my mind. It would not leave me. 
Through My Lady Moon's eyes I could only watched, while navigating through my own world, as her life spiraled out of control.
The Hylander was performing a ceremony that would bind her to him for as long as he so desired. She would need his presence, she would crave his presence, and she would become increasingly dependant upon his presence, until he became something like a drug to her. My Lady Moon would be rendered a hopeless addict of the Hylander.
And the Hylander would desire a lifetime with her. 
If not longer.
Not only was the Hylander adequately inclined to make Luna his forever, the beast within him was a connoisseur.
I had this very power myself. Only, there was nothing I could do from afar.
I knew it was coming. I knew exactly where it was, Aradia's invisible ward that surrounded Sleepy Hallow, but I did not care. As irrational as it was, I was hopping that the power of my speed, combined with the power of my inner tumult, would be strong enough that I could slip through the barrier and be free to rescue My Lady Moon.
I stayed connected to Luna, as I soared down above the tree tops, preparing myself for the oncoming ward. 
Luna's blood was everywhere, spilling from her wrists and ankles, soiling the carpet of grass beneath her, tempting the animal within the Hylander. But she wasn't struggling anymore. The Hylander saw to it that she put an end to that nonsense. With a simple touch of his hand he had rendered her languid. 
The Hylander, now deeply engrossed in the magic he was stirring about him, knelt over Luna's limp body. Through the soupy darkness, she could see him. The look of anguish and despair in her eyes had the potential to kill certain things inside me, things I once thought to be immortal, as I am. And now, beyond a shadow of a doubt, I knew my father was wrong. A son of Lucifer could, indeed, have love in his heart. 
I curled my wings tightly against my sides, closed my eyes and made contact with the ward. The solid band of energy did not give. I crashed in mid air, stopping instantaneously. My wings crumpled around me, splattering against the territorial border as I spilled against it. The product of my mass and the velocity at which I was flying made for such a powerful momentum that the impact of my body against the wall shocked my lungs and stunned me momentarily. I slid straight down, heaping into a pile on the ground.
All the while, Luna's life played out before my mind's eye like a picture show. The Hylander slipped his hand beneath Luna's neck and raised it upward. Her neck arched, granting him perfect access for what he was about to do next. Luna's eyes went wide with fear as a sliver of reality shot through the soupy darkness that enveloped her.
The Hylander sank his teeth into the vein in Luna's neck.
And he was not gentle. He knew not mercy and therefor had none to give.
The Hylander began to suckle from her. I could see the steady, rhythmic rise and fall of his Adam's Apple as he drank deeply. Greedily.
I rose to my feet like molten lava rising to the mouth of a mountain. I spun on my heels and pounded my fists into the barrier.
"No!" I roared, in a voice that felt as though it had risen from hell itself. Repeatedly, I hammered my fists against the solid, humming wall that separated me from My Moon, welcoming only the electrical jolts that shot into every cell of my body upon contact with the magically infused wall.
Luna closed her eyes. The fight had left her body. She was strong, but there was not anyone or anything strong enough to shield against the Hylander, whom my brother possessed.
Except for me. Pernicious me.
Only, I could not be there to stop him.
In a fit of rage, I clawed at the barrier with by bare hands, trying to rip myself free. I pounded it with my fists, shoved my shoulders against it, feeling bones buckle and wrinkle upon contact, only to find me as hopeless as My Lady Moon.
I slid to the ground, wings splayed out in the dirt, crumpled and ruffled.
The Hylander was going to pay for what he has done. I was going to rip my brother from that corpse of a man in which he resided, and I was going to make the both of them pay!
"You will pay for this, Rune! You will pay!"
****
Chapter Nine
Luna


I opened my eyes, feeling a sense of urgency that I did not understand yet. It was dark. I could smell lilacs. I looked around and found a sliver of light coming in through the bottom of a very large door. But it wasn't my bedroom door.
Memories began to flood my head: Cloaks and blood and fire and teeth and pain. I remembered the pain beneath a swirl of colors, as well as the pain from Sean's teeth.
Sean bit me!
With a start, I cupped my hand over my neck. My heart thumped hard in my chest.
Sean drank my blood!
Even though I knew this was true, it still took a moment or two for me to actually believe what I was saying. In my life thus far, I had experienced great amounts of pain and terror. I had been subjected to various forms of demonic behavior. But never had I experienced anything vampire-like in nature.  
My stomach violently twisted like a pretzel and my world came to a skidding halt. 
"He drank my blood!" I said out loud, hoping that hearing myself say this would help me to realize just how crazy this sounded, how unreal it was.
But it was real.
I shot to my feet, feeling dizzy and weak. I remembered the blood. There was a lot of blood. The side of my head hurt. I put my hand on the back of my head, gently touching, not one, but two goose eggs that had formed sometime after Sean had bashed my head into the tree trunk.
Panic pulsed through my veins.
How horribly wrong I was to have thought that when Addy brought me here to Burling that I had escaped the nightmare that was my life.
Was it possible that my father inhabited Sean? Barron's behavior was so very much like Sean's behavior. Was it possible that the very same demon who possessed Barron was now possessing Sean? 
Where they following me?
And if so, then why?
I turned in a circle, feeling around me for a lamp. I knocked something over, and it shattered into pieces on the floor. I ran to the door, searching for a door handle or a knob. When I found something, I pulled up on it, but the door would not open. I tried a few more times, while shoving my shoulder against it, but even still it would not open. I swept my palm over the wall next to the door, a wall that felt like rock, searching for a light switch, but there wasn't one. I turned, looking for any other traces of light and found one straight ahead of me. I rushed across the room, reached the little thread of light and swept aside a heavy curtain. The bloated moon lit the night like day. I could see the wooded grounds below and the lush, green grass. To my right, I saw that there was a turret made of stone attached to the---
Castle?
"You gotta be joking!"
After further inspection I realized that I was standing at a fourth-story window inside   --yes--   a castle. But there was no time to sit and ponder how the hell I ended up in a castle. I found a latch, unsecured it and pushed open the glass. I wasn't so sure what my plan was or how I would get down to the ground, but I had decided that breaking something important, like an arm or a leg, didn't matter to me. As long as I could escape. As long as I was  no longer be trapped. Like an animal. Trapped, like I had been my entire life.
A different form of panic imploded within me, as I slipped out through the window, one leg at a time, onto a ledge constructed of large round river rocks. The smooth, slippery kind. And there was only about two inches of the rock that formed the ledge. I paused where I stood, deciding it was time to come up with a plan of some sort. I just hoped I'd make it a good plan, because the ground was a long ways away. Letting go of the window sill and walking along the ledge, like they did in the movies, just wasn't possible in this situation. And there wasn't a single tree close enough to the castle to climb down. If I was going to escape this castle, there was only one way I was going to be able to do that.
I'd have to jump.
"Crap!"
Of course, I preferred not to break any bones, but if I was going to, I hoped it would be an arm instead of a leg. It would be really hard to run away on one leg. But I would crawl out of here, drag myself with my arms if that's what it took to escape Sean. To escape yet another horrible nightmare.
But what if I broke an arm and a leg, and I couldn't drag myself away from here?
I couldn't think about that. I just had to act. And I had to act now. I had no idea how long I'd be alone, how long I had before Sean would come into the room and blow my chance of escaping him.
In the distance, I could hear male voices and the crackling sound of a fire, coming from the opposite side of the castle. I looked around at the property. It was flat and heavily wooded. I wouldn't have been able to see a road even if there was one a few yards beyond the tree line. I had no idea into which direction I would run, no idea which direction would take me home, but I quickly decided that I'd figure that out once I was down on the ground.
I looked down at the ground below me. It was still so very far away from me. But jumping was my only option. Climbing back in through the widow, where I would be trapped, just wasn't going to happen.
I readied my body to jump, even if my mind was slow to follow.
"This is gonna leave a mark!" I groaned. Without another thought, I let go of the window sill and pushed away from the ledge.
Just as gravity gripped me, an arm encircled my waist. Before I could fully comprehend what was going on, I was yanked backward and hauled back in through the window.
"What are you trying to do, kill yourself?" It was Sean's voice. It was Sean's arm that had pulled me through the window. I whirled around, backing away from him at the same time. Light spilled in through the door across the room, but it wasn't enough to see his face. He was only a shadow. A massive, bulky shadow lingering before me.
"Stay away from me!" I said. Panic made my voice quiver. Even though Sean was not approaching, I continued to slowly, cautiously move backward toward the window. "What ever you are, just stay away from me!" It was then that I realized that I did not know what Sean Hylander was. A warlock, yes. A high priest, yes. But he was more than these things. So very much more.
Bane tried to warn me. But I refused to listen to him. 
"Oh, my Little One," he said in a condescending tone. "Why must you be so dramatic?"
"Dramatic? Me? You punched me in the head, drugged me up, tied me to a table, bit me in the freaking neck, drank my freaking blood and then locked me in a freaking castle, and you say I'm the one being dramatic?"
"It is a matter of perception, I suppose," he said.
"Who are you?" I demanded. Somewhere in the back of my mind I understood that these things he'd done to me were no where near as horrible as the things my father had done to me. Different? Yes. More horrible? No. Not yet, anyway. Pain and torment and torture and abuse where all I had ever known. These things were the very fibers of my existence, the things that came together to form the substance of my very existence. After seventeen years of living with my possessed father, I was programed to believe this was life. This was how men were. Especially since I had nothing to compare Barron and his behavior to, other than the Dark Angel of my dreams. And Bane was no different. Bane was cruel and abusive as well. So why was I so afraid? Sean was a Teddy Bear in comparison to what I was used to.
A giant, beautiful, powerful Teddy Bear!
Because he freaking bit me, that's why!
Sean Hylander, The Sons of Hallows' high priest," he said, making it sound so simple. But I knew better. There was nothing simple about who he was.
"Ok, let me rephrase that. What are you?"
"I am a man, Little One. A man with whom you will soon fall madly in love. An insidious hedonist to whom you will pay homage. I am a sadist. I am a masochist. I am your dream. I am your nightmare. And yes, archaic rancor may cause me to be a bit petulant, but I assure you, my titillating Little One, it is you who shall placate me."
"You bit my freaking neck!" I cupped my hand over my throat again. "You drank my freaking blood! You have to be more than that! More than just a man, and what ever the hell the rest of that stuff you said meant. Tell me! What are you?"
"Time will unveil these things you wish to know. I will not."
"Ok, so tell me what happened tonight?"
"You have already done a fine job at recapping the events of the evening. Although, I must say, your synopsis was delivered very freaking inarticulately." Sean grinned, and I couldn't help but feel a little tug in my heart. His grin had magical properties infused within it. 
There was something different about how I felt about him. Something I could not put my finger on. All I knew was that what ever it was, it was potent. And it had something to do with what ever happened when he bit me. 
"That doesn't answer my question! Why would you drink my blood? Are you a vampire?" I felt stupid even asking that last question, since there was no such thing as vampires. But Sean had bitten me and drank my blood. What else could I calm him? A manpire?
"No, I am not. I am a man, as I have said."
The door behind Sean suddenly slammed shut. I flinched at the loud heavy sound. There was no one at the door. There was no breeze, no logical explanation as to how it could have closed. 
Sean did it. Somehow, he had slammed the door. And just before he did, his energy had changed. Frigid waves rolled off of him.
And yet, he looked so calm. With the door closed, Sean and I were now shrouded in darkness. Even the moon hid itself behind a cloud, no doubt cowering away from Sean's sudden outburst.
Sean snapped his fingers and a little flickering flame appeared in the lantern that was hanging from one of the posts on the four-poster bed beside him.
"A man you should reconsider speaking to in such a manner as this," he said. 
Then the window behind me swung on its hinges, closing with a loud wallop! And then a metallic-sounding clink! came from the clasp. The window was secured once again.
Gasping in surprise, I spun around to look at the window. Once again, I was trapped.
"I have been patient with your profane, ignoble behavior long enough for one evening."
The drapes slid over the window, like an invisible hand had yanked them closed.
"Now my patience has expired."
A sound in the corner of the room stole my attention.
"Now, please," Sean said. An old, intricately carved chair tipped backward onto two legs. It began to slide across the stone floor toward me. I watched, with wide eyes and wonder, as it wobbled and hobbled across the floor, all on its own, as if someone had been dragging it. "Sit down," Sean said.
A firm, solid pressure appeared in the center of my chest that felt like the palm of someone's hand. The unseen force shoved me hard, pushing me backward, and I fell to my rump in the chair.
Sean squatted down before me. His face was now in the pool of the lantern's light. "You see, Little One. I could make you do anything I want you to do, but I find that approach rather boring. Would you like another demonstration to help you understand where I am going with this?"
"No. I think I get it," I said, quickly, before he could give me yet another freaky demonstration. But it was sort of a lie. I didn't get it. How a simple man could do these things was beyond my range of understanding. Maybe Hollywood did accomplish accurately depicting what a warlock was. But I did get the point he was trying to make, that I had better behave. I just wasn't so sure I would be able to do that. Behaving wasn't something I was very good at. And this really sucked because Sean was down-right freaky. If I had learned anything in my life, it was how to rebel against authority, and boy, was I good at it sometimes.
"Very good, then. I am pleased you understand." Sean touched my cheek with the back of his knuckles. I went very still, unsure of what this man was capable of, uncertain of how I felt about him. Uncertain of what he would do to me, or what he wanted from me. 
And why? 
Sean's touch was soft and careful. The look in his eyes was passionate, yet cold. His fingers combed into my hair and his hand cupped the back of my head. He drew me into his mouth. 
His kiss was kind, at first, but then it turned hard and cruel. His fingers curled into a fist. With his mouth locked to mine, he raised me up and out of the chair. He crushed me against his body with his other arm.
But I didn't care.
Sean's obsession and desire for me, combined with my need to be near him, was all that suddenly mattered. I never mattered to anyone before. I never knew love beyond the borders of my wild imagination, and it didn't matter that the man who showed theses things to me was some kind of demon. Especially since I had never known anything beyond my world of monsters and madness. It simply did not matter. I had demons too and I needed to be loved. I feared myself and I still loved me.
So what would be so wrong with loving Sean?
Sean released my mouth, but he kept me held against him in his arm. He gazed down at my face. When our eyes met, I was certain that loving this man   --or what ever he was--   was definitely possible. And I was certain that in his presence was were I truly belonged.
That was it, the thing I could not put my finger on, the thing that was different now. I needed to be near him.
I stayed very still, unsure of what to expect or what to think. I only wanted to focus on that look in his eyes, that powerful, possessive look that said I meant everything in the world to him. Right now, I didn't need to understand it. I just wanted to drink it in. I wanted to drown in it. If Sean were to keep this look in his eye, I was certain I would be able to overlook all the weird, blood-drinking, voodoo-like magic stuff.
I felt my body shiver in Sean's arm. He smiled down at me, as if pleased by my fear for him. His finger traced the line of my face, slow and casual, like he could stare at me forever and never see enough of me. "I have waited for you, for so long," he said softly. "But I can not be in your presence any longer." He let go of me and backed away. "Not when there is a bed so near. You must rest. Sleep. I will keep you safe there, in your dreams, as well." Sean strode to the door. He was half way across the room when the door opened up all on its own.
Confusion began to stir inside me. It whirled and grew, as I watched him walk away from me. I wanted to escape him and, yet, I did not want him to leave me. The further away from me he got, the more uncomfortable I became. I had no understanding as to why, but I needed him near me. Needed. Needed more than wanted. And he was walking away. Putting distance between us. Horrible, depth-less distance.
My insides grumbled in discomfort. 
"But I want to go home!" I blurted. I was desperate. I heard it in my voice, heard it in the urgency that saturated my words. But why? Was I desperate to escape him when I was so desperate to put an end to the unfamiliar ache inside me that his distance was creating?
"In the morning, I will grant you your wish, My Little One. But as for tonight, you will sleep," Sean said, stopping when he reached the threshold.
"I don't want to be locked in. I will stay here tonight. I won't sneak out, I promise. Just don't lock me in," I said. I felt desperate now, but for reasons I now more understood. He had no idea just how much I did not like feeling trapped. It wasn't that I had a phobia of being in closed-in places. No, it was the trapped feeling I could not handle. After my mother took me away from Barron, I vowed to myself that no one would ever imprison me again. And here I was, feeling imprisoned by Sean.
"It is not you getting out that brings me to locking the door. It is what could come in," he said. Then he was gone. And the door closed behind him.
"What could get in?" I asked the walls around me, hoping that they didn't actually answer me. I was already feeling very uneasy. If the walls started talking to me, I'd really be afraid. 
I climbed onto the bed, fearful of what might be lurking beneath it. I crawled quickly under the covers and curled up into a ball. I threw the blankets over my head and made a crack in the cocoon so that I could see out into the room.
I laid there for a very long time, forcing myself not to think about things, before I finally closed my eyes and went to sleep.
****
Chapter Ten
Sean


While Luna slept peaceably, Sean lie beside her, gently stoking her hair, her face, the bare, soft skin of her arm. An arm he was certain would look far more attractive with shades of purple coloring the skin. The prints of his hand marking her delicate flesh. She was beautiful now, just the way she was, but Sean was certain she would soon be beyond beautiful, once she wore his scars.
His insides leapt happily with that thought. There was nothing that could enhance Luna's beauty more than a few subtle reminders marking her flesh, reminding her as to whom she belonged and whom she must obey. Sean was confident that Luna would need lots of reminders. She was unruly and feisty. But this was ok. Sean was more than excited about teaching her the error of her ways. And her unruly, feisty nature would certainly add interesting dimensions to their relationship. 
Sean smiled.
He had been lying beside her all night. He had been there from the time he had closed and locked the door. Only, she hadn't recognized him. And of course she wouldn't. Not unless he allowed her to.
As difficult as it was not to ravish her, leaving a beautiful, young virgin alone in a dwelling full of blood-hungry warlocks was a bad idea. He could not be certain that a Son of Hallow wouldn't be so enthralled by Luna that he would be willing to suffer his high priest's wrath for touching her. More than likely, no one would dare cross the high priest or displease him in any shape or form, but Sean was not going to take any chances. As far as he was concerned,  Luna was not safe. Not even from him self. 
Luna had a way of moving people in ways that were uncommon to the female species. He had witnessed it. Throughout her entire life, Luna has enchanted those who've come in contact with her. Luna had always been able to unknowingly cast her spell over any man. Sean believed in the possibility that any one of his warlocks would be willing to suffer their high priest's wrath for simply just one touch, one feel of this magnificent creature that was now sprawled out upon his bed. It was no wonder his brother was so infatuated with her and that his other brothers were envious.
"I will be watching you, My Little One," Sean whispered, feathering his finger over her cheek, down the ridge of her jaw, to the place at her neck where he had drawn from her. He could feel her blood coursing through the vein he had punctured so terribly long ago. He closed his eyes, inwardly trembling with weakness.
Oh, how I long to hurt you!
Sean could barely contain himself. His lust for her fear for him burned like a raging fire in his blood. He could not wait to drink from her fear. He had waited so long. And last night, with that tainting, bitter drug coursing through her body, combined with the absence of pain and fear-infused plasma lipids,   simply was not satisfying. Not in the least. 
He could not wait to taste the sweet flavor of her terror to its fullest extent.
In his mind's eye, a picture flashed of her and Dammon holding hands, and hot, wild rancor lashed through him.
Dammon will die a long and painful death, if he does not heed my warning! Sean assured himself. His finger trailed slowly down Luna's soft neck. And then, I will lay you down in bloody grass, and I will take from you what you hold most sacred and dear. Your snow-melt. I will consummate our binding in the blood of my vengeance!
"If I can wait that long, that is, to have my way with you," Sean whispered through clenched teeth. "My brother lusts for you as I do, Little One. But he can not have you. He will never have you. You are mine, not his! Mine since birth!"
Sean pushed away from her and went to the tall mirror in the corner of his bedchamber. His image reflected back at him. "Brother, I summon you," he ordered, squaring his shoulders and straightening his spine. He could not look weak. Not in front of his brother. Not that it mattered. All of his brothers had access to his thoughts. He could not hide what they have already glimpsed. They already knew that Luna was his greatest weakness. There would be no hiding that now, even if he did cloak his thoughts where his brothers could not hear them.
It did not take long for the black cloud to begin to swirl in the mirror. It was his brother's Darkness. It slithered like a bloated, wild snake over Sean's image. It spiraled around Sean's body, before finally taking its true form. Black wings appeared first, stretching out from the black cloud and taking shape in the mirror. At first the image appeared to look as though the wings belonged to Sean. But then the body took shape. A body much larger than Sean's. Blue-black obsidian eyes glared hatefully at him from the mirror.
"You will pay for this, Rune!" The voice of his brother boomed, rattling the glass in the frame of the mirror, reminding Sean that Bane, the first born son of Lucifer, was mightier than the demon, Rune, the second-born son of Lucifer, who possessed Sean.
Sean smiled, spitefully. There was not much separation, if any at times, between Rune and him self. What pleased rune, pleased Sean, and it pleased him to anger Bane this way. Although, it was not difficult to bring Bane to anger. The Prince of The Prince of the Power of Air was quite irascible.
"I do not fear you, Brother. And we will never meet. Father and The Messiah of the Witches has already decided your fate, now haven't they? Aradia has seen to it that you will, for eternity, serve her daughter, Devine and her coven-to-be. You will never leave Sleepy Hallow, Bane. Only through possession, will there be an escape for you. Aradia knows the two of us should be separated. Our paths will never cross." In mock pity, Sean shook his head.
"You do not love her! You know that I have loved her long and true, Brother. Why do you do this? Why?" Bane's wings twitched. The darkness around him moved to the rhythm of his anger. The things he could do. The power his Darkness possessed made Sean green with envy.
"You are correct, dear brother. I do not love the little one. How angry would our father be if not one but two of his sons disgrace Him by breaking his cardinal rule? You should know I would never betray our father. Only do I desire to play. And believe me, I will play, Bane. And there isn't anything you can do to stop me."
"You have already betrayed our father! Was it not spelled out so perfectly clearly that the summoned sons of Lucifer where not to harm a Coven of Hallows' priestess or high priest? You have betray him! You have harmed the Hylander. You have possessed him for far too long and you know that will destroy him. Do not try to convince me that our father's desires are any concern to you. You love her! Whether you admit to it or not!"
"Has our father not betrayed us? Has he not forsaken us? What kind of father allows his sons to be slaves to a coven of mortals? Do not think, not even for a moment, that our father could not release us from The Coven this very instant. It is his magic that makes their wards impenetrable to us. They are nothing compared to him. Nothing! And do not think that Aradia's territorial spells could possibly keep us imprisoned if Father would wish for us to be free!" Then, in a much more calmer voice, he added, "But he doesn't, does he Bane? If he does not have a care in his being about his sons then why in the hell should we have a care for him? And, here's a side note to think about: If we were to be free from The Coven of Hallows, where, then, dear brother, would we be? Ruling at our father's side in Hades Realm, in our father's kingdom? " Sean paused, giving Bane a moment to respond. But he didn't. He didn't because he knew Sean was right. "Is not imprisoned by a coven of mortals not much more entertaining than our father's presence? Are we not freer here?" Sean knew Bane knew he was right. But, of course, the brute was not about to admit it.  
"Release the body of the Hylander in which you reside, Rune. Your time in him has long since expired. You know the rules."
Sean laughed. "Rules? As a matter of fact, I believe I do. The rule is that there are no rules. Except one; know no love. I know no love. I break no rules."
"You will destroy the Hylander!"
"You could care less about the Hylander. You may have gone soft on Luna Lanchester, but you are still a son of Lucifer. You possess the torrid lust for pain and fear even more than I do. Your desire for pain and fear will never leave you, Bane. It is a gift from our father. One we can not return. You can think you love your Lady Moon all you like. But it will never change who you are. It will never change what you would be to her, if you were ever to be given the chance to be anything other than the Dark Angel of her dreams. A demon. You are a demon, Bane. One far greater than I could ever be. And if you were in my stead, I am confident that you would not resist the inbreed desire to hurt her. No matter the love. And besides, it is too late for the Hylander, and you know this. The Hylander and I have  merged long ago. Without my possession, he will waist away and go back to the dust from whence he came. He needs me now."
"You can not take her from me!"
"And yet, I already have, Bane. Not only have I taken her from you, I have bound her to me as well. Oh yes! She will ache for me in my absence. How will that make you feel, Brother? Your Lady Moon aching for another man?" Sean laughed. But his laughter was cut short by more words. "Face it. Accept it. You will never be more to her than a ghost in her dreams, a figment of her imagination. She will never know you are real."
"I am the oldest. I am far more powerful than you. Do not fool yourself, Rune. I can destroy you, and you know this. And I can unbind you."
"Most certainly, you can. But you wont. Unfortunately for you, our paths will never cross. Luna and I must be within your grasp in order for you to be able to unbind us. Luna will never be yours, Bane. Now go on, find your own little toy and forget about her. And stay out of her dreams, or I will see to it that Luna's punishments will be quite theatrical. And you would not like that, would you, Bane? Watching her suffer, watching me take my fill, while all you can do is watch."
"Curse you!" Bane's voice rattled the mirror, frame and all. It nearly tipped backward from the force of his anger. Hair-line fractures splintered out around the image of Bane's face, crackling and spider-webbing through the glass, from one side of the frame to the other. "There are others capable of giving you this, Rune. Others capable of feeding you!"
"Yes, our lust for fear. And we must not forget about the pain, dear Brother. How we need induce the pain, us sadists. Tell me that you do not desire feeding from her, Bane. Tell me that you would not indulge in your primal, most base instincts to do all you can to feed your hungry soul! You can't. How would you expect me to be any different, Brother? Especially since I am no where near as strong as you. Besides, have you never noticed her titillating scent?  Never had I ever, in my long immortal life, smelled anything more delectable than Luna's blood. It is the smell of her fight. She has quite the fight in her, Brother. And I am here to tell you, there is nothing like her in any realm. I can also tell you that the fight in her will only grow stronger, and in turn, I will only lust for her more. "
"Do not harm her!"
Sean's smile of gratification reflected in the image of one of Bane's wings. "Oh, but I will. Just as you would if you were in my stead."
"No, I would never harm her!"
Sean laughed. "Only for a spell, perhaps. But you could not deny yourself for very long, the things of which are the core of our existence. Born from that evil we were. Part of that evil we are. Slaves to that evil we shall always be. Terror and pain are only but a few of the many evils we can not live without. We hunger painfully for their presence. Does not that need burn in our veins like hell fire? No matter how well we are fed, never will it be enough. Never will we be satisfied. For eternity we will suffer with this uncontrollable craving. As powerful as you may be, Bane, even you can not go against our true design. Now, go away with you, Brother. I am feeling rather famished." Sean turned his back to the mirror, causing the image to swirl away against Bane's will.
"Voracious, would be more precise a word for it," Sean said to himself, as his gaze took in the impeccable beauty in his bed.
Always so voracious!
****
Chapter Eleven
Luna


A bed tray full of fruit and eggs, muffins and bagels, sausage and pancakes topped with whipped cream awaited me when I awoke. It was probably the smell of food that caused me to wake. I was famished. But I was hesitant to eat. I sat up, pulling the tray to my side, examining the delicious spread of food. My stomach complained, so I plucked a sausage link up off the silver plate and devoured it. Then, like a pig, I wolfed down the eggs.
Then the pancakes.
Then the bagels.
Then the muffin.
I kept on going until there was nothing left on the plate except for a smidgen of whipped cream. 
I looked around the room, making sure no one was there to witness what I was about to do. Then I brought the plate to my face and licked up the whipped cream until the plate had a clean-from-the-cupboard look to it.
That's when I noticed the bandages on my wrists. I paused, still holding the plate near my face, my breath bouncing off the silver. My mind felt much clearer and crisper than it had last night. I remembered the sharp, jagged bands that cut into my arms, and it all came rushing back to me. Except for the fact that Sean had bitten me, I still couldn't remember the stuff that happened while my mind felt like a scrambled egg, due to the drug I had been given. But what I could remember I remembered clearly.
I discarded the plate without thought and lifted my jeans at the ankle to find more bandages. I glanced around the room. Finding what I was looking for, I rushed out of bed and across the room to the mirror. It was broken, like someone had punched it, but I could still see my reflection. 
And I was startled to discover that I didn't look like a complete mess. My hair had been combed. My skin had been cleaned of blood. I tipped my head to the side, moving silky, soft strands of white hair away from my neck. I wiped the unmarred flesh with the palm of my hand, growing even more confused. How could have Sean bitten me and not left a mark? Had I imagined the whole thing? Had I been given an hallucinogen? Was last night just a dream?
I knew in my heart that it wasn't an hallucination or a dream.
So then where were the teeth marks?
What exactly happened to me? And why the freak did I need to be near Sean? I craved him. I wanted him to come into this room and just be near me. That's all. He just needed to stand there. Ok, maybe he needed to look at me with that adoration in his eyes, too. I liked that when he did that. I liked it a lot, actually.
But I had to get out of there.  
I went to the door, but before I could even reach it, it opened up in front of me. 
And there he was. 
Oh, yes! And the ache was now gone.
Sean was standing in the doorway. He was dressed in black. His silky, onyx hair was held back in a ponytail, enhancing the intensity of his sapphire eyes. Which, I just now noticed, were laced with copper. A brilliant copper color circled the edges of his irises. I had never seen anything like it before. 
Sean was just so breathtakingly gorgeous! 
I remembered the power he displayed to me last night. A glimpse of the magic he was capable of. The look he held in his eyes. The kiss. That remarkable, unforgettable kiss. 
I stood near the threshold, confused. I knew I needed to get away from him, but yet I couldn't. Right here, with him standing before me, that horrible ache was gone. For reasons I did not understand, my body craved being in his presence. There was an indestructible connection between him and I. Where it had come from, I had no flipping clue! But as sure as I was breathing, it was there. I couldn't even fake the fact that I didn't feel bound to him in some strange way.
Bound---
"You are anxious to leave me so soon?" he questioned me. I had a feeling he was standing there watching the battle taking place inside me. I had a feeling he knew that I did not have a simple answer to his question. 
Pulled out of the mess that was my thoughts, I focused my attention on him. Sean smiled. Softness glittered in his eyes. Adoration lightened his heavy gaze. 
No one had ever adored me before. 
This look in his eyes melted away the urgency to flee from him. My mind was made up. As complicated as it was, I was not going to leave him. I was not going to stay away from him. At least, not until I solved the mystery that shrouded him and I.
"You said you would take me home in the morning." I gestured to the window, to the thin strip of light that splashed on the floor. "It's morning."
Sean took one step into the room. 
Instinctively, I tensed. He seemed to notice. He seemed to be studying me closely.
"You will find, soon enough, that I am a man of my word," he said. While he watched me with that intense, calculating, gaze, he took one more step into the room and then stopped, as if to evaluate my reaction.
I really didn't want him coming any closer. I knew it was silly, especially when I longed to feel his strong arms around me and all but physically ached to be kissed by him again. But I just couldn't deny, no matter how tough and fearless I convinced myself I was at times, that Sean Hylander frightened me.
"Can we go then?" My tension was evident in the tone of my voice. Even if it wasn't, I was certain Sean could see it, that he could see right through my flesh and into messy mind.
I shivered.
Sean did not answer me. Instead, he held out his large hand for me to take. My heart ticked a little faster with the thought of bringing myself near to him, of taking his hand.
Instead of taking the hand he was offering me, I laced my fingers together to try to keep them from noticeably trembling. 
"Please, just tell me," I said. 
The look of compassion and affection in his eyes told me he did not want to deny me anything, that he would hand me the moon if it was within his power to do so. But for some reason, answering this particular question, seemed more difficult for him than acquiring the moon would have been.
Sean straightened his spine, looking even taller and larger than before. The mounds of his chest strained against the gauzy, black fabric of his shirt. For a moment, I wondered what he looked like without one. I was only curious because I had never seen a man so big as Sean before. Of course there was Bane, who was bigger, by far, but Bane did not count. Bane was not in my real world. He existed solely in my dreams. He was simply a concoction of my wild and crazy imagination, spawned by my desire to be desired for what was hidden beneath my skin instead of what was on its surface.
I had to find a way to let Bane go and to reclaim my heart so that I had one to offer the man who stood before me now.
"What happened last night, you need not concern yourself with," Sean said. The finality in his tone told me that he was not about to explain to me what happened last night and why he had me bound to an X-shaped table.
Bound--- 
"Will you tell me where you're from?"
"Stone Haven, Greenland, where this castle is from. I had it brought here. Stone by stone.
"Wow," I said, looking around at the multi-colored stones that created the walls around me. Though the room should have seemed cold and drab, it was really warm and full of character. "But why go through all that trouble? Moving a castle probably wasn't really all that easy!"
"This was my home there. When The Coven discerned there needed to be a hive here in Burling and requested it be mine, I gladly obliged. But I was not leaving Greenland without my home. I do not leave behind the things that I adore." Sean said. The smile on his face, in his eyes, made him look like a normal, happy, demon-less man. It made me smile back at him. But then I had to remind myself that in my world, demons were normal. And this man, Sean Hylander, definitely belonged amongst the demonic.
"Why would you choose this nothing-little-town over a place like Greenland?"
"One town in one state is all we are allowed. No more than that. Our hives need great separation. We work better together when we are apart. Burling was the last available place to establish a coven stead. There can be no more hives split from The Hallow's Coven. Therefor, Burling brought me that much closer to you, Little One."
What he said was only just another piece of the puzzle to this mystery that I needed to solve. I would have asked him what he meant by this, but I was certain he would not have given me an answer.
Sean moved deeper into the room, toward me. I didn't back away from him this time. As a matter of fact, I longed for his nearness and I held my breath with the anticipation of it. He stopped in front of me. He raised his hand slowly toward my face, watching me again with that intense gaze. He brushed a long strand of white hair away from my shoulder. His eyes released mine and his gaze casually roamed to my neck, to the place where I was certain he had bitten me last night. His gaze lingered there. And for one split second, I would not have minded if he were to sink his teeth into my throat and drink from me. The idea was somehow both frightening and exciting, somehow erotic in a non-sexual way.
But that split second passed, leaving me wondering just how psychotic I really was and believing Sean had something to do with what had just happened. There was absolutely no way in hell I wanted anyone biting my neck and drinking my blood.   
"There was too much space between Greenland and you," he said.
"But you came to Burling long before I did."
"True. Certain things must play out before certain things can unfold. Destiny is not always unwritten. You and I have been woven into the very fibers of fate and its unfurling."
"What does that mean, exactly?"
"I will just say, Adeline moving you to Burling came to no surprise to me. I saw it's unfolding into fruition, and waited   --impatiently, I must add--   for that day you would came to me in Oak Park."
"But, I didn't come to you."
"Yes, unknowingly, you did, Little One. And by coming to me, you have set off fate's unfurling. The beginning of the rest of our long life together, began when you climbed the bank of Moss River and came to me."
I wasn't sure what to say. And the whole thing about Sean knowing me long before I actually met him felt like a part of the mystery that I would never be able to solve. And who the heck was he to imply that I would spend a very long life with him?
"Why me? I really want to know how, but---"
Sean put a thick finger to my lips to silence me. "Shhhh . . . no more questions, Little One. They are irritating me. And believe me when I say that you will not like to be the one who irritates me."
"Why do you have to call me that?" I complained, only to realize I had asked yet another question. But Sean didn't seem to get upset with me. He smiled, actually. Then he took me by the shoulders and turned me around. From across the room I could see our reflections in the shattered mirror. How wide and thick Sean was in comparison to me. How he towered over me and made me look so much smaller than I actually was.
"Because my Little One you have always been," Sean said, catching my gaze in the mirror. Even from this far away, I could see the adoration in his eyes. I was going to tell him that his answer was pretty lame, but he turned me back around to face him. Then his mouth covered mine and the words were stolen right off my lips. I was locked against him, secured to him by his arms. He kissed me sweetly, softly. Then, all too soon, it was over.
"If I do not get you home, and soon, while it is still morning, you will have made a liar out of me." He took my hand in his and tangled his fingers with mine. "And that will not please me, Little One."
Sean led me out of his bedchamber. And although I was happy to be going home, I dreaded the coming of that awful ache that I knew would materialize inside me once he was gone.
****
Chapter Twelve
Luna


Sean drove me home in his silver Cadillac. He didn't say a word to me the entire way there. It was a long drive down a slithering road that bordered Whisper Forest. But the silence was fine by me. There was a lot going on inside my head. I needed some time to think, to try to put some of the pieces together. But with still so many pieces missing, the puzzle wasn't fitting together yet.
Sean escorted me to the door of my house. I said goodbye and turned to go inside when suddenly he grabbed me by the elbow and pulled me roughly back to him. He pinned me to the wall next to the door. His fingers curled around my neck and his face appeared directly in front of mine. 
"Remember," he whispered. His nostrils spread just slightly and he closed his eyes, breathing in deeply.
My breath hitched in my throat. It had gotten stuck where his fingers had curled around me.
Sean opened his eyes and looked at me. The brilliant copper color that laced the Sapphire of his irises made him look inhuman. 
"I will not tolerate you speaking to Dammon. Or anyone, for that matter. Do you understand me?" Sean's fingers tightened around my throat. My hands instinctively went to his. I tried to pry his fingers loose, but it only caused him to squeeze my throat even harder.
"Answer me when I speak to you, Little One," he said. His tone was calm and casual, but the ice was there. The danger. The threat. 
The promise.
"I understand," I choked out the words.
"Good girl. Now remove your hands from mine. I did not give you permission to touch me."
I quickly dropped my hands. I could barely breathe. I was well aware of the fact that Sean could crush my neck with an effortless squeeze or simply hold me like this for a little while longer until I suffocated.
Sean loosened his grip on my throat. I dragged in a breath. With his fingers still curled around my neck, he covered my mouth with his. He kissed me hard on the lips. It was not sweet like the last kiss. It was cruel and punishing. And it was not over quick enough.
"I will be back for you tonight," he said. Then he let go of my neck, giving me a little sideways push that sent me stumbling clumsily into the doorway. I did not watch Sean leave. I was stunned by his unexpected attack and felt a little disoriented. I caught a glimpse of Dammon, who was standing on his deck, before I slammed the door shut behind me.
As the shock quickly wore off and an instant replay went off in my mind, I felt compelled to run after Sean and punch him in the nose or something. But I heard his car drive away and knew it was too late for retaliation. 
It was not like me to stand there and simply take it. It used to be. I was taught how to do that. Taught that if I was a quiet, good little girl, I would endure less pain. But after Barron hung me from the cross, I broke. I changed. Something inside of me   --the demons perhaps--  rose up from that dark and spooky place inside me and changed my life forever. I had made a vow that I would always fight back. Always, no matter the cost
But it happened so fast. Sean was quick. He attacked me before I even saw it coming. I didn't even sense it coming. And usually I sensed stuff like that. I had to. It was one of the my many survival techniques I had learned over the years.   
There would be a next time, though. I was confident about this. And next time I would show him that I might be a little one, but dynamite comes in small packages.
I was growing more and more agitated by the moment. I slammed my bedroom door and started dumping boxes out onto the floor, not realizing what I was looking for until I recognized the dire need to write. I knew I hadn't stuffed my journal into one of the boxes. I knew I'd lost it in the park somewhere, but desperation drove me to looking for it anyway. I shuffled through the small mountain of my belongings on the floor, but didn't find the little black notebook anywhere.
And my frustrations were growing.
I slammed the door on my way out of my room then slammed the door to the trailer on my way out of the house. In a tantrum, I stomped through the grass to the rear of the yard then threw open the metal slider-door to the steel shed. Sure, I cared about having lost my journal, but I was beyond the point where writing would do anything to improve my mood now. 
I needed speed. 
Lots of speed.
The forty-one Knucklehead Harley Davidson twinkled in the light of the sun, giving me a purple wink, letting me know that she missed me too. I straddled her and then lifted her up off the kick-stand. I hadn't forgotten that Addy had grounded me from my bike until she saw an improvement in my attitude. I usually respected her, no matter how ignorant she was. But I just didn't care at the moment. And Addy was never going to see improvement in my attitude, even if it was possible that I could improve it. 
It was slightly uncomfortable, but I kicked the Harley to life with my bare foot, thankful that she was so willing to start, so willing to fly with me. I about cried happy tears when she rumbled loudly and her body reverberated through mine. She purred like a lion. I cranked my wrist, and she growled like a beast. There was just no turning back now. Addy would just have to deal with it.
I took off out of the shed like I had a rocket in my pocket. My back tire peeled up grass when I took the turn sideways coming out of the yard and onto the gravel street of the trailer park. I flew down the road, leaving a giant plume of dust behind me. Wind combed wildly through my hair. Trailer houses zipped past me in my peripheral vision. Once I turned left onto the pavement and was on the Highway, I was able to open her up. I flew down the road, heading east so fast that it was hard to keep my eyes open. The wind tried to lick them closed and they watered continuously. 
But it was at this crazy speed where I was always able  to calm myself down. 
Sean's behavior toward me and the fact that I felt so restrained in my response to his actions bothered me quite deeply. 
I was a fighter. 
I always have been. 
I always will be. 
I wanted to fight back when Sean bullied me around. But in each situation I found myself incapable of fighting back. What was I to do when his fingers gripped my neck? What was I to do when he punched me in the side of the head and knocked me out cold? What was I to do when he drugged me and bound me to a table? Sean was so strong that I had no doubt he could damage me severely with just one hand. He'd barely have to put any effort into it. Heck, he could probably damage me severely without any hands. He could probably just look at me and hurt me. Like he made the door close, the window close, the lantern come to life, the chair move all on its own.  Just by wanting these things to happen, Sean was capable of making these things happen.
On the outskirts of Burling, Highway Nine was a long stretch of road that went on for miles and mile with nothing but cornfields on one side and sunflower fields on the other The land was flatter than Addy's attempt at pancakes. I longed for something more challenging, like a mountain road with all of its glorious, sharp twists and turns. But for now, the simplicity of the wind whistling through my toes and whipping in my hair would just have to do. 
And it did. It helped me to calm down. Even if it was only a little bit.
But I had to go back. I should have respected Addy's wishes and not have even gone. 
I was very relieved when I got back to the trailer park and saw that Addy's  blue Volvo was not parked at the curb.
But I was not so excited when I saw the mess I'd made of the lawn. Addy would probably notice the tire tracks and the tore-up grass. I was as good as busted. Addy was going to find out I went for a little joy-ride after she specifically told me not to.
Freak!
As difficult as it was, I managed to close my bike back inside the metal shed. 
In the dark. 
All alone. 
I understood how she felt, being in the darkness all alone. Except, I wasn't really alone in my darkness. I had company. I had evil companionship. Which made my aloneness even fuller and more defined.
I turned around to go back to my house when I saw a figure standing in my yard on top of the scar that I'd left in the grass. I was startled at first, thinking it was Addy for a split second. 
Then I realized that it was Dammon.
Sadness flooded through me. I had totally forgotten about his existence. And seeing him now, remembering his music, his breeze through my leaves, how wonderful I felt in his company, How safe he was, saddened me deeply. 
How could have I forgotten about him?
The answer to that question really didn't matter, though. I couldn't see him any more. I had to tell him goodbye, even though we'd barely gotten the chance to say hello. 
And I didn't like this. It didn't feel right. 
"I'm not supposed to talk to you, remember?" I said grudgingly. I knew it wasn't his fault, but I couldn't seem to keep my frustration hidden. 
Before he could say anything, before the music of his voice could drift me away, before I could rebel against Sean, I walked swiftly passed Dammon and headed up the steps to my porch, deciding that I would be ignoring him from here on out. It didn't take a genius to figure out that Sean was a dangerous man. I didn't want Dammon to get hurt, but I especially didn't want him to get hurt because of me.
"What happened to your wrists, Luna?" Dammon asked. Even though there was a shard of sharpness in his tone, his musical voice still threatened to carry me away.
Oh, how I wanted it to! Oh, how it would have been so wonderful to drift as far away from me as I could drift. With him. A man who was an anomaly to me. A gentle man. A safe man.
Wholly freak, they did exist, gentle men! And one was standing right there in my front yard.  
Moments later I realized just how stupid I was for believing in such a crazy thing as a gentle man.
"It's none of your business. Go away," I said. At the top of the steps, I stopped and looked at him from over my shoulder. I glared at him, projecting all my frustration toward him. I was only a little aware of the fact that I wanted, more than anything, for him to fix this. I didn't want to have to say good bye to Dammon. 
Dammon stuffed his fingers into the pockets of his blue jeans, leaning slightly to one side. The sun put sparkles in his sky-blue eyes. The breeze lifted his hair away from his face. 
Who was I kidding? I couldn't ignore Dammon. The way he stood there like that, so angelic-like, made it seem as though the sky beyond him was embracing him. Maybe he truly was an angel. Maybe the sky missed his beautiful, peaceful presence, and that's why it was hugging him like that. 
How could I deny myself of that peace that radiated from his being? How could I deny myself of breezes through leaves and a magic that once only existed in my fairytale dreams?
"If you can tell me that you want me to go away, and you can actually mean it, then I will. I promise. You will never see me again."
I swallowed hard and quickly said the words before my throat could close up on them. "Go. Away!"
Dammon grinned at me. "I said you had to mean it."
I turned around, went inside my box-cluttered house and slammed the door behind me. I barely got across the living room before there was a knock on the door.
"Go away! There, see? I actually meant it this time," I yelled, spinning around to face the door.
"I don't know, Luna. I just aint feeling it." Dammon's voice came through the door. He was now standing right on the other side of it. 
So close. Yet, still so far away.
"Go! Away!
In the silence that followed, I thought that he had actually gone away like I told him to. The sadness intensified, solidifying in my belly like curing concrete.
"Nay, still isn't working for me, sorry. It was good though, I have to admit. I think you would have convinced me if I weren't such a darn good people reader," Dammon said.
I smiled, excited to discover that he was still there. On impulse, I walked back to the door and touched my palm against it. I wanted to let him in. I didn't want him to go away.
"I could stand out here all day, maybe even wave at Sean as he drives by to spy on you."
I quickly opened the door, grabbed Dammon by the collar, yanked him inside and then quickly closed the door behind him. "You're crazy, Dammon! Do you have a death wish or something? You really need to stay away from me!"
"But that is not what you want."
"No. It's not what I want," I said, in a barely audible voice. "I enjoy your company."
"Me too."
"You enjoy your own company?" I tweaked a brow at him.
"Well, absolutely. I'm a good guy, once I get to know myself."
"You gotta be, like, gay, or something."
"Why? There can't be any good guys out there?"
"There's no such thing!"
"Well, I am on the endangered species list, so I have heard," he said.
"You really shouldn't be here, Dammon. As much as I enjoy your company, it's still hazardous to your health. He said he would kill you, and I believe him. He's totally insane, Dammon! Totally insane. And I believe he's totally capable of murder."
"Is he capable of murdering you?" Dammon asked. His smile evaporated. His eyes moved to my temple where Sean had struck me. He raised his hand, and I flinched at his touch. I held my breath while his thumb carefully brushed across my cheek bone, just beneath my green eye. The connection his flesh made with mine created such an illusion of elation that I was totally, 100% convinced that there was a heaven and that it was right here in the palm of Dammon's hand. This startled me, the extent of this emotion, and I stepped backward, as if physically distancing myself would put me in an emotionally safe range. I really needing this feeling to go away before it changed me forever.
Dammon lowered his hand, keeping his eyes in mine while he took my arm and raised my bandaged wrist up between us. "I know you may find this hard to believe, but Sean is possessed by a demon, Luna. My mother is certain of it. And this," he glanced at my wrist and then settled his eyes back in mine, "is only the beginning."
I pulled my hand out of Dammon's grasp. "Sean doesn't want me dead," I said defensively. "Sean is just a little lost, that's all. We're all a little lost. Stop worrying about me, Dammon. Just stop the freaking worrying, alright?"
"Are you so accustomed to this type of behavior that you can actually be ok with the way he treats you?"
I reflexively thought about Barron. The answer to Dammon's question was yes. But even if Dammon knew the hell I had lived thus far, even if he was right there, watching it all happen, I just knew he still would not understand. Yes, I was accustomed to this type of behavior. It was all I ever knew. It did dot scare me as much as it would someone who had lived a sheltered life. Anything else   --a gentle man--   would have been out of my comfort zone. Sean was fit very snugly within my comfort zone.
"What have you been through?" Dammon asked, exasperated. "I would really like to know."
I dropped my chin. There was just no way I could tell him. It was awful and ugly, and I never wanted to deliberately breathe life into those monsters again.
Dammon turned my wrists up, exposing the scars that marked my forearms. Then he uncurled my fingers, holding on to the tips of them to expose the scars in my palms. 
"You can tell me, Luna." Dammon tipped his head to one side, peeking at me through my hair, and I felt the path he had left inside of me burst with colorful emotions.
But there was nothing I could do about how I felt for Dammon. I had to find a way to let him go. Just like I had to find a way to let Bane go.
"You're a guy. Guys are mean. Of course I can't tell you," I said. I moved away from Damon and opened the door, silently asking him to leave. But Dammon just stood there, staring at me as if he was trying to figure something out. He must have either accomplished that or had given up, because I watched his expression move into something a little more confident-looking.
"My name is Dammon Small. I am twenty years old and the black sheep of Burling. Do you want to know why? My favorite past time is composing music. I do not drink. I do not smoke. I don't do drugs. And I keep to myself because misery loves company, and since I have none of that, I have no company. I was not raised in a dysfunctional family. I was not abused or mistreated in anyway as a child, and I have no genetic disabilities or abnormalities that label me clinically insane or psychotic or any other issue that is out there in this world today. I am not one of them. I am different. And maybe to a wild girl like you, nothing that I've said to describe myself is exciting enough. But the point is, I will not hurt you. And no matter what this violent, crazy world has taught you, we are out there, you know. Angels. And if you were to just climb up over that wall you've constructed inside yourself, just even for one second, you would see me for the man I truly am, rather than the man you fear me to be."
"None of this matters, Dammon. None of it! All that cool stuff you just said. So what? What difference does any of it make? We can't be together. We can't even talk to one another. And I'm pretty sure I couldn't leave Sean even if I want to. Now, you need to go."
Dammon just looked at me for a moment. The finality in my tone was reflecting back to me through his eyes. 
I hurt him. The expression on his face was telling me so. 
"I'm right there, across the yard, if you ever need anything," he said. Then he swept passed me, like a warm breeze in autumn, whispering a promise of winter's coming.
I closed the door, wondering if I would ever see Dammon again, wondering if I'd ever find heaven in the palm of anyone else's hand.
"Good bye, Dammon Small," I whispered to the door, and a single tear trickled down my face.
****
Chapter Thirteen
Luna


The rest of the day crept by slowly. I had decided that unpacking Addy and I's belongings would be a good way to keep my mind off everything, or at least slow it down a little bit. I started in the kitchen, unpacking our eclectic dinnerware and tired old pots and pans. It was difficult, at first, keeping myself tethered to the house and not going across the yard to talk to Dammon. I missed him already. But I missed Sean, too.
And I also missed Bane. 
It felt like forever had passed since Bane had come to me in my dreams. Maybe he believed me when I told him that I hated him and never wanted to see him again.
Oh, please, Bane! Please don't believe me!
He wouldn't. Bane had always known me even better than I'd  known myself. Of course he knew I didn't hate him or want him to go away. 
So then, where was he? 
I realized how stupid this was. Bane was not real. As difficult as it was sometimes to convince myself of this, he did not exist. Maybe Bane was a temporary companion, something I had concocted to appease my loneliness. And now that I had Sean, I didn't need Bane. This made a lot of sense, but it just didn't feel right.
I finished unpacking the kitchen and then gathered the empty boxes and set them outside on the porch. The living room was next. Since Addy and I hardly owned anything, the living room would be easy. 
I thought about what Addy and I owned, as I dove into box number one and pulled out a glass vase. Barron was filthy rich. His house was beautiful and big and filled with expensive things. And here we were, living in a run-down trailer house with thrift store dishes, curb-side furniture and an empty refrigerator. It just didn't seem fair!
But I would rather have nothing at all than be back there, in Barron's prison of horrors.
Addy's laughter filled the living room. At first I thought she was laughing inside my head, laughing at my thoughts, but then I turned to find her coming in the door with a tall, thin man who was laughing with her. I hadn't met Addy's boyfriend, so I was only assuming that this was him. Addy was supper-model beautiful, which made this odd looking man look so out of place beside her.
"Luna! I'm so glad you're here," Addy said, excitedly. I rolled my eyes at her, because   --yeah right--   Addy was never excited to see me. I ignored her and went back to unpacking.
"Luna, this is Doug," she spoke to my back. Irritated by Addy's sudden invasion, I turned back around and let out an audible, exaggerated sigh. Doug held out his hand for me to shake, but I did not take it. The man was paper thin and supper tall. He had golden hair that sat in a sideways pile at the top of his elongated head. He had big, bright blue eyes that seemed to bug-out of his elongated face. But despite his dork-like appearance, Doug radiated something warm and friendly. He seemed to be glowing from the inside out. The big smile that stretching from ear-to-ear didn't even fade when I refused to shake his hand.
Instantly, I was curious about him. I couldn't help but wonder if maybe Doug was a gentle man, like Dammon was.
"Doug is a preacher man from out west," Addy said. She was smiling, too. I took a moment to pay a little closer attention to her now. She looked different. Maybe it was the smile. I couldn't remember having ever seen Addy so happy. Even her wispy, auburn hair seemed to be smiling. I took another look at Doug, even more curious now.
Maybe gentle men did exist! But if they did, what were the chances of meeting two of them in just a few days apart?
Luna, you haven't gotten out much in the past seventeen years! You have no idea what the real world is like. There could be gentle men in overabundance on this earth.
I almost laughed. I doubted this very highly.
"A preacher? And what exactly is that?" I asked.
"Someone who teaches the gospel. It's nice to finally meet you, Luna. Your mother has told me so much about you," he said. He had a strong, loud voice that was almost annoying. I was trying to find things not to like about him, but other than his appearance, and the loud voice, I had nothing. Yet.
"I'm sure she did." I cut my eyes at her. "Did she happen to mention that I was a whore? All the drugs and alcohol I get into? How about the fights? I like to fight. I'm pretty much a bitch. A heartless one," I said. Then I went back to minding my own business, setting the vase Addy had gotten from my grandmother in the window sill next to the ratty couch, where the light coming in through the window could play through the strands of black that slithered through the opaque cream like gooey darkness.
"Luna! Shame on you! How could you be so rude?"
I pulled out a few picture frames from the box, trying to ignore her. I had to literally bite my tongue to keep from asking her if she even knew the definition of rude. In my opinion, it was Addy who was rude. Staying with a man who abused her daughter was rude. Turning her cheek and pretending not to notice, was rude. Not to mention, blaming me for having to leave the love of her life. I thought that was kind of rude. But my teeth, grinding hard into my tongue, kept me from telling her these things.
"It's alright, Adeline. We will sit down and talk about this later. Right now, we better be going or we will be late," Doug said. He earned brownie points from me. I liked later. Because later hardly ever came, in situations such as these.
"Stay home, Luna," Addy warned, in her parental tone. "If you are not here when I get home I will pawn that horrible motorcycle of yours." Addy was whisked back out the door. As soon as the door closed behind her, I whirled around on a heel and chucked a picture frame across the room. It hit the door and shattered into pieces. I stood there, staring at the mess I'd made, knowing, with every fiber of my being, that Addy would never understand the damage she had done. By allowing my father to do those things to me, made it half her fault that I had become a monster, and that the demons lived within me.
I dropped my chin. Cold, clammy gloom settled inside me.
I had to get out of there. 
I knew Sean was supposed to be coming for me, but I just couldn't wait for him any longer. I grabbed a new notebook from the kitchen drawer, stuffed a pen in my pocket and left the house in a hurry.
In my gloomy daze, I made my way to Oak Park. But instead of sitting at the river bank and writing as I had intended, I climbed down the part of the bank that took me to the bottom of the dam. The grass was tall. The weeds were thick and lush. I placed the notebook on a rock and took in the sights and smells around me. The scent of fish, moss and mud permeated the air. It was a familiar smell. One that had therapeutic qualities for me. The water fell straight down, crashing into the lower part of the river, causing a cool spray of white, frothy, bubbly Moss-rain. She calmed herself down quite drastically as she writhed her way down-stream toward the bend, where her roaring voice quieted to a more soothing burble. 
She reminded me of myself, how she moved in various ways and forms. Ever-changing. Never quieted. 
I scanned the river's edge for signs of a water-logged notebook, but saw nothing that resembled such a thing. I walked along the water's edge to search the areas invisible from afar, but stopped at the bend in the river, deciding that if it wasn't here it certainly wouldn't be any further down the river. There were so many rocks at the bend. My notebook would have gotten stuck. I knew this partially because the places within me that slowed to a crawl seemed to be where things got stuck. These things would wedge themselves in, like splinters, and fester there for a very long period of time.
I returned to my new notebook, trying to ignore the awful ache in my body, and sat in the grass and the mud. 
I needed Sean. I needed him to take this ache away.
I needed Bane. Bane was home. Bane was who made me whole. Bane was my everything.
I needed Dammon. I needed to rob him of some of his peace. I needed to know that there was such a thing as a gentle man, that the world was not all darkness and misery.
I opened to the second page, pulled the pen from my pocket and words just spilled out of me, leaking from my pen and onto the paper with an un-damming vengeance.

She stood before the raging beast
And combed his wild hair
She faced his fury, eye-to-eye
To bleed, so she did dare

Dance, she did, with demons dark
She'd bathed them in her light
Tasted, yes, the devil's tongue
And danced for his delight

Upon his lips, a blackened soul
A many kiss she'd placed
Poisoning her everything
How bitter sour, his taste

She'd stood before the fires of hell
To sweetly lick his flame
Selflessly, she reached, she touched
She burned in bitter pain
And now she lies here, silently
She'd crawled away to hide
Tortured and so violated
Dead and dark inside

She dreams of him, The Wizard Wise
Who waves his magic wand
Who rides the night on dragon's tail
True love bestowed upon

She dreams of him, The Wizard Wise
Whose face she cannot see
To wake would mean to never find
A love, eternally

And so she'll sleep, forever long
For there, with him, she'll be
While demons drag her flesh and bones
Her heart and soul are free

Without pause, I wrote nine more words and drew a question mark behind them.
How can I love three men at one time?
Writing those last nine words was something like Automatic Writing. I had no idea they were going to leak from my pen. 
I stared at the sentence as if it was a poisonous snake.  I didn't realize that I was in love with any man, let alone three men at the same time. But technically, Bane didn't count, right? He wasn't a man. He wasn't even real. He was a---
What the freak was he?
A demon? An Angel? A demonic angel?
And what about Sean? Was this true? I loved Sean? 
And Dammon too? 
Oh, dang, it was true--- 
This was awful! I was awful. I was a three-timer! 
I lifted my head, believing if I didn't have to look at the words anymore the truth would lift away and be gone. Then I wouldn't have to love anyone.
Something in the corner of my eye caught my attention. I looked up at the rope bridge and saw Sean, leaning on his forearms against the rope rail. He was staring down at me. I quickly closed the notebook to hide its contents, only to figure out that there was no way Sean could read my words from as far away as he was.
But then again, I saw him do some pretty amazing stuff. Maybe he did read what I had written.
My heart sped up a little with the possibility that Sean now knew how I felt about Dammon.
I waved at him, pretending I wasn't guilty of anything,  and I smiled a smile that said I didn't love three men. But Sean didn't wave back at me. He only stared at me. 
It was silly to believe that Sean could have read what I had written, so I was actually able to easily, almost effortlessly, convince myself of this. 
Two of Sean's fingers curled, gesturing me to go to him. I hesitated, wondering what I would do with the notebook. I pushed off the ground and started back up the riverbank. Half way up, I stopped and glanced up at the rope bridge. It was now obscured by the tall grass and weeds. Sean couldn't see me from there. I quickly ripped the pages out and crumpled the paper into a ball. I knelt down and stuffed the wad into the loose, wet earth, burying it in the ground. I tossed the notebook into the grass then continued on my way, hoping I wasn't wrong about Sean reading what I had written.
What would he do if he knew that I thought I was in love with Dammon and Bane?
****
Chapter Fourteen
Luna


Sean didn't greet me when I reached him on the rope bridge. He took me by the elbow and led me to his car. It was parked right at the end of the bridge, like he knew exactly where to find me when he had come looking for me. I found this weird. Maybe even just a little bit freaky.
Sean escorted me to the passengers side and closed the door just barely before my legs cleared. There was definitely something wrong with him. I didn't like him this way. Actually, I wanted to go home and clean up the mess of glass I had left at the door. I wanted to be there before Addy saw that I had left. I wasn't in the mood for Sean and his attitude right now. And it certainly wasn't worth losing my bike over. Nope. No man would ever be worth that! 
Except for Bane. Actually, if I could trade my bike for Bane and bring him into my world, I would, in a heartbeat. Without even thinking twice. And maybe I was only able to say that because I knew I'd never be given that opportunity.
Sean drove in the direction of his castle, without so much as even looking in my direction. This began to make me nervous. Because of the way he was acting, I couldn't help but wonder if he was able to read what I had written in the notebook. I couldn't think of anything else I could have done that would have upset him.
He pulled up into the circular drive at the castle's front entrance. He got out, came around to my side of the car and opened the door. I hesitated, looking up at him, trying to read his unreadable expression. He reached inside, took me by my elbow and assisted me out of the car. His grip was just slightly on the uncomfortable side.
Sean led me inside. The large foyer was empty of anyone but us. And so was the sitting room where he had taken me, at the far left corner of the castle. It was a remarkable circle-shaped room with tall, floor to ceiling windows that were draped in heavy crimson velvet curtains. A plush window bench wrapped around one half of the room. Black velvet pillows crowded the bench. An antique sofa, upholstered in the same red velvet as the widows, sat in the center of the room. It was flanked by two matching chairs. A tea table sat in front of the sofa. On top of it, there was a little black notebook that looked identical to my missing journal.
I rushed across the room and picked the notebook up off the table, about to burst at the seems with happiness and relief. But before I could open it up and look inside, Sean swiped it out of my hands. I wasn't sure how he appeared next to me so suddenly, but I didn't care. He had my journal. And that was all that mattered.
I reached for it, quickly, attempting to swipe it back, but Sean raised it just high enough to where I couldn't reach it.
"Give it to me! That's my journal."
"It does not belong to you anymore, Little One," he said. Then he sat in the sofa, settling back against a velvet pillow. He opened the notebook. 
And there I was, or at least, there was the contents of my head, spread out in the palms of his hands.
"Yes it does! You have no right to read that!"
Sean cut his eyes up at me. The look he gave me reminded me that he was an evil man, that he could do eerie, extraordinary things, that I should not upset him. But I was not afraid of him. At least, not at that moment anyway. The only thing I cared about was getting my journal back from him. 
And I would get it back from him.
"I suggest you rein in your contentious nature, for it may very well be your debacle." There was a thick warning in his voice, and his expression emphasized it. "Now be a good little girl and sit down beside me."
I sat down beside him. Only because it brought me that much closer to my journal. He couldn't have it. I would take it from him. I just had to wait for the right opportunity.
Sean's gaze moved back to the open pages of my notebook. "Your writing skills are remarkable."
"You have no right to read that!" 
"Oh, but you are wrong, Little One. I have every right to read what is mine. It belongs to me, as you do. And it is far too late. I have already read it. Quite thoroughly, I must add." Sean closed the notebook and set it back on the table in front of us. Then he looked at me. "The river is a monster mad / Its mossy talons tear / Into the flesh-like, earthy ground / Beneath the smile I wear / The river is a child in me / That trembles in its skin / Lost and unaware of where / To end or to begin / I stand upon its banks and watch / Its journey through my soul / Baffled by the way that I / Can love and hate it so." Sean paused in the middle of reciting the poem I had written only a few weeks ago and grinned at me. I saw something in his eyes that told me that he knew what this poem meant to me. 
While staring at me deeply, he continued. "For years I stand here, rooted deep / And long it takes to see / That if I weep, that if I cry / It heals inside of me / The river is a massive sea / In the corner of my mind / Its twisted paths will lead me to / The strengths I long to find / And I will stand upon its bank / And smile because I know / The river is a child in me / From which I'll learn to grow."
In those few moments, where we only stared at one another, I was all right with him having glimpsed the darkness of my soul that was mirrored in the words I had written. I had always longed to find someone I could share myself with in this way. Maybe Sean would be the one.
Then I thought about Dammon. Dammon was the one. 
No, Bane was the one. 
No, My Wizard Wise was the one. 
Except, I didn't know who My Wizard Wise even was. But I did know that he was not Sean or Bane or Dammon. 
Good grief! I didn't need any more guy-trouble. I didn't need a Wizard Wise.
I dropped my chin. The moment evaporated. Sean may have seemed to care about me, but there was something not right about it. And it was this something that would keep me from sharing myself with him.
"Sweet child, she lies in darkness / Sees shadows on the wall / They bathe in bitter moonlight / In hopes they never fall / She waits through empty moments / She waits, and no one knows / Daddy comes, the Beast of Bedtime / Daddy comes, and no one knows," Sean stopped in the middle of reciting yet another one of my poems. His eyes narrowed. He didn't like this poem. Not at all. But he finished it anyway, the words dripping from his tongue like icicles. "Instead of toys, she plays with madness / Fighting tears she longs to cry / Reaching out in angry silence / From a hurt that never dies / In Mother's eyes there burns a blaming / Mother's eyes could never see / The cold, the rage, emotion / The depths of misery / Sweet child, she finds the morning / A breath, a place to hide / With little books of fairytales / Tucked away inside / To dream of wizard's webs of gold / And princes by the sea / That gather in their arms, so strong / A love, so merrily / But oh, and then the day unfolds / And tales are stole away / By tugs of terror, night will come / And smear those pages grey / Sweet child she lies in darkness / Sweet child she'll always be / Lost away forever, this child inside of me."
I felt my cheeks flush with embarrassment. I now sat naked before him. I kept my head down where my face would remain hidden behind my hair.
"Absolutely remarkable," Sean said.
My eyes slowly lifted to the little black notebook sitting on the tea table in front of me. Every muscle in my body was ready to respond to my command to jump, grab and run. It was difficult restraining myself.
Sean's finger curled under my chin and raised my head so that I would look at him. "What pain you have endured," he said, and somehow his words had the strength to awaken the sadness that I had knocked out cold long ago. Pictures of my recent past flashed before my eyes. The sadness rose upward and lodged itself in my throat in a desperate attempt to escape its dark prison inside me. It formed into a large knot and began to suffocate me. While Sean held my eyes in his, I tried to swallow it back down but it would not go away.
"How beautiful I would find the shedding of your tears," Sean said, "but more so if they were shed on my behalf."
I swallowed hard, managing to take back control. The sadness sank down. It had been replaced by the typical anger that wreathed my inner darkness. 
I sprang away from Sean, swiped my notebook off the tea table and I ran. I tore out of the room, heart pounding fast like my feet. I flew through the Great Room like I had wings. I was relieved to discover that the front door wasn't locked. I descended the stairs and ran across the lawn, veering around trees and bushes. The yard was heavily wooded. There was about ten acres that separated his castle from the frontage road that would take me to the main road. It was quite a ways away, but I knew in my mind I would make it.
I glanced over my shoulder to see if Sean was in pursuit. He was not there, but I kept on running. I needed as much of a head-start as I could get, if he was going to be coming after me. Off in the distance I caught a glimpse of the gravel road through the trees. I knew I needed to stay in the woods instead of go to the road. Sean could be getting into his car this very minute. He would find me easily, if I were to take the road. I veered to the north, running along the tree line that traced the border of Sean's property. When I came to the river, I stopped. She was deep and wide here. She rushed passed me in a hurry. I glanced behind me, around me, and still Sean was nowhere to be seen. I decided to give myself a moment to think about what I was going to do now. I couldn't swim. There was no way I could cross the river from here, so I had two choices. I could either walk up river and hope I'd find a place to cross, or I could go to the road. If I went up-river, I'd end up closer to Sean's house. The river curved and bent through the woods, heading in the same North-Easterly direction the castle was in.
I was left with only one choice, really. I had to take the road. With a heavy sigh, I turned around to head west.
And there was Sean. 
He was leaning, casually, against an oak tree, in very much the same way as when I first saw him in Oak Park.
I gasped in surprise. Then blinked several times because I couldn't believe what I was seeing. There was no possible way Sean was actually standing there. There was absolutely no way he could have just appeared out of nowhere like that.
But, despite my efforts, I could not blink him away. He was there, whether it was possible or not.
Sean wasn't breathing heavy, so I didn't understand how he had caught up to me so quickly. Especially since I didn't see him behind me when I was running.
"You actually believe that you can escape me?" Sean asked. Even though there was a smile in his voice, his face was not smiling. And neither were his eyes. He pushed away from the tree and started moving toward me, slowly, as if he had all the time in the world to get to me.
"You actually believe you can catch me?" I countered. 
"Shall we find out?" His eyes, now more copper in color, shimmered in the light of the sun that was peeking through the canopy of branches above us.
I turned and ran, following the river's bank, running like the devil himself was licking at my heels. 
But then a powerful force struck me in the back between my shoulder blades. I sailed to the ground, landing hard, and I slid in the grass. I barely had the chance to realize what had happened before a hand slammed into the back of my neck. My face was crushed into the earth. Fingers curled around my throat. I was lifted from the ground like I was weightless. My feet dangled in mid-air while Sean shoved me backward and into a tree. He used his hand on my throat to pin me against it. Bark scraped the flesh at the back of my shoulder as he slid me down the trunk until my feet were on the ground.
Well, I guess we found out," he said. His free hand was gripping a small knife. It appeared before my face. The blade flashed a wedge of sunlight, as he brought the knife to my chin. Gently, he slid the tip of the blade down the underside of my chin. I could feel the sharp, little prick against my flesh as he pressed it slightly into my skin.
I am confident that even if you had known what happens to those who steal from me, you still would have been dauntless enough to steal this." Sean let go of my throat, using the tip of his knife to keep me pinned to the tree. He ripped the notebook from my fingers, waved it in the air and then tossed it to the ground. He took my wrist in his hand, spun me around so that I was facing the tree and then slammed my hand against the trunk. My fingers splayed out on the bark. His chest pressed against my back as his other arm came around me. The knife appeared in front of my face again.
Sean's lips brushed my ear lobe as he spoke. "When people steal from me," he whispered. His hot words in my ear sent a cold shiver through my body. "I cut off their phalanges."
"I didn't steal anything from you! The notebook is mine!" I yelled. Then I hiked my elbow upward, thrusting it into his ribs. It sent a pain shattering through my arm bones on impact. It was like hitting a rock wall. I tried to twist out of his arms, but the knife came down on my pointy finger. Blood leaked from my skin, as he pressed down hard.
The back of my head hit his solid chest when I threw my head back and cried out in pain.
Sean pressed the side of his face against mine and slid the knife across my finger. The sharp blade separated the skin. Blood trickled away from the open wound. Sean held the knife there, no longer moving it.
"Be attentive, My Little One," Sean whispered into my ear. The gentleness in his voice did not match his behavior. "The book does not belong to you anymore. It is mine. Your lack of understanding has helped me to commiserate. As a show of clemency, I will allow you to keep your digit. But not without a permanent reminder that you will never steal from me again. And, because I am judicious and well aware that you are slow to learning, I will show you slowly."
Sean pressed the knife harder into my finger and slowly began to slide it back and forth across my flesh, severing my flesh deeper and deeper. I cried out in sheer agony. The pain was so intense. I could feel the blade sawing against my bone, sending shocks of pain up through my hand and into my entire arm. I closed my eyes tight, biting down hard on my teeth. Sean's hot breath slithered constantly into my ear and down my neck.
Then finally it was over. The sawing had stopped. I was afraid to open my eyes. I was afraid I would find that I now only had four fingers on the hand that was still pinned to the tree in front of me. 
Sean's back went away from me. I could feel him move my hand away from the tree, but I still did not open my eyes.
Until I felt his tongue on my finger.
Sean was staring into my eyes, when I lifted my eyelashes. His tongue slowly, diligently, lapped at the blood on my mangled finger. 
But it was still there. He had not cut my finger off, just like he said he wouldn't. 
Sean's tongue slithered over the gapping wound, intensifying the pain. I tried to pull my hand away, but he held my wrist tightly. Sean sucked my entire finger into his mouth. His eyes closed as if passion had swept over him and he had succumbed to it.
With him so distracted, it was the perfect time to escape him.
I pulled my finger out of his mouth, but could not pull free from his hand. With my free hand, I swung at him, landing my fist in the corner of his jaw. It was a blow that would have knocked anyone else out cold, I was sure of it. 
But not Sean. 
The powerful blow barely caused his head to turn to the side. But, before Sean could respond, I hiked my knee up fast and hard, landing it right between his legs. This time, his size didn't matter. Sean's grip loosened on my finger almost instantly. The moment it did, I tore away from him.
I ran, leaving a trail of blood droplets behind me from my profusely bleeding finger. I wasn't smart enough to grab my journal before I ran. I had completely forgotten about it at that point. Getting away from Sean was all that mattered now. Of course, I knew that even if I did escape him, it would only be temporary. 
Sean would be coming for me.
He would find me.
And he wasn't going to be happy when I saw him again.
****
Chapter Fifteen
Bane


"You know you can't harm us, Bane," Aine reminded me, looking up at me with her big, round eyes. The glitter she wore around them sparkled in the light of the setting sun like diamond dust. 
There was lust in her eyes. I could smell her desire for me emanating from her pores, and it smelled like rotting, old meat. It was because of this desire, though, that made me certain she would acquiring a particular piece of information for me.
"If you harm any of us, your chances of ever being free from our bonds decreases to about 0%. Minus zero, even. Not to mention the fiery lashes you will receive by my grandmother's hand."
"Do not threaten me," I growled at her, impatiently. The little, pixie-like girl smiled up at me. She took the collar of my leather trench coat and flattened it down with her palms. I had to turn my nose away from her offensive, lascivious odor. "I only asked that you tell me what I wish to know," I said, my patience were wearing thin.
"And why would I do that? What would I get out of it?" Aine batted her eyelashes at me. She wanted beneath me. This is what she wanted to get out of it.  But there was only one woman whom I wanted to lie beneath me. Only one who would satisfy my sadistic ways.
"You would do this because you are the only Daughter in The Coven who beholds a portion of compassion."
"You know I have no idea how you and your brothers can break through the wards, Bane. It's a highly guarded secret amongst the higher-ups. I'm just a pee-on. They don't tell me the important stuff like that. Especially since we are not technically even a coven yet!"
"But you can find out," I said. "Demeter is your grandmother. Persephone is your mother."
Aine looked at me for a long moment then finally said, "I'll try. Maybe I can ask Isabel Gordon. She seems to know more about The Hallows Coven than the Daughters do themselves. Or maybe I can talk to that crazy Sarah Jenkins. Since dead people talk to her and tell her things, maybe she can ask one of my family's ancestors or something."
"That would please me, Aine."
"I would like to please you, Bane." Aine slipped her hand inside the trench coat and pressed her palm to my chest. Her lascivious odor flared. "In any way I can."
I snatched her up by the wrist and jerked her little body into mine, setting her face below mine. "I have no interest in being pleased in any other way than what I am asking now, so keep your hands to yourself, lest I chew them off at the wrist. I am carnivorous, do not forget." I tossed her away. She was useless. Her fear was too tainted by lust. I would spit out her meat, if I had to hold true to my promise.
"You might want to clean up after yourself. Divine will be awful upset if she finds this mess you made," Aine said, pride wounded. "And you better have hunted only tourists, or you know how Aradia will get." Then she walked off, heading back into the woods toward The Coven's lair.
My gaze swept across the grassy clearing. Tangles of bloody, dismembered bodies were all that was left of my frenzied hunger. What lie before me now was the aftermath of my carnage, a failed attempt at placating my fury. It was unlike me to make such a mess, to leave even a drop of precious blood behind, but I hadn't felt like myself for quite some time. 
My Lady Moon was an anomaly. She wielded a magic powerful enough to change me into something I was not, something far more pernicious. 
Yet, softer, at the very same time.
Yes, softer. The cold, stone organ that beat beneath my ribs was growing softer. For her. Only for her.
My gaze rose to the rippling surface of Snow Melt Lake.
Perhaps I should pay Sarah Jenkins a visit myself.
I rose from the rock outcropping and shrugged out of my coat. The smell of Aine's desire was far more potent when I did not cover my body in her presence. The sight of my prodigious body and the grand display of my wings deeply aroused Aine. 
Before the coat could hit the ground, I was momentarily side-tracked from my mission by the gapping, bloody hole in the neck of a woman who no longer had a body. I scooped it up and suctioned my lips to the now cold skin, sucking up what was left of the blood. There was the brain. Yes, I knew this. When ever there wasn't enough, cracking the skull open and sucking out what little there was left in the brain was always an option. But not this time. 
Later, I would clean up this mess. But right now, Sarah Jenkins was far more important to me than even all the terror-saturated blood in this world. But only if she could tell me what I desired to know.
I had to get to My Lady Moon. I simply had to. Or My Lady Moon had to come to me. One way or another, I needed to protect her from my brother. And until I found a way, I would not rest. 
****
Chapter Sixteen
Luna


"Do you trust me?" Dammon asked, taking my hand in his. We were standing in his cramped, little bathroom in his cramped little trailer house.
"With my finger or with my life? That depends."
"Both," he said, his sky-blue eyes beguiling.
"You have an ointment for both?" I grinned.
"Yes, I do, as a matter of fact," he said. 
Then he smiled, and I about lost feeling in my legs. I quickly looked down at our hands, so that I might no longer be affected. But it didn't work. Dammon would affect me even if he was a thousand miles away.
"I can't believe you used duct tape for a band-aid!" Dammon shook his head and started carefully unwinding the bloodstained duct tape, until he reached the cotton ball I had placed over the wound, which didn't even look like a cotton ball anymore because it was so saturated with blood. When he peeled off the cotton and exposed the wound, I cringed and turned my head away.
"This goes to the bone," Dammon said, sounding very disturbed.
I nodded my head. I believed I would never forget that sawing sensation in my bone that reverberating up my arm.
"It's alright," he said. There was such great compassion in his voice that I had to turn my head and look at him. He was busy gathering amber jars from the cabinet now, so he wasn't looking at me. But he didn't have to be in order for me to see the compassion in his expression. 
While I studied this man before me, there appeared an ache in me that I did not understand. It was much different than the ache I felt to be in Sean's presence. It was a yearning that seemed to have no specific origin. It quickly spread everywhere, like an infection, but a good one. This ache told me that I needed Dammon. That I had to have him or I would ache like this forever. Except it would only get worse with time.
"I can clean this up and use an antibiotic, but it's going to need a few stitches. Six at the least."
"I don't do hospitals. It'll be fine. Just slap some of that stuff on it, wrap it back up and call it good."
Dammon laughed. "You don't have to go to the hospital. And I will not call it good until it actually is."
"What do you mean, I don't have to go to the hospital? You said I needed stitches."
Dammon gathered the materials he had taken out of the cabinet and headed for the bathroom door. "Come on, let's get you comfortable."
"You got a baseball bat? Knocking me out would make me comfortable." I said, nervously. I followed him down the hall into the living room. He gestured for me to sit on the couch then set his materials down on the wagon wheel coffee table in front of me.
"No baseball bat, sorry. But I have something much more effective. I'll be right back. Sit down," he said, politely. I sat down and Dammon went back down the hall. It didn't take him long to return. When he did, he was carrying a basket made of twigs. It was full of things that were unfamiliar to me. Some of the objects looked like utensils doctors would use, still in their sanitary wraps. There were little jars and bottles and spray thingys and packets of pills and what looked like dried grass. 
Weed? As in, marijuana?
I looked at Dammon, about to ask him if weed was his idea of better-than-a-baseball-bat, but he got on his knees in front of me and I was totally distracted. My mind concocted a picture of him holding a ring and proposing to me. I almost laughed. I almost cried. Dammon would never want to marry a loser, freak like me. He'd want someone extremely intelligent, sophisticated, beautiful and angelic, like he was. Wow, I hated that girl already. I wanted to be that girl for him.
"Here, take these," he said, and pulled out a little baggy full of pills, dropping two in my hand. "Don't worry, they're all natural."
"So are mushrooms," I muttered, "And cactus berries." I popped them into my mouth and swallowed them down. "And pig poo."
Dammon paused, looking at me suspiciously. He stared at me for a few moments, as if trying to figure out why I would mention pig poo.  
"All right, I'm going to put a topical anesthetic on it. It will numb the area so you won't feel a thing," he said, seemingly having a hard time pulling his thoughts away from the pig poo.
"Yeah, ok. Do what you gotta do. I'll be back here. Not looking." I let out a long heavy sigh. My body deflated into the couch cushions and I closed my eyes. 
When Addy took me away from my father, I actually believed my life would be less crazy, that I wouldn't have to go through each and every day wondering what kind of confrontation I'd have next with madness. Maybe I was totally mistaken. Maybe life was just a bowl full of evil. It was stupid, really, that I would see it full of cherries.
"So, how did this happen?" Dammon asked. But by the tone in his voice I believed he already knew how this happened. At least, he knew who did this to me.
"I slipped with a knife," I said. Of course he wouldn't believe me, but I really didn't want him to know the real story. 
I could feel him gently slathering something cool over my wounded finger. A few seconds later, just as the pain turned up a notch from his touch, I knew what he was slathering. It was the numbing stuff. It didn't take long for me to lose feeling in that area. I needed to have some of this stuff in my medicine cabinet. I wondered if it came in a form that would numb my brain.
"What's the true version?" Dammon asked.
I cleared my throat, noticing a strange, faint, dizzy feeling in my head that was probably caused by the pills. "Paper cut? My notebook attacked me?" I said, shrugging my shoulders.
"Hold still."
I glanced in his direction and saw a needle sliding thick black thread through my skin. I screeched and closed my eyes tight.
"It's all right, Luna. I know what I'm doing," he assured me. "So, did Sean do this to you?"
I didn't answer him. He already knew the answer to this question. It was starting to frustrate me that he wouldn't get the point that I didn't want to talk about this.
"Did you like it?" he asked.
"What?"
"Aside from the pain, did you like it when he did this to you?"
"Are you serious? Why the hell would've I like it?"
"Maybe because it acts as an aid in your mission to self-destruct?"
"Really? I think that's probably one of the most stupidest things I've ever heard!"
"Maybe you've been blaming yourself for something that's happened to you and you believe you deserve to suffer and to be in pain for the rest of your life because of it."
"Still stupid," I said stubbornly. But Dammon may have been on to something here. 
Or on something. 
The weed, maybe?
"Maybe you've grown so attached to misery that when it's not around you seek it out, because this is where you're most comfortable. This is what you're accustomed to. With out the misery and the pain, maybe you feel dead inside. Maybe, just maybe, when you're hurting, when you're afraid, you feel more alive than you feel any other time. Excluding, of course, how alive you feel when you're in the presence of the People Reader," he said. I could hear the smile on his face.
"Still stupid. And maybe you're just arrogant, in a sly kind of way. Maybe you have this magical ability to put ideas into my head and feelings into my heart in such a way that I will actually believe they belong to me. And maybe, just maybe, I do feel most alive when I'm with you."
Oops! That last part sort of slipped out.
Dammon slid up onto the couch beside me. "Maybe I am the ointment you need to slather on your life," he said, grinning.
I sat up straight, slow and seemingly unmoving. I could feel Dammon's longing to kiss me. I could feel his strong intension, and I wasn't sure if I wanted to flee or grab him by the pony tail and help him out a little. So I just sat as still as I could, as Dammon leaned into me.
"You are extremely intelligent, sophisticated, beautiful and angelic, like I am," he said, his grin growing a little bigger. His face was now inches away from mine. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't think straight. Heck, I didn't even know what the heck he was talking about. His warm breath on my face had a total paralysis affect on me.
"Close your eyes, Luna," he whispered. His voice swept through me like the wind through the trees, and my leaves shivered in his path. 
I closed my eyes. 
With a feather-soft touch, Dammon brushed his lips against mine.
But then I shoved away from him and shot up off the couch. 
It was only a near-kiss. Actually, it couldn't have even been considered a kiss. 
"Dammon, I'm dating someone else," I said, even though I'd broken up with Sean in my heart and in my mind, Sean didn't know this yet. And it felt wrong to want Dammon when I was still technically with Sean. "I shouldn't have even come here! I have no idea what I was thinking. I'm putting you in danger." I whirled around and, in a flash, left Dammon and that near-kiss, standing in his living room, all alone.
It was selfish of me to want Dammon's company, after I had run away from Sean. There were a few things I had a hard time admitting. One of them was the fact that I was frightened out of my mind, maybe even in shock after nearly having my finger cut off. I needed Dammon to help me find my calm again. This was why I ended up at Dammon's. Another thing I had a really hard time admitting was the fact that no matter how crazy or confusing I found it, I was falling in love with Sean.
Or maybe not.
The stupid, incessant ache inside my body had me so confused. Oh, how it ached to be away from Sean. What else could this be called if it couldn't be called love?
Bound--- 
I plopped down onto my couch, lied down and curled into a ball, trying to get as small as I could. The smaller I could become, the less that would notice me in this world. Like a particle of dust. I was certain there were many of those particles lying around my house, but I didn't notice them. I went on with my everyday life unaware of their existence.
Maybe Dammon was right. Maybe when I am hurting and afraid I feel more alive than any other time. I never knew life outside of madness. I didn't know what it was like to go a day without danger of some kind nipping at my heels. I did, after all, grow up in a house with a demon.  This was how, when I very first saw him, it was so easy for me to recognize the demon within Sean. 
And this was how I was able to fall in love with Sean, right? I had been programed to believe that pain was simply a reality in a relationship between two people. The more pain, the more proof there was that love was involved.
Sean really loved me, and I knew this.
Yet, I could not accept this. No matter what kind of hell I had gone through, I still could not convince myself that I could love a cruel man.
But I loved Bane. 
I closed my eyes, wishing Dammon was right about the whole angels-are-out-there thing, because if he was, I wanted one to come to me this very instant and take me away forever.
No, better yet, I wanted Bane. I wanted to fall asleep where I could be cocooned in his black, feathery wings. I wanted to hear him tell me that everything was going to be all right and that I never had to leave his world again. With me in his world, or with him in mine, everything would totally be all right.
****
Chapter Seventeen
Bane


The old woman with long silver hair was down on her knees in the garden plucking plump strawberries from a bush, when I approached her from behind. She knew I was near. She sensed the evil darkness that writhed in my aura. I could sense her sensing me. That is when I knew, Sarah Jenkins was not human. Or at least, she wasn't always mortal.  
Without turning around, she began to speak to me. "Aw, you have finally came for me. But why in this form? I saw you the other night." She twisted to look up at me, smiling warmly. She had remarkable multi-colored eyes. "That black, silky coat of fur," she mussed. Then she went back to plucking strawberries, dropping them into a large wicker basket. "Though, I must admit, it is the dragman form I most adored."
"I have come to seek your wisdom, Lost One," I said, moving around to stand before her. I gave my wings a violent twitch then furled them up behind me.
"Aw, when really it will end in a mercy killing, when all is said and done, but aw, yes, you come to me because I can talk to the dead. You are Lucifer's son. And yet, they do not wish to speak to you, the dead. Nor does your father. He is angry with you, your father, yes? You do not have access to the lost souls. The lost souls speak to me. The lost souls are the ones who have denied my Jesus Christ. Why will they not speak to you, Bane? " Sarah Jenkins looked up at me with knowing eyes. "Aw, they are mad at you like your father is. They are mad at you because of your father. I do not blame them, really. For eternity they will suffer because Lucifer has misled them," she paused, dropping her gaze to the bush in front of her. She seemed to be lost in thought momentarily. Then she looked up at me with those unusual, unearthly eyes. "There is a Christ, you know!" Her gaze seemed to pierce straight through to my soul, seeing all I had within me, as if nothing was hidden from her. "Of course, you do. You were there. How could have I forgotten? It was you who had risen the vinegar to His lips to drink. It was you who whispered into the ears of the Pharisees, urging them to crucify Him. Oh, shame on you! But, yes, I do remember now. And clearly. So you must be aware, then, that He is coming back." Sarah's unusual eyes lifted and penetrated mine. "You will suffer horribly, Bane, you, your father and your brothers. There will be wailing and gnashing of teeth."
A tremor coursed through the deeper parts of my self. I knew there was truth in what she was saying, but never had this truth ever affected me the way that it was affecting me now. 
Now that I knew softness.
"Your beautiful Moon," Sarah smiled. "Oh, to be separated from her for eternity." Sarah thought about this for a moment. 
And so did I.
"You can not truly give her eternity, can you, Bane. You can only give her immortality. And immortality is only but a vapor. There is only one who can the gift of eternal life. And you, too, He would forgive. To you, too, would He gift eternity. The gulf that would separate you from her, if the two of you remain dead in the flesh, is impregnable. You can not cross over to the other side, nor can she. Forever separated from your Moon you would be. Yes, your beautiful Moon, who is soon to find Him. She will find the truth, the way, the light. But will you?"
I was growing petulant. I did not want to hear these things. "I need to get to her. She is in trouble now, and I need to know how I can breech the territorial barrier The Coven has in place."
"You cannot, Bane. Your father's magic pulses through the wards The Coven of Hallows has constructed. Aradia's wards are impenetrable, because your father has made it so. But these wards that keep you a prisoner within Sleepy Hallow are not only Aradia's handy work. No! There are yet three more priestesses who have infused their magic into the ward. There is Demeter's ward. Then Lilith's. Lastly there is Artemis' ward. Persephone has touched all four of them, infusing them together. Yes, long, lost Persephone. Poor child. Kidnaped by that awful entity and forced into marriage. A child came from that, you know. A son. But a daughter came from that, as well. Oh, yes, you know this. Aine is the daughter of Persephone. But did you know, Bane, that Demeter still morns in the seasons of her daughter Persephone's absence? Oh, yes! What common-folk know to be myths are truly real, aren't they? Myths that are to be retold and re-unfolded every six hundred years. The myths are churned a bit, indeed, but the point I am trying to make is that The Coven of Hallows and the power your father has blessed them with, should not be underestimated. Through their blood they are nearly as divine as their ancestral deities from which they've come. Your father is the only force capable of overcoming the ward, as far as I know. He is, after all, the Prince of Air," she said with sad adoration. 
"How do you know my father so well?" I demanded.
Sarah Jenkins' expression went vacant. A distance glazed her eyes. A mixture of muted terror and shame filled my nostrils, as I breathed in her scent to better help me understand.
And I understood completely. Understood things I did not want to understand.
Sarah Jenkins was one of my father's many unwilling lovers.
"He comes to me from time to time," she said.
"In what form does he appear?" It mattered. I understood my father. And I knew, if my father came to Sarah in the form of human flesh, she meant more to Him than she should.
"In the flesh, Bane. He comes to me a man. That is not to say I have not seen some of his finer forms. Oh no! I have, indeed. You and your brothers have inherited one of his most prized abilities. Being the Prince of air has given him this right, hasn't it? Manipulating it to however he sees fit. Tell me, Bane? How does it feel to have that sort of power over something or someone? And how, please, does it feel when swallowing the essence of another? Would you rather not feel eternity?"
I saw it in her eyes, what she longed for me to do. She had foreseen it. This is why she had said my coming for her would end in a mercy killing. 
"Allow me to demonstrate how it feels, Lost One," I held out my hand to Sarah. We shared a moment, one in which an agreement was made. Sarah wanted something from me. And out of spite, as an act of revenge, I was more than willing to give it to her.
Sarah placed her delicate hand in mine. She was well aware of my intentions, as I was well aware of hers. She welcomed these intentions with an open heart, an open soul. And I knew why. I understood almost completely.
I was her escape from my father. Her only escape. Only I, firs-born son of Lucifer, had the power to free her from Lucifer.
It was the pity I had for her that lent her my mercy. I was quick. Her death was swift and nearly painless.
"Euthanasia," Sarah whispered through her smile, as I shoved my fist between her breasts and grasped her beating heart. I held her upright, as I pulled the organ from her chest and held it up so that she could see it. She wanted to see it. I was certain she was still alive for one heartbeat longer, the one that beat in my hand and spurted out a final spray of blood.
"I will give this to my father for you, dear Lost One," I said, watching as death glazed over her eyes. I knew by the look she had given me that she was grateful for what I had done. And I knew that she believed  the gift to my father would be an appropriate one.
****
Chapter Eighteen
Luna


I must have dozed off without realizing I had because when the front door opened I was startled awake. Addy's laughter came before I realized who was walking through the door. It was her and that strange preacher guy again. When Addy saw me, her smile faded away. I knew I was an instant reminder of the love she was forced to leave behind. It was because of me why Addy had to leave Barron, and I doubted she would ever forgive me for this.
"Good afternoon, Luna, How was your day?" Doug came into the living room, while Addy carried a grocery bag to the kitchen. I sat up, scooted over to the far end of the couch and hugged my knees to my self. I didn't answer Doug. I only stared at him. Maybe it was the inner light I saw glowing within him that Addy had fallen in love with. In my opinion, there was just no other explanation as to why Addy would be with someone so extremely odd-looking. And what about Addy loving Barron? She would always love Barron with all of her heart. Where was there any room left for Doug?
I almost laughed. Who was I to judge Addy's love life or try to make any sense of it? 
"Your mother wanted me to talk to you," Doug said, as he sat down on the couch beside me.
"Well, I don't want to talk to you."
"I thought you might say that. That is why I convinced your mother that it would be best if I talk to you after the wedding and after you have gotten a little more comfortable with me."
"The wedding? As in, you and Addy are getting married? Are you serious? You're marrying my mother?"
"Yes, she and I are getting married in about a week."
"But you guys just met! How could you get married?"
"I do believe that God tells us that we should not play the dating game. That He will send the right one for us. Addy is God-sent," he said, glancing in the direction of the kitchen.
I witnessed the spark of electricity that shot between the two of them when their eyes met briefly. It reminded me of how I felt when I looked into Dammon's eyes for the very first time; Like wind through the trees. I wondered if Doug left a path through Addy like Dammon had left a path through me?
"You do realize she just got divorced?" I didn't know why I was so upset about the two of them getting married, but I was. And maybe this was because I wasn't ready for another demon to move into my house.
"Oh, yes. She has told me everything."
"Hugh! I doubt that very much," I grumbled.
"Your mother has told me about your father, Luna. And I want to talk with you about that, one day soon." Doug put his long, thin hand on my shoulder. I quickly slapped it away. There was a moment of silence that filled the whole house. I had to wonder how he would have responded had he not been trying to impress Addy and I before the wedding. Would have he punished me like Barron would have?
"There is a lot to be said in the bible about how a child should treat her parent. Of course, I am not implying that I am a parent of yours. But soon enough, I will be the authority over you and your mother."
"I'm sure you will," I said, sarcastically. Preacher man or not, he was still a man, right?
As if he read my mind, he said, "I am not talking about the same kind of authority your father has had over the two of you for the past seventeen years of your life, Luna. What I am talking about is something on the other end of the spectrum. I will run a Godly house. I will teach you and your mother in a Godly way. I will lead the two of you in a Godly fashion. Before you know it, your lives will be transformed for the better. When God gets involved, things are always better. You will see for yourself. I only ask that you keep an open mind, Luna. Don't shut me out. I'm not going anywhere, so it will be a lot smoother around here if you just have an open mind."
I cant explain what had come over me. Maybe it was paranoia. Maybe it was fear of having another man in the house again. What ever it was, it filled me with anger.
"So, what your saying is that you don't want me to be a bitch, right? Well, sorry, it's a little too late for that. You see, I was born that way. I can't help it. It's in my blood." I got up off the couch, ignoring the glare Addy was giving me as I went to the door. Doug must have told her, prior to coming home, to keep her mouth shut. It was unusual for her to be quiet like this.
"Your mother wants you to be home by nine this evening. She and I will not be here. We will be staying in the city, in separate rooms, so we can find her a gown."
"I am going to call you at nine," Addy hollered after me. "You better answer!"
I slammed the door shut, not really knowing what my plans were. 
Until I raised my chin and saw the silver Cadillac that was parked in front of Addy's Volvo. 
I stopped on the top step of the porch, my heart thumping hard against my chest. I wasn't sure if I should go back inside and lock the door or stay where I was and allow Sean to come for me, I wanted to do both at the same time. I wanted arms around me, holding me tight. I wanted to know what it meant to have someone love me. Yet, I wanted to run and hide and to be forever left alone.
But most of all, I wanted this stupid, nagging ache in my body to go away!
I really was falling in love with Sean. Standing there on the porch, I realized this. And what made me so certain was the fact that no matter what he would do to me next, I would un-willfully endure it, just to be in his presence, just to see that look of adoration in his eyes. Just to make the ache go away. But I was still torn. Walking right up to, and putting myself in the face of, danger was one thing   --which, I must admit, I'd done a countless number of times--   but having it chase me down was a whole different thing. Maybe I wanted to be the one in control of the danger in my life, not anyone else.
After a few minutes of standing there in deliberation, I didn't have to decide for my self. Sean got out of the car, came stalking up to me, took me gently by the elbow and led me to the passenger's door, deciding for me. 
Sean didn't say anything, as we drove out of the trailer park and onto the blacktop. I wasn't as nervous as I knew I should have been. I was feeling a little wanton, like I was in need of release, like my pent-up frustrations needed an outlet. My insides were all riled-up, and becoming increasingly so, and I didn't know why. It happened enough times that I had stopped caring as to why. I wanted to fight. I wanted to get angry, and these wants were boiling inside me, about to spill over.
Sean parked the Cadillac in the circular drive in front of his castle and came around to the passenger's door. He reached inside, took my hand and gently pulled me out. Instead of leading me to the front stairs of the castle, where I was expecting him to take me, he led me across the lawn, in the direction that would take us to the river. In the same direction into which I had run from him, with journal in hand.
"Where are we going?" I asked. I didn't think Sean was going to answer me because it took him so long to say anything. We were deep into the woods, by the time he answered.
"I have something to show you," he said, his tone was unusually cool and crisp. His fingers tightened just slightly over my elbow, as if what he said was enough to spook me. 
I was going to get my wish. I was going to end up in a fight. I could feel it coming. I could feel it brewing inside Sean.
When we reached the river, Sean stopped at the edge of the bank where the water was deep and rushing around the bend. It was the same exact spot where I had contemplated jumping in to escape him. The last shreds of sunlight danced on the white, frothy peaks of her surface.
Then, without warning, Sean pushed me into the river. 
Before I knew it, Moss was swallowing me alive, and I had become completely submerged. Sights and sounds smeared together. Panic contorted my sense of direction. I flailed my arms and kicked my legs, but I just kept sinking. I couldn't find the surface. I was being swept down stream, in the belly of the river, at an incredible speed. I was gulping for air, frantically gasping in water instead. 
I was going to drown. There was no doubt about it.
But then, all of a sudden, I was pulled upward. The surface of the water washed over my head and face, and I gasped for air. Sean waited for me to catch my breath and for me to realize the situation I was in. He was holding me at the back of the head by a fist full of hair. The rest of my body was trying to float away on the wild, rushing current.
There was nothing in the world more terrifying to me than being in deep water. 
A second blast of panic washed over me, and I realized that I was completely at Sean's mercy. "Please, don't let me go! Please!"
"You've been a very bad girl, Luna, haven't you?"
I clung to Sean's body in sheer desperation. "Yes! Please. . . .Please, don't let me go!"
"I will not let you go. But I do need for you to understand something," Sean said. I was ready to understand anything at this point. Anything that would convince Sean to get me out of the river and bring me to dry land. 
Sean thoroughly examined my eager face. Then he closed his eyes. His nostrils flared, and he sniffed the air just under my ear. When he looked at me again there was an explosion of adoration and desire in his eyes. "Oh, how I do cherish thee," he whispered. Even over the sound of rushing water, I heard him. 
Then, without warning, Sean shoved my head down under the surface of the water. His fist full of hair kept me from being able to come back up for air. Panic and fear and confusion and desperation all swirled so wildly inside my body that there was no separation to my emotions. There was no telling where one ended or another began.
Just when I believed I'd have to breathe, that my body's reflexes would cause me to inhale, Sean lifted my head above the surface. I gasped, frantically sucking in air. Sucking in the water that dripped from my head and my face. Water stung my nose and the back of my throat. It burned and blurred my eyes.
His order was my lifeline, and I clung to it desperately. 
"I am somewhat tolerant of your intractable nature, but what you did, attacking me and running from me, will never happen again. Do you understand me, Little One?"
"Yes! Yes, I promise. Please, just get me out of here!"
Sean studied me, as if searching for the truth in my words. I do believe he found it. If he hadn't, I was sure I'd be pressed into the river again, forced beneath the surface. Through the mess of my emotions I had a feeling that Sean was not only looking for the truth while he stared at me. He was admiring again. Admiring the trembling, frightened, terror-infested little girl that was shivering beneath his fist.  
Sean grinned, as if approving of what he saw, of what he was capable of turning me into. Then he moved us through the river. I could feel the wild current pressing against our bodies. Once we touched solid ground my whole world seemed to spin out of control, like the panic was catching up to me and the relief was filtering in at the same exact time. I felt dizzy and disoriented. 
And somehow Sean knew this. 
Sean gathered me into his arms and carried me up the steep riverbank. When we reached the top of the bank, he did not let me go. He carried me all the way back to his castle, cradled in his arms like a baby.
A baby was exactly what I felt like. I clung to Sean, as if still needing him to keep me above the surface of the water. And maybe I did. Maybe the massive sea in the corner of my mind had finally broken its dam leaving me to drown in my own internal-ness. 
I wrapped my arms around Sean's neck, tightly, and buried my face into his hair. Tears tried to escape my eyes, but I pinched them away, fighting back a river of my own.
In that strange and unfamiliar place Sean had taken me to in my mind, it did not occur to me that the man I was now clinging to was the man who had taken me there. All I knew is that I had to cling to something. Something that was outside myself, because if I clung to what was inside, I was certain I would drown. 
Sean set me down on the plush, red sofa in the circular sitting room and covered me with a blanket. A blanket that was not there earlier that morning. 
He had planned this. 
The incident at the river was not just some random outburst. It was premeditated. 
But this didn't change anything. It didn't make Sean seem any less crazy than he already seemed before. Crazy was crazy. Who cared if he actually had a rhyme and a reason resonating in his madness. What difference did it make? I either accepted it or I didn't.
And I did both. I accepted it. And I didn't.
"Give me your hand, Little One," Sean said, as he sat down beside me. I was confused by this simple command, so I only looked at him. 
"Give me your hand, now." It was the fact that he sounded uncharacteristically impatient that made me move quickly. I stuck my hand out of the blanket and handed it to him. 
"The other one. And I will not wait any longer."
I stuffed my hand back under the blanket and quickly handed him my other hand. The one he had injured. 
Sean gripped my last three fingers in his hand, leaving the wounded one alone. For the moment, anyway. With his free hand, he pulled his knife out of the back pocket of his slacks. He lifted his pointy finger, which lifted my wounded  pointy finger. And, without so much as a word of warning, he dug the tip of the blade into the flesh of the wound, digging under one of the stitches Dammon had sewn into my flesh. With a slight upward stroke of the knife, Sean cut through the thick, black thread, causing a small section of my finger to open up. As the pain flared, he moved on to the next stitch of thread.
The blade dug deeper than it needed to go under the second stitch. I cried out, trying to pull my hand away, but Sean only needed to squeeze my fingers just a little more, to keep me from slipping them free from his grip. He dug the third stitch out of my flesh, opening the wound even further. Meat separated and blood bloomed in the little valley in my finger. Sean did the same thing to the fourth, the fifth and then the sixth stitch. Each time he removed a piece of black thread from my flesh, he dug the tip of the blade deeper into the wound than he needed to go. Each time, I could feel the tip of the knife scrape against the bone and scoop out a little piece of meat.
When the stitches were removed, Sean let go of my fingers and stuffed his knife back into his back pocket, like none of this had even happened.
As I writhed in pain, squeezing the wrist of my wounded hand with my other hand, trying to cope with the agony, tears came to my eyes and a realization to my heart. Beside me sat the man who forced me to endure my phobia of water. Here sat the man who continued to inject the madness into my world that I had hoped I could escaped when Addy took me away from Barron. Here sat the man who brought Barron's demon back into my life.
Sean took my chin in his fingers and turned my face to him. I jerked my head away from him, angry despite the all-consuming pain. Sean recaptured my chin, this time much more painfully. He squeezed it hard in his thick, strong fingers and forced me to look at him, forced me to realize that the one who was in control here was not me.
I was the puppet. And Sean was the puppeteer.
Tears rolled down my cheeks, and Sean watched them with a look of satisfaction in his eyes, before pulling my face to his. With his tongue, he slowly licked the trail of my tear, starting just under my eye and stopping at the corner of my mouth. Then his tongue split my lips apart, trespassing against me and his mouth covered mine. 
I was forced to endure a deep, cruel kiss.
All the while, my heart was breaking.
This was not love.
I was wrong. I couldn't have possibly been falling in love with Sean. He was the kind of demon my father was. The kind that fed off my fears and my tears. The kind that lusted after my pain. I hated Barron. With a passion so strong and true, I hated him. And now I hated Sean, too. Sean was evil. And something told me the adoration in his eyes was not for me, but for his hunger for my fear and for my pain. He told me himself that he was a sadist. But even if I had believed him when he said this, I still would have found my self here, bleeding, with my chin in his grip and staring into the copper-laced eyes of a madman
And as odd as it may have seemed at the time, I truly believed that I was feeding him.
But now, looking back at this day, I understand completely. Where I was, was exactly where my fate had put me, and there would have been nothing I could have done to have changed this. 
****
Chapter Nineteen
Sean


Sean told himself he would not use his black magic on her, but he changed his mind. Luna needed rest. She was not willing to seek hiatus on her own accord. And by the look she had in her eyes after he had kissed her, he could see that she was rallying-up for war against him. War would have been exciting, yes, but war would have to wait.
For now, quenching his thirst was far more important. 
Before he induced her with slumber, though, he would  have a taste of her. Yes, it would hurt her tremendously. Perhaps she would pass out from the pain that she was about to endure. But he doubted it. His Little One was far more persevering than any women he had ever known. She was, for certain, an anomaly. And of course she was. Luna was a Lanchester. A warrior. A descendent of the most fearsome mortal warriors this earth has ever seen.
Sean took Luna's face in both his hands and tipped her head back as far as it would go. His tongue salivated with the anticipation of her untainted blood. She tried to resist him, tried to kick her knee up into his face, but she was too slow for him. The combination of her feistiness and fear was a euphoric scent that rushed through her veins and caused his impatience and desire to flare upward into uncharted levels. 
He pinned her against the sofa with his massive form and draped her neck over the arm of the sofa to give himself perfect access. Even in this position, crushed beneath the weight of his body, Luna still struggled and tried to fight against him. She was a squirmy one. Stubborn. Did she truly believe there was a chance she could escape him? Had she not realized yet that she escaped only when  he allowed her to? 
He allowed her to escape him earlier. He had allowed her that little victory, simply to bring her here, into this exact predicament, fearing him more than she had the day before.
With an almost relaxed ease, Sean completely dominated her, pinning every part of her body down, so that she could no longer move.
To add that extra spice of pain to her flavor, Sean used Luna's hair to hold her head back, as he grazed the flesh of her neck just below her ear, scraping her skin and leaving  ribbons of crimson blood in the path of his mouth. It hurt her very much, and this caused her fear level to rise to much more satisfying heights. But this did not hurt her as much as would what was about to come. Despite the fact that he had every part of her body pinned down and secured tightly beneath him, Luna continued to struggle. This brought Sean to a whole new level of excitement, and he just could not resist her any longer. Sean centered his cuspids over a section of the artery in Luna's neck that was shooting blood from her heart to her brain. 
Then he stabbed his teeth into Luna's neck, digging in deeply. Blood burst into his mouth. Warm, scrumptious, titillating blood. The initial taste of her had gripped every part of his body and squeezed delightfully painfully, and he paused against his will, allowing the sensation to wash over him. Never in his very long life had he tasted anything so luscious.
As Luna screamed in sheer agony, Sean clamped his lips over her flesh and drew blood from her body. The taste of her was even sweeter than he had imagined, even more satiating than he had anticipated. The delicious blast of flavor was nearly too delectable to bear. It was difficult to control himself. His greed was nearly impossible to suppress.
But his Little One would perish in his arms, and soon, if he could not regain control of himself. 
Never would Sean find a more placating woman. 
He forced himself to detach his lips from her neck and pressed his palm over the wound so that it would heal.
"Sleep, my little One," he whispered into her ear. And just like that, he induced Luna with slumber. Sean took Luna's ear lobe with his teeth and bit down gently, trying, with all his might, to tame his wild and rampant desire for her.
Already, he wanted more. Already, he was utterly addicted.
He lifted his face to gaze down at Luna, now lying limp beneath him. 
Oh, how he wanted to ravish her. 
But not now. 
And especially not while she was incapacitated. No, he needed her writhing, he needed her squirming beneath him when he decided to take her. 
The time was coming.
Luna had disobeyed him. Dammon had disobeyed him. The two of them had both disobeyed Sean's command to stay away from one another. 
But even worse than this, Luna was in love with the half-breed demon. For this, alone, the two of them would suffer great melancholy.
****
Chapter Twenty
Barron


He pulled the razor blade out of the drawer and made a mad dash to the mirror in the bathroom. 
"I see you! I know you are there!" he yelled. At first, it was only his ragged, burly reflection staring back at him. But then, just as he knew it would, the image shifted and swirled and a black mist floated in the glass like goo in a hot lava lamp, taking the form of the demon. 
It was the black-winged one, this time. The one Barron loathed and feared the most. 
Black wings spread far and wide, with a span so great the mirror could not withhold its entirety. Long, black hair spilled around the demon's shoulders and blue-black obsidian eyes stared back at him from the mirror.
"Get out. Get out! I will not allow you to control me anymore!"
"We are linked by blood, Barron. The same blood that once made you so strong. You cannot resist me. You must do as I command you."
"Send through me the copper angel. He is kinder than you, by far! I am weak in my old age. You are wasting me away. Have mercy on me!"
"Your daughter is in danger. And only I have the power to protect her. There is something you must do for me." The black angel twitched his wings. Dark shadows curled around his arms like mist-bodied snakes.
"You leave my daughter alone! You have done enough damage to her through out the years. Through me, you have ruined her. Ruined her!"
"Only you, will I continue to harm. To the very end, I will harm you. There will be no granting of mercy. Now be silent! And obey."
Barron could not help but go silent. And he could not help but to obey. Later, though. He would certainly obey later. For now, he had to get him out.
He would cut him out. Bleed him out. One of these times it was going to work, and Barron hoped and prayed that this would be that time.
As the black angel whispered his commands into Barron's mind, Barron slashed the razor blade across his face and opened up a deep, thin gash in his cheek. With another lash of the blade, Barron opened up another long, thin line across his face.
"Get out!" he yelled at the demon, but he was alone now, with his own reflection in the mirror. Barron cut himself again and again and again. Over and over, Barron opened up his flesh, until the image in the mirror became something unrecognizable, until blood rained from his face.
Barron fell to the bathroom floor. But he did not, could not, escape the demons.
He had to obey. And dying would not be obedient. At least, not tonight it wouldn't be.
As Barron slipped into the deep, dark void that had become so very familiar to him, he saw his daughter's face   --his beautiful Moonshine, with angel-kissed hair turned white like the heavens, eyes bold and strong and divine--   and a trace of a smile touched his lips.
He knew he could not die. He could not leave his daughter to be the last of the Lanchester bloodline, the last of the portals through which the Sons of Lucifer roam.
But, as the black abyss drank Barron in, he understood that he was not the keeper of his fate, for Bane was. Barron would live only as Bane permitted him to. And Barron would die only when Bane wanted him to die.
****
Chapter Twenty-One
Luna


I woke to the sound of tapping. First it started solely in my mind, in a world void of dream and void of my Dark Angel. But then the sound moved out of my head and into the real world.
I opened my eyes to a dark room. It was my room, thankfully. Before the reality of where I'd been and what had happened only hours ago could fully take shape around me, I realized the tapping sound was coming from my window. I shot up in my bed and looked out to find Dammon tapping his fingertips on the windowpane.
I quickly slid the window open. The cool night air licked at my face, reminding me of Sean's tongue on my cheek when he had licked the tear away. 
Then it all came back to me, crashing violently into me. I had to grab the window frame to keep myself from falling backward. The impact of reality caused me to feel off-kilter. 
"Are you all right?" Dammon asked, reminding me that he was there.
"Yes," I said. "No." I sat down on the foot of the bed next to the window. "I don't know."
Dammon put his hand over mine. Only to quickly lift it back off. "I'm sorry. Your finger!" he said. Then he peered at it more closely. "What the hell!" His eyes darted up to me. "What the hell happened?"
"Dammon, I never heard you cuss before."
Dammon glanced nervously over his shoulder. Then, in a much quieter voice, he said,  "I can't stay. He's out here. He's watching you. But there are things you need to know about him, Luna. There are things you need to know about yourself, as well. It's very important---"
"Things I need to know about myself? For real? I'm pretty sure I know the things about myself, Dammon."
"No, I'm pretty sure you don't," he said, firmly. Then I remembered that when I met Dammon he had freaked out on me when I told him I was a Lanchester. I couldn't believe I had actually forgotten about that until now. 
"What don't I know about me?" I asked. 
Dammon glanced over one shoulder then the other. "Luna, Sean is out here, right now, watching you. I really don't have time to explain it all to you. Please, just promise me you will meet me tomorrow night behind Jesters Bar. I will take you to see Guenevere. She told me to tell you that she knows what it is the Dark Angel of your dreams longs to know and that she will explain everything."
"Bane? She knows about Bane? But. . .how?"
"Just promise me that you will meet me. She will tell you everything."
"I promise. Now, go! Hurry, before he finds you." I looked out over his head into the dark night. I could barely see a thing. The moon had been swallowed whole. The bloated clouds were evidence of their lunar ingestion.
"Ok. I'll see you tomorrow night then," he said. He was about to turn and leave, but I stopped him. I wasn't sure why it was so important to me to say what I had to say, but it was. I felt it in my gut.
"I want to leave him. I'm afraid of him," I said. "I want to be with you, Dammon." I watched a smile spread through his face, putting the sun where it belonged in his sky-blue eyes.
"K, go now," I pushed his arm away from the window sill and watched him disappear into the darkness. There were so many questions I wanted to ask him. But Dammon was in danger. When Sean undid the stitches in my finger, I really felt like he knew Dammon was the one who had put them there. 
Which meant Sean knew I was seeing Dammon behind his back.
Which meant Dammon was in trouble.  
I felt a little sick. A little dizzy.
I walked down the dark hallway, toward the living room. I was trying to remember how I had gotten home. Everything was so very clear up until Sean had told me to sleep. I was pretty sure the pain from his bite was just too much to bear, and that was why I ended up passing out. But a little voice inside my head said that it was magic, that Sean had the power to drag me into slumber against my will like Bane could.
And how the heck does he make the wound go away?
I cupped a hand to my neck as I crept into the dark living room. It would have been better if Sean was actually a vampire. With vampire teeth. The sharp ones. It would have certainly eased some of the pain of his bite. I had never felt such an excruciating pain as that before. And I never wanted to feel that again.
And I wouldn't! Because Sean was never going to bite me again. I would see to it that he wouldn't. I had to find a way to escape him. There was a part of me, the fighter within me, that assured my self that I would definitely find a way. But there was another part, one less stronger than the fighter in me, that said escaping Sean was utterly impossible.
I snuck up to the kitchen window and looked out. I didn't see a silver Cadillac parked anywhere on the street. But, dugh, if I were going to spy on someone, I wouldn't park my car out side that someone's house. 
Sean was out there somewhere, though. I could feel him and that dark, spooky presence of his. I could feel him as though he was right here in this very room with me.
I shivered and started to move away from the window. Slowly, I began to back out of the kitchen, while keeping my eyes on the darkness outside the window. I was just inside the living room, when I backed into something solid. I screeched as I spun around on my heels, knowing I would find Sean, knowing he was about to grab me up.
But no one was there.
I had backed up into something solid, and yet no one was there.
Goose bumps spread over my entire body. I froze with fear. Even though there was no one there, there was definitely something there. I could sense it. Not only could I feel something dark, something spooky, floating in the air before me, I could hear it. The nothingness right in front of me was breathing. It was inhaling and exhaling, slowly and deeply.
"Sean?" I asked the empty living room around me. And, unexpectedly, it responded.
In a flash, something wet and soft licked my cheek in a downward stroke. I screamed, swatting at the air in front of my face, but by then, it was gone. That something was no longer in my house. I could feel the exact moment that it vanished into nowhere and I was left with an empty nothingness.
I had a hard time convincing myself that it was safe to move. I was afraid that if I moved that something would return, just as quick as it had vanished, and it would grab me. Yet, I was afraid that if I stood there any longer, that something would come up from behind and attack me.
I ran through the living room, down the hall to my bedroom and closed the door behind me. I jumped into my bed and wrapped myself in the blankets, tightly, leaving no cracks except for a little peek-hole. Somethings could get in through tiny cracks, especially the Somethings that were made from the Nothings.
Bane! My mind cried out for him automatically.
Dammon would not be able to save me from Sean. 
The preacher man would not be able to save me.
I could not save my self from Sean. 
No one could save me from him. 
But I knew in my heart that Bane could.
If only he was real.
"But he's not," I whispered into my little cocoon. Surely, one day I would come to believe this in my heart. Surely, one day I would accept the fact that Bane was only a figment of my imagination. 
But until then, I had to keep hearing myself say the words. "Bane is not real!" But saying this only made me feel more frightened and alone.
Sean was a kind of demon like my father. This meant it would take someone like Bane to keep me safe from him. Because, no matter how tough I felt I was, Sean was, by far, much tougher than I. And there was no man capable of besting Sean. I was certain of this.
Bound---
I was bound to Sean, somehow.
But somehow I was going to find a way to unbind my self from him. When I did, would I finally stop aching to be near him?
I closed my eyes, hoping the sheer desperation of my desire would manifest Bane into the real world.
****
Chapter Twenty-Two
Luna


It felt like I had just fallen asleep, when someone started banging on my door. I peeled my tiered eyes open and looked through the peek-hole in the blankets. My room was now flooded with sunlight.
"Luna! Luna you have to wake up!" Addy sounded panicked.  And I had a feeling I knew why. Addy only panicked when something was wrong with Barron. I couldn't count the times she had woke me in the wee-hours of morning or in the middle of the night with that panicked voice.
My bedroom door opened, and Addy filled my room with her hysteria. "I just got a call from the hospital in the city," she said, the words rushing out of her.
"Yeah, they have your number on speed-dial," I grumbled. I tossed the blankets away from me and sat up in my bed.
"They found him last night. He's in pretty bad shape. He lost a lot of blood."
"How many times can he actually do this before someone stuffs him in a straightjacket and locks him up in a padded cell in some asylum somewhere? That, and I have often wondered, if he keeps bleeding almost to death, will he still have any Lanchester blood left in his veins? He couldn't technically be a Lanchester anymore, could he? That would mean I am the last one," I said, faking my best fake smile.
Addy sat down on the bed beside me, which grabbed my attention. She took one of my hands in hers, the wounded one, and squeezed just a little. It was easy to ignore the sting in my finger, due to the fact that Addy was touching me. 
"His heart stopped," she said, looking at me with pleading eyes, as if I had the power to heal him, as if I could do something to help him. "He nearly died," she choked on that last word. Tears came to her eyes. "I'm going to the city to see him. Do you want to come with me?"
I was taken aback by this question. But I didn't even get the chance to think about how stupid her question was, because Addy quickly spoke again. "You never know when it will be the last time you ever get to see your father, Luna."
This upset me. How could she expect that I'd ever want to see him again? I had wished death upon him numerous times. Why would I regret its actual coming? 
Then again, maybe I would regret it. 
I knew my father was sick. I knew the things he'd done to me were acts of that sickness. But it didn't change the fact that these things had been done. It didn't make the hurt any more tolerable. And it didn't help me to forgive him.
Oh, god, I did'"t know how to forgive him.
Yet, I was sad, if only a little, to hear how close Barron had come to death again. In all actuality, beneath the hurt, I felt sorry for Barron. And some of those times I had wished death upon him was only because I thought he'd be better off being put out of his misery. I didn't want to admit I had a soft spot in my heart for Barron, one I kept hidden beneath the pain he'd caused me. How crazy would I be, if I admitted to myself that I cared about a man who violently abused me my whole life? 
Addy had always tried to keep the details of Barron's sickness a secret, so I didn't understand too much of what was going on with him. But I was there. I grew up with the monster Addy had married. I saw things I wasn't supposed to see, no matter how much Addy tried to veil my eyes. And from what I saw, I was convinced that Barron was possessed by the devil.
I shivered. The memories were all so clear and fresh.
"No. I don't want to go," I said, pulling my hand out of hers. I barely felt the pain it caused when her fingers slid over the opened wound. Right now, there were deeper wounds that were hurting far more than the flesh wound on my finger. 
Addy stared at me without saying anything. The disappointment in her eyes was all too familiar to me. I hated it there. I truly hated it more than I hated anything in the world. How could she look at me like this, after knowing what I'd been through? How could she possibly not understand why I expressed a little bitterness toward my father?
"I thought you would say that," she said. Her tone was now frigid. She got up off the bed and went to the door, but instead of leaving, she stopped in the doorway and turned to look at me. "That is why I asked Doug to stay here with you tonight."
"What? I don't need a babysitter! I don't want some strange guy in the house with me," I complained.
"It surprises me that you would be concerned about being alone with a strange guy," Addy said, her tone heavy with accusation. "Try not to flirt with my husband-to-be." On that note, Addy left the room, leaving me there with my shock. I had to wonder if Addy was crazy enough to be jealous of the fact that Barron had given me so much attention while growing up in his house. Sure it was bad attention, but was it possible Addy hated me because of it? If not, why the freak did I strongly believe this to be true? 
From the living room, I heard Addy whisper something to someone.
"It will be alright, Adeline. Don't you fret. I will take good care of her. Nothing is going to happen to her, while I am around. Now you better go. I will see you in the morning," I heard Doug say.
I sat on the edge of my bed, trying to ignore the feelings Addy had re-hatched inside me. I wondered why Addy would feel concerned enough about me that she would leave me with a babysitter. This was weird. Something wasn't right about this. When the hell did Addy start giving a hoot about me? Or maybe that wasn't it. Maybe she knew Doug was a monster and that he would hurt me the moment she left the house. 
I would have to interrogate Doug and find out why Addy wanted him to stay here tonight. And I would have to be prepared to kick his scrawny but, if he did so happen to be a monster and was going to try something stupid.
With haste, I showered and dressed, shoved the mountain of belongings into the closet and then went to the kitchen for something to eat. I was excited about seeing Dammon tonight. It kept me light-hearted. I was actually going to spend some real time with him. And, yeah, his mother.
Addy was gone, by the time I made my way to the living room. Doug was sitting on the couch. He had to have been there for a while, by the looks of things. As I pored myself a bowl of cereal, which I was excited to have discovered in the cupboard,  I noticed the mess he'd made. He had a leather book in his lap and papers and notebooks and various other books spread out all around him. But it was a tidy mess, an organized one.
"Good morning, Luna," he said. He lifted his head from the book in his lap and smiled, shifting his attention to me. It was a genuine smile, not one a monster could pull-off so well. "How was your night?"
"Good morning. It was---"  I stopped to think about my answer. Lying to a preacher man didn't feel like such a good idea. "Interesting," I said, satisfied with this answer, since it was so very close to the truth, if not dead-on. "What is all that stuff you got going on over there?" I nodded my head at the mess of books he'd made around him self.
"Study material for my next sermon," Doug said. He was polite. He didn't seem upset that I had interrupted him. He didn't even look impatient about getting back to his work. Doug gave me his full, undivided attention. And, best of all, I didn't see demons scurrying about in his gaze. If they were there, I definitely would have felt them.
Unless they were sleeping.
"What's a sermon?" I asked around a mouth full of Cocoa Balls.
"Well, it's a collection of information about a particular area in the bible that a preacher would preach about."
"Is that what's in your lap? A bible?"
"Yes, it is. Would you like to look at it?"
"No. I'm not a reader-kinda-gal. So, what's your sermon about?"
Doug's face lit up a little more than it already was, which I didn't think was even possible. The man already looked like he was going to illuminate himself to death at any moment. His passion for what he did was evident in everything about him. 
"Well, this one is going to be more geared toward the women of the congregation. The married ladies, to be more specific. It is a collection of verses that teaches about what God expects from her. But it is not limited to the woman. I would be interjecting a few of God's purposes for the husband, as well."
It was easy to tell this guy was totally into what he was doing and that his passion ran deep. "Hugh. So, what kind of things does your God expect from married people?" I was genuinely curious. If Doug's god was a guy then I was pretty sure I already knew what his god expected from a woman.
Doug looked more than eager to answer this question. So much so that when he slid to the edge of the couch, he didn't notice that he'd dropped a notebook and that a few papers had fallen to the floor. "The bible teaches us a lot about this! But to name a few, First Corinthians, Chapter Seven, verses one through five say; it is good for a man not to touch a woman. Nevertheless, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own wife, and let every woman have her own husband. Let the husband render unto the wife due benevolence: and likewise also the wife unto the husband. The wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband: and likewise also the husband hath not power of his own body, but the wife. Defraud ye not one the other, except it be with consent for a time, that ye may give yourselves to fasting and prayer; and come together again, that Satan tempt you not for your incontinency.
"Ephesians, Chapter Five, verses twenty-one through twenty-nine say; Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God. Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the savior of the body. Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in everything. Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it; That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word, That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish. So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself. For no man ever yet hated his own flesh; but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the church."
Wow! I was pretty impressed that Doug had all that memorized. But I had no idea what the heck it all meant, so I wasn't exactly sure what to say.
"If you don't mind me asking, have you saved yourself for your future husband, Luna?"
I was caught off guard by this question. I certainly was not expecting it. At first I wanted to tell him that it was none of his freaking business. But I actually found myself comfortable around Doug. He was kind of cool. At least, he didn't seem to be a monster. I just couldn't help but wonder if maybe he was different than all the other men I'd known. 
Did men of God beat their women? It was hard to imagine them not doing so, but I felt a spark of hope, excitement even, for Addy. After the life she's had, she deserved to be treated kindly. I may have been laden with the grudges I had against her, but I loved Addy. And I cared about her well-being.
"I have. Addy doesn't think so. She's called me a whore more than a few times. Guys follow me around like lost puppies, so she assumes I sleep with them. I don't know what her problem is, really. She just thinks the worst of me in every way."
"Adeline needs some work. We all do. Even an old preacher man like me. We never stop needing work, really. But thank God we were given an instruction manual," Doug said. He lifted his bible from his lap and waved it in the air. 
I giggled at him. What a funny thing to say. Of course there was no such thing as an instruction manual for mankind or else some people would be getting it right. 
I looked at Doug a little differently now, examining him just a little more thoroughly, trying to see through him and into the secret stuff most people kept hidden beneath the visible surface.
Was Doug getting it right? He had the manual in the palm of his hands. He even had some of it memorized. Was it possible Doug was truly a good guy?
"So, where do you preach? I mean, in a church of course, but where at?"
"Nowhere, yet. I preached in a church out west, but I'm still waiting to hear from the Lord about where he wants me to serve Him next."
"Then why are you writing a sermon?"
Doug picked up a thick, over-stuffed folder, one that looked pretty much in need of retirement, and he waved it up in the air like he did with his bible. A sticky-note fluttered to the floor. A look of hopelessness filled his expression, but it did nothing in the way of snubbing-out that inner glow of his.  "Can't stop. It's an addiction. Like your mother and chocolate," he said.
I had no idea Addy had an addiction to chocolate, which told me that Doug new more about Addy than I did.
I smiled at Doug, as I took my last bite of cereal. Now that I broke the ice, it was time to accomplish my mission. Since I had already determined that Doug was not a monster, all I had to do know was figure out why Addy wanted him to baby-sit me. 
"So, why does Addy want you here? I mean, tonight? It's just kinda weird because she's never cared about leaving me alone before."
"Oh, it's not that she hadn't cared! She just never had any other options until now. Adeline feels remorseful about having left you alone most of the time. That is partially why I told her to quit her second job. Eventually I would like to see her quit the first one too. A woman's place is at home. It is the man's curse to work and to provide."
I was getting led off-track, and I couldn't let him do that. There was more to Doug spending the night here tonight, I just knew it. 
"What else? Why does she not want me to be alone?" I suddenly thought about the entity I felt in the house with me last night. The lick on my cheek. Maybe Addy somehow knew about it. Maybe Addy believed Doug was exactly what this house needed, in order to keep out what ever was in here last night. If so, Addy was alone in that belief. A big part of me doubted Doug was powerful enough to go up against an entity such as the one that was here last night. Then again, maybe Doug could blind it to death with that light of his.
"Well, I am sorry, but I better not be the one to tell you without speaking to your mother first. You know how dramatic she can be," he said, with a sympathetic grin on his face.
"Yeah, I do!" And I was glad I wasn't the only one who knew. It was nice that Doug didn't totally stand up for Addy and get all defensive about her. "I'll let you get back to work, there. I have something I need to take care of," I said.
"Your mother wants you home by nine. And I'll see about getting back your keys for that really cool motorcycle you got sitting in that shed out back. If you are home by nine, that is. Forty-one Knucklehead, right?"
"Yeah! That's her."
Doug seemed to be examining the excitement I was displaying on my face. With a warm smile, he stared at me momentarily. "Be back by nine, Luna," he said. Then he was quickly sucked away from me and reabsorbed by his work.
Yup, I was really going to like this guy, especially if he had the power to get the keys to my motorcycle back to me. 
And I was definitely going to try to be home by nine, even if it was a fact that I didn't need my key back in order to start my Harley. She started just fine without one. 
But Doug didn't need to know this. 
****
Chapter Twenty-Three
Luna


My intentions were to simply go to the park and retrieve the notebook I had left in the grass beside the dam, but when I saw the group of kids swinging from a rope swing on the south side of the park, I was distracted. So I decided to go check it out.
I blamed my loneliness for being drawn to the small group of teens at the river's edge. The sound of their laughter. The fact that they looked so carefree, so un-infested by demons, unaware that the world was such an evil place. 
And what would it be like to have companionship beyond the perimeters of my dreams?
I had Dammon. But then again, companionship with Dammon put him on the endangered species list. 
There was Sean. But I couldn't call what Sean and I shared companionship. 
There was Addy. Yeah, no companionship happening there!
I was truly alone. Even though this had never bothered me before, for some reason hearing that laughter made it bother me now. What would it be like to be normal, to live a normal, mundane life, to have normal parents and a normal, demon-less mind?
All that stuff sounded a little boring, but it had to be better than what I'd experienced.
A group of sopping-wet teens, of both boys and girls, had been dropping from the rope swing and into the river. Every one of them had stopped what they were doing when I walked up to them. Even the guy swinging across the river. Of course, the rope itself didn't stop, but he seemed to have. I suddenly wondered if maybe I was the only one incapable of seeing the gaping hole in my neck that Sean had to have left after there after biting me, because the way these kids were looking at me made it seem as though there was something horribly wrong with me. 
Then I remembered. 
How could have I forgotten? 
I was a freak. With long, knee-length white hair. One blue eye. One green eye. Of course they would be looking at me like they were.
I was going to keep walking by and pretend I had some other destination in mind, when one of the girls stepped forward. She had long, dishwater-blond hair, and was wearing a very skimpy bikini. Her near-nakedness was probably what had drawn this crowd to begin with. I didn't get it. Why did girls show there bodies this way? I always felt like it was a disgrace to the female species.
"You can't be here," bikini-girl said, snootily. These were exactly the types of girls I used to beat-up in school.
"Oh yeah?" I challenged. "And why not? This just so happens to be a public park. And guess what? I just so happen to be part of the public."
"No, you're not part of the public," said one of the boys in the crowd.
"Because you're Sean's," said Bikini-Girl. I detected a hint of jealousy in her tone, buried beneath the sound of detest.
"So, get out of here," said another girl.
"Before he sees us," someone else said.
I was confused. Why would they be concerned about Sean seeing them with me? I wanted more information, but the crowd began to take on a slightly hostile attitude. Some of the girls were whispering amongst themselves, while others backed away from me, mostly the guys, making a show of disassociation. The guys turned their backs to me and quickly walked away, pretending I wasn't even there and they went on about their business. Only a few girls stayed, hovering close to Bikini-Girl.
I looked around and didn't see Sean anywhere, which made me even more confused.
"I told you to leave," said Bikini-Girl. Then she shoved me in the shoulders.
What happened next wasn't exactly my fault. It was reflex, really. Like when a doctor taps a knee and the entire leg kicks out.  I threw my fist at Bikini-Girl, landing my knuckles square in her nose. Bikini-girl flew backward and landed in the arms of one of her hovering friends. I knocked her out cold. My punches always seemed to have this effect on girls like her, girls that had never taken a beating before.
I decided that this was an excellent time to go get that notebook I'd left near the dam, so I turned and headed in that direction. 
I was really surprised to find that no one had come after me. But after thinking about this for a moment, I determined why no one had. For some strange reason, these kids believed they shouldn't be around me because I was Sean's. Maybe they feared what Sean would do to them if one of them had come after me. Which made me wonder what Sean was going to do to Bikini-Girl.
I climbed down the river bank and stopped where I had ditched the notebook. To my surprise, it was still there. I bent over the spot where I had buried my poem and the words I'd written, confessing my love for three men. The now earth-saturated paper was still there. I quickly un-crumpled it and opened it up to read it once again. Or maybe I simply wanted to torment myself some more. After over-reacting and knocking Bikini-Girl out, I deserved a little torment.
I looked at the paper. Only, it wasn't mine. The penmanship was far more elaborate and old-world looking than my hand was capable of. And, as hard as it was to believe to be possible, what had been written was far more disturbing than what I had written.
There where three names written, is all. The first two had check-marks next to them. The last name did not. But I had a feeling it was pending one.
Sean
Dammon
Bane
I stared at this for quite some time, trying to understand. Someone, undoubtedly Sean, had replaced my poem with the three names of the men I believed I loved. There were check marks next to Sean and Dammon's names. It reminded me of a to-do list. Sean's name was checked off because this was Sean's to-do list. And of course Bane's name wasn't checked of.
Good luck finding him!
But the thing that disturbed me the most was the check mark next to Dammon's name. Why? Why was there a check mark there?
My heart sped up.
In the back of my mind I was certain I knew the answer to this question. Dammon's name was checked off Sean's to-do list because he had taken care of it. He had taken care of the fact that I believed I loved him.
But how?
My heart quickened even more. 
If anything where to happen to Dammon, I'd never forgive myself! 
I would tell him tonight, that I couldn't see him again until I broke up with Sean. And I would do exactly that. I would never see Dammon again, no matter how much it would pain me. I had to keep Dammon safe. It was selfish of me to have jeopardize his safety.
That's when it hit me.
"Oh, God!" I whispered to the trees around me. "Sean knows!"
Sean knew Dammon was the one who put the stitches in my finger. Sean knew I was still seeing Dammon behind his back! Sean knew Dammon was one of the three men I believed I loved! 
Sean knew!
My eyes dropped to the check mark next to Dammon's name, and dark, mucky defeat oozed through my gut, as if I was already too late to save Dammon.
Dammon was in serious trouble. I had to find him. And now. I could not wait until tonight.
But what if it was too late?
What if Sean had done something---
I dropped the notebook and the crumpled-up paper and I ran.
****
Chapter Twenty-Four
Bane


Night was drawing nigh in my own world, as well as it was in the little town of Burling. But it was my world that faded into near nonexistence, as I watched through Luna's eyes. Her world unfurled around her. I curled into myself in the dark corner of the cave, wrapped my wings about my body and shut myself off from my own world. 
I had to stay focused. 
Nothing could distract me now. 
Luna already weakened me greatly. My emotions for her   --still so alien to me--   caused me to let down my guard as it was. In this state of weakness, I was incapable of protecting her mind to my fullest potential. For there, guarding her in her thoughts, keeping my brothers from slipping into her mind, was the extent of my protection. I could keep my brothers from slipping inside of her permanently, if only I could focus fully. 
But I couldn't focus fully. My own emotions were my Achilles' Heel. This is why the Hylander was able to put her to sleep with his whisperings. 
I would do the best I could. It was all I could do for now. Though soon, I would do more   --far more--   than just this.
But it was not My Moon who needed my protection this very moment.
I closed my eyes and slithered along the dark ethereal cord that linked me to the half-breed and I snaked speedily from my world and into his.
Only to be instantly pained. 
As my eyes focused on what was above me, I felt the pain slice deeply through my center. Quickly, the pain lessened, as I was able to fully settle into the being of the half-breed.
"Awe, so you have returned, Bane," The Hylander said. He was sitting on top of the half-breed. His arm was raised high above his head in a position to strike again. The dagger was soaked in blood. The blood slid down the Hylander's forearm and dripped from his elbow. 
"I was wondering if you would join us." The Hylander swung the dagger down. With ease, he buried the blade deep into the half-breed's belly. I twisted the half-breed's cry on his tongue and swelled within him, spreading beyond the mere ethereal connection between him and I and I took full possession. 
The half-breed would feel no pain.
"You are weak, Bane! You have gone soft! How dare you rob me of the very pleasure I've been anticipating for hundreds of years? Get out! I will hear his screams of pain! Get out!" The Hylander swung the dagger down again and then again. Over and over, in a fit of rage, the Hylander buried the dagger deep within the body of the half-breed who lied beneath him.
I was limited by the vessel in which I possessed. I could do no more for him than what I had already done. I quieted his crying. I cloaked his pain. But I could not undo what had already been done.
The boy was slipping fast. His own spirit was slithering through its own ethereal cords. Blackness swirled in, filling the spaces his spirit was leaving behind.
The boy closed his eyes and gave up his ghost.
With a jolt, I was hurled back to my own world.
And I knew mourning.
I did not mourn for the half-breed, nor for the loss of a vessel that allowed me to reside, periodically, next door to My Lady Moon. I mourned for Luna, for her heart was about to be shattered.
****
Chapter Twenty-Five
Luna


It was late. I looked everywhere for Dammon, but he was nowhere to be found. Burling was a small town. There weren't too many places he could've been. I tried to figure out where his mother, Guenevere, lived, but no one would tell me. 
No one would talk to me. 
It was when Dammon did not meet me in the alley behind Jesters, that I really started to worry. I kept thinking about that check mark next to his name. As the night dragged on and on, I became more and more distraught. My gut was telling me that something was horribly wrong. That Sean had done something to Dammon. I tried to ignore it, but it just kept nagging and tugging on my insides. 
The sun had set long ago. I didn't know what time it was, but I was certain it was long passed my curfew. Addy was going to pawn my Harley. As much as this was going to suck, it really didn't matter right now. All that mattered was that I find Dammon.
I decided to check back at his house, for the third time that night, so I started walking in that direction. This time I took the Highway for its straight and quicker route to the trailer park.
As soon as I saw the police cars and ambulance parked at the car wash, I knew in my heart what had happed.
There in the middle of the deserted Highway, I came to an abrupt stop. 
I was afraid to move forward. 
I could only stand there, at first, staring at the flashing lights. I was too afraid of what I might find if I were to keep walking.
Finally, I was able to peel my bare feet from the pavement and will my legs to start moving me forward. 
The commotion seemed mostly to be between the car wash and the trees, which gave me a little false sense of relief. But the closer I got, the more I realized that it was in the trees where the emergency response teams were gathered. 
In the trees, where Sean had thrown me down and threatened Dammon's life.
Suddenly, something like adrenaline shot through my body without warning, and I took off in a mad dash. I shot across the Highway, sloshed through the mucky ditch and ran into the trees at the front of the car wash. I made a big circle, following the stream, until I reached the other side of the concrete structure. I slowed my pace when I was able to see the light through the trees. 
Then I crept closer. 
A spotlight shown in the trees in what looked to be the same exact spot where Sean had taken me when he warned me to stay away from Dammon. Yellow police tape had been wound around the trees, creating a large perimeter around the spot of light. It was, indeed, the same exact spot where Sean had thrown me to the ground.
I crept closer. 
My heart caused my entire body to pound.
Uniformed men were coming and going in and out of the circle of light. I could hear their voices but I couldn't make out what they were saying. There was a camera flashing. People were circled around something on the ground.
I crept closer.
I heard someone say something about identifying the body through dental records, before the voices, the sounds, the commotion, all slipped into the backdrop of my mind, and I could see what everyone else was looking at.
"Dammon," I heard my voice but I was not aware that I had even used it. I was not aware of anything anymore. Except for the fact that Dammon's body, now unrecognizable to anyone but me, was lying in a pool of crimson blood. He had been stabbed so many times that it looked like he had been ground-up in a meat grinder. The dagger was still there, stabbed into his right eye with a force that had driven it deep into the earth at the back of his skull. The hilt was just barely above his eye socket.
I couldn't feel my legs. They buckled-up beneath me and my knees stabbed into the ground.
But my eyes could not leave Dammon's face. At least, it used to be Dammon's face. Someone's fury had turned it into a meaty, mangled, bloody mess.
Tears filled my eyes, blurring my vision, smearing the image of Dammon's body like water on ink, and I collapsed into a ball on the forest floor, consumed by the sea in the corners of my mind.
****


Time moved in strange, jerking increments. Some of those pieces of time went totally missing all together, fragmenting and spraying off and away from me like scintillating star-bursts. I wasn't sure how long I had been lying there like that, but when arms collected me and lifted me from the ground, I saw light in the sky through some naked branches above me and I vaguely realized that it must have been dawn's early light.
It made no sense to me when I next blinked, opened my eyes and found myself in my bedroom, curled in a fetal position on my bed. But it didn't matter. 
Nothing did. 
And nothing ever would again, because I was not in the midst of angels anymore. At least, not the ones that were adored by the heavens above.
Days and nights sort of melded together. But eventually the swirling of my days began to slow.
It was dark in my room when I heard the rapping of knuckles on my bedroom door.
"Luna," Sean's voice cut through the pieces of my broken heart like a razor blade. "Your time for mourning is over. Your mother wishes for you to come out of your room now. I do believe she is right. It is time to face a brand new day. Time to face reality."
It was the sound of Sean's voice that kick-started my heart. Adrenaline seared through my veins like hot pulses of lightning. The man who murdered my angel was now standing on the other side of my bedroom door.
"Luna?" Addy's voice crackled with worry. 
And he was standing next to my mother.
"Are you all right? I'm so sorry about your friend, but you have to come out of your room, Luna," Addy said.
Something came over me. And it came over me so fast that I didn't even see it coming. I shot up off the bed and stormed across the room. A demon of my own suddenly unleashed itself inside me. I swung the door open, swinging my fist, landing it in Sean's jaw with a power and strength that could not have been my own. Then I shoved him hard, causing him to step back and pin Addy up against the wall behind him. Then I punched him again, this time in the chin. In the back of my mind I was bothered by the fact that he was so close to Addy, but I knew he would not harm her. It was me he was after.
But he would not have me. He would not catch me.
The punch distracted Sean, causing his head to turn away from me and his hand to raise so that his fingers could touch the fresh blood that was beginning to trickle from one of his nostrils. 
I ran. 
Not because I was afraid, but because I just couldn't vent. The punches only made me angrier. The rage in me was only growing stronger. Everything that had ever ticked me off, was now all wadding-up together to form a giant ball of pure, unadulterated rage. This rage swallowed every other emotion, until I felt nothing but rage. And I was nothing more than a savage, brutal animal inside.
I ran out the front door and flew across the yard to the metal shed, pushing the door open hard. It was dark. The moon offered none of her light for me to see, but I knew my bike by heart. I straddled the Harley, kicked away her stand and then kicked her into life. She roared as if growling out for me, as if she was already trying to help me find release. I cranked the gas, and she rumbled between my legs, eager to please me, eager to have a part in my venting.
Sean stepped into the center of the yard. 
Addy ran down the steps of the porch. "Do not ride that thing while you are so upset! Luna! You obey your mother. Get off that motorcycle, this very instant!" She was screaming and I barely even heard her.
I tore out of the shed, nearly clipping my rear tire on the door frame on my way out, and I flew passed Sean and his failed attempt to catch me. I flipped on the head light and pealed out onto the gravel road, leaving Sean and Addy and the whole entire rest of the freaking world in a plume of dust. 
And it could stay there and float away, for all I cared.
Except for Dammon. 
I took him with me. Not even the wild rush of wind could carry him away. Dammon would always be with me. Forever in my heart, he would be.
And so would the guilt. Forever in my heart, it would be. I would take it with me. The guilt belonged to me. 
I had earned it.
****
Chapter Twenty-Six
Bane


My Lady Moon soared like I did. I soared with her, through her, sharing my sensations of flight. I channeled them through to her, trying to help her find her release. Together we flew, melancholy powering our spirits. I felt for her. I mourned for her. When she unwillingly slowed to a stop, I slowed with her. Only vaguely was I aware of my own location, high up in the snow-capped mountains, until I came to rest in a high branch far above and away from Snow Melt.
Lady Moon kicked the tire of her machine and cursed a profanity. The night around her was dark and confining. She was a good distance away from Burling. She was alone, with nothing but a desolate Highway and cornfields around her. I was alert for her, for she was careless and reckless. As I allowed her melancholy to fade from my own being, I found myself angry with My Lady Moon. She could have harmed herself by driving so recklessly on that machine of hers.
The Hylander was coming for her. She did not know this, but I did. I was, without choice, linked to my brothers and father, in much the same way as I was linked to Luna. By Blood. The Lanchester blood. 
I knew what my brother's plans were for her. I knew what he would do next, and it angered me far more than anything ever had before in my thousands of years of life.
But once again, there was nothing I could do, but watch.
Rancor boiled beneath my flesh and seared through my veins, pumping through the hallow bones of my wings and erupting into caustic flames that lashed out at the sky from my contour feathers. Each and every barb spat fire, as I leapt from the tree top and dropped into a stiff dive. Down toward the mountain top, I dove. I grazed the snow as I soared over the mountain peak, leaving a spray of ice crystals at my sides. Snow popped on my hot flesh. An avalanche broke free of the mountain's face and went crumbling down the mountain side. I threw my self into a deep drift, trying to cool my self down. With snow up to my waist, I sat in the pitch night, aware that the dampening of the inferno within me was useless. The putrid stench of my feathers cooling in the snow filled my nostrils, their sizzling and popping the prelude to a deplorable silence.
While in My lady Moon's world, the Hylander drew nigh to her. He was not in a form that she would recognize. Like the wind, he moved. He was the darkness himself, cloaked in the very essence of what my father ruled.
She would not see him coming. And even if she did, there would be no escape from him this time.
I tipped my head to the black, starless sky and I roared like the beast I am.
****
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Luna


I wasn't so sure why I was so mad at my bike. It wasn't like it was her fault I hadn't checked to see how much gas was in the tank. It wasn't like she could tell me, or anything, that I was about to run out. And it was even sillier of me to be so upset about how heavy she was. But I finally figure out why so many people called my bike a Hog. She was definitely beastly. The slightest incline in the road had me panting and struggling to keep pushing. I almost tipped her over several times. I wasn't so sure I was going to make it all the way back to town. 
But back to town was not where I wanted to go. I never wanted to go back there again. I thought about waiting on the side of the road until Addy came looking for me. I would act like a spoiled brat and demand that we never go back to Burling again. I'd even stomp my foot and everything. Maybe even pucker my bottom lip. What ever it took, I'd do it. Even if I had to run away from my mother. Sean was in Burling. And I absolutely refused to be anywhere near him. I could care less about the awful ache his absence generated inside me. Heck, I could learn to live with that. But I could never learn to live with an angel slayer demon like Sean. Never again. I didn't care that I was accustomed to that sort of violence. I did not want it in my life anymore. And I would not accept it in my life any more.
Done! I was done with all that.
I leaned my bike on the kick stand and decided to rest for a minute or two. I had to think. I spent days avoiding reality, and now it was time to face the truths.
Dammon was gone. 
It took all I had to keep the image of his mangled body from rising to the surface of my mind. I could feel it constantly bobbing there, threatening to emerge. 
Another truth was that I was the one who did that to him. I murdered Dammon. No, it was not my hand that drove the dagger into his body, but in a sense, it really was.
Another truth was that Sean Hylander was supernatural. He had abilities that went above and beyond what any normal man was capable of. 
And he murdered my angel. 
There was no doubt in my mind that what had happened to Dammon was Sean's doing. I wasn't sure how I could ever face him again. And since it was becoming quite clear that I was not going to be able to escape him, facing him again might have been inevitable.
Another truth, yet one far less important to me at the time, was the fact that I had punched Sean. Not just once, but twice. I was certain he had allowed me to do so, or it wouldn't have happened. And maybe it was because Addy was there. By him not doing anything, made me look like the bad guy and made him look like the victim.
But the last time I struck him, I found myself completely at his mercy in Moss river, threatened by the possibility of being drowned. I was more than eager to obey his command when he warned me not to ever do anything like that again. I promised him I wouldn't. Yes, my promise was made under duress. Yes, I was coerced into making it, but I broke that promise all the same. So, this very fact alone guaranteed that facing Sean again would be a very unpleasant experience.
I tried to tell him that I am un-teachable and that I have a serious issue with being bossed around, but he must not have understood that I wasn't joking. Sean was not going to be able to bend me to his will, because I was unbendable. The underlying truth, though, as much as I hated to admit it, was that I was in trouble. Big trouble. And seeing that Sean was capable of murder, made me even more aware of my dangerous situation.
But I wasn't afraid. Not at the moment, anyway.
No, I was pissed.
I took a deep breath of cool, crisp air and focused on the here and now. Here and now, I didn't give a damn about my life. Here and now, Sean could come and squeeze the air out of my throat, for all I cared. I didn't care, but I at least wanted to be given the chance to kick his evil butt before I died.
I laughed. There in the dark, alone, on a deserted road, I laughed. There, with the images of Dammon's corps bobbing on the surface of my mind, I laughed. And the laughter became contagious, like one of those coughing fits I get when I get sick.
I was sick, alright. Just like my father.
The thought of Barron was like a double dose of cough syrup. Abruptly, I stopped laughing and I forced myself to refocus on the here and now.
Off to my right, in the distance, I could see the twinkling lights of Burling. Other than that, the night was dark as sin. The night seemed to have swallowed everything within it. I wondered why it refused to take me. I felt a little offended by this
Stupid night!
I couldn't see the road very far ahead of me or the trees beyond the fields. I could barely see the ditches. It was kind of freaky. The night time had always been my favorite time, but not this night. Something was wrong with this night, and it had nothing to do with the fact that it offended me by refusing to drink me up.
I shook off the chill that was creeping down my spine, and told my self that I was simply  recovering from the shock of Dammon's brutal murder, and that after all that had transpired in the last several days  --no, scratch that. In the last seventeen years--   it was only natural to feel a little freaked out. And offended because I wasn't drunk up by the night.
But that only lasted the length of that thought. This was not silly. I couldn't fool myself into believing that the darkness around me was natural. 
And that something wasn't moving within it.
Then I realized that this was the same form of darkness that had always surrounded Bane in my dreams. It was a darkness that had a life of its very own. It was the same kind of darkness that was jealous of Bane's love for me.
But, if it was really possible for the darkness to escape me, then was it possible that Bane could escape me too?
"Bane?" I whispered. While I held my breath and listened for a response, my irrational mind suggested that I had finally cracked, and that it was this cracking that enabled Bane to come out of my head. But that idea faded quickly, as the darkness pressed in on me, slithering closer. 
This was not Bane. 
Bane had the same potent, malevolent feel about him, but never in his presence did I feel as threatened as I did right now.
"Sean?" The name barely left my lips, when I sensed something behind me. 
Before I could turn around, something swept down the back of my arm, something that felt like feathery-soft knuckles. I whirled around, expecting to find Sean, but there was nothing there but inky, gooey darkness. Paranoid, I spun back around.
And there he was. Sean was standing only inches away from me. 
I screeched with surprise and jumped backward. Sean took my elbow in his firm grasp and gave me a jerk forward, putting me right back where I was, inches in front of him. 
"Oh, what an arduous little creature you are, Luna Lanchester," he said, looking down at me with stunning, copper-colored eyes.  There was no sapphire color left in them. "It is your warrior blood." He licked his bottom lip with a slow tongue. "Your delectable, nectarous blood is to blame, my Little One. The fight still stirs, that archaic feud between your family and mine." With a painful tug, Sean forced me to close the distance between us. One of his arms snaked around my lower back and crushed me against his boulder-like body. 
"But the truth remains," he said. Then he lowered his lips to my ear. "We are always the victors," he whispered. The tip of his tongue traced the edge of my upper ear. Goose bumps rushed over my body. "And the Lanchesters are always the losers. Remember that, Little One. I am the victor. You are the loser."
"I hate you!" I yelled at him. I tried to shove away from him, but I couldn't escape the prison of his arms. "You are a murderer! Don't touch me. Don't talk to me. I don't ever want to see your ugly face again!" Even as a prisoner in his arms, unable to escape him, I was not afraid. I was too angry to be afraid. Too hell-bent on avenging my angel's death. 
Sean's laughter came from his lips, but it moved through the gooey darkness around us like thunder through clouds, moving as if it was its very own entity. This eerie phenomenon silenced me, reminding me that this man was not normal, that he was powerful and abominable. And that I was a prisoner of his embrace. Trapped against his body, with no way to run, no one to help me.
"It is time, My Little One. Of bloody grass you have made your bed. Now it is time you that you lie upon it," Sean said firmly, his lips trailed down my neck. "Beneath me, you shall lie upon it."
Then his teeth bit into my throat. Pain screamed through my body, a pain so excruciating that it filled me so entirely.
As Sean greedily, thirstily suckled blood from my neck, the night had finally drank me in, and I was swallowed by the gooey darkness.
****
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Bane


It wasn't easy finding the connection My Lady Moon's eyes had last made with his, but I did and I did it with haste. As my body crumpled in the snow, hundreds of miles away, Doug's body jolted spasmodically. But it only lasted a moment, only until I was fully clear of the ethereal and completely within him.
Adeline was babbling. She was frantic and frightened for her daughter's safety. She did not notice the change in her husband-to-be. She did not see the demon in his eyes, and that was just too bad. She would have recognized me. And it was just too bad that I did not have the time to waist on strangling the wretched woman for Luna's sake. Perhaps, some other time. 
"We have to go look for her! She's going to hurt herself! You know she does that right? Have you seen her arms? She's tried, several times, to cut herself to death. She gets that from her father! Oh, Doug, what if she purposefully drives that motorcycle off the road? We have to find her!" Addy had tears in her eyes, when Doug focused on her face. He touched a palm to her cheek, the way Doug would have in an attempt to soothe her. She was warm and clammy, weak and vulnerable. She felt nothing like her daughter. And of course she didn't, for Adeline was not a Lanchester. She was a pathetic heir to the remarkable, royal Trentis bloodline.
"I will find her. Do not fret, Adeline. I will find her and bring her back home to you," I promised her. But it was Doug's voice. And it was Doug's worthless body that would have to uphold to that promise. But it was my will. And that alone would more than double this meatless, worthless excuse of a man's strength. There was something to be said about the human's adrenal glands and that sudden explosion of its excretion. I would channel my will through this vessel in this very way.
I moved Doug swiftly out the door. Having such an odd, awkwardly tall frame and useless, spongy muscles, it took a bit longer than normal for me to acquaint myself with Doug's abstruse body and for me to fully acclimate. 
I stopped Doug at his car for the baseball bat he had kept in the back seat, and I sent him off down the road. Adeline was standing in the threshold, wondering why Doug hadn't taken the car. A vehicle could not sneak up on the Hylander the way I would enable Doug to be capable of. And Doug was not going very far. He knew exactly where Adeline's daughter had made her bed of bloody grass, for I told him where. He understood that the Hylander was lying her down beneath him, at this very moment.
But Adeline did not need to know these sorts of things.
****
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Luna


The darkness had regurgitated me, spitting me out as if I was distasteful. My mind quickly processed my situation. I was slammed to the ground, flat on my back. It was this sudden jolt that woke me. Sean straddled me. The full weight of his body came down on my lower abdomen, pressing the breath out of my body. The gooey darkness was all around us, but through it I could see the trees. The moment I realized where we were, I could feel the damp, bloodstained grass beneath me.
I was lying in the same exact place where Dammon had been murdered. His murderer was on top of me, now gathering my wrists and pinning them to the ground at the top of my head. I could feel my knuckles sink into the cool, blood-saturated earth.
I squeezed my eyes shut. The torment was too much to bear. Sean was crushing me to the ground with his horrible weight. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't move. I couldn't think, because all I knew was that Dammon's blood was still moist and soaking through my shirt, soaking into my skin, soaking into my soul, and my spirit screamed out in pure, raw anguish.
"This is going to hurt you, Little One," Sean said, as he forced my legs apart with one of his knees. "I will not be gentle. You will fight me. And that will please me. But I will fight back."
When I heard Sean unzip the zipper of his slacks, I was able to shift my mind away from the blood beneath me. I began to squirm. Trying to move only confirmed that  I was trapped beneath Sean, pinned between the spilled blood of my angel and the madman who took him away from me. The weight and the power of Sean's solid, muscled body made it clear to me that there would be no escaping him. But my sheer will to get away from him was not convinced that Sean had conquered me. I fought with all I had to try to slip free, while Sean made making me his capture seem so easy. He kept me pinned to the ground effortlessly. With his free hand, I could feel him tugging his pants down over his hips.
This is what made me realize that Sean was going to have his way with me, no matter how hard I tried to stop him. I was helpless to resist him. 
But I would resist him until every ounce of energy has left my body.
Sean laid himself over top of me, crushing me entirely and pressing all the air out of my lungs. He still held my wrists high above my head with one hand, but now, with his other hand, he was working at unfastening the button on my jeans. I made it as difficult as I could for him, twisting my hips to one side and then the other, even when it pained me to do so, for the ground my bones were digging into was not very giving and there was no where to move but into the earth.
Despite my efforts, Sean still succeeded at unfastening the button on my jeans.
I closed my eyes tight, saying a silent prayer to that god I did not believe in, praying that he would send me an angel, a miracle, anything that would make this stop, anything that would make this go away.
The moment Sean started to pull on my jeans, I heard a crack! I felt the impact before I even knew what had happened. 
The weight of Sean's body lifted. 
The sound of air gushed by. 
I opened my eyes. 
Doug, not once, not twice, but three times more struck Sean up side the head with a baseball bat, in full swing.
In total shock as to what I was witnessing, I peeled myself up off the ground. I could only sit there and watch as Doug, The Preacher-Man From Out West, swung the bat, yet one more time, at Sean's head, which was now on the ground with the rest of his body, knocked out cold, undoubtedly from the first blow he'd taken. With all the blood that was coming from Sean's head and that was spraying away from the bat upon its contact with his skull, I was sure he was dead.
Doug turned to me. For one brief moment I swore I recognized the look in his eyes, and I was certain that his eyes were a blue-black obsidian color. But it was dark. Of course I could not see the color of his eyes, let alone the look that they beheld. And besides, I remembered quite clearly that Doug's eyes were a shocking bright blue color.
Doug came to me quickly and fell to his knees beside me. He took my face with both his hands and looked at me with strange and wild desperation in his blue-black obsidian eyes. They were Banes eyes. I would recognize them even with my eyes closed, for I could sense the sticky, dark feeling that they emitted.
I had to be in shock. There was just no other explanation for this.
Doug threw his arms around me and squeezed me tightly, as if he had loved me for so very long. "You are all right now. You are all right," he said, as if more to assure himself than to assure me.
That's when it hit me. I was all right! Sean did not have his way with me. An angel had come to rescue me. 
But then I realized that this was impossible because there was no such thing as angels anymore. 
And I was still sitting in Dammon's blood.
I quickly scrambled to my feet, feeling the sharp teeth of panic nibbling at the edges of my self-control. I had to get away from it. I had to wash it away from me. I had to get away from Sean and I had to get away from the darkness.  
Doug held my hand with one of his and carried the baseball bat in the other, as he led me hastily away from the car wash. Behind us, Sean was stirring. I could hear his groaning even as Doug and I crossed the blacktop.
As Doug led me home, I was certain of only two things in my foggy, confused mind. 
One: This was far from being over. 
Two: I would be seeing Sean again. 
And when I did, he was definitely not going to be happy with me.
But then again, neither was I happy with me.
I murdered Dammon. His blood was on my hands. His blood was saturating the back of my shirt and pants.
His blood saturated my soul.
****
Chapter Thirty
Luna


A number of things happened all at once. An incredible pain lashed through my head. Something seemed to fill my brain and expand until an extreme amount of pressure built up against my skull. My vision failed me and everything faded into an unreachable distance.
Then came the darkness, that living, menacing darkness. It slithered through the swelling in my head like sharp, serrated snakes. It swirled like black mist, thrumming as it filled me so completely.  
Then I saw him.
He was almost as massive as Bane. His body bulged and rippled with muscle. His skin was bronzed by the sun. Long waves of copper colored hair fell in thick curtains over his chest. His eyes were shimmering pools of liquid copper. His giant wings were the color of polished copper. 
He was The Copper Angel.
He was absolutely beautiful!
But most of all, he was evil incarnate.
"Do you see, My Little One," came the voice of the copper angel, "how easy it is for me?"
The sound of his voice triggered some kind of mental paralysis, and, inwardly, I was comatose. No longer was I aware of my body or the fact that I was supposed to even have one. It was as if only a thread of my self existed now. Like everything else was dead and had been choked off by the darkness.
"I can take your mind. I can take your body. I can take your life."
The little thread that was me was thinning slowly, fading ever-so-slightly. I became clearly aware of the fact that if the thread were to disappear then so would I.
I didn't care. Caring seemed impossible. There was no room here. Feelings or emotions could not fit into the small, fine space of this thread that I had become. 
Then, off in the far back corner of a distance that seemed endless, I heard a voice. At first, it made no sense. It was just sound that did not belong. But, as the darkness thickened and the thread thinned, I slowly made sense of it.
"Cast them out. . .demons. . ."
I knew this voice. I knew to trust this voice. But I did not understand what this voice was trying to tell me.
The thread that I had become was now a thin ribbon of grey in the blackness. Soon, I would be no more.
"In the name of Jesus Christ, cast them out!" The strange voice whipped through the darkness from the distance, only to be swallowed whole. An awful, eerie silence followed.
"Remember who you are," the voice throbbed, as it zipped past the thread that was me, shattering the silence like tinkling ice crystals.
"You. Are. A warrior!" The sheer, raw intensity of the voice seemed to shock the thread, like a defibrillator zapping a heart back to life.
I was a warrior.
"In the name of Jesus Christ, cast them out!"
The darkness laughed. But it wasn't a sound, really. It was more like a feeling, like thunder peeling across the sky without the rumbling sound, shaking the earth.
"Cast them out!" It was the voice of the girl whose hair smelled like baby powder, the girl I knew as Izzy. Recognition hummed through the thread, pulsing life into this frail, small space I had become.
"Say it, Luna. Say it, now! Cast them out!"
"In the name of Jesus," I heard my voice say.
The darkness squeezed, trying to smother me and my words, pressing against my ribbon of grey with rebellious resistance. 
"Demon . . . Be gone!" I yelled.
Suddenly it felt like I was being sucked through something too small for me to fit through. As this happened, there was an explosion of light so bright, so pure, so clean that it washed away the darkness in an instant, disintegrating it with an ease that seemed unworldly.
I opened my eyes. Specks of that very light danced before my eyes and blinded me. I felt myself blinking. I felt myself as a whole. I was no longer a thread but a body, gasping for air. I was lying on my back, half on the ground and half in the lap of a man I did not know. He had electric blue eyes, but I could not see his face. My shoulders stabbed into his legs, as my body jerked in violent spasms.
"Luna! Oh, sweet Jesus, be with Luna!"
Then I went still, overcome by an unusual, powerful calm that sank into me deeper than bone and seeped into the very essence of my soul like sweet, warm honey.
My vision cleared. My lungs stung as they filled with air. Peace pulsed through my veins like lifeblood.
Izzy wrapped me in her arms and embraced me tightly. I had no idea what had just happened, but I knew for certain that something very good and something very bad was inside me at the very same time, and my body had almost been shocked to death because of it.
The smell of baby powder was what seemed to slow the whirring in my mind. "You did it!" Izzy said into my hair. She was crying. She was happy and scared at the very same time. "You commanded them out!"
"Him," I said.  My voice sounded strange and new. It sounded strong, despite the physical fatigue that was now gripping me firmly. A reflection of newfound resilience and determination echoed in the silence that followed.
Izzy unwrapped her arms from around me and looked at me, trying to assess me for damage. Maybe she would realize that something was now different about me.
"Sean Hylander," I said.
****

I woke when the side of my head thumped against the passenger's window of Addy's new black Mercedes Benz, as she pulled into a po-dunk gas station in the middle of nowhere. She hadn't said a word to me since yesterday morning, after she had explained to me that Barron bought us some property up in the mountains, a few hundred miles or so away from Burling. A house on Snow Melt Lake, she had said, excitedly. But a thin trace of sadness had edged her eyes and it had been there ever since. She was leaving Doug behind. It would only be by a few days, maybe a week, but this was too long for her to have to be separated from him. I couldn't blame her for feeling this way. Doug was a hero. He was my hero, as well as hers. But it was best Addy didn't know this.
I ignored the probing memory of Doug's odd behavior that night he saved me from Sean. I chalked it up to shock and the fact that my inner longing for Bane to be my hero in the real world had been woven into every fiber of my being, just as my desire and love for Bane will always be.
Barron had bought the Mercedes for Addy. He had also given her a credit card. I had no idea how much money we now had, but I imagined it was a lot. If I had to say two nice things about Barron, it would be that he loved Addy and that he would have done anything for her. Except, of course, shed his insanity.
Addy told me to pack only what I would need for a day. Barron had paid for a moving company to do the rest of the work for us. Including the shipping of one forty-one Knucklehead, Harley Davidson, which I was certain had not been Addy's decision. It could have stayed on the side of the highway and rusted away, for all she cared. But for some unknown reason, Barron cared. And he made sure it was shipped to our new home for me on Snow Melt Lake.
Addy got out of the car to pump the fuel. I couldn't help but nervously look around. The highway was baron. I knew it was only a matter of time before I would turn around and find myself face-to-face with Sean Hylander. Sean had been haunting my dreams. He appeared to me as a copper angel. I chalked this up to being a result of my hungry desperation to dream of Bane, who still refused to come to me in my dreams. I tried to tell myself that this was all right, reminding my self that loving imaginary creatures was not healthy. But then again, neither was being me.
I dropped my chin, looking down at the old scars that mar the flesh over my wrists. Then I turned my hands, palm-up, to look at the puffy, raised flesh of the scars that were there. I rubbed my thumb over one of them and laughed. I had no idea what was so funny, really.
My laughter was short lived, as I realized that about 70% of my body was scarred and only about 20% of those scars were my own doing.
There was something seriously wrong with me. 
And I wasn't the only one who knew this. Even Dammon knew this. He had acted so strangely when I told him what my last name was. Guenevere knew something was wrong with me too, and she hadn't even met me. Sean had implied I did not know who I really am. He said that I was a warrior. Sure, I was feisty and whatnot, but a warrior? For real?
I guess that's something I could live with, I thought to myself. 
"Warrior freak," I said.
Addy knew stuff, too. She wasn't telling me something. There were probably a lot of somethings Addy was not telling me. When we were packing our bags to leave Burling, I had sensed her urgency, as if she believed moving me away would keep me safe from something. She didn't know about Sean Hylander and the way he treated me. At least, I didn't think she knew. No, there was something else that made her in such a hurry to leave.
But none of this mattered right now, though. Some other time I would figure out who I was and put the mysterious pieces of my life together. For now, I would spend this three-day journey to our new home in complete and utter thoughtlessness.
I closed my eyes, silently begging for Bane to come for me. I was sick. Bane-deprivation was going to be the death of me. I was sure of this!
If Sean wasn't the death of me first.
My innards were so disquieted, so disgruntled because of  this malnourishment that I could hardly sit still in my seat. I would not find the solace I sought. Not ever. 
Not until I could be with Bane once again.
****
Chapter Thirty-One
Luna


I dreamed of them again, the copper angel, the girl whose hair smelled like baby powder, and the faceless guy with those unforgettable, electric blue eyes. For four dreams in a row, now, I dreamed this same exact dream. I was beginning to wonder if it was prophetic in some way. I had analyzed it and dissected it, inside and out, over and over again. I let this whole dream-thing consume me nearly entirely for the three days we'd been in our new house on Snow Melt Lake. This was better than where my mind would have ended up wandering if I hadn't.
To Dammon. It was always trying to wander off with Dammon.
I spent three days just lazing around our new property, trying to absorb the tranquility it had to offer. This place was like an exotic vacation getaway, a mountain retreat. I never imagined living somewhere so beautiful and peaceful as this. Of course, the giant lake in our front yard was the focal point, especially when the sun was just right in the sky, and the snow-capped mountain peaks were mirrored on her surface.
Between the mountains and the lake there was an endless forest of evergreens and aspens. Directly on the other side of the lake, I could see a clearing, but it was so far away I couldn't make out what it looked like from here. I promised myself I would take the long walk over to the other side, one day soon. But I knew it would be quite the trek. Nestling the sides of Snow Melt Lake, were spectacular rock out-croppings and dense, impenetrable-looking woods. The terrain looked very rugged and rough.
Mine and Addy's new house was a totally awesome two-story log cabin. The coolest of its features was its face of windows that stretched two stories high and overlooked the lake.
I stirred in my new bed. Sunlight spilled in through a bay window to my right. It offered a view of the thick woods behind the house. I was anxious to take that trek today, to the other side, despite the fact that the house was still full of boxes, but I was reluctant. There was something strange about the woods surrounding the property. I knew it wasn't the trees themselves, but I wasn't sure how else to describe it to myself. There was something about them that reminded me of that gooey, inky darkness that surrounded Bane in my dreams and that Sean had the magic to conjure. Which I still believed was only a figment of my imagination, because how logical was it, really, that someone could pull something like that out of my dream world? Sean may have been a warlock and whatnot, but I was quite certain he had no control, what-so-ever, over my dream world and pulling things out of it.
I kicked the blankets off my legs and sighed, thinking about Bane and how he had abandoned me. Maybe he took me seriously when I told him to give me back my heart and that I never wanted to see him again. I quickly shoved that thought as far back into my mind as I could, for the ache it caused in my entire being was something awful. 
And so was the ache I felt for Sean Hylander's presence.
I was procrastinating getting out of bed because I knew I'd end up going for that walk around the lake, after a cup of coffee, and I still wasn't so sure I wanted to penetrate those eerie woods, yet. 
And I'd have to cross the covered porch to get there. 
I knew it was silly, but whenever I went outside, I had to run fast across the porch to get away from the porch swing. There was just something freaky about it. The rest of the house was fine, but just not the porch swing. It was like it was haunted or something.
Maybe something bad happened there, I thought to myself, as I stretched and rolled out of bed.
"Luna, I'm going to town, do you want to ride with me?" Addy's voice rose up from the first floor. I hadn't gone to town yet. I had no interest in it, really. Everything I ever wanted was right here. And besides, it was safe here, hidden away from the world, tucked away is a snugly pocket of the earth, in the bosom of the mountains.
I threw on my leather jacket and quickly left my room, hoping my ache for Bane would stay in my bed, that it wouldn't follow me around all day.
****


It was an awesome drive down the mountain pass, with all of its intense twists and turns. It was the kind of road I had been waiting to ride for a very long time. I couldn't wait to experience it on my Harley Davidson.
At times, the shoulder dropped off to vertical, jagged-looking cliffs, while at other times it kissed a white-capped stream that disappeared and returned again in the most unexpected places. The forest was ever-present. I found it odd how in certain areas the trees had a different feel to them. On our property, they felt malicious, like they had eyes and were watching me. Through the mountain pass, they felt as though they were humbled by the rough and rowdy terrain from which they grew. And just before town, they felt mysterious and mischievous.
Addy hadn't said a word to me the entire thirteen miles down the pass, but that was fine by me. One thing I liked to share most with Addy was long intervals of uninterrupted silence.
When Addy pulled up alongside the curb in front of Mawd's Grocers, I didn't notice the brawl that was brewing in the park to my left. I was totally awestricken by the sights, the mountains, the way the earth seemed to embrace the town and make it a part of the land somehow. I had no idea Sleepy Hallow would be so cool. The stores, which were old, run-down structures that were leaning up against one another, as if needing each other's support,  fringed the right side of an orange and rust-colored cobblestone street. These rickety-looking structures were backed up against a mountain side and snuggled by trees. A crooked, bubbling stream looked to be their only defense against the land that seemed to threaten to gobble them up. At the far end of town, every thing seemed to just come to a sudden stop, as if Sleepy Hallow teetered at the edge of the world. On the left side of the street, lush, green grass sprawled out around a little lake that was now glittering in the early morning light. A log sign read Hallow Park.
I was only vaguely aware of the group of girls in the park, while I took in the sights of the church grounds. A narrow, gravel road wrapped around the lake and led to one of the coolest churches I had ever seen. It was old and it looked eerily alive. I would have easily mistaken it for an ancient castle had it not been for its large, brass cross on its tall, brass steeple. The forest, deep and dark despite the sun, nudged against the church's rear, as if to say, I got your back. Here, the trees had a devious, visceral feel to them.
A loud voice finally drew my attention to the girls in the park. 
"I'd get your better-than-thou-scrawny-ass away from here, if I were you," said an Indian girl. There were four girls circling a little, frizzy-haired girl. 
Four against one? 
That was so not cool, in my opinion.
"Isis is right, Isabelle. You need to leave. You know we're not interested in your God Spiel," said a girl who looked like Barbie Doll.
"She is not Isis!" Isabelle insisted. "And even if I was ignorant enough to believe in pantheism or animistisism, I certainly wouldn't believe that Isis, here, is actually thee Egyptian Deity, Great of Sorcery, Speaker of Spells!"
I smiled. Little Isabelle sure had some spunk. I liked her already. 
Then my smile faded with the realization that I knew that voice. I'd heard it before, in my dreams. 
I knew her. 
And I knew that her hair would smell like baby powder.
Isis didn't seem to like Isabelle very much. She shoved Isabelle in the shoulders so hard that I could hear the sound of impact from where I was sitting. Isabelle went flying backward. Her strawberry-blond spirals sprang off her shoulders when she landed on her rump. 
"How many times we gotta tell you? Stay away from us," warned a girl with big, puffy, brown hair. She stood next to a girl who looked like a pixie. But without wings.
Yup, Isabelle was definitely the underdog. 
And I certainly was not going to just sit there and do nothing but watch as she got her butt kicked. 
Besides, I was curious. No, I was dumb-stricken. Isabelle was Izzy from my dreams, and this was such a baffling realization that all I wanted to do was march across the park and sniff Isabelle's hair.
I got out of the Mercedes, padded across the cool cobblestone street in my bare feet and headed straight for the girls. When I reached Isabelle, I took her by the wrist and pulled her to her feet, resisting the urge to sniff her hair right then and there. Then I turned to Isis, Great of Sorcery, and without hesitation, I punched her in the nose, hooking upward just slightly. I heard the cracking sound of bone and I knew I'd broken her nose. Blood sprayed from Isis' nostrils, her head cranked sideways, and she sailed backward. I turned my back to her before she even landed on the ground and, fighting that growing urge to sniff Isabel's hair, I started heading back toward the Mercedes. 
Where Addy was standing. 
Watching.
And, crap, I just got my riding privileges back and now I was going to get my Harley taken away from me again. Double crap!
There was a look of shock on Addy's face, a brown paper bag that she seemed to have forgotten about in her arm. I didn't pay any attention to the commotion that was going on behind me. I had even forgotten about sniffing Izzy's hair. The look in Addy's eyes had my full attention. Of course, I'd seen this look a thousand times before, but never once had it lost its potency. Never once had it not hurt or angered me.
"Hay, Biker Chick. Meet me here tonight," Barbie Doll's voice came from behind. She didn't sound hateful, which surprised me since I had just punched her friend in the nose and whatnot. And she didn't come after me, which I found even more surprising. I couldn't help but wonder if maybe they knew Sean. Maybe they felt like they needed to stay away from me or something, like the group of teens did in Oak Park.
Isabelle caught up with me as I was crossing the street. "Wait! Don't meet Devine here tonight," she said, in a desperate sounding whisper. I looked at her through a strand of hair that had blown around my shoulder in the crisp breeze, and I just couldn't resist. 
I leaned into her, took a quick sniff of her hair and then went back to pretending that I was normal. And believe me, that was a very difficult performance, because of two reasons. One: I wasn't normal. Two: Isabelle's hair smelled like baby powder.
A chill slithered through me. Contrary to what I once believed, it was evident that my dream world and my real world would collide, even if it was a slow, casual, mysterious collision.
I noticed Isabelle was taken aback by the fact that I had sniffed her hair. She seemed to have forgotten what she was going to say. I wondered if maybe she was having the same kind of experience I was having. Maybe she recognized me, too. Maybe she dreamed about me like I dreamed about her.
Or maybe she was just a little freaked out about me sniffing her hair.
"Is animistisism even a word?" I asked her. My insides began what would undoubtedly end in a riot of some sort. This girl beside me was Izzy. She was here, in the flesh, outside of my dream.
Oh, god, I did crack. And stuff has come spilling out of my head! What have I done? What have I unleashed upon this earth?
I quickly looked around me, turning three-hundred and sixty degrees, while I kept walking. Was it possible the copper angel had escaped my head too?
"I'm not sure if its really a word. It's my word, I guess. Seriously, I wouldn't meet Devine here tonight," Isabel said. We rounded the bumper of the Mercedes and I opened the passenger's door. Addy started the engine, undoubtedly anxious to start the reaming session she had planned for our ride home.
"You can meet me here, instead! I mean, at the church. For Wednesday Night Service," Isabelle said, sounding hopeful. I got in the car and closed the door. I didn't have to look at Addy to know she was grinning sarcastically. Church was the last place on earth Addy would expect me to go. 
I looked at Addy. Yup, just as I'd expected, she was grinning, sarcastically.
"Church," I said, mulling that over for a moment. It was difficult to focus my thoughts on anything other than the fact that someone from my dream world was here in my real world. And what made it even stranger was the fact that she was inviting me to church. I forced myself to shove that thought down and concentrate on the here and now. And here and now I had the opportunity to shock Addy. I tried to never miss those sorts of opportunities, though most of the time it just kinda came naturally. Or by accident.
"Sure! I'll meet you there. What time?" I said to Izzy, while looking at Addy. There was no way I was going to miss seeing a smirk fall off Addy's face.
"Seven O'clock! Great!" Isabelle said with glee. She clapped her hands and jumped for joy, sending her frizzy spirals bouncing. Dimples flanked her smile and even her freckles seemed to glow with happiness.
"Gee, Izzy. I can see why you get picked on," I said. I wasn't teasing either. This girl was the epitome of an underdog. 
But yet, there was something about her. 
No, there was something within her. 
I stared at her a little closer, trying to figure out what it was. I couldn't put a name to it. But I quickly realized it was the opposite of what I saw surrounding Bane in my dreams. And it was very similar to what I saw in Doug. There was a bright light glowing in the depths of Izzy's being, similar to the light that exploded in my dream, the one that dissolved the darkness. It was a fragment of that unworldly, peaceful light, only, it was muted and faded in comparison to the one in my dream.
Izzy could have been the ugliest person on the face of this planet and this light would have still made Izzy very beautiful.
Addy took off down the road, when she realized Izzy and I were done talking. Where the cobblestone road turned into cracked, old pavement and pierced the forest, aiming North to the highway, two gravel roads forked off. I had no idea where the one heading East went, but the one heading west, Snake Road, would take Addy and I to our new home.
A frigid silence oozed from Addy. To my surprise, we spent the entire trip up the pass ignoring one another. I had expected a reaming, the moment we pulled away from the curb outside of Mawd's Grocers. I wondered if she had been taking lessons from Doug, since he seemed to know how to get it right. He had the owner's manual, after all.
We reached the top of the mountain pass, where the land stretched out before us. Aspens hugged the narrow gravel road that took us deep into the woods. Their umbrellas of brilliant green leaves caressed the rays of sunlight that shot through them. Everything seemed to sway and bend, drift and fall with its very own melody, and yet, the harmony was blended and unified in some way.
"I can't believe you, Luna! I thought things would be different. I thought that starting over would change things for us," Addy said, when she pulled into the driveway. Her feathery, auburn hair hid her face, but I didn't need to see it to know what she was displaying in her expression: Disappointment, frustration, exhaustion.
"We've been here for three days. We haven't even unpacked our belongings, and already you're starting trouble. What. . . how come. . . why? Why did you punch that girl, Luna?"
I rolled my eyes and let out a heavy sigh. There was no sense in explaining. She would have never understood anyway.
Well, you see, I had this dream about this girl named Izzy and in the dream her hair smelled like baby powder, so when I saw this same girl in the park, I got out of the car to go sniff her hair---
Ok, that really wouldn't have explained why I punched the girl, but it would have been a great start.
Addy pulled the car in front of the two car garage and turned the engine off. She seemed to have turned herself off, as well. With one hand on the wheel and the other still on the key, she went very still. She stayed like this for a long, awkward moment or two, before letting out a breath of air.
"I realize you've been through a lot, Luna. You don't have to let me in for me to know that. You're angry. I get that. I really do. But it's only because you're in pain. It's time to move on. Time to get past that. Learn how to let it go. Forgive. Forget. And move on." She looked at me now, her hand falling from the key to her boney knee in exasperation. "You're seventeen. It's time to grow up now."
"Grow up?" I glared at her, trying to figure out how a Addy could say that sort of thing after knowing what I'd been through. And I wasn't talking about Sean. Addy didn't even know anything about Sean. I readjusted my weight in the leather seat, as if it would fix the discomfort inside me, but, nope, it didn't work. Actually, I think it made it worse somehow.
"You just stood there and watched him do those things to me! You did nothing when he ripped me from my bed at night and led me to my next living hell. You turned your freaking back on me! You covered your ears to keep from hearing my screams. You told me to stop being a baby, and now you say I should just grow up?" I studied her face, looking for something, anything, that said that she was joking, that she was sorry, that she understood, despite what she had just told me, but all I could see was the disappointment, the frustration, the exhaustion.
"Who was the one who doctored your bruises and held you when you cried? Me? Who made dinners and cooked breakfasts and cleaned the house so you could fall into the bottom of a whiskey bottle and hide in the dark corners of the house somewhere? Me? Oh, here's a good one: Who cleaned my wounds? Who held me when I cried? Me?" I lifted the door handle and shoved the door wide open. "You know? I think you're the one who needs to do a little growing up, Addy." I got out of the car. "And you're wrong. You don't get it. And I am not angry. I'm royally pissed off!" I slammed the door shut so hard that it caused the entire car to rock from side to side and I stormed up the steps of the porch. What made me even angrier, was that this saddened me. I wanted to let her in. I wanted to stop right there in the doorway of our new home, go to Addy, throw my arms around her and just cry until the anger and the hurt subsided. But I couldn't. I couldn't embrace the one who allowed the ugliest monster of all to attack me. I couldn't cry on the shoulder of the one who turned her back on me when I needed her the most. Heck, I couldn't even cry for all those things, anyway. I didn't know how to do that yet. I didn't know how to succumb to such weakness without letting go of my lifeline, which was my strength. However imaginary my strength was, I held on to it, desperately, knowing that if I let go, I'd fall and fall and then splatter to my horrible death.
So, for now, I'd just be angry. 
Or, royally pissed off.
I slammed the glass door on my way inside the cabin. The pains rattled in the frame, as if shivering in the wake of my mood. I thought about stopping and going back to the door so that I could do it again, just for that added effect, but I was too upset to stop moving. I moved my self through the clutter of boxes in the spacious living room, flew up the steps, into my room and dove into my bed. I pounded my fist into the too-soft pillow, until finally I failed to resist the numbing silence that pulsated in the depths of the darkness within me. It rose up with a vengeance and wrapped me in its merciful embrace the way only my Dark Angel could.
I remembered only one thought slithering through my mind before I fell into a deep sleep. There was a connection between church and the light within Izzy that made her so beautiful. And deep down beneath the anger, I wanted what Izzy had, the same light, the same beauty. My darkness was ugly. It was cruel and awful and it would never be illuminated. 
I knew I could never have what Izzy had, because I was certain that light could never live in the darkness.
****
Chapter Thirty-Two
Bane
It was not My Lady Moon's exotic eyes or godlike body that riled the man in me. It was not even her unworldly beauty. Although, I must admit, any of these things alone were a formidable treasure, worthy of worship, euphoric enough to emasculate and bring a primordial, prodigious beast like me to his knees. No, what riled the man in me, stirred the beast as well. It went deeper than flesh. Further than bone.
From my perch on a high branch near Snow Melt, I watched her. Though I'd seen her countless times through pictures in my mind, seeing her now, in real life, touchable, within my grasp, had an adverse effect on my already unfamiliar emotions. 
I was not prepared for this. 
I was not designed for this. 
And because of this, I was rendered unstable.
Somewhere within this state of catatonia, I was more than aware of how Lady Luna moved me in ways no mortal, or immortal, had ever had before. I was more than aware that I would, no matter the cost, make her mine, my immortal mate, once and for all. I would sever the bond the Hylander forged with his magic, and truly make her mine.
After all, she was my possession, not his. 
A desire I could not name rushed through me like a raging river.
I watched her wake from her induced slumber. I absorbed every detail, from the way her dainty, porcelain arm moved like a graceful breeze as she stretched, to the way her face turned into the soft nest of white hair upon her pillow.
My muscles twitched where my wings met the flesh of my shoulder blades.
Never, before My Moon, had I experienced anything other than pain. Never had anything caused such warmth to spread through my fire-hot blood. 
But suddenly these things made me very angry. 
This was wrong! The way Lady Luna affected me was a disgrace to my kind.
I drew in a long, deep breath of cool, night air, feeling it expand me, while slowly unfurling my wings. Hatred as ancient as the earth itself pulsed through me. I watched the goddess as she rose from her bed. Snow-colored hair swept the back of her knees. 
"Slowly and so sweetly, you shall die, My Lady Moon," I heard the growl rise up out of my throat. It was my voice, yes, but it was not my desire. Killing My Moon would be a sacrilege.
I sprang from the branch, my wings pulling down the sky. One powerful thrust sent me into a severe ascent, straight up out of the forest and into the night sky. 
So that she would be safe from me. Even if only for a while.
****
Chapter Thirty-Three
Luna


I just couldn't shake the creepy feeling that had come over me earlier. Adrenaline used to temporarily cure things like creepy feelings, bad moods and disappointed mothers, but not this time. Not with this. It seemed the faster I took my Harley around the sharp curves and bends down the mountain pass, the more it bothered me.
Someone, or quite possibly even something, had definitely been watching me. And it felt exactly like the gooey darkness of Bane's obsidian eyes. Or worse, the darkness that came to me before Sean did, that awful night Doug had to whack him upside the head with a baseball bat.
This was kind of freaking me out. Somehow Izzy walked out of my head and into my real world. What if something else did? Like the copper angel? 
Or my madness? 
Or Bane?
Every day I was beginning to understand Barron more and more. I understood, completely, how he could have lost his mind and gone crazy, because this was exactly what was happening to me.
I quickly shoved the thoughts of my father down into the deeper parts of my mind where, hopefully, they would get lost. Or better yet, eaten up the bogeyman that lives in me. It was dangerous for me to think about my father for too long. Scary and unpredictable things happened when I did that.
When I turned off Snake Road and onto the cobblestone street in Sleepy Hallow, I tapped my chunky boot against the shifter and lowering gears, hoping the rumble of the Knucklehead would rattle the crazy out of me, as it sometimes did. Of course, it always found its way back again, but that was ok. Temporary bouts of sanity were welcome in my insane world, no mater their duration.
Gooey, Inky Shadows is a condition passed down to me through my father's genetic coding, I reminded myself, but it didn't soothe the unease that I was feeling inside.
"There was nothing in the forest watching me!" I said out loud. There is a power in the spoken word, and I was hoping that the sound of my voice would bring it to fruition. There was nothing in the woods watching me.
But everyone in town was.
As my Harley rumbled loudly through the busy street, all eyes seemed to be upon me.
"Hasn't anyone around here ever seen a chick on a Hog? Gees!" I muttered to myself. "Then I guess they'd never seen a chick on a hog talking to herself, either." I rolled my eyes and resisted the urge to pull in the clutch, crank on the gas and show them just how loud my Hog could rumble. But two things stopped me from doing that. One: The rickety, old buildings seemed to be having enough trouble as it was holding themselves up. I didn't want to inadvertently rattle them down to the ground. And two: I hated the attention.
I turned onto the gravel road and following it alongside the little lake. The church parking lot was full. I'd expected a small crowd for a small town. I found Izzy right away. She was sitting at a picnic table, at the rear of the parking lot, in the grass overlooking the lake. She was wearing a very feminine, floral dress that swept down to her delicate ankles, which made me realize, that in my haste to leave my house, I hadn't considered what would be considered proper attire for attending a church service. I was in ragged, old blue jeans that had slits in both knees, a white T-shirt, riding boots, and, of course, a leather jacket. Not to mention my hair was windblown and totally disheveled. And I carried luggage, jam-packed with madness.
Were demons allowed in church? Because I had some of those too. Would I step in through the doors and sizzle and melt into a steamy puddle on the floor?
Or maybe just the demons would melt and I would finally be rid of them.
I grinned to myself, as I  rolled up to the edge of the grass and turned the engine off.
"You came!" Izzy said, clapping her hands, excitedly.
"Just like I said I would." I swung my leg around the rear and dismounted the Harley.
"The service doesn't start just yet, do you want to sit down with me?" Izzy gathered the books that were stacked beside her and put them on her lap. I noticed the top one had a soft, black, leather cover with a gold KJV Holy Bible insignia on it. I briefly wondered what KJV stood for, as I sat down beside her. Were all these books required  materials for church? Because I brought nothing more than some ragged, old clothes and some flesh full of monsters.
"You have the craziest eyes I've ever seen!" Izzy exclaimed. Only then did I notice she was staring into my eyes intensely. "Sorry. I hope you don't think I'm being rude or anything. But, wow!"
"Don't worry. I get that a lot, actually."
"I imagine you do! Wow. So, thank you. For, you know, coming to my rescue this morning," she said, still gawking at my eyes.
"Sure," I said, feeling a little awkward about the eye-gawking stuff. Or maybe the awkward stuff was coming from the ever-present urge to ask her how she managed to step out of my dream like she did and how it was possible for me to know her before I actually knew her. I wanted to ask her if she knew me too. If she knew the copper angel, or Bane and the gooey black shadow that moved inside of me, that somehow belonged to the two demonic angels as well. I wanted to ask her if she dreams of angels, the bad ones. But I figured I had better keep these questions to myself. I would end up scaring Izzy. And she might end up figuring out that I was totally insane. She'd find my crazy-stuff.
"Although, don't you think that what you did was just a little extreme?" Izzy asked.
I laughed. "No, not at all. If you think what I did to Isis was extreme, you would seriously flip out if you knew half the things I'd done in my life."
"So, your eyes match your personality then?"
"I guess so," I said, biting my lip because the questions I really wanted to ask were incessantly trying to spill from my mouth.
"Something tells me that you would have done the same thing even if you had known who you were punching," Izzy said.
"So, who exactly did I punch?" I didn't care, really. But it was a conversation and I hadn't really had one of those with a girl before. At least not a conversation that didn't end with the girl having a broken nose.
"Isis Blackhawk! She's one of Devine's favorites. Isis is very mean. She's hateful, really. She's always picking fights. Everyone pretty much leaves her alone. They are afraid of them."
"Who's them?"
"The Daughters of the Hallows," Izzy whispered. "They are witches. And I'm not talking about the wanna-be kind. I'm talking real witches. Their Grimoires have been past down through hundreds of generations. Their coven is so large they've split into hives. They are, reportedly, bloodsuckers." Izzy said this last word as if it had black magic properties, that if spoken too loudly, something scary would happen to her just because she said it.
Instinctively, my hand went to my throat, and I thought about Sean. I thought about how he had bitten me. And then I realized the witch I punched was part of the same coven Sean was. 
I shivered. 
Sean had told me the coven he belonged to had one hive in every state. It was just my luck that I ended up in another town where there was another Hallows Coven. 
And I punched the nose of one of its members.
This meant I had to stay low, maybe not even let anyone know my name. 
My heart began to pound.
Sean was going to find out that I was there!
I wrung my hands together, nervous, trying to regain my composure. "Sounds like you've been doing your homework," I said, sounding as casual as I could manage. "I'm not impressed, though. I studied witchcraft for many years. As a matter of fact, from all my studies, I have come to the conclusion that I am able to extract more power from the knuckles of my fist than from dancing merrily around a circle, asking elements to join me. Of course, I am a firm believer in energies and their powers and whatnot, but if I sought to expel negative energy from someone using the energies of obsidian or an Apache Tear, for example, I'd much rather throw the stone at them than hand it to them. Which is not to say handing it to them doesn't work, it's just that clocking 'em upside the head works quicker and more effectively." I was rambling, I knew this, but it was better than telling Izzy what I really wanted to tell her.
Izzy stared at me, as if what I'd said had lifted the veil, and now she could see my crazy stuff. Oops, I did it again; I opened my mouth and just let stuff fall out of it. Izzy would probably never want to talk to me again, I thought.
Finally, Izzy cleared her throat and said, "I have been doing my homework. This is why I can honestly tell you that this coven is evil. I mean, not all witches do the bad things this coven does. As a matter of fact, part of the common witch's creed is to harm none. The Hallows Coven does not abide by such a creed."
"What about Crowley's Law of Thelema? Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law. What do you get out of that? My point is, Creed, Rede, makes no difference, really. Whether you're a witch or not, the same rules apply. You bring about what you put about. Stuff comes back to you, ya know? Some people care if it does. Some people don't. So, really, it doesn't mater what title you give yourself, it still doesn't make you fall into a certain category," I tried to explain, earning another one of those looks from Izzy that said she saw my crazy-stuff.
"I actually think I followed you this time. I get what you're saying," Izzy said, excitedly. "And yes, The Coven of Hallows doesn't care what comes back to them, I don't believe. But that makes it even worse for you."
"So I punched an evil witch, so what?" I shrugged my shoulders. But it wasn't so-what if the witch I punched just so happened to gossip about it to all her coven friends and before I know it, The Sons of Hallows of the Burling Hive hear about the girl named Luna who broke Isis' nose.
"They will probably come after you," Izzy said, sounding deeply concerned.
"I guess if they did manage to scare me, I could rest assured knowing my Hog goes faster than their broom sticks do," I said with a grin. It really wasn't The Daughters I was worried about coming after me. It was The Sons. One of them in particular.
"Your hog? You ride pigs?" Izzy asked, looking deeply concerned about my mental well-being.
I laughed. "Not hogs as in pigs! Hogs as in Hogs." I jerked my head in the direction of my Harley. The purple beauty sparkled in the light of the setting sun, as if winking at me. "You try pushing that beast when she runs out of gas, and you will understand the Hog-stuff, believe me!"
"I can't believe you ride that beastly thing! I would have to die first before I got on one of those." Izzy looked frightened just talking about the non-possibility of getting on the bike. 
"I'm infatuated with beastly things," I said, "And believe me, that's not as simple as it sounds."
"So, it is safe to assume that beastliness is an attribute you look for in a guy, then?" Izzy blushed around her freckles, looking too innocent to talk about guy-stuff.
"Absolutely! My guy has got to be beastly," I said, thinking about all the required attributes of a fine demon slayer. Beastly was definitely one of them.
But was there such a thing as a gentle beastly man?
"I'll introduce you to my twin brother, Roman. He's kind of beastly. Except," Izzy lowered her chin a little, as if suddenly saddened by something. "More in attitude than size," she finished. Then she raised her chin again. "Girls don't like him. They think he's crazy. But he's not, really. He's just---" Izzy struggled for the right words. The twisting of her face made the effort seem quite painful. "Seriously misunderstood," she said, sounding satisfied, maybe even proud of her choice of words.
"It's really hard to imagine your twin being beastly, Izzy. I mean, look at you! You're just a little thing." I also wanted to say that it was hard for me to imagine anyone close to her not having a bubbly, luminous personality. Wasn't that sort of thing supposed to be contagious? But I refrained from telling her because I didn't want her to think I was not only crazy but a schizophrenic too. Normal people don't go around seeing light inside of people.
"Besides, I'm really not interested in meeting guys right now. I'm going to hide from them for a while. Literally. And I'm not even joking."
Izzy surprised me with a giggle. "Yeah, good luck with that, my friend. Every guy in town is going to make that difficult for you. You are probably the prettiest thing to have ever come to Sleepy Hallow."
I rolled my eyes.
The sound of an organ drifting from the open church doors sent Izzy jumping to her feet. She pressed her books to her chest with crossed arms. "They're starting! Come on," she said. Then she rushed across the grass in flat sandals. I clumped along beside her in big, Goth-like boots. We veered off into the parking lot and started weaving through the cars and the trucks.
"So, did you say bloodsuckers? Cuz the last time I checked, that's short, or long, for vampires. Are you trying to tell me these witches are---" 
Ok, this was too weird to even repeat. Yes, I've had one of those anything-can-happen lives. You know, where basically anything and everything that is bad or outrageous can and will happen? But this? Moving to a new town, punching a vampire witch and pissing of the coven that just so happens to be sisters to the hive from which I ran from its maniac high priest? Of course, worse things have happened, but come on! I've only been here for three days.
Izzy stopped at the bottom of the steps then looked around us to be sure no one would overhear her. "If you're thinking Bram Stoker's bloodsuckers then, no, that's not what I said." I barely heard her over the sound of a collection of voices that had begun to sing inside the church. 
Izzy started up the stairs again. I followed closely, quickly, trying to stay beside her. In the back of my mind I thought that if I slipped through the threshold at the same exact time Izzy did then I wouldn't end up making a mess of myself on the floor by turning into a steaming pool.
"Well, what other kind is there?" I demanded, feeling a little rebellious about this for some reason because vampires are vampires, right? And besides, I needed to understand why Sean had a fetish for biting me, and Izzy may have had some answers for me.
"The Hallows kind," Izzy whispered, just before we stepped inside the church. For some reason, this gave me the heebee-jeebeez. It could have just been the look on her face, combined with the hissing way she whispered it. Whatever it was, I found myself convinced that I had punched a vampire witch   --no, scratch that. I broke the nose of a vampire witch--   and now Sean was going to find out where I was.
I made it through the front doors without incident, staying close to Izzy, as we quickly walked down the isle. Izzy slipped into the third pew down from the front, on the left hand side of the church, leaving me at the very end.
"Roman, this is Luna. Luna, Roman," She said. It was just a quick glimpse, and I was totally distracted by my own thoughts, so at first I didn't pay any attention to Izzy's brother and I had no intention to pay any attention to him either.
Until I glanced up from the large, thick, callused hand that he was offering me to shake and saw his electric blue eyes. They shot through me like a current of electricity. 
They were the eyes of the man in my dream. This was the man whose lap I was lying in.
And now, here he was, in my real world.
I felt a little dizzy, like my stomach tipped sideways and tried to spill stuff out of it. It was true! Stuff was escaping out of my head. I had to stop it. I had to keep the world safe from the demons that could come out of me.
When the initial shock faded just slightly, I was able to take the rest of him in, to see more than just those eyes. 
And, wow!
Izzy had described him as kind of beastly. I wondered to whom she was comparing him, the Incredible Hulk? Heck, he may have been able to take down the Incredible Hulk, by the looks of him. Even in a suit and tie, Roman looked buff. His neck was thick, his shoulders broad. He towered over Izzy, and since she was only a little bit smaller than I was, he toward over me as well. Yes, they were twins, but there were many differences. Just to name a few, Roman's spirally hair was silky, not wiry like Izzy's. It was blond, with only a hint of strawberry, and it was much longer than Izzy's. Roman's hair hung past his shoulders and it was all one length. Izzy's just barely brushed the tops of her shoulders. 
And, most importantly, Roman was far more handsome than Izzy was, in my opinion.
I made this assessment in a flash, in the length of a quick hand shake, before Izzy grabbed a hymnal from the back of the pew in front of us, but the effects lasted much longer. One, brief connection of our eyes and I understood Izzy's description of him. Roman did have a beastly attitude. It wreathed him like a ring of smoke. But it was different from what I was accustomed to.
I definitely needed to stay away from him. 
Sure, Roman was a churchgoer and whatnot, and maybe he even knew part of the Instruction Manual by heart, but I wasn't going to let that fool me. Men hurt women. Period. Whether they went to church or not. And after having just escaped Sean, I certainly was not in the mood for a relationship. Not that Roman would even think about asking someone like me out.
Feeling oddly out of place, I grabbed a hymnal, opened it up to a random page and just stared at it. There was a strange thing happening in the church. I could sense some sort of change going on. And maybe change was the wrong word to use to describe what was going on around me, because, after focusing on it for a moment longer, I realized that this thing I sensed had always been here. It was like the church building was the body, and all its members were woven together to create one unified entity, and this entity was the spirit of the body; the spirit of this church.
I shivered. But it was a good shiver.
While everyone began to sing another hymn, I was jolted back in time, kidnaped by a rebellious part of my memory.
"Close your eyes, Luna," Dammon whispered. His voice swept through me like the wind through the trees and my leaves shivered in his path. I closed my eyes. With a feather-soft touch, Dammon brushed his lips against mine.
Then I shoved away from him.
I tore myself from the memory with sudden anger balling inside me. It was the first time I'd allowed myself to think about Dammon in this way since I had stuffed him down beneath the surface of my thoughts, where I would be safe from the pain, from the tears that I might shed. 
The tears that threatened me now.
A part of me suddenly hoped that Sean would find me here in Sleepy Hallow, because he murdered my angel and for this, Sean needed to be punished, and I wanted to be the one to do it.
That, and this stupid ache needed to go away, and I understood that the only way it would go away was if Sean was in my presence. Which made me wonder. If he was dead in my presence, would I still ache for him? If I murdered Sean, would I also murder this need to be near him?
I wanted to find out. More than anything, I wanted  revenge.
I squeezed my eyes shut tight and ground my teeth, biting back the sorrow that threatened to burst from my soul. I was hundreds of miles away from Burling and Sean and the ghost of Dammon, and yet, somehow, it was all still here, living and breathing inside me.
But seeing him again in the memory . . . Oh, how I wanted to stay forever in that memory, except change it up a bit. Instead of shoving away from him and jumping off the couch, I'd grab him by the ponytail and help him out a little.
Understanding thoughts of Dammon were unhealthy for me, I forced my self to focus on the array of voices that surrounded me. After a moment of doing this, I was able to feel something unique. There was nothing special about the song, at least not that I was aware of. I wasn't listening to the words. I was listening to the feeling. Braided within the body of the church, was a hum of happiness. With so many people here, surely there had to be more than a few souls carrying sorrows or worries or troubles of some sort, so I marveled at how none of that showed and none of that could be felt. This hum of happiness was a form of magic, one not so different from the magic Dammon wielded. It swept through the room, ridding it and all who were in it of all that was bad and washing it clean with goodness and cheer.
Except for me.
For me, nothing changed. Everything I carried with me when I climbed the steps of the church was still with me now. My luggage was still jam-packed full of monsters. There was only one difference. Now, a longing was kindled inside of me to belong to the same kind of magic that everyone else in this room seemed to be sharing. And I really
But this would never happen to me. I would never let go of the darkness inside of  me long enough to give way for any kind of light or magical happiness. As a matter of fact, me just standing there in that room, surrounded by such goodness, made me feel as if I were tainting it somehow. It made me feel like I should leave just so that I wouldn't end up spoiling anything for anyone else. It made me feel dirtier and darker.
While the music stopped and the sermon began, I was growing increasingly angry. It had nothing to do with what the preacher-guy was saying, because I wasn't even listening to him. It had everything to do with how unfair it felt that this room would not share its magic with me. The night had refused to swallow me, death had rejected me countless times, and now this; the happy hum rejected me.
I suddenly thought about The Coven of Hallows. I should have met Devine, instead of Izzy! Devine didn't have to know my last name. I would have been far more comfortable standing beneath the moonlight, surrounded by a bunch of bloodsuckers than I was standing there in a room that made me feel tainted and unclean!
Yet, something compelled me to stay. It was some kind of unseen force. This reminded me of Sean, how his eyes pinned me to the back of his seat, and I couldn't run from him, even when I knew I should have. It reminded me of that first day I met him, when I climbed the riverbank and found him standing there. I knew I should have run away from him then. Thinking back on it now, though, I realized that even if I had, Sean would have come after me. Running would not have done me any good. This only made me realize that Sean finding me here in Sleepy Hallow was inevitable. It was only a matter of time.
But I was ready for him. I hoped.
"Where are the restrooms?" I whispered to Izzy, hoping she would not see the dark discomfort that was stirring inside me. She glanced up from the notebook she had been frantically writing in. Nope, she didn't seem to notice. She may have even forgotten that I was there, up until I had asked her this. She was so absorbed by what the preacher-guy was talking about that she didn't seem to notice me or my discomfort, which I was certain both were totally visible.
"Near the front entrance there's a set of stairs. Go down and then all the way to the back of the church," she whispered. Then she returned to her frantic jotting.
I got up and walk down the isle, making my way toward the entrance. When I reached the front doors, I fought the urge to keep going straight through them, but I managed to turn and go down the stairs against my will. If it wasn't for that unseen force pulling me forward, I wouldn't have been able to stay.
On my way down the stairs, there were only a few antique lanterns lighting the way. The flickering lights lapped the stone walls, leaving them moist, and dungeon-like. The smell of damp, cool earth permeated the air. It was exactly how I would imagine the belly of a castle to be and nothing like I would have expected to find beneath a church. There was just something totally weird about a creepy place lurking beneath a safe place like this. It had a graveyard-feel to it. Weird! Especially since it was indoors.
When I reached the bottom of the stairs, I was met by a great expanse of darkness. The basement itself was poorly lit. One little wriggling light illuminated the bathroom door in the far back corner to the left. The door looked disturbingly out of place with its fresh, bright, blue paint. Getting there meant I had to stroll through that thick, darker-than-dark darkness. Not that I was afraid, or anything. I kind of had this alliance-thing going on with anything that was dark or black, spooky or dangerous. The fact that this darkness wasn't the gooey, inky stuff should have been somewhat of a comfort to me. But it wasn't.
Something was calling to me from here.
I headed toward the bathroom, well aware of how the darkness felt heavier once I stepped into its awaiting embrace. I had to admit that this made me feel a little uncomfortable.
Would it let me escape? What would it end up doing to me if its embrace was, in actuality, my prison? Could darkness have teeth? Would it eat me up? Bite my neck? Suck my blood? My mind kept coming up with all these irrational questions and my body was responding to them as if I was taking myself seriously. Every fine hair on my limbs went erect. Goose pimples rose in my flesh.
Something wasn't right. 
That unseen force felt stronger now. There was something different about this darkness. It wasn't natural. Through my experiences with Sean and Bane and Barron, I was highly trained to sense the unseen and able to feel its malevolence. But there was no malevolence here, only something unseen.
The darkness seemed to keep stretching itself, making the space between me and the bathroom door longer and wider and further away.
Ok, so maybe I was just a little bit afraid.
It's not going to let me out, my mind warned. It's not going to let me reach the light! This is payback for the tainting I was doing upstairs.
Just as I finished this thought, a man's voice unraveled from the darkness. "Luna," he said. The voice was everywhere, yet nowhere at the same time. It was very similar to Bane's voice in my dreams, the way it seemed to belong to the dark and not to him.
My breath hitched in my chest and I froze. 
A part of me believed that it was the darkness that gripped me and held me still.
"Do not be afraid, Luna," the voice came again.
Ok, I was afraid. Very afraid! I was being held captive by Darkness, and now it was speaking to me, telling me to do the impossible. 
The light was right there, half way across the room. If I could only move, if I could only reach it, I would be safe.
Or would I be?
"Luna, nothing is holding you captive, save your own fears," the voice said. I almost believed it, almost felt stupid, because   --yeah right--   darkness holding me captive? Come on! Besides, there was something about that voice that commanded ever cell in my body to believe what it was saying. But it was not in a dark kind of way. It was in light, or love, or everything that was pure and good. This confused me even more than I already was.
Something moved in the far right corner. It was the blackness. Only, it seemed to be drifting slowly toward me.
"My name is Ashmodai. You have no reason to fear me, Luna. Please, relax. I will reveal myself to you."
Whatever this entity was, it was both dark and light, both harmful and safe. It reminded me of the yin-yang, because it felt to have such a balance about it.
As the slithering darkness approached, I squinted my eyes, hoping it would help me to see what was coming, because this not-knowing-stuff was far more intense than I was comfortable with.
"Beneath that, what do you feel?" The voice, like soft, tendrils of invisible smoke, played in the darkness that swirled only a few feet in front of me now.
"I don't know. But I have a feeling you can tell me," I said.
"I come from the darkness, yes. But I am of the light. The very same of which you seek, Luna."
The slow swirl of darkness became particles of light. Before my slow and feckless mind could even comprehend what was happening, tiny, dust-like pieces formed into the body of a man who, for a fraction of a second, was completely transparent. I could literally see the darkness from which he came drifting and swaying behind him, and the light over the bathroom door, which was muted, now that I was looking at it through his body. He was solid now, though, a real man, with long blond hair and powder-blue eyes. He wore a long, white cloak that was so pure and clean that it looked like it could have been a garment made in heaven. I could sense in him the exact same goodness I felt braided through the people upstairs. Was it possible he was the maker of that happy hum?
Maybe he would share it with me! With this thought, I realized that I didn't feel as though I was tainting him. How could this be when I felt it so surely upstairs? I tainted all that was good and light. Why was I not tainting him?
No, this was too crazy. Even for me. I was just spooked and he was just a guy--- 
That came from floating little particles of bright stuffs, I reminded myself. 
Ok, so he wasn't just a guy, but this was still crazy. This man just formed himself out of dusty light before my very eyes.
Ashmodai smiled warmly, as if he had been eavesdropping on my thoughts and was finding them amusing. "No, Luna, not the maker of the happy hum. Born from it, though, was I."
"Yeah. . .I kinda just. . .saw that," I managed to say. "Except. . .the light was. . .is. . .darkness." 
There was just no way I could wrap my head around this, right this second. Maybe later. I would definitely have to try later. As for now, I was stricken by awe.
"Not all that is dark is demented. The Lord would not have seen that it was good. Instead of his division between dark and light, I do believe he would have simply omitted the darkness. But that is strictly my opinion only. Nothing more," Ashmodai said. In his eyes I could see an old, maybe even timeless, wisdom that did not match his physical age. But for some reason this did not surprise me. Anyone who can just appear out of little sparkly things can look however he wants, right? I mean, if I was old and timeless and had the ability this Ashmodai had then I wouldn't choose to look younger than ancient, too.
I shivered. This was just too weird.
"If I say, Surely the darkness shall cover me; even the night shall be light about me. Yea, the darkness hideth not from thee; but the night shineth as the day: the darkness and the light are both alike to thee."
"That's beautiful," I said, wondering who wrote the piece.
"Psalm 139, verses eleven and twelve. A Psalm of David. To the chief musician. God sees, Luna. No matter how deep it is buried in the darkness within," Ashmodai explained, though I had no idea what he was actually trying to say. He must have seen my confusion. "God's Book," he said.
Nope. Still didn't get it. I didn't even know God wrote a book.
"The King James Bible," he said, sounding patient and kind and maybe even understanding of my ignorance. "KJV," he added.
"The Instruction Manual!" I said, excitedly. "I didn't know your god wrote that!" I wanted to hear more of those beautiful verses from this book Ashmodai claimed God himself had written, but first I needed to know who this Ashmodai was and what he wanted with me. Could have Sean sent him? Maybe Barron? Or maybe Grandmother Jade?
"What are you, exactly?" I asked. "Are you a ghost? Did someone send you to get me?"
"In time you will come to learn who I am, Luna Lanchester, as there is a time and place for everything. Now is not that time. Here is not that place. As for now, you must return to Isabel," he said, still wearing that warm, I-find-your-thoughts-amusing smile. "You will come to me again, and soon."
I was a little upset that I did not get the answers I wanted, so I tried a different approach. "Do you live here, in the basement of this church?"
"Temporarily, yes. In the catacombs, and on this church's grounds," he said.
"So you live with dead people?"
"Skeletal remains, to be specific. Empty shells, is all they are."
"Well, that certainly makes it sound more charming."
"You must go now, Luna," he said.
But I didn't want to go. There was something otherworldly peaceful about Ashmodai that I knew I could only feel here, while in his presence. And besides that, I still had unanswered questions.
"I remember reading something about someone named Ashmodai in my studies of witchcraft. I can't remember now. But are you him? The same Ashmodai?"
"Be patient, Luna. For patience is, indeed, a virtue," Ashmodai said. Then, just like that, he went back in the same way he had come. In an instant, the solid man of flesh and bone, who had been standing right in front of me just as real as I was, exploded, gently, into sparkling, floating dust. It reminded me of a time when I was a little girl, when I had dumped a bottle of silver glitter in the palm of my hand, made a wish and blew. I was just as mesmerized by the beautiful display of raining glitter in a beam of sunlight as I was now. It was almost exactly the same as that, except, there was no sunlight here. There was no need for it here. Whatever it was that Ashmodai was made of, it consisted of its own light. And now, standing there staring off into the place where he had been, I understood what he was talking about earlier. Beneath the discomfort of the dark, I could feel the light, the magic. It was similar to the way that I could feel life twitching spasmodically beneath all that was dead or dying inside me. 
I felt a flicker of hope. 
Maybe I could shed the demons within me. I knew there was a way, and something told me that the way had something to do with this light I sensed in Ashmodai and the light within Izzy and the light within Doug.
Beyond that understanding, though, nothing made an iota of sense.
So, once again, who else could I blame, but my father?
Gooey Shadows and Seeing Sparkling Dead Guys are conditions passed down to me through my father's genetic coding, I assured myself. Then, quickly, like something was chasing me, I ran out of the church's dark, comforting basement and up into its selfish, non-sharing happy hum.
****
Chapter Thirty-Four
Luna


I rode back up the mountain pass at a much less intense pace than I had ridden down a few hours ago. There was no need for adrenaline to chase anything away this time. As a matter of fact, I needed this time, I needed the gentle brisk flow of air and the night's crisp kiss on my flushed cheeks that a slow ride had to offer, so that I could mull things over. 
But I didn't get to do any mulling. 
My thoughts had a mind of their own. They went into auto-pilot mode, in warp gear, running so fast through my head that most of them were running over one another for the first half of the trip home: Church was a very strange experience for me. Who the heck was this Ashmodai? Roman Gordon had a very potent aura. Could he be my Wizard Wise? I could never find a love again like the one I found in Dammon. How in the world did Izzy and Roman pop out of my dreams like they did? When would Sean be coming for me? What was he going to do once he found me? What was I going to do when he found me? And why? Why could I not shed the longing that aches inside me to be in Sean's presence? My need for Sean to be near me was like a thirst I could not quench. And I was getting thirstier as the days went by. Soon I was going to die of dehydration.
My thoughts went on and on.
Until they came to my father. 
Then all thoughts slowed. Every part of my brain zoomed in on a random memory.
I was fast asleep, dreaming of Bane, when in my dream I was told to wake up. I opened my eyes just as my father snatch me up by the hair and pull me out of my warm bed. It was dark. I knew it was late, knew my mother was sleeping. And I also knew to be as quiet as a I could be. I knew what would happen to me if I were to make a sound.
And I knew, whatever was about to happen next, was going to hurt like hell. Because it always did.
Barron was conversing with the demon inside of him self, in a language I did not know, in a voice that had become all too familiar to me after time. It was a voice that was not his. He hurriedly led me down the dark hall, through the front door and out into the freezing cold night. Icy wind licked at my legs and whirled around the hem of my nightgown. The moon was bright. My heart was racing. Tears welled in my eyes, damning at the lids.
Barron took me to the trees, to the wooden cross he had spent that day making. From his jacket pockets he pulled out rope and nails.
And then, from the belt around his wide waist, he pulled out a hammer.
I dared not fight him, as he tied my wrists to the cross with my arms spread wide at my sides. I never dared to fight him, for he had demonstrated, numerous times, what would become of me if I had.
Barron pressed the point of the nail into the center of my palm, raised the hammer to its head and then, without hesitation, struck the head of the 16 penny nail once with the head of the hammer. The nail drove all the way through my hand and into the wood behind. Pain shot through my body. I screamed in agony.
And that's when I fought back.
There wasn't much I could do with my wrists tied to a cross, but it was like a blood-promise, sealing a vow that I would always fight back from that moment forward.
That was the night I had become untamable.
I quickly shook the memory from my mind, as I parked my Harley in the garage.
Addy's Mercedes was gone, which came to no surprise to me. There was no time in Addy's life for me. I had no idea why I had expected her and I's relationship to be any  different just because she moved us to a new town, professing change and a new life. And I had no idea why this hurt. I thought I took care of that hurt when I fed it to the boogeymen who live in the darkness within me. But I was sorely mistaken. Maybe that kind of hurt was just too grotesque for the boogeymen to ingest. Or too big to swallow.
With a heavy, dragging-my-skin-sensation, I walked across the grassy lawn, finding the picnic table easily in the light of the moon. I sat down, suppressing a laugh, as I realized I had actually anticipated Addy and I working on our relationship. 
I looked out over the lake. The moon sprinkled flakes of silver over the water. A faint, distorted reflection of trees and mountains rippled over her surface. The forest huddled closely behind her, shivering, as if afraid. Perhaps of the gooey, black shadow that had been watching me from there.
I was suddenly reminded of Izzy's parents. I had never experienced such a genuine, heartfelt welcome as the one Mr. And Mrs. Gordon shared with me when I met them after the church service. There was nothing fake about their warmth, their friendly smiles. They seemed to look past my wild and rebellious facade. Actually, it didn't seem to matter to them that I was tainted and unclean. Peace fizzed from them like invisible happy-hum bubbles. Mrs. Gordon didn't seem at all selfish when it came to sharing her maternal nature. It was this that made her seem as though she was constantly blossoming and blooming, and probably this that compelled me to give her that hug before I parted from the Gordon family in the church parking lot. Mr. Gordon, though strong and almost grumpy-looking, carried an air of pride for his family, a love that was almost palpable.
I envied Izzy. I had wished I was going home to a family like hers. I wished my mother blossomed and bloomed with motherly love. I wished I had a father who---
I dropped my chin in my hand and sighed. Something was sickeningly wrong with him. And part of that wrongness flowed through my veins, as well. He had done more than physically hurt me, more than mentally hurt me. Barron had genetically hurt me.
At the very thought of my father, I could feel the monster in me stirring. Its movement riled its ugly, hideous companions. And before I could shove them back down into their prison of darkness   --the darkness Ashmodai said God could see through--   they sprang forth into undeniable existence, with unworldly agility and stealth.
Now, like numerous times before, the monsters within me reeked havoc on my mind. Pictures flashed before my eyes of various places in time, and I saw blood. Mine. It was spilling from my flesh. I felt pain and horror and incapacitating fear. The monsters dredged up random images that were brutal and gruesome, and, all at once, I felt the pains of my past all wadding-up together into one giant ball that began to vibrate within me and thrum through my entire being until it was all I knew.
Desperation to escape the skin that I was in drove me to my feet. As I stalked across the grass, across the sandy beach, I left a trail of leather and blue jeans, a shirt and some boots behind me. By the time I rushed into the water, I was totally sky-clad. I was only vaguely aware of the shock of the ice-like cold that was shooting through my body, but I didn't stop walking. I couldn't. For they were still there, the monsters. I walked until water swallowed me whole. And then I stopped, coffined by Snow Melt Lake. Soon, she would be my watery tomb. Soon, I would murder those monsters, once and for all, and I would finally be free of them.
But soon wasn't fast enough. The darkness, having also escaped its prison, was now swelling in my mind, expanding beyond their delusional limitation that was once my flesh, polluting the pure and crisp lake that was now drinking me in.
One quick gulp, one liquid breath was all I needed to be able to set myself free.
I parted my lips. Snow flavored water filled my mouth. Just as I was about to inhale, something squeezed my arm in a vice-like grip that I thought would crack my bones in two. Faster than my mind could comprehend, I was yanked upward and out of the water. Strong arms   --oh, freak, were they Sean's?--   cradled me against a warm, hard body, and before I knew it, I was on the shore, enveloped by something so incredibly warm, so impenetrably dark that it sucked the chill right out of my body, like I was being fed from.
This is something worse than Sean, my semi-coherent mind warned. All that was dark and imprisoned inside me had escaped me and now it was attacking from the outside instead of from within. What had I done? What had I unleashed upon this earth?
Feathers. Warm, black feathers---
That was my last thought that entered my mind before everything went away, and the world turned itself off.
****
Chapter Thirty-Five
Luna


I heard the crackling, popping sound of fire, smelled burning Pine and  could feel the warmth around me, before I fully tuned back into the world. The disappointment felt like thick mud oozing through me, when I realized that the only thing that had gone away for a while was me. The world was still here, wherever here was. But at least the monsters were sleeping again. That was something, at least.
I opened my eyes and was instantly startled to find a man who looked identical to Bane, staring at me. He was sitting on an outcropping of rock near a roaring fire, leaning on a giant forearm, looking content and as though he had been there for quite some time. He looked fearsome and cold. His eyes were like molten obsidian, glittering in the firelight. His hair was long, dark like the night, and hung in thick, wind tousled strands over broad shoulders and down each side of his mounded chest, which I caught a glimpse of through the crack in the long, black, leather duster he was wearing. This man was a beast. 
He was pure, raw power personified.
At first, I thought I was dreaming of Bane because this was him, My Dark Angel, but without his wings. And, besides that, men this gargantuan didn't exist in the real world.
But I was not asleep. I was wide awake.
Without realizing I had even moved, I sat straight up. There was nothing else in the world except him and me and the wild, erratic thumping of my heart. Wholly-freak, this man was Bane! The beast to whom I had given my heart, my soul, my everything was right here, in my real world, staring at me.
Except, it couldn't be Bane. Bane had wings. Bane was not real, and I had to snap out of this. I had to realize just how irrational I was being.
"You're awake." A girl's voice broke through the strange spell this man had cast over me, and Devine appeared, stepping between the man and me, severing our gaze. Devine was wearing a long, black cloak that looked identical to the ones The Sons of Hallows were wearing the night I was doped and bitten by Sean. Its large hood, lined with purple velvet, complimented Devine's platinum blond hair.
Suddenly I remembered that I was naked before I walked into Snow Melt Lake. I quickly dropped my head, happy to discover that I was no longer sky-clad. I was wrapped in the same black cloak that Devine was wearing.
"Are you all right, Luna? Are you feeling dizzy?" Devine asked, totally exaggerating her concern. With the barbarian's eyes no longer locked in mine, I was able to take in my environment. There were three other girls standing on the other side of the fire. They were talking amongst themselves in hushed whispers. They were the girls from the park. And, of course, one of them was Isis Blackhawk. The white bandage over her nose practically glowed in the dark.
The Daughters of Hallows, I heard Izzy's whisper in my mind. They are bloodsuckers.
"Great," I said to myself.
"Are you sure? You don't look so great to me," Devine said.
"Should'a let her drown!" Isis complained.
Silence, Isis." It was Bane's deep, dark voice that spoke. And it came from the barbarian.
Isis and the other girls went silent. I could almost hear the crackle of tension around them. Just the sound of the barbarian's voice commanded authority.
Devine offered me her hand. "Let me help you," she said.
"I'm fine." I got to my feet, ignoring her hand, and I clutched the cloak closed around me. "How did I get here?" I asked, turning to see that Snow Melt Lake was behind me. I was on the other side. I could see the light that hung beside the door to my house that came on automatically at night. It looked like a little speck from where I was standing.
Black feathers, my mind explained. Something fed from me. Something sucked the consciousness right out of me.
"How did I get here?" I demanded, turning back to Devine. "Why did I pass out?" This was it. I had finally lost my mind, like Barron did. No, this was not Bane sitting here. No, black wings did not keep me from drowning. No, there was not a man who had come from sparkly things and no, Izzy and Roman did not spill out of my head and into the real world. No, no, and a whole lot more freaking no's!
I wanted to scream with frustration.
Devine smiled, placing a hand gently on my arm, as if to console me. "You nearly drown. It makes sense that you would pass out."
No, I did not nearly drown. I didn't even get the chance to inhale any water before I was rudely yanked from the lake. No! There was nothing natural, nothing normal about the way I had passed out. It wasn't my own body's doing, and I knew this. It was something else's doing.
Black feathers, my mind insisted, and this agitated me immensely.
"Shut up about the damn black feathers!" I yelled to myself. The girls went quiet, looking at me as if they could see that I had done lost my mind. I took a deep breath, calming my self down a little bit.
"Well, you are safe. You're all right, and that is all that matters. Especially since I would like us to become friends," Devine said. She had the friendliness turned up just a few too many notches. "We haven't officially met." She extended her hand. "My name is Devine."
"Devine? Are you serious?" I tried not to laugh. "That's your real name?"
"Yes," Devine said, icily. I obviously pulled the plug on her friendliness machine. "Emphasis on the Devine."
"Wow, scary stuff," I said, dryly.
Two of the girls came around the fire, leaving Isis by her self. "I'm Aine," said the pixie-girl with hair that had some serious attitude. It was short and spiked. It had red and black colors streaked through bright, blond strands. It was actually pretty cool. Aine's eyes were cool, too. They were lined heavily with black eyeliner. The corners of her eyes were crafted into upward slants. The frosty glitter on her eyelids looked like ice crystals sparkling in the light of the fire.
I shook Aine's hand. She seemed friendly. The real stuff, not the fake stuff like Devine's. Which made sense. The Aine from the Celtic pantheon was a goddess of fertility and love.
"This is Psyche," Aine introduced me to the girl who was standing next to her. Psyche was tall and had big, nut-colored hair. I briefly wondered how she was able to keep all that long, wavy hair all piled-up on her head like that, but she did, and she did it quite beautifully.
"Grecian Goddess of the moon," I said, taking Psyche's hand and shaking hers, too.
"Dionysus is over there," Aine said, gesturing with an open palm to what looked like a body that was curled up and lying just out of reach of the fire's light, beneath the same kind of black cloak that all the girls were wearing. "But don't mind him. He's had a bit too much wine tonight," she said, with a giggle.
Although I was curious about Dionysus, because, in the Greek pantheon, Dionysus was the god of wine and ecstasy, I was far more curious about the barbarian man who sat so godlike behind Devine. Not even in the span of a heartbeat, was I unaware of his presence since the moment I had opened my eyes. 
Who was he?
What was his name?
Why did he look so identical to Bane? 
Even though he was twice the size, he reminded me of Sean by the way he emanated power and destruction, darkness and evil. And I sensed demons in his presence. Oh, yes, this man had demons like none I'd ever felt before.
Devine shifted her weight, leaving the path back to the barbarian's eyes unobstructed. It was like his gaze had never been severed from me. He was staring at me now like he had never stopped, like he could see me through Devine's body the whole time.
Or maybe he could see me without even having to look at me. . . .
The world paused once more. It was just him and I and this crazy feeling inside me. I could feel him on the path that Dammon had left through me, except, his presence felt much more prominent, much more worn than Dammon's did. I did not understand this. Not even just a little, because it made no sense at all. Dammon was the only man capable of sweeping through me like wind through leaves.
"...like the wind, when it weaves itself through the trees. It leaves its path, its touch, its caress, so that it can find its way back again. The two become one in this way.Once the wind weaves itself through the trees, the branches and the leaves never will forget."
Dammon was right. I never would forget. And even though what I was feeling with this barbarian was different in a very dark, very frightening way, it was somehow the same. There was a path he had left through me that I could feel him meandering on at this very moment. But it was nothing like a gentle breeze, and exactly like---
A gooey, black shadow.
I quickly dropped my eyes, and the world un-paused itself. I couldn't help the shiver that left a visible tremor through my body.
"If no one's gonna tell me how I got here then I guess there's no need for me to stick around," I said. I made a start to turn and leave but Devine grabbed my arm, in an almost desperate manner, and stopped me. I looked down at her hand on my arm, and she instantly let go. I didn't think she was afraid of me or anything like that. No, it was something else. My gut said that she was worried that the barbarian would harm her if she put a hand on me.
"He saw you go in the water," Devine said, gesturing with a sweep of her hand in the barbarian's direction.
I looked out over Snow Melt. There was absolutely no way that the human eye could see that far away. The impulse to look at the barbarian was nearly irresistible, but I managed, with great difficulty, to keep from doing so. I could feel his gaze upon me, within me. Since I'd felt it a gazillion times before in my life, it was easily recognizable, which made it all the more difficult not looking at him. I wanted to rush away, to get the hell out of there, but I wanted, I so needed, to know more about this barbarian god.
"So, you guys aren't planning to drink my blood, are you?" It was kind of a joke and kind of not, at the same time. I mean, I was a little concerned about their interest in me. And I knew from past experiences how painful it was to have someone bite my neck and drink my blood. "If that's why I'm here, you might be thoroughly disappointed. I wouldn't be easy to catch. And if you did manage to get a hold on me, I'm really feisty. Besides, I used to do acid. My blood would definitely make you trip. A lot!"
Aine and Devine started giggling quietly, but Psyche looked as if I'd just unraveled their secret.
Hugh, maybe they were planning on drinking my blood.
"What do you mean it'd be hard to catch ya?" Isis retorted, bitterly. "We already did that. And it wasn't very hard, either!" Isis barely finished speaking before the barbarian rose to his feet, like a liquid steel wall. 
Everyone went silent. 
The barbarian pierced Isis with his blazing black eyes. Isis took a clumsy-looking step backward, retreating from him, even though she was already several yards away from him. She bowed her head as if she was submitting to him. And then she went perfectly still beneath his gaze.
It seemed all the girls were holding their breaths in uncomfortable anticipation as to what this barbarian was going to do next.
This was weird to me because I knew witches didn't scare very easily. And on the norm, they certainly did not allow themselves to be dominated, with the exception of their high priest and high priestess, of course. But it was obvious to me that The Daughters of the Hallows were not your average coven of witches. And it was even more obvious to me that this barbarian had dominion over them and that they were afraid of him.
Was this barbarian their high priest? That would make sense then.
It didn't matter. I didn't want to know after all. This barbarian and The Daughters of Hallows could just stay far, far away from me.
"I'll return your cloak," I said. Then I turned my back on them and rushed off in the direction of the woods. This weirded-me-out a little, turning my back on a coven of bloodsuckers. It was probably not a very good idea. But truthfully, I kind of hoped someone would jump me from behind, and that that someone would be Isis. Not only because I really wanted to punch her in the nose again, but because I was curious to see what the barbarian would do to her. Something told me that Isis wasn't going to move a muscle, though. At least not while under the barbarian's lethal-looking gaze. And if Isis knew anything at all about guys like this barbarian, she would know, without a doubt, "
"We'd like to invite you back Friday night," Devine hollered after me.
"For a barbeque!" Aine added, excitedly.
"No thanks," I said without looking back. "I don't do blood. Especially when it's mine." I really was talking to them, but I knew I was too far away now for them to hear me. "I like cereal. Coco Balls, actually. But you can't really roast them over a fire. I should know, I tried that once. They're kinda hard to get on the end of a stick. They just crumble and whatnot."
The woods were thick, their branches full and lush. Even the moonlight was having a hard time penetrating them, so I tried not to give my self too hard a time about my own difficulties making my way through the forest. I stayed close to the edge, where the lake touched the forest, so that I wouldn't lose my way. The land gradually puffed itself up, leaving the lake further below me. At times the trees gave way to giant rock formations that jutted out over the ledge, seemingly defying the law of gravity by how they balanced one on top the other like that.
And so here I was, making that trek. 
In the dark. 
Hopefully alone.
I knew I was getting close to home when the land started to slope downward again, but the closer I got, the more paranoid I became. I was never afraid of the dark. External darkness, that is. Oh, and not including weird-sparkly-church-basement-darkness. And I guess it wasn't even the dark that spooked me. There was just something freaky about having The Daughters of Hallows and that creepy barbarian guy at my back. It filled me with unease, even despite my mood to get all feisty and mean. By the time I could see the light outside my house through the trees, about a half a mile ahead of me, I was totally convinced that someone was following me.
I glanced over my shoulder, half expecting to catch a glimpse of black velvet breezing behind a tree or maybe obsidian eyes glistening in one of those dusty rays of moonlight that were shooting through the trees here and there.
Or black, feathery wings, my mind offered. Something fed from me. Something sucked me out of this world, temporarily. And whatever it was had black, feathery wings. Like Bane's.
Suddenly I wanted to run. I was freaking my self out. No, it wasn't me freaking myself out because I wasn't making this stuff up. Just because it didn't make any sense didn't mean it wasn't real. It didn't mean I was turning into Barron and losing my mind. It was freaking me out. All of it. The barbarian's path through me, the ways he made me feel, the way I was taken from this world temporarily, the bloodsuckers, the fact that I knew, with every part of my being, that the barbarian was Bane, sparkly-church-basement guy, Izzy and Roman coming out of my dream world, Doug with Bane's eyes after he'd struck Sean upside the head multiple times with a baseball bat and Sean belonging to the same coven as the one here in Sleepy Hallow. . . . 
Just as I was about to start running, I heard a twig snap behind me. Instinctively, I spun around.
And there he was, standing in one of those dusty rays of moonlight. He looked primitive and primal, like a prowling animal. His duster hung open, revealing rippling breasts and sun-bronzed flesh. And, just like Ashmodai, this barbarian seemed so unreal, like a ghost, even though he stood solid   --very solid--    before me.
"I did not mean to startle you," he said, but it sounded automatic, without feeling.
"Why are you following me?" I asked, trying to sound hostile, but my voice wasn't cooperating. If Sean had been standing there in his stead, I wouldn't have been near as afraid as I was. And I didn't even know this barbarian. But I knew his demon. I knew it like I knew my own self.
"I had to see to your safe return home."
"Why? Are there blood-sucking monsters in these woods?"
"One may never know or, perhaps, live to tell," he said. A hint of a smile played in the corner of his thin, fine lips. They were the lips I had longed to kiss in my dreams. They were, undoubtedly, Bane's lips.
"Who are you? What is your name?"
He did not answer me.
"Are you a high priest?"
"No."
"Devine's boyfriend?"
"No. I am no boy, and I am no one's friend."
Obviously I was not getting the information I was seeking. I certainly could not ask him how he owned a path straight through me, or at least knew how to find the one Dammon had left there, and I certainly could not ask him if he had a pair of wings tucked under that jacket somewhere.
So, I tried a different approach. "Where are you from?" I asked. Of course I knew he wasn't going to tell me that he was from my dreams, but maybe his answer would at least help ease my curiosity a little.
"Somewhere far away," he said, taking one step toward me.
I took one step back. My breath hitched in my throat. There was a hunger emanating from him that frightened me all in itself.
"Your eyes," he said. Then he took another step. He seemed mesmerized, hypnotized, pulled to me by some magnetic-like force. I could feel a yearning burning in his gaze like fire. I'd seen this kind of yearning before. I knew what it meant. But never had I seen it as intense as I was seeing it now. "They are captivating."
"What do you want from me?" I asked, my voice trembling.
"I want you to turn around."
Confused by the odd and unexpected request, I thought about this for a moment. Turning my back to him would have been the craziest thing I'd ever done in my life. There was no way I could do that.
"Now," he said, sending the command straight through my body.
If it hadn't been for my suicidal tenancies, and that path he owned in me that somehow took over my entire body, I would not have been able to obey him. Slowly, reluctantly, I turned my back, wondering how in the world he got me to do such a thing. I stood there, holding my breath, my heart pounding, thoughts racing as to what he would do to me now. And the crazy thing was that I hoped he'd come from behind, sink his teeth deep into my neck and drain me of all my blood. Yes, I always wanted to die, but only by my hand, no one else's. But for some reason, this felt the same. If this barbarian were to take my life it'd be the same as if I were the one to have taken it.
I waited. 
All of my senses tuned in to what was going on behind me. I heard nothing, save the sound of the forest breathing. I felt nothing, but the soft caress of night's air. I smelled nothing, but bark and cool, damp earth.
The smell reminded me of Ashmodai, the church, the happy hum, and suddenly I felt the full extent of my fear.
What the hell was I doing here in the woods, in the dark, with my back turned to this madman?
I spun around, ready to fight, willing to die trying. 
But all that was there was the forest. 
The barbarian was gone. He had left without a sound.
I shivered. 
Deep down in my bones, I shook with chill.
And then I ran.
**** 
Chapter Thirty-Six
Bane


I waited until My Lady Moon was safe in her house before I let loose my rage. I gripped the nearest tree with both my hands and drove my head into the trunk, ripping open a chunk of skin just above my brow. Blood as hot as fire rose to the surface of my flesh and spilled down my face, melting skin in its path. 
I saw her in my mind's eye, in my memories of her, struggling for breath, the Hylander holding her against the tree, drinking in her fear for him, and I drove my forehead into the tree again.
And again.
But this was not enough.
I spread my fingers into stiff claws and raked them down the length of the tree trunk, tearing off bark, ripping fingernails from the flesh of my fingertips. Barron had blackened her eyes, bloodied her mouth, broken her ribs, while all I could do was watch.
Viciously, I slashed my fingers down the tree, shredding away bark with razor-sharp ease, tearing away what was left of my fingernails. 
And I did it again.
And again.
Still, this was not enough to placate my inner tumult.
These pictures, her pictures, never ceased replaying in my mind. Over and over and over again, I watched her suffer, while I could do nothing at all.
And here she was.
Within my grasp. 
And I had yet to go to her, to succumb to this undying, pathetic desire I had to touch her flesh with my own bare hands and make myself be known to her! 
I. Needed. To succumb.
I tore out of the trench coat, sprang from the ground and grabbed the sky with my wings. I thrust myself into flight. Just barely above the water, I flew back toward the bonfire.
She did not see me coming. It would not have mattered if she had. There would have been nothing, nothing, she could have done to stop me.
In my silent decent toward her, in the span of a blink of an eye, images crashed together in my mind, fueling my lust for death: Lady Luna's naked body in my arms, clothed by only my wings. The feel of her soft, warm flesh against mine. The weight of her in my arms. My longing to hurt her. My longing to embrace her. Her back to me in the forest. How I failed to end her life. How I failed to make her mine. The pains of her past, pounding through me. 
Isis' disobedience.
I landed behind Isis and wrapped her in feathers. Hate hammered hot through my ancient blood. I stabbed my teeth into her throat, piercing a major artery with practiced precision. Piquant, bittersweet blood burst into my mouth, drowning my thirsty tongue. I bit down and locked my jaws. 
Then I wagged my head, viciously, ripping a piece of meat from Isis' neck and tearing it away from tendon and bone.
While Isis' scream filled the black cocoon of my wings, I chanted. "As it is my birthright to command, Lady Luna love no other man."
And that was it. I could do no more than this, at the moment, and since I had to do something, uttering this enchantment just had to be enough for now. But something solidified inside my head, and I knew, no matter what my brother's voices tried coaxing me to do, I could not do their bidding. I would not do their bidding.
Even if it meant that I would have to stay away from My Lady Moon indefinitely.
****
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Luna


"Bane!" I cried, just as my dream world spit me out. I shot up straight in my bed, tumbling into reality. I could feel my heart thumping hard against my chest, adrenaline pumping through my body. I didn't realize that Izzy was at my bedside. And that it was morning.
"It's him," I whispered to myself.
"It's who?" Izzy echoed.
"My Dark Angel, Bane. It's him, the barbarian." I looked at Izzy, confused by why she was there, confused by what I had dreamed about, because I couldn't remember any of it. All I knew was that the barbarian I had met last night was Bane. No, it didn't make any sense yet, but it was true.
Izzy whispered something about going to the kitchen to make a pot of coffee, but I wasn't fully in the room with her. I was so caught up in my own surprise and disbelief that I wasn't even fully in the room with myself.
"Bane is real!" My stomach fluttered with intense excitement. "And he is here. In Sleepy Hallow. With me."
I'm not sure how long I sat there on my bed in complete and utter stillness, but I could smell coffee brewing by the time I slowly made my way to the box marked Luna's Bedroom. Mindlessly, I slipped into a clean pair of jeans and a sleeveless flannel.
Izzy came out of my dream world. 
Roman came out of my dream world. 
Sean pulled gooey, inky darkness out of my dream world. 
So why was I having such a hard time believing that Bane could come out of my dream world too?
"Because that would be a dream come true," I answered my thoughts. "And nothing good ever happens to me." I wasn't feeling sorry for myself. I was simply stating the truth.
I hated it that I couldn't remember my dream. Not only was it very unusual, it was very annoying. Whatever I had dreamt about had confirmed in me that the barbarian was truly Bane. But the longer I spent in my waking moments, the more this truth faded back into being an impossibility. By the time I went downstairs and found Izzy sitting in the porch swing with a coffee cup in each of her hands, I was nearly laughing at myself for how ridiculous that idea was. 
And it made me very crabby.
Izzy handed me a cup. I sipped from it, noisily. Then I quickly stepped off the porch and went to the picnic table. There was just no way I was going to sit on that freaky porch, in that freaky porch swing and soak up all that freaky essence that lingered there.
Izzy got up and came to sit beside me. "Now will you tell me about your dream?" she asked, looking uncomfortably impatient.
"No," I said irritably. I was having a hard enough time as it was adhering myself to the real world and trying to forget about dreams and Bane and all that other stuff, so I certainly had no intentions of talking to Izzy about it. And besides, I was having to endure Dark Angel Deprivation. Among the many symptoms were irritability, inability to cope in the real world, and, of course, short-tempered-ness.
"Will you at least tell me why you said Bane's name?"
I took a long, loud sip from my cup then shrugged my shoulders. "I met someone last night, across the lake, who reminds me of someone I know named Bane," I said. And that was all I had planned on telling her.
"Oh, no."
Until she said that.
"Oh, no, what? You know him? The barbarian guy?" Excitement ripped away the remaining strings of the dream web, and I felt fully in this world once again. But that desire to feel connected with my Dark Angel would never go away. I had grown to loath this real world where in Bane did not exist. But could have it been possible that my Dark Angel and the barbarian were one and the same? That Bane was a part of the real world now and that he was here in Sleepy Hallow with me?
I just couldn't seem to let this go, to convince myself that this was not only insane, but impossible.
"Yes, and no. I don't know him personally, really, but I know about him. He's bad, really, really bad, Luna. I know beastly guys are your thing, but you seriously need to stay away from him." Izzy's eyes went big. Her freckles seemed to shiver.
 I remembered the last time someone had warned me to stay away from someone. Even if I had heeded Dammon's warning to stay away from Sean, it wouldn't have changed a thing. I was having that very same feeling now. Even if I could've heeded Izzy's warning and I stayed away from the barbarian, I had a feeling his and I's lives were on a collision coarse.
"He came to town long ago. All I can say is that he belongs to The Coven of Hallows in some way. And that---" Izzy gulped. Then she lowered her voice to a near-whisper. "Ever since he came here, strange and awful things have been happening."
"Like what?"
"One night, Mr. Dawson reported his cows brutally slaughtered in the fields. They were cut open from neck to flank, their guts removed and their hearts missing. All their blood had been drained, with not a single drop spilled on the ground. His neighbor, Sarah Jenkins, reported seeing something in the woods outside her kitchen window that same night. An animal. But nothing like anyone has ever seen before."
"What was it?"
Izzy's face changed, making her look pale and sick. "No one believes what Sarah saw. Everyone believed Sarah was a little looney. She was really old, and lonely. She told a lot of weird stories, like how Lucifer was her lover, and from his seed, a daughter was born. A Zar. And she named her Mercy. Sarah also used to tell me that he was coming and that he would perform the mercy killing. Euthanasia, she called it. I asked her what she meant by this, but she never told me. The most I understood about this he person was that he was beautiful, with hair so black it had purple hues. Well, anyway, of course the police didn't believe her when she told them what she had seen in the woods that night. The following night," Izzy quickly wiped a tear from her cheek, took a deep breath and then continued. "Roman found her, when he went to investigate tracks. Sarah was found lying in her strawberry bushes. Her heart was missing." Izzy squeezed her eyes shut tight, as if she was trying to squeeze the image out of her mind.
I was instantly reminded of the sticky, black shadow. There was something in the woods. It wasn't just my imagination. It was an animal that had ripped a person open, drained her blood and stole her heart. It was the same animal that had been residing within me. Izzy knew exactly what it looked like. And deep down inside, I think I did, too.
"Tell me about the animal," I said.
"Sarah said that it was enormous. Its pelt was so black that it had purple hues and so silky that she wanted to touch it. She couldn't say what kind of animal it was, but said it looked like a black panther, except with longer hair. Its eyes were like faceted diamonds, sparkling in the light of the moon. Even though it rained that day, they didn't find any tracks in Mr. Dawson's pastures. None at all, which really puzzled them. My brother took it upon himself to go look for the tracks. The police were right, there were no tracks. At least, not in Dawson's pasture. But if they had taken Sarah a little more seriously, they would have found them in the woods outside Sarah's kitchen window." Izzy set her coffee cup down on the table top. "Luna, the prints were huge!" She put her thumbs together and made an open circle with her hands, her pointy fingers not touching. "There isn't an animal in the feline kingdom with prints that large! And what makes it even crazier, is that the prints stopped right where she had said they did, and then there was one set of large foot prints. Human footprints. Sarah said the animal had turned into a man and had flown away. Roman convinced Sheriff Austin to go out there with him so that Roman could show him what he'd found, but when he returned to the same spot, they were gone. There was nothing there. There was not even a sign that someone had smudged them away! It was like they didn't even exist to begin with. And Roman is a genius. If someone had covered up the tracks, he would have been able to tell."
"Why would you think any of that had anything to do with the guy I met last night?"
"I just know it does. And without a doubt."
"How is it possible a man just ups n flies like that? Come on, Izzy, that's not even possible!" But something inside of me said that I was wrong and that it was possible, and that I, above all people, should know that it was.
Izzy picked her coffee cup up off the table top and took a little sip. "I knew Sarah. Very well, actually. I spent a lot of time with her. She was the second most honest person I have ever known. Roman comes in first. If Sarah said she saw a black panther-like feline transform into a man with wings and fly away then that's exactly what happened, whether it makes sense to anyone else or not," Izzy said, confidently.
"The guy I met last night looks identical to the angel I've been dreaming about my entire life. Except, in my dreams, he has big, beautiful, black wings. This is the reason why you heard me call out the angel's name. Whatever I dreamt about confirmed that the two are one and the same." Even as I said this, it wasn't making any sense to me. I had no idea what to think or how to feel about all of this, except that it was all some kind of confusing mistake. There was no way my Dark Angel, the man I'd been craving my entire life, was right here in Sleepy Hallow, right here within my grasp, right here where he could finally hold me and tell me that everything was going to be all right.
Then I realized how weird Izzy was acting all of a sudden. Her expression, her breathing, every muscle in her body seemed to solidify.
"What? Why are you looking at me like that?"
"What is your last name, Luna?"
"Oh, no! Not this again." I sighed heavily.
"What is your last name?" Izzy demanded, looking really freaked out now.
"I'm gonna tell you that my last name is Lanchester and you're gonna get all weird n stuff, right? What's your last name, Izzy?" I tried that last question with as much weirdness as I could muster, just to see how she liked it, but it didn't seem to have the same affect on her as it had on me. As a matter of fact, she didn't seem to be paying any attention to what I was saying. I lost her at Lanchester. 
Izzy didn't say anything. She only stared at me like I had said something horrible. I think the horrible stuff must have been building and building, as if her mind was putting something together, one piece at a time, because finally she gasped and her hand clamped over her mouth. I wanted to take her by the shoulders and give her a good shake. It was frustrating not knowing what the heck was going on in her head.
"For crying out loud, what, Izzy? What is it about my last name that's been freaking people out?" I practically yelled.
Izzy dropped her hand, tried to fix her face and quickly shook her head, sending her wiry spirals bouncing above her shoulders. "Never mind," she said.
"Now how in the freak am I supposed to never mind? You totally just flipped out on me about my last name! You can't just tell me never mind."
"Sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. I just---" Izzy struggled to regain her composer.
"No, Izzy. You gotta tell me what's going on," I demanded. "What the heck is wrong with my last name?"
"I'm not sure how much I'm allowed to say. I know I can tell you some things."
"Tell me some things then."
Izzy let out a long sigh then shifted uncomfortably. "The Daughters of Hallows are not vampires. I mean, they don't need to drink blood to survive or anything," she said.
"Why else would they drink blood? That's, like, freaking disgusting!"
"And 100% sinful! Deuteronomy, Chapter Twelve, verse sixteen, says; only ye shall not eat the blood; ye shall pour it upon the earth as water. The Daughters of Hallows are bloodline witches. Not the traditional aspirants of today's generation. Their practices conform strictly to those of their great ancestors and have not changed in all these years. They are strict about this. Their ancestors taught that the essence of one's being flows through the blood, and that by the ritualistic drinking of it, the witch will gain more wisdom and power."
"Well, that's just plain sick!" 
"They drug their willing victims with an hallucinogen and bind them to stakes that are driven into the ground in the center of their circle. The high priestess uses a special knife."
"A bolline. Usually double bladed," I interjected. My hand automatically cupped my neck. Sean didn't use a special knife. He used his teeth, like a real vampire would. Except, he didn't have real vampire teeth.
"Yes, a bolline," Izzy said, looking disturbed by the fact that I was able to provide this information for her. "But The Coven's tradition of bloodletting for the purpose of stealing essence is only an added bonus. Their true reason behind it is far more malevolent and wicked. See, this is where I'm not sure how much I can say. I'm pretty sure I can tell you this, though. Hundreds of years ago, The Coven of Hallows had discovered a way to summon the sons of Lucifer. Only four angelic sons have been summoned. Acquiring ruler ship over them has been the heartbeat of The Coven for generations. Many people died, and quite heinously, in The Coven's desperate search for the right magical formula for this particular type of summoning. The secret was in the blood. It had to be a particular bloodline. Even though The Coven had eventually discovered the magical formula to summon these sons, they could not figure out the secret ingredient that would give them complete authority over these summoned creatures. Until centuries later, that is. The answer, once again, was in the blood. The same blood that has the power to summon the sons is the same blood these witches need in order to gain ruler ship over them. Except, there has to be something special about it. And severing this bloodline is the only way the sons of Lucifer can break their territorial boundaries. So, The Coven keeps this secret safely guarded."
"And you believe all this? Izzy, this is just a little way-out-there, don't you think?"
"The particular bloodline that The Coven needs is so scarce that The Coven has no choice but to give up on their attempts to acquire ruler ship over Lucifer's angelic sons. Not that they will, though. They will never give up. But there are only two living members of this particular bloodline left. And the possibility of gaining ruler ship over the sons just doesn't exist in reality."
"Are you trying to tell me that this guy I met last night is one of the Sons of Lucifer The Coven has summoned? And if they don't have control over these sons, why can't the sons just kill them all, or something, and be free?"
"They are safe. A pact was made between The Coven and Lucifer himself. If any of the Sons harm any of the high priests or priestesses they will have to serve The Coven for as long as they live. They will be bound to The Coven for always. The sons want nothing more than to be free. They will not harm the Daughters or Sons!"
"Well, what keeps them from just running, or flying, away?"
"Magic. It's real, you know. Magic is very real. Even in the bible it talks about magic. The Coven's Queen, Aradia, has cast spells around each of The Coven's territories that have summoned sons. It's like an invisible bubble that the sons cannot escape through."
"Ok. This is getting weirder."
Izzy shook her head. "I can't say anymore, Luna. But I will ask for permission to tell you more, all right?"
I wasn't sure I cared to know more, really. It sounded like some urban legend or folklore or something silly like that. But the fact that Izzy was so caught up in this story, a believer in it, was what peaked my curiosity the most, I think. Besides the fact that she totally freaked out about my last name, like Dammon did. Why did it seem like everyone knew something mysterious about me except for me? What the heck was it about my last name that had two people now act so weirded-out? I was going to ask her about this, and while I was at it, I was going to ask her how she and her brother had come out of my dream like they did. But instead, I took a sip of lukewarm coffee and tried to shrug the whole thing off. I had enough going on in my mind already. I didn't want to take on any more than I had to. I would push it aside and not think about it, I decided. And that was final. This move from Burling to Sleepy Hallow was supposed to bring on some peace and through the peace I was supposed to begin some sort of healing process. Life was supposed to get easier, here on Snow Melt. It was supposed to become much more simpler, much more normal.
"Please, Luna, just stay away from him, all right? There is something definitely wrong with him."
"There is something wrong with all of us. Probably even you, Izzy." I said this, but I didn't truly believe that there could be anything wrong with Isabelle Gordon. The light that illuminated her from within seemed to wash her clean of any wrongness. Izzy was chaste, for sure.
"You are right," Izzy said, lowering her chin, looking ashamed of her self. "There is something wrong with me."
"Yeah right, Izzy. There couldn't possibly be anything wrong with you!"
Izzy looked at me with big, sad, puppy-dog eyes. I started to prepare myself to hear her tell me that she had a drinking problem or she was gay or she had both male and female parts.
"My favorite color is pink with purple polka dots," she finally said.
"And? Your body is covered with them?"
"No---"
"They float around inside your head all day?"
"No, I---"
"You imagine that they are your very best friends!"
Izzy was looking more and more disturbed each time I tried to guess what her problem was.
"Pink with purple polka dots is not a color, Luna."
"You're serious? This is what's wrong with you?"
"Yes!" she said, with no sign of humor in her expression.
"Izzy, there is nothing wrong with pink and purple polka dots being your favorite color," I said, trying not to laugh, because, wow, she was serious.
"Yes, there is! Pink is one color and purple is another."
"You've got to be joking."
"No! Joking is a form of lying. Lying is a sin. You can find that all over in the bible. In Exodus, Chapter Twenty-Three, verse seven, Proverbs, Chapter Nineteen, verses five and nine, Matthew, Chapter Twelve, verse thirty-six through thirty-seven, Proverbs, Chapter Twelve verse twenty-two.  One of my favorites in Matthew, Chapter Fifteen, verse eleven is: Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which cometh out of the mouth, this defileth a man. And that's just to name a few!"
I wrinkled up my nose, having no idea what Izzy just said. "What does defilething a man have to do with lying being a sin?" I asked. 
"If that which cometh out of the mouth is a lie, then it's defiling you. And since we are commanded not to defile our selves then it makes sense that it would be a sin, right? I mean, I could have that all wrong, but I'm pretty sure that it does make sense."
Suddenly I realized that I admired Izzy. I wanted what she had. A pure contentment with life because of a strong belief in something good. A light within that chased away the darkness and kept it from seeping in. I was wrong about her. Isabelle Gordon was not an underdog. Anyone who didn't have what she had was the underdog. 
"So, how bout having two favorite colors, Izzy. Then you'd be perfect, right? Then nothing would be wrong with you," I said with sincere concern. "Or, how bout since the purple part is on the pink part, and the pink part's the bigger part then pink could be your favorite color?"
Izzy smiled, her densely freckled cheeks dimpling at the corners of her lips, like all was right in her world again. "I never thought of that!" she said excitedly. Her happiness was contagious. I smiled at her, feeling the warmth soak deep into my heart.
But my smile faded as all that wasn't so right in my world came creeping back to me. It was only a matter of time before Sean would come for me. I was certain of this.
And when he finds me---
"So, you really believe all that stuff you were talking about?" I asked, despite the fact that I wasn't supposed to be thinking about any of that stuff. But it was kind of hard not to. Especially since  there were only two remaining members left in my Lanchester bloodline. Barron and I. Our blood was scarce, as Izzy so eloquently put it. And I had this really bad feeling that this was why my last name freaked her and Dammon out. 
"I've been investigating this stuff for years, Luna. I have devoted my life to saving this coven. I spent countless nights delving into their traditions and beliefs. I can tell you their favorite foods, their favorite drinks, and I'm not just talking about the hive here in Sleepy Hallow, or the one in Edinburgh or Trapper's Creak, or the one in Egypt or any of the many, many others around the world. I'm talking about their great, great grandmother's and their mother's and so on."
"Wow. Sounds more like an infatuation than a devotion," I said, wondering if she knew the coven of warlocks in Burling.
"It's both! Yes, I am infatuated, and do you want to know why?" Izzy was getting pumped up. It was like she had just downed one of those big cans of energy drinks. "The Lord has convicted me to save their souls, Luna. Leading them to the Lord is what I have become infatuated with."
"Hugh." I thought about that for a moment or two. "Why would the Lord not just save them Him self? Isn't He supposed to be, like, way more powerful than you are? Cuz, believe me, it'd take a pretty powerful being to be able to break centuries-old traditions and religion. It is probably an impossible feat for little ol' Izzy, don't you think?"
"The Lord does not force Himself into anyone's life. We were given the freedom of choice. The Daughters of Hallows have chosen the wrong path. And the Lord does not give us any more than we can handle. God must believe in little ol' Izzy if He's laid it upon my heart to help them."
I guess that probably makes sense. Except, if your god allows you to make choices and does not force himself into anyone's life, why would He convict you to do something?"
"Many of us who have accepted Jesus into our lives, Luna, have experienced the blessing of being a conduit, a vessel, a soldier for God. It is still a choice, though. We don't have to follow our convictions. But it's these convictions that help us to draw closer to the Lord. And help us to stay in His Perfect Will."
"Sounds, I don't know, confusing, I guess. I would have a hard time believing in a god that I could not see or hear or feel, you know?" I said.
Izzy smiled. The light in her eyes made her look a hundred times more beautiful than she already was. "You believe in the air that you breathe, don't you? You can't see it. You can't hear it. You can't feel it. What about gravity? Why would you be so willing to believe in air or gravity and not the creator of all that exists? Especially when the proof is all around you and even clearer than the existence of air! Besides, when you invite Jesus into your life, you do feel Him. You do see Him and you do hear Him, if you are obedient."
Great. Obedient. 
Just the word alone riled the rebellious nature in me. "But I see the air when the wind blows and it moves in the leaves. I feel it playing in my hair when I'm riding my Harley and I hear it whistling in my ears. And guess what? If I jump off the Empire State Building, gravity will make me go splat! I would definitely feel that." As I was saying all this, Izzy was slowly shaking her head. There was an expression on her face, a sad one that said she was sympathetic to my lack of understanding.
"No, Luna. Those are only the affects of the air. The leaves move because of the air, yes, but the leaves are not the air, so you are not actually seeing it. And about that splat? If you jumped off the Empire State Building, I can guarantee you won't see gravity on your way to the ground. But I can guarantee that you will feel its affects." 
And, darn-it, Izzy was right.
So, why would you say that the evidence is all around us, cuz, hay, there is scientific evidence of the Big Bang Theory, and evolution, too," I argued. It wasn't my fault she had to say the obedient word.
"Seriously?" Izzy giggled. "I have two things to say about that. No, make that three. One: scientists can prove what ever they want to prove, whether it is true or not. Two: If evolution is how we came about then why aren't monkeys still turning into humans? And three: When God spoke things into existence, yes, I can guarantee that things did go boom! And things did happen."
"Um," I said, sounding very intelligent-like, but this was all I could think to say. So instead of trying to say anything else, I finished the rest of my coffee. I would have gone inside for a fresh, hot cup a while ago, but talking with Izzy was just so absorbing. I never had companionship with a girl before. Normally, girls hated me. I found it odd how friendship with Izzy came so easily, so naturally. Especially since we were two totally different people. 
Like black and white. 
Or like light and dark.
"Last night, Devine and her gang had a bonfire over there," I said, nodding my head toward the sun-speckled lake.
"That's The Coven's ritual stomping grounds, where all their ceremonies are preformed. The property is about quadruple the size of yours is. It's somewhere close to four hundred acres. It had been in Devine's family even long before the town was founded. Actually, Devine's great, great, great-grandfather was the one who founded Sleepy Hallow. Just off the lake is a cave. That's The Coven's lair. They have a big house about a mile from the other side of the lake. From time to time, other hives come from all around to gather there, and not because of the Sleepy Hallow Hive's Daughters, who were actually dubbed The Coven Misfits by all their sister hives, but because of Sleepy Hallow itself. It's a special place for them, one of their most sacred. And on top of that, Devine is the Queen's daughter. Aine, Isis, and Psyche are daughters of the most powerful, influential witches in The Hallows Coven."
"You said the witches of The Coven of Hallows are bloodline witches. So why would Devine invite me to an Esbat? And she sure seemed desperate about it," I said, before realizing what I was thinking.
If it is the Lanchester blood they've sought after for so long, and it's so rare, and now here it is in their coven-stead, within their grasps then of course Devine would be interested in me. For my blood. And of course she would be desperate to have it.
"You know, never mind," I said, before Izzy could reply. "I really do not want to know and I really don't care." 
"Every full moon, Daughters and Sons of The Coven must drink blood. But their Grimoires say that only on a blue moon can a son of Lucifer be summoned. This Friday there is a full moon, the second one of the month." Izzy gulped. "A blue moon."
"Well, how many sons does Lucifer have? And why would they want more when they cant even control the ones they got?"
"Lucifer has only four angelic sons but countless others."
Suddenly I had a need for adrenaline. With all this silly talk freaking me out, I desperately needed to ride. I jumped up off the picnic table and went inside the house and grabbed my ridding boots and leather jacket. I shoved my feet inside the boots and my arms inside the jacket. "Come on," I hollered at Izzy, as I rushed to the garage.
Izzy came after me, glancing around as if expecting to find someone chasing me. She didn't understand my behavior, and it seemed to frighten her. "What? Where are we going?"
"We are going for a ride," I said, and I straddled the Knucklehead. 
With one kick, the V-Twin came alive in all her grumbling glory. I couldn't help but smile, as I backed her out into the driveway.
"No! No-no-no-no-no. . .I told you, Luna, I would have to die first before I'd get on one of those things! And just in case you haven't noticed, I'm not dead yet!"
****
Chapter Thirty-Eight
Luna


She's not a thing, Izzy. She is a finely tuned, masterfully crafted piece of art, and I wouldn't be at all surprised if you hurt her feelings," I said. I cranked the throttle and gave her some gas. The Harley roared. Her beastly voice echoed against the mountain range. 
Izzy jumped, letting out a shrill cry of surprise. I laughed at her.
"She? You call that thing a she?" Izzy's voice was shacking.
"Just get on, Izzy. I promise I won't hurt you." I cupped my ear, bent over the gas tank and paused like that momentarily. Then I sat back up and looked at Izzy. "She promises not to hurt you, either," I said, grinning.
"Please tell me that it did not just talk back to you," Izzy said.
"She wouldn't dare talk back to me, Izzy. She knows better than that."
Izzy hesitated. Her contemplation was evident in the twisting of her face. I watched as her horrified expression hardened into determination. 
She would conquer her fear. 
"Don't go fast," she said, and with newfound courage, Izzy got on behind me. She wrapped her arms around my waist so tight that I thought she was trying to performing the Hiemlick Maneuver.
"Izzy, too tight. Can't breathe," I grunted. I tapped into gear and headed slowly down the driveway. Izzy was too frightened to loosen her grip on me. 
"If you squeeze me to death, I'll crash," I warned. That did the trick. Izzy instantly loosened her grip, at least to where I could breathe again. I turned onto Snake Road and picked up the pace a little. Izzy burrowed her face into my back, squealing like a stuck pig. I couldn't help but laugh at her.
Izzy didn't say a word all the way down the pass. At least, nothing coherent that is. She made a lot of screeching noises. Especially around the sharper corners, where I had to lean the bike a little. Ok, so I didn't have to lean as much as I actually did, but Izzy didn't need to know this, and it sure was fun getting that extra screech or two out of her. By the time we reached the bottom of the pass I ached all over from laughing so hard. I was actually tempted to turn around and do it all over again, just because laughing was something I hadn't done in a very long time. Not like this, anyway.
When we pulled onto the cobblestone street, Izzy started humming one flat tune, just to hear her voice jiggle. So, of course, I wasn't done laughing. When I wiped the tears from the corner of my eyes, Izzy cried out in sheer hysteria. "Don't let go of the thingies!"
"They're called handle bars, Izzy," I said, through my manic laughing. "Turns out, you don't really even need the darn things!" I raised both my hands high up in the air. "See?" But this proved to be not such a good idea on the cobblestone. The bike wobbled, sending Izzy into another bout of hysteria. I took the handlebars and calmed my machine before I ended up breaking the promise we had made to Izzy about not hurting her.
That was when I realized just how crowded Sleepy Hallow was today. There were cars lining both sides of the street, from one end of town to the other. There were groups of people clustered in the park and in front of the shops. 
I squeezed the Harley in between two bumpers at the end of the street and rolled up over the curb and onto the grass. I turned the Knucklehead off. The rumble died to the hushed voices of the town folk.
Izzy barely let out a gasp before I realized what she was looking at. She was off the bike before the last knock of the engine, transfixed on the commotion going on in the church parking lot, like most everyone else seemed to be.
There were fire trucks, three police cars and one ambulance parked in a half circle near the trees at the rear of the church. Red, blue, and orange lights were flashing. There were a lot of people huddled in groups in the church parking lot and down the sides of the gravel road, but no one but emergency servicemen and women were beyond the makeshift barricade that was constructed out of two police cars parked nose to nose and a few armed officers standing with their backs to the crime scene. There was yellow police-line tape behind them in the woods at the back of the church. It was waving at me in the stiff breeze, as if to ask if I remembered the last time I'd seen such a thing.
Someone had died. I was certain of it.
This scene was painfully too familiar to me. 
Izzy took off toward the gravel road. Although I was in my own little world, trying to keep the bad memories suppressed, I was still vaguely aware of a few important things. I had to stop Izzy. What ever bad thing awaited her on the other side of that yellow police tape wasn't worth seeing. It wasn't worth being haunted for the rest of her life. I needed to protect her from that.
"Wait!" I jogged to catch up to Izzy. "You can't just march up there and demand to know what's going on!" When I caught up to her, I wanted to grab her and stop her, but I saw that look on her face and in her eyes, and I understood all too well. Izzy had to see for herself. She had to know. And the determination that was emanated from her said that no one was going to be able to stop her from doing so. 
"We have to sneak," I said. I took her by the elbow. "This way! Come on." We were at the edge of the church parking lot, when I caught a glimpse of Roman standing at the barricade. Roman, with his obviously keen eyes, had spotted Izzy and me before I even saw him. He purposely distracted the two officers, who were standing guard at the barricade, and I ran, leading Izzy through the grass, around to the side of the church. There were people everywhere, but everyone seemed too preoccupied to notice us. When we reached the back corner of the church, I slowed down, rounding the corner at, hopefully, a much less-noticeable pace.
No one but police and other uniformed men were back here. And they were, at first, too preoccupied with whatever was going on in the section of trees that was cordoned off with tape to notice us. Cameras were flashing. Several people were kneeling down around the object of their attention.
This was painfully too familiar.
Izzy and I crept slowly, unnoticed, along the backside of the church, until we found a small, momentary gap in the crowd. We both stopped at the same exact time, held captive by the gruesome sight before us. Izzy's gasp was so loud that someone noticed us, but neither Izzy nor I noticed them. We were both gripped by the horrible image before us. Even though it was only a flash before our eyes, before we were grabbed up rudely by the arms and escorted away, I knew it was another one of those sights that would inevitably haunt me for the rest of my life.
The man who led Izzy and I around the church and into the parking lot was angrily reprimanding us, but I didn't hear a word he was saying. All that existed was the bloody, mangled body that was lying on the forest floor behind us.
In just that one glimpse, I saw every detail. There wasn't a trace of flesh visible on the body that wasn't soaked in blood. The arms and legs, back and neck had all obviously been broken. There wasn't a single part of the corps lying the way that it should have been. The hips were completely twisted around so that the stomach was lying flat on the ground, while the chest and shoulders were facing straight up. The face, completely unrecognizable with all the skin torn off and pealed away from the bone, was pointed straight back, vertical with the spine. A pool of blood saturated hair shown glimpses of its jet-black color.
"Isis," I heard Izzy say, but it sounded weird because her sweet, innocent voice did not belong in the psychotic, disturbing haze that I was in.
I didn't remember the walk back to the park, because of the fog that I was in. I was pretty sure Izzy was sharing the same fog with me. It dissipated, only slightly, as we sat down in the corner of a deserted coffee shop at the end of the street.
"That was Isis Blackhawk," Izzy said. "It looked like an animal had torn her apart!"
"Izzy," I stopped her from saying anymore, but what I think I was really trying to do was protect her from the horror of it. It was too late for that, though. I should have stopped her when I felt compelled to, before she defiled her mind this way. "I was there. No need to explain," I said, hearing the rough edge of anger in my tone.
"I think we need a double espresso," Izzy said. Without waiting for my reply, she got up and left the table, seemingly in a hurry. Not to leave me, but maybe the image. Maybe Izzy hoped it would stay behind if she moved hastily forward.
My surroundings started coming together, as the fog that loomed over me thinned away. The coffee shop had a very rustic, cozy feel to it, with its log walls, thick, low-beam ceiling and large, crackling fireplace. We sat at a table just off to the side of the large, glass, French doors that framed the breathtaking view of the babbling, white water rapids that sliced and wriggled through the thick woods. The land sloped on the other side of the river and took a severe slant up the mountain.
It was beautiful, or at least I knew it would have been beautiful if I hadn't been looking at it through a lens of horror.
Outside the coffee shop, a redwood deck hung out over the river, offering outdoor dinning. On the right side of the deck, there were steps made out of huge, flat rocks that led down to another redwood deck, where it was even more secluded. The area offered privacy and the view of the river where it bloated and slowed to a creeping crawl. One could sit at the deck's edge and dip her toes into the lazy river.
After seeing what I saw, what felt like only moments ago, being here in this warm, cozy atmosphere was perfect. 
Except for the gross-looking animal heads that were hanging on the walls.
Looking at me.
"Sorry," I whispered to them. "But it's really not my fault you ended up nailed to the wall, so quit looking at me like that, will ya?" I whispered, irritably.
"Like what?" Izzy said, setting a steaming cup of espresso on the table under my nose. "Who are you talking to?"
"The animals," I whispered, tweaking my eyes upward at a very distraught looking deer.
Izzy paused in mid-sip, looking deeply concerned for me. She turned her eyes up slowly, looking at the deer head above the door. "They're not talking back to you, are they?"
"If I told you they were, would you still be my friend?" I asked. I was hoping to help Izzy forget about Isis, even if only temporarily, in the span of a giggle or a smile.
"No," she said without even a hint of humor in her tone. Actually, Izzy didn't look much like Izzy right now. Her usual illuminated eyes were now grey and haunted. Her expression reminded me of a storm cloud drifting over the sun. I hated it. I hated the fact that whoever did this to Isis was doing this to Izzy. And the crazy thing was, I think I hated it more for Izzy than I did for Isis.
"Then, no, the animals weren't talking back to me," I said. I took a careful sip of espresso, unable to keep my mind from accusing the barbarian for what had happened to Isis.
He had warned her.
Isis did not obey him.
She ticked him off.
I knew his kind. I knew that his kind was capable of murder.
I reached across the table and took Izzy's hand. "I'm sorry. I know how you wanted to save her and all."
This was my fault. If I hadn't tried to drown my self in Snow Melt, the barbarian would not have come and taken me to the other side. Isis would have never gotten lippy with me. She would not have disobeyed him. 
Izzy's head sank downward, spirals cascaded over her face. "It's too late for her," she said so softly that I could hardly hear her.
Then again, maybe it wasn't the barbarian. Maybe this wasn't my fault. Oh, man, did I hope this wasn't my fault!
"But there is still the rest of them. It's not too late for them, right?" I asked. Suddenly I realized just how important this was to Izzy, leading this coven to her Lord. And suddenly, more than anything else, I wanted to help her. I wanted to stand by her side and wave my sword, too. 
Except, I didn't have a sword. I didn't know how to acquire a sword. Heck, I didn't even believe in what Izzy was fighting for.
But I believed in Izzy. And for this, alone, I would fight legions of witches and sons of Lucifer. I'd fight Lucifer himself!
"You are right, Luna," Izzy said. Slowly, she seemed to recover from her state of defeat. She straightened her spine and raised her head high. "I just have to be a little more, I don't know, aggressive, I guess. And fast, before anything else like this can happen to one of them." A fiery determination sparkled in her eyes and animated her face.
The Izzy I knew was back. The storm cloud had rolled on. The sun was now blazing.
"I like that look, Izzy. You wear it well," I said, letting go of her hand.
"Thanks," she said, excitedly. "Do you want to see my warrior face?" Izzy didn't wait for an answer before she rearranged her features. Her brows furrowed, eyes narrowed into green, razor-sharp slits, and her lips pulled downward a little, almost into a pouting position. Before my eyes, Isabelle Gordon was transformed from sweet and loving Izzy, into dangerous, ready-to-cry warrior.
"Wow. Pretty scary, Izzy. But you really should do something about the mouth area. It just isn't working with that whole eye-thing you got going on there," I suggested.
Izzy's face fell, and she was Izzy once again, the sad one, but without the haunting, without the cloud. "I can't believe us, Luna! Here we are all happy and everything while Isis' body lies all chewed up in the woods. We're awful people."
"No, we're not! Just cuz something bad has happened doesn't mean we should torture ourselves over it. We're not awful people for not owning the horror. It's not ours to own. It doesn't belong to us. That doesn't mean we shouldn't care, but we don't have to be sick with sorrow either. Bad stuff happens in the world every second of every day! Do we walk around like tortured, sorrow-infected zombies? No! Finding comfort in one another's smile or laughter doesn't make us awful people. It just means we're human." For some strange reason, immediately following the sound of my voice, Ashmodai came to my thoughts.
Ashmodai lived at the church. Maybe he saw something. Maybe he knew who did this to Isis. Maybe Isis was with him right now, at this very moment, in ghost form.
Maybe Ashmodai murdered Isis. He is a spooky guy. Spooky guys are definitely capable of doing spooky things, right?
I had to go talk to him. 
But what if Ashmodai does the same thing to me that he did to Isis?
I grinned to myself. 
I'd kick his butt!
"So, how do you kick a ghost's butt if your foot would just go right through it?" I asked Izzy. Which earned me another one of those I-found-your-crazy-stuff look from her. But before she could figure out how to respond, I held up my palm, like I was stopping traffic. "Never mind, Izzy. I'll figure it out," I said. 
I had to figure it out before tonight.
Because tonight, while everyone in Sleepy Hallow will be tucked safely in their beds, oblivious to the world of ghosts and demons in their midst, I would go to the catacombs and I would find Ashmodai.
**** 
Chapter Thirty-Nine
Luna


I blinked at the glare of the shimmering sun that was splashing and playing on Snow Melt Lake outside the living room window. I left Izzy in town quite some time ago and had been sitting there ever since in some sort of strange reverie. Seeing Isis' bloodied body dislodged the memory of me finding Dammon's body. 
I missed him. 
Every day I missed him more than I had the day before. Seeing him again and being with him again in my mind was all I had left. But every time I had to leave him to join the world outside my head I had to relive the mourning. I had to remind myself that in flesh and bone Dammon was gone. And I didn't like doing that. I didn't like it the first time, having to accept this cruel fact. So accepting it every time I pulled out of my memories of him royally sucked.
He was gone because of me. 
I killed Dammon. 
This hurt like no other pain I had ever known. And I had known a lot of pain. I carried this guilt around with me where ever I did roam. It was mine. It belonged to me. And I was taking it to the grave with me.
I shoved off the couch and looked around at all the boxes that were neatly stacked in corners and alongside the walls. I uncurled my fist, unwrinkled the little note my mother had left in my bathroom upstairs, and reread what she had written on it.
Luna,
I had some business to take care of in the city. Be back tomorrow. I'm flying to Burling tomorrow night. I'll be gone for a few days. Hopefully you'll be around tomorrow night. I'd love to spend some time with you before my flight.
I love you,
Mom
I rolled my eyes, stuffed the note back into the pocket of my blue jeans and got to work taking one box at a time and emptying it of its contents. I started with the boxes marked Living Room, which were filled with pictures, new DVDs and stereo and television components, new candles and knickknacks and whatnots and this-thats. I took my time, hoping that if I did, night would fall quicker than normal. The anticipation of seeing Ashmodai was somewhat overwhelming. And keeping my mind off everything was hard, even with the work I had before me. When Addy moved us to Burling we had very little. But after Barron bought Addy this property on Snow Melt and she went on a shopping spree, we owned a lot.
To the back of the living room, a long wall divided the room from a big, den-like area. The movers had put our new black leather furniture in a u-shape in front of the large fireplace. The new love-seat faced the fireplace and two deep, overstuffed chairs flanked the black lacquered coffee table in the center. Two large triangular-shaped windows on each side of the fireplace framed the view of the forest with the mountain range etched in the horizon. It was definitely a cool sitting area, but I had no idea which of our belongings to unpack into this room. We didn't have any boxes that were marked Cool Den-Like Room. So I put a few new apple-cinnamon scented candles on the coffee table and a few on the rock mantle. I threw Addy's new, fluffy, animal hide-looking blanket over the arm of one of the chairs then moved on to the kitchen, just to the right of the living room.
For such a big house, I was surprised that the kitchen was so very humble. It was cool, though. The side wall was actually a turret of windows that had a bench seat built into it. The movers had put our new, round breakfast table there, creating a cozy sit-spot. I was looking forward to sitting there with some coffee, a pastry and the morning glow coming in through all the glass.
Unpacking the house was definitely a great way to pass the time, but it failed at keeping things from passing through my mind, even with all the new and exciting discoveries. Each box was filled with things I hadn't seen before, except for the pictures and a few other personal belongings, like my grandmother Jade's vase. 
When I pulled the vase out of one of the boxes, I paused to examine it. It was my absolute favorite thing Addy and I owned, even out of all the new and wonderful purchases Addy had made. The vase wasn't really a vase, but I didn't know what else to call it. As I turned it, carefully, in my hands, the sun splashed across its smooth, opaque surface. It was cream in color but had swirls of black, glittery smoke through it. The vase was so creamy that it looked like my fingers could sink right into it. Its shape was odd. It was square, like a treasure chest, but it rose up into a cylinder at the top, where an old cork, the size of a plum, plugged the hole. The vase was not only unique in a visual aspect, but there was something out of the ordinary about how it felt. It was both evil and good. It reminded me, in a way, how Ashmodai felt to me. Somehow the vase had a balance to it. A yin and a yang. But it wasn't the vase, really. It was what was inside of it.
While growing up, my fascination with the vase grew as I did. Addy was adamant that I never, ever, try taking the cork off. I obeyed Addy for a very long time, even despite my nagging curiosity. 
But then one day, I just couldn't take the suspense any longer. I had snuck the vase behind the sofa and tried ripping the cork from its neck. But the cork was stubborn. It would not budge. Desperation drove me to becoming reckless. Suddenly it didn't matter if I got busted disobeying Addy. All that mattered was that I uncorked the vase. I tried a knife, a fork, a screwdriver, a pair of pliers, but nothing worked. I was crabby for the rest of the day, after I had finally given up.
That same exact night I had a crazy dream. My grandmother came to me. She was on the back of a dragman beast named Chard, who was half a man and half a dragon. Jade was young. She had very distinct eyes. They were like sparkling peridot. And her long, silky hair was like a fountain of melted coal. She was laughing, giddily, soaring to the ground on that beast's back, coming toward me. I was standing at the shore of a body of water that looked like black ice. When Grandmother landed, all I could do was stare at the beautiful beast she was straddling. He was gargantuan. He reminded me of Bane, with his jet black hair and golden skin, the rippling muscles and black, feathery wings. But this beast had eyes like emeralds, and they glowed just ever-so-slightly. The man part of this beast ended at the waist, where the dragon began. He was magnificent. I had never, to this day, seen anything mightier or more astonishing than the dragman my grandmother showed me in my dreams. His scales emanated a green, gaseous mist that glowed in the dark around him. There were sharp, little barbs on each and every one of his scales. I couldn't imagine how my grandmother sat there on his back looking as comfortable as she did.
When she came to me that night in my dreams she came to warn me about the vase.
"Luna, it is not time," she said, smiling her pleasant, peaceful smile. She looked like a princess, so beautiful and pristine. "Have patience, Moonshine. There will come a day when the vase shall be opened. I will return to you again and I will tell you all. Until then, little warrior, keep it safe." 
Then she road off on that great beast and I woke from the dream.
With a distant smile on my face, I reached upward, standing on the tips of my toes, and I placed the vase carefully on one of the beams that stretched across the top of the kitchen. I wasn't sure why I felt it needed to be hidden, but it did. I was certain of it.
I plopped into the living room couch and sighed. Nearly all the boxes were unpacked now, except for the ones in the bathroom and my bedroom. And probably the ones in Addy's room, in the bedroom to the right of the den, since she couldn't seem to stick around long enough to take care of business.
The sun was nearly ready to hide itself away for the day. Splashes of pink and strokes of muted orange waved back at the sky from the surface of Snow Melt. I wanted to just sit there until nightfall, simply admiring the view, but there were still some things I needed to do in order to make this house feel more like a home. I had been stacking the empty boxes outside on the porch with the intentions of making a bonfire out of them. There were still a lot of them laying about the house, so I walked around and gathered them up.
I had just finished bringing the last load out onto the deck, when I turned my back to the lake and that creepy feeling came over me, dropping over me like a heavy, cold blanket.
Someone was watching me.
I was just about to spin around to look behind me when a large hand clamped around my neck and I was shoved into the side if the house so hard that my face knocked against the log, and sparkly, black stuff floated in my vision. Thick, strong fingers squeezed my throat, choking off the flow of air. A solid, hot body pressed against my back.
Oh, freak, it's Sean!
The image of Isis' mauled corpse flashed before my eyes, and I knew, it was Sean who left the mangled corps in the woods behind the church, and I was about to be laid down in bloody grass.
The hand at my neck forced me to turn around. Again, I was slammed against the wall, but this time with a force that shocked my lungs on impact. Warm lips crushed my mouth, and I was kissed by a savage. 
A deep, gravely voice whispered on my lips, "My Lady Moon." The fingers around my neck loosened. The fuzziness in my vision cleared. Now I was looking up into blue-black obsidian eyes.
These were the eyes of My Dark Angel.
****
Chapter Forty
Luna


"I had to see you again," the barbarian said, but it hardly registered. I was still in shock from the attack. I was still trying to make sense of what was happening. How could this be? This was Bane standing here before me.
And I was still gripped by the intensity of his kiss.
"I would tell you that I did not mean to frighten you," he said. Then he cocked his head just slightly, as if from this angle he'd find whatever it was he was searching for in my face. "But it would be a lie." His husky voice was void of emotion, but I understood why. There was nothing left for his voice because all of his emotions were leaking from his pores, vibrating in his brave and atrocious-looking eyes. There was something severely passionate about him. But this something was not enough, at the moment, to keep me from growing angry.
"Get your hand off me!" I yelled, peevishly. Then, as hard as I could, I kneed him between the legs. Pain sliced through my leg on impact. The barbarian  --whom I believed, being a man and all, should have surely been affected by this--   only stood there. There was a look of what seemed to be a mixture of admiration and entrancement on his face. He hesitated, as if contemplating whether or not to let me go. Then his face twisted slightly into something a little less beautiful. The hunger I saw in his eyes was much like what I was used to seeing in Sean's. It was a hunger for fear and pain. 
My fear. 
My pain.
He decided to let go of my neck, but I did not run away from him like I thought I would. I was totally overcome by the feeling that he would not hurt me, that he couldn't hurt me, that he did not want to hurt me.
"I'm not afraid of you," I said, raising my chin, defiantly.
The barbarian looked very upset, like he wanted to unleash his fury on me, but I saw something beneath that. I saw something that reminded me of me.
The demons.
I could all but actually see them scurrying about in the black abyss of his eyes. Except, his demons seemed scarier, more untamed than mine. Older. No, his demons were ancient. At that very moment, a crazy desire to embrace him came over me. And not just to hold him from the outside, but from the inside, as well. The way I had always longed to be embraced.
This man was Bane. I knew it in my heart. I knew it in my soul. Every fiber of my being knew him.
"You are wrong, Lady Moon," he said. "You are afraid of me." He moved slowly through what little space there was between us, moving the same way he moved in my dreams, like the darkness carried him. He stopped, leaving only inches between us. "I do want to hurt you."
"Then do it," I said, challenging him. His close proximity was making it difficult to breathe. And I couldn't move. Pride, or fear, or desire, or maybe all of the above, kept me still. And from here, I could feel his demon's playground. From here, I understood something about the gooey, black shadow. It was similar to the path Dammon had left through me, except with Dammon, he breezed through me. With Bane, he owned it, like it was never mine, like it was never Dammon's. And I felt a connection. It was a connection I had felt the absence of and had anticipated the completion of for as long as I could remember.
"It felt like coming home.
"I know you. And you know me," I said.
"Yes." He raised his hand and touched the side of my face with a large, warm palm. He was so oddly gentle for such a barbaric beast. 
"But you have yet to know who you are," he said.
"Who am I?"
His fingers, which felt oddly nail-less, combed slowly through my hair to the back of my head. I fought the urge to close my eyes, to allow every cell of my body to absorb this moment the way I knew they desired to.
I wanted to ask him how this was possible, but I could do nothing but stand there, trembling in his hand, longing for him to kiss me again like the savage beast he was.
"My possession," he said in a grizzly whisper that erected the fine hairs on my arms. His fingers curled into a tight fist at the back of my head. I winced at the pain of my hair in his fist. But I knew this touch. I knew this pain. It was all too familiar to me. This was how he'd taken his hold on me for years.
Angrily, as if I had done something wrong, he jerked my head back as far as it would go. Strands of his silky, onyx hair fell over the sides of my face as he kissed me. The caress of our mouths was so very familiar, doused with desperation, candy-coated with the sensation of being found after years of having been lost.
The thought of Dammon's near-kiss came out of nowhere and swept across my mind.
Then, all too suddenly, he shoved my head out of his grasp, leaving my lips deprived and naked and leaving me stumbling backward a few steps. He looked at me with eyes that said he despised what I was thinking, and I was certain, just then, that this man had access to my thoughts.
A chill gushed over my flesh.
"What is going on? Who are you? Why are you inside my head? Why are you inside my dreams? Why do you think you can just come here and. . .and. . .kiss me like this? Tell me why!"
"Turn around," he demanded, with an icy-hot tone in his voice.
"No! You're going to leave! And if you leave, I'm afraid I will never feel whole again!" I blurted, desperately.
He and I stared at one another, as what I said seemed to slowly absorb into both of us at the same time. If I had been thinking straight, I knew I wouldn't have said this. But I wasn't thinking straight. I was confused and frightened and frustrated all at once.
"It is easy to understand why that sow of a man had trounced you all the time. Though, I did not understand why it angered me so," he said.
"What are you talking about?" The frustration at this point had filled me so entirely that I thought I was going to implode.
"And I certainly do not understand your infatuation with Dammon," he said, saying Dammon's name as if it were insipid on his tongue.
"How do you know anything about them? You don't! You just don't. So. . .fine. . .just. . .get out of here!" I spun on a heel, turning my back to him so that he would leave, so that I would only feel like half a being once again.
I waited like this for a few moments, trying to soothe my frustration by taking deep breaths, but something was wrong. I would never be the same again, and I knew this. Somehow this man was a part of me. It was like we were two halves coming together to make a whole.
Like, I loved him in a past life.
Or, maybe in a dream life.
I turned around, totally not expecting to find him still standing there, grinning at me. Twilight did something to him. The last remaining slivers of sunlight sketched him into a masterpiece. Like an artist had chiseled from bronze the perfect square of his intense jaws, thick neck and bulging chest. Wind-tousled hair splayed out around his shoulders. The black trench coat was buttoned from the waist down. 
Yet, in all his perfection, something was missing. And I knew exactly what it was.
Black, feathery wings.
In that moment, all of my doubts and wonders fell away from me, and I accepted it. This man was Bane. He was here, in the real world. He was real. He told me in a dream that he was real, but I didn't believe him. I should have believed him because it was true.
I stumbled awkwardly, making my way across the porch to him. I hesitated, while seventeen years of pent-up desire collided with reality. 
Then I jumped, throwing my arms around his neck and burying my face into his hair. I shut my eyes tightly and breathed in the scent of him. He smelled like earth and fire and rain and wind.
"Tell me I'm not dreaming. Please! Tell me this is real," I begged him, feeling my heart squeeze as if my soul had just embraced it.
Strong, rippling arms embraced me and locked me against him. I was crushed into his massive body, but I didn't care. I wanted nothing more than to die just like this.
"I am your Dark Angel. I am Bane," he said.
Tears filled my eyes, as the rush of pure exhilaration exploded within me. 
Then, quickly, I wriggled myself loose in his arms and stood on my own feet. I ripped open the collar of his coat and yanked it down over his shoulders. Bane took over from there, pealing the leather from his arms. The duster fell to the porch at his feet. 
And I saw them. Beautiful, black wings twitched and unfurled behind him. I gasped at the sight before me, as Bane spread his wings open wide. I covered my mouth in surprise.
I could have stood there like this, staring at him forever. It would have been enough to sustain my every need for as long as I lived.
"How is this even possible?" I whispered through my fingers, in exasperation. It wasn't the fact that such huge wings had been hidden inside his coat that seemed impossible, for the way that they were able to fold up against his back made this possible. It was the fact that my dream had come true. Bane was standing here before me. In the flesh. It seemed so impossible, but it was true. 
"How are you even here, in the real world?"
Bane ignored my question. He seemed to be somewhere else in his thoughts. "Something draws you to me," he said in a soft, almost hypnotic voice. "Something you could not begin to explain. It's different from whatever it is that draws you to anyone else. It's more like the wind, when it weaves itself through the  trees, it leaves its path, its touch, its caress so that it can find its way back again. The two become one in this way. This is how you'll feel forever, My Lady. Once the wind weaves itself through the trees, the branches and the leaves never will forget," he said, gently taking the underside of my chin in his hand. "You shall never forget."
"Dammon said that to me."
"No, My Lady Moon. It was I who said those words to you."
I turned my chin out of his hand and stepped away from him, shaking my head in denial.
"Dammon did not have the ability to leave his path within you, My Moon. No one has this exact power, but I."
"I don't understand," I said, still shaking my head. "I don't understand any of this!"
"Who I am and who you have made me become are two separate entities, and they will dual against one another. Now turn around," he said.
I could only stare up at him. I couldn't have moved even if I wanted to. Bane took me by the shoulders and turned me around and then promptly let go of me.
I was able to feel the precise moment Bane had left me alone. It was the same exact moment in which I no longer felt whole. I turned around, feeling that awful, hollow place Bane's absence had forged in my being so long ago. I never wanted to feel it again. 
Bane was real. 
This meant I never had to feel it again.
****
Chapter Forty-One
Luna


On my way down the night-clad pass, my mind was a mess. Even though I was on my way to see Ashmodai, both him and the possibility of him murdering me were the furthest things from my mind.
Bane was real. 
Just like he said he was. 
And he was here, in Sleepy Hallow, with me. 
I just could not wrap my heart around this. It was too hard to believe that my one and only dream had come true.
I killed the engine and coasted into the trees behind Mawd's Grocers, where I had predetermined would be the best place to stash my bike. The bubbling stream nearby glistened in the bright moonlight. I took a moment to watch her, hoping that she would generously lend me some of her soothing energy. Now that I was actually here in Sleepy Hallow, I was starting to feel a little nervous about meeting with Ashmodai, especially know that I remembered coming across something in my studies about Ashmodai being some sort of bad-to-the-bone vengeance seeker. That was all I could remember, though. I had meant to look him up in one of my books of witchcraft, but with all that was going on, I seemed to have forgotten. Until now. And of course now was a little too late. 
A really big part of me didn't mind if I died tonight. If Ashmodai took my life he'd be doing me a favor. But the smaller part of me felt I actually had something to live for. And that was Bane.
I took a deep breath and left the stream for the rumpled, old cobblestone. A few old light posts spilled faded, yellow puddles of light onto the sidewalks in front of the stores. I stayed clear of them, even though the moon was so bright that I would have been seen anyway, if someone happened to be out and about at this hour.
I moved through the park, staying in the shadows the best I could. The gentle breeze inspired the Aspens and the Pines to slow dance around me. I wanted to dance with them, but now was not the time. When I reached the gravel road, I was soaked in moonlight. I jogged through the open area, feeling uneasy about the odd stillness of the town. The gentle breathing motion of the lake emphasized this stillness.
A single street lamp illuminated part of the church's parking lot. One bare bulb burned bright beside the church doors. I took the steps to the doors two at a time. In the movies, churches were left unlocked, so when I turned the knob and found that it was locked, I was surprised.
"Freak!" I grumbled at the door. "Add another breaking and entering charge to my criminal record," I muttered. I moved, quickly, down the steps and around the front corner of the building. There was no way I was going to break in under a flood of light. There had to be a window in the back, where it was darker. I didn't feel comfortable going anywhere near the yellow police tape. It was kind of creepy, especially at night.
At the rear corner of the church, I stopped. I really didn't want to pass the place where Isis' body was lying this morning. I didn't even want to raise my head and look up. I knew it was silly to be afraid, but I was. Having one of those anything-can-happen lives made me leery of what could happen. Not that it mattered, really. I was here. In the dark. Next to where Isis was brutally murdered, standing above catacombs, no doubt, seeking a ghost who might kill me. Not to mention, The Daughters of Hallows wanted my blood, and Sean was going to be coming for me.
Oh, how I ached so miserably in his absence!
My mind felt like a cage filled with birds waiting for the lid to open. For now, though, all of that stuff would have to wait. Right now, all that was important was getting past the crime scene.
There was a different kind of stillness here than the one in town. Here, it felt more like impending doom, like the silence before the scream in one of those scary movies. The trees swayed softly, but it was nothing like dancing. It was more like an eerie gesture to lure me into their awaiting arms.
Maybe the trees murdered Isis, my perfectly sane mind offered. The image of Isis' bloodied body flashed before my eyes, and I snapped my head in that direction. For a brief moment, Isis was still lying there, mangled and broken, her bleeding eyes blinking wildly, silently pleading for me to help her.
I quickly turned and ran, like a scaredy-cat, to the back of the church. I forced myself to gather my wits by concentrating on finding a window I could climb through. But, dugh, there were no windows in the basement. If there were, it wouldn't have been so darn dark down there when I found Ashmodai. 
My eyes rose up the exterior wall and found a long, stained-glass window directly above me. It looked old. Different colors of glass were pieced together like a puzzle to create a picture of an angel in white robes who looked identical to Ashmodai. He had giant, white wings that were spread high above his head. They stretched down and swept the ground at the heels of his feet. There was something almighty and powerful about this angel. The artist did a superb job at depicting a feeling that this angel was ready for war. It truly was a shame that I had to shatter this image in order to break into the church.
I squatted down and found a fist-sized rock near my feet. I grabbed it up and stood. Just as I was about to throw the rock at the window, I had a strong sense of a presence behind me, and every muscle in my body went stiff and still.
It was her! Isis was standing right behind me.
"Fear not, Luna," came a voice that at first sounded like Isis'.
I spun around, expecting to leap into action, but instead I found someone who wasn't Isis. It was the man from the stained glass window, except without wings. It was Ashmodai. He was standing at the edge of the tree line.
"You scared the heck out of me!" I said. Relief washed through me. For some reason, a ghost was better than an angry corpse, but I was still nowhere near comfortable being in Ashmodai's presence. In the dark. Alone. Where Isis had been brutally slaughtered.
Ashmodai had a faint aura of light around him that made it seem like he was glowing. But I couldn't see it when I looked directly at him. It was only there in my peripheral vision. It sort of reminded me of that green gas that emanated from the dragman's scales.
"I apologize," Ashmodai said. "You came here seeking assurance. No, Luna, I did not murder Isis."
"And I'm just supposed to believe you?" I said, but I did believe him. There was something very good and pure about him, and it had nothing to do with the fact that he looked just like the angel in the window above and behind me. Actually, I felt very stupid for even believing for a second that Ashmodai had been the one to murder Isis. Especially when in my heart I felt I knew that Bane was the one who did it.
"I find it very interesting that I would be a suspect to you, when in your heart beats a desire for one I would find more worthy of suspicion than I," Ashmodai said.
"Now you are a heart reader, too? Boy, this town just keeps getting weirder and weirder. Where else in the world can you find mind reading, air walking men, church ghosts, demon angels and bloodsucker coven girls?" I rolled my eyes. "So, are you and Bane brothers or something? The two of you seem a lot alike."
"Bane and I are from two separate ends of the earth, Luna," Ashmodai said. His expression was unreadable. I couldn't tell if he loathed Bane or liked him. He seemed neutral, balanced, like the swirling together of yin and yang.
"How do you know him?" I asked him.
"You came here seeking answers to Isis' death. I will not tell you what I know."
"Then I guess this was a huge waist of time. It would have sucked breaking the window for nothing," I said. I made a start to leave, but Ashmodai took a sudden step out of the tree line and into the silver-blue light of the moon. 
"Wait," he said, urgently. In only my peripheral vision, I saw something dragging the ground at his heels. I dropped my eyes to see what it was, but Ashmodai stepped back into the trees where the shadows gobbled up this mysterious object.
"There are some things you need to be aware of, Luna Lanchester," he said. "You are in need of my protection."
"I have a protector," I blurted. "And why would I need a protector? And why would I need it from you? Cuz, no offence or anything, but my protector is like three times the size of you. Not that you don't look capable of---" I stopped myself from saying anymore. Why bother? This was crazy. Why would a ghost think I needed his protection? For crying out loud, what would Ashmodai do to protect me, scare someone to death? Throw sparkly stuff in the eyes? How much more bazaar and mysterious could my life become?
Never mind! I really didn't want to know the answer to that question.
"I will not answer your questions, Luna. You are in danger. I can help you. But I am bound here until you ask for my protection," Ashmodai said.
"Is this some kind of ghost joke? A trick to help set yourself free from the bonds of this property or something?" I giggled. "You're crazy, Ashmodai. Have a good life. Or, un-life, or whatever it is you wanna call it." I left him in a hurry, before he could say any more to me. As I moved quickly across the parking lot I could feel his eyes on my back, watching me as I left.
The entire way back to my Harley, I couldn't help but wonder why there was a stained glass window with a picture of Ashmodai puzzled into it or what was dragging at his heels when he moved out into the light of the moon, and why Ashmodai believed I need his protection. And what it was I couldn't remember reading about an entity named Ashmodai.
And why the heck this ache for Sean was getting worse and worse!
Nope, I was not going to think about all those things.
All I wanted to do was go home, fall asleep and pretend that I would wake up the next morning having a normal life. 
Underneath the veil of denial, underneath everything I chose to ignore or didn't understand, there was a feeling nagging at me. It wasn't a gut feeling. No, it went deeper than that. The feeling wasn't concentrating only in my gut. It was wider spread. Through my veins, my blood pulsed a warning of impending doom. 
Much in the same way as my desire for Bane coursed through my blood. 
Like poison. 
And I knew Ashmodai was right. 
I was in grave danger. I was in need of protection.
I just had no idea as to why yet.
****
Chapter Forty-Two
Bane


Even if the contents of My Lady Moon's mind hadn't been scrambled and estranged, she still would not have seen me graze the steeple of the church just off to her left. 
But Ashmodai saw me. Though he was not my concern, as of yet.
I circled the pitched roof then landed at the top of the brass cross and squatted. I perched there, wings spread wide at my side, feathers combing the cool night breeze. As I watched My Lady Moon make her way through the park, I fought to control the burning in my veins. Though temporarily satiated by Isis's savage death, the pain was still excruciating. I needed to feed. The longer I went without an ingestion of fear-laced corpuscles, pain-spiked plasma lipids, the more intolerable the burning in my veins became. This was my curse. It had been passed down to me from my father's seed.
When Lady Luna's machine roared to life, I twisted at the torso and cut my wings back. Then I lunged, nose-diving toward an awaiting Ashmodai, The Destroyer.
Of course, I saw it coming. After centuries of fighting him, I knew Ashmodai's tactics. I expected it, even. 
From the center of the palm of his hand leaked a light. It swirled into the shape of a ball and hovered just above his flesh. But this was no ordinary light. This was the very essence from which he came. It was a ball of a thousand lightning strikes, packed with the equivalent electrical punch.
And now it was whirling straight for me.
I could have avoided it, but I needed its pain to soothe me. Midway in my decent, it struck me in the chest. A sizzling, not-of-this-earth jolt of heat sent me flying backward. My spine crashed into the nearest tree. My shoulders followed then folded around it. The trunk rippled and cracked against the force of my body then split in two halves. By the time the top half of the tree had fallen to the forest floor, I had recovered. As I straightened, shook off my wings and pierced Ashmodai with my eyes, tendrils of popping, spitting light exited the flesh of my chest just as painfully as it had entered.
And it was wonderful. My own pain was comforting. Slightly satiating.
There were only two things capable of easing my discomfort in this realm, my pain or someone else's. This was what I needed. Pain. Pure and unadulterated pain. 
Grinning, anger pulsing through me, I spread my wings high above my head while feathers swept the dry foliage at my feet. It was The Battle Stance, the world-old invitation to war.
"When will you learn, Old One?" Ashmodai said. "You cannot defeat me." He stood there, not at all intimidated. Looking just as powerful as he had the last time I stood before him this way.
"No, I cannot. Just as you cannot defeat me. Until the Armageddon, that is. But it is the attempt I find rejuvenating. That is, of course, once I am able to convince you to lay down your arms and fight me like a man," I said.
"We are not men, Bane." Ashmodai's calm was fuel for my anger. I wanted, needed, to provoke him. The lust for the unleashing of my rage burned in me like fire, boiling my already hot blood.
"But we can be torn," I growled. "We can be broken." I clenched my fingers into fists, entrapping the searing heat in the palms of my hands, letting it build by the seconds. "We. Can. Bleed. Like men!" I roared, throwing the heat from my palms to the ground at my feet. The balls of fire caused the earth around me to tremble with fear. Fire splattered in the darkness from the crater-like holes in the ground then dissipated with popping, snapping resistance.
"I will not fight you, Bane," Ashmodai said. "It is not time."
"Lay down your arms, and fight me! Now is the time. Now!"
"You have been discovering emotions denied you by your father, Bane. Luna has captured your heart. It is this that angers you. Anger is far more familiar to you, far more comfortable than are these newfound emotions, Bane."
The fool was smiling. That ugly kindness of his was glowing like the light Lady Luna adored in Isabelle. The very light that made Ashmodai what he is. Or what he used to be.
"You love her. All the anger, violence and pain in the world cannot take that away, Bane."
"No! No, you fool," I seethed, as if the power of my voice alone would be enough to alter these facts. Heat prickled my pores. Sparks of fire lapped at my skin, circling me with the comfort of flames. "She is my possession! That is all. The only emotions I am capable of are the ones gifted to me by my father. Hate. Anger. Pain! You should know this better than anyone," I said, accusingly. 
But something was wrong.
Ashmodai was right.
And this made me angrier than I already was.
"You can leave him, you know, your father. You can turn your back on him and you can accept and experience emotions far greater than the ones you speak of. You do not need to follow Lucifer. You can be with Luna. She is capable of showing you many beautiful things. The pain can go away, Bane. But, I must warn you. If you turn your back on your father, you best be willing to fight, because Lucifer will not make it easy for you to follow his adversary."
"You think My Lady Moon can accomplish what you have failed to succeed at for hundreds of years? Is that your pathetic desire? You hope that she will convince me to worship your god? Impossible! She loves her own god. I am her god. That is, until I divest myself from The Coven's wards. Yes, Ashmodai, I do know how to accomplish this."
For the first time ever, I had the pleasure of seeing something other than calm and kindness in Ashmodai's eyes. I witnessed shock. And it made me smile victoriously. 
"Awe, you thought we'd never know, did you? Well, you were partially right. My brothers do not know. But I do. I cannot let them steal the pleasure of what is to come. Strong the Lanchesters are, indeed. But Barron grows weak. At any given moment, I can coheres him into taking his own life. Then all that will remain of the Lanchester bloodline is Luna. I will play first. I will introduce her to the unique euphoria of pain. Then Luna will die, Ashmodai. And I. Will. Be free!"
"You do not wish to do this, Bane," Ashmodai looked quite shaken, and it pleased me to have this power over him. It pleased me almost as much as did the look in Luna's eyes when my fingers squeezed the air from her throat. Oh, yes, the Hylander was right. Luna was an anomaly. There was no greater satiation than her fear combined with her fight. Ashmodai's discomfort came second to that.
"You are linked by blood, you and her. For seventeen years you have been connected to her. You were there within her when she crashed her tricycle and skinned her knee. You were there on her first day of school. You were there each and every time she endured her father's abuse. She brought you with her. You followed her, eagerly. And you burned with an uncontrollable rage, for all you could do was watch, as her life unfolded before your eyes. She rendered you helpless. And helplessly in love. Who you are and who she has made you become are, indeed, two separate entities, Bane. But the one can be severed from the other. You can shed yourself of your demons, Bane. You can turn your back on your father and become his adversary's warrior."
"Being tied to Luna's blood is what feeds the animal in me. She has fed me for so long." I ground the words through clenched teeth. What Ashmodai was saying was preposterous. And it angered me to the point that every pore in my body spat fire.
But, again, Ashmodai was right. For seventeen years, I watched through My Lady Moon's eyes and I had fallen in love.
"Your feelings have become one with hers. It has become difficult for you to decipher the separation. Whose belongs to whom? You leak into her as she leaks into you."
Bleeding through me. Like blood. Lifeblood.
"That would be an ignominy to my kind, if that were so, Ashmodai. I would not dare disgrace my father in such a way. I am the son of the most evil creation in this world, the son of a cherubim once anointed authority over primitive creation. I am the son of the prince of power over the air, king to a host of demons. A son of Lucifer does not love! Now fight me, Ashmodai. Fight me and make your god proud, as you once did when you were his Avenging Angel. Fight, or I will appease my hunger elsewhere!" I demanded. And, of course, he obeyed. Ashmodai's weak spot was the very mention of his fall from grace.
Slower than my patience had agreed with, Ashmodai unbuttoned his cloak. It fell, rumpled, to the ground. His cloud-white wings unfurled, stretching high above his head, while feathers brushed the earth at his feet.
The Battle Stance.
Faster than any mortal could begin to imagine, I closed the distance between him and I. With the force of my solid three hundred and ninety-pound body, I punched him in the side of the head, holding him by the shoulder so that he would not sail backward and away from me. Ashmodai's arm, like pliable steel, wrapped around my torso. With one thrust of his wings he sent us backward and into the tree behind me. It cracked in the center on impact. The animal in me drove my teeth into his shoulder. I bit down hard, wagging my head until flesh ripped away from his bone.
Salt! How could have I forgotten?
The salt of the earth burned my tongue, boiling and sizzling and blistering my mouth. I spat out a chunk of Ashmodai's flesh, as his fingers encircled my throat. 
Eye to eye, we grinned at one another. 
No matter how kind this angel professed himself to be, he enjoyed the fight just as much as, if not more than, I did, for he once was, after all, The Prince of the Avengers of Evil. 
And he was, as well, a long-time favored competitor of mine.
I sent a powerful blow to Ashmodai's head and then another one to his face. I wrapped him in one of my arms in a bone-crushing embrace. Ribs gave-way to my strength, shifting and moving beneath my arm, as I took to the sky. Above the tree tops, near the brass cross, Ashmodai and I separated. He threw a punch, landing it in my upper right cheek, sending me backward. I tucked my wings into my side and went into a backward spiral across the sky. Then I cut my wings, at just the right moment, and righted myself in the sky again. 
But only to be instantly plowed by the oncoming angel. 
Ashmodai and I were hurled through the air. Black and white feathers rained to the earth below.
With strengths and strategies nearly equally matched, Ashmodai and I fought until the first slivers of light from the sun shone across the eastern horizon, until he and I were broken and bleeding. We fought, not like angels, but like men.
With wings.
****
Chapter Forty-Three
Izzy


"It's morning, Ashmodai! I was just waking up, and you had to suck me back into dreamland?" Isabelle complained, but only a little bit. Isabelle treasured the time she got to spend with Ashmodai.
"I apologize, Isabelle," his voice came from the darkness in her mind, traveling on a thread of brilliant light. By the time he finished speaking, the light had swelled, and Isabelle's mind was filled with the kind of light only Ashmodai was capable of producing. "You know I would not intrude upon your privacy if it were not important."
"I think I know what this is about," Isabelle said, feeling a heavy dread in the pit of her stomach. "She has come, right? The girl you told me about."
"Yes. Luna Lanchester is the one."
Isabelle felt herself shaking her head. "No. Why her? Why does it have to be her? She's my friend, Ashmodai! I don't have any of those. I like it. I like her. She's very lost, and I know God says we should not be unequally yoked together with unbelievers, but I do believe she may find her way. Oh, Ashmodai! This is awful. Awful that it has to be her." Isabelle felt the tears in her eyes. As much as she wanted all of this to go away, she knew that it wouldn't. For as long as this earth is old, this battle has been brewing between The Coven of the Hallows, the Lanchesters and the sons of Lucifer.
Little ol' me, Isabelle thought. Little ol' me thrown into  the mix of it!
"Isabelle," Ashmodai said, using that parental tone Isabelle had come to learn so well, the one that was packed with a hefty punch of comfort and security. "It may not have to end so badly for her."
"Pardon me for the interruption, Ashmodai, but aren't you the one who told me how this ends? Luna is going to die. In my opinion, that is a very bad ending."
"Not much in this earth is written in stone, Isabelle. It was never an absolute that it ends that way, only a great probability. But is the price of one's life worth the end of these creatures of Lucifer's? Would you not sacrifice your own life in order to rid Sleepy Hallow of these evil entities? As I said, though, it may not end that way for Luna. Time and events ebb and flow much like the ocean. Things change, altering the end results. Something has happened. Something has changed, possibly altering the fates of the Lanchesters. It is something that was once thought so unlikely that even I had not foreseen its possible coming."
Isabelle felt her eyes widen. " Really? What is it?"
"Bane is in love."
Shock acted like a soak-resister, preventing Ashmodai's words from sinking in and making any sense to Isabelle, because Isabelle understood full-heartedly that it was impossible for a son of Lucifer to know love.
"It is true, Isabelle. Bane has fallen in love with Luna. Luna has loved him for a very long time. This, by no means, keeps her safe, though. It may, on the contrary, make things worse for her. Unlike his brothers, Bane did not resist Luna's thoughts. Instead of randomly linking to her thoughts as his brothers do, Bane has absorbed Luna's feelings, obsessively, experiencing things through her in ways he never would have otherwise. And that is why she is here, Isabelle. Through his ability to coerce a Lanchester's thoughts, Baron Lanchester was persuaded to purchase the property for Adeline and his daughter there at Snow Melt."
Isabelle gasped. "Bane influenced Barron, putting it in his mind to buy that place, so that Luna would move to Sleepy Hallow? So that he could be near her?"
"Yes. Bane could not bear it any longer, being physically apart from her. It is entirely his doing, why Luna is here in Sleepy Hallow. Yet, it was not only the physical absence of her that he could no longer bear. There is more to it. Much more.  It is very evident now that his brother, Rune, has taken an interest in Luna. It is an interest that runs deeper than the simplicity of attraction that it once was. And now, Rune and Bane are competing for her. Bane needed to bring Luna here where he could protect her from his brother and the Hylander Rune has possessed."
"Luna told me she'd been dreaming about Bane her whole life." Isabelle felt her hands cover her mouth. Heavy despair settled in her heart. "Oh, my! This means Luna and Bane have the Love-Bond, the magical ingredient The Coven has been waiting for for eons! With her blood, and her special link to Bane, The Coven would be able to gain control over the sons! This is bad, Ashmodai. Very bad!"
"It could very well be, Isabelle."
"What am I supposed to do? I mean, this is obviously where I come in, right? Ashmodai! I can't do this. I don't want to be held responsible for the soul of my only friend! I can't---"
"It is your turn to pardon my interruption, Isabelle. The Lord has faith in you. It makes no sense, then, that you would not have faith in yourself."
"Does He?" Isabelle knew He did. In her heart and in her soul, she simply knew. It was just that every now and then she needed a little reassurance. Now just so happened to be one of those times.
"It is unlike you to doubt this. Of course He has faith in you. So much so that He has sent me into your dream world to be your guide. I am not sent unless it is important."
"Can't you just go kick some angel butt and we can all be done with this?"
Ashmodai's gentle laughter came unexpectedly to Isabelle. "As interesting as that sounds, no, Isabelle, it cannot be done that way. Luna is in grave danger. Without an invitation, I cannot protect her. Visiting you in your dreams and sharing crucial pieces of information, is the extent of my protection. And I assure you, this will not be enough. My physical presence will be direly needed."
The weight in Isabelle's heart seemed too heavy to bear, but she knew she had to be strong. She had to prove her self worthy. The Lord had chosen her to be His soldier. She gave herself to Him to use however He saw fit. She would not let Him down. This thought gave her confidence a great boost, and the heaviness in her heart had been lifted.
Isabelle felt a smile move over her face. She knew she alone did not have the strength to do this. But the Lord did. And knowing He was there, knowing that no matter what happened His will would be done, was comforting to Isabelle.
"I see you are ready to hear more, Isabelle," Ashmodai said. She could hear the proud smile in his voice, and this edified her confidence.
"Yes. I am ready for anything the good Lord sees fit for me."
"Bane knows that if there are no living Lanchesters left on this earth he and his brothers will be free from The Coven," Ashmodai said. "It is only he who knows, as of yet.
Isabelle felt the stab of shock, but it did not penetrate, as she knew it would have only moments ago, had the Lord not renewed her strength and courage. "But I thought you said that was The Coven's heavily guarded oath secret? They knew they wouldn't stand a chance if the sons where to ever find out how to escape them. They knew the sons would shed the Lanchester blood right down to the very last drop. The coven may be powerful, but nowhere near even one of the sons, let alone all four of them combined. How could they let something so important like this slip---" The answer hit Isabelle hard, like a knock upside the head.
"Oh, Ashmodai, I did this! I told Luna how the sons could get home! Bane found out because of me. Because he was in her head. He heard me tell her about the secret! What have I done?"
Bane is guarding this secret from his brothers, but I am sure it is only a matter of time before he can guard it no more. With the way the Lanchesters and the sons are linked, it would be nearly impossible to keep this a secret for very long. It is inevitable. The others will be coming. And not just the brothers, but the entire coven, Isabelle. Many dangerous people, creatures, have an interest in Luna's blood. And with her being here in their coven-stead, she is within their grasps. Bane professes an animosity toward Luna, denying his feelings for her. He said that he will do what it takes to be free from The Coven. Bane is unstable, unpredictable. His love for Luna is driving him more mad. There is no telling what he will do. There is no guarantee that Bane will choose love over his own freedom."
"Oh, poor, Luna! What a predicament."
"Yes, Luna has been through a lot already, but it has only just begun for her. Bane and The Coven are not her only problems. Rune is not a force to be reckoned with. He is the second born son of Lucifer, and he is nearly as powerful as Bane."
"It seems these are impossible odds for Luna!" 
"She must know everything. She is a warrior. Do not forget that. She is a descendant of the most fearsome warriors of all times, Isabelle. She is strong. She is a fighter by nature. Most importantly, Luna must be led to the Lord, soon, before it is too late, like it was for Isis Blackhawk. Luna's days here on earth may very well be numbered. Descendent of fearsome warriors or not, there is no mortal power strong enough to protect her from the son's of Lucifer. There is no mortal power capable of destroying them. She will need me, especially if Bane chooses freedom over love."
Ashmodai's words formed a lump in Isabelle's throat. She gulped, swallowing them down with difficulty. Desperation viciously gnawed at the edges of her newfound strength. "But I think Luna is an Atheist. She will be difficult to lead!" Isabelle felt that familiar pull, the slow assent of her ethereal being as Ashmodai released her from the realm of dreams. The feathery softness of floating was once so beautiful and comforting. But not this time. This time, it felt so very frightening having to leave the safe and peaceful light beneath her as she drifted up and out of her slumber and into a world full of scary, evil creatures.
Isabelle woke with a start. She rushed out of bed and down the hall toward the phone so fast that her feet nearly tangled clumsily together.
All hell was about to break loose, and Isabelle was the only one who knew about it. 
All angels, good or bad, excluded, that is.
****
Chapter Forty-Four
Luna


It was dark, but the blaze of the bonfire lit the world around us. I was curled in a ball with my knees hugged tightly to my chest. I sat there watching my father pace back and forth in front of me. Shadow and light, shadow and light flashed across his manic-like face. He was talking again in that language I did not understand, in that voice that was not his. He was having an argument with someone inside his head. Seeing Barron in this state always seemed to frighten me more than my impending dooms.
Then, as it often did, his language changed into something I could recognize. "Are you certain? Fire will drive them out of her?" he asked, stopping so suddenly that I gasped. His face looked crazed, yet saintly hopeful. For a moment, just one moment, I actually believed no harm would come to me this night.
I held my breath, my own hopefulness growing as I waited to hear what he would say next. Then he turned to face me. His wild eyes flickered in the light of the fire. I saw an explosion of love and adoration cross the expression on his face. "Lay on your stomach, child," he commanded.
I knew to obey, and to obey promptly, so I lay on the ground on my stomach, my heart pounding into the earth beneath me. One of Barron's boots stepped over me. He stood directly on top of me now. In my peripheral vision I could see the stick he was holding in his hand. I could see the fire burning at its end. I felt Barron's knuckles graze the skin on my back as he hiked my shirt up over my shoulder blades. He was talking again in that awful voice, arguing incessantly.
I squeezed my eyes shut tight. All hope that no harm would come to me had vanished. The fiery stick moved out of my visual periphery, and a scalding heat touched my back. I could only scream out in pain as my flesh melted, and a stench permeated the air.
****


Just before I opened my eyes the sound of shattering glass came from down stairs. I woke abruptly, tearing myself out of the dream to escape the pain. The noise made no sense to me because I still was not quite severed from the dream.
But then I realized there shouldn't have been any sound coming from down stairs.
I sat up quickly. Then I went very still, straining my ears to listen for any other sounds that may be coming from downstairs.
Someone was in my house.
It could have been Addy, but I doubted it. I had locked the door when I came in last night, so it couldn't have been Izzy. That left only Bane, or---
No, it wasn't Sean. Not this soon. I refused to believe that it was him.
Oh, but the ache! How wonderful it would be for him to put an end to this ache!
I would kill him. I would put an end to this ache and the mourning he inflicted upon me when he murdered my angel.
I crept to the box near the window, slipped my hand inside of it and pulled out my old, serrated-edged, Survival Knife. I held it in my hand with tightly closed fingers and moved slowly across my bedroom floor.
I would kill him without regret. 
Slowly, I opened my bedroom door, hesitating only to looking out into the dark, lofty hall. There was no one there. 
I would kill him and I would not hesitate in doing so.
I slipped out of my room, hesitating again to look in both directions. Again, there was no one there. I crept down the hall to the stairs and looked down into the living room. It was early morning. The sun had not yet risen over the mountains, so there were many shadows and silhouettes in the living room below. Nothing looked out of the ordinary, though. But I could feel a presence. Someone was definitely in my house, in my living room, hiding in one of the many shadows down there.
Oh, how I wanted it to be Sean! 
My heart quickened. Squeezing the hilt a little tighter, I started slowly down the stairs, scanning three hundred and sixty degrees around me the whole way down. As soon as my bare feet touched the cool, stone floor of the living room, I heard a sniffle.
My eyes darted to a place on the floor next to the sofa. I could barely make out the silhouette of someone kneeling near the end-table, with shoulders hunched and head down. It was too dark to make out who it was, but it was far too small of a figure to belong to Bane or Sean. Not that either one of those beastly guys would have been on my living room floor weeping.
Although, I would have loved to have seen Sean there weeping. Weeping tears and weeping blood from the knife wound in his chest, after I buried the blade deep into his body.
"Addy?" Disappointed, I went to her quickly and clicked on the lamp. I set the knife down on the end table and squatted down in front of her. "Are you ok?" I brushed falls of soft, wavy hair away from her face. There were no bruises or black eyes on her face. There were only tears. Weird. I had only ever seen her cry like this when there were marks on her of some sort, after a good beating from Barron. 
Addy threw her arms around me with such a force that it knocked me backward and almost made me tip over. Addy squeezed me in her embrace, her boney body rocked with silent sobs. It took me a second or two to get past this whole Addy-was-hugging-me thing. When I did, emotions started to trickle through me. I realized just how fragile and vulnerable Addy was. Human. She was only human, and humans made mistakes. She was a victim, too. I needed to accept these things. I needed to put aside the past and forget. Move on. Grow up.
In those few moments, I was no longer angry with Addy. And it felt so good. It felt so right.
I folded my arms around her, returning her embrace, and I held her tightly. A spasm of sobs shook Addy's body and she buried her face into my hair. 
I had to be strong for her. Addy was lost, too. Addy was weak. She was not as strong as I was. I knew this now. Addy was not a Lanchester by blood. She was a Trentis, a descendent of pampered kings and queens who had other's, like the Lanchesters, do their fighting for them.
With the exception of Jade, of course. Jade was a fighter. 
I would fight for Addy. Whatever it was that brought her to sobs in my arms, I would fight it for her.
"Addy, what is going on? What is wrong with you?" I asked. The phone in the kitchen began to ring, but both Addy and I ignored it.
Addy, seemingly reluctantly, uncurled herself from me, wiped her face and quickly stood. "I dropped my wine glass," she said. "Careful, Moonshine, there is glass everywhere." On her way to the kitchen for the broom and the dustpan, she picked up the phone. I heard her say hello, but it must have been too late. I heard her hang the receiver back up again.
I sat down on the couch and watched Addy sweep the glass up off the floor, trying to remember the last time she had called me Moonshine. This was hers, Barron's and Jade's nickname for me. When I was a little girl, she used to sing; you are my Moonshine, my only Moonshine. You make me happy when nights are grey. It always made me giggle because I knew those weren't the right lyrics to the song.
After finally returning the broom and dustpan, Addy sat down on the couch beside me. She went still, looking at me with sad, tired eyes. The phone in the kitchen started to ring again. In the back of my mind I was curious as to who would be calling at this early hour, but the look in Addy's expression had my full attention.
And I had hers. She ignored the phone this time. Addy took my hands and turned my wrists up, looking at the many deep scars on my arms. She stared at them, as if sooner or later she'd be able to find fresh signs of my suicidal tenancies. But this time, she'd have to look deeper than my flesh to find the fresh signs. They weren't visible to the naked eye. Still holding my hands, Addy looked at me. I swore she was looking right at them, staring at the bogeymen that were hiding in the dark corners of my mind. She could see them. I was certain of this. 
"You know why you are like this, don't you?"
"My pathetic infatuation with ending my life? Let me guess, my father, right? Genetic coding? I could have told you that. Barron's to blame for a lot of pathetic malfunctions in my personality, like sparkly dead guys, sticky blackness and bogeymen," I said, bitterly. I could have kept going, but I was pretty sure Addy got the point.
"You're actually right, this time," she said. "As a matter of fact, all of the Lanchesters were like this. They were definitely a very unique breed of people. I wish you could have heard some of the wild and crazy stories your Grandmother Jade used to tell me when I was a little girl. They gave me nightmares for a long time, but I loved to hear them, none-the-less. The point I'm trying to make, though, is the strangeness on your father's side of the family. And believe me, strangeness is a nice, simple word to describe them. Well, your father was a sick man. You know that, I know, but what I'm trying to say is that---" she paused, trying to find the right words. 
The phone kept ringing in the background.
"It was something deeper than his character or his personality that caused him to be sick, Luna. I thought when I first married him that he might have a multiple personality disorder of some kind. He agreed to see the best therapists and psychologists that money could buy, but no one ever found what I could see in him every day. No one could see the monsters like I could."
"The monsters?" This gave me the goose bumps. I always believed the monsters in me were the results of suppressing the painful and crazy experiences in my life, blaming Barron only because I could, because he was crazy too. But now Addy was telling me that I actually could blame Barron for the monsters. 
But she was also confirming suspicions that I had had for a very long time. I knew in my heart when Barron had arguments with someone inside his head that he was actually conversing with the very same demons I felt within my own head, and that they were his demons, too. I thought about this for a second longer. This was not cool. If my monsters were not the results of suppression then that only meant---
"Real monsters, Luna," Addy said. And, yup, that pretty much summed up the un-cool stuff.
"I know this sounds crazy, but it's true. Something lived inside of him, and I swore I could see it peeking out at me through his eyes whenever it took control of him, and he'd get violent. The Barron I fell in love with was a sweet, passionate, caring man who would never, never, dream of hurting you or me, or anyone. Luna, it was not him who hurt you all those years, it was his monster. I never would have stayed with him if I hadn't believed that I could help him. I did not want to divorce him and leave him alone with whatever lived inside of him. I was scared for him. Really scared. More scared for him than I was for my self. I was more scared for him than I was for you. And he needed me," Addy said, choking on the last two words. Tears filled her eyes and she gulped at a sob that rose up and willed her to break down and cry.
"Luna, your daddy used to cry and cry, scream and torture himself over what he'd done to you. The ugliness he felt over it, the mourning he'd done, was just so incredibly sad. But, you see, Barron was trying to help you. He would have done anything to let the monsters out of you. He confessed that it was them telling him how to get them out of you."
I dropped my head, brushing the pad of my thumb over the rough scar in the palm of my hand. What Addy was saying was some powerful stuff. It stirred the anger in me. I could feel it churning like a stick in a hot bed of coals. But I couldn't help but wonder. What if she was right? What if my father had not been the one to hurt me all those years? What if it were the monsters within him? Then could I, would I, forgive him?
This was too much to absorb right now. This was way too much to take in and sort through. But there was already a part of me that knew for certain that I would. I could forgive him, because I understood what it was like to live with the monsters.
Oh, how big this was! How---
"Your father was found early this morning. I got the call and rushed back here, to see if you were all right."
"What call? Why wouldn't I be all right?" Ok, so that last question was kind of a stupid one.
Addy seemed to choke on more sobs. It took a lot of effort for her to collect herself. She wiped tears with her long, dainty fingers. "Because. . .I. . .I. . .I just don't know!" she cried. More tears flooded her eyes. They seemed to frustrate her now. She rubbed her cheeks almost angrily then she took my hands in hers and squeezed my fingers in her wet palms. "I think you are sick, too, Luna. I think this is why you get so violent and angry. You have monsters, too, I just know it! And yes, it's crazy, but it's true. Somehow there are demons inside of you. Demons! Real demons. I'm scared. I'm just so scared! And your grandmother's stories---"
I quickly gathered my mother into my arms and held her until she stopped weeping. "Addy," I wiped damp strands of hair away from her face. I wanted to assure her that she didn't have to be afraid for me. I wanted to tell her that I was going to be all right, that it was silly of her to believe that real demons could live inside of anyone, but I couldn't say these things. Addy had a legitimate reason to be afraid. And she was right to believe in the demons.
"Your father was found dead. Shot in the---" She swallowed whatever she was about to say. 
The phone kept ringing and ringing.
"They say it was suicide, but they're wrong. They are wrong! He was murdered! Murdered by the demons!"
"No," I said, shaking my head. "That's crazy." But I knew perfectly well that it wasn't crazy.
This was just too much, too fast. I couldn't put any of it in its proper order. The hot coals of my anger spat little flames from them, and they were licking me from the inside. I was mad because Addy used such a lame excuse to let my father hurt me. I was mad because she loved him so entirely that I was neglected. I was mad because I knew her excuse was really the truth, mad because I loved Barron and wanted to forgive him, mad because he was gone now and I would never get that chance, mad because. . .because. . . there was more, so very much more that made me mad, but I couldn't think. I didn't want to think.
I wanted to walk.
I got up off the couch and walked out the door, like my body was on autopilot. It knew where I was going, but I did not. It had a destination, but I did not. Addy didn't say a word. She knew I got upset at random and unexplainable times.  And she probably knew this about me, not because of all the time she had spent with me, getting to know me, but because of all the time she had spent with Barron, getting to know him.
The morning sun was now eating away at the dark, as I walked toward the forest. My many thoughts had crammed themselves together, creating one, whirling and fearsome funnel cloud. But I didn't care. I didn't want to know what was going on inside my head. I didn't want to make sense of it. I just wanted to walk, fast and far. I had to see Bane, but even that was not enough to convince me that I should stop walking, that I should put out the fire inside of me. No, the fire was good. The fire felt great. I would let it rage, for all I cared. It fed me somehow. It made me feel so alive in my otherwise dead and darkened inner world.
I walked at a brisk pace through the trees, vaguely aware of the sharp branches that were scratching my arms or the dry needles and sticks that were pricking and poking the bottoms of my feet. When I discovered what had actually been my destination all along, I stopped. I sat down on the boulder that jutted out over the lake. All that was ugly and dark inside me was stirring. Images from my past pulsed before my eyes, and I ground my teeth together, as if I could chew it all up and spit it all out. Biting back a scream of rage and turmoil, I curled my fingers into fists. Tears welled in my eyes, and I grew even angrier because of them.
I punched the rock beside my leg as hard as I could, crying out in rage. My knuckles cracked, bones shifted, but the pain was numbed by my raging emotions. What little I did feel felt good. It felt right. It fed something within me. Before my eyes, my mind flashed pictures of torment and anguish and pain. There had been so very much pain!
I drove my fist into the rock again and again. Bones splintered. Flesh opened up and blood beaded to the surface. But it wouldn't go away. The inner pain was still there.
Hungry to feel more, desperate to be free of it all, I shot to my feet and looked through my toes at the sharp, rugged cliff side below me. Merciful they were the rocks. I could hear them whispering  promises of taking me away, ripping me from the skin that I was in so that I would be free once and for all.
I believed them, without a doubt. They would hold true to their promise.
And there was nothing and no one to stop me this time.
I felt a smile pierce through the pain. I felt it rise up, defying the laws of darkness's gravity, and it twitched in the corner of my mouth. Free, like I was about to be.
I took a deep, long breath of crisp, mountain air, and then closed my eyes for the very last time.
And then I jumped.
****
Chapter Forty-Five
Bane


Pain caused me to open my eyes to darkness, but it was not my pain, and it was not the darkness of the cave that I was in. Long ago, I had learned the minute distinctions between Lady Luna's internal-ness and my own. This was definitely not my own. The pain and the blackness belonged to her.
Through the thread of our blood-tie I instantaneously sought her out. She shot to her feet on a rocky ledge high above Snow Melt Lake.
My Lady Moon was about to die.
Panic   --something I had never felt as my own emotion before now--    rocked me from within. I sprang from the cave's floor, shot through the gaping mouth in the earth and shoved my self into the sky. I grasped at the morning air with my wings, thrusting it down to the ground fast and hard and I took myself into a static soar. I stayed linked to Lady Luna. I had learned long ago how to navigate through my world while still being able to see into hers.
I was fast, slicing through the sky just barely off the water, but I wasn't confident that I would be fast enough. Now, through her eyes as well as mine, in two totally different perspectives, I watched her jump. I watched as she began to plummet toward the rocks below.
I cut the sky with my wings, angling the alula inward on each downward stroke, flying faster than I knew myself to be capable of.
She was inches from her death when I collided with her body. The impact was a force that sent us sideways through the air. I secured Lady Luna in my arms just in time, before my left wing clipped the water and we spun, belly-up, belly-down then crash-landed into the lake. Snow Melt drank us in, momentarily.
As we became completely submerged, I curled my wings around my possession then took her back to the surface, and quickly, so that she would not try to take a liquid breath. I felt her determination to end her miserable life, but I would not allow that. I was very angry that she had done this. I wanted to rip her apart with that anger.
Once we hit the surface, I heard Lady Luna gasp for air. It was a simple sound. One I had heard her make countless times before, and yet, here and now, it was the most beautiful sound I had ever heard.
My Lady Moon had nearly died. This struck me with a force more damaging than even Ashmodai's ball of a thousand lightning strikes. And I knew with great certainty that Lady Luna could not die. I knew, even if it took my own immortal life to make this so, I would not allow her death.
Keeping us afloat at the surface, I turned Luna in my arms, uncurling my saturated and heavy wings so that I could see her face. 
I needed to see her face. 
I knew she was all right. I knew that she had not been harmed, but that was not why I needed to see her. The panic had to be snubbed. Though she was safe and in my arms and looking up at me, my heart still pounded wildly in my breast. It was my heart that needed to see her.
My exotic Lady, looking up at me with those exotic, spellbinding eyes, satiated the panic. Relief swam through me, and I felt a strange and unfamiliar desire to laugh. Deeply, quietly, I laughed, while I drew My Lady Moon against me and embraced her.
"Sleep, My Lady Moon," I whispered. I watched in complete and utter exaltation as her thick, dark lashes fluttered then softly fell over her eyes. Luna went limp in my arm.
Unaware of my own intentions, the painful heat bubbling through my blood, my eyes fell to the slightly bulging vein that pulsed blue up the side of Luna's neck, and I was overcome by the desire to sink my teeth into her flesh, rip it wide open and drink from that very vein. Every last drop, I desired to drink. This desire overtook me, overpowered me. My mind thrummed, Free. Free. We will be set free.
We?
Only vaguely was I aware of my own desires. Drinking Lady Luna's blood until she ran dry was not one of them. It would never be one of them again.
Luna had weakened me. Somewhere between exaltation and the warm feeling of love, I had let down the mental barricade that kept my brothers from entering into my thoughts.
I was not alone in my mind.
Which meant Luna was not alone with me.
But this did not matter now. Draining Luna Lanchester's blood from her body so that we would be set free was all that was important.
Drink! My mind demanded from two voices in unison. Drink! Drink! Drink!
My body responded. My nail-less fingers dug into the tender flesh of Luna's arms, and I yanked her upward so that my mouth could reach her neck. Her limp head rolled to the side, easing the access to that beautiful, pulsing vein.
I brushed my lips across her flesh, just beneath the lobe of her dainty ear, my tongue salivating. Deep beneath the invasive control, I felt the warmth of my love for her spreading like the zaps of light Ashmodai wielded.
But this was not enough to stop me.
The beast in me let out a deep, guttural growl of inner agony. Then my teeth gently punctured Luna's flesh and slowly scraped her skin, leaving behind a thin ribbon of blood that glistened like liquid rubies in the sunlight.
Free! We will be set free!
****
Chapter Forty-Six
Luna


Unsure of what was more painful, the ripping of my neck or the fire burning in my veins, I screamed. But the only thing that escaped me, besides blood, was a hissing, gurgling sound that had come from, not my lips, but the gaping hole in my neck. Terror glazed my eyes, or maybe it was the rapidly approaching death. Whatever it was that made them look so spooky, I didn't like it. I had to turn my head away so that I wouldn't look at my self anymore.
This was when I realized that something wasn't right. How could've I been staring at myself, growing in shock at the sight of all the blood that was pulsing from my open flesh?
And it just kept getting weirder.
I was holding myself. The word free kept thrumming through my mind in deep, malevolent sounding voices, and this horrific, consuming desire to drink my own blood until I was drained, held me captive. Drink! Drink! Drink! Was the chanting in my head. And yet, there was a place within me, a place so small, compressed by these very voices that seemed stronger than anything in the world. A place where love resided.
I loved me.
No, Bane loved me.
Confusion washed over me, drowning the desire to drink, the chanting voices, the image of my bleeding neck. And then, somehow, I understood. My mind was finishing what Bane could not do. I was inside of his mind. For a short period of time, I was him and me at the same exact time.
Just as soon as this realization spun through my thoughts, I was sucked into blackness.
"Luna?" I heard Izzy's voice, and this surprised me because this blackness seemed like nothingness. Izzy being here, wherever here was, just wasn't right. I felt a sliver of panic. I wanted to yell at her to go away. I wanted to tell her that she didn't belong in this wrong and empty place, but my voice wouldn't work. Was there really a hole in my neck? Was this what it was like to die? Slipping into dark, measureless emptiness? If so, this would suck! And if so, why was Izzy here? That sliver of panic grew. Izzy was too good to be part of this nothingness. 
Unless, Izzy was an angel, too. 
But if Izzy was an angel then how in the world was she able to hide her big wings in those feminine dresses she wore all the time? 
Maybe they folded up strangely like Bane's wings did.
"Luna, are you all right? You're bleeding," Izzy sounded freaked out. I think it was this emotion that triggered something in me to awaken fully. It was like the light in a tunnel I knew I should follow.
"Luna, say something. Please, just---"
I felt hands and short, warm fingers take my shoulders. I felt my upper back rise upward a little, felt the gritty, cool pieces of sand on my arms as air licked my skin.
"Luna?" It was Izzy's hopeful tone that made me realize I was trying to open my eyes. I could feel my lashes fluttering against my cheeks. I just couldn't quite figure out how to open them.
Then I remembered that Izzy had said that I was bleeding. So, it wasn't a dream. Bane had opened up my neck and left me here to die.
Where was here? And why was I not feeling any pain? Was I in shock?
"Luna!" Izzy shook me by the shoulders.
Instantly, I opened my eyes. The world seemed so extremely bright and full of sharp colors. I had to squint because of this visual assault.
"Oh, thank God, you are all right!" Izzy hugged me tightly. She smelled like baby powder. And her wiry hair tickled and prickled my nose. "What happened to you? Why are you bleeding? Why are you lying on the beach?" Izzy held me by the shoulders as she examined me.
If I really did have a gaping hole in the side of my neck, I was sure Izzy would be freaking out a whole lot more than she was. I wasn't feeling any pain. I cupped my hand carefully around my throat. It felt intact. It didn't feel slick or slimy with blood. I looked at my palm. A little bit of blood was on my skin, but that was it. Confusion swelled my brain. I suddenly felt queasy. Then dizzy. Then the world around me tipped slightly to one side.
I looked at Izzy, desperate for answers, desperate to understand what the heck was going on.
That's when it hit me. Bane had come to me. He caught me as I was falling. I remembered looking up at him, seeing into those loving, beastly eyes. I remembered his wings. Though drenched in Snow Melt, they were massive and unfurled. They were so black that there were purple hues in the sheen of his feathers. How awestricken I was.
"Oh, Luna," Izzy hugged me to her, seemingly having read my expression. She was warm and safe and so full of light. Yes, I could feel the light. It had an incredible vibration of strength and courage. It hummed with peace and surety and a tranquility that felt alienated from this world. Otherworldly, that's what it was. I had actually hoped that by her hugging me this light would trickle into me as well. But it didn't. The darkness within me was impenetrable.
"The Lord so loves you, Luna. Invite him into your heart," Izzy said in a soft voice 
I finally figured it out. This was it. This was her light, her Lord, her God. He was the incandescence within her.
What if He was my God, too? Would I still feel so much anger and pain? Was Izzy's God so merciful, so all-mighty that He would be capable of taking that away from me? Could He slay the monsters beneath my skin? And would these be selfish reasons to want Him as my God, too?
I shivered. Not because I was soaking wet, but because these thoughts had given me the goose bumps. Not those freaky-feeling ones, but ones like I had never felt before. They were warm and comforting and, for one fraction of a second, I swore I could feel a sliver of light inside of me. Like Izzy's God was right here, sitting on the beach with Izzy and me, silently inviting me to believe, proving to me with that sliver of light that His light could, indeed, live inside my darkness. 
"No, Izzy," I pushed out of her embrace, swaying from the return of dizziness. "Your god couldn't possibly love me. What kind of god wants us to live in hell? The devil has certainly proved to love me more. He definitely gives me more attention than your god does," I said, bitterly. She had no idea just how true this was for me. I wished that she could see the hell I'd lived so that she could understand how there could be no god in my world.
Except for Bane. He was my god. He would be the only man, or being, I would ever worship.
"God doesn't want you to live in hell, Luna. He wants you to believe, He wants you to invite Him into your heart. He is not going to be there for you if you are not there for Him. John, Chapter Three, verse sixteen says: For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. Nowhere in that verse will you find, except for Luna Lanchester! The world! God loves all of us. That means including Luna Lanchester!"
I wasn't so sure why this made me so upset, but it did. I rose to my feet, hoping I could just leave all this Lord and light stuff down in the sand. "I don't want to talk about this, Izzy," I snapped at her, but right away I felt guilty about it. It really wasn't her fault that the Lord and light stuff followed me up from the sand.
Izzy took me gently by the elbow to steady me. "Come on," she said, genteelly, which made me feel even more guilty for having yelled at her. Izzy was nice to me, even though I was being rude to her. This alone set Izzy apart from the rest of the world. I had to wonder if this was because Izzy loved her god. Was this the way all god-lovers lived? In kindness? She did so happen to have the Owners Manual. Maybe somewhere in there it said something about being nice to others, even when they are not being nice to you.
"We need to get you out of these wet clothes. Maybe put something on those cuts. I can make coffee. But then we need to talk. There are some very important things you need to know."
As Izzy led me to the porch, I noticed the Mercedes was gone. The loneliness that punctured my heart had almost caused me to stop walking. But I kept going, like I always did, telling my self that it did not matter that Addy had left me to fend for my own emotions. It did not matter that she knew and didn't care that I could have gone off and did something stupid, like jump off a cliff, or something.
The pain in my hand made it difficult for me to change into a warm, fuzzy pair of pajama bottoms and a sweatshirt. Izzy kept her back turned, or at least I thought she had kept it turned. But then I heard her gasp, just before I pulled the sweatshirt over my head, and I knew she must have seen the burn scars that completely puckered my flesh and marred my back. Izzy didn't say anything, at least, not until later when she was cleaning the cuts on my neck that looked like fang scratches. They were deep, but not deep enough to hit any arteries or veins.
"What happened to your back, Luna," Izzy asked. There was sadness in her voice.
I didn't answer her. It really was none of her business.
"You have scars on your arms, too," she probed deeper. "And your legs." Izzy set the washcloth aside and turned my palms up. She looked at the scars there then looked at me with the same kind of sadness in her eyes that was in her voice. It was difficult to deny her the answers she was seeking, especially with those big, puppy-dog-looking eyes looking at me with genuine sincerity. But the answer was not simple. So, again, I ignored her.
Izzy got the point that I was not going to talk about my badly scarred body. We went down to the living room and sat down. The sun had been up for a little while now. It spilled in through the wall of windows and was baking the black couch. It felt so good that I wanted to burrow deeper into the warmth, but the couch just so happened to have a molecular structure that was resistant to bodily burrowing, darn it.
"I know you are a private person and all, but it's really important that you tell me what happened at the beach. Luna, it is really important. You have to trust me," Izzy said.
"I can't remember what happened. Why? What's going on?" 
"I'm going to try to explain that to you, but first I need to know what happened."
I thought about this for a minute, wondering what Izzy knew, and why she was looking so nervous and uncomfortable. "I, ugh---" I started to tell her, but changed my mind. For some reason I didn't want Izzy to get the wrong impression about me. Telling Izzy I jumped off a cliff to try to kill myself wasn't something she would understand. Besides, this was inside stuff. This was the kind of stuff that would give Izzy access to the meaty substance within me. Aside from Dammon, Bane was the only person in this world I had ever wanted to let inside, not that I really had a choice about that, but still. And yes, there was Sean but that only lasted for like a fraction of a second or so.
And now there was Izzy. I realized maybe I did want to let her inside.
"So, if I told you that I am suicidal, would you still be my friend?" I asked.
Izzy's nervous expression changed before my eyes into something that looked a lot like pity. On anyone else, I would have thought it was ugly. Maybe even cruel. But the way Izzy wore this pity for me was actually comforting.
"Of course, I'd still be your friend! And even if the animals in the coffee shop were talking back to you, Luna. I'd be your friend no matter what," she said.
"Ok. So, I have suicidal tenancies. Like, a lot. So, that being said, I jumped off a cliff this morning. I was hoping to land on the rocks and---"
Izzy crunched her face up, and I decided to leave the rest of that sentence to her imagination.
"So, I jump and, darn, my dream-guy shows up. Flying. Yes, with wings and whatnot. Big, fluffy black ones. We hurled through the air, landed in the lake, and the next thing I knew, I was inside his head, watching myself, feeling myself want to drink all my blood so that I can be free. I came-to, thinking it all actually happened. That's when you found me."
Izzy's eyes were growing in size as I continued on, explained all that I could about the strange experience, spanning from the time Bane had collided with me in midair, to when I woke on the beach.
"So, I just tell you that my dream guy has wings and flew to my rescue, and your not looking at me like I'm a lunatic?"
"You were the one who told me that it wasn't possible for a man to up and fly like that," Izzy reminded me.
"Oh, yeah. That's right. Well, never mind that. I was totally wrong about that. So, this kind of thing is normal around these parts, then? Cuz, seriously, Izzy, we didn't have flying men where I came from."
"I'm afraid you did, Luna," Izzy said, sounding sad.
"Pretty sure I would've noticed," I argued.
"If you think about it, Luna, you probably know what I'm talking about."
I thought about it. Nope, I had no flipping clue as to what Izzy was talking about. There were no flying men in my life before.
Unless. . .she was talking about the one in my dreams.
"You're talking about the one in my dreams, aren't you?"
"You and Bane are connected, Luna," she said. "Your blood ties you to him and his brothers. Except, the blood-tie between you and Bane is unique. He has spent your entire life experiencing the world through your thoughts and feelings, seeing the world through your eyes. How you were in his head, I have no idea. And maybe you weren't. Maybe he was in your head, showing you something he wanted you to see."
"Wait," I stopped her from saying anymore. "You can't just go around telling these kinds of stories, Izzy. It's just not a very good way to keep friends." I said this, but something inside of me knew Izzy wasn't just telling me stories. I had had monsters or demons or boogeymen living inside of me my entire life, and I knew this. Of course, I never imagined that it was literal. I never imagined that the demons were real. Just like I never imagined Bane was real.
"The demons are real," I said, in a barely audible voice. Then I thought about Barron. It made perfect sense now. "They are real!" I was utterly shocked by this. Everything Addy was telling me this morning, everything I remembered from my childhood about Barron and my grandmother was starting to make sense. But only starting to. And as this happened, I began to realize that there was so very much I did not know. There were many dark mysteries that had been shrouding my existence.
"Bane is a son of Lucifer," Izzy said, as if the firmness of her voice was enough to convince me that the man I'd fallen in love with in my dreams, my Dark Angel, My Protector, was actually evil incarnate. Sure he was pretty intense, but the son of Lucifer?
I laughed. I couldn't help it. It was funny to think that after all I had gone through that I would end up falling in love with Satan's son.
I stopped laughing. Maybe this wasn't so funny after all. "If the devil had a son, Izzy, he'd be much meaner than Bane," I protested, remembering the gentle touch of his hand, the passion in his embrace.
"He has only shown you what he wishes you to see, I'm sure. He can charm you, if he so desires. He can make you feel anything he wants you to feel, or make you think anything he wants you to think. You have no idea what he is capable of. You saw what he did to Isis Blackhawk."
"You don't know that Bane did that!" I shot back at her. But she did, somehow. And so did I.
"Yes, I'm afraid I do know." Izzy said this with such confidence that it was hard to convince myself that she had no idea what she was talking about.
While my memory flashed a picture of Isis's mangled corpse, my body responded to the violent way Bane had kissed me on the porch last night.
"Luna," Izzy took my hand in hers and squeezed firmly. "Remember when I told you about that special blood The Coven of Hallows needs in order to both summon and gain control over the sons of Lucifer?"
She was going to say it. I just knew it. It was my blood.
"Yes?" I crunched-up my face, waiting for her confirmation.
"Well," Izzy said, struggling for the words.
It was coming. That awful truth.
"It's your blood, Luna. It's the Lanchester bloodline."
There it was. That awful truth.
And of course it was the Lanchester blood, because, hay, I did have one of those anything-can-happen lives. 
Inwardly I grumbled.
Izzy let go of my hand, took a deep breath and then began to explain. "Long ago, after the flood, when the earth began to populate again, a coven of witches called The Hallows sacrificially murdered Jebadiah Lanchester, summoning a son of Lucifer. Bane. The Lanchesters had been hunting and brutally slaying members if this coven for as long as the earth is old, practically, and at one point had nearly killed them off. After the witch burnings in France had finally come to and end, somewhere around 1777, The Coven of Hallows went into hiding. They feared the warrior Lanchesters, for they were held responsible for the accusations that led to numerous, heinous prosecutions. And, the Lanchesters themselves were the prosecutioners. With the spotlight on exposing witches and witchcraft, the Lanchesters went from secret slaying, to public slaying. They became more like heroes than the murderers they actually were. Some of their methods for convincing the witch to plead guilty were some of the most gruesome acts of torture our history has ever recorded.
"By the late seventeen hundreds, women feared the Lanchester warriors, while men grew to idolize them. Armies from all around the world sought to hire them. But the Lanchesters had one goal, one desire: To rid the lands of all who consorted with the devil. They meant well. They just went about it all in the wrong ways, I believe.
"But, during the Quiet Times, when The Coven of Hallows went into hiding, The Coven was actually growing in numbers. After a long and exhausting investigation, the Lanchesters had learned that if a Lanchester willfully allowed The Coven to sacrifice him or herself, The Coven could summon a son. It is not known how Jebadiah or the three other Lanchesters were coerced into willfully allowing The Coven to murder them. Some believe it was Magical Compulsion.
"It wasn't until a century later that The Coven somehow learned the magical formula for gaining control over the sons. The key was in the Lanchester blood. There had to be a special bond through the blood tie. A Love-Bond, like the one you and Bane share. The Coven tried, in numerous ways, to make this happen, but to no avail. It was a trick, they believed, because it was thought totally impossible that a son of Lucifer's would ever fall in love."
My mouth was chalk-dry. I tried an extra swallow or two, but it only seemed to make it worse. Izzy was serious. All this sons-of-Satan stuff was true. I felt it in my blood. Where my desire for Bane flows like poison.
Izzy was silent for some time, generously offering me the chance to let all she had said sink in.
"This information about these secret formulas was heavily guarded. If the summoned sons were to find out about it, they would simply compel the Lanchesters into killing themselves until every last one of them were dead. Because this is their way to freedom, the only way they can break their bonds with The Coven. As long as a Lanchester lives and breathes, the sons are bound to The Coven of Hallows. And there is not any form of magic or any strength in this world powerful enough to stop the sons from setting themselves free if they were to discover this secret, Luna. So here's the second most important thing I have to say to you. Don't think about it. Keep it out of your thoughts. The sons have access to your mind. They will learn how to break their bonds and you will die, Luna."
I laughed. Again, I couldn't help it. "Are you serious? Don't think about it?" I laughed some more. "Seriously, Izzy, here you are telling me that I've got Satan's sons crawling around in this head of mine, plus another coven of witches wants my blood, and you're telling me not to think about it?" I tried really hard to contain another burst of giggles. I crossed my arms in front of me, hopping that this would help hold my self together, because I was surely about to fall apart. "Ok, done," I said with a straight face. "This is me, not thinking about it."
Izzy waited patiently for me to finish my little episode. I actually thought I'd get her to laugh. But she kept a straighter face than I did. "The sons are trapped within the confines of the coven-stead. They can only travel with a high priest's or priestess's escort. He cannot harm any of the high priests or priestesses or his chance for freedom will be severed until the end of the earth." Izzy looked deeply worried. And, truthfully, it was kind of contagious.
"Izzy, Bane knows. He already knows how to break the bonds," I said.
"Yes, I know. But his brothers---"
"His brothers know, too," I said.
"What? Are you sure? How do you know his brothers know?"
"Yes, I'm sure. Blood-bond thing, remember? When I was in Bane's head, I think his brothers where in his head too. I really don't think that it was Bane's desire to drink my blood. Actually, I'm positive that it wasn't. Bane's brothers were somehow coercing him, or something. I could hear them chanting. They actually almost got him to kill me."
Izzy covered her mouth with her hands. Her eyes went big.
"So, in a nut shell, the sons of Satan wanna be free from The Coven, like, in a really bad way, and the only thing that is standing in their way of freedom is me. And, since I am in their territory, some really bad stuff's about to happen. That, and we can't forget the largest coven of witches in the world is gonna want my blood," I said.
"The Coven cannot find out about the Love-Bond between you and Bane," Izzy said.
"Yeah, but I'm the last Lanchester. That means they can't kill me, or the sons will be free. So don't worry, Izzy." I patted her on the knee. "They won't want to harm a hair on my head."
"The sons are who we need to worry about the most, right now," Izzy said.
"Ya know? Here I was all worried you'd think I was crazy when I told you that my dream guy had wings. And yes, by the way, the animals in the coffee shop were talking back to me," I said stubbornly. "Which doesn't seem all that crazy to me anymore. Turns out there's crazier things out there than that! Like sparkly dead guys and whatnot." I giggled at the thought. Then I refocused my attention on Izzy. "You know, Izzy, my dad's a lunatic, which means, I'm not really all quite with it, if you know what I mean." I tapped a finger to my temple. "Besides, you couldn't possibly know stuff like coven secrets, or especially what they've written in their Grimoires! Stuff like that is nearly impossible to know. And isn't it possible that all of this is some long-lived folklore or something like that?"
"Luna, your boyfriend has wings," Izzy said, pointedly.
"So? What's your point? And actually, I can't be too sure I wasn't just imagining them. I do have sort of a messed-up head, you know. Maybe I just wanted to see them because I wanted the Bane in my real life to be the Bane in my dreams, even if it was stupid to think in real life Bane could have wings!"
"Luna, your boyfriend has wings," Izzy repeated.
I sighed, inwardly exasperating, and then I sank deeper into the couch. "All right! Gees! My boyfriend has wings. So how do you know all this stuff, anyway? Not that I actually believe you or anything."
"Ashmodai," Izzy said. 
It was like a magic word that calmed my insides and slowed everything down to a more tolerable pace. It was like I was a ship, recklessly crashing against the waves, and there, off in the distance, through the fog, I could see the lighthouse that was Ashmodai.
"He's an angel, Luna, The High Ranking Avenging Angel. He has told me all I know."
When all else failed, and I wasn't quite sure what to think or how to respond, I just blinked. And that's exactly what I did. I just blinked at Izzy. A couple of times, actually.
"Why? If your god is so mighty then how come he can't just strike the demons dead? Or, what about your idea on the Big Bang Theory? Why not god just speak the demons into nonexistence, and boom! they die?"
"I can't speak for God, Luna. Most of the times His ways are utterly unfathomable to us. Just because we don't understand his ways, doesn't mean He doesn't. As a matter of fact, He knew we would be sitting here at exactly this point having exactly this conversation even before we were born. God definitely has plans for Satan. Revelation, Chapter Twenty, verses two through three says; And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years, And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season. Then, in verse ten it says; And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.
"God is, by far, more powerful than Satan, Luna. After all, it was He who created the cherubim and anointed him for a position of authority before he fell through pride and was cast out of Heaven. Think about this for a minute, Luna. Do you really think we could even begin to comprehend a God so omnipotent, so infinite that He could speak the world into existence?"
I blinked at Izzy, thinking about what she had just said. Speaking something into existence? Now that was something. What could I say to all that? I didn't know enough about Izzy's god to rebuttal. I wished I had! But to be honest, I felt a little spark of interest for Him flickering into light in the depths of the darkness within me.
If it bloomed, if I nurtured it, would I eventually glow like Izzy did? Would I become as beautiful and content within as she was?
"Where is it you believe you are going when you die, Luna?"
I shrugged my shoulders. "I never thought about it. I guess the most important part about dying to me would be the fact that I got the heck out of my freaking skin. Guess I'll worry about that when the time comes. And by the sounds of it, that time may be coming really soon."
"But then it would be too late," Izzy said, sounding desperate, maybe even a little panicky.
I shrugged my shoulders again. "Then I guess I'd have one more regret before I died. Look, Izzy. I don't wanna talk about this stuff, alright? There are more important things we should be discussing right now. Like---"
"No!" Izzy said, looking strong and very warrior-like. "Nothing in all this worldliness could be more important than your salvation. Nothing! Luna, no matter what anyone in this world believes, the truth is, when we die there is one of two places we will go to spend our eternity. One of two! That's it. Period. Heaven or hell. There is no in between. There will be no opportunity to change your mind when you die. You can't just go to hell and realize how miserable it is and then tell God, Ok, it's hot! Can I come live with you now? It doesn't work that way. When you die, it's done. There is no going back. And there is no room for excuse. Everyone on the face of this planet is shown the truth at one point or another in their life. God reveals himself to all. Romans, Chapter One, verse twenty says; For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse. It is our choice to believe or not to believe. You've been shown the truth, Luna. You will be without excuse! Heaven or hell. Period. You have to decided! You have to pick a side."
I couldn't help but smile at Izzy's determination. "Keep the face, Izzy. You wear it well. It's much better than that ready-to-cry-warrior look you tried on in the coffee shop," I said. But Izzy was steadfast in her mood. My smile and jarring was not at all contagious.
I dropped the smile. "All right, I'll promise you something. As soon as all this stuff blows over, we'll talk about your religion and your god and all this picking-sides stuff, ok? And I promise to keep an open mind," I said, but this didn't seem to make Izzy happy like I thought it would. Which made me realize she must really believe in all this sons-of-Satan-vampire-witch-Lanchester-warrior stuff.
"You really believe I could die, don't you?"
"Yes, I do. And this stuff is not going to just blow over. It's important that we discuss your salvation now," Izzy said. Determination set her green eyes ablaze.
Following my heavy sigh, I heard a vehicle with a beastly rumble coming up the road. I went to the window and looked out toward the driveway. I saw the plume of dust in the air, choking the trees, before I actually saw the vehicle. Then a big, jacked-up jeep pulled into my drive way. It sat high on big, knobby tires. I couldn't tell what color it was because it was caked in dry mud. Unless mud was a color. It looked totally capable of handling any terrain set before it.
"Rowdy," I said, totally impressed.
Roman jumped down to the ground from the driver's side. His long strawberry-blond hair spiraled around his shoulders, waving in the breeze. 
Roman was just plain huge. He was not as big as Bane, of course, but bigger than Sean. I hadn't realized this in church Wednesday night because of the suit he was wearing. But now, he was in a sleeveless flannel shirt and some blue jeans.
"Your god is trying to torture me, Izzy," I said, staring dreamily at her brother. Oh, if I did not have the guy-troubles I had, I would have certainly been totally interested in the guy that was now strutting his immense body toward my front door.
"Sorry, Luna. I noticed he made you uncomfortable Wednesday, but, I thought we could use the muscle. That, and Roman's very stubborn. He won't stay out of someone's business unless he wants to. When he dropped me off earlier, he told me he'd pick us up around eleven o'clock. He wants to go have lunch with us, is that all right?"
"Lunch? Witches and Satan's sons are plotting against me, and I'm going to go have lunch?" I thought about this for a moment then shrugged my shoulders. "Weird. But, all right. I am kinda hungry."
****
Chapter Forty-Seven
Luna


So, yes, something was seriously wrong in my head, because witches and Satan's sons were plotting against me, and the whole way down the mountain pass all I could think about was how much Roman reminded me of Dammon. The wind kept his hair flowing away from his face, allowing me to examine every detail, from the deep scar just above his left brow, to the faint freckles that flanked his nose. Of course, I knew the power of my pain did not result in Dammon's resurrection, but my heart didn't know how impossible this was. And, besides the similar sunny-ness of the hair, Dammon and Roman were nothing alike, really. Roman seemed much more macho and manlier than Dammon was. Roman seemed rough around the edges, and Dammon was soft all the way to the core. But they shared a similar peacefulness that emanated from them.
If Roman had noticed me staring at him practically the entire way into town, he hadn't made it known to me. He only glanced at me once with those electric-blue eyes. Other than that, I seemed invisible to him. 
And of course I was invisible to someone like him. 
Roman was a church-kinda-guy, and here I was   --whatever I was--   not a church-kinda-gal. Not even the happy hum in Sleepy Hallow Baptist Church accepted me, so why should Roman? Not to mention I was a freak. And Roman was so not a freak.
Not that I cared, or anything. I had enough guy trouble as it was. I certainly did not need anymore. And this was just too bad. Roman certainly looked like some fun kind of trouble!
Roman took us to the coffee shop where Izzy and I had gone the other day, which I think was the only restaurant in town. Izzy and I followed Roman out onto the back deck and down to the more secluded area next to the bloated river. We sat down in old, iron chairs at a little round table. The water, babbling loudly with the rocks, welcomed me with her comforting feel. The trees seemed to try to embrace us by the way they huddled closely to the deck. There were no animal heads out here to distract me, which was fine by me. Roman would have really thought I was special had I given in to the temptation to talk back to the dead animal heads.
After an older lady dressed in a skirt and a drab blouse brought us water and menus, Izzy leaned into the table opposite from me and whispered, "I think we should get you out of town. At least then you would be out of the demons' reach. Sure any of the Daughters could still---"
"No," Roman said. His voice was firm and strong, enhancing his masculinity. "And tell her mother what?"
"Luna's life is in danger, and you're worried about what to tell her mother?" Izzy looked at her brother like she thought he was crazy. Heck, maybe he was. He did kind of look capable of crazy stuff, with those thick, rippling arms, that sharp edge to his jaw and the fearless look in his eyes. Yes, I had become a pro at spotting the crazy ones. It takes one to know one, right? So if Roman really was crazy then he was definitely a different kind of crazy than what I was used to.
"Running away from this only postpones the inevitable," Roman said.
"And what is your perspective on the inevitable?" Izzy countered.
"Confrontation."
The waitress returned to our table and took our order. I didn't think I was hungry after all, until Izzy mentioned French toast. My stomach complained with a growl, and so I ordered what Izzy was having. As the lady collected our menus, I was suddenly aware of gooey, black-shadow eyes watching me from the woods on the other side of the stream.
Bane was out there somewhere and he was close. I could feel him. A part of me wanted to rush away from the table and run to him. I didn't care what anyone said about the sons of Satan and how dangerous they were. It was safe in Bane's arms. And oh, how I longed to feel the black, feathery cocoon of his wings. Oh, how I longed to be kissed again in that savage way of his.
But he nearly killed me, I reminded myself. Or at least, through him, his siblings had nearly killed me.
Roman followed my gaze over his shoulder. It wasn't just a quick glance behind him, but rather a very thorough examination of the forest. Then he looked back at me with knowing eyes. It was the first time he really looked at me. And when he did, his gaze sent something skittered across my belly, like drunken butterflies, leaving a fluttering sensation as they crash-landed, tumbled and then skidded through me.
"You can feel him, can't you?" He said, accusingly, like it wasn't really a question but a statement instead. "Because of the bond. You know when he's near." There was something about his tone, his demeanor that demanded respect and obedience, though it was nothing like Sean's and his demands.
"Yes, I can."
"He can hear your thoughts and see through your eyes," Roman said, looking at me so intently that it made me want to shrivel up and disappear, yet stay and be looked at, at the very same time. Was he actually looking for Bane? Did he believe that if he stared long enough he'd actually be able to see him through my eyes? He probably could. If I could see them and Addy could see them then it was probably possible for Roman to see them too.
"Can you see into him the way that he can see into you?"
"Roman," Izzy scolded, prodding him with her boney elbow. "I already explained this to you," she said, but what I think she really meant to say was: quit getting all freaky on Luna. You'll scare her away and I really want her to like you.
Roman continued to stare at me in this really deep, trance-like way, ignoring his sister. "Can you see into him the way he can see into you?" he repeated, sounding slightly less patient than he sounded before. This made me wonder if church-guys were any different from the guys I was used to? I almost laughed. Of course they weren't any different! Guys were guys. They were all built the same. It didn't matter where they went or what they did. It did not change their design. Roman was definitely no different. I could feel his domineering, rough and tough demeanor emanating from him as if it were a gaseous hue like the dragmen emitted.
Roman waved his palm slowly in front of my face, cutting through the invisible bond our eyes had made with one another. I blinked, remembering what he had just asked me.
"No, I can't. Except, I think I may have once. I'm not sure," I said.
"I think it was Bane only showing her what he wanted her to see," Izzy interjected. Again, Roman seemed to ignore his sister. He didn't look away from me when she spoke to him.
"So you can feel him in your head."
"I don't know. Only when he's near, I think."
"Like now."
"Yes."
"So more than likely you've grown so used to having him in your mind that you wouldn't know the difference. Do you feel him when he's not?"
I shrugged my shoulders. "I don't think so. I never thought to pay attention to the comings and goings of the Devil's son in my head," I said, sarcastically. I didn't like the way he was interrogating me. I didn't like the way he seemed to be bullying me without the bullying and I certainly didn't like how he intoxicated those poor little innocent butterflies inside me. Besides, those were Bane's butterflies! Only Bane could do with them as he so pleased.
"I think it's time for you to start paying closer attention. Knowing everything you possibly can about him, and how he works within you, could be quite beneficial. As it stands right now, we're at a great disadvantage with him being able to see and hear everything we say and do."
"Bane is not a threat to me," I said, defensively.
"Even if that were so, can you say that about the others? Satan is a threat to everyone. It is hard to imagine that a son of his could be harmless."
"Bane loves her, remember. I told you that," Izzy said, coming to my defense. It was a half-hearted attempt, for I could hear the doubt in her voice, but it was an attempt all the same.
Roman kept his eyes locked in mine as he spoke to his sister. "It is impossible for a son of Satan to love anyone or anything."
"Then you must not know anything about love, Roman Gordon," I said, smooth and hotly. "It is a powerful thing. It is something that can change you entirely."
Roman's eyes narrowed just slightly, as if he'd been pricked by the sharp point of my words. I think he was about to say something, but was interrupted by the waitress who was bringing our food. Even as the lady set our plates before us, Roman stared me down. He didn't like that I had spoken to him that way, but I didn't care what Roman liked or disliked, so I stared right back at him with narrowed eyes.
Izzy cleared her throat, which finally caused Roman to peel his eyes away from mine. At the same exact time, Izzy and Roman closed their eyes and bowed their heads over their plates of food. Roman prayed. "Dear Lord, we thank you for this food and pray that you bless it to our bodies. I ask that you give us strength and wisdom, for we will need it in the days to come.  In Jesus's name I pray these things. Amen." Brother and sister both opened their eyes and began to eat, oblivious to the fact that I sat across from them staring at them in discomfort. I had never heard a prayer before, at least not one to the god that they worshiped. I felt left out, detached from their little world of beliefs. Solemnly, I began to slather butter on my French toast, trying not to wince at the pain it caused in my hand as I did so. My knuckles were bruised and scraped, and I was pretty sure I had broken a bone or two. Bane was still in the forest, watching me. I didn't find it creepy now that I knew it was my Dark Angel's eyes that felt like sticky darkness. I should have known this. I should have recognized the feel of his eyes, but I didn't.
As I ate, or more like, inhaled, my breakfast, I told myself that I wasn't worried about all this stuff Roman and Izzy were worried about. I knew in my heart, in my blood, that Bane was my protector and that as long as he was around, no one would hurt me.
"The Coven's leaders need to know that the sons of Lucifer know their way to freedom. I'm pretty certain if The Coven was to know this they wouldn't end up escorting any of the sons to Sleepy Hallow when they come. And they will most definitely want to escort Bane out of Sleepy Hallow as soon as possible. The coven is not going to want the sons anywhere near her," Roman said.
Izzy gasped with excitement. "What a brilliant idea!"
Trailing the sound of Izzy's voice, came four, maybe five deep, malevolent voices booming inside my head like thunder, and both my heart and my lips echoed them. "No!" I cried. 
Then pain shot through my head from temple to temple, like someone had cut me with a knife from the inside. I squeezed my eyes shut, clutching my head with my hands. I couldn't breathe, for the pain was so intense. Only moments from now my head was going to explode, and there was absolutely nothing I could do to keep that from happening. The pressure was building. The pain was intensifying. The voices were now chanting, No! No! No! Do not tell!
Just before everything went away, I felt Bane crash through my mind.
****

I really wasn't passed out for very long. When I opened my eyes and the bleariness cleared, I found myself in Romans' arms. I'd fallen to the floor. Roman had gathered me up into a sitting position. I was leaning against his chest. Izzy was on the other side of me, looking freaked out and worried. The pain in my head was gone now, but the gooey, black shadow in my head felt thicker and fuller.
"What happened?" Roman asked. I became very aware of our proximity, the fact that I was lying against him, how his arms were around my shoulders and how thick and solid his body felt. I wanted to spring away from him, but I couldn't move that fast. Instead, I was slow and awkward as I moved to sit up on my own. Roman guided me, helping me back into the chair. He kept his hand on the table beside me as he pulled his chair around so that he could sit right next to me. I assumed that he thought that this position prepared him to catch me if I were to fall again.
"Tell me what happened," Roman demanded. 
"They are listening. They don't want you to tell The Coven," I said. It wasn't until I said this that I started to trip-out about what had just happened. "They're inside my head. I mean, they were. Bane chased them off, I think. He's protecting me from them right now. I can feel him." I looked up at Roman, feeling the desperation fill my eyes. "If Bane hadn't been protecting me, I am totally positive that they could have killed me. They can kill me. Right here and right now. Why would they care about us telling The Coven if they have this kind of power over me? Why would it matter where they are at? They can get to me from anywhere!"
Izzy covered her mouth with both of her hands. Her eyes were big and round, but she didn't say anything at all.
Roman put his hand on the back of my chair and leaned into me, while staring into my eyes in that weird, deep way again. "Keep her safe. I will help protect her, too," he said.
I blinked at him, feeling my brows crunch together. "You totally did not just look at me and talk to Bane, did you? Cuz, seriously Roman, that's just way too weird."
"Weird? Your boyfriend is the son of Lucifer, and you're telling me that I'm the one who's weird?"
"Yes. Just. . .please don't do that again. It gives me the creeps," I said.
I witness a change in the way Roman was looking at me. It was as if he was discovering that I was some rare and hidden treasure that had finally been unearthed. I felt a little uncomfortable by his sudden shift in his energy. "You are truly one remarkable person, Luna Lanchester," he said.
"I'm afraid you're wrong, Roman Gordon. It seems I have this condition see, where I'm not one person. I am many."
"See? I told you she had a wonderful personality," Izzy said.
I looked at Izzy, questioning her with my eyes. She grinned innocently. "Sorry, I just thought the two of you would get along great, that's all. I didn't say too much, really. Just everything I know, which really isn't too much in comparison to what there really is to know about you, right?"
"Isabelle, finish your breakfast," Roman said, sounding more like a parent than a brother.
"I lost my appetite. Luna is right, Roman, Bane can't go away. Not if he's protecting her."
"I can protect her," Roman said confidently. "And even if Bane is escorted out of Sleepy Hallow, he can still protect her too."
"Of course you can protect her. I have no doubt about that. But Roman! We're talking about the sons of Lucifer, here," Izzy said.
"What about them?" came a vaguely familiar voice from behind. We all looked up to find little Aine with her big-attitude hair. She was wearing a black mini skirt with black fishnet stockings and high healed boots that laced up to her knees. Her shirt was also black, with long, bell-shaped sleeves. She had her eyes finely crafted into slants, and frosted with white glitter.
I rose to my feet, towering over her. "Go away, Aine, before I decide to break your nose, too," I said.
Roman stood up beside me as if ready to stop me. Or to protect me. I wasn't sure which.
"I didn't come here to start trouble, Luna. I wanted to talk to Isabelle. Privately," Aine said.
"There isn't anything you need to  say to her that you can't say in front of me."
"It's not you I'm worried about, it's him," Aine said pointing at my eyes.
"Gees, not you, too." I mumbled, more to myself than anyone. I plopped back down in the chair.
"I'll be back," Izzy said, and she followed Aine inside the coffee shop. I watched them until they disappeared out of sight.
"She's harmless outside her pack, Luna," Roman said, sitting back down beside me. He put his hand over mine on the table. I looked at our hands together, surprised and confused. Then I quickly jerked my hand out from under his.
"If Bane is anything like my last boyfriend, he's definitely going to kick your ass for that," I said. I was kind of joking. Bane was not really my boyfriend, and I knew this.
"Sean," Roman said, totally catching me off guard.
"What?"
"Your last boyfriend. His name is Sean."
"And how in the world do you know that. Wait!" I held up my hand to stop him from answering. "If you're gonna tell me you are some sort of mind reader or you have magical powers or you got wings tucked into that shirt somehow then make something up. Lie to me! Cuz I really don't want to know any more magical people. Seriously. I'm not even joking."
"No. I don't read minds," Roman said. For the very first time, I saw him smile. It lit up his electric-blue eyes and made them look like magic incarnate. He reminded me so much of Dammon that it hurt. It made me forget what we were talking about.
"You don't have to read minds to be magical," he added. "Isabelle told me all about you and Sean."
"But, I didn't tell Izzy anything about Sean, so how could she tell you?"
"I didn't say her information came from you."
"Then who did it come from?" I demanded.
"Ashmodai."
I blinked at Roman.
"You wanted Isabelle to know the hell you have lived so that she could understand how you could believe there could be no god in your world," Roman said. He took my hand again, this time squeezing it firmly, tenderly, as if preparing for when I would try to jerk away again. But this time, I didn't. I couldn't. I was too shocked.
"But, I just wanted that this morning! There's no way Ashmodai could know I'd feel that way."
"God knows," Roman said, smiling warmly. "God knew you would feel that way before you knew you felt that way."
I blinked. A few times.
"Isabelle has learned a lot about you. And in turn, so have I," he said, while wearing a triumphant-looking expression.
I suddenly became aware of his hands on mine, around mine, caressing my fingers. I tried to pull away, but he was prepared. He squeezed, ever-so-slightly, and kept my hand from escaping.
"You do not have to be frightened of me, Luna," he said, which made no sense to me, because not so long ago I was under the impression that he was completely appalled by me. Heck, he hardly acknowledged my existence on our way into town. He had been bully-like and sort of cold this entire time, and now here he was being gentle and caring.
"No man should ever treat a woman the way that Sean treated you."
I felt so embarrassed, so exposed. I dropped my chin and wished that I could curl up inside my skin like a turtle in her shell.
"I am not certain, as of yet, why, but suddenly I am reminded of a story in the bible. It is one I would like for you to read. It is in the book of Hosea. And the Lord said to Hosea, Go, take unto thee a wife of whoredoms and children of whoredoms."
At first when he said this I was confused. I had never read the bible and so I was totally unfamiliar with the books within the book, but when I absorbed what he seemed to be implying about the whoredom, I was instantly defensive and instantly felt insulted. 
I yanked my hands free and rose to my feet so quick that the back of my knees hit the chair and sent it crashing to the deck floor. "I am not a whore!" I spun around, intending to storm off and never ever see him again, but he caught me by the arm and stopped me with a firm, yet painless grip, on my wrist.
"I did not say that you were a whore, Luna," he said.
"And this is no different from what Sean would do," I tried to yank my wrist free from his grasp, but he was strong. So, very strong.
"Yes, it is," Roman said, gently pulling me closer to him. He was calm. It was not the fake, icy stuff. It was the real stuff. "This is entirely different," he said. 
We were so close that my wrist and his hand that was gripping it were against his sternum. He was almost as tall as Bane. I had to look upward to glare into his eyes.
Yes, I believed him that he was different than Sean, but I was still angry at him. Even though I had no idea why. And I wanted it to stay like this. I didn't want to like Roman. I wanted him to keep pissing me off so that I could find reasons to keep a healthy distance between him and I. 
Roman was right. This was entirely different. Sean would've been crushing my bones. I probably would have been struck or hurt in some way by now and Sean would have been holding me like this to prove that he could, to prove that he had ruler ship over me. Roman was holding me as if he wanted to protect me from the dangers that lurked beyond his presence, like Roman wanted me with him so that I would be safe. He wasn't trying to prove anything, besides the fact that I didn't need to be afraid of him.
"I can't let you leave here alone. I can understand that you are angry right now, but it's not safe for you to just leave like this," he said.
"I told you. Bane isn't going to hurt me. And if you're worried about The Coven, I can assure you, I can take care of myself," I said, sounding more like a hissing snake than a butterfly infested girl in the hand of a man she secretly found excitingly invigorating.
"I apologize if I have offended you. Now, please, sit down," Roman said. Still holding my arm, he picked the chair up off the floor and then guided me down into it. Even though he was polite about it, it was obvious he wasn't going to give me any other options but to do as he asked.
I wanted Izzy to return. I wanted to go home and curl up in my bed and just sleep until everything just went away. I wanted to know why in the world I found Roman so interesting. He had a confidence that teetered on the edge of arrogance. He had a bold and proud exterior that seemed to cloak something warm and kind. He was beautiful and strong, and I just couldn't look at him enough to get my fill. But still, Roman Gordon was not my type. I wanted, I needed, to be in Bane's arms. I longed for Bane to tell me that everything would be all right.
And I ached for Sean.
I looked out over the stream at the forest beyond. I couldn't see Bane, but I knew that he was still there, watching me. I wondered how he could just stay wherever he was, knowing how I needed him so badly. Bane had the power to make everything all right, and he chose not to. It reminded me of how I longed to dream about him and he refused to come to me.
Why? My mind begged him for an answer to this simple little question. I was aggravated because there were so many complicated questions floating around in my head, and here I was, asking such a simple one. And even the simple ones I was denied answers to.
But then, unexpectedly, an answer came. It wasn't something that I could hear in my head. The answer did not come in the form of words. It came in an entirely different way. The answer came in a knowing. I just simply knew. 
"You weaken me, My Lady Moon," Bane said, without saying.
"What is it? What is going on?" Roman looked deeply concerned. He also looked ready to catch me if I were to fall again. "Are they in your head? Are you going to---"
"I'm fine, Roman," I said, unable to keep from smiling. I knew he probably thought the smile was for him, but it wasn't. My smile belonged to Bane. Everything that lived inside of me belonged to Bane.
When Izzy came back, she was very excited. She told us how Aine had snuck away from her family to find Izzy so that she could arrange a time and a place tonight where the two of them could meet and talk about Izzy's god and salvation. Izzy seemed like she was on some kind of high. It was all she could talk about on our way back up the mountain pass. Before Izzy and Roman left me at my house, Izzy told me that she would be back after she met with Aine. Roman said he'd come back, too, that he had something to do in the city that would take him about five or six hours. He didn't like the idea of leaving me alone. He actually wanted me to hang out with Mrs. Gordon until he got back. Of course, there was no way I was going to do that. He even tried to get me to go to the city with him. There was no way I was going to do that, either, so it was with great reluctance that Roman dropped me off at my house.
Where Bane could come for me.
And oh, how I hoped he would come for me!
I was jonesing like a heroin addict. I needed my fix. Both of them. I needed Bane and I needed Sean.
****
Chapter Forty-Eight
Bane


Instinct told me that he knew I was following him. I could smell his knowing. It filled my nostrils like the sharp, biting dust that I was breathing in. But Roman did not fear me. His fear, I could not smell.
What an imbecile.
This would change, though, and soon. Soon enough, Roman would be crying like a babe, begging me to stop the pain.
The topless jeep barreled down the road, puking up a plume of dust in its path. I stayed close to the tree tops and off to the left, until he was far enough out of town to where I would not be spotted by anyone but Roman. Then I tailed him steadily, directly above him. My shadow darkened him.
My Lady Moon was drawn to this man. For this alone he would die a slow and torturous death. I would peel his flesh from his bones and I would eat his meat.
"My son, hear the voice of your father," Lucifer's voice boomed in my head. I ground my teeth together, hoping it would grind the words into something more like the particles of dust in my nostrils. 
"Why do you  disgrace me?"
I wagged my head, growling, but I could not shake him out of my mind. 
"I wish not to disgrace you, Father," I spoke to the wind at my face.
"Sever this pathetic tie you have with the Lanchester. It has gone on for far too long. Obey my commandment, Son, unless it is that you wish I sever it for yo, this tie you have with the Lanchester."
Rage ripped through me like gales of fierce wind. 
Before now, my father had never asked for anything I could not deliver. But this, severing my tie with My Lady Moon, I could not deliver.
"Very well, my beloved son. If you choose to disobey me, the Lanchester will pay for your dishonor."
"No!" I roared. 
I swooped down, splicing the air with stiff wings, cutting through the cloud of dust as I descended straight for Roman. Just as I closed the distance between us, the jeep accelerated, pulling Roman slightly out of my reach. 
Roman chuckled deep and throatily. 
But he would not escape me. No amount of acceleration would be fast enough. One powerful stroke of my wings brought me back over the top of Roman and his barreling jeep. The tips of my feathers batted the ditches on either side of him, creating their own little plumes of dust and debris, as I aligned myself directly above him once more.
Roman threw his head back and looked straight up at me. He was smiling victoriously.
With wind lashing at my face, incisors bore, I dove in for the kill.
****
Chapter Forty-Nine
Luna


Being left alone with my thoughts had never been so scary before now. Something was wrong. I couldn't quite figure out what it was, but whatever it was, it wasn't good. It wasn't just the dull, pulsing pain through my temples. Although, I was afraid it had something to do with it. It was more than this.
Addy was right. The demons inside of me were real. I could feel them as if they were pressing against the door of my mind, ready to bust inside. I believed that the pain in my temples was caused from the pressure Bane was creating by trying to resist the other demons, like Bane stood on my side of the door, holding it closed with all his might. 
Sean was right when he had said that it was me as to whom I needed protection from the most.
I had been lying on my bed since Roman and Izzy dropped me off. And I had no intention to move, either. Not unless Bane came for me. Anyone else could just leave me alone to wallow in my thoughts. Now that I had a better understanding of the darkness within me and the bogeymen that prowled within, I was paralyzed by this revelation.
"They say it was suicide, but they're wrong. They are wrong! He was murdered! Murdered by the monsters!" Addy's voice came to my mind.
Lucifer's sons could kill me from the inside.
It was probably them who had driven me to the brinks of insanity and driven me to suicide my entire life. It was probably them who made me jump off the cliff. Thinking back on it now, when those moments came where I teetered on the edge of life and death, I was clearly aware now of how I felt I was on autopilot, like something else took the wheel from me and tried driving me to my death.
I didn't know much about my family, but I did know nearly every one in my family had killed themselves. I always believed that this was where I had gotten it from. Suicide just simply ran in the family. But it wasn't simple. And it wasn't suicide. I knew this now. Lucifer's sons had been killing the Lanchesters for decades. And they didn't even know about The Coven's secret that would gain them their freedom. They are demons, hell-bent on blood and pain and fear, and they didn't have to have a reason or logic behind what they did.
But they had a reason now. Now they knew that killing me would set them free. I was the last of my bloodline.
Then it hit me. 
I shot up in my bed and blinked at the wall in front me. "Bane is that monster my mother accused of murdering my father!" I spoke to the silence of my room.
My flesh prickled with a hot chill.
Yes, even I had thoughts of murdering Barron, but this was different. The creature I was hopelessly in love with had killed my father. He killed Isis Blackhawk and Sarah Jenkins, too. He brutally slaughtered Mr. Dawson cattle, and what else? Who else? If he has been on this earth for hundreds and hundreds of years, what else has he done? What else was he capable of doing?
I shivered. 
I was so totally sick in the head! How could have I possible been in love with a demon? And how could have I possibly believed that a demon could be in love with me? 
This was my rational side, thinking. As small and insignificant as my rational side was, it definitely made some sense.
I remembered what Izzy said about how Bane could compel me into feeling or thinking whatever he so desired. Maybe I wasn't sick. Ohmygosh! Maybe I wasn't crazy. Maybe I didn't love Bane, and maybe my anger truly wasn't mine. Because, really, how could a demon live inside of me and I not feel a little crazy or angry? It would be so very easy to blame Bane for all the rage inside of me, to blame Bane for the darkness and everything that felt so wrong.
But I couldn't.
There was one thing that threw a wrench in the gears that were turning this theory around in my head; Bane loves me. Beyond a shadow of a doubt, I knew that Bane loves me. I was, after all, inside his head when he almost ripped a hole in my neck. I saw it with my own beating heart that Bane was in love with me.
With a heavy sigh, I fell back onto the bed and covered my eyes with my arm. I realized something else. I could not blame anyone or anything for the monster I have become. The anger inside of me had been my own. I owned all of that. I earned all of that. It all belonged to me.
And so did my love for the demon son of Lucifer. With ever fiber of my being, I loved him. I owned that. I earned that. This love belonged to me.
And it always will.
I couldn't blame the sons of Lucifer for my suicidal tendencies, either. It has always been my will to escape them. Mine!
I needed to help Bane.
Bane wanted to be free from The Coven of Hallows, and it was within my power to help him!
I was going to help him.
There was no better way to die, in my opinion, than to die selflessly, to die so that someone else could live. Oh, yes, this would be the best way to go. Although, it wouldn't be entirely selfless. Ridding myself of this lifelong, torturous darkness had been a desire of mine for as long as I could remember.
As the pressure in my head intensified, the excitement in my heart made my pulse quicken. I shot up off the bed and went to the box near the window. I pulled out the Survival Knife and clutched it tightly with both of my hands. Without anymore thought or care or fear or anger, I pressed the blade to my belly.
I closed my eyes. I did not want to die with them open. I wanted the last thing I ever saw to be the dark, gooey, blackness inside of me.
Just as I was about to thrust the blade into my belly, Bane's voice lashed through my head.
"Drop it!"
My fingers automatically snapped open against their will. The knife fell to the floor at my toes. A dizzy, swirling feeling filled my head, like a tornado had formed inside my skull. I felt my eyes roll back, felt the hard crash of my shoulder hitting my bedroom floor. Then I felt nothing but nothingness.
****
Chapter Fifty
Bane


Just as my fingers grazed the skin on Romans' neck, before I could close them around him, the jeep slid straight through the invisible ward.
But I did not.
I crashed in mid air, stopping instantaneously. My wings crumpled all around me, splattering against the ward, as I spilled against it. The impact shocked my lungs and stunned me momentarily. I slid straight down, heaping into a pile on the ground.
If it hadn't been for Romans' deep, throaty laughter keeping me anchored, I would have blacked out. Shimmering flecks of light skirted my vision, and my connection with My Lady Moon was broken.
"What a rush!" Roman chuckled. 
I wagged my head, my shoulders followed. I shook my wings until feathers ruffled, and then I slowly rose from the ground. Roman had gotten out of his Jeep. He was now standing just barely beyond the territorial ward. He was leaning against the rear of his jeep with his arms folded over his abdomen and a cocky grin on his pretty-boy face. It was a face I now more than ever desired to completely rearrange, bone structure and all.
"You will have to return, boy," I spoke through clenched teeth.
"That is true. But I have some business to tend to in the city, first. Isis's mother is flying in tonight. Lilith will be very great full when I inform her that you and your brothers know the ticket to freedom," Roman said. 
He looked too at-ease for someone who had just written his own death warrant. 
"You will be escorted far, far away from here, Bane. But don't you worry. I will take good care of Luna for you. She will be in very good, very capable hands."
His words boiled my blood. Fire popped and crackled on the flesh of my arms and seared my palms. I clenched my fists, imagining that it was Roman's neck in my hands instead of balls of vibrating fire. 
He was only a foot away from me and yet, I still could not touch him. 
A deep, guttural growl rose up from somewhere within me, and I tipped my head to the sky and roared. I threw the balls of fire from the palms of my hand straight for Roman's pretty-boy face, but the balls splattered against the ward. The flames exploded into brilliant sprays of sparks that slid and spread along the slick wall of the ward. They dissipated as they rained to the ground on either side of my wings. 
And then I charged at Roman, slamming myself into the invisible wall, shoulder first, wings spread wide beside me. Even using my wing's sudden arch to give me momentum, I could not break through the ward.
Roman did not flinch. He did not even blink an eye. He stood, confident, with that same cocky grin on his face. 
"As entertaining as this may be, Bane, I'm afraid I have to get going now. Believe me, I'd really like to stay a while longer," Roman said, with a chuckle. "I'll see ya soon, Bane." Roman turned. With a casual stride, he moved to the door of his jeep and slipped behind the wheel.
I pounded my fists against the ward, desperately clawed  it with nail-less fingers, drove my forehead into it with all my strength, and still, I could not break through the ward to get to him.
Roman started the jeep, waved good bye and then sped away, spitting up gravel in his path.
I suddenly remembered that I had  broken the link and I quickly reconnected with My Lady Moon.
And when I did, I was not happy to find her standing in her bedroom with a knife to her abdomen, ready to thrust it through her body.
"Drop it!" I commanded her, my anger now torrid. I sucked her violently into the blackness of which I was the master, and Luna crumpled instantly to the floor.
The torment this woman created in my being was beyond frustrating. She was provocative and profane. She was irreverent and ambiguous.
Yet, she was cryptic and impeccable. 
And I was enamored.
With a beastly roar, I squeezed my eyes shut and felt myself getting smaller and smaller as I sank to the ground. Tufts of fur shot out from my every pore. Bones shifted painlessly. When I opened my eyes again, I was looking down at giant, black paws that were covered in silky long fur. I folded the wings at my back and tucked them in along my sides.
Roman was right when he told his sister that it is impossible for a son of Lucifer to love anyone or anything. Knowing no love was one of my father's commandments. Father forbade it. Therefore, it should not be done. 
It would not be done.
I let go of my link to Luna, closing it as though it were a door. I vowed to myself that it would never be opened by me again.
And sadness blackened me.
****
Chapter Fifty-One
Izzy


"I'm really sorry, Isabelle," Aine said, while she synched the rope tight around Isabelle's wrists. "This was so not my idea." Aine had said this to Izzy about twenty times now, but it didn't make Isabelle feel any better about the situation she was in.
Everything went dark when Aine wrapped a black bandana around Isabelle's eyes and tied it at the back of her head.
"I really thought you wanted to talk about your salvation, Aine," Isabelle said with a sniffle. One moment Isabelle remembered standing excitedly in front of Aine, about to open the bible to the book of John, in Chapter Three, verse sixteen, and read to Aine, when suddenly Aine grabbed her by the hands and started tying her wrists together with rope.
"I do!" Aine put Isabelle in the back of Aine's black Explorer and closed the door. Isabelle realized that her other senses were heightened, now that her ability to see had been taken away. She could hear Aine's boots crushing gravel as she walked to the driver's side door, the little click from the hinge as she opened it, the soft swish of fabric as she slid behind the wheel. "I just can't talk to you about it tonight, Isabelle. Devine gave me strict orders to bring you straight to her."
"Why did you blind fold me?" Isabelle asked, shifting uncomfortably in the seat. It was difficult to sit this way with her hands tied behind her back.
"I'm not really sure," Aine said. She started the engine. "Oh, crap! I almost forgot!" Aine got back out of the truck, opened up the door beside Isabelle and dug around in what sounded like a backpack or a cloth bag. "Isabelle, you're probably going to hate me for this, but I gotta do it, ok?"
"Do what?" Isabelle tensed, not knowing what to expect next. When Aine took Isabelle's forearm, Isabelle jumped.
"It's not going to hurt, ok? It's just a little prick. I'm so sorry. For real! I really don't want to do this, Isabelle. But if I don't, I'll get in really big trouble."
Something tightened around the upper part of Isabelle's arm. There was a clinking sound, followed by a light tapping sound. Then there was nothing but silence for a few, short seconds. Aine took Isabelle by the forearm again. "Just relax, ok? It's just a prick."
Something sharp poked the underside of Isabelle's elbow and then slid into her skin.
"Hold still, or you'll hurt yourself," Aine warned. But it was hard for Isabelle to hold still. Isabelle was scared and confused and wanted to know what was happening to her. Her body was shivering. She couldn't hold still even if she wanted to. The Coven of Hallows was kidnaping her, tonight was the blue moon, and Luna was the last of the Lanchesters and---
"Whoa!" Isabelle felt a dizzying rush spiral through her body. "What was that?" she asked Aine. Then everything inside of her started to feel soft and mushy. Every muscle felt dizzy and squishy.
"Just a little something to take the edge off," Aine said.
Isabelle's heightened senses were now smearing together. The truck took off down the road. The bumps felt like jiggling Jell-O, the strawberry kind. No, the chocolate kind. Isabelle could taste the bumps on her tongue. She giggled. The sound of chocolate Jell-O smelled funny in her ears. She laughed, knowing this did not make any sense, but she didn't care. Aine was right. The edge was gone. Now everything was fluffy and soft.
Even though it felt like the truck had just taken off down the road, it was already coming to a stop. "We're here, Isabelle," Aine said. The door opened beside Isabelle, and time seemed to jump ahead. Isabelle was now walking. No, she was floating. On a cloud of blueberry marshmallows. With legs that felt like cotton candy, but smelled like pizza.
There were now other voices moving around her. Isabel recognized them as belonging to Devine, Psyche and Dionysus. But whatever they were saying was being gobbled up by the purple polka dots that were now floating around behind the black bandana that still covered her eyes. In the back of Isabelle's mind she was glad she couldn't see. Adding any more confusion to her already confused mind would have been a sensory overload she was certain she wouldn't have been able to handle.
Isabelle was moving again. No, flying, slowly, but without wings. Wait, she did have wings, she could feel them flapping behind her ears. Nope, that was her hair.
"Hairy wings!" Isabelle said with a giggle. Her voice echoed back to her. She could hear the sound of dripping water in the distance somewhere. She could feel moist air pressing against her, licking the flesh on her arms, lapping the skin on her ankles.
The bandana was lifted from Isabelle's face, and like a splattering water balloon, a sudden splash of colors burst into view. She was in a cave. There were candles flickering everywhere, shadows dancing like spooky ghosts on the stalactite ceilings above, a circle of light twitching on the floor of the cave, an altar glowing, filled with shimmering, magical tools and there were witches in deep, black and rich, purple velvet cloaks moving about with a mysterious purpose and grace that almost looked like something out of a fairytale book, the kind that gave children nightmares at bedtime.
Isabelle was taken to the far corner, away from the circle and into the darker part of the cave by a man whose face was hidden in the dark depths of his hood, but Isabelle did not need to see his face to know who he was.
"Hi, Dionysus," Isabelle said with a smile that felt like it was waving at him. The man ignored Isabelle as he tied her bound wrists to a thin, wooden log. He squatted to secure her ankles to the log. "Not that I believe you are really Dionysus. I don't believe in animistisism. Yes, I know that's not really a word, but it is my word. Have you ever tried this stuff they gave me?" Isabelle giggled. She was right about the sensory overload. She could smell Dionysus' cologne, and it tasted like the fuzzy, black velvet of his cloak, except, it had a cottony feel on her tongue. 
When Dionysus moved away from Isabelle, he left tracers behind him, like parts of his body were slower than others at keeping up with him. It was very difficult understanding or comprehending what was going on and what was being said, but Isabelle wasn't bothered by this. There was only a little part of her mind, maybe the size of a mustard seed, that clung to reality and fought to grasp a hold on something rational or remotely solid. Her bones, her muscles and even her brain felt slushy and mushy now.
One thing Isabelle knew for certain was that something bad was about to happen, and that this wasn't impacting her the way that it should have been.
The witches moved about in the circle of candle lights, chanting, like music, in unison. No one was paying attention to her, except for the black ghosts that were wriggling through the stalactites above her. But Isabelle tried the warrior face anyway, the one Luna said she wore so well. She crunched up her brows, squeezed her eyes into slits. It felt right. It felt ruthless.
A tear trickled down Isabelle's cheek. "Darn it!" she cried.
"Isabelle," said a familiar voice. It sounded so close that Isabelle cranked her head one way and then the other, expecting to find someone standing close to her. But no one was there.
"Isabelle," the voice said again.
"What!" Isabelle shouted, looking all around and still finding no one.
"Isabelle, close your eyes," said the voice.
Isabelle did not hesitate. She closed her eyes. "Ashmodai! Oh, it's so good to see you! I mean, hear you. Where are you? Please say that you've come to spank these naughty witches, because they're bad, Ashmodai. Bad! And I really don't think their mommas spanked them very much when they were little, because if they had, they wouldn't be so mean."
"Isabelle, talk to me with your mouth closed," Ashmodai said.
"An, hm d I d at?" Isabelle said, trying to keep her lips closed. "It just isn't happening, Ashmodai! I just can't do it!"
"Just think, don't speak," Ashmodai instructed.
"I can't think, Ashmodai! They gave me drugs. Funny drugs. Everything is funny now," Isabelle said in her mind.
"Yes, but this will be easy. All you have to do is stall Luna. This is important, all right? Stall Luna, Isabelle."
"But Luna's not even here!" Isabelle spoke out loud. She opened her eyes and looked around. "Is she? I don't see her, Ashmodai. Luna isn't here. How in the world am I supposed to stall her if she isn't even here? Luna? Luna! Are you here?"
"No, Isabelle," Ashmodai grumbled loudly, causing Isabelle to flinch with a squeak. "Luna is not here, but she will be soon. Something bad is going to happen if you do not stall her. You will know exactly what I mean when the time comes."
"No, I won't! Ashmodai, I've been drugged. I can't even find my fingers or my hands or even my arms! Oh, sweat mercy, I don't have any arms! How in the world am I supposed to remember anything important?" Isabelle said, feeling a little panicked because it wasn't until she said this that she realized she had missing limbs. 
"You are not missing your arms, Isabelle. Your hands are tied behind your back. Now remember to stall Luna," Ashmodai said. Then he disappeared, leaving Isabelle all alone.
Isabelle tugged at her hands. Yup, there they were, just like Ashmodai said, tied behind her back. She could feel the prickly rope that tightly wrapped her wrists and secured her hands behind her. 
Suddenly, it was all just too much for her. She was going to throw up. Her stomach twisted into knots. The cave began to turn in a slow circle. Then Isabelle's head swivelled over her shoulders. She closed her eyes and drifted off into a deep, trance-like sleep.
****
Chapter Fifty-Two
Luna


"I told you. All I know is that they have Isabelle and that they plan on drinking her blood," Aine said, breathlessly. She was behind me, trying to keep up with me, as I ran like a madwoman through the trees beside the lake. Aine did not question my state of being when she found me on the floor in my bedroom. She was focused solely on the fact that her coven had kidnaped Izzy. And so was I.
"I'll be in so much trouble if they find out I told you!"
Nothing mattered to me but the situation Izzy was in. As a matter of fact, that was all I could think about. I had to get to her. And fast. But I just couldn't move fast enough. Not even Bane existed in my world at this point, only Izzy and the fact that she needed me. I was almost there. So close that I could see the property through the trees up ahead. Twilight dressed it in thin layers of pale greens and grays.
"Please, Luna, don't let them know that I told you," Aine pleaded.
Aine had told me that they had taken Izzy to the cave, so when I emerged from the woods and into the clearing, I did not stop. I spotted the big, gaping hole right away. I dashed across the clearing and moved swiftly down the throat of the cave. Even though I had processed a lot of information instantaneously, like the circle of candles, Devine, Psyche and one other cloaked body, it was Izzy I found first. She was tied to a pole in the darker part of the cave, just off to the right of the circle. The way her head was hanging told me that she was passed out. Devine was just moving something away from Izzy's throat, something that shimmered in the light of the candles. While they chanted in unison, Psyche bent forward, her lips latched onto Izzy's neck and she sucked, almost seductive-like.
Oblivious to what was coming, I charged at them. I shoved Psyche in the shoulders, sending her flying backward and away from Izzy. She hit the wall, and her head bounced off of it. I punched her in the nose, feeling it crackle and sink beneath my knuckles. The blow sent her head back into the wall again. I did not feel the pain in my already broken knuckles. I felt nothing but tunneled-vengeance. I spun on a heel, swinging at the same time, catching Aine in the corner of her eye with my fist and sending her whirling in a circle. I turned, facing the cloaked mystery person and swung at her too. No, him. A large hand clamped onto my wrist, and before I realized what was going on, Devine stabbed me in the arm with something sharp.
I looked down to see a needle being extracted from the bend of my elbow. I jerked away from the man who held my wrist and I squeezed my fingers into a tight fist, while glaring into Devine's laughing eyes. I pulled my arm back to punch her in the eye. 
But something went wrong.
The cave suddenly tilted to one side. I stumbled sideways, trying to maintain my balance. Big, strong arms caught me before I could fall to the ground. Someone had angered the candles, causing them to start flickering wildly. The darkness that mingled with the light had thickened and spread throughout the cave like black goop.
"Izzy!" I cried out for her, trying to turn my head to find her, but my neck felt like an air sock, and I couldn't seem to make sense of direction. I couldn't remember where to find her with my eyes. "Izzy!"
Now I was afraid. Not for me, but for Izzy. Something was terribly wrong with me. I had been rendered helpless. Useless. I could not save Izzy. I had been drugged. With what, I had no clue. I had tried many substances, but nothing like this that wiped away half my mind while allowing me to stay in control of my deeper self.
"Bane!" I cried for him in my mind. Bane could save Izzy! 
But my deeper self reminded me that I had not felt the gooey, black shadow within me since I had gotten up from my bedroom floor. I knew Bane was not going to hear my cries for help.
The cloaked man drug me to the center of the circle of lights and then let me go. I crumpled to my knees like a lifeless rag doll. I could feel the moist, hard earth of the cave's floor seeping through the fabric of my pajama bottoms.
Psyche appeared before my eyes, as if she had materialized out of thin air. Maybe she had. Maybe she hadn't. Blood ran from both of her nostrils, drowning her lips and dripping from her chin. The way the candle lights flickered in her dark eyes made her look demonic. I knew I needed to pop her in the nose again, rescue Izzy and get the hell out of there, but I just couldn't seem to send the right messages to my body in order for my body to cooperate with my plan. All I could do was sit there, slumped over myself, completely at the mercy of the drug that now coursed through me entirely.
"Luna, Lanchester, there is something you need to do for us." Psyche took me by the hair at the back of the head and turned my face so that I could look at Izzy. "Your friend is going to die tonight, Luna. You are going to have to watch. And guess what? There isn't anything you can do about it." Psyche let go of my hair. My head dropped and my chin stabbed into my chest. "Give yourself to me, Luna, willfully. Agree to sacrifice yourself so that Isabelle may live."
There were all kinds of things her words had triggered in my head. There were all kinds of things I wanted to say, and especially do, in response, but my mind wasn't functioning properly. The drug had short-circuited some wires in my brain.
I was well aware, though, of the power growing around me in the circle of light. Devine was walking clockwise around it. I could hear her voice, but I could not make out what she was saying. Whatever it was, it was magic, dark and sinister. I could literally feel it breathing with life, building and growing around me. It was touching me, caressing me. If Devine and her fellow witches were The Hallows Coven misfits, it was not evident. Devine was obviously quite capable of wielding a powerful magic.
"The ceremony has begun. At the exact point when Devine says the word offering, you will plunge the bolline into your heart," Psyche said. She held out her hand, offering me the double-bladed, bone-handled dagger that was balanced on her palm. I could only raise my eyes to look at it. I could do no more than this. I wanted, more than anything, to rip the knife from her hand and use it against her and everyone else who would stand between Izzy and I, but all I could do was sit there in that slanted circle, trying with all my might to keep myself from tipping over.
"It will be you or Isabelle, Luna. It is your choice who gets to be the one to die tonight. And if by the word offering you have not given yourself to us, it will then be Isabelle you have chosen to die. You will get to go home and live the rest of your life with the decision you have made," Psyche said.
Before I even realized I had done so, I took the dagger from Psyche's palm. The weight of it was almost too much of a burden for my liquified muscles. The tip of the blade clinked against the cave floor, but somehow I managed to keep my fingers around the handle. It took all the strength I had to keep the bolline from dropping to the cave's floor. Sweat trickled from my forehead. My arm shook convulsive-like from the effort. 
Have you chosen, Luna? You or Isabelle? Speak the name into this circle so that all who are present will hear."
I tried to wield the dagger, tried to encourage my arm to swipe through the air so that I could cut Psyche, but my strength was only depleting by the moments. Everything around me seemed so far away that it was now nearly nonexistent, everything except for Izzy. Every part of me seemed to be connected to her, like a thousand invisible strings were attaching us together. And I desperately clung to her. It was all I had. It was all I could do.
"Izzy will live," I said, the words slurred from my tongue. "I will die for Izzy." Without a doubt, I would die for her. Izzy's life was far more important than my life was. Her god had plans for her. And besides, Bane wanted to be free from The Coven. I could set them both free, Izzy and Bane.
The commotion around me faded into the background, but I sensed a change in the air that came with my words. Something I said seemed to have caused the witches to change gears. I wanted to look up and see what was going on, but my chin felt glued to my chest. I suddenly wondered how I would be able to lift the dagger to my breast or have the strength to shove it through my heart when Devine said the word offering. Heck, how was I  going to hear the word when I couldn't even stretch my mind outward far enough to know what was going on around me?
Panic ticked in my heart.
"Oh, Luna, you're here! Hi, Luna!" Izzy's voice was like a temporary antidote, and I found that I was able to raise my chin up to look at her. "Ashmodai said you'd be here! Oh, it's so good to see you! Hay, did they give you whatever they gave me? Wow! This is some crazy stuff!"
I tried to smile. I felt tears gather in the corners of my eyes. I was going to miss Izzy. 
"Did you try the face, Izzy?" I asked. I wasn't sure whether or not she would understand me because the words came out of my mouth sounding like they were all adhered together, like my saliva was glue.
"I did! But no one saw it, except for maybe Ashmodai. You know, I was supposed to remember something he told me, but---"
"Silence!" The hooded man standing next to Izzy scolded her, but then my mind faded him out again, and he was gone completely, lost in a strange oblivion.
A swirl of black cloaks passed me by, slow and hypnotic-like. The Daughters of Hallows were walking the circle. My mind could not hold on to what was going on or what was being said, and I hated this. It frustrated and angered me, but these emotions were muted inside of me.
Then I heard the word offering. It stuck out like a flashing beacon, and my arm automatically responded. I lifted the dagger and pressed it to my left breast. The power in the circle, the one I felt breathing around me, caressing me, had lent me just a little of its strength. I raised my other hand, gripping the hilt with both my hands. I knew I would need both their strengths combined to do what I needed to do next.
"Offering!" The word came again, and I pressed as hard as I could. The tip of the blade broke through the fabric of my sweatshirt and slid into my flesh about an inch. Blood oozed from the little hole I had made in my body, but that was all the strength I had. Panic tugged at my insides. I had to do this! I had to muster the strength, or Izzy was going to die!
"Luna! What are you doing, Luna? Oh! I remember now! Ashmodai told me to stall you! Oh, goodie, I know what he means now! Luna, you stop that."
I squeezed my eyes shut tightly, trying to make Izzy fade away into the same oblivion where everyone and everything else was going.
"Luna! You put that knife down this instant!" Izzy cried out hysterically. "This is what I'm supposed to distract you from! Oh, God, dear, precious God. Um. . .Luna! Have you heard this song? "I'm a little tea-pot, short and stout. Here is my handle, here is my---for crying out loud, Luna! Put down that knife!"
Damn it, why wouldn't she just fade away? I tried again, pressing the tip of the dagger as hard as I could. I was about to drop it, so I turned it just slightly. This caused me to dig out a little chunk of meat from the hole I was creating in my breast.
Luna! Stop that! What are you---" Izzy's sudden silence seemed to give me more strength. I could do this. I knew I could. Take a deep breath and just shove, I heard my inner voice say. Or maybe it was a demon. I wasn't sure.
The voices around me were causing a stir in the magical breath of the circle. I squeezed the hilt. I took a deep breath.
And with sheer determination empowering me, I shoved the dagger into my breast.
"Luna, your boyfriend does have wings," Izzy's voice was crisp and clear. "And he looks very, very angry, Luna!" Her voice would be the last thing I would ever hear. And that was all right. That was just perfect, because Izzy was alive. I chose to die for her.
"Luna?" Izzy's voice finally faded into oblivion, and I was taken with her.
Darkness lapped me up, and magic breathed me in.
****
Chapter Fifty-Three
Bane


I never knew rage like this before. My flesh spat fire, and flames rolled up the spines of my wings. Luna crumpled to the cave's floor. The dagger was still in her grip, buried beneath her somewhere. I roared, sending a tremor through the bowls of the earth. Darkness slithered close to my body, ready and eager to hear my commands. It rained from the stalactites above me and crowded around me.
"Turn down your circle now, Devine, or I will come inside," I warned, in the voice which belonged to the animal within me. My very presence struck fear into everyone in the cave. No one moved. No one could speak, for their fear was their paralysis.
"Turn down your circle!" The boom of my voice rocked the stalactite above, and pieces gave way, falling to the floor and shattering around the circle of light. Fire flared from the spines of my wings, lashing out at the darkness around me.
"Why do you wish for me to let you in?" Devine asked, accusingly. She stood above Luna's crumpled body. I sensed her doubt and insecurity. A little pool of crimson blood slowly grew in size at Devine's feet. It was the blood of My Moon's. Her lifeblood. 
"I find it rather peculiar that you would risk coming inside my circle. You know what would happen, Bane. You would hurt me. This would sever your path to freedom. Forever you would remain here, in this realm."
"Devine," Aine said, in a small, shaking voice. "Let down the circle. He will come in, or he wouldn't threaten to."
"You do not know the damage it will cause, Devine," Psyche warned. "It could damage you permanently!"
"Hi, Bane!" Izzy screeched from the corner. "I'm so glad you showed up. These girls didn't get their spankings. Ashmodai kinda can't do it since he's trapped inside my head, so maybe you should spank em, Bane. Something's wrong with Luna. I'm worried these girls may have done something horrible to her."
"If Bane wanted to come inside, he would have already done so," Devine said.
"Make the choice, charlatan. Turn down your circle, and fast, or with its body, I will hastily coalesce. My patience runs thin," I said.
"Wait just a minute here." Devine's eyes went large with surprise as her little, simple mind finally put it together. She now realized that I had feelings for the Lady Moon. And she now realized what this meant for her and the rest of The Coven."What is in the circle that you want, Bane? It certainly is not me. It's not Psyche or Aine. You have denied us multiple times. You have said your interests lie elsewhere. Luna Lanchester is the elsewhere! We have the magical formula! The Love-Bond!" she said. This caused the others to gasp.
"Luna is the last of the Lanchesters," Izzy yelled. "You can't kill her. Besides, I really think Bane would be upset if you did. He chose love over evil, Devine. Maybe you could learn a thing or two from the son of Lucifer. Jesus loves you, too, you know. Hate the sin, love the sinner. It's not too late for you, Devine," Izzy said, but everyone was ignoring her. 
"Very well, then. Your transgression will be your demise. Let the disruption I cause to the elements about you be your Achilles's heel, Devine of the Hallows," I said, "May they haunt you for eternity."
Unlike the invisible ward around the coven-stead territory, the circle was malleable. There was a great deal of resistance that felt much like elastic stretching, as I pressed against the circle. But it gave way to my force, snapping like crisp, frozen branches on a tree, until I was fully inside. There was an immediate and tumultuous reaction to my presence in the circle. Devine doubled over and fell to the floor, convulsing wildly. Psyche and Aine ran to her aid, but the moment they touched her they were jolted backward. A stiff wind whirled inside, whipping little pieces of water around like a tropical storm. Fire spilled from the barbs of my wings and arched upward, raining against the inner circumference of the circle until a wall of flames surrounded us, chocking off the magic that was so tightly wound around us. But I paid no mind to any of this. Luna was all that was important to me.
I squatted down before her, curling my wings around her to create a protective wall that no one, or no thing, could penetrate, while I assessed the damage, honing in on her vital organs. My Lady Moon was still breathing, faintly, raggedly. Her pulse was much slower than what it should have been. But she was still alive. 
I slowly, carefully, turned her shoulder off the floor to look at her wound. I just about collapsed from relief when the dagger stayed in the pool of blood on the floor. Luna had shoved the blade into her breast, but the thrust was not near powerful enough to slice deep enough inside of her body to cause any real damage. Carefully, while keeping my wings walled around her, I gathered her limp body in my arms and rose to my feet. 
That was when I smelled it. The poisonous herbs.
The dagger had been dipped in the poisonous herbs, and now there was poison pulsing through Luna's veins. Her heart was not struggling because of the loss of blood. Her heart was being viciously attacked.
I shot out of the circle, ripping Izzy away, pole and all, then I severed the ropes with one scorching touch of my finger, tossed Izzy onto my back, and I ran, holding My Lady Moon carefully in my arms, absorbing the impact of my footfalls with my arms so that I could keep My Lady comfortable in my embrace.
I hit the night air and took to the sky, ignoring the cacophony of screeching and squelching that came from Isabelle on my back, ignoring her complaints about the fire lashing away from my wings. I tuned everything out that was not pertinent to Luna and the fact that poison was permeating every organ in her body.
In a moment's time, I landed on the beach in front of My Lady Moon's house and sank with her to the sandy shore. Izzy scurried off and away from me, hovering in my shadow. I curled my wings around the front of our bodies, enveloping My Lady and I. Desperately, I ripped the blood saturated material away from Luna's wound and quickly covered the wound with my mouth. I latched on and began to suck, taking deep and long draws, swallowing her poisoned blood as if my own life depended on it. 
Because it did. 
I knew this now. 
My very own existence depended on Luna's survival. I drank and I drank until I could not smell the herb-scented poison in her blood anymore, until her heart slowed dangerously. I had only a fraction of a second to get this right. If I failed, I lost My Moon. If I failed, I lost my everything.
Hastily, I used a sharp cuspid and raked it across my forearm to create a deep incision. Meat separated and opened wide. Blood spewed out. I covered her wound with mine and began to envision myself filling her full, transfusing my immortal blood into her, as I began to pray to my God.
Then it dawned on me. My God, my father, had abandoned me. I had no god to receive my prayers.
I whipped open one of my wings. "Isabelle Gordon, I am in need of your god," I commanded, hearing my voice tainted with desperation. "Now! Beckon him now."
Isabelle flinched and then spoke quickly and clearly. "My God cannot be commanded, Bane."
"He needs to be here, with me. I need his power in order to save her!"
"Do you believe that Jesus died on the cross for our sins, Bane?" Isabelle sounded almost as desperate as I did.
"Of course I do! I watched until he took his final breath. I was there. I gave him vinegar to drink. I was there to witness the empty tomb!"
Isabelle could not hide her shock. "Accept Him into your heart," she managed to say. "Accept Him as your personal savior."
"I do accept!"
"Do you admit that you are a sinner?"
"I am sin incarnate!"
"Then ask Him into your heart, Bane," Isabelle's voice softened.
"If your god, your Lord, has the power to bring my Lady Moon back to me, I will serve Him for eternity. I will march into the pits of Hades' Realm and bid by father fair well. I will be His fearsome warrior until the world crumbles at my feet. He can come into my heart. He can come into my anything, for all I care. I only wish My Lady Moon opens her eyes. If she opens her eyes, your God can have my soul!"
Isabelle was smiling from one side of her face to the other. "He is not just my God, Bane." Isabelle dropped her gaze to My Lady Moon's face. "He is your God, too."
I looked down at Luna. Her thick lashes fluttered like the wings of the butterflies that lived inside of her. And then her beautiful, exotic eyes looked up at me. Izzy's God was a powerful, merciful God.
And now He was my God, too.
****
Chapter Fifty-Four
Luna


When I opened my eyes I found myself staring into the molten obsidian of Bane's eyes. For the first time in a while, I felt whole once again. But it was a weak whole. I felt like I hadn't slept in days. I was confused, and I had no idea why I was lying in Bane's arms on the beach, with one of his wings walled around us in a half circle. Little wisps of flames curled away from the tips of his wings without even singing feathers. I felt dopey. And I had a hard time remembering what had happened. But as Bane stared down at me, pieces of information began to trickle into my memory, like he gently, slowly showed me what had gone missing from my memory.
With a gasp, I looked down at my chest. My shirt was torn and saturated in blood. Where I'd gouged my skin with the dagger, flesh was mangled and rippled, but the wound was closed, like something very hot had melted my skin together. I was no longer bleeding.
I looked up at Bane, now even more confused. What did it mean that he had shared his immortal blood with me? What did it mean that he sold his soul to Izzy's god so that I would come back to him? And what did it mean that I was his everything and that with me in his arms he found a place he could call home?
"Oh, Luna!" Izzy came around the fiery wing and dropped to her knees beside me. She gave me a tight hug. "Are you all right? Are you still drugged-up? I am a little drugged-up, still." She uncurled herself from me but stayed on her knees. "Can you believe we got to ride a flying man? Luna, that was incredible! So, now will you admit that your boyfriend can up and fly like that?"
"Yeah, ok. I'll admit it." I tried to laugh, but I found myself too breathless and weak. Slowly, I tried to sit myself up. Bane guided me, keeping his massive palm on my back for support. The pain in my chest was not as bad as I thought it should have been. According to the memories Bane had trickled into my mind, I wasn't capable of pushing the dagger deep enough into my breast to cause any real damage. It was the poison that affected me more than the wound.
Izzy clapped giddily, squeaking with joy. "Romans Chapter Ten, verse thirteen says; Whosoever shall call upon the Lord shall be saved." She looked up at Bane. "You and I have a lot to talk about, Mr. You can't just go and get yourself saved and then not learn how to live the way God wants you to live, you know."
"Some privacy, Isabelle Gordon," Bane commanded, his other wing slowly came around, but he left a little gap between them so that Izzy could slip through them.
"Are your wings always on fire like this?" Izzy asked, as she crawled on her hands and knees through the hole Bane had left for her.
"It will dissipate, along with this great adversity," Bane said, impatiently.
"No need to be angry anymore. It's over. For now," Izzy said from the other side of Bane's wing.
"It has only just begun, child," Bane said to Izzy while looking down at me.
"Matthew Chapter Six, verse thirty-four says; take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
Bane wrapped me in his arms and embraced me. It came unexpected. But I eventually wrapped my arms around him and burrowed deep into his warm, strong arms. 
"You could have been free, Bane," I whispered into the deep crevasse between his breasts.
"I am free, right here, My Lady Moon." His voice rumbled against my face.
"So, you really are the son of Lucifer?"
Reluctantly, we unwound ourselves from one another's arms. In the cocoon of his wings, I could see his face, due to the flickering spirals of flames above my head.
"Yes, My Lady. I am the first born son of Lucifer, The Fallen One."
I thought about the time I felt Bane's desire to drink my blood until it was dry in my veins.
"That was you, coming into me, Luna, just as my brothers had."
"You mean, I was seeing into your thoughts like you can see into mine?"
"It is not a one-way link."
This made me smile. This was very awesome. Somehow this made me feel less helpless when it came to my need to feel whole. Maybe I could feel whole even when he was not around, by linking to him the way that he links to me.
"I will never unlink from you again, My Lady. I cannot bear a second without you in my mind, without knowing what is in yours. Where you are at, what you are doing, what you are dreaming about. I will keep you safe there."
"Sounds a little on the obsessive side, Bane," I said, but I wouldn't have wanted him to feel any other way.
"You have only a hint of an idea of just how obsessive I have become, My Lady. Your worldly meaning is far less potent than mine. But you are not safe with me. I am the oldest of my three brothers, which makes me the mightier, but there are three of them and only one of me. You are not safe with me, especially now that I have angered my father. It is you he will punish for my dishonor, Luna. I can protect you, yes, but I cannot purge them from your mind at a constant, nor from my own if I am weakened by your presence."
"What are you trying to say?" My voice broke from a sudden rush of angst. 
"It is with great adversity that I must acquiesce to the allure of your presence. It is rather debilitating being near you. You cripple me deeply, and I cannot protect you this way. From afar, I would be of most use to you. From afar, I can still remain your bastion."
"No, Bane! You can't just leave me alone like that. You can't just go away and never see me again. Are you crazy?" I swallowed the tight lump that his words had formed in my throat, gulping it down with difficulty. "We'll deal with your brothers and father as we go. We'll handle it. Together. You can't just stay away from me! What about Ashmodai? He said he'd protect me if only I'd invite him to."
"Ashmodai is not an option for you," Bane growled. "With that, I will never capitulate. Do you understand me? Ashmodai, from the dawning of time, has been my adversary. For you, My Lady Moon, to call upon him for his protection would be an affront to me." The flames brightened and curled away from Bane's wings as if lashing out with his anger.
"An affront to you?" I wrinkled up my nose. I was a writer, yes, but most of the time it was hard for me to understand what Bane was saying when he'd throw a word in there, like affront, for example.
"It would be an insult to me, My Lady."
I thought about Roman. He could help protect me. He was strong and brave and--- 
Before I could finish that thought, Bane's hand lashed out and his fingers curled around my neck. Slowly and fluid-like, he rose to his feet, taking me up with him, while keeping us cocooned in his wings. His eyes pierced into me. "You. Are. Mine!" He roared, shaking me once. My feet dangled off the ground. His grip was too tight. I couldn't breathe. A strange wheezing sound came from my throat when I tried. 
If I have to destroy everything or everyone who attempts to intervene, I will, and with great carnage. This cannot be circumvented. And if you shall choose not to head my caveat, severely and without clemency, I will chastise you, My Lady Moon." Bane loosened his grip, and I could breathe again. I was put solidly back on my feet, but he kept his hold on my throat.
"Do it, you pig-headed animal!" I yelled at him. "Squeeze. Squeeze! You are not the boss of me. I am not your possession. And if you don't ever want me to hate you, you can't go around hurting people."
Bane suddenly pulled against him, kissing me with shocking intensity. 
This disarmed my anger. 
The fingers around my neck slid through my hair to the back of my head. Bane raised his lips from mine. "You are intrepid and belligerent. But I will render you docile, I can guarantee. And abstinence from destruction is impossible, for from it and for it was I created. You could never hate me, Luna, no matter the monster you discover I am. And even if hating me was possible, it would matter not."
"You don't have to be who you were created to be, Bane. You have already proven that to yourself. You don't have to be a demon. And I really wish you'd stop sounding like Sean." I said
"I must go now, Luna. Roman is near. And since I cannot destroy him, I must remove myself from temptation," Bane said, sounding begrudged. "I will be near. I will be watching. And I cannot promise that I can keep you happy that way, My Lady, with not harming Roman." He uncurled his wings, and the world wrapped around me in their stead. "I will be watching," he reminded. His wings twitched up and outward, feathers ruffled. The moonlight etched them with silver.
"And, My Lady, Roman is not your Dammon," he said. Then he bent at the knees and sprang into the sky,
Izzy wrapped me in her arms, the smell of baby powder drifted under my nose. "I think I might throw up now, Luna. I was going to do that earlier, but the purple polka dots and fluffy stuff kind of distracted me. Then I was going to do it again while I was waiting for you and Bane to, you know, smooch and what ever, but I didn't want to ruin your moment with the sound of barfing."
"Izzy, I really think you should stop hanging out with me," I teased her. She leaned heavily into me, and I now had to hold her weight up. "Before you know it, you'll be talking to the dead animal heads in the coffee shop."
"You really think so?"
"Oh, absolutely!"
"Well, if I do end up talking to them, and they talk back to me, will you still be my friend, Luna?"
"Izzy, my boyfriend has wings. Of course my best friend can have conversations with dead animal heads!"
"Oh, Luna! You're the---" Izzy doubled at the waist, ending her sentence with a long overdue, violent upheaval. 
One that ended up all over my toes.
Completely and utterly disgusted, I could only stand there in horror.
"Ugh, I just threw up on your feet, Luna."
"Yeah, I noticed that."
"Really? Because I was kind of hoping that you wouldn't."
"If you were hoping I wouldn't, Izzy, then why did you mention it?"
"Hugh, that's a really good question. Why didn't you ask me that before I said anything?"
"I think we better get you to bed. You can sleep in my room. Hopefully whatever they gave you will wear off with a little rest."
"I'm not feeling so well, Luna."
"You'll feel better after you rest. But you gotta give me a minute to go wash my feet in the lake."
Off in the distance, I could hear the rumble of Roman's jeep, and my heart skipped with excitement. I didn't understand how my insides felt one way while my brain felt another, but that's exactly how it worked. 
"Luna, my brother is coming," Izzy said. "He really likes you, I can tell. But you probably don't like him, hugh? Most girls don't. It's not that he's mean or anything. He's just seriously misunderstood."
"Izzy, I don't like your brother. And I have a boyfriend, so you can stop playing cupid."
"Wish I had a boyfriend."
"You do?"
"Of course, I do! But the kind of man I want doesn't exist in the world I live in. Not really, anyway."
"Well, don't be surprised if your wrong about that!" I giggled, thinking about Bane and how I once felt the way Izzy was feeling now.
"I want a man like Ashmodai," Izzy said. "And you might want to watch your feet." Izzy barely finished saying this before she doubled over and vomited. 
All over my feet. 
Again
****
Chapter Fifty-Five
Luna


I helped Izzy sit down in the grass and then I ran to the lake to rinse my feet. I was just stepping out of the water when Roman pulled into the driveway. The Jeep's headlights flashed across the yard and then faded to black. As I crossed the sand and grass to retrieve Izzy, Roman rushed over to us.
"What is going on? What happened?" He demanded.
I quickly covered the wound on my chest with a shredded piece of fabric from my shirt, holding it with my arm as I helped Izzy up from the grass. She was wobbling on spaghetti-like legs. I ignored Roman and his bossy attitude as I wrapped Izzy's arm around the back of my neck and carried her toward the porch. Izzy groaned. Her head swiveled over her shoulders. I was really starting to worry about her. And my feet too. 
"What the hell is going on? What happened here? What is wrong with Isabelle?" Roman's large paw clamped onto my shoulder and stopped me, commanding my attention.
"We'll talk about it after I get your sister to bed. She's really not feeling well," I told him without looking at him. I shrugged my shoulder out of his grasp and continued up the steps to the porch. Bane was watching, after all. If I looked at Roman, those stupid butterflies in my belly would undoubtedly become intoxicated, and I didn't want Bane to witness that.
At the same time, I wanted to rebel against Bane. I would never let a man dominate me again. I made this vow to myself when I was hanging from the cross my father had nailed me to. But this was what I knew. Dominate men. And therefore, this was totally within my comfort zone.
"What's wrong with her? Why are you bleeding?" I was almost to the front door when Roman decided being informed was more important than taking care of Izzy. He grabbed me by the elbow and brought me to a halt again. "Tell me what the hell is going on!"
I glared at him through narrowed eyes. "I will put your sister to bed and then we will talk. If I haven't decided I don't want to talk to you by then," I hissed. I yanked my elbow out of his grasp and took Izzy inside the cabin.
Roman didn't say another word. He didn't try to stop me again, either. I took Izzy up to my room, helped her into a pair of my pajamas and tucked her into bed. She was unusually silent, which had me a little concerned. She passed out as soon as her head hit the pillow. I watched her for a moment. A smile tilted the corner of my lips. Izzy was such a wonderful, innocent, brave girl.
Izzy was my friend. 
And she was alive and well. Ok, sort of well, but this was better than dead. 
I examined the small cut on her neck and went to the bathroom for peroxide and a bandage. After doctoring her up, I quietly changed into a clean pair of pajama bottoms and a sweatshirt, pausing briefly when I caught a glimpse of the wound in my chest. It looked awful. The skin was puckered were the two halves of the wound had been closed and cauterized together.
I couldn't help but wonder how a demon could possess the power to heal? It just didn't seem right. Sean made the bite marks disappear on my neck whenever he had bitten me. Maybe Lucifer's four angelic sons had a mother who was good and not evil. Maybe it was possible Bane and his brothers could learn how to be good.
I laughed. Even I had a hard time being good. Even I had a dark and morbid side that was secretly hungry for things un-good.
When Bane trickled information into my memory about the events that transpired before I opened my eyes on the beach, he told me that in order to drain the poison from my veins, he needed to transfuse me with his own blood. What would this mean for me, now that I had the blood of my immortal, archaic, arch-enemy, flowing through my veins?
I grabbed the Fifth of Southern Comfort out of the top dresser drawer and turned the bedroom light off. I took a big drink from the bottle before leaving my bedroom and going downstairs.
I found Roman squatted in front of the fireplace in the den. He had started a fire and was now tending to it, feeding it some pieces of splintered bark. I was as quiet as I could be. For some reason I wanted to watch him without him knowing I was watching him. I sank into the love-seat, uncapped the whisky bottle and took another long drink. This one left little rivers of amber fluid trickling away from the corners of my mouth. I was glad Roman didn't witness my not-so-ladylike behavior.
Roman was human. Yes, a beautiful human, but how could I compare a beautiful human with a beautiful Dark Angel? I couldn't.
But, that was just it. Roman was human. Somewhere in my insane and disgruntled mind I knew this was what I needed. Someone human.  I needed my Wizard Wise.
I took another long sip of whiskey, almost laughing at myself. Who was I kidding? I didn't need anyone.
"I apologize, Luna," Roman said without turning around. It surprised me because I really didn't think he knew that I was there. "For being so rude, earlier. Forgive me."
I about choked on the whiskey I hadn't quite swallowed yet. This made it twice now that Roman had apologized to me. In one day. No man had ever apologized to me before, except for Dammon. So I felt a little awkward about this. 
"Um, thanks?"
"Yes, thank you is usually a good response when someone says they are sorry," Roman said. Satisfied with the roaring flames in the hearth, he dusted off his hands and sat down beside me."What happened?" he asked, sounding just as demanding as he sounded earlier.
I basically told him what happened, at least as much as my jumbled, hazy memory would allow. The drug The Coven had given me made it difficult to realize what was going on, which made explaining it all to Roman in a way that would sort of make sense wasn't easy, especially when he was a stickler for detail. I totally left out the part where Bane said he wanted to destroy Roman, though.
Roman was very easy to read. His expressions were very passionate and ever-changing, as I explained what had happened. It showed me a different side of Roman that I did not expect to find. A rough and tough guy having a soft and gentle side? This was weird to me.
"I'm not sure what to do, but I can guarantee I will come up with something. I just need some time to think about it," Roman said.
"Are you crazy? This is not your problem. Why would you want to make it yours?"
"I love my sister, dearly. I make her problems my problems."
"But this is not Izzy's problem either, Roman! This has nothing to do with either of you."
"And yes, I am crazy," Roman said, "or at least, my mother thinks I am. Who knows, maybe she's right."
"Are you deliberately trying to change the subject, or was that an accident?"
"Yes. The topic of my involvement is not up for debate. I mean, if you really want to argue about it, we can, but it won't do you any good. I win all arguments, every darn one of them." He grinned.
I sighed. But at the same time I was happy to know Roman was there for Izzy and me if we did so happen to need his muscle.
"So, why would your mother think you're crazy?"
Roman stretched his arm out along the back of the love-seat. My eyes flicked to the rippling bulge of muscle in his arm, and I couldn't help but notice he was not only bigger than Sean but he was also far more ripped than Sean. 
"Why are you suicidal? Answer for an answer."
"You first," I said.
"Probably suggestive, subliminal implantation or some bull-puck-y like that. The therapist here doesn't make very much money. He pumps his patients so full of medications that it makes em even crazier, so they have to keep coming back to him," he said. Then he shrugged his shoulders. "My mother thinks that if I were saved I shouldn't have such impure desires such as free falling from cliffs or rock climbing mountain faces. She just doesn't get the whole adrenaline-junky thing. She doubts my salvation because of my outrageous adventures."
I wrinkled-up my nose at him. I couldn't say any thing. I had no real idea what salvation was all about. But if it entailed abandoning my wild nature or squashing my own cravings for adrenaline rushes then I didn't want any thing to do with that salvation stuff.
Roman lifted the hand that was resting on his incredibly thick thigh and touched his finger to the space between my brows. He swiftly slid his finger down my nose, de-wrinkling my skin. 
"Your turn," he said.
I was about to take another swig of whiskey, but he swiped it from my hand and set it down on the coffee table in front of us. "That's bad for your health. Go on. It's your turn," he said, as if it were natural for him to boss me around.
I looked at him then the bottle then back at him again. I took the bottle from the coffee table and took a quick gulp, giving Roman a defiant look. "I don't know. I guess I just never liked the skin that I was in. There's a lot of dark, spooky stuff in here. Monsters. Demons too, I've been told. And they can get a little annoying, heavy, a little hard to drag around, sometimes. Suicide has always seemed like a good escape." I said. To my surprise, I  found it easy to talk to Roman. I kind of wanted to talk even more. It felt nice, maybe even comfortable, especially with those concerned and caring expressions that kept moving through his tough-guy face. 
"A copout, maybe," he said, but the way he said it didn't offend me. Not entirely, anyway. "You seem so strong, Luna. Suicide just doesn't seem like your thing. And maybe I'm right. Maybe the sons of Lucifer having free-range over your mind has more to do with it than your own will. That can't be easy." Roman looked deeply troubled. "We really need to get help. I really think you're in a world of trouble, Luna. You said Bane said that you will pay the price for his defiance. Lucifer is a powerful entity. I can't imagine what he is capable of doing to you." Roman took my hand in a moment of pure vexation. He squeezed tenderly. His large hand and thick, warm fingers felt natural on mine. 
Like Dammon's touch once felt. Natural. Right. 
But then I thought of Bane and I quickly pulled my hand out of his.
"You can't do that, Roman," I said.
Roman looked confused. It seemed he didn't understanding exactly what it was that he couldn't do.
"Bane. He already wants to, um, hurt you. And I'm not even kidding!"
Roman chuckled, deep and throatily. He took my hand again in his, but this time with both of his hands. He leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees, looking at me deeply, as if to ensure my undivided attention. "I am not afraid of Bane," he said, smoothly. It was not a macho thing. It was not a lets-impress-the-girl thing. It was a crazy thing. Roman simply was not afraid. Yes, Roman was a big guy and all, but he still should have been afraid, in my opinion.
"Are you on medication? If so, that explains it. If not, I really think you should be," I said.
Roman's smile was so very much like Dammon's. Like music. And I was the instrument. Roman was playing me. He expertly strummed the little butterflies inside me, sending them humming and dancing to his song. 
"Besides, I'm not afraid of dying either. Especially if I were to die for someone I believe in," he said.
"Really? You believe in me?"
"Yes, I do," he said. Even his electric-blue eyes sang to me. I was so totally lost in his music.
"No one has ever done that before," I said.
"That's sad. But I bet I can do a lot of things no one has ever done for you before."
Just then, headlights flashed through the trees. I was grateful for the sudden interruption because I really didn't know how to respond to Roman. He was being straightforward, coming on strong, and I wasn't comfortable with that.
I heard the sound of tires crunching gravel. I jumped up off the love-seat, happy to have a different excuse for Roman to have to let go of my hand, since the fear of Lucifer's son wasn't enough. I heard keys rattle then fall to the porch. I knew right away who I would find on the other side of the door. When I opened the door I had to catch Addy in my arms so that she would not fall inside. She reeked of alcohol, and she could barely stand on her own. I couldn't help but wonder how the freak she managed to drive a car in this condition.
"Oh, hi, Moonshine! Glad your home!" she slurred.
I closed the door, careful not to let Addy slip out of my arm. I practically had to carry her through the living room. "Addy, this is Roman. Roman, this is Addy," I said, as I led her passed the den and toward her room.
"No, no, no, Moonshine. Coffee. I need coffee," Addy said.
Right, I should have known better. Addy always wanted coffee after one of her drinking binges. I never understood this. It never did her any good. Then again, neither did the drinking binges. But if coffee was what Addy wanted then coffee was what Addy would get.
We veered off to the kitchen. I flicked on a light and sat her down at the bench in the turret. She fell against the window and laughed. "I thought I told you boys were trouble. Why is there a boy in the house?" 
I ignored her. Roman came into the kitchen and began to help me tend to the coffee machine. I felt a little embarrassed about Roman seeing Addy this way. Roman's mother fizzled with warm happy bubbles and here was my mother, drunk and stumbling.   
Addy giggled when she saw Roman come into the kitchen. It was a girly-sounding giggle. A flirtatious one.  "Oh! A man, not a boy. What is your name, man?"
"I already told you. His name is Roman. He's Izzy's brother," I said, irritably.
"Hugh, nice. I mean, nice to meet you, that is."
I leaned into Roman, who was now putting a new filter in the coffee maker. "Ignore her. She's a big flirt when she's been drinking! But don't take it personally. She flirts with me, too."
Roman smiled. "I'd flirt with you too, if I was your momma."
"That's weird, Roman. Seriously." 
"Why is there a man in the yard?" Addy asked. "Oh! There's a man in the yard with wings. Strangling a girl."
I just about dropped the pot full of water, but Roman quickly grabbed it just as it left my hands. I rushed to the window. 
It was a magnificent display, my Dark Angel with his wings spread high above his head and dusting the ground at his feet, his bronzed skin licked by the moonlight, his hair flowing down his back in a gentle breeze. He held Aine in one hand, similar to the way he had held me earlier. He held Aine off the ground by her neck. Her feet dangled in the air. Both of her hands covered his at her throat. I wasn't sure what I found more beautiful, the sight of Bane or the fact that Aine was being strangled.
"Keep Addy in the house, Roman, please?" I ran for the door and out into the night. But when I got to Bane, I wasn't so sure what to do. If I had the power to hold Aine by the throat like that and hang her in the air, I would have done the same thing he was doing. Actually, I think I would have added a good shake or two. Maybe even a squeeze.
"Tell your animal to heel, Luna!" Aine's voice sounded strangled. "I need to talk to you. I promise it's not a trick this time. Please! Just tell him to put me down."
"Aine?" Izzy's voice came from behind me. I was surprised that she was out of bed. "Bane, put Aine down. You are going to hurt her," Izzy said. She sounded like a mother. Maybe her mother. And I almost laughed. Did she really expect Bane to obey her? Izzy ran to Aine's side and stabbed her fists into her hips. "Put her down, Bane!" she commanded. Bane did not listen to Izzy. I wasn't sure Bane was listening to anyone. He seemed entranced. He just stood there, expressionless, holding Aine without moving a muscle.
"Bane!" Izzy tried again, but again there was no response from Bane. "You are a warrior of God's now. This is not how you should act," Izzy scolded.
I couldn't help it. I giggled. 
"He won't listen to you, Isabelle, only her! Luna, he's going to kill me if you don't tell him to let me go. I can't breathe!"
So? And I was supposed to be bothered by this? 
"Bane," I started to tell him to let Aine go, but I didn't need to say any more than his name. Bane opened his fingers, and Aine dropped to the ground. Izzy caught her before she could fall on her face. I ignored the two girls, as Izzy led Aine away from Bane and into the house.
Seeing Bane now, the magnificent creature that he was, I had to wonder how I could have been so allured by Roman's music. Sure, Roman was a magnificent creature too, but he paled in comparison to Bane. 
It was Bane that I most needed. 
He stood before me now, looking wounded, yet proud, scorned, yet rebellious and bold. He was obviously ignoring me. And of course he'd be upset with me. He had been inside my head while I was with Roman. Bane knew I was drawn to Roman. Bane knew Roman was a musician and that I was his instrument. 
Roman was human.
Guilt flushed my cheeks. 
Slowly, I approached Bane. I stopped about a foot away from him. Bane suddenly turned, took my face with both his hands and looked at me with crazy eyes. "You are wrong, My Lady Moon. It has happened before, someone believing in you. I believe in you. You have gifted me with emotions denied me by my birthright. For that, you are mighty, the epitome of all things beautiful and truly within my grasp. I will learn, My Lady. I will learn to be whatever it is you need me to be. Teach me these things, I command you. For these are the things that have spurred the entropy of my design."
"The what?"
"The deterioration of whom I've known myself to be for the hundreds of years I'd lived before you came into my world."
"Oh. That." I smiled at him. I didn't know what else to say. I hadn't realized I'd made any kind of impact on him. But here stood the first-born son of Lucifer, telling me that he had learned about love and happiness through the experiences he'd shared with me in my mind. Here stood a demon commanding me to teach him how to give me all the things that I needed.
Wow!
Bane wrapped his arms around me, embracing me tightly. "But, until I can learn how to be stronger, how to protect you while weakened by your presence, I must stay away from you," he said, as if he had to remind himself of this.
I could feel his warm breath move through my hair like"
"Wind through the trees, My Lady," he finished the thought for me. "Roman is not your Dammon, because I am. I was."
I squeezed my eyes shut, trying to shut out what he was saying. "That doesn't make any sense, Bane," I said, angrily. I tried to push away from him, tried to push away from the sudden flare of mourning that dislodged the painful memories of Dammon.
Bane loosened his arms, but kept me encircled in them, allowing me to look up at him with the dirty look I had on my face, the torture that I was certain was mirrored in my eyes. Bane returned my gaze, but in a completely opposite way. He looked tender and soft. For one fraction of a moment, I swore he looked exactly like my Dammon.
"I assure you, your Dammon did not feel the pain of the Hylander's attack, My Lady Moon. I saw to it that he did not."
I blinked. Tears came to my eyes. "Don't do this to me. Don't mess with me this way. Not about him. Not about Dammon."
"I am not confined by flesh and bone the way that you are," Bane said, but it wasn't his voice. It was Dammon's.
I squeezed my eyes shut again. Tears rolled down my cheeks.
Bane's palm touched the side of my face. One of his rough thumbs brushed the tear from my cheek. "You needed a safe harbor," he said in his own deep, gravely voice now. "And I, Bane, son of Lucifer, had found a way to give that to you."
"But that's impossible! You are bound to the coven-stead. You couldn't have been Dammon. You just couldn't have been."
"That is true. But only to certain degrees. Dammon was the keeper of his flesh, but through your eyes I traveled through to him. You were my vessel."
I shook my head, crunching my brows together.
"Possession, is how it was done," Bane said.
"Sean? Did you possess him, too?" I asked, but I still was not buying into this whole he-was-Dammon stuff.
"No."
"Why? I mean, your idea of utopia is supposedly a place where you can have your vengeance for the things he'd done to me. Why would you not possess him, too? Maybe murder him the way you murdered my father." I swatted his hand away from my face.
Bane's eyes went arctic cold.
"The Hylander is my brother's possession. Rune staked claim on his flesh. Therefore, I could not intervene. I did not have access to him."
"What? Your brother was possessing Sean?" 
"We are anachronisms, my brothers and I. We are from another time, another place. We are trapped. We are prisoners of The Coven of Hallows. Our only escape, though in simple spirit form, has been via the links we have shared with the Lanchesters. Only through this links, through the windows of your soul, your eyes, we are able to roam. Although possessions bind us, limit us to the flesh and bone of those we come in contact with, it is an escape, all the same. I am afraid with you being the last, through you my brothers will attempt to roam. I am strong, My Lady. I can, as I have said, purge them from your mind. It only takes once, and the path has been made. From then on out, the passing of our souls through your vessel and onto that path, into that person, can happen in less time it would take for you to blink your exotic eyes. Only once must we travel through you in order to leach on to the ethereal of a host.  Rune has now fused with Sean. The two have become one. Sean will perish if Rune leaves him for any length of time."
I had no idea demons were passing through me. I had no idea that because of me innocent people were being possessed by Lucifer's sons. "I thought you guys couldn't harm a high priest, or priestess, or your chance for freedom would be gone for good?"
"Rune does not care, My Lady. You have enchanted him. You have made him more mad than I had ever seen him before."
"Yeah, I seem to bring out the best in people, don't I?" I said, rolling my eyes. Then I thought of something. "You know, Sean told me that he had known me long before I met him. Rune had to have used a different Lanchester for his vessel in order to have possessed Sean."
"You are correct, My Lady. You had family in Greenland at one point. Your uncle, Lockizin. My brother knew you long before you met the Hylander. And the Hylander had fallen in love with you that day in Oak Park, when you climbed the river bank. Now they fight for you, the Hylander and my brother."
"Where is Rune now?"
"It is Aradia, Devine's mother, who has Rune bound to her hive in Italy. Aradia once had me, as well, bound to her. She grew rather weary of the sibling rivalry between Rune and I, so she escorted me here, to Sleepy Hallow, to be bound to her daughter's hive."
"So, Rune is in Italy, and Sean is in Burling? How is that even possible?"
"It is far too complicated for your little mind to comprehend, My Lady."
"But, is Rune in Italy somewhere, passed out cold cuz his spirit is in Burling? Wouldn't Aradia notice?"
"No. My brothers and I can navigate through our own worlds while possessing another. We are not at our most optimum level when doing so. Aradia will only know Rune is gone if she uses her magic to seek him out. Aradia would know exactly where he is, if she were to search for him."
"So, it's not Sean who has an obsession with me, it's your brother, Rune."
"Oh, your little mind," Bane shook his head with pity. "Rune and Sean share their obsession. But it is Rune who should concern you the most."
"What does your brother look like, Bane?" I asked, but I already thought I knew.
"Your suspicions are correct. The Copper Angel of your dreams is he. Hex, the youngest, is what you would call the Silver Angel, for his hair and wings are white with strands that look like polished silver. You would call Vodou, the second to the youngest brother, the Bronze Angel, for his wings and hair and eyes look very much like bronze."
"Where are your other brothers, Hex and Voodoo?"
"Vodou," he corrected. "Vodou is West-African for spirit. Vodou is bound to Lilith's Hive. Lilith is the mother of Isis." Bane licked his lips at the mention of Isis' name. "Hex is bound to Demeter's hive. Demeter is Aine's grandmother. Persephone is Aine's mother, but she was unable to have anything bound to her, for Persephone is bound herself, to her husband, Hades."
"So, you only have three brothers?"
"We are only four in number, we of the angelic breed. My father has many more spawns. A countless array. But they are nothing like us. They are not as close to human as we are."
"Sarah Jenkins told Izzy that she had a daughter, and that Lucifer was the father. Is that true?"
"It is. Mercy is her name. But as I have said, those of the angelic breed are the only ones close to human. All others are more like Zar or Djinn. Spirits. Very demonic spirits."
I shivered. "So, Rune can physically get to me, whether Aradia comes to Sleepy Hallow or not? He can get to me by coming here with Sean?"
Bane looked troubled. 
It was as if I slipped into his mind and read his thoughts, because I suddenly realized what was troubling him. 
"Sean is going to find me, isn't he? He's coming."
Bane didn't say a word. He didn't have to. I had somehow plucked this information out of his head, and he knew this.
"Does he want to kill me? I mean, now that Rune knows that killing me can set him free?"
"Rune is very unstable, My Lady. It is difficult foretelling what his intentions will be from one moment to the next. But it is my assumption that if Rune is willing to sacrifice his freedom by harming the Hylander, a high priest, then he has already decided that you are worthy of his eternal imprisonment. But Vodou will undoubtedly attempt to arouse Rune's desire to rid you from this earth."
"I come from a family of fierce warriors, right?" I felt the corner of my lips move upward in a grin.
"The fiercest this realm has ever, or will ever, see again," Bane said, proudly.
"Well, I'm not just going to stand around and wait for everyone to come and get me."
"That's my girl," Bane said, thumping me in the shoulder with his fist. I stumbled sideways, but Bane caught hold of my arm, keeping me from falling. He gathered me in his arms and embraced me. Time, and all that existed around me, was left on the other side of his wings, as he cocooned us in black, moon-drenched feathers.
Then Bane said the words I had been longing to hear for so very long. They were words that were bloated with a potent magic and packed with the ability to make me believe.
"Everything will be all right, My Lady Moon. Everything will be all right."
****
Chapter Fifty-Six
Luna


When I returned to the love-seat in the den, I was in my own little world, wanting to ignore the conversation going on in the room around me. And Roman's eyes. Watching me closely. Accessing me for damage. 
I would not be drawn to him. I would be steadfast in my desire to one day be with My Dark Angel.
To keep my self from getting swallowed-up by thoughts of Roman and Bane, I allowed myself to be absorbed in the conversation that was taking place in the den.
"I really do want to talk to you about that, Isabelle. And again, I am so, very sorry that I tricked you that way. But it wasn't my idea. I had to do it. Devine would have definitely punished me if I hadn't done it. And done it exactly the way she instructed me to. They cannot find out that I'm here. I don't ever want to go back to them. I want out of that madness. I just don't know how to do it."
"We'll figure it out, Aine. We will. Don't you worry, ok?" Izzy assured her. But Aine didn't look so convinced. "There is nothing more powerful than the Lord, Aine. If you have Him on your side, all will be well."
"Back to the conversation at hand," Roman said, sounding impatient. His eyes flicked over at me, briefly continuing their examination of me, before he fixed his gaze on Aine. 
"Right. Well, Divine could care less about summoning or controlling or anything like that. She only wants to please her mother, Queen Aradia. Aradia is the Messiah of the witches. Aradia has always been disappointed in her daughter, which is why I think the queen, in a way, exiled her daughter from Italy's Coven, to keep the embarrassment far away from her. Devine has always been recklessly attempting to please Aradia. It never works, though. Actually, it always backfires on Devine. Kind of like tonight. Who knows what kind of damage has been done to Devine, but whatever it is, she'll believe it was worth the attention she will be getting from her mother. The point is, Divine's plans will revolve around whatever will please Aradia. So we have a little time, anyway, to figure out what's going on and what to do about it. Especially since it looks like Devine will be bed-ridden for a while, probably for eternity. I've only heard of this happening before. I've never seen it, though. I don't know what's going to happen to Devine. But I know Bane messed her up pretty good. And I do know for certain that the queen will be coming here to Sleepy Hallow. And soon. As for how many more will come, I can't say. For something this unprecedented, the entire coven will probably end up coming to Sleepy Hallow. My Grandmother, Demeter, will for sure be on her way. She is the Divine Mother. Lilith is already in town," Aine's eyes fluttered over to Roman and Roman grinned mischievously, like they shared a little secret. I wondered what that was all about. And beneath my wonder, I felt a little stir of jealous about aine and Roman sharing a secret.
"I have no idea what they are going to be planning, but I do know that they will more than likely be escorting Bane's brothers, Vodou, Rune and Hex, here. They won't just leave the demons behind. I don't think they'd want to even if they could. They would want them here. Vodou is already here, since Lilith is here. She doesn't go anywhere without him."
"What about Luna being the last Lanchester? What do you think they are going to do about that? Their number one priority is to gain control over the Sons. They can't do that if they sacrifice Luna," Izzy said.
"This is exactly how Devine made this backfire on her again. Boy, is Aradia going to be mad that Divine was so reckless!" Aine giggled. Then her smile fell and her voice lowered an octave. "Aradia isn't going to be the only one mad. Lilith is not happy, either. But it's Isis' brother Osiris who I think you guys need to worry about the most! Well, him and Bane's brothers."
"Osiris? I never knew Isis had a brother," Izzy said. "Osiris must have been kept a secret, or I would have heard about him."
"Lilith isn't Isis's real mother. Her real mother gave birth to quadruplets. Isis has two twin brothers, Set and Osiris. Set doesn't give a hoot about Isis," Aine looked me dead in the eyes. "But Osiris gives more than a hoot. He will exact his revenge on you, Luna. It was because of you why Bane killed Isis. The Coven already knows this. Soon, Osiris will know this too. Bane will be punished, but Osiris will see to it that you will be, too."
"Of course." I shrugged my shoulders and rolled my eyes. "What's one more demon after me?"
"I have no idea what they are going to do about Luna being the last Lanchester." Aine said. She looked at me. It was as if she was able to tell me what she was thinking without saying it out loud where everyone else could hear. Like she planted her thoughts right into my head. Or maybe, somehow, I had plucked them out of her thoughts.
The Coven will want you to have an heir so that you are not the last Lanchester. How else will they be able to sacrifice you and not set the demons free? There has to be an heir. There's just no other way.
I swiped the whiskey bottle off the table and took a long, sloppy swig. And who cares if I looked like a nervous wreck in front of everyone present, cuz, hay, I certainly earned the right to look a little nervous!
Then I thought about something Roman had told me earlier, about the copout stuff. This was no different. I glanced at Roman, who happened to be looking right at me, disapprovingly. I set the bottle back down on the coffee table. Then he smiled, approvingly.
Roman was right. I was stronger than this. And I was wrong. I certainly earned the right to look a little warrior-like. I survived my life thus far. And I would survive years more. The only person, or thing, I was going to allow to take my life, was me. If I was going to die, it would be by my hand alone.
I'd have to practice the face. And I was definitely not going to take lessons from Izzy Gordon.
"Ashmodai told me that there would come a day when I would lead a small army into battle," Izzy said. "He said I'd know when the time came, and that when it did, I would know how to fight." She looked at each of us in turn. "The time has come. And I know how to fight. Ephesians, Chapter Six, verses eleven through seventeen say; Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefor take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand. Stand therefore, having your loins girt about the truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness; And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace; Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God."
"I got the whole armour! I'm with you, Sister," Roman said.
"I'm with you, too. Well, as much as I can be, anyway, with out getting myself burned at a stake or something," Aine said.
"Well, I suppose I'm a given, right? Since I sort of started all of this stuff?" I said.
Izzy's giggle combined with Roman's smile did something to me just then. A little piece of that very same happy-hum that had woven itself through the congregation at church Wednesday night was right here in the den of my house, just barely within my grasp. And suddenly I wanted to live again. Suddenly I wanted to divest myself of all that was old and slip into something new. 
I remembered when Izzy and I were in the coffee shop, after we had happened upon Isis' body. It was the day I realized just how important leading The Coven of Hallows to the Lord was to Izzy. And now, I knew how I could help her. I knew that I, too, would stand by her side and wave my sword, too. I knew that I would have a sword. I knew now how to acquire a sword. Heck, I knew I would even one day believe in what we would be fighting for.
And I believed in me.
"Good. So can we go kick some evil butts now?" I asked, ready to get up off the love-seat and go fight something. 
Anything. 
It didn't matter what. 
Despite the pending doom that loomed over me, I really was anxious, excited even, about the battle that inevitably was coming our way. Sure it was a little scary, knowing Lucifer's angelic immortals were virtually indestructible and whatnot   --ok, so maybe a lot scary--    and that this massive coven was freaking powerful and stuff, but hay, I, Luna Lanchester, come from a powerful line of warriors.
And I would kick some evil butt!
At least, that was my plan, anyway.
****
Chapter Fifty-Seven
Sean


She should not have this much control over you," Sean told himself, glancing at his reflection in the rearview mirror. He needed to calm himself down. Each and every day that had passed since Adeline Lanchester had taken her daughter and fled to Sleepy Hallow, was getting harder and harder to deal with. 
The anger was overbearing. 
The anger possessed him. 
The anger was so extreme that it was driving him to the brink of insanity.
And that was just it. It was Adeline who had taken My Little One away from me. It was not Luna who had been disobedient. It should be Adeline who is punished. It should be Adeline to whom my anger should be aimed, not Luna.
"No," Sean spoke to the wind coming in through the open window of his Cadillac. He envisioned it carrying his message through the air to his Little One. "Even after death, you will be mine." Sean stole another glance at the sapphire eyes that glanced back at him in the rearview mirror. Yes, they were his eyes, but he knew he shared them with a demon far greater than one he could ever be.
"We are coming, Little One," he said. He accelerated his Cadillac, heading west toward the mountains. According to his GPS, he was half way there.
"And I will fight you for her," spoke the demon within him. This time, Sean gave the eyes in the mirror a cold, hard look.
"And I will surely win!" Sean said, confidently.
He grinned, mischievously, ignoring the eyes that were watching him from the mirror, eyes that where now a copper blaze. "My lust for her grows deeper than yours, Demon. And that is a part of what makes me more powerful than you! A part."
Sean laughed. Then he settled into the seat more comfortably, for he knew there was a long drive ahead of him.
"Adeline will pay for what she has done. She will pay! Like Dammon had paid." Sean smiled, but the reflection in the mirror did not.
****


The end, for now.

****

Read on for an exciting preview of Shannon K Brown's next novel in the Saving Demons series, Warrior Rising.
Warrior Rising
Saving Demons Series
Book Two
Chapter One
Bane


Anger balled in my gut. It rose up and spewed from my lips.
"No!" I growled. My voice shot through the night like lightning through the sky.
And this was all I could do. Stew in this pathetic emotion humans call anger, as I perched on a high branch. The fact that I was angry at all only made me angrier. It should not have bothered me that Luna's life was about to spin out of control. It should not have bothered me that Aradia, Messiah of the witches, was here in Sleepy Hallow with my brother, Rune. It should not have bothered me that Rune's host, Sean Hylander, was on his way here, and that The Coven was gathering to determine Luna's fate.
"I am a demon! I am the first-born immortal angelic son of Lucifer! I am the prince of The Prince of the Powers of Air!" I ground out the words through clenched teeth.
How I ever came to care for the thirteenth daughter of the Lanchester bloodline was beyond me. It was hinder-some and arcane. Ludicrous, even, that I, son of Satan, felt anything other than hate and rage.
But I did care. And I did feel more than hate and rage. 
I felt love.
My wings unfurled, their primaries stabbing into the night air like daggers. I sprang to the sky, fueled by the intensity of these pejorative emotions.
The pernicious state My Lady Moon was about to be in angered me even more than did these silly emotions. I needed to find relief, no matter how temporary it would be.
And I knew exactly where I could find it. 
With heavy, hard strokes I streaked the sky with my stealthy form. My longing to go straight to Luna was nearly impossible to deny. But she weakened me. Now, especially now, I had to stay away from her. Rune was a powerful being. Even through the protective barrier of my mind, he was still capable of slipping into Luna's thoughts. I had to stay focused on her. With an unfaltering focus, nothing, not even my father, would have the power to penetrate the protective barrier I was capable of erecting around My Moon's mind.
Instead of following my instinctual pull to My Lady Moon's window, I passed her by and headed straight for the town that slept at the bottom of the mountain.
The need to satiate the fire that was burning inside of me, the hunger, the ancient, ever-present obsession for pain, had overtaken me. 
Now someone needed to die an excruciatingly painful death.
As I swept over the tree tops, eyes on the little dots of light that were coming from the street lamps in Sleepy Hallow, I thought of Isis Blackhawk. It had been too long since I had found relief, too long since I had ripped a body to shreds with my bare fingers.
An ambrosial taste of delight salivated on my tongue with the memory of Isis' blood, seasoned heavily with the scrumptious fear I had easily induced her with.
Fear was important. Fear was the drug that fed my addicted soul. It was a crucial element, when taking the life of a human.
"As if I have to remember," I grumbled to myself. The wind licked the words from my lips.
But I did have to remember, for My Lady Moon made me forget, at times, what I was.
"No, I shall never forget. And she shan't neither!"
But it was fear for my brother and his host, Sean Hylander, that My Lady Moon had possessed. She feared them more so than she feared me. And this was unacceptable.
"No! She shall fear only me!" I roared.
But she loved me. She should have felt no fear for me.
"Oh, but she should. And she will!"
A heartless beast, I was! Who was I to think  I knew anything about love?
I curved my wings stiff and firm into my sides. My eyes locked on to the girl in the park. Rosetta Randal. I did not have to see her to know that it was her. Rosetta sat here every Friday night, waiting for her secret lover. Tonight, though, her secret lover would not find her here.
Tonight, Rosetta Randal would feed my hungry soul!
She did not see me coming. I landed like a shadow in front of the park bench, where she was sitting. Of course, I could have killed her long before she saw me coming, but that lack of fear would have ruined the taste of her blood. I needed a whole lot more than Rosetta's initial shock of my appearance to satiate my hunger. Hell knew I needed a whole lot more than a hundred Rosetta Randals could have offered.
Surprise, laced with growing horror, filled Rosetta's eyes the instant she saw me. And it only made me hungrier than I already was. Before she could scream, I swooped her up into my arm and crushed her against me. One of her flimsy ribs broke with a cracking sound.
With a swooned Rosetta Randal dangling from my arm, quickly, impatiently, I took to the sky and flew back into the direction from which I came.
****

