~**~
A Rose by Any Other Name
 2003 By Nona Mae King
Inspired by Vincent Valentine,
and other characters from
Final Fantasy VII  SquareEnix

Published by Mintfield Books at Smashwords
Cover design by Nona Mae King

Discover other titles by Nona Mae King at Smashwords:
Fantasy:
To Save A Soul
Romance:
My Fair Princess
Searching for Sara
Fan-Fiction:
Bookworms and Booya (series)
Few Words
The Reluctant Knight
In Theory
Terra (series)

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to the site and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

~**~
Glossary of Characters:
Natalie Long--a socially awkward professor who studied under the famous Professor Gast and considered Lucrecia her mentor. A romantic who has long fantasized of curing Vincent Valentine from the unethical experimentations performed by Professor Hojo.
Vincent Valentine-- a dark, brooding, and sardonic man whose heart was numbed by a tragic love. Approximately thirty years before, whilst working as a Turk, Vincent fell in love with the scientist Lucrecia Crescent, who saved him after he had been shot.
Tifa Lockhart-- a childhood friend of Cloud and a skilled martial artist. one of the lead members of AVALANCHE and it is she who initially convinces Cloud to join them in their rebellion against Shinra.
Cloud Strife-- a mercenary employed by the eco-terrorist organization AVALANCHE, who claimed to be a former SOLDIER 1st Class.
Red XIII, aka Nanaki-- a powerful, intelligent member of an unnamed feline-esque species with the ability to speak.
Cid Highwind-- an airship pilot and the most uncouth of the group, constantly swearing, losing his temper and smoking cigarettes. He was part of Shinra's space program and was set to be the first man in outer space.
Yuffie Kisaragi-- the daughter of the leader of Wutai, who feels her country has lost its former glory and has become a resort town. She is prone to motion sickness and obsessively steals and collects Materia.
Barret Wallace-- the former leader of the eco-terrorist group AVALANCHE, opposed to Shinra's use of Mako technology. He is also the adoptive father of Marlene, the daughter of his dead friend, Dyne.
Sephiroth-- Recognized as the most powerful SOLDIER of all time, he rose to a prominent rank in the organization at an early age. After a traumatic incident in which he learned of what he assumed to be his true origins, he left SOLDIER and civilization altogether with plans to become a god-like entity by wounding Gaia with Meteor and absorbing the entirety of the Lifestream into himself.
Professor Hojo-- the head of Shinra's "Department of Science and Research" until he resigned. a scientist specializing in experimental genetics and frequently tested his work on sentient subjects without any regard for ethics. He led the project that created Sephiroth, injecting him with Jenova cells while he was still in Lucrecia Crescent's womb. When Vincent Valentine protested the experiments, Hojo shot and mortally wounded him.
Lucrecia Crescent-- a scientist for Shinra, and Sephiroth's mother. Whilst pregnant, she allowed both herself and the fetus to be injected with Jenova cells. Vincent was later assigned as a bodyguard to her scientific team, and he subsequently fell in love with her. Lucrecia went on to conceive Hojo's child for experimental purposes
Author's Note: The following is a work of Fan-Fiction based on the world and characters from the video game Final Fantasy VII by Square-Enix. Additional information about the game and characters can be found at Wikipedia.

A Rose by Any Other Name
I
A PLEA FOR SLEEP

"Let me sleep."
Natalie sat back from the coffin with a gasp--she set her rose lips into a thin line, pushing back the shoulder-length auburn curls as her green eyes sparkled. "I don't think so, Mr. Valentine. I've been looking for you too long to turn away now."
Natalie leaned forward to give the lid a tug, startling backward when the cover flew off to smash against the bedrock wall. It dropped onto one of the other crypts. She cringed and the sharp crack of splintering wood. A man clothed in black with a red cape rose from the coffin to perform a graceful back-flip midair before remaining suspended.
"Who are you?" He stared down at her, amber eyes aglow.
Natalie gulped, again brushing tousled curls from her face as her gaze swept over his raven black hair and partially hidden but handsome face. "I'm-- My name is Natalie Long." She sat up, stomach and soul leaping with the possibility . . . "Vincent? Vincent Valentine?"
An eyebrow twitched. "Why did you wake me?"
"I . . ." Natalie cleared her throat to fight back a giddy chuckle. "I have wanted to meet you a long time." She found herself hoping she didnt sound like a dull-witted fan-girl.
Vincent's expression didn't shift from still--almost haunted--disinterest. "Let me sleep. I must atone." With that, he completed a full somersault and disappeared into the black lacquered coffin. The lid clattered into place.
"Wait! Can we talk? I have questions!" Natalie scurried forward, clawing and tugging until the lid worked loose yet again. Again, it smacked against the wall with ferocity, though this time she jumped a bit less. When he rose from the coffin, his face belied strained irritation. "I don't mean to bother you, really, it's just . . . well . . . I wanted to ask some questions--"
"Your questions have no meaning for me. Go." Vincent withdrew.
Natalie scowled, long-fingered hands resting on slender hips. "For goodness sake." She stood and dusted off her jeans and pale-yellow, long-sleeved tee. "You could have the courtesy to allow a little more time to impress." But who was she to make a demand like that on a living legend? "Ah well. I suppose I will control my normal tenacity and irritating persistence and let you have your way. For now. However, I will introduce myself. As I said before, my name is Natalie Long. I'm a scientist. An archeologist, in practice. A lover of mysteries and challenges alike.
"As a child I loved hearing stories of buried treasure. It thrilled me to imagine I might actually solve a mystery and find a treasure, or something similar. That love grew to a fascination with histories of lost and unknown civilizations. In fact, I worked with the team that excavated Bone Village. I also participated in the cataloguing and stenciling of the Temple of the Ancients near Gongaga. Fascinating people. I truly enjoyed myself."
You do realize you are prattling like an agitated squirrel? Natalie pressed her lips into a thin line and stepped forward, as if she could distance herself from her own critical nature. She sat cross-legged in the center of the room, staring at the chipped and scarred lacquer of his coffin. "My reports and articles written on the project were popular. Selling thousands of copies, in fact."--Even if you do say so yourself?--"Maybe you have read one? In any case, they caught the eye of Shinra Corporation."
Natalie drew her knees to her chest. "That is the reason I'm here now--and no, I am not on their payroll. I never cared for fitting the corporate mold. Too stifling, and usually too many regulations to suit me. You might understand that." Wistful thinking, Nat. Arent you done singing your own praises in hopes hell take a peek? Natalies smile wavered.
She shook the negative aura free, her entire form shifting with the force of that action. "Sorry. Tangent. Where was I? Oh. Why I am here bothering you. Right. I am here at what people call 'Shinra Mansion' because of something I discovered about a scientist who used to work for that sprawling corporation. Gene splicing, interspecies breeding, DNA alteration, and forced experimentation to name but a few. True, much of it is unprecedented and what I would label bizarre, but I didn't want to simply dismiss what I heard. I am a scientist. Research is what we do."
Silence pressed at her, smothering her usual persistence and making her shift her position to ward off the uncertainty. She cleared her throat. Why did you do this Research? the silence seemed to ask. What pulled and tugged and consumed your interest, dragging you here? What desire forces you to spend more time with the dead than the living?
Natalie cleared her throat again, standing to yet again brush the dirt and dust from her pants and hands. "Research. Yes. I guess you could say that brought me here. That's why I wanted to talk to you. To ask questions. To find answers which Shinra seemed content to hide. To do my best to find the one answer I want."
The stark, silent coffin drew her gaze, and she barely withstood the urge to pry open that lid. "It took a lot of time and effort to find where they hid you. Their files have only just been declassified, which is how I discovered Shinra had--" Natalie pressed her lips together, dragging her gaze to the grimed and scratched toes of her hardy boots. "Shinra tossed you aside as if you had no importance at all. I suppose they never did see the worth of a person. They cared only for Mako and the money made from controlling its supply.
"Now that Shinra is no longer an issue, life is more bearable, at least in part. People have rediscovered their self-respect, and that attitude is spreading like wildfire. I suppose a helping factor is Mako production being outlawed, Materia hoarding taboo." A small smile relaxed her strained countenance. "Sorry. Tangent. I have a tendency toward running after those, headlong. Horrid habit. Where was I? Ah. Questions.
"I'm planning an article on the progress the planet has made since Materia was put back into the Lifestream. I would like to interview various people in order to gather that information. Not my favorite activity, but it's for a good cause. At least it will be over soon and I can venture to the fossilized remains they discovered outside Mt. Nibel. Maybe then I can concentrate more fully on my work? I already sent word to your friends, asking they come here to Nibelheim. I wanted to check up on their plans, see what and how they're doing, and see if I could help. I also hoped I could ask . . . well . . . I hoped I could ask some questions about you, and Hojo, and the experiments."
She cleared her throat, brushing at her arms which prickled and tingled with the rising oppression of the silence. "I know. A decidedly touchy subject, and I am sorry about that. I understand if you would rather not. I simply thought you should know why I was traipsing here and there, stomping around and bothering coffins and asking annoying questions." She willed an easy smile, determination causing an internal spark. "Thank you for listening, Mr. Valentine. I do appreciate that at the very least."
Natalie made her way to the door, opening it as quietly as possible--as if to preserve his slumber--and stepping through to close it as softly behind her. Before the last inch vanished, she whispered, "I will be back, Vincent. Sleep well."

II
PICNICS FOR THE SOUL

Natalie lay in bed, arms crossed when she wasnt picking at her pinkie fingernail. She had stared at the same pattern in the wooden roof for at least an hour in an attempt to convince herself not to venture to Shinra Mansion that morning. You were only just there, she reasoned. Do you want him to shape-shift and eat you? Which of course was ridiculous--not the shape-shift portion, but the threat of being eaten.
She squeezed her eyes tight and draped a bare arm across her face. The chill of her arm upon her flushed cheeks help rouse her. But, on the other hand, it cleared her mind for more dangerous admittances--her time in the basement relaxed her. No people. No noises, except for the calming drip of a leaky wall or the occasional creak of the roof. Even the sporadic scratching of the rats scurrying across the stone floor soothed her nerves. Natalie couldn't bear to stay away.
She rolled to her side, drawing her knees to her chest as she clutched the blankets. When she read about Vincent Valentine--Turk and glorified bully of Shinra Corporation--his misery and self-inflicted suffering mesmerized her. Well, as much as any young woman with dreams of romantic interludes. That, of course, stood as the reason for her vow of finding him. The only romantic fantasy she allowed. Everything else was school and work. The fact Vincents lover--Lucrecia--was the best friend of Natalie's high school science-teacher's sister served to feed the fantasy.
"And now you're on the closer side of 30 than 25," she mumbled. "You have no family, no adventure--except the one at present--and no beau waiting for your eventual return home." Wherever that might be.
Natalie tossed off the blankets and sat up, kicking her feet over the side of the bed to stare at her toes. "Nat, you are a silly woman." She released a quick breath. "Ah well. Might as well be off." She slid from the bed and navigated the piles of papers and books to the bathroom, towel in hand. Once out of the shower, she dressed in a fresh t-shirt and jeans while scolding herself for surrendering to her silly little fantasy.
"Leave me alone," she muttered.
She slipped into her jeans, struggled with her wool socks and hiking boots--scolded herself for not putting the socks on before her jeans--and then fought to restrain her damp curls into a ponytail. "Nat, think about this. Take a walk over to the excavation site past Mt. Nibel first. You have put it off, and you know you need to get yourself organized. Simply go to the basement for lunch, if you must go."
Natalie sighed and left the room. While she did allow a pause at the Shinra Mansion gate, she forced herself to continue down the trail toward Mt. Nibel. She shook her head, shrugging her shoulders as she stuffed her hands into her jean pockets.
She had always dreamed some dashing and rich history enthusiast would snatch her away to his castle, island, or wherever he called home. Other years she dreamed of marrying a love-starved soldier, convinced she could heal his heart if given the proper chance. Then, as with any hopeless romantic, there was the overwhelming desire to be swept off her feet by a super-hero type of man. The kind who chose a simple life with her instead of fame and fortune. She moaned and smacked her forehead.
There were so many fantasies . . . but the dream held closest was always that of finding Vincent. No one else seemed to care. If they had, would he still be hidden in the basement of a building no one wanted?
"And now I've found him!" Yes, but how would she persuade him from the box? Rose lips disappeared into a thin line. "I don't want to drive him further distant by visiting each day." Her chin tilted upward. "And I certainly don't want him believing I will run along as a good little girl each time he orders 'Go.' Turks respect tenacity over fluttering lashes."
She groaned, but continued doggedly toward her excavation site at Mt. Nibel. She finished a basic outline of the area, and then wrestled enough presence of mind to organize a pair of dig sites. But only an hour after leaving her room, she once again found herself at the gate of Shinra Mansion with a picnic basket in one hand and a thermos in the other. 
"A picnic with a coffin?" Natalie rolled her eyes as she pushed through the gate.
She navigated her way down the cobbled walkway, through the empty entryway, up the stairs to the second story, through the room on the right wing, and into the chamber with the 'secret entrance' to the spiral staircase. She pressed on the appropriate switch to open the door, carefully descended the rickety wooden stairs, and then proceeded down the earthy hallway to the sturdy wooden door of the room where Vincent Valentine had been hidden away.
Natalie took in a deep breath as she reached out to open the door. The rusted, rotten, and rickety door which represented Shinra's disdain for the value of a human life. It creaked open. She slipped inside and pressed the door closed, leaning against the rough surface before pushing herself forward. His coffin remained tightly aloof, and Natalie decided to leave it that way. At least until he is more familiar with me, she reasoned. Then I will try again.
"I needed to get away from people"--What people?--"so . . . I brought tuna-fish for lunch." Natalie set the basket on the ground a few feet from the scarred coffin and knelt, trembling fingers retrieving a sandwich. "I have extra."
She grimaced, giving an immediate shiver at a return of the oppressive silence. A shrug of her shoulders sloughed it aside, freeing her to peruse the musty bleakness of the crypt while nibbling on her sandwich. She washed it down with grape juice from the inn's kitchen--she glared down at the lid-cup with a wrinkle of her nose. "Not as tart as I like, but I suppose it is better than water."
Setting aside her sandwich remains, she dusted crumbs from her hands and gestured behind her. "People say this basement should be closed off as a danger." She shrugged. "I like it. Of course, old houses and tombs are where I feel most comfortable." Natalie sipped again from the cup, casting his coffin a sidelong glance. "You would tell me I was being an annoyance before eating me, wouldn't you?"
Silence.
"No one has accused me of talking too much but, then again, the social aspect of society has never been my reason for being near people. They were team members helping uncover a mystery. That was always the extent of the relationship." She tapped the lip of the cup and then set it aside. "I catalogued. I deciphered and translated. I researched recent discoveries of Professor Gast regarding the Ancients and the Promised Land, or Hojo's latest breakthrough in the realm of genetic engineering. Then there were articles prepared for publication in the local scientific digest--Shinra-owned, of course. Where was I to find the time for socialization, fraternization, or anything even remotely similar." Natalie shrugged. "None of my colleagues ever offered to meet after hours or on weekends for coffee or drinks, so I suppose my lack of a clique of acquaintances cannot be entirely my fault."
Excuses, Nat? Really? She cleared her throat. "Of course, I don't believe I would have taken the opportunity even if they extended an invitation. People and I generally don't do well together. Whether it's my tendency towards tactlessness, or a dislike of speaking in front of strangers, I don't know. Writing articles, essays, or the like is much easier for me. I usually don't know what to say to an actual person. Unless I have notes there in front of me, of course." Or a scarred black coffin showing no signs of life nor interest. She released a deep breath. "I am sorry, Vincent. All the way here I kept telling myself it wasn't the brightest idea I had today, but the voice of reason seldom sways my mind in anything. So, here I am, annoying you with my rambling while not allowing you a moment's peace."
Natalie packed up her picnic with agonized deliberation. If she could have persuaded her mouth to stop moving, she would have felt better about simply lingering in the crypt with notes and books. But the moment she stepped into the room she couldn't stop blathering.
Her hand clutched the insulated jug of grape juice as she set it in the basket. "Have you . . . have you thought over the possibility of allowing an interview?" The coffin drew her gaze, but there was no movement. "If you rather a private interview before the others arrive, I can arrange that. If not, I can be in my room at the inn most of the day, although I do need to go to the ruins by Mt. Nibel. Organizing and planning, you understand. You are more than welcome to stop by whenever you have a free moment--at either Mt. Nibel or my room at the inn, of course. That way I could at least let you know when everyone plans on arriving."
Natalie forced a grasp of her basket and pushed herself to her feet. "I might not return until day after tomorrow, preparing for the interview you see, but I will try to drop in now and again to at least say 'hi'. It sounds ridiculous, I know, but I like it here. Must, dust, gloom and all."
She cast the box a wistful look, immediately giving herself a mental shake. Come along, Nat. Walk away without a flare of the melodramatic. So she did, closing the door carefully behind her while whispering, "I will be back, Vincent. Rest well."
Out of the basement, up the staircase, and out of the Mansion she shuffled, all the while nagged by a dusting of gloom. Being away from the crypt for a few days would be good for her. Impatience had always been her virtue, and that would never mesh well with Vincent Valentine. Natalie worried her lower lip--pinching it between two fingers as was her habit--while pausing at the gate to glance back toward the Mansion. Then she let fly a fast breath and trudged toward the inn.
She didn't notice the careful observance of the shadow at the second-story window.
III
ROMANTIC INTERLUDES

Too early the next morning, Natalie found herself staring at the same stretch of wooden ceiling above her bed. The few questions she scratched onto a somewhat trail-worn piece of paper the previous night were last on her mind, now forgotten on the table across the room. Instead, her mind worked relentlessly at designing the best way to persuade Vincent Valentine from his coffin.
"All these years . . . I can't simply let him slip away. Can I?" Natalie covered her flushed face with cool hands. It was his life and, therefore, his choice. The choice had been offered up, and now Natalie could only wait. It was the waiting she most despised, especially when she had no control over the end result.
Natalie dropped her arms to her sides. "Bother." She pushed herself from the bed and dressed, exiting her room without even casting a disparaging glance at the list of questions scratched out for the requested interview. She retraced her steps from inn to Mansion to basement without a thought. Then she opened the door of Vincent's sanctuary, pressing it slowly and softly closed. She rested her forehead against the rough wood. She didn't notice a slight shift of the coffin lid.
She fisted her hands, releasing a calming breath before forcing herself to turn. But she couldn't persuade a forward step. Another invasion, Nat? This was his sanctuary, and yet she continued to thrust herself into the silence. She slumped against the door, staring at the black box. "I cannot believe I am having a romantic interlude with a coffin," she mumbled. People had often accused her of being on the odd side, but a coffin? She chuckled in spite of herself.
"Good morning, Vincent. I know it is too early to encroach on you, and I am sorry about that." She stepped forward, clenching her hands behind her back. "But the quiet of your sanctuary draws me. It reminds me of those places excavated. Places where I felt comfortable. Where I truly felt safe enough to be myself." A smile smoothed away the creases of her forehead. She knelt at the foot of the coffin. "I suppose your coffin is why I feel comfortable enough to talk to you." Although she would rather speak with him rather than at him.
"I . . . I really am sorry, Vincent. It isn't my intention to bother you. I just needed some quiet this morning before the bustle began in town. That and I'm fretting about an interview I coordinated with your traveling companions. It will help that they consider you a friend, but it will still involve conversations with live people. Not my strong suit." Natalie cleared her throat, guilt for the continued interruptions to his privacy began to rankle at her. But the silence which settled over her was no longer the suffocating stillness of previous visits. It felt simple, and the fact settled Natalie's nerves.
Her retreated to the crease of coffin and ground, watching with disinterest as a beetle trudged from one side to the other. "I did this all the time when at top-secret archeological digs, snuck away to a remote portion of the project and relished the isolation." She nudged the beetle away from her knee with a single finger as memories resurfaced. "The Cetra burial rooms were so simple yet full of intricate detail. Lovely. A person could tell great care had gone to the arrangement and design of every facet of the tomb. They were so very gifted. They knew where they were destined once they passed from this existence, and they chose to celebrate the going."
Natalie flushed, pressing cool hands against her cheeks. "There I go again, my mouth running like a waterfall. Talking about archaeology always opens the floodgates. I suppose one could say it's a passion I don't share with anyone. I mean, to others it's odd to be so enthralled with an extinct race. Telling someone I find myself at tombs and crypts several times a day sounds more insane than professional. At least, that's what I assume from the looks I get. But I can't help simply gazing at the creativity within those Cetra tombs and temples. It inspires me to stretch out, beyond myself, and delve deeper into what interests me. Their passion seems to influence those in direct contact with them."
The scarred box once more drew her focus. "They were such an interesting people. You could tell by the work they left behind--gorgeous--and so . . . calming. I felt safe in those tombs, so I would talk for hours on whatever bothered me that day. Is it silly to feel they helped me make decisions I otherwise wouldn't have considered? Their presence soothed, so, I suppose that is why I find myself here now."
The fact you doubt he will ever step out doesn't come into play? She shoved the thought aside.
"Now, I miss those days of talking on whatever came to mind. Lately I have been so pre-occupied researching Hojo's experiments, things have bottled up. I . . . thank you for letting me prattle. I know you haven't exactly had much of a choice in the matter, but I thought I should thank you regardless."
She flicked a pebble. "I suppose I should go. There is a lot more prep-work for the interviews." Natalie stood and shuffled to the door, casting another glance toward the coffin before pulling the door closed with a slow, deep breath and a whispered, "I'll see you later."
She navigated her way out of the Mansion and meandered toward the inn on the far side of Nibelheim.
"Excuse me? Are you Natalie Long?" A tall woman with a tone physique and long brunette hair approached. The woman's buxom figure made Natalie self-conscious about her own lack of curves. She shoved it aside. It was pointless to regret something she could never change.
Natalie accepted the woman's outstretched hand. "I am. What can I do for you?"
"I'm Tifa Lockhart. I got a message you wanted to do some sort of interview."
"Ah! Yes. Come with me. I have a room at the inn. Have you eaten?"
"Yes. Thanks." Tifa fell into step beside Natalie. "What kind of interview?"
"Regarding the planet. You and the others have done some incredible work, and I wanted to start marking the progress."
"That would be more Red or Barret's department. Have you gotten an interview set up with them?"
"Barret, yes. Last evening, in fact. But Red?" Natalie frowned. I don't know. The name doesn't sound familiar.
"He's a . . . err . . . Well, he looks a lot like a . . . um . . . . His grandfather was one of the Elders in Cosmo Canyon. Bugenhagen."
"Oh! Nanaki." Natalie opened the door of the inn to usher Tifa inside. "Yes. He's coming tomorrow afternoon. So are Barret and Cid."
"You've got the whole gang coming."
"Well, I couldn't reach Yuffie or Reeve. I haven't heard anything from Cloud, either."
Tifa flushed. "Cloud's coming to Nibelheim later this week, if you don't mind waiting. He needed to pack up some of his stuff at Aeris's. I don't know where Yuffie went. I suppose you already checked Wutai?"
Natalie led Tifa upstairs to her room. "Yes. No one seems to know where she is. That's fine, though. The others will likely provide enough information." She motioned to the table set up in the middle of the room. "Make yourself comfortable." She retrieved her pen and paper--computers being banned until an environmentally safe power source could be found--and scrawled a few notes. "I appreciate this, Ms. Lockhart."
She laughed. "Please. It's Tifa."
Natalie smiled. "Tifa." And the ease of the conversation amazed her. Tifa Lockhart was an utter stranger, and a hero besides! I wonder if Vincent felt the same? The possibility intrigued her, and she had to fight the urge to inquire. Natalie cleared her throat and tapped her pen on the paper. Nat, focus or the interview will be a disaster!
"All right. Now, could you maybe outline exactly what you and the others have planned to bring the planet back to normal?"
Tifa leaned her forearms on the table. "Like I said before, Red's the big planner. We just do what he and Barret tell us to."
I wonder how involved Vincent is--Natalie shoved the thoughts away with an almost visible motion. "Could you give some examples?"
"Examples? You mean of what they tell us to do?"
Natalie gave a nod, still grappling with her focus. "Exactly." Would Vincent care one way or the other? Would he help because any act that countermands Shinra's involvement is a type of revenge?
"Well . . ." Tifa cupped her chin in her hand. "Let's see. They told us to gather all the Materia we'd been using and put it in the Lifestream, for one."
"Right. I have note of that." Vincent spent so much time surrounded by Materia because of his time with Shinra, he likely had some thought on that subject --Nat! She frowned and nodded, jotting short-hand notes onto the paper. "Go on."
"Then we gathered a bunch of seedlings from the church where Aeris lived and planted them in the most fertile areas around Midgar."
I wonder if Vincent helped with any of the flowers? She nearly giggled. Flowers? No, probably not--Natalie! She sighed, setting down her pen to rub her forehead.
"What's wrong?"
She shook her head and leaned back in her chair, concentrating in order to focus her gaze on Tifa's concerned expression. "I am sorry. It seems I'm not ready to do this right now."
"I can come back with the others. It is kind of early." Tifa made a move to stand
"Wait. May I ask you a question about someone?"
"Sure." She returned to her seat.
"It's about Vincent."
Tifa raised an eyebrow. "Vincent? What about him?"
"You know he returned to the basement of Shinra Mansion. Right?"
"I figured that's where he went. After all, that's where we found him." When Natalie didn't respond, Tifa tilted her head. "He's all right, isn't he?"
"In all honesty, I hoped you could tell me that answer." Natalie picked at a fingernail. "Has he always hidden himself away like that? Does he never come out?"
"Well, he felt responsible for a lot of things, and sleeping in the coffin was his way of punishing himself. When we asked for his help, he only did it because it was another way to make things right. I don't understand why he still feels like he has to punish himself. Hojo was the one responsible. Of course, we never did understand Vincent. He stayed so quiet about his personal life."
Natalie lowered her gaze. "I noticed."
Tifa stood, smoothing some imaginary wrinkles from her tight jeans. "Did you want to do this tomorrow, or when Red and Cid get here?"
"I suppose we should wait until the others arrive. That would be easiest." Natalie sent Tifa a small smile. "I appreciate it."
"Don't worry about it. I'll see you later." Tifa left the room.
"Snap out of it, Nat." She shuffled to the window looking out on the well in the center of Nibelheim. "This isn't like you at all. Does life end at the gate of Shinra Mansion! Pull yourself together!" She took in a deep breath and released it slow, repeating the exercise several times. "That's better. Now, why don't you take a moment and relax." Natalie pulled a book off the shelf from the bookcase beside the window. She made her way to her bed.
"DNA Alteration and the Jenova Project, by Professor Hojo." Natalie lay back with a grimace. "This is to help me relax?" She slammed the tome closed and dropped it onto the floor. Her arm seemed a leaden weight as she brought it to cover her eyes. "You're just tired. Take a nap." She shifted to her side, wrapping her arms around herself as she let her mind fade to the dreams that would take her where she did and did not want to go . . . .
. . . . Natalie took in a deep breath before opening the door. She didn't look at his coffin as she entered the room. I can't. I know what he will say. If he does . . . how will I say 'no'? Instead, she kept her back toward the room and closed the door. Both palms pressed against the cold wood once it clicked shut. She stood still for several moments, wanting him to come closer . . . wanting him to stay in the coffin . . . . Why couldn't this be easier? Why did it need to happen like this?
"You seem upset. What is it?" a gentle baritone voice asked. 
"Nothing."
Natalie heard the satin rustle of his cape as he shifted from where he leaned against his coffin. Oh dear god. He's coming closer. I can't. Don't, Vincent. Please-- He enfolded her arm in a gentle grip and turned her to face him, lifting her chin with a single finger. She held that amber gaze and he . . . smiled? Her insides numbed, her knees weakening as a spark shot out from her very soul to each and every facet of her body.
"You look lovely today."
"Thank you." She continued to look up into those glowing eyes, her firm resolution fading. "Vincent, we need to talk."
He raised an ebony eyebrow. "About?"
"About us."
"Ah. Us." Vincent caressed her cheek. Natalie's throat tightened. "And what needs to be said that has such fear glowing in those lovely green gems?"
"I can't see you anymore."
His eyes twinkled with amusement, his lips tilted in the caress of another smile. "You've said so before, and yet you always return. Why are you afraid of me?" Vincent examined her expression with those seductive amber eyes that seemed to see everything. "Ah. I see. You are afraid of yourself."
Natalie pulled away, escaping to the area of his coffin, her arms tight around her. "It just wouldn't work, Vincent. I care about you, yes, but . . . ."
He waited a moment before prompting "But what?" as he moved closer.
"I don't know. I'm just so afraid."
Vincent caressed her neck with a solitary finger, the caress of his whisper a warmth against her ear. "It is not wrong to be afraid."
She shook her head as she attempted to turn away again, but he held her in a firm yet tender grasp. When he turned her toward him, his expression was painfully clear in meaning. He leaned in to caress her lips with his.
"I have waited for someone," he whispered, his lips a mere breath from hers. "Do not leave me to the darkness."
A soft whimper tore her throat as she wrapped her arms around his neck, the pressure of his lips deepening as she responded--
--Natalie jerked to a sitting position with a choked sob, bringing trembling hands up to ward off the imagery. The dream had come before, but never so clear. His eyes had never been so real, nor his expression so defined. She groaned. "Why did you need to find him? The fantasies would have faded if you hadn't done that!" Her determination had never before become her torturer.
She sniffed, brushing away the tears before tumbling from the bed. She staggered her way to the window and leaned against the sill, staring toward Shinra Mansion with burning eyes. How could she have let this happen?
She tossed her head of curls. "I know it's impossible. I know it's foolish, and pathetic, and god knows what else, but it happened. I let myself get emotionally entangled with a research project--" She winced. "Project, Nat?" She slumped onto the floor, her head dropping until her chin touched her chest. "He is no more a project than the Cetra tombs are simple ruins. And don't try distancing yourself from him now. It is simply too late to change the fact you care."
All he would need to do was smile her general direction and she would likely offer to have his baby. Natalie smacked her forehead and allowed a reluctant smile. She doubted she would ever be that ridiculous, but it felt better to laugh than bawl her head off.

IV
THE INTERVIEW

The next day Natalie gave herself explicit instructions to stay in her room and outline questions and allowable tangents for the interview. Considering her distraction level due to the poignant clarity of the previous day's dream, that became quite a feat. Lunch was delivered and then the door remained firmly closed, as did her mind in regards to any thoughts of Vincent Valentine.
The day of the interview, Natalie set out extra chairs, double-checked her supply of pens and paper, tracked down her list of questions for the different people scheduled to be present that day, and then sat back with a collection of science and archaeology magazines as she waited for them to arrive. Natalie found herself hoping they were all as easy to talk to as Tifa.
She heard awful things about Barret, everyone on the planet knew he had led the anti-Shinra group AVALANCHE, but she wasn't one to make harsh judgments. Considering her own challenges in the social realm, it seemed better to give everyone the benefit of the doubt. In some ways more than others. Her thoughts drifted to Vincent for the first time in nearly 36 hours--
A crash shot her from her seat, her magazine cascading to the floor as her gaze fell to a man at the entrance of her room kneeling over a broken vase. "Heavens. You scared me to death," she said, a hand still pressed to her chest.
The man with the spiked blond hair cast her a grimace. "Sorry about that. I caught it with my scabbard." He finished chucking the glass shards into the nearby waste basket and slowly straightened, offering her his hand when he stepped forward. "The name's Cloud. Strife. I heard you were looking for me."
"Nice to meet you, finally, though Tifa said you wouldn't be here for a couple more days."
Cloud smiled. "She doesn't know I'm here yet. It's a surprise."
"Oh." Natalie gestured to one of the many chairs situated around her small table. "Have a seat. We can start now if you like."
"Could we wait?"
"That's fine." It didn't matter to her one way or the other since she would continue to be isolated in her room when she would rather be in a musty old basement. She gave herself a mental shake. She couldn't sound more pathetic.
Cloud sat in one of the chairs, kicking it back to prop his feet on the table. "So, do you like doing these kinds of things?"
"Interviews?" Natalie grimaced as she sat in the chair opposite. "No. Definitely not." I like basements and coffins and other things forgotten.
"Then why do them?"
She shrugged, self-conscious at his continued examination. "Science sometimes demands we do what we would rather not. Besides, I hope the article sells well. I need the gil." Natalie cleared her throat. On the other hand, she entertained a sneaking suspicion she used the interview to discover information about Vincent she knew he wouldn't tell her himself.
Cloud smiled. "That's how I got involved with Barret in the first place. Gil. He had it. I needed it. He needed help. Bam! Volunteered for a job blowing up a reactor."
"It certainly sounds exciting, if a little dangerous." Vincent would have loved it.
"I didn't really care about the danger, but I'm glad it's over. The most dangerous thing I have to worry about these days is a paper cut." He smiled. "And pissing Tifa off."
Natalie's mind groaned to a halt. "You two are . . . together?"
"For now."
She arched an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"
"I want to give her a choice. She's still her own person. I just don't want her to think I'm making her choose me over her own freedom. We've both gone through a lot together. It's just natural we'd end up here." He smiled. "I hoped we would."
Natalie looked down at her paper with an absent nod. "That's wonderful." Sickeningly so.
"Who else we expecting?"
"Nanaki. Barret. Tifa, obviously. Cid." Natalie perused her list, agonizing over the one name she wanted to see: Vincent.
"What about Vincent? I haven't heard from him since we won against Sephiroth."
Natalie's grip tightened on her pen. "I don't know about him or Yuffie. I couldn't get in contact with her."
"And Vincent?" Cloud asked again. "You know he's right here at Shinra Mansion, don't you?"
Natalie nodded, and she could feel the blood drain from her face. "Yes. Yes, I knew that." He didn't acknowledge her existence but yes, she knew.
"Did you send him an invite? Did you want me to do it for you? He doesn't talk much, but we got along pretty good together."
I'm sure you thought so, but did he? Natalie cast him a reluctant smile. "No. It's fine. I have enough to handle with the five of you." I need the time away from him. You wouldn't understand, and that's fine, too.
"Just wondering."
"Hello, Cloud. It's nice to see you after such a long time."
Natalie and Cloud looked toward the door.
"Hey there, Red. How've you been?" Cloud asked, smiling.
Nanaki, the lion-like creature fondly known as Red, came to sit beside Cloud. He tucked his tail around his forepaws. "Quite well, thank you. Yourself?"
"Keeping busy." Cloud gestured to Natalie. "This is Natalie Long. Natalie, this is Red . . . err . . . Nanaki."
"Hello." Natalie had to fight the urge to scratch behind his velvety soft ears. "It's very nice to finally meet you. I've read all your articles, as well as those of your grandfather. Brilliant. Fascinating."
Red nodded his head, and he almost seemed to smile at her. "Thank you very much."
"Sorry I'm late."
Cloud stood, sending Tifa a grin. "Surprise."
"Cloud!" Tifa threw herself forward and into his arms, which quite nearly made them both topple backward. "I thought you weren't going to be here until the end of the week!"
Natalie gulped and lowered her eyes. The outline on the paper before her blurred.
"I packed faster." Cloud pulled back and urged her to take his seat, which she did. "I guess it's just Barret and Cid now."
"No, it's just Barret."
They all looked to the entrance of the quickly filling room to send the ruggedly handsome engineer a smile. He took a puff of his cigarette while he swaggered in. He collapsed into the nearest chair, beside Natalie.
She offered a hand. "Hello, Mr. Highwind. My name's Natalie Long. I'm doing the interview."
"Well I didn't think any of these damned numbskulls would be doing it," he retorted as he firmly shook it.
Natalie blinked in surprise, but the others simply laughed. She allowed a smile, somehow at ease among these strangers that were such close friends. How much more so had Vincent felt this same welcome? He spent weeks and months with them in order to save the planet.
"I really appreciate your time. All of you."
"It's no problem," Cid said gruffly.
The others repeated much the same sentiment.
"Very well. I suppose we might as well begin. There is no point making you all wait. I'm sure Mr. Barret will be here as soon as he can." And Vincent?
Cloud sat in the chair beside Tifa, kicking back and draping one of his arms along the back of her chair. Every so often he would caress her back with a solitary finger. "Don't bet on it. He's been awfully busy getting everybody situated with enough seedlings and starter plants. He could've forgotten about the whole thing."
Tifa laughed. "Cloud, come on. Barret forget a responsibility? That would be like Yuffie forgetting where a stash of Materia was in the old days."
"Hey. There's a first time for everything."
They all conceded the point with a laugh and then talked amongst themselves as they relived myriad of past adventures with "do you remember when"s and "wasn't it funny when"s. Natalie watched their interactions with a bright, keen interest. How did Vincent react such a wide variety of people? Did he feel lost? Overwhelmed? Accepted? There were so many questions to ask the lonely soul tucked away in a distant basement.
"What exactly is your plan?" Natalie finally asked. They all focused on her. She shifted in her seat and forced herself to remain seated. "For rescuing the planet," she added. "What's the plan? Anyone?"
They all exchanged glances before Red cleared his throat with a husky purr. "It's not necessarily a plan, per say, but the only course of action we see available."
"How did you reason out what to do?"
"It was kind of simple," Tifa spoke up timidly. "Mako and Materia were actually the planet's life. Once we knew that, it seemed obvious we needed to give it back. That's why we put it in the Lifestream."
"And the machinery?" Natalie asked Cid.
"Machinery before used Mako. It's my job to find out how to make them use either solar energy or something else, just as long as it doesn't detract from the planet's energy or poison the atmosphere." He grumbled under his breath a moment or two. "I tell ya, I don't have many god-damn options open to me at the moment."
Natalie restrained a smile at the outburst. I wonder what Vincent's reaction was to you, Mr. Highwind. He more than likely gave the Turk no end of amusement. "Have any of you noticed any changes in the ecosystem?"
"Yeah," Cloud said. "The sky's different. The grass is greener, too. And there seem to be more animals around then before."
"The kids look healthier," Tifa volunteered.
Natalie nodded. "Yes. I've noticed that. The people have a healthier, more positive attitude." Maybe Vincent just needed time.
"Of course," said a loud voice. "They've got damn good air to breathe!"
All of them turned, hailing Barret with an enthusiastic greeting as he stomped into the room with his adopted daughter, Marlene, perched upon his shoulders.
"I'm so glad you could make it Mister--"
"The name's Barret," he interrupted.
Natalie offered him her seat. He declined and, instead, leaned against the bookcase after depositing Marlene on the bed.
"So let's get this interview moving," he barked. "I've got a lot of work to do, and there's no stopping this train we're on."
They all laughed, and Natalie surrendered to another smile.
V
THE PROFOUND IN A SIMPLE 'HELLO'

Natalie leaned out the window as far as possible in order to catch a fuller glimpse of Shinra Mansion. Two full days passed since her last visit. She worked as fast as humanly possible to finish the bulk of the article, allowing herself the reward of visiting the Mansion as soon as she considered the article 75% complete. Thankfully, she finished the second draft that morning. All that remained was a final check of her outline, the references, and then a thorough read-through to catch any glaring--or not so glaring--errors.
Now, Natalie fled the room, a silly sense of anticipation making her heart flutter as she rushed down the stairs. She grabbed up the picnic lunch ordered that morning and hurried outdoors. The sun shone, and it must have been the loveliest day in her memory. She filled her lungs with the clear, warm air before altering her course to Shinra Mansion.
She nodded to the locals on the way, offering greetings and observations of the weather as she passed. Quite a few returned pleasantries, while others gave a blink of surprise before stammering a reply. Natalie shrugged it off, her hand gripping the welcome cold of the wrought iron gate before pushing it open further and hurrying inside.
The Mansion had grown to become a part of her daily routine. A place to unwind and gather thoughts. Natalie smiled wide, her steps instinctual from room to chamber to hidden passage and spiral stairway. She knew each creak and shudder. Every groan and tremor. When she arrived at the door to Vincent's sanctuary, she pushed it open with a smile. Everything looked blissfully old and decrepit.
Natalie closed the door behind her and set the picnic basket on the floor to her right. "Good afternoon, Vincent. It seems forever and a day since I made it down here last, doesn't it?" Natalie freed a rolled blanket from the top of the basket as she spoke, spreading it out at the foot of his coffin. "A couple times I thought I would crawl out of my skin if I didn't escape from the people and the article, but I muddled my way through somehow. And, you know, I am quite glad I did. The second draft is complete now, and I can breathe easier."
Natalie sat, positioning the basket in front of her. "It's the initial organization of an essay or article which pains me so. Tendency to ramble, you understand. Once I finish the rough draft, the project is so much easier to complete." She retrieved her insulated jug of juice. "And I do believe I have finally decided to buy this mansion. My article is bound to bring in enough gil to cover the down payment. The thought of this building being torn down is simply unacceptable! It shouldn't take much to repair, even if I don't perform those myself. You see, I don't know the first thing about construction. I am more of the destruction type. Understand how something was built by taking it apart? That way it's easier to understand the people who built it."
Natalie smiled as she reached forward to unpack her usual tuna sandwich. "The safest idea for this mansion would be to hire someone." She took a bite of her sandwich and then pointed at Vincent's coffin with it. "Don't you think the people of Nibelheim will be willing to sell it at a reasonable price? It's becoming a bit of an eyesore, unfortunately. That surprised me, too. I mean," she swallowed, "this building has such potential. It could be a school, or a clinic, or even a research facility."
Silence continued, and it didn't settle very well with Natalie's appetite. She adjusted her hold on her sandwich, staring down at it as she released a deep breath.
"The interview went well," she said after clearing her throat. "Your friends are extremely easy to speak with, which surprised me. I have never been adept at conversations and interactions." Natalie chuckled. "Yes, I know I seem to chew your ear off easily enough, but there is a clear difference. You are in that box, and I am safely outside. Ignored, or seemingly so. Besides, I would like to believe we have a few things in common. Perhaps that helps." You do realize you confessed to wishful thinking right then?
Natalie put her sandwich away. "We both knew Lucrecia. I don't think I told you that."--Are you truly this desperate for his attention? But it was only a white lie.--"I didn't know her that well, but I could tell I would have liked her. Unfortunately, we didn't have an opportunity to talk. She was usually busy with something for Shinra." Natalie frowned as she picked at the blanket. "Shinra. I am so glad Rufus and his father burned. They were asses both!" She sighed. "Although I suppose I shouldn't swear."
"Why not?"
Natalie gasped and fell back. Vincent hovered midair above the coffin, those amber eyes as cool as she remembered. "H-Hi." Wow, Nat. Real smooth.
Vincent regarded her for a long moment before gracefully descending to stand opposite her. She offered him her sandwich. He gave a single shake of his head, his long ebony hair shifting with the movement. Instead, he lowered himself onto the blanket across from her, legs and arms crossed. Natalie watched in growing horror. Her fantasy was coming true, and she handled the fact with about as much grace as an addle-brained child.
Vincent continued to examine her with those piercing eyes. "I was under the impression you did not work for Shinra."
Natalie blinked. He listened? She flushed, her gaze retreating to her sandwich as she attempted to return it to its plate. Breathe, Nat. Breathe and you will be fine. "They funded the digs."--thank god her voice didn't squeak--"They always did have their fingers in as many pies as possible." She ventured a quick glance in time to see his expression shift to a curious light of--
"Then how did you know Lucrecia?"
Natalie cleared her throat. "She was the best friend of my high-school teacher's sister." She grimaced. "I know. It sounds quite the adventurous involvement. But, in my defense, my teacher kept us up-to-date about projects Lucrecia was involved in. I think one of the highlights of my day was hearing her latest adventure. Lucrecia had the life I wanted. She was actively involved in research, and could study whatever she wished. That was what I wanted to have as soon as I was out of school." Natalie sighed. "I wish we could have talked."
Vincent said nothing, and she could almost feel the intense examination of those amber eyes.
Natalie worried her lower lip. "That was how I first heard of you."
Vincent's eyebrow twitched.
"The stories my teacher told fascinated me," she confessed, "so I did more research. That led to my discovery of Hojo and his experiments with DNA manipulation and alteration, which is what I believe he did to you. I dug up as many articles as I could on Hojo and his experiments, until I discovered the information about this Mansion and the basement . . ." Something in his expression shifted. Natalie pinched her bottom lip with guilt. "I wanted to meet you, so, I suppose I didn't consider whether or not you wished visitors. I am sorry. I never meant to invade your privacy."
"Why would you want to meet me?"
"Call me a romantic?" The ludicrousness of it invited a smile.
"Why?"
Natalie laughed. "And I thought I asked a lot of questions." He didn't comment. "You, Mr. Valentine, are a mystery. As a scientist and archaeologist, I love mysteries. That's what I do. Not only that, you are a bit of a tortured soul."
His jaw clenched.
Natalie's smile quivered and died. "I . . . . I didn't mean to plow over you. People are not my forte. Well, actually, civilizations are one of my focuses, but socializing with live persons is quite different. Speaking of which, would you be interested in seeing the new fossils discovered up Mt. Nibel? They haven't completed the equipment setup, that isn't due for another couple of days, so it should be rather quiet." Nat! You're rambling--
"How do you understand what Hojo did to me?"
Natalie blinked, switching off the vocal section of her brain in order to process the question for an intelligent reply. "In all honesty, that is a harder question to answer than you might realize, though only because I don't know quite how to explain. Whenever I didn't understand an article, I pulled the reports and articles mentioned in the notes and researched them myself. Then, if they were a matter of record, I would pull the itemized notes which followed their experiments, though that didn't happen often. Most of the time the information clicked, like a collection of puzzle pieces falling into place."
"Is it reversible?" The intensity of the question made her feel as if his very essence leaned forward for the answer.
Natalie swallowed several mouthfuls of her juice to steady her heart and nerves. "I have asked myself that same question quite a few times. Only, unfortunately, I haven't had enough experience to know one way or the other. DNA manipulation is still so experimental that I don't dare hazard a guess. My specialty was always historic, not genetic or cellular."
Put aside the fact that she figured out what Hojo did, she knew she would like never discover the way to put him back to normal. "I don't have the expertise, the research ability, or the field experience." She sighed, eyes focused sole on the dance of the grape juice with the glass. "I wish I could say 'yes' with any amount of truth or certainty, but I can't. I wouldn't want to lie to you."
"In other words, you have thought of the possibility before."
"So many times," she sighed. "As I said before, your entire history has fascinated me. The minute I discovered what Hojo had done, I toyed with the idea of reversing the effects. One problem: I don't have the facility for experimentation Hojo did. I doubt I ever shall, now that Shinra is wiped off the face of the planet. No other place has their type of advanced equipment."
"That isn't true."
Natalie met his guarded amber gaze. "What do you mean?"
"Shinra has a laboratory within the basement of this Mansion. Cloud will know where it is."
Natalie blinked. "A laboratory? Here? Really?" She smiled and pressed her hands together to keep from launching herself into an embrace. "Do you know how many years I have fantasized of my own lab?" Something akin to amusement flickered across Vincent's features for the briefest instant. Natalie flushed. "Ah. Yes. Scientists and their foolish passions, but I have toyed with an idea of something which might work for simply ages. Can you imagine my frustration when I couldn't try it out? For you to say there's a lab . . . It's so exciting!"
"An idea?"
Natalie's excitement faded, her gaze drawn to his handsome face and the slender, arched eyebrow. "I didn't mean to say that aloud." Are you sure about that? "It was just a silly notion I had once. One of my crazy romantic imaginings of grandeur and heroic rescue. It may not even be plausible . . . ." She slouched. Now I raised your hopes.
"Hope? Why would I believe there was hope for me?"
And his features revealed nothing more than his usual coolness, as distant as when she first saw him. "How--Never mind. Um, if you--Never mind that either." Natalie pinched her lower lip, and then forced herself to stand. He watched her, those long-fingered hands yet resting upon the knees. Did anyone look as compelling in black and red? "Cloud and Tifa are walking around Mt. Nibel today and won't be back until later this evening. Would you help me find the lab? I want to see exactly what I am looking at in expenses for getting it up and running."
Vincent remained seated a moment more. When he stood, it was like watching a panther uncoil: languid grace. "Yes."
"Are you sure you don't mind?" Why would you give him a moment to change his mind? She was an idiot.
"Yes."
"I appreciate it." She made a move to pack up the picnic, but then shook her head. "Never mind that," she told Vincent with a smile--though he had made no move to retrieve it either. "I'll come back later hungrier than anything, more than likely. It's always a mystery that makes me hungry enough to eat a chocobo." Natalie turned for the door and stepped out, moving aside for Vincent to have room to stand beside her. "Which way?"
He gestured to the left. "It isn't far."
Vincent was about to take a step forward when Natalie stopped him with a hand on his left arm. He faced her, his eyebrows arched. "Sorry," Natalie said as she quickly removed her hand, but she continued with her train of thought. "Are you absolutely certain you don't mind? This might have been where Hojo did his experiments on you and . . . if it causes a problem for you at all, I will wait until Cloud returns. It isn't a problem. I've waited this long, so a few more hours won't hurt."
It seemed the briefest flash of emotion exploded across Vincent's face. It made Natalie wonder a little more about the past she hadn't been able to discover via the reading of experimentation reports, interviews, and assistants' journal entries. What did you go through, Vincent? What happened to make you this tortured soul? These questions had fascinated Natalie for years. The pieces she longed to uncover in order to fix something--anything--about him.
Vincent remained silent, but his gaze did not retreat. Natalie smiled. "I apologize if I sound too cautious for a scientist. I'm concerned for your feelings. I have never been experimented on, Vincent, but I would like to hope I can appreciate the tenderness of the experience."
He blinked and shifted his gaze to the path ahead. "It doesn't matter. It is in the past."
"Sometimes the past is all we have." Vincent focus returned, the intensity resuming as he scrutinized her features. Natalie flushed. "I am sorry." She tucked her hands into the pockets of her jeans. "I have a tendency of being about as subtle as a Midgar Zolom."
"I doubt that is possible."
Natalie peeked at him. "Was that sarcasm?" Vincent didn't answer. "Hm. Well, whether it was or wasn't, why would you say that? Curiosity is yet another vice of mine. You haven't . . . you haven't actually seen one, have you?"
"As a matter of fact--"
"What? Wow. I have read about them, even found pictures, but--You really have seen one?"
"I fought one."
Every picture of slaughtered animals and victims flashed through her mind. She gulped and tried not to vomit. "As you obviously survived, how in the world did you beat the creature? They're downright vicious!"
"No match for the three of us."
"The three of you?"
"Cloud and Aeris." He met her gaze, and amusement softened the amber glow. "I am not fool enough to fight one alone."
Why not? You do everything else by yourself. Natalie cleared her throat. "True. Didn't think that one through." His amused twinkle didn't retreat. She smiled. "You had me by the neck with that one. I will need to pay more attention to what you say next time. Otherwise I'm liable to take every word as fact rather than fiction." It sounded like one of the best prospects thus far. "Why did you three go against one of those?"
"We needed its skill."
"Its skill? As in what exactly?"
"The Midgar Zolom has the skill called Beta, a powerful elemental attack. We needed the skill for our battles against Sephiroth and Shinra."
"Ah. Intriguing. Did you learn it then? As in, did you learn to duplicate the attack?"
"No." Vincent paused, and then he turned to begin down the short corridor. Natalie followed beside him. "Yes. Our Materia stored the ability, allowing us to use it later."
"I see. Interesting. I wonder how it accomplished that," Natalie mumbled. "The Materia would require a type of sentience in order to retain the knowledge of the ability learned . . . I wonder. They say Materia was part of the planet, and this would definitely be proof to that effect. I wish Materia wasn't taboo. I would love the opportunity to examine some. Although, I suppose I should be able to learn all I need from Bugenhagen's research and Shinra's declassified reports. Hm. I should look into ordering those files." Natalie noticed Vincent had halted outside a huge wooden door. "Are we here? Already?"
"I didn't wish to interrupt."
"Ah." Natalie blushed and cleared her throat. "I have a tendency of reasoning things aloud, as you heard. I don't understand why, but somehow it helps me brainstorm solutions and the like. Either that or I am simply too lazy to keep my thoughts to myself. It could be both, I suppose."
Vincent continued to stare down at her with those intense amber eyes, silent, and yet not leaving her with the impression that he ignored her.
Natalie dragged her gaze away--Nat!--and reached out to open the door. "Well, I suppose we discover what hides behind door number one." The massive door creaked and groaned as it opened. She gasped "It's huge!" as she stepped inside.
Books by the hundreds were stacked on tables and bookcases, or littered the floor. Notebooks and tablets filled with handwritten journal notes obstructed desks and tables from view. Video storage equipment stood askew in a far corner. Shelves creaked under the weight of beakers containing neatly labeled liquids. Two cylindrical holding chambers linked to one of the Shinra Corporation's best computers glowed from the far side.
"Oh my . . . ." she sighed, eyes wide as they took it all in. Books, such glorious books! The purr of the computer drew her like a mouse to cheese. Unaffected by the world's sudden turn from the use of Mako. Natalie performed a quick search of the computer's surroundings, discovering a link to its own small Mako generator.
Natalie pulled out a dusty office chair to sit with a slow breath, caressing the keyboard with a slowly growing smile. "Technology . . ." she whispered. "I've missed it these few years in no man's land. But now . . . . I know Mako is outlawed, but this computer may be the difference between--" She peeked at Vincent, who now stood by those storage chambers a little way from the desk. His expression hadn't changed, but something about his attitude had. Natalie couldn't quite put her finger on it.
"Vincent?" He didn't answer. She moved to stand beside him, steps hesitant. "Are you all right?"
Vincent blinked but didn't face her. "Cloud spoke of these."
She forced her attention to the chambers. Standing more than six feet in height, they were impressively high-tech. They were also filled with a type of greenish embryonic liquid. Natalie reached out a hand to touch the cylinder. "It's still warm," she whispered. Her eyes traced all the intricate details, her fingers running along its smooth surface. "It could be an incubator of some sort, still running, apparently. As if the experiment should still be here." Natalie discovered a plaque on each cylinder. "Hm. C project. Specimen (A) code Z. This one is specimen (B) and code C. I wonder what it means." She returned to the computer again. "Well, any scientist worth their salt will have kept records. I will simply need to take a peek and see what I can find out."
"Cloud said that he and Zack, a friend from SOLDIER, were held here and injected with Jenova cells and Mako."
Natalie grimaced. "Hojo."
"Yes. He claimed Cloud was a clone. We have no proof he told the truth."
"Why did he have such a fascination with screwing up the lives of others?" Natalie pressed her lips into a thin line as she typed furiously on the keyboard, searching and cross-checking references in order to discover anything regarding the experiments in that basement. Shinra. Cloud Strife. SOLDIER. Hojo. Jenova.
"There must be a connection," she murmured. "Some experiment Hojo repeated. He was always so sadistically persistent." She typed in the name Vincent Valentine.
PLEASE ENTER PASSWORD
Natalie blinked, and her fingers hovered over the keyboard. "Hello. What do we have here? You're using a password, Professor? I wonder if you might possibly have a secret."
"What is it?"
Vincent moved to stand behind her, his presence emanating a calming warmth. She pulled in a slow breath to wrangle her focus back to the computer screen. "I typed in your name. Now the computer is asking for a password."
"Have you tried 'Lucrecia'?"
Natalie glanced over her shoulder toward his tall, slender frame. "He wouldn't use anything so obvious, would he?" How much would she accomplish if he continued to stand so close?
"Perhaps." Vincent motioned to the monitor. "Try it."
Natalie shrugged and typed in the letters.
ACCESS DENIED  PLEASE ENTER PASSWORD
"For what it's worth," Natalie offered with another glance and a smile, "it wasn't a bad idea. Any other suggestions?"
Vincent stared down at the monitor, his brows furrowing. "Perhaps." Then he rested a hand on the back of her chair and reached over her shoulder to type three simple letters: G - O - D.
ACCESS GRANTED  WELCOME, PROFESSOR HOJO
"Now that's scary," Natalie said softly. The password as well as what his close proximity did to her fading shreds of composure.
"No scarier than what he bred." Vincent turned away.
Natalie's heart fell. "Where are you going?"
"Elsewhere. You need room to work."
"You aren't in the way, Vincent." He didn't respond. He simply continued toward the door. "Will you come back? I haven't had a chance to ask you any questions."
"Yes."
Natalie stared after him, desperate to try and reason out a way to--"Vincent." He halted, but didn't turn. "You don't need to leave. I could use your help."
"Perhaps later." And then he headed once more toward the exit.
Natalie watched him leave with a growing weight of helplessness. Then he closed the door behind him and her mind was left to ricochet from fantasy to real world and back again. She shook her head in a vain effort to clear her muddled thoughts. "Nat." She swiveled back to the computer, desperately attempting to refocus her attention. "This is your chance. Let's get to work."
VI
WONDERINGS OF A BAD TEMPER

Vincent stared at the door. He could hear the rhythmic tapping of the keyboard even through the solid wood. Occasionally the tapping would pause, only to resume at a faster pace, reminiscent of Barret's machine gunfire. The hope which longed to bloom within fought at the restraints of his long practiced self-control, and his expression hardened with his clenched jaw. He told her he didn't entertain hope, but do even I believe this? He and the others had battled against impossibilities too long for him not to consider this a reasonable expectation.
Vincent's eyes narrowed as he regarded that door, again seeing Natalie Long's seemingly innocent face. She knew Lucrecia--He strode back toward his sanctuary. Vincent had fought long and hard to banish the guilt of Lucrecia's death, so to be faced with yet another remembrance of her . . . . Someone who admired her courage and intelligence. Someone enthralled with what she herself found intriguing. And yet--
And yet, there was a fascinating difference about this woman who pulled him from his fitful slumber. She plunged forward, even though fear clutched at her heart and soul. His hold upon her overpowered her normal sense of self-preservation. To have such power over a stranger captured his intrigue.
Vincent approached the door of his sanctuary and halted, staring at the scarred expanse of wood with a cold, hard gaze. He turned his stare away and, instead, ascended the stairs leading to the main floor of Shinra Mansion. The nightmares which had tortured him passed at the defeat of Sephiroth. Even the memories of Lucrecia began to fade. Most hours found him staring at the cover of his self-appointed tomb wondering what would fill the unknown remaining years of his life.
Then he had heard a woman's voice exclaim, 'Oh my god! Vincent! I finally found you . . . .' Joy had colored those words.
The remembrance even now twisted his insides, setting them afire with an unexpected agony. How could anyone be so pleased to find his crypt? Hojo had made fear the only emotion ever witnessed by him. And yet--Vincent fisted his golden claw and then stepped out into the late afternoon sunshine. He blinked up into the sky, filling his lungs with a deep breath of the clear, warm air. Yes. The effect of Sephiroth's evil dwindled. He could sense it. Jenova's power over their planet faded to a mere memory, easily and eagerly forgotten.
Her voice was no longer clearly spoken in his mind.
Vincent shifted his focus to the well Cloud often mentioned in his pleasant memories of home. It yet stood, almost a beacon of hope. A continued assurance that pleasant dreams were possible. He could even sense his own soul's attempt at belief--'I toyed with the idea of reversing the effects'--and that was his hope.
A hope he didn't deserve, yet she offered it with ease just the same. Why should I not take it? But his soul remained distant, testing the newfound idea with an air of feigned disdain. Hope never before partnered with him. Why should it? But no excuses against the idea surfaced.
Vincent clenched his jaw and almost retreated back for the Mansion and his sanctuary. The ring of familiar laughter halted his first step. Cloud and Tifa approached down the path leading to Mt. Nibel. When they saw him standing at the gate, they hesitated for the briefest possible moment before hurrying to his side.
"Look what the cat dragged in?" Cloud said, smiling as he clapped Vincent on the shoulder. "It's great to see you. What brings you out?"
Vincent examined Cloud's expression with a raised eyebrow. Such an emotion of happiness and laughter did not appear on the young man's face often. Before, Cloud struggled under the weight of guilt, rage, and confusion. To see him eagerly smiling with a twinkle of nauseating delight in his Mako-glowing eyes sabotaged Vincent's carefully constructed calm. In fact, he chose not to respond. Instead, he continued to examine Cloud and Tifa's expressions. They exchanged a guarded glance, and Vincent crossed his arms.
"Vincent, you haven't seen a woman with curly auburn hair have you?" Tifa asked. "Natalie Long is her name. She's a scientist writing an article on the progress the planet's made since . . . well, since Sephiroth was beaten."
Vincent remained quiet, wondering if they understood the true reason Natalie Long made Nibelheim her temporary home.
Tifa absently pulled at the hem of her short black skirt. "I was just wondering if you'd seen her. She did such a good job on the interview . . . I . . . I hoped we could get together . . . some time . . . maybe."
Cloud shook his head, smirking as he draped an arm protectively around Tifa's shoulders. "Come on, Vincent. Give us a break. Have you seen her or not? It's not like we're asking you for your personal feelings on the matter."
Vincent's eyebrow twitched before he said, "She's in the basement lab."
Cloud straightened, arm dropping from Tifa's shoulders. "What? Why in the hell did you let her go down there? It's dangerous!" He charged into the Mansion. The door slammed closed behind him.
Tifa stared after him, wide brown eyes blinking. "Now, why in the world would he say it's dangerous?"
"Perhaps due to the fact Hojo left an experiment running?"
"Those cylinders? They can't be all that dangerous."
"In regards to Hojo, one never knows."
Tifa focused again on the Mansion, leaning her hands against the gate without opening it. She released a deep breath. "Vincent, I know you don't usually talk about the stuff that happened to you, but . . . but when you did, didn't it make you feel better?"
Vincent leaned his back against the gatepost as he crossed his arms. "It did," he admitted.
She continued to watch him. "I don't get it. Why have you been hiding in the basement for so long? Didn't you want to be involved in everything that's been going on out here? Didn't you want to be around your friends for the celebration of a new beginning?"
"Friends?"
"Yes, Vincent. Friends. I'd like to think that's what we are." She smiled. "After all, we've put up with your gloomy attitude with patience, for the most part. We helped you find Lucrecia's tomb, or whatever it was, so that you could put some of the guilt away. We asked you to become a part of our team . . . no, our family because we knew we could help each other." She turned to lean her back against the gate, tapping her heel on the dusty ground. "We don't ask for a lot in return. We just want you to open up a little. We're all worried about you."
"I am out. Is that not enough?"
"But for how long?" Tifa peeked over at him. "We liked having you around. You were always interesting company. On those long nights when none of us could sleep, you told some of the best stories of Shinra and the Turks. Sure, you almost never talked about yourself, but that was fine. Why is it so hard to do that now? Just because the world isn't in mortal danger?"
Vincent clenched his jaw and straightened, tossing his red cape over his shoulder as he turned for the gate. Tifa moved out of the way. "I'm doing my best." And he could sense her surprise at his response. She hurried to walk beside him. "That coffin is what I know. The nightmares are my entertainment. To give that up so quickly . . . it isn't so easy for a stubborn soul bent on his own destruction."
"So, why are you out now? May I ask?"
But such was a question even Vincent hadn't had the courage to voice. "Perhaps . . . perhaps I still search for something."
Tifa inclined her head. "I can understand that, actually. I was once there myself. I think I still am." She stopped him with a hand on his arm, holding his gaze when he shifted his focus. "Just be patient with yourself. Not all questions can be answered at once. Some take time. Some hurt. Some will make you angrier than you've ever been. Give yourself a break, though. It's not easy to do this."
"Do what?" Intrigue arched an eyebrow.
She smiled. "Do whatever it is you're doing. Trying to find whatever you've lost. Be patient. That's the best advice anyone could give you."
Vincent examined her, and then he turned away. "Yes. I believe it is."
*
FILE SUBJECT: VINCENT VALENTINE
Natalie blinked when the file access suddenly opened onto the blue screen of the computer. "What's this?" She clicked the file and began reading. All color drained from her face, tears burned, but she forced herself to take those notes of information important for her research. "Oh my god. Why did he do this to you? Why?" But why had Hojo done any of his experiments? She shook her head and backed out of the file, perusing the other links to see if there was something more.
PERSONAL INFORMATION: VINCENT VALENTINE
Natalie clicked on the link, hoping for something more pleasant inside--"No family?" A tear escaped, but she brushed it away. "Oh Vincent--"
The door slammed open.
Natalie startled, nearly falling out of her chair in the process. Cloud strode further into the room, blue eyes flashing. He dragged her chair from the computer before reaching down to yank the cord from its power supply. 
"Stop!" But too late. The monitor blackened, all progress lost, save those shorthand notes scribbled onto a faded desk pad.
Cloud waved the cord at her, his features twisted in a scowl. Natalie found herself taking an involuntary step backward. "This is against the law!" He threw the cord to the ground and grabbed her arm, dragging her none too gently toward the lab exit. All protests and explanations were ignored. "I don't care if you're a scientist. I don't care if you knew what you were doing. That experiment is none of your business!"
"I wasn't researching that blasted experiment!" She wriggled her arm, twisting and pulling in an effort to free herself. "I was only trying to discover information about--"
"I don't care. That computer runs on Mako, and you could be in big trouble for using it. Just be glad I found you. I'm willing to forget it even happened, but Barret would make you an example to the other idiots of the world."
Natalie finally twisted her arm from his grasp with a wince and cry. "It doesn't matter if Sephiroth himself found me. You had no right to go bursting in and ruin all the hard-earned progress I made. You have no idea what I was in the process of doing, and now it's ruined! Perhaps gone forever if you corrupted the hard drive!"
Cloud attempted to grab her arm again, but she avoided his grasp. "Like I said, professor or doctor or whatever you are, I don't care. Everything about Hojo, Gast, and Shinra needs to stay where it is. Do you have any idea what could happen if it fell into the wrong hands?"
"I'm willing to take that risk," Natalie snapped. "I didn't have plans on telling anyone about it! Vincent was the one who--"
"Vincent?" Cloud's eyes darkened. "Vincent told you about that place?"
Natalie turned away, arms crossed and chin lifted in mute defiance. Vincent and Tifa approached.
"What's going on?" Tifa asked.
"What the hell were you thinking?" Cloud snarled as he jammed a finger in Vincent's chest. "You had no business showing her that place."
Vincent stared down at Cloud's finger, only making a move when Natalie took a menacing step toward the ex-SOLDIER. Vincent enfolded her upper arm in a firm yet gentle grip, halting her progress. Natalie clicked her mouth shut, eyes flashing emerald.
Vincent finally raised his gaze. "She needed a lab."
"She needed a lab? She needed a lab?" Cloud gestured back at the door to the laboratory. "So you just waltz her in there, no problem?"
Tifa rested a hand on Cloud's arm. "Calm down."
"There was no harm planned," Vincent countered, his hand still holding Natalie's arm. Her green eyes flashed with fire and rage, but she kept silent.
"No harm--How do you know what the hell she planned? You don't know her from Jenova and you think you have--"
"Cloud." Tifa pushed at his arm. "I think you better walk this off before you say anything you regret."
He glared down at her.
Natalie clenched her jaw, lifting her arm from Vincent's hold. His fingers immediately opened. "For your information, Mr. Strife, my research on reversing Hojo's alteration of Vincent has nothing to do with you! Now if there's harm to the planet by doing said research, then so be it. I have no intention of turning my back on him when there is a possibility I can help." She stepped toe-to-toe with Cloud, her finger pressed into his chest. "And just so you understand the gravity of the situation, if given the choice between this planet and the research you likely destroyed, I would choose Vincent and that computer!"
With that, she turned on her heel, shoved past both Tifa and Vincent, and strode from the basement without a single backward glance. Tifa glared at Vincent and Cloud, arms crossed. Cloud swore and punched the nearest wall. Vincent appeared a bit more pale than usual.
"You always did have a flair for picking a fight." Tifa shook her head. "I thought you'd grown out of it."
Cloud ignored her. Instead, he leaned against the wall and crossed his arms. He looked to Vincent. "Sorry, Vincent. I didn't know."
"Yeah? Well you didn't ask either," Tifa pressed.
Cloud met her gaze. "Okay, Tifa. I get your point. Back off."
"Fine. I'll go talk to Natalie, then." She hurried away.
Cloud shifted his focus to Vincent, who stood as rigid as before. "So is she right? Is there a cure for whatever Hojo did?"
Vincent shifted his gaze from the wall to the corridor leading to the spiral staircase. "I do not know."
"What about what she said? About trying to find a way of undoing it."
"I know what she said."
"Didn't she tell you anything about it?"
"She said she had an idea." Vincent's voice sounded strained.
"An idea, huh?" Cloud ran a hand through his spiked blond hair before looking back to the lab. "I never wanted to see that place again, and now I'm going to end up fixing it so she can use a Shinra invention without screwing up the planet." He shrugged suddenly. "Oh hell. Why not." Cloud pushed from the wall to disappear inside the lab.
Vincent stared down the corridor after Natalie. Then he moved his gaze to the door of the room that housed his coffin. He stepped inside, blankly staring at the large black box. ' . . .an idea I've been toying with . . . I care--' He disappeared within, closing the cover tightly after him. He closed his eyes and willed himself to sleep, grateful for the ever-familiar oppressive blackness that submerged his mind into nothingness . . .
. . .and the nightmares . . .
*
"Natalie!"
Natalie stiffened, wiping furiously at the tears before stepping again toward the mansion exit. You made an utter ass of yourself, Nat. She pressed her lips into a thin line, stumbling from the mansion as she wiped another volley of tears from her cheeks.
"Natalie, wait!"
How am I going to face him? But she had to. She couldn't walk away now that she found both him and a lab. All her life she felt something waited, just out of her reach. Now she had this chance, and the feeling no longer lurked in the shadows of her soul. She had finally found her purpose: Saving Vincent from whatever hell he fled to each time he submerged into that scarred coffin.
And now he might suspect her feelings.
She choked on a sob, frantically wiping more wetness from burning cheeks. Natalie stumbled to a stop and leaned against the base of the well.
Tifa came to stand beside her, resting a hand on her back. "Natalie?"
"What?" Natalie choked out.
"You okay?"
"Does it look like I'm okay?" Natalie shoved Tifa's hand away. "I just humiliated myself in front of the only man I ever wanted to impress, and you think I might be okay?" Natalie covered her face and shook her head. "Just kill me now and be done with it. My research is ruined, so it's unlikely I will ever be able to find a way to reverse what Hojo did. My one chance and this had to happen! It's not fair . . . ."
Tifa rubbed her shoe on the back of her leg. "Natalie--"
"What do you want?" Natalie cried, dropping her arms to her sides. "Haven't I humiliated myself enough? Must you come and see me like this? Just . . . leave me alone." She pushed from the well and stumbled away, disappearing into the inn.
Tifa stared after her, eyes dark. "Oh, Natalie . . . ." Then she slowly shook her head and made her way back to Shinra Mansion. At the doorway of the lab, she hesitated for a long moment before entering. Cloud stood in front of the two cylinders with crossed arms and a scowl. "Cloud, can I ask you something?"
"Hm."
"Does Vincent seem different to you?"
Cloud focused on her, face twisted in confusion. "Different? What do you mean?"
"I'm not really sure. I guess the fact he's out after so many months is difference enough, but there was something in his face when she left. Something I've never seen before. Did he say anything to you before going back in his box?"
"Nope. Just as tight-lipped as ever. Couldn't even get him to talk about her idea." Cloud glared down at his feet. "I didn't piss her off too bad, did I?"
"Surprisingly, no. She was upset, though."
"Damn." Cloud stretched his arms toward her. "Tif, why do I do this to people? Why do I find the quickest way to piss them off and then go that little bit extra?"
"Cloud, she wasn't angry. She was crying. All she could think about was Vincent and the research." Tifa glanced quickly over her shoulder. "Cloud, I . . . I think she's in love with him."
"What?"
Tifa nodded. "Really. I'm serious."
"How . . . when would she've had a chance? He's been in that box forever, and the only time he's been out was when he helped us."
Tifa shrugged. "I don't know the details, but I'd recognize that expression of misery anywhere. You heard what she said, didn't you? About caring about the research for him more than the planet?"
"Well, I'll be a--" Cloud broke off and strode to the computer, glaring down at it with an intensity reminiscent of the days when they desperately attempted to defeat Sephiroth and the Turks. "Okay, Tifa. This is what we're going to do. I need you to go to Rocket Town and get Cid and Shera. Tell them we need to get this computer up and running without using Mako. Who knows? Maybe this will help them come up with a new power source."
"Okay. What are you going to be doing?"
"I'm going to go around to the different towns to see if any of them have come up with any ideas. Maybe I'll run into Yuffie somewhere. Seems to me she was spouting some weird stories about power sources in Wutai and Gongaga that didn't have anything to do with Mako."
"Yuffie? Go figure."
Cloud smiled. "Yeah. No kidding."
"What about Natalie and Vincent?"
The smile faded. Cloud scrubbed at his scalp. "I don't know one way or the other, to tell you the truth. At this point, I just want to stay the hell out of the way. They'll deal with whatever's going on a whole lot better if we just butt out."
"I guess you're right."
Cloud shook his head. "Don't bet on it."
VII
WHISPERS OF HISTORY

knock-knock
Natalie blinked her focus from the genetic sciences research paper to the doorway. Vincent. All blood rushed to places unknown, and the speed with which she stood from the table did little to help her stomach and brain recover. "Hello." She set the report aside and tucked trembling fingers into the back pockets of her jeans.
Vincent motioned within, amber gaze as distant as the first time she saw him. "May I?"
"Oh! Of course. Please." She tidied the papers and periodicals, freeing up a chair in the process.
What do I do? Natalie absently pinched her lower lip, her eyes unable to focus elsewhere but the binding of one of her favorite reference books. Vincent continued into the room, but only to stand across from her position at the table. She knew, in her head, her comment about choosing him over the environment would--in all honesty--be taken as an innocent expression of fact.
She cleared her throat and wrestled her gaze to meet his. "How can I help you?" And little did he know the depth and breadth of that one, simple question. Silence settled, aggravating her previously conquered headache. "If you're concerned about the setback of the computer, don't be. We didn't always have them." She forced a smile. "I will simply dig my brain from the dust-bunnies and do the long-division myself. I'll be fine."
He didn't respond. She doubted he blinked. He only continued to watch her with glowing amber eyes and an unreadable expression stretched across his handsome face.
Natalie cleared her throat again, fingers pressing the reference book from her reach. "I . . . I'm sorry for losing my temper. Reactionism is a pet-peeve of mine--no, I'm not certain that is a word--especially when the person reacting doesn't listen to me. I, well, I tend to believe I know what is best for everyone, even when that is furthest from the truth." 
"Cloud apologizes."
Natalie rubbed at her forehead. It continued to throb. "And the trend continues, with the 'other one' apologizing first. How I came to the talent of persuading the others to believe they're really to blame is beyond me." Again, Vincent offered no comment. She released a fast breath and motioned to the door. "I need some air. Care to join me?"
Vincent followed, still silent. Still hauntingly foreboding and intense. Natalie loved it. She shrugged into her jacket and tried not to groan. You are a sick soul, Nat. They stepped out into the late morning sunshine, Natalie tucking her hands into her pockets as she sent him a sidelong glance. The muscle at his jaw clenched furiously, his golden claw balled into a fist. Natalie dragged her gaze ahead. Damn it, Nat, you big-mouthed ego-maniac.
"You said you would be buying the mansion," he said, voice as guarded as his expression when Natalie peeked at him.
"Uh, yes. I, erm . . . ." She gulped when he finally met her gaze. Nat! "Of course you wouldn't be required to vacate, nor stay in the basement. You could have your own floor. Well, if I didn't need it, that is." Vincent shifted his gaze to the mansion. "I am forever delving into some type of half-crazy research project, so I might need all the floors. But you're welcome to a room or three."
Vincent didn't respond.
Come on, Vincent, please. Natalie paused at the gate to the mansion's front walk, gripping the cool iron. "Talking with Barret and Nanaki inspired me to put all my effort into designing and researching environmentally safe solutions. The mansion would be the perfect place to setup. There are rooms enough that I could coordinate several projects at the same time."
"Such as?"
Natalie lifted a shoulder. "Oh, you know. My usual research of the reaction human cells have to Mako or Jenova cells when forcefully introduced." She peeked at him. "And then there's my dig projects, which always includes cataloguing and researching the finds and how they effected our history. It's quite interesting, on paper."
"Why did you begin genetic research?"
Her heart thudded in her chest, agonizing to say the least. "At first, I simply could not fathom why Hojo--or anyone--would do that to people. Then, as I read more articles and learned more about him . . . he was capable of so much more insanity. All because he lusted after some power that existed in his mind. I don't know what he thought he proved by experimenting on all those people. Nothing good ever resulted from it." Her gaze flickered toward Vincent. "Well, almost nothing."
Vincent regarded her. "What exactly did Hojo alter?"
"Well, it's complicated." Natalie cleared her throat. "Um, each of our genes has the molecule deoxyribonucleic acid or DNA." She cleared her throat again. "When one or more genes of an organism are introduced to a second organism and is accepted, that's called recombinant DNA. In your case, the genes inserted consisted of Jenova genes. This recombinant DNA then altered the characteristics of the organism--you--by changing its protein makeup."
"Protein makeup?"
"Proteins perform vital functions in our body. Enzymes, for example, cause chemical reactions within an organism while hormones control growth, our metabolism, and reproduction."
"So, this recombinant DNA injected into my cells altered this . . . this protein, thereby altering me," Vincent said slowly.
"Essentially, yes." Natalie clutched tighter upon the gate, trying so hard not to look . . . she sighed and allowed her eyes to drift to Vincent's profile as he stood beside her. To her surprise, his amber eyes scrutinized her face with bright intensity.
"If this DNA has been accepted by my own, how could you possibly reverse the alteration? You have said the protein makeup of my DNA has been altered from what it was, so how . . . ?"
"I . . . I know." Her gaze faltered and fell. "It sounds ridiculously simple, but I planned to reintroduce your original DNA into your system."
"How?"
"Well, though the protein makeup of your DNA was altered, the DNA contained in your sperm wasn't." She pinched her lower lip. "You are the host, so you alone are affected by the alteration. I was going to use that DNA to re-introduce your original DNA and alter the protein makeup back to its original specifications." But there was a risk he wouldn't survive the procedure. After all, more than 30 years had passed since the original experiment. It was a question she still didnt have the answer to.
"If that doesn't work, did you have another option?"
Oh god--"I don't want to talk about it." She pushed from the gate, her steps leading her down the path from Nibelheim to Mt. Nibel. No. No other option, Nat. You agreed. Remember? After several moments, she could hear his steps continue after her.
"What is it?" Vincent asked.
"Nothing. I . . . I never cared for the other option." Because it would have made her no better than the man who had done this to Vincent in the first place. No better than the man who tortured Cloud and his friend Zack. No better than a man who killed her mentor, Professor Gast.
Vincent regarded her a moment. Cloning?
Natalie twitched without meaning to. Then she simply gave a brief nod, her hands fisted at her sides as she continued forward. At least he would be ali No!
"There is something else."
Natalie shook her head almost too quickly. "Don't worry about it."
Vincent's golden clawed fingers enfolded her arm, halting her progress. She faced him before she could stop herself. "Why do you believe I may die if you reintroduce my original DNA?"
Her insides lurched. How did he read her so well? Natalie wrestled her focus from those eyes and sighed deep. "The Jenova cells influenced your DNA in a way I can't categorize. You don't age--" She peeked at him. "Did you know you're almost 60 years old?--your eye pigment altered to red, which caused your visibility to become enhanced, and you now have the ability of flight. Well, more a manipulation of gravity I suspect, but the details aren't important. Then there are the alter-egos which emerge when you reach certain levels of . . . rage."
Natalie rubbed her forehead with a single finger, the hand digging fingers into the hip of her jeans. "I don't know how the Jenova will react to the re-introduction process. It may accept the procedure. It may ignore it altogether. Or it could completely shut down your system because of some type of unknown incompatibility."
"In other words, Jenova may prove to be stronger than my original DNA."
"To put it simply, yes." Natalie sighed and met his gaze. "I want to believe it's possible. Then again . . ." She turned away, walking again toward Mt. Nibel. Her misery settled in the pit of her stomach with a wave of nausea. "I just don't know what to do," she murmured.
"Do you perform the procedure and risk my death? Or leave me to my misery?"
Natalie cringed.
"You doubt my current existence is misery?"
"Yes," she said, matter-of-fact. She faced him. "All your friends have said they like you just the way you are. They say you are fun to be around, though you will never admit that fact. Which leads me to wonder, is your life really that miserable?"
Vincent's eyes flickered before he looked away. "Perhaps."
"Perhaps?" Natalie repeated. She shoved her hands into her pockets to keep from reaching out. "What type of answer is that?"
"The only one I can give at the moment. Many things are changing, and I haven't had a chance to . . . ." His voice drifted.
Natalie examined his expression. "Vincent, do you mind if I ask you a question?"
"No." Though his answer seemed guarded.
"Why do you want me to change you back?"
Vincent stared ahead of them so long Natalie didn't think he would answer. Then, finally, in a somewhat cool voice he admitted, "In this form I am . . . Hojo's creation. His slave and puppet. If I don't attempt to free myself of his influence, then he has won the final battle. I refuse to give him this power when there may yet be an avenue of release." He faced her. "He took my life without permission. He acted as a god and chose this existence with no thought of what my future would be. That control wasn't his to take, and I have chosen to take it back. You are my only hope of that."
Natalie swallowed hard, his amber gaze easily holding hers captive. There it is, Nat. She had asked a question that rang with all his burdens, and yet he opened his heart and presented his answer without a blink. What would she do now? Steal away even this last hope? No. No, she couldn't do that.
"I have never admitted to hope before," Vincent continued. "I suppose it comes from the life I experienced with Cloud and the others. I am more able to accept the impossible as a reasonable truth. After all, isn't that what we accomplished in the rescuing of this planet?" He motioned toward her, his claw reflecting the light of the morning sun. "Now you take on the implausible goal of crafting a cure for a monster. You accept it as your life's quest and move on, even in the face of the current set-back. I find my hope becoming . . . more than what it was."
Vincent shifted his amber scrutiny to Shinra Mansion. Natalie watched his profile in wide-eyed wonder.
"For what seemed ages I enclosed myself in that box, believing it a suitable punishment for whatever great sin I had committed. In reality, it became my way of hiding from life. I did not want to face alone what we had once shared together."
Vincent examined her face for a long and silent moment before shifting his focus once again to the mansion. "I have acted the part of a coward for many years, yet another way Hojo shamed me. I was a Turk, but I allowed them to tuck me away and forget. Taking my life back when the others found my resting place . . . felt exhilarating. Duty. Purpose. These had been facets of my life as a Turk that became nothing but shadow, pushed aside by guilt and shame. Now I have yet another chance to find them. To find my place in this new existence. Why should I . . . ?"
Natalie took a step forward without realizing it. "Why should you . . . ?" She rested a hand on the coolness of his golden claw. "Vincent? Why should you what?"
Vincent moved his gaze to her again, and the expression in his normally guarded amber eyes shocked her: confusion and helplessness. She stifled a gasp, her other hand retreating from his arm.
His eyes hardened and he turned away. "Why should I fight against attaining that which I desire?"
Natalie stared up at him, watching the breeze tease the long, ebony locks from his face. "I don't know. Why should you?"
The intensity of the ensuing silence hit her like a wave. Then he was saying "I must go," in a taut voice and propelling himself into the air with a great leap, vaulting toward Mt. Nibel.
Natalie took a step after him before she could stop herself. But then he was gone and she was left to stare at the horizon.
*
Natalie heard a scuff of shoes on wood as she came to the door of Vincent's room later that afternoon. She pushed open the door, peeking her head around the corner. Instead of Vincent, a young woman with short brunette hair sat cross-legged on his coffin while sharpening a nasty looking shuriken-type weapon. Something rang strangely familiar about the weapon as Natalie stepped the rest of the way in.
The young woman looked up. An eyebrow rose as the eyes took on an almost disbelieving expression. "What're you doing here?"
Natalie arched an eyebrow. "Do I know you?"
"No, and that's why I'm asking. Vinnie likes his privacy."
"And what do you know of Vincent?"
"Me? We're chums, if you really need to know."
"Then I'll leave you alone." Natalie turned to go, but the girl rushed to stand in front of her. "Can I help you?"
"You don't need to look down your nose at me. Just tell me why you're in his space."
"I'm not looking down my nose at you," Natalie contradicted. "I don't like your attitude."
The girl blinked in surprise, and then she crossed her arms. "Hm. Spunk. I wasn't expecting that."
"And just how would you expect anything from me? You don't know me."
"Oh I know your type all right. Seen enough of them. Scientist. Old maid. Doesn't know much about anything but things that haven't existed for, like, a thousand years."
"Of all the--" Natalie flushed with irritation, fists clenched. Who do you think you are?"
"Think? I know who I am. Who're you?"
"None of your business."
The girl shrugged. "Whatever." She made her way back to the coffin and vaulted up onto it, again sitting cross-legged. She pulled out her weapon to sharpen it once again. "I'll just wait here and ask Vinnie."
"Good luck. I doubt he'll be back." That statement was a knife to Natalie's heart.
The girl looked up, eyebrow raised. "What're you talking about? This is his home. He always comes here." She narrowed her eyes. "Then again, he's usually always here in the first place. Doesn't ever go nowhere. Just stays in the box dreaming. Nightmares. Whatever. How would you know anything about it?"
Temper sparked. "For your information, little miss, I've been researching Vincent ever since I was in school."
"Is that so?"
The girl looked downright amused, which irritated Natalie even more. "And what is so blasted funny?"
"Oh, nothing. I just never thought I'd see the day Vinnie had someone sweet on him." Natalie spluttered for several seconds. The girl laughed. "Gee. This is fun. The others just ignore me."
"With good reason!"
The girl laughed again. "Yeah, well, what can I say? That's me for you."
"And who is 'me'?"
"Yuffie."
Natalie's temper died. "Yuffie Kisaragi?"
Yuffie raised an eyebrow. "Yeah. Who wants to know?"
"I'm Natalie Long. I've been trying to get a hold of you for an interview, but no one knew where you were."
"You're Natalie Long. Damn. Sorry about that. Now you probably won't make me sound so cool in your article."
Natalie waved it away. "Don't worry about that. I'm a little short-tempered today."
"Noticed. Anything to do with the fact Vinnie isn't in his box?"
"Yes, well, never mind about that." For her own sanity, she tried not to dwell on that last expression before he vaulted away. Unfortunately, the conversation continue to pelt her like hailstones.
Yuffie slid off the coffin. "I'm starving. Can we get something to eat?"
"Of course."
"Then I'll tell you all I know about these losers."
"Well, actually, the article is about what they're doing to save the planet."
She yawned. "Oh. I won't have much to say about that. They never listen to any of my ideas."
"Ideas? About what?"
"About what we could use for power instead of Mako. They just think I'm a stupid kid. Well, I'm more than 16," she said defensively as they made their way toward the staircase, "and just because I'm young doesn't mean I'm stupid. I've been around. I've seen things."
"I'm sure you have." Natalie regarded the young woman a moment. "Why don't we get some lunch, and then you can talk as much as you want? I'm sure I'll be interested in everything you have to say."
"Really--" Yuffie's eyes narrowed. "Yeah. Right."
"No. Really. You are correct. I am a scientist, so I believe what you think has a lot of plausible merit. Just because you're young, as you say, does not mean you won't have quite a few good, scientifically solid ideas." Natalie smiled as she opened the door at the top of the spiral staircase, allowing Yuffie to go first. "Besides, I was young once. I remember feeling just as frustrated with the scientific community not listening to me."
"Cool." Yuffie looked her over. "You're all right, Nat. You're all right."
"Thank you."
Yuffie cast Natalie a collection of sidelong glances. "So, how'd you meet him anyway?"
"Vincent? Purely by accident." Sometimes the best discoveries were accidents.
"Yeah. Me, too. Cloud, Aeris, and me were investigating the mansion because some weirdos in black capes were spouting that Sephiroth was in there. He was there all right, but so was this riddle about some guy being locked away in the basement because he was in the way of some kook's research."
"That would be Hojo."
Yuffie snorted. "Bingo. That guy was the kookiest of all the things I've seen, man. Plain, all-out strange."
"I agree, but in a way, his tendency toward the bizarre is exactly what drew me to Vincent."
Yuffie switched her focus to Natalie. "Huh?"
"Lucrecia was Hojo's assistant in almost all of his research regarding Jenova, Mako, and genetic engineering. She was also related to my teacher in school, in a roundabout way, and so I had the luck of being kept abreast of all she was involved in. As much as my teacher was told, anyway."
"Gossip. Juicy gossip. That gets schoolgirls each and every time. Believe me. I know."
Natalie smiled. "Yes. I suppose that is how it started. I was intensely interested in furthering my studies in archaeology, but when I read of the experiments, I decided to minor in the genetic sciences."
"Because of Vincent? Wow. That's deep."
Natalie grimaced. "Not really. It's fantastical nonsense."
"Huh?"
She chuckled. "I studied Hojo's work for a purely selfish reason."
"I don't buy that."
"Well, it's true just the same. I craved a life of adventure. What is more adventurous than curing a lunatic's mad scheme or experiment? And then, inflaming it all was Vincent's life of adventure and danger, the broken hearts and betrayal. It was simply too . . . too romantic for me to ignore. I wanted to rescue someone the same way all the heroes and heroines in the books did."
Yuffie regarded Natalie. "You don't think Vincent wanted to be a Turk?"
"No. I don't. The people in the slums, and even out here, didn't have much of a choice in anything. Shinra was the absolute power. How else would he survive unless he chose to do so?" Natalie shrugged. "To survive, he was forced to do what I believe went against his nature. Then, like any of us, he became desensitized. Cold." Natalie shifted her gaze to Yuffie, who looked incredulous. "Do you seriously expect me to believe you are not guilty of the same?"
She lowered her gaze. "Yeah. I guess so."
"Well, that was that. The adventure beckoned, and I couldn't turn from it. So, I studied, struggling to understand everything Hojo involved himself in. Believe me, he was into some outlandish things."
"Duh."
Natalie smiled. "I guess that was obvious."
"Does Vinnie know how you feel?"
Natalie looked sharply over at the girl. "What are you talking about?"
Yuffie grimaced. "Oh brother. It's obvious you're sweet on him, Nat. And you might as well get it out into the open. That drove me nuts about Tifa and Aeris. Both of them were nuts about Cloud, but none of them would say anything. Aeris wouldn't because she knew how Tifa liked him and he liked her. They had a history, I guess. Tifa wouldn't because she thought Cloud was wild about Aeris. Of course, even I thought that because he was always doing so much for her. Finally, Cloud never said anything because he was so obsessed with finding and killing Sephiroth." Yuffie scoffed. "Now Tifa and Cloud are together like they should have been in the beginning. It took them long enough."
"It's never that easy, Yuffie. Just wait. You'll find out one day."
"I don't think so. If I like someone, I'll just march right up to them and tell them straight to their face."
Natalie chuckled. "Yes. I guess you would."
"Why can't you do that with Vinnie? Don't let his face fool ya. He's a great guy. Sure, he doesn't talk much, but he kicks butt in a fight."
"While thrilling, that is not the basis of a relationship, Yuffie. Besides, we don't really know each other very well." Not for the lack of trying.
"Yeah. Right."
Natalie regarded Yuffie with a raised eyebrow. "What is that supposed to mean?"
"Oh come on. Not even you believe that. You've been studying him for, like, all your life? All you've got to do is tell him about you. And you've probably been doing that already. All you professor types talk a lot when you get started." Yuffie pointed at Natalie. "Am I right? Of course I am."
She cleared her throat and looked away. "I found him to cure a mistake, Yuffie. That is all." I'll never be his Lucrecia. Though it didn't prevent her from trying--she shoved it aside.
"Fine, whatever. So, do you want to hear my idea or not?"
"Of course." Natalie opened the door to the mansion and gestured ahead. "After you."
"Here's what I'm thinking," Yuffie began. "Okay, here in Nibelheim you have a mountain. Am I right? Of course I am. Okay. Now, on a mountain there's usually either waterfalls or lots of wind. Am I right?"
"Of course you are," Natalie said with a smile.
Yuffie nodded. "Okay, well here's my idea. Why can't we rig some sort of pinwheel, except real big, that catches the wind and turns it into energy? They already have windmills at Cosmo Canyon. Why can't they hook it up to something that makes the blades' turning make power?"
Natalie raised an eyebrow, nodding with interest. "That is an intriguing idea. So simple. Hm. I wonder why no one has thought of this before now?"
"Who's to say they haven't? Maybe they've been working on it and can't get it to work? Maybe they were sabotaged by Shinra, like Corel."
"That's certainly possible. Now, about the waterfalls . . . ."
"Oh. Yeah. Well, the water around here goes by so fast I figured we could build some sort of windmill. Just have it be turned by the water instead of the wind. A waterwheel I guess is what we'd call it. Same principle, don't you think?"
"Most definitely."
"I don't know if Cid's already working on them. He's always so secretive about everything. I guess you could ask, though. I mean, you already got them to talk about what they were doing to get this kooky planet back to normal."
Natalie nodded. "That's true."
"And we could always go back to coal."
"We discussed that. Everyone seems to think burning coal is simply too poisonous for the atmosphere to be worth the risk."
"Yeah," Yuffie admitted with a nod. "I guess that's true." She shrugged. "I guess it doesn't matter one way or the other."
Natalie chuckled. "Well, regardless, thank you for telling me your ideas. I will definitely add them to our list. Would you be interested in helping with them?"
"Helping?" she asked cautiously. "By doing what?"
"By helping me survey some possible locations for power-sources, for one."
"Really?" Yuffie shook her head. "You don't want me to get lost?"
Natalie laughed. "Of course not. I need as much help as I can get." She gestured to the path leading toward Mt. Nibel. "I want to show you an idea I had about where we could set up the power generator. Do you mind?"
"Hell no! I scoped a couple places myself."
"Come along, then. Let's go and compare notes."
They headed toward Mt. Nibel.
"What a trip if we actually build it before Cid even comes up with something," Yuffie guffawed.
Natalie chuckled. "He does seem a bit over-assured, doesn't he?"
"Damn straight." The girl scoffed. "I'd like to smear that damn smirk off his face. I swear he wears it 24/7." She sent Natalie a sidelong glance. "How much do you know about electronics and engineering and shit like that?"
"Nothing, but I am quite certain there will be a book or four about the concept."
Yuffie laughed. "Yeah. Probably. Well, let's get our asses in gear and go check out the different locales for the power. Then I can go start looking for parts and shit."
Natalie blinked over at her. "A good idea, but how are you going to haul them here by yourself?"
Yuffie jerked a thumb over her shoulder. "Got a car . . . well it's a buggy more than anything, but it'll have plenty of room without everyone else's ass plugging it up."
Natalie laughed. "Too true." She motioned down the path. "I don't know where you went, but the location I saw was just off the main path toward the reactor. It seems there's a little trail that leads to a clearing, of sorts, with quick access to the river at the foot of a cliff. The current flows fast there."
Yuffie nodded. "I know exactly where you're talkin'. Saw it. Found a wind tunnel, too."
Natalie smiled. "So did I. Was it on the other side of the reactor?"
"Yup."
"It seems we're on the same wavelength."
Yuffie smirked. "Seems like." She didn't mind.
*
"One-two-three . . . I believe this will be enough, Yuffie."
"What of this one?"
Yuffie and Natalie blinked at each other before shifting their focus to the walkway between tall bookcases. Vincent approached, book open and expression guarded.
Natalie shot Yuffie a sidelong glance and cleared her throat. "What is it?" Thankfully, her voice exuded calm.
Yuffie set down her own handful of books and watched the pair, smirking.
"While more general in subject matter, it seems to cover the field quite extensively." He handed it forward, his gaze never wavering from her face.
Natalie cleared her throat again and accepted the book. Just stay calm, Nat. "Really? Hm. All right. We will take this one, too. Thank you."
"I'm gonna go find someone to help out with the parts and stuff," Yuffie said as she stepped past. "You guys do the boring brain work. I'm outta here."
Natalie's serious expression warmed to a smile. "All right, Yuffie. Good luck." She waved without turning. Silence settled like a blanket. Natalie cast Vincent a glance and focused once again on the books on the table. She placed his contribution on top.
"Forgive me."
"For--" Natalie blinked up at him in shock. "Forgive you? For what?"
"For earlier. For leaving so abruptly." Vincent's tone was almost too calm.
Natalie stared at him, slack-jawed. "Of course I forgive you. "
He shook his head. "It should never be 'of course'."
"Why not, Vincent? You didn't do anything but leave after I practically brow-beat you with personal questions. I don't blame you in the slightest. You have had a rough life, so you are--understandably--rough around the edges and deserve another chance. Heaven knows I have benefited from enough of those myself, so how can I not offer you the same? It is more than anyone else has offered."
The intensity of her statement reverberated in the room, glowing in Vincent's eyes as they watched her face.
Her gaze retreated, her fingers seeking out the pages of the top-most research book. "This is fun," she admitted, remembering Yuffie's advice. "Reminds me of school and research papers and science projects."
"Grade school? High school? Or college?"
Natalie looked up. Interest glittered in his expression. She smiled. "Yes."
Vincent motioned toward a collection of chairs farther within the library. "You were more at home when at school?"
Natalie cast another sidelong glance as she passed to a chair. "Unfortunately. My parents and I had opposing ideas of what was acceptable and what was not." She settled in an overstuffed chair setup by a massive wooden desk with clawed feet and tarnished brass handles. Vincent sat opposite her, his eyes never wavering their scrutiny of her face. "My research papers in high school uncovered several nasty facets to Shinra, but my parents still pushed me to enter into their hierarchy."
"You didn't want the same."
Natalie shook her head, flipping the pages and only vaguely taking note of the contents. "No. I wanted to go to college, earn my Masters in Archeology, and perhaps even a doctorate. Then I wanted to work at private digs, write articles, and research the Cetra. Like Professor Gast."
"Yet your parents didn't agree. They pushed for you to become involved with Shinra immediately following graduation from . . . high school?"
"Yes." She released a fast breath, dropping the book to her lap. "I simply could not do it. I despised Shinra and everything they stood for. Detested what they wanted for our future. Hojo worked for Shinra. I simply could not take that path. Not when I knew what he did. To you, to Lucrecia." She shook her head. "I couldn't."
"And so you became independent, supported by your tenacity and wit."
Natalie chuckled and lifted her gaze, surprised at the return of amusement to his eyes. The intensity softened when he was amused. "While I did not find it so poetic at the time, yes."
"And your Masters?"
"In science with a focus on Archeology. The Cetra, of course."
Vincent conceded the statement with a slight nod. "And what of your doctorate?"
Natalie laughed. "Side-tracked by delusions of grandeur" and romantic notions of saving a lost soul. Her smile wavered, but she held it in place. Vincent's lips twitched upward. She rested her elbow on the arm of the chair, her chin in her palm. "What about you?"
Vincent held her gaze. "You have read my file."
"I have, but I want to hear it from you."
His gaze shifted to the book in his hands. He ran his fingers along the binding and the cover as he turned it over and again. "It has been a long time since I held books in these hands. Thirty years? Forty? I don't remember."
Natalie watched him, her throat constricting as she did so. She straightened and looked down. "I am sorry. It was rude of me to pry. We don't need to talk about it."
Vincent gave a slight shake of his head as he raised his eyes. "Curiosity is natural for you."
She flushed, struggling with focusing on the words of the page. "Yes, but there's a time and place for everything. I usually forget that fact." She felt a bit of wetness run down her cheek and quickly wiped it away. "There is a lot to learn, engineering is intriguing, so I had better start studying," she whispered.
Natalie could feel him watching her as she searched the table of contents for the appropriate sections of the book. In fact, she could almost hear the question he wanted to ask. Or maybe she heard the statement he wanted to say. Or maybe she heard the question he wanted her to ask. Maybe all.
The first section of the book was eventually found and turned to, but the words refused to make sense as she read and reread paragraph number one. Natalie sighed, rubbing her forehead with a finger as she tried yet again to understand the general workings of engineering. It should have been simple compared to what she discovered of genetic engineering and DNA manipulation.
Natalie sighed and started again.
"I studied literature at University," Vincent said.
She blinked, and the words on the page vanished from her attention.
"I believed I wanted to teach once I earned my degree. What else was there to do? In school I was like you, independent with a leaning towards being a recluse. Although I did join the archery and sharp-shooting teams there. I wonder now if that was due to the need I had to be a part of something. A team. A . . . family."
Natalie swallowed hard and looked up to meet his intense amber gaze.
"That, of course, drew the attention of the Turks. I was 23 when I joined." Vincent dropped his gaze to the book in his hands. "My mother died when I was quite young; my father also. I believe I was 17. Living without their support made me . . . cold. I found it easier to live behind a wall of nothingness than face emotions which caused pain and misery. Yet another asset the Turks reaped for their benefit."
He released the book to his lap and, instead, stared down at his hand and claw with an expression tainted with memories and disgust. Natalie's throat tightened as she watched him.
"I suppose my current form is a culmination of the horrors I enacted all too eagerly. I did monstrous things. Hojo then made me a monster. How apropos."
Natalie shook her head, suddenly leaning forward in her chair to take his hands in hers and meet his gaze . . . it was cold and distant. "Vincent. Your life has been harder than some, I admit, but you aren't a monster." Her voice rang calmly enough, but panic held her in thrall. "That is why I looked for you, because I didn't--couldn't--believe the life you had before or after was what you wanted. What choice did you truly have? You did what you could to survive. To be part of something." Her hands tightened on his. "I want to help you find that something, but I need your help."
Vincent stared down at her, the memories and accusations crashing across his face . . . . Then the glaze and distance slowly began to fade. He inclined his head.
"Thank you." Natalie forced a smile, giving his hands a firm pressure before persuading herself to release them. "Now, let's start studying. I need power before I can cure you, and I am determined to have that before the week is out."
Vincent raised an eyebrow. "You shouldn't raise your hopes."
"Why not?" she asked. "If I don't give myself a goal or five, how do I improve?"
"But Cid has attempted the same without success."
"And what does that have to do with me?" Natalie focused on the book in her lap, flipping through the pages to yet again find the appropriate chapter. "I am quite certain I am not Cid Highwind."
"No, you aren't. Cid is an engineer with years of experience."
"Experience," she scoffed. "What's experience next to the desire to actually do what I've set out to do?"
"Pro--"
"Don't argue," Natalie scolded, punctuated by a sharp glance his direction.
Vincent blinked, expression mildly surprised. That quickly faded to a smirk. "Yes, Professor."
Natalie chuckled. "I am sorry, but I warned you about my lack of tact." Vincent lowered his gaze to the book in his hand and opened it to begin reading. She watched him, her lips caressed with a smile.
VIII
ELSEWHERE . . . 

"You want what?"
"I want you and Shera to come up with a power source for a computer in the basement laboratory of the Shinra Mansion," Tifa said again.
Cid released a long sentence solely comprised of expletives as he threw his cigarette to the ground. "And how the hell am I supposed to do that when I still haven't come up with a god-damned power source for the farming equipment Barret wants so fucking bad?"
"I don't care how you do it, Cid. It's for Vincent, okay?"
"Vincent? That spook? What the hell does he need it for?"
"There's a professor who might be able to cure him." Cid stared at her in shock. Then he lit another cigarette. "I'm serious. She has an idea and wants to give it a try."
"She? Damned if a woman would be able to cure anything," he scoffed after a deep drag.
Tifa frowned as she crossed her arms. "Cid, you and Shera are the only hope--"
"Well, then I guess you won't get your god-damned power source."
"Fine. I'll ask the professor. She seems to have more brains than you right now."
Cid snorted and strode away. Shera stepped up a few minutes later. "I'll come, Tifa, if you think that would help."
"I'm sure Natalie will appreciate all the help she can get."
Shera looked after Cid with a slight smile. "He's frustrated. It hasn't been going so well."
Tifa threw up her hands in exasperation. "Fine. That doesn't mean he has to be a jerk, does it?"
Shera smirked. "It's Cid, Tifa."
"I know. I know."
Shera gnawed her lower lip. "Tifa, is it true this professor has a cure for Vincent?"
"That's what she was trying to do on the computer at the Shinra Mansion in Nibelheim. Only problem is, our dear Cloud wrecked the computer before she could do anything other than get her hopes up. It was hooked up to a Mako generator, you see."
"Oh." Shera wrinkled her nose in concentration. "A Mako generator, hm? How small was it?"
"I'm not sure exactly. All I know is that it wasn't very big. If Shinra can do it, why can't we? I figured that with the three of you working together you'd be able to come up with a safe alternative to Mako. Don't you think?"
Shera nodded absently. "I better go get packed."
She turned and walked away. Tifa stared after her with a smile and a shake of her head.
*
Shera stepped into Cid's house and immediately set to work fixing him tea. It didn't matter whether he wanted some or not. That was simply one of her duties. She made tea, kept his house clean, his laundry current, and helped him with his research and experiments regarding environmentally safe alternatives for the equipment that would be so desperately needed. It was the least she could do to repay him for saving her life at the cost of his own dreams.
Cid slammed into the house with a few extra expletives as he tossed himself into a chair at the table. She set a teacup in front of him, the teapot beside him, and the sugar within easy reach before she turned to go.
"Shera, what do you think?"
Shera turned back toward him. "What do I think about what?"
"About what Tifa said. About the whole idea of going to Nibelheim to help some broad with nary a thought in her head."
"I was going to go." He glared at her for a long moment before tossing a couple sugar cubes into his teacup. Shera thought the cup would crack. "It seemed you had some better ideas once you got back from your short trip to Nibelheim. What's to say that working with someone other than me might break loose your block?"
"Damned if you aren't right. Shit. I hate it when you're right." He jerked the hat from his head and threw it to the table. "Pour the damn tea, woman. Then we'll pack. I have a feeling we're going to be there for a while."
Shera hurried forward and grabbed for the teapot, nearly dumping it into his lap in her excitement. He leaped clear and snorted with a shake of his head.
*
Cloud reigned in the gold chocobo outside a tent he recognized as Tifa's. He took off the saddle and bridle, set it off to graze with Tifa's blue one, and then ducked inside the tent. She was tucked into her sleeping bag reading a book. He set his sword and scabbard by the door and then sat on the ground beside her.
Tifa lowered the book to give him a smile. "Hey, you. What's with the face? Couldn't find Yuffie?"
He laid back to rest his head against her stomach. She immediately began playing with his spiked hair, just as she always did. "Nah. Nobody's seen her for weeks. She never disappears until someone actually needs something."
"It can't be that bad. Don't you think Shera and Cid can handle it? They've done a good job so far."
Cloud shrugged. "I guess, but this is going to be different. This time they need to come up with something that actually works."
Tifa gave him a playful knock on the head. "Give them a break, Cloud. It's hard to work under pressure with someone like Barret constantly looking over your shoulder. Don't you remember?"
"I know, I know. I guess I'm just getting a little frustrated with the slow progress. I mean, it's been a month. We should have some kind of idea for a power supply by now. The people are getting nervous."
"So are you, it sounds like." Tifa sat up, carefully adjusting Cloud's head into her lap. She smiled down at him. "You know, you don't have to be the savior all the time. Take a vacation. Let someone else worry about the planet and everyone on it."
One side of his lips tilted upward. "Sounds like a good idea, but . . . ."
Tifa smiled wider. "But you like being the good guy."
"Well, yeah."
She kissed his forehead. "That's what I like about you." She gazed down at him expectantly. "Okay, Mr. Good Guy, what's the plan? You can't find Yuffie, I can't get a definite answer from Mr. Pain-In-Everyone's-Ass, and we have a shy professor in love with a distant and close-mouthed ex-Turk. What do you suggest we do?"
Cloud was quiet for a long time before he let out a quick breath and looked away from Tifa's face. "Go on vacation?"
She chuckled. "Hey, you started it. You can't back out now."
"Why not? We've got the tent, the girl, the boy--"
Tifa flushed. "Hold it right there, Mister."
Cloud laughed. "You're too easy." He sat up before she could clobber him, rolling to a standing position. "I'm going to go get my bedroll and tent and start setting up. If you want to help . . ."
He ducked outside. Tifa put her hands on her hips with a shake of her head and a slow smile. Then she slipped free of the sleeping bag and put on her shoes. She stepped outside to help Cloud.
"So are you going back to Nibelheim to help Natalie?"
Cloud nodded. "Yeah. I've got to. I feel like a jerk for what I did before."
"I'm sure she'll appreciate the gesture. I don't think she feels all that great about how she acted either."
"I deserved it."
Tifa nodded with a laugh. "Yes, you did. And she gave it to you squarely between the eyes. It was great fun to watch."
"Ha ha. Very funny."
They secured the tent, and then Cloud disappeared inside to set up his bedroll. Tifa waited outside until he emerged again. "Say, Cloud, let's go for a walk. We need to get firewood anyway."
"Sure. Let me get my sword." He slipped on the massive scabbard, adjusted the sword on his back, and then grabbed her hand. "Just don't ask me what I'm going to do about Natalie and the whole Vincent thing. I haven't any idea, and I don't want to think about it either."
Tifa tightened her grip on his hand with a smile. "Okay."
IX
EXPERIMENTS OF FRUSTRATION

"Yes. That makes sense," Natalie muttered, "but this? No. I must have read wrong. Where was that page?"
Vincent adjusted his position against the tree as he watched her. One of her curls had strayed the fetters of her no-nonsense ponytail to continuously tickle her forehead. This, of course, encouraged the occasional action of blowing air through her lips to chase it away, or the ever-effective swipe of the back-of-hand or wrist. Apparently, Natalie wasn't too worried about preventing grease or oil spots with the action. She already had quite a collection on her forehead and nose, as well as on her jeans and sweatshirt.
Of course, the quad had been working on the project for nearly 10 hours.
Yuffie and Red, who had been found exploring the fossil ruins on the other side of Mt. Nibel, were now en route to Wutai to procure a waterwheel. Natalie, on the other hand, was double-checking connections and modifications as she readied the contraption for its first test. She hadn't taken a break since the two emerged from the basement lab of Shinra Mansion.
At times it was a bittersweet duty Vincent had chosen, watching her. She reminded him of Lucrecia in so many ways. Her intelligence. Her tenacity. Her determination. There the similarities ceased. A softer and more humorous side overlaid all of Natalie's aggressive traits. Vincent couldn't remember whether or not Lucrecia had shown the same. It had been too long.
"Ouch!" Natalie dropped whatever tool she had been using and rubbed at an unknown body part with a frown.
"What happened?" he found himself asking.
She absently nodded, and then her head once again disappeared out of his field of vision. One of Vincent's eyebrows twitched. Yes. She is tenacious and persistent.
"Blast!" Natalie exclaimed.
Vincent straightened and made his way toward her. Natalie sat back on her heels with a grease and grime covered hand to her forehead as the other rested on her hip.
He crouched beside her. "Blast what?"
Natalie released an annoyed breath. "Of all the--It's so simple," she muttered, again wiping away the curl with the back of her hand. "Why am I having such an issue?"
"Perhaps you need a break?" Vincent offered as he watched her face.
Natalie wrinkled her nose and leaned toward the would-be generator again. "What is wrong with you?" she asked the machine. "Quit fighting and just do it. Sheesh." Her head ducked inside.
Vincent smirked. "Professor."
"Not now please," she said in an absent tone, muffled from the innards of the machine. "Busy."
His smile widened. "Yes, I know. However, dinner calls."
"Tell them I'll be there in a minute," came the muffled response. A hand reached out for a tool, grabbed it, and disappeared inside.
A chuckle fought back the inner cold as he straightened. "Very well."
Vincent stepped toward Nibelheim and the Item Shop to get something for her to eat. How he would persuade her to step away from the project would be the interesting challenge. He didn't believe she would be completely uncooperative. He simply needed to find the best way to attract--or distract--her attention. Memories of Lucrecia's own type of one-track persistence made him believe such would be a challenge but not impossible. She would either respond with irritation or with . . . patience?
Vincent's eyebrow twitched. He didn't know enough about her to expect a reaction either way. In fact, their current relationship was nothing but a . . . fascination? Yes. Natalie was lovely, with her shoulder-length auburn curls, sparkling green eyes, and slight build containing such passion and intensity. But there burned something deeper which fascinated him. Her persona.
The green eyes which glimmered with concern and empathy, though her own life could not possibly equate to his own tortures. The lips which easily spoke encouragement when she remained silent. The simple loveliness of her face which brightened . . . when he was seen. Yes. She fascinated him. Her acceptance. Her tenacity. All for him. Yet shouldn't I still be considered a stranger to her? A stranger? To the one who understood him better than anyone had? A stranger to the one who had studied him and his history for nearly half their lifetime? A stranger? Vincent shook his head. No, she has never been that. A concept that was hard to grasp.
Vincent released a slow breath as he paused on the threshold of the Item Shop. He looked down at his hands: claw and human. Monster and man. Then he shifted that stare once more toward Mt. Nibel. She didn't flinch. At each touch, she did not cringe or retract. And that was harder to grasp. The understanding or reasoning wouldn't be held or understood.
Vincent's gaze returned to his hands. "I don't know."
All he had come to believe began to crumble. To her I am neither monster, nor heartless Turk, nor destroyer of families. I am not a robber of hope. I am . . . Vincent blinked as he slowly lowered his arms to his side and stepped inside the Item Shop.
*
"Damn it."
Vincent heard a tell-tale sniff, and his brow furrowed. He set the bag of lunch upon the grass near the tree opposite the would-be generator. "What is it?" he asked as he approached.
Vincent found Natalie sitting tailor-style behind the metal box, tools and books splayed out in front of her, grease smudges still coloring her face, and a bit of blood on varying knuckles. She rested her elbows/arms on her knees as she stared into the box, a trail of tears fighting against the grease on her cheeks.
Vincent knelt beside her.
Natalie blinked, turning her face slightly to the left. She gave a tremulous smile. "Oh. Hello."
"What has happened?"
She sighed. Then she stood, brushing the debris from her worn jeans. "I must not have read a section right. I fried a circuit board." And her voice caught on the tears of frustration.
Vincent stood as well, intensely watching her face. The expression of disappointment and grief grabbed his cold heart and twisted. "We have more," he reminded.
"I know. I just . . . I simply didn't want to waste them on my stupid mistakes."
Vincent raised an eyebrow. "You cannot blame yourself when you aren't familiar with--"
"I know." Natalie sighed again, raising her gaze to his face. "At this juncture, I think it would help everyone if I took a break."
Vincent nodded and gestured toward the tree some 20 feet away. "I brought dinner."
"You did?" Natalie smiled. "Thank you."
He walked beside her to the tree. "You were distracted, understandably so, and apparently didn't hear what I intended."
"Oh." Natalie flushed, sending him an occasional sidelong glance. "I do that sometimes. Sorry."
Vincent held her hand to steady her as she sat. "I know." He sat beside her and handed her the bag. "Tuna sandwich and grape juice. I asked them to make it less sweet than what is normally requested."
Natalie's eyes widened as she took the bag. "How did . . .?"
"The aroma of tuna and grape juice is hard to confuse with anything else."
"You mean . . .? The picnics I had down there . . .? Oh my gosh." Natalie stared down at the bag in her hand.
Vincent examined her face. "What is it?"
"N-Nothing." She reached inside and pulled out the grape juice, unscrewing the plastic lid after giving it a collection of firm shakes. "I hope Red and Yuffie get back soon with that waterwheel."
"You should show me where you will need the wheel installed before they arrive."
Natalie met his gaze, lowering the bottle of grape juice as an eyebrow arched upward. "Why?"
"'Why?' No one else will be able to install it without falling into the river below."
"But . . . won't the waterwheel be heavy? I don't want you to fall in either."
Vincent's lips relaxed into a slight smile. "I hadn't intended to."
"All the same, I would feel more comfortable if we fixed a rope to it and lowered it down to you. Once you have a firm position, of course."
"While the concern is appreciated, it isn't necessary."
Natalie set aside her grape juice with a deliberate action, her eyes focusing on her fingers that still held the bottle. "Vincent, there will be a rope attached to the waterwheel. It will be lowered to you once you're safely positioned, and you will have a safety harness attached."
Amusement lifted the corners of his lips. "Yes, Professor."
Natalie cast Vincent a sheepish smile. "Thank you."
He examined her profile, the slight flush of her cheeks, the uncertain smile, the persistent innocence. "No one has cared one way or the other." He looked away, gaze focusing on the distant horizon. "Have they?" But the memories wouldn't come.
"What about your father?" she asked hesitantly.
Vincent shook his head. "I don't remember. It has been too long."
She focused on the sandwich in her hands, her fingers picking at the crust. "I am sorry you don't remember your family," she whispered.
Vincent felt the surprising warmth of comfort from the statement.
"Yo, Vinnie! Nat! Where are ya?"
Vincent stood. "Eat. I will see what Yuffie and Red have brought."
Natalie lifted her chin in a slight nod.
He stood and made his way to the path leading toward Nibelheim. Yuffie and Red were coming up the way. "Yuffie. Red. Did you find one?"
"As a matter of fact," Red started.
"Damn straight," Yuffie guffawed, "and the thing's huge!"
"Where is it?" Vincent asked as he met them. The trio stopped.
Yuffie jerked over her shoulder. "Back in the buggy. Too heavy. Can you give us a hand?"
"Of course."
"I will see how Natalie is coming on the generator," Red said before moving on.
Vincent and Yuffie made their way back to Nibelheim. "So how is Nat doin' on the thing?" she asked.
"She seems to have damaged a circuit board."
"So? We've got more."
Vincent nodded. "I know. I told her." He cast Yuffie a sidelong glance. "She demands perfection from herself in everything."
"Hm. Kinda figured." Yuffie motioned back the way she had come. "It's this way. Come on."
*
Natalie smiled. "Hi, Red. How did it go?"
"Good." Red stretched before lying down in front of Natalie with a deep breath. "It felt good to be on a type of quest. Haven't done so in months."
"Did you find a waterwheel?"
Red nodded and set to the duty of thoroughly licking the trail dust from his paws and fur. "Yes," he said between licks. "Quite a large one."
"Really? Oh good. Then we shouldn't need  to worry about the speed of the water damaging it, at least not for a long time." Natalie wiped the tuna-juice from her fingers and set the sandwich aside. Then she stood to her feet and made her way over to the cliff, looking over with her hands on her hips. "There's a little ledge here, so that would probably be the best. That way we can have someone go down on regular intervals to do maintenance and such. Hm." Natalie examined the other side of the river. "If it's big enough, we might even be able to secure it from both sides. That way it would be even more sturdy and long-lasting. What do you think?"
"A very wise precaution," Red agreed as he sat down beside her. "And I do believe the wheel is large enough to do that very thing."
"Oh good. I was hoping we wouldn't need to install double wheels. Then you have the problem of making them able to run at different intervals, so that you don't have to secure them to run the same." Natalie shivered. "Saves time, that's for sure."
Red nodded, still staring down at the rushing and raging waters below. "How is the generator coming along? Did you need any help?"
Natalie sighed, lowering herself to a sitting position beside Red. "I don't think I can do it by myself. I have already made a mistake that cost a circuit board and the hour or two of time it will take to replace it."
Red looked over at her. "Then don't attempt to do it by yourself," he said, matter-of-fact. "Vincent and I understand the concept almost as much as you do, Natalie. There's no reason for you to not ask for help, nor for us to keep it from you."
Natalie flushed as she tucked an imaginary curl behind her ear. "Bad habit."
"One that you will try harder to break?"
She chuckled, finally meeting Red's gaze. "Yes, sir."
Red smiled. Then he licked her face, purring as he rubbed his cheek against hers. "I am the last one to enjoy scolding, Natalie. Thank you for understanding."
She scrubbed him behind the ears before standing to her feet. "Why shouldn't I understand? I deserved that one."
"Yes, but that is generally when we don't want to hear the scolding."
Natalie conceded the point with a nod. "Now that I understand."
Red headed toward the would-be generator. "Shall we do our best to fix what is broken?"
She followed. "Yes. Please. Any moment I will start pulling my hair out, and no one wants to see that mess."
Red looked over the pages in the book as Natalie sat beside him and started explaining what she accomplished thus far.
"It's just so frustrating," Natalie confessed once she'd finished her explanation. "I have this itch in the back of my head that something isn't right, but I simply cannot put my finger on it."
Red nodded. "Yes, and now the frustration serves only to cloud your mind to the possible solution."
"I know," Natalie agreed with wide eyes and a raised hand. "That's why I was having dinner. Vincent thought I needed a break. I agreed."
Red didn't raise his eyes from the book. "Once he and Yuffie arrive with the wheel, why don't you and he see about plotting the mechanism for the wind tunnel."
"No."
Red lifted his eyes. "Pardon?"
"We need to get the cliff ready for the insertion of the wheel," she reminded, pointing toward the ledge.
"Of course," Red said, patient. "Yuffie already has plans to do that."
"She'll need--"
"No," Red interrupted. "She won't need your help. She won't need Vincent's. We have a rope ladder, which we will fasten tightly to the top of the cliff here and lower below."
"But, Red--"
"Natalie."
Natalie took in a deep breath and released it slowly. "Very well. I'm sorry, papa."
Red smiled. "I hardly think that's called for."
Laughing, she gestured to the innards of the box. "Any ideas?"
Red nodded as he looked within. "As a matter of fact, yes, but only due to the past history of watching my grandfather repair his refrigerator."
"You're kidding."
Red shook his head. "I'll walk you through it."
"Thank you." Natalie picked up her tools. "Let's get busy."
*
Vincent heard the roar and whistle of the wind tunnel before he and Natalie even made their way around the back of the reactor.
"Do you hear that?" she asked him, sending his silent form a sidelong glance. "I hope we can find a fan hardy enough to withstand that pull. If we don't . . ." Natalie shook her head. "Yuffie is going to swear a blue streak."
Vincent smirked.
When the pair began to feel the pull of the wind tunnel, they stopped and simply examined the cave-like tunnel and the nearly visible wind current within.
Natalie rested fists on hips. "Hm. Now here's a puzzle. The circumference of the tunnel is larger than the height of the opening." She tilted her head, not noticing that Vincent scrutinized her rather than the cave. "We likely won't be able to install a fan as large as the tunnel itself, which is unfortunate. It would be a better utilization of the wind-force."
She crossed her arms and took a step forward to get a better look within, not noticing that the wind began to whip her auburn curls about her face. She only absently brushed them from her face. Vincent kept careful eye on her as he slowly followed her step, gauging the force of the pull of the wind as he did so.
"I suppose we could install a tall pole that would then be attached to the generator out here, and then we could affix more than one fan to said pole. That would give us double or triple utilization. Although . . . there may be a challenge with the timing of the blades, unless we hook up more than one generator."
Natalie took another step toward the tunnel, and Vincent again followed. This time the greater pull of the wind made his body tense as he readied himself for a quick reaction. "Professor," he warned.
She absently nodded, cupping an elbow in her opposite hand as she tapped her lips with a long finger. "I know. That may not be necessary, if I can get the timing and circuitry correct in the one. And it would be a waste of hardware we could use elsewhere." She pointed at the tunnel. "If only I could reason a way of installing larger fans into the tunnel walls, with a metal guide within the rock of course. Then we could have the calibration unit fastened to the rock wall out here, and that would regulate the input to the generator. Although . . . hm."
She again tapped her lips, her auburn brows furrowing in a slight frown as she made a move to step forward yet again. This time, however, Vincent grabbed hold of her arm and kept her back.
Natalie blinked up at him. "What's the matter?" she asked, green eyes wide.
Vincent pulled the bit of material from her hair, supposedly intended to keep it from her face, and released it. The bit of blue material was immediately sucked into the tunnel and launched violently upward. Natalie stared at it for a long moment before clearing her throat and peeking at him.
Vincent released her arm. "A safe distance would be wise."
She laughed. "Yes. You have a point." She motioned toward the wind tunnel. "So, what is your opinion on the matter? Do Midgar or Cosmo Canyon have any wind towers powerful or sturdy enough to handle something like this?"
He regarded her a moment before shifting his attention to the wind tunnel. "More than likely. Red would be the better one to ask."
"Certainly, but you have seen them in action. From what I understand from Yuffie, the wind towers at Cosmo Canyon don't need to withstand as powerful a gust as what's here. Do you think it would take much to condition them for that?"
Her continued questions on his opinion drew his attention. "I don't know."
"Well, I suppose we will need to go and see," she volunteered, holding his gaze. "We could go after we have the water-wheel setup and running smoothly? I am certain Yuffie and Red will let us borrow the buggy." She smiled. "Of course, I don't think I will need the power of the wind tower to run the little computer in the lab, so maybe we should put it off until I cure you. What do you think is best?"
Fascination and intrigue swelled, especially at the memory of her spark of temper in the hallway of the Shinra Mansion and her remark of disdain for the risk to the--"What of the planet?"
Natalie wrinkled her nose, dismissing the question with a wave before taking hold of his arm. Again, her touch did not flinch away from the cool golden metal as she led him back toward the clearing. "The planet will still be here in a week, and I highly doubt putting off the installation of a wind tower will sabotage anything. First come first served, and you, sir, have waited patiently for nearly 30 years. I do believe that is long enough, don't you?"
Vincent caught and held her sidelong smirk. Perhaps.
*
"I do not like this," Natalie muttered as she secured the rope around the waterwheel.
Vincent assisted while Red made certain Yuffie didn't take unnecessary risks with the fasteners on the cliff's side.
Her eyes flickered to his face and then back to her duty. "Not to be a doom-sayer, but . . . Vincent, I have a bad feeling."
He double-checked the security of the knot before going to her side. "I have completed more dangerous tasks than this and lived to tell the tale."
Natalie bit her lower lip. "Just be doubly careful this time. Can you do that for me, please?"
He handed her the harness he was to wear. "I will."
She helped him strap into it. "Promise?"
Vincent stared down at her trembling hands as they worked with the belt of the harness. When she looked up, he could see the uncertainty in her expression. It was the first time he had seen that expression since looking into the face of Lucrecia that evening--
Natalie stepped forward to enfold him in an embrace. Vincent blinked in surprise. When she stepped back, her features were taut and stern.
"I will have a firm hold on this rope, Mr. Valentine," she told him, matter-of-fact. "No heroics. You understand me?" She held his gaze for a fraction of a moment more before stepping back and motioning for the cliff. "Get a position. Then we'll lower the wheel."
Vincent gauged her countenance a moment before doing as he directed. He stepped up to the extreme edge, gauging the distance as Yuffie made her way up the rope ladder. "How is it down there?" he asked.
Yuffie pulled herself up and then brushed the dirt from her trousers. "A bit gusty. Nearly toppled twice. Watch it."
Vincent gave a brief nod, again gauged the distance, and then dropped over the side.
"Vincent Valentine!" he heard Natalie yell down after him.
He smirked as his feet touched ground. Yuffie hadn't exaggerated. He tested his footing, noted the ground was a bit slick, and then tested the harness.
"Ready!" he called up to them. "Lower the wheel!"
The trio rolled it very carefully over the side, Red doing an admirable job of slowing its progress with a firm jaw-hold on the rope. Vincent rose from the ground, conscious of the gusts and what they did to his position, and intercepted the wheel partway down. Then he guided it slow and deliberate into the restraining holsters Yuffie setup on either side. One side clicked into place. The other didn't.
Vincent frowned. "Hold tight up there! We seem to have a problem!" He directed himself over to the other side of the wheel. A stone had become lodged in the harness. "Pull up the far side! I need to dislodge a rock!"
Grunts and grumbles sounded from above and the appropriate side began to lift. Vincent waited a moment longer--he swiped the pebbles, retrieving his hand just as the wheel slipped into place.
"Vincent! Are you okay?"
He raised himself up into their view, lowering himself into a sitting position on the opposite bank. "Fine."
Natalie released a fast breath, a lock of auburn flying vertical as she did so. She lowered her head. "Thank god." Then she sat back on her heels, pointing at him with a single finger, eyes narrowed. "And you are in so much trouble, Mr. Valentine."
Vincent crossed his arms, his lips caressed with a smile. "I wore the harness. I never said I would use the ladder."
Fists on hips. "Ooo," she said with a meaningful glare.
Vincent smirked.
Natalie suddenly laughed. "I believe it is time for this Professor to take a nap. I seem a bit crankier than my usual, charming self." She rubbed her eyes with the backs of her hands before giving a nice long stretch.
Vincent raised an eyebrow. Her graceful movements reminded him of a cat.
"It is good thing I brought pillows and blankets earlier." Natalie continued to smile as she pushed to her feet. "And I think I will make use of them right now. But." She pointed at him with a sudden expression of seriousness. "You, Mr. Valentine, are still in trouble."
Vincent released a chuckle.
Red and Yuffie laughed.
*
"Natalie."
There was a soft touch to her cheek. Natalie smiled and slowly opened her eyes. "Hello," she murmured.
Vincent lowered his hand, and Natalie noticed an odd glint in his eyes.
"We are about to test it," he told her. "I thought you would want to see."
She nodded and yawned, brushing the fog back from her eyes with the backs of her hands. She sat up, still holding the blankets around her. Vincent helped her to her feet. "Thank you," she said sleepily. When Natalie wobbled, Vincent steadied her with an arm to her waist. Ooo. I like that. It lowered. Drat.
Natalie focused her attention to the soon-to-be power generator. "I doubt it will work the first time, but we will at least know where to go from here." She and Vincent came to stop a few feet away from the metal box. Yuffie and Red gathered expectantly on the other side. Natalie released a slow breath. "Well, you might as well turn it on."
Yuffie held up a small box with wires snaking to the generator. "We rigged up a long-distance turn-on switch so we wouldn't get blasted apart." She motioned back. "You might want to step back a bit."
The trio did as suggested.
Yuffie took in a deep breath, looked down at the 'on' switch in her hand, and then pushed it. Nothing happened. Yuffie glowered. "Damn it to hell!"
She threw the 'on' switch at the machine. It crashed, whirred to life, and then stopped with a tremendous groan and growl followed very closely by smoke billowing out the side.
"Disconnect it from the wheel!" Natalie shouted while hurrying forward. "Quick! Before all the circuits melt!"
Everyone rushed for the box.
*
"That should be it. Here we go." Natalie took in a deep breath, closed her eyes, and pushed the button. The generator spluttered to life. She opened first one eye and then the other. The generator still hummed. She released her held breath, sending a hopeful look over her left shoulder toward Vincent. His gaze moved from their focus on the generator to her. She smiled.
"Yes!" Yuffie hollered as she leaped into the air. "The damn thing works!"
Natalie heard a whine begin from the machine, and her gaze snapped to its dull sheen. Her smile disappeared. "No," she whispered. "You can do it. Just hold on."
She felt Vincent's hand on her shoulder when the whine became a shudder and moan. Before Natalie could turn it off, there was a spark and a slight internal explosion. The tears burned, but she pushed them aside, swallowing hard at the lump of defeat. She clicked off the machine and stepped forward, organizing in her mind where they would start again. And again. And yet again. I will get this contraption running. Natalie only wished it wouldn't have taken so much time.
*
Yuffie sat up, rapidly blinking her eyes. She stood and dusted herself off. "Damn. I thought that one was going to work for sure."
Vincent helped Natalie to her feet. "Are you all right?"
Natalie smiled up at him with a nod before brushing the debris from her jeans and t-shirt. Their most recent attempt at natural power had failed, again. "Yes, but I agree with Yuffie. I thought we had it right that time."
Red shook the debris from his mane before looking at the rubble of the hopeful power source with disappointment. "I suppose we should start again, but so many failures has me a little depressed."
Yuffie nodded as she put her hands on her hips. "Damn straight."
Vincent watched Natalie's expressions. "What do you propose?"
She faced the small crater, her shoulders lifting with her deep breath. "In all honesty, I don't know. I need some time to think before we try again."
"Fine. You can think all you want. Red and me are going to go get some sleep." Yuffie pulled at Red's tail.
Natalie waved without shifting her gaze from the rubble. All her hard work, again, resulted in nothing but another contribution to the waste bin. Tears burned. "I would rather not try this again tonight."
Vincent continued to watch her. "You're close," he told her. "Each one has lasted a little longer. This one for nearly an hour."
"I know. But . . . I wanted to focus this time on your cure, Vincent, not the power source." She shook her head. "I simply cannot take another failure. The expectancy of success followed so closely with the devastation of disappointment . . . I-I just can't." Natalie turned to follow after Yuffie and Red. She stopped when Vincent didn't follow. "What's the matter?"
He watched her, intensely, for another moment before shaking his head and looking away. "Nothing. Good night."
Natalie pinched her lower lip, debating--Don't badger! "Good night," she said softly.
She turned away, tucking an auburn curl behind her ear as she did so. Natalie didn't blame him for being withdrawn and silent. Witnessing failure after failure, knowing that the next one could be the final hope or the final defeat of that hope? Natalie rubbed at her forehead. "Maybe the conversion rate is off . . . ? She wished she could have given him a better nightmare to go to that night.
TEN
NIGHTMARE ANGEL

. . ."Lucrecia" . . .
Her face faded in and out of his memory, dim and shadowed with each passing nightmare. A tickle of a past he never wanted . . . and then he heard a voice in a corner of his mind. A voice with a tremble. A voice with a touch of joy and a smile. That voice forbade the face of his past hell from coming.
Vincent beckoned to the darkness again, but it didn't come as completely as before. It was different. Finally, he conceded defeat and allowed the voice to create the nightmare.
It began with a shaded forest and a sunny, warm afternoon. The Sleeping Forest. Vincent hesitantly stepped forward, looking intently for the owner of the voice who continued to weave stories of history colored with fun and discovered mysteries. There was a melodious ring of laughter, and a shadow passed behind a tree. Vincent moved toward it without realizing he did so.
"Lucrecia?" he called.
The laughter stopped, and the warmth of the forest drifted to a sudden chill. The abrupt shift felt as a blow to his stomach. He stepped forward when the shadow passed behind another tree, reaching that tree just as the shadow passed behind another.
"Wait! Where are you going? What do you want from me?"
He heard a soft cry of sorrow and moved toward the sound. There was only emptiness and forest. Vincent searched, his movements quick and jerky. A deep, hidden part of him wanted this shadow, but he didn't know where to search. Or by what name to call to it, even though that 'something' had him by the very soul and refused to release its grip.
"Please. Forgive me," the shadow whispered on the breeze.
Vincent stepped out into the open, peering to the canopy of the trees in hopes he would find it. But it was gone, and only the murmur of its continued tears remained behind. The cold tears of mourning.
"Forgive you? Forgive you of what? Who are you?"
The forest scene faded to blackness and the silence began to eat at his sanity . . .
*
Natalie stared at the Shinra mansion for a long time before finally allowing herself to approach. Her throat constricted, a warning to the tears lurking under her emotional surface. She cleared her throat as she climbed the stairs to the room that would lead to the spiral staircase.
"Okay, Nat. You can do this. Yes, communication is not your strong suit, but how hard can it be?" If he slept within his coffin, it would be easier. She could say anything to the box. If he was sitting on it, though . . . .
She shook off the memory of the dream, steering her mind quickly away from any hint of what could or could not be. As she made her way down the corridor, her pace slowed, though her thoughts came more quickly. "No. You must see this through. You promised yourself an honest try, remember? In everything. He deserves that chance at least."
She came to stand outside the door to his sanctuary, but she could only stare at the scarred and stained wooden door. What was she going to do? Pretend she didn't see the agony on his face with each failure? It wasn't an option, and she knew that beyond a shadow of a doubt.
She took in a slow breath and opened the door, closing it very softly behind her. His coffin was closed, but the silence had shifted to something . . . heavy. It wasn't the same as before. The silence was almost . . . suffocating in its intensity. She had to decide. Did she continue on? Or did she . . . stop? Did she admit the defeat to both of their hopes?
Natalie hid her face in her hands. "Vincent, I don't know what to do," she said, voice muffled through her hands. "I meant to talk to you before, but I didn't know how. I don't do well in situations like this. It has forever been a fault of mine, preferring to bury my head in my work rather than face the problem and deal with it."
The silent intensity lessened to suspicious listening.
Natalie lowered her hands to focus glimmering green eyes on the coffin. "I more than likely could have saved myself some confrontations while working at Bone Village if I had chosen to speak before the situation got out of hand. They were ugly; let me tell you that right away. That was one of the reasons I left the dig so many times."
The silence itched at her brain, and she lowered her gaze to the absent kicking of her booted toes against the crypt floor. "It wasn't completely my fault," she continued. "The head digger was a bone-head, no pun intended. The last straw was when he would go tromping around the dig site in those god-awful shoes of his and then be as mad as a who-knows-what when something showed up with a fresh break. Blamed us every time. Well, I finally had enough. I stomped right up to him and told him what for. I shocked him clear out of his head, allowing me the time to pack up and leave. He still hadn't said anything by the time I walked past him." She smirked. "You should have seen the look on his face!"
"Lucrecia?"
The smile vanished and Natalie dropped her chin, hands balled into fists at her side. "I . . . I suppose I should have known better." They had something special, and she would forever be in his memories. How could she not when he felt responsible for her life and her death? She shook her head. "It's too late, Nat. It's too late," she murmured.
Natalie turned for the door, a tear escaping her control.
"Wait. Where are you going? Why are you here? What do you want from me?"
"I--" Her voice broke, agony refusing to be swallowed. Did she even know the answer to his question? Did she look to him to satisfy her ridiculous romantic dreams? Did she simply him to need her? Or did she want to have him indebted to her in a way he had never been before. She shook her head. "I can't do that to you. It is simply unfair." No one should have that control over somebody else.
A sob broke through her reserve as she rushed again toward the door, fumbling with the handle with both hands before finally yanking it open. Tears burned, vision blurred even as she glanced toward the scarred coffin with a yearning expression. "Please. Forgive me."
She pulled the door shut tight and ran headlong down the corridor, tears flowing freely to the floor below.
--Vincent pushed off the cover, gasping upright as hands gripped the sides of his coffin. The room stood empty. No shadow hovered on the other side of the door. No voice whispered with joy or laughter. No tears were shed. Vincent vaulted from the coffin and clawed open the door, desperation surging him forward. The hallway was empty--no! A figure, just there!
He surged toward the staircase, but even now the footsteps were but faint echoes. The room at the top of the spiral staircase stood empty, as were the rooms and hallways beyond. Dread rose up to choke him, and he fought it back as he hurried down the main staircase to the front doors of the Mansion. The walkway empty. The gate securely closed.
Vincent stepped forward, his eyes narrowed as they examined all. No shadows. He almost turned away when he heard a door shut. He raised his head sharply and vaulted into the air, hovering quite still as he attempted to gauge the direction.
The inn.
He dropped to the ground. The inn. He clenched his jaw and turned away, but he could not move another step toward the door of the mansion. If the shadow from the strange nightmare was Natalie . . . What did that mean? How could she have entered the realm of his nightmares? How could she have controlled what he saw? How could she have heard his questions?
The sound of the door opening again made him stiffen, but he still could not move. Then there were footsteps coming closer . . . closer . . . and still closer. They stopped, hesitated, and began again to halt directly behind him.
"I came to say good-bye."
Shock spun him to face her. Natalie stood a mere foot away. Her curls tousled, cheeks wet, and eyes red with crying. "Why?"
Those trembling hands fluttered in a gesture of . . . confusion and loss. "I'm . . . I should have known better than to--" Natalie covered her mouth, unable to prevent the sob which broke free. She turned away. "It is better if I go."
Panic flickered, bombarding his hope with terror. "No. It is not."
"Yes, it is. If I go, you can sleep and not worry about life. It's easier. I . . . I can't do this anymore." Her voice faded into tears.
"Why?"
Natalie swiped the tears from her face and lifted her chin, straightening her shoulders as she faced him. Her green eyes glimmered as they held his gaze, unflinching. "Because it might not work. Because it might work. And if it does? What if my theory doesn't? What if--you might die."
"My death would be better than living the remainder of my existence in that box."
"But I don't want you to die," Natalie cried, her hands stretching outward, reaching for . . . him. "Can't you see that, Vincent? If this doesn't work, I could live with that. At least you would be here. Breathing. Dreaming. But if I killed you . . . ?" She shook her head and lowered her hands to hang at her side. "I . . . I couldn't live with that."
"It doesn't matter if I die--"
"It does matter!" Natalie grabbed each of his arms, staring into his eyes without a cringe or flash of fear. She gave him a hard shake. "Damn it, Vincent, it matters to me!"
His eyes glowed. "Then do it."
She cringed and her hold fell away, turning away with a sob.
Myriads of arguments and fears pulled Vincent back, but he shrugged them off and stepped after her. Unfamiliar emotions of uncertainty and fear bombarded him as he gently placed his hands on her arms to turn her to face him.
"I could not save Lucrecia, and that haunts me. If you leave without attempting to save me, your life will become a collection of regrets and bitter suppositions. Doubts will plague you. Self-hatred will darken you until you will not resemble, in the least, what you once were."
Natalie closed her eyes, tears cascading down her cheeks. "But if you die . . ."
"It will not be death, Natalie," he pressed. "It will be freedom."
She choked on another sob, stepping forward to envelop him in a firm embrace, her cheek upon his chest. Vincent stood solemnly still for a long moment before wrapping his own arms around her, remembering a similar embrace witnessed. Shared between Lucrecia and Hojo.
Vincent clenched his jaw and closed his eyes, violently pushing away the memory. "I have waited so long . . . ." And his tone did not ring with cool distance. There quivered an emotion. A hint of tightness.
Natalie raised her eyes to meet his. Dread and terror shone in her gaze. Then Vincent saw a flash of panic as she pushed away. He held her arms.
"Please," she said, her tone high and desperate tone as she wriggled her arms within his firm grasp. "Let me go. Please."
Vincent examined her face in confusion. He had never seen fear from her.
"Please, Vincent. Let me go." Natalie's voice trembled with fresh tears. "I can't do this. I can't . . ."
"Do what?"
"I don't want to hurt you! I . . . I-I can't lo--" Natalie's mouth clicked shut as her face paled to a soft shade of yellow and her movements ceased. Her eyes glazed, and her arms went limp.
Again, Vincent didn't understand the reaction. She looked as if she would retch. He cupped her chin with his one normal hand, and her glossy eyes met his. He examined her expression with confusion and a growing irritation. "What is the matter with you? Is caring for me so despicable that you must run and hide at the first hint of tender feelings shared? Am I such a monster?"
No reaction.
Vincent pushed her away. Natalie stumbled back a step, her body rigid. Rage grew to spark in his eyes, and they glowed a dangerous shade of crimson. "You woke me, woman, and now you play me for a fool? Was it your intention to toy with me as a cat with the mouse before tasting its blood? Did you wish to see how vulnerable I would permit myself to become before I allowed you to splice and manipulate that which truly holds your interest?"
Natalie's shade of yellow became green.
"I've come from my coffin for your experiment only to be chased back by the very brand of scientist who made that black sarcophagus my home. Have you no defense? Nothing to say?"
She crumpled to her knees, vomiting so fiercely that she convulsed with each wave of nausea and coughed after each vicious retch. Vincent knelt, the rage passing to reveal the fear which had fed it. He steadied her as she gagged, doing his best to comfort her through the waves even when nothing surfaced but air and deep-seeded misery. When the fit passed, her skin felt chalky and clammy as she muttered nonsensical phrases. She could barely hold her head up as she collapsed against him.
Vincent clenched his jaw as he held her. "Damn it, woman, I have waited an age for someone . . . for anyone to care about the hell I eagerly fled to each night. Do not leave me now," he muttered.
"I-I'm sorry," she murmured, her hand clutching a portion of his black silk shirt. "I didn't mean to. I-I didn't know . . . I didn't know what I was doing. It was the dream. I know it was. I was scared. I'm always scared. I don't want to be scared anymore."
Natalie murmured similar phrases as she sunk further into a type of delirium so hauntingly familiar. Tremors came in waves throughout her entire body, and her teeth began to chatter so violently he thought they might break. Vincent unclasped his cape and wrapped her into it, gently lifting her into his arms. He navigated his way to the inn and her room, tender as he nestled her under the covers of her bed.
A basin of water stood on the dresser to the right of the bed. Vincent soaked a rag and wiped the bile from her mouth. The action drew Natalie out of the delirium, and her eyes fluttered. She smiled briefly, and then moaned as her eyes rolled back in her head. Vincent clenched his jaw and tossed the rag into the basin.
"It was the dream," Natalie mumbled again and again. "You always do in the dream. I was scared. I don't want to be scared anymore. If you just say that, I won't be scared anymore. I didn't know you were going to say that. It scared me."
Helplessness rose within Vincent as he watched her greenish face twist into hundreds of expressions. From fear to happiness to agony and back again. He leaned forward, resting his hands against the bed as he continued to watch her. "And so you dream of me. What life have you had which encourages care for a monster? What kindness blossoms within which makes you desire the saving of this blackened soul? Why do you so desire to save me?"
Natalie rocked her head from side to side, her hands occasionally groping the air, searching for something that would seemingly give her peace. Vincent caught one of her hands with his human, but her grasp continued to flutter like a butterfly, ceasing only after several failed attempts at freedom. His claw carefully smoothed her now damp curls from her face. Once, he allowed himself to caress her cheek. When he did so, Natalie sucked in a breath and her head ceased its rapid movement from side to side.
"Vincent, we need to talk," she choked out.
The sudden clarity of speech surprised him. He examined her expression. Natalie's eyes were still closed, drifting rapidly from side to side under her lashes. "About?"
"About us."
Intrigue blossomed. "Us?" A sudden sense of fear radiated from her, and Vincent again caressed her cheek in an effort to soothe it. "What needs to be said that makes you afraid?"
Natalie's countenance firmed. "I can't see you anymore."
Vincent raised an eyebrow. "Oh?" He smoothed more curls from her face, watching her expressions with an odd and twisted sense of awe at their complexity. Then a continued spark of fear caught his attention. "You fear yourself," he realized.
Natalie rolled over, pulling her hand from his grasp to wrap her arms around herself. "It just wouldn't work, Vincent. I care about you, yes, but . . ."
Vincent raised an eyebrow. Another confession of care. Another wave of fear that preceded and followed it, just as before. "But?"
"I don't know anymore. I am just so afraid."
And that Vincent understood. It birthed an unexpected emotion of compassion, warming his normally cold soul as he leaned toward her ear. "It is all right to be afraid," he whispered. "Aren't we all, at one point or another?"
Natalie rolled onto her back once again, turning her head toward him with an air of expectancy. Vincent examined her expression, confusion furrowing his brow. After a moment or two, the expectancy dwindled to regret and sadness. Natalie turned her head away, and her face twisted in an agonized frown. Her spirit seemed to distance itself from him.
Vincent took hold of her hand. It fluttered within his grasp.
"No. It's not supposed to be like that. Something's wrong. He's not here. Where are you? Vincent? Vincent?" Her head twisted from side to side and, this time, her entire body began to writhe.
"I am here."
Natalie's eyes fluttered open. Her color shifting from green to fair. "Vincent?"
"Yes."
She smiled groggily, rolling onto her side as she pulled his hand to her cheek. She closed her eyes. "You were supposed to kiss me. You always do. Always."
Vincent analyzed her face. Her pallor was much improved, but she still seemed to drift from dreamworld to reality and back again. It seemed the only way to release her from the dream was to finish it. But hesitation held him back. There had been no woman after Lucrecia. He brushed a clawed finger lightly across Natalie's forehead, again noticing she didn't cringe from the touch . . . . He leaned forward and cautiously caressed her lips with his.
Vincent breathed deep at the sudden rush of emotional freedom caused by that soft, warm touch. He stared down at her, eyes wide. Natalie wore a simple smile, her features calm with sleep.
"I have found the tool for my cure, then. Or rather, you found me. Fool that I am, I would have chased you away with my rage. But . . . but you didn't run. You faced me in my darkest fury and reacted this way. Your broken heart doing this." He tightened his grip on her hand. "Will you be my cure? Or will you simply be a release from this curse to a final blackness?"
Natalie's eyes slowly opened. She met his gaze and sleepily smiled, bringing up a hand to brush his hair from his face. "I won't leave," she whispered. Then she yawned and nestled her cheek against his hand once again. "I promise I won't leave until I cure you."
"Sleep now. The cure will wait."
Natalie yawned again. "I love you, Vincent. Don't forget that," she murmured.
Vincent cringed. Then he closed his eyes, shaking his head as he lowered his chin. How could he forget a spoken doom?
*
Vincent adjusted his perch on the top of the partially dismantled Mako reactor nestled on the summit of Mt. Nibel. A storm rumbled and sparked in the distance causing Vincent's scowl to darken. All dangerous subjects were kept in the background, safely aloof. His only thoughts were those of the coming storm that evening, and the rain that would again come to freshen the planet. Occasionally, a snippet of a statement or a tickle of her laugh would slip through the tight control. Vincent would tense, harshly pushing it away with a toss of his head.
Confusion goaded him to anger, but he knew it served only to protect him.
Vincent clenched his jaw. Fear had never been a part of his life before. Not as a Turk, and not as a--Vincent flinched, shifting his dark gaze to the dented metal on which he crouched. Natalie's questions and statements always dove too readily to what he normally kept hidden. The reliving of it, with her so close and listening, was something he hadn't ever experienced. Not since Lucrecia. Maybe not even then. His memories of that time had long since faded into an odd oblivion.
Natalie listened so intently, with the heartbreak for what he had undergone clearly brimming in those emerald eyes. The compassion. The understanding. Did he ever receive those while in the service of Shinra? Did the victims of Shinra's 'justice' ever look at him as she had? With empathy and . . . and something he was afraid to remember. A collection of words spoken.
Vincent balled his claw into a fist, staring down at it with an empty expression. She didn't flinch. Again and again, she did not flinch. Had anyone welcomed the touch of this hand but her? So many times, when Vincent touched her with the artificial claw, she hadn't given even a remote sign of disgust. Instead, there was acceptance and something more. Some expression of instantaneous normalcy glittered in her eyes, as if she missed that aspect of her life to suddenly find it--
A fragment of her voice drifted past the walls of his existence, and he grasped it. 'I have been looking for you too long to turn away now,' she had said. 'I love you, Vincent. Don't forget that.' Yes. She said that too, while drifting on the end of a dream.
Vincent looked up, gazing at the evening sky with narrowed eyes. How could loving him be anything but a nightmare? He stood, leaping from roof section to roof section with a grace and ease that had long since become second nature. He landed on the ground below, a puff of dust rising from his boots as he remained crouched. With each attempt to dismantle his confusion, it doubled. It only lessened when she listened to his words and dug deeper to another hidden meaning.
He grumbled under his breath before slowly straightening and making his way toward the door that would lead him from the summit of Mt. Nibel. Away from the summit, yes, but toward his greatest fear.
Her.
Natalie Long would very likely be his salvation. But in what way? In the reverting to his original form? Or in the softening of the guilt and shame? Vincent clenched his jaw. Why should I fight against attaining that which I desire? That is the question he voiced, and the question which doomed him. She was too nave. Too innocent of the world. She didn't understand. She never would.
Yet the open expression in her eyes belied the statement he so desperately wanted to believe. After all, if he believed she would never understand, wouldn't that make it easier for him to hide himself away? To deny his desire and bury himself from the reminders of the normal life that had once been his? She seemed so willing to give it to him. So eager to tap into his very heart and soul because she was convinced they held the key to her own purpose.
Purpose. Didn't he once have that luxury? Now he had nothing but the interest of a love-starved professor infatuated with the mystery that surrounded his existence. A mystery she understood. A mystery she relished as an adventure in life. Had anyone ever delighted in any aspect of his existence?
Vincent grumbled again, annoyed that his mind led him in circles. Giving him no peace in the action. Would peace be waiting for him if he returned? It was highly unlikely. Peace retreated each time he watched her expression. There was only confusion and an intoxicating addiction to watch the emotions dance across her face. That had chased him away from her side as she slept, safely hidden within a dream.
That and the overwhelming desire to again touch her warm lips.
And again . . .
. . .and again . . .
Vincent pushed away the cannibalistic thoughts with a ferocious toss of his head. She would not remember, as the cares was simply a completion of her dream. Something that will have faded with the dawning of the new day. Some future hope that she believes will never come.
Bittersweet. Kindling hope. Feeding dread.
But how could he draw her close when it could mean another life hurt? If he should die--she herself said she couldn't bear it. But it was too late. He saw the hold he had on her. Each time she said his name, the tenderness was there. Each time she saw his face and held his gaze, the devotion was there amidst her fear at the power of her emotion. To turn away from that would wound her sensitive heart as much as that of his death.
Why not surrender?
Vincent's dread rose again, but he beat it back. Perhaps the cure to his existence wasn't so much in the discovery of a way to take back his former life, but in the acceptance of a seemingly impossible attraction? Maybe the way to cure him was to . . . Vincent felt the blood drain from his face. The question lingered, hovering in every aspect of who and what he was as he attempted to ignore not only its continuing presence, but also the silence the question brought to his mind.
*
Natalie stretched, wiping a bit of wetness from the corner of her mouth before lifting her hands above her head. She had a tendency of drooling when she slept, and it irritated her to no end. She released a deep breath and opened her eyes.
A slight movement by the window caught her attention. Vincent stood staring across the scenery of Nibelheim, arms crossed.
Natalie sat up in surprise. "Oh!" He turned his face toward her. His amber eyes were guarded.
"I . . . " She flushed. "I didn't expect to see you. Not after . . . well, you know."
"Yes."
She cleared her throat as she lowered her gaze to her hands.
"Natalie."
Her eyes widened. Oh dear god, he said my name. She turned her head. He still stood by the window. His arms still crossed. His eyes still guarded. But there was something different about his expression. "Yes?"
"What do you remember?"
"I said that . . ." No lies. "I said that I couldn't keep trying to fix the generator. I said . . . I said it matters to me what happens to you. I . . . I think I remember you got angry with me." She lowered her eyes again. "I remember a lot of things. What exactly did you want me to remember?"
"What happened here?" he pressed.
Natalie cleared her throat. "I remember I had an interview. I remember . . . I remember you weren't here to share the laughter." Vincent didn't respond, so she forced herself to raise her eyes. "I don't know what you want me to tell you, Vincent."
"You don't remember what happened after our conversation outside Shinra Mansion?"
Natalie paled. "Why?" she asked softly. "What happened?"
Vincent regarded her a moment. "You relived a dream."
Her eyes widened in horror. "What?"
He approached. "'Vincent, we need to talk,'" he quoted. "'About?' I asked. 'About us,' you reply." He paused, gauging her reaction. "You know it?"
Natalie imperceptibly nodded. Her eyes still captured by his. Not the dream. She could survive anything but that.
"You admitted to a fear." Vincent knelt in front of her. "I said that it was all right to be afraid. After all, even I am afraid."
Natalie focused sharply on his face. "What?"
"Of you. Afraid because . . . because of what I feel."
Nausea rumbled, and Natalie gripped the bedclothes.
He watched her still before reaching forward to stroke her cheek with his golden claw. She sucked in a breath and closed her eyes, tears streaking her cheeks. "This claw," he said a bit gruffly. "This monstrosity has caused no amount of horror and disgust in those who look on me. You are the only one I have met who feels pleasure at the touch of its cool exterior."
Natalie flinched away and hid her face in her hands. "No . . ."
Vincent pulled them away. "That acceptance made me agree to kiss you. I believed I did so only to help you sleep, it seemed the only key to end the fantasy. I knew it would be different. It was a beginning. An answer. A question. A hundred different things that caused no end of confusion and fear."
She shook her head. "Please don't say anymore," she pleaded, her voice choked with her tears. "I want to wake up now. I can't stand anymore. Please. Let me wake up. Let me wake up--" Her voice broke on the sobs.
Vincent recognized the terror at the possibility of being trapped inside another nightmare. Beginning to enjoy it while knowing and fearing that when it came time to wake, the pleasant life would cease to exist. Yes, he recognized the misery.
"Natalie." He released her hands to cup her face, ignoring her frantic grasp and pull at his wrists. "Natalie, this is reality."
"No. No, it can't be," she choked out with a slight shake of her head. Tears escaped her closed lids. "Let me go. Please . . . let me wake up. I can't keep doing this. Dreams aren't enough. They aren't. Please," she sobbed frantically. "Please let me wake up."
"Wake? From a dream you've wanted to become real?" he whispered.
And Vincent had to fight back the fear of the rush he knew would come as he leaned forward to touch her lips with his. Her grip on his hands tightened along with her choked protest at the warmth and the hesitant softness, and she again attempted to pull his hands from her face. The act one of desperation.
"No," she whimpered against his lips, her breath beckoning him forward again. "I can't. Please."
Another whispered plea and another whispered touch of lip.
And again.
Then yet again.
Each time their lips met it lasted a little longer, exploring a little deeper past the fear. That terror continued to pull him away, but the memory of the touch and the warmth and softness would call him back for another taste. Then another. And a little more. Before he realized what happened, the touch of her lips and breath was his only focus.
His only need.
Vincent's hands caressed her face as wave after wave of light burst inside his head. Each deep and intense motion of her mouth against his brought another eruption. Each caress of her fingers upon his face deafened him to the outside world. Their submergence into his hair banished the cold and briefly silenced the voices within.
A sob suddenly broke from Natalie's lips. Vincent raised his head, opening his eyes to focus on her face. Tears cascaded down her cheeks to drip from her lowered lashes as cry after choked cry broke free. Vincent's throat tightened as he watched her, helplessness refusing him any words. Instead, he pulled her to her feet and drew her close. She moaned, and the sobs shook her entire body.
Vincent pulled her closer still as he caressed her soft curls, desperately trying to protect her from a misery he understood all too well. He closed his eyes when she tightened her arms around him, relishing the intensity of emotion that thrashed within. It was all coming back; how to be human; how to be gentle; how to care for someone who wanted nothing more than to be needed.
Submission had been a surprisingly easy answer.
XI
CONVERSIONS

Natalie released a slow and deep breath as she adjusted her arms around him. Around Vincent. Real. Alive. Afraid and feeling. She closed her eyes and sighed again. "So what do we do now?" she whispered. "I've never been here before in my dreams, Vincent. I don't know what to do next. I don't know how to act." She finally looked up to meet his amber gaze. She shook her head. "I don't know anything."
He stared down at her in silence, his expression mirroring her own uncertainty and fear.
"I don't know about you," she said quietly as she lowered her head against his chest again, "but these past few days have been glorious. Being with you. Being with your friends. Seeing you together . . . I don't want it to end. But." She sighed. "But I need to keep trying, don't I? I need to finish what I started. Because you asked me to. Because I don't want to be tormented by the 'what if's. I want you to have a chance at the happiness you deserve. The chance to be free from that coffin."
Silence beckoned the pair until Vincent suddenly said, "You've fallen in love with a monster and fear that when he be changed to a man, you will no longer care for him."
Natalie closed her eyes. "Maybe," she whispered.
Vincent adjusted his arms around her while releasing a slow and deep breath. She remained within the grasp, trusting in the protection of that simple touch.
"With that confession, I am tempted to stay as I am simply to spite what Hojo believed to be impossible," he confessed. "But the desire to be what I was overpowers everything else. I want to make my own choices." His grip tightened around her. "Do your best, Natalie," he said in a low voice, "and regret nothing. Strange as it may seem coming from me, I have faith in you."
Natalie flinched, and the action caused him to push back.
Vincent's amber eyes searched her face. "What was that?"
Her gaze refused to meet his. Instead, she took his hands in hers. "A confession, I suppose," she told him.
"A confession? Of what?"
Natalie sighed and gave his hands a squeeze. "Of everything. Throughout my entire school career I wanted to find someone who would want me for who I was. All my quirks. All my crazy notions of grandeur. All my dreams and fantasies." She peeked up at him. "You see, you need to understand that my life up to that point was lonely because I hadn't ever been interested in anything outside history. When I heard about you . . . you were surrounded by history and tragedy and . . . and you were lonely because you were betrayed by the ones you loved. You were an outcast because someone in power abused his position."
Natalie swallowed the tears. "My heart broke at that. I mean, I found someone with no hope of finding someone to care for them. So, I decided to learn more. I wanted to . . . I wanted to fix that tragedy. I wanted to reverse your future." Natalie lowered her head as her heart balked at the confession. "What I didn't admit at the time was that I wanted to learn more so that I would have a reason to care. The fantasy of nurse falling for patient taken to a new and twisted level. I suppose I believed it was a safe relationship. I believed it impossible for you to meet me. After all, I knew you would never be involved in anything that interested me. I knew I was safe."
Natalie's voice choked, and Vincent's hands tightened on hers. Her lips lifted in a slight smile and she raised her head. His amber eyes glowed as they watched her face. "When I became interested in what I studied and not just who, it caught me completely by surprise. When the surprise faded, in came a new fantasy: what if I could cure you and make you feel something akin to the love I fancied I felt? The fantasy filled me with hope, making me do something foolish. I actually began looking for you. Something I had promised I would never do.
"For the first time in my life I wanted something more," she admitted, voice awed. "I wanted to be happy. I wanted to share my interests with someone. But it was more than that, I wanted to share my life with someone. I wanted the fantasy to become real because I was tired of living in a dream whenever I wanted love or tenderness." She lowered her gaze. "But when I started dreaming of what our life together could be like, it hurt. Seeing it made me want it even more, and when I wanted it more, it hurt to know that it was impossible to have. After all, you were in love with Lucrecia. You always had been. You always would be in my mind.
"Then I--" Natalie's lips quivered upward in another smile. "Then I realized I didn't care. Somewhere along the fancies and the research and the learning I had come to care about you more than my work," she whispered, finally looking up to watch him. "Somehow, while reading your histories and your miseries, I had fallen in love with you. Every bit of it. The blackness. The light. The anger. The laughter . . . Monster, man, experiment. All of it."
Vincent remained silent, his eyes glowing with a strange expression.
"And if curing one means that it might kill all of you, I don't know if I can do that. I don't want to hurt you. You've had that enough in your life."
Vincent held her gaze in the silence that followed, still standing so close that she could smell everything about him. His musk of mystery. His heady aroma of intensity and depth. His sweet scent of humanness and passion.
"We've been down this path before," he finally said, voice gruff. "For most of your young life you've wanted to change what Hojo did to me. Now is your chance. For all of my existence as this monster I have wished for my previous life. Now is my chance." His hands gripped her upper arms. "I understand the risks, Natalie, and I accept them as worth the end result. Now you must come to a decision as well. Whom do you care for? For me? Or for the monster shell that has trapped me?"
Natalie blinked up at him, tears choking off the voice that would have given him the words she wanted to say. Instead, she kissed his mouth and his cheek and held him close as she desperately tried to fight back the sobs.
Vincent pulled her tighter against him. "There is your answer. You came to love my soul, and my soul will be the same . . . the same?" he whispered. "I lie. The blackness begins to crumble." Vincent touched her neck with his lips, causing a shiver. "No. It will never be the same."
Natalie silently cried against him.
*
The quad glared at the latest repaired version of the generator. Late afternoon was quickly approaching and they were hesitant to face another failure before retiring to start again the next morning. Throughout the day, Yuffie and Red had continuously sent Natalie and Vincent sidelong glances. It was as if they could sense something had changed and couldn't put a name to it. Even Natalie felt the difference between them. A distance that wasn't as great. A coldness that wasn't as chilling. An expression that wasn't as guarded.
Vincent crossed his arms. "You mentioned conversion rates," he reminded. "Should we venture back to the Library and search the book stocks before giving it power?"
Yuffie scrubbed at the back of her neck. "Screw that. I'm going to go to Rocket Town and drag Cid's good-for-nothing ass here to do it himself. Come on, Red. Let's go."
Natalie absently waved as Red and Yuffie moved away and out of the clearing toward town. She tucked an errant curl behind an ear. "I don't know. We're running low on parts . . ." She met Vincent's minute scrutiny. "I suppose we should, to be safe. I did do a bit of a rush on the 'cram job', so it would be a good idea for me to refresh it all."
Vincent smirked. "That you understand enough to do what you have makes me wonder just how much of a 'cram' it was."
She waved the complement aside, wrinkling her nose as she glared back to the generator. "If I understood it as well as you think I do, we wouldn't be having our current problem."
"Oh? Then why have we been able to get further than Cid, an engineer?"
"Well, because . . . I . . . I mean . . ." Natalie laughed and looked over to meet Vincent's mildly amused expression. "Touch. I concede. I'm a genius. Happy?"
Vincent's eyebrow twitched the same as his lips. "Hm."
She laughed again and took up his hands, caressing smooth golden surface and slightly calloused skin both. "He doesn't believe that I believe me. That's liable to cause a problem." And she could have sworn that she heard a chuckle from him. "I'll do better at cutting myself some slack. Is that what you want to hear? But that means you need to do the same for yourself."
His eyebrow twitched higher.
"Don't play innocent with me, Mr. Valentine," she scolded. "You know exactly what I'm talking about. No more looking back at what you've done or not done. You can't change what has already happened. So, the less you look back, the less you trip over your own feet." She smiled. "Or mine."
Vincent's smirk returned. "Yes, Professor."
Natalie's smile blossomed to a laugh, and she moved closer as she released his hands and began absently smoothing and straightening his red cape and black silk shirt. "I'm sorry, Vincent. I seem to slip into my role of Professor a bit too easily, don't I? I suppose I like to lecture." She peeked up at him to notice his continual yet slight smile. "You would tell me if you minded, wouldn't you? Seems to me that you're as tactless and blatantly honest as I am."
"They say honesty is the best policy," he reminded.
"True." She fully lifted her gaze as she wrapped her arms around his neck, stepping still closer. "What about stubbornness?" she asked, expression serious. "I can be stubborn, too. Believe me. It took a lot of determination to track you down and get you to admit I existed."
Vincent's lips twitched as he rested his hands on her hips. "I knew you existed. After all, you returned each day to usher me into another private and well-guarded section of your life. I suppose that was what first intrigued me: your willingness to impart such secrets to someone who ignored you."
"Well, I must say it is nice to finally know for certain you listened," she told him, a solitary finger coiling a bit of his hair around it. "Though it would have been polite for you to have at least opened the lid to make some comment or other. We lecturers enjoy commentary, you know."
Vincent slightly lowered his head, and his breath tickled her face. "I was hoping you would go away," he said a bit roughly.
Natalie chuckled and then stood on tiptoes to give him a feathery kiss while whispering "I didn't, did I?" against their soft warmth.
Vincent's arms tightened around her--
"What the hell?!"
Natalie gave a startled jump and sharply turned, stepping backward onto a stone and tripping in the process. Vincent's agility and quickness of flight was the only thing which kept her from toppling into the rushing river below.
Natalie murmured a "Thank you" as she hung suspended in his arms, keeping her gaze carefully averted from the group that had stumbled upon their intimate moment.
Vincent set Natalie on the ground before moving to stand protectively in front of her. His eyes held a quiet warning. 
Cid was about to comment when Cloud cut in. "We heard from Yuffie and Red that you've been working on a generator, Vincent." He looked beyond the couple. "That must be it."
Natalie rested a hand momentarily on Vincent's back before stepping forward with a glance toward her most recent attempt at success. "Yes, that's it. Unfortunately, we're a bit on the hesitant side to turn it on. I think the conversion rate is wrong."
"Conversion rate, huh?"
Natalie looked over at Cid Highwind. He had moved to the piles of rubble positioned around the current generator to rummage through the pieces. His attitude was condescending, just like his tone, and it tweaked her temper. "Yes, conversion rate. You, I believe, are the engineer, Mr. Highwind. I wouldn't think that particular detail would need to be explained to you."
Cid snorted and glanced over at her and Vincent with a crooked smile. "You must be the broad who thinks she can cure this one. I thought you were a reporter."
Natalie arched an eyebrow. "I do a multitude of things, Mr. Highwind. One of them seems to be pulling your butt out of the fire by inventing something in two days that you still haven't done in two months." She felt Vincent place a warning hand on her shoulder. She pressed her lips together.
Cloud, Shera, and Tifa watched the altercation with silent amusement.
Cid stood slowly, eyeballing her and Vincent as he took a long drag on his cigarette. He blew it out slowly before gesturing toward her. "You've got an attitude, lady."
"Of course I have an attitude! I have been working for two days straight trying to learn enough about mechanics and electrical engineering to get this blasted thing to stay running longer than an hour. My expertise is in the sciences, Mr. Highwind, so perhaps you would care to look over the schematics and take over where I left off? That way I can concentrate on solving Vincent's current problem and not yours."
Cid's expression shifted to something akin respect. "Two days? You've learned enough about electrical engineering to design, build, and get this contraption running in just two days?" He tossed his cigarette down to squelch it with the toe of his boot. "You deserve an apology from me, professor. I was an ass."
"Yes, but I have run across several of those in my lifetime. Most are worse than you. Don't give it another thought." She looked over at Vincent. "Can you walk me back to the inn? Thank you."
Vincent took her hand, guiding her along the path away from Mt. Nibel as the others mutely looked on.
"You shocked him," Vincent finally said.
"I shocked myself. Of course, I should have known that was going to happen. I get cranky when I'm tired."
"Or embarrassed."
Natalie flushed. "Do you blame me?"
"No. They trod into a delicate situation with the grace of a--"
"A Midgar Zolom," Natalie said, twinkling eyes glancing toward Vincent.
He smiled slightly. "I would say that is aptly put."
She wrapped her arms around his claw and rested her head against his upper arm. Vincent reached over to caress one of her hands as they walked on in silence.
*
"Shit! That was the spookiest sight I've ever seen," Cid mumbled.
Tifa looked at Cloud with a smile. "You were right," she said.
Shera's face twisted with confusion. "Right? Right about what?"
Cloud smirked. "I knew if we just butt out things would be okay. It's only when I try to help that things get all screwed up."
Cid strode up to them. "You knew about that . . . that--" He swore a blue streak as he lit another cigarette. "I didn't think he liked women."
Tifa grimaced, sending Cid a dirty look. "Oh shut up, Cid. Just shut up."
Cloud laughed, pulling Tifa away from Cid to send her and Shera back to Nibelheim for the schematics. Then he turned back to Cid. "So, what do you think? Will it work?"
"I don't even know what the hell the damn thing is. How am I supposed to know if it's going to work or not?"
Cloud put a fist on his hip to strike his infamous SOLDIER pose as he stared at the generator. "She said they've had it working for an hour, which is definitely better than nothing."
Cid reluctantly agreed. "Better than I've come up with." He snorted. "Damn. Outwitted by a broad. That's twice."
Cloud chuckled and then gestured toward Nibelheim with a jerk of his head. "Come on. Let's get over to the inn and ask some questions. Be nicer than normal. Okay?"
"I'll be as nice as I damn-well please."
"Okay, if you want Vincent all over you."
Cid grumbled as he followed Cloud toward town. "I won't be able to get used to that sight."
"What are you talking about?"
"Vincent."
Cloud sent Cid a confused glance. "Huh?"
Cid took another long drag from his cigarette. "Kissing a woman." He shivered. "That was a bit too much information for me."
Cloud shook his head with a chuckle. "Maybe you're just mad she didn't go for you first."
Cid swore and sent Cloud a dangerous glare. "That ain't funny, spike boy. I don't need no woman messing up my life."
"Fine. Then leave them alone."
"Who said I was going to do anything!?"
Cloud chuckled again. "I didn't say you'd do anything, but I know you're more than willing to say whatever you want."
"If she can't take it, she can leave the room."
"Oh, she can take it all right. Or did you forget?" Cloud glanced over at him. "You admitted you were an ass. Remember? You said--"
"I know what I said," Cid snapped after a long phrase of swearing.
Cloud smirked but didn't say anything else.
*
The door closed after Cid, Shera, and Cloud. Natalie released a deep breath and looked across the table at Vincent. "It's a relief to have them responsible for it."
"Yes, I imagine it is."
Natalie laughed. "Lucky for Cid, Red and I did all the hard work. He only needs to find out why it doesn't work."
Vincent watched Natalie's expressions. "What will you do with your new-found freedom?"
She stretched. "Take a nap?"
Vincent smirked. "That sounds to be a wise idea."
"Perhaps, but now I'm not tired. All I can think about is finally being able to work on my idea."
"Understandable."
Natalie held his gaze. "Vincent, do you remember anything of the experiments?"
He lowered his gaze to an examination of the claw as it rested on the table. "I remember being shot. In this arm, or what may remain of it. There is nothing after that. Only snatches of shadow and light battling against one another."
Natalie stood and moved closer, sitting in the chair beside him. She gently took hold of the claw. "Part of the file in the computer was corrupt, so I couldn't tell if . . . if this is your arm or a Jenova graft. That will be something I find out soon." She placed his claw back onto the table, but her hands remained on its cool surface. "I know what I want to find," she whispered.
Vincent covered her hands with his, meeting her gaze. "Whatever you find won't matter."
She smiled. "Yes. Of course, you're right. I . . . ." Her smile wavered. "I just don't like the thought of Hojo playing god on you. On anyone. He should have fixed his own problems."
Vincent smiled briefly, giving her hands a squeeze. Then he sat back in the chair and tightly crossed his arms. "Natalie."
She continued to smile at him, enjoying the sound of her name in his voice, and rested her chin in her hand. "Hm?"
Vincent actually smiled slightly before speaking. "I would like to meet your parents."
Natalie blinked and sat up. "What?"
"I said--"
"I heard what you said; I just can't believe it. Why?"
Vincent raised an eyebrow. "Why do I want to meet your family?"
She nodded. "I know that in conversations past I haven't exactly painted them to be the most endearing people in the world."
"I haven't one of my own, so why wouldn't I want to meet yours?"
"I--I don't know. I just . . . I never thought you would want to." She motioned toward him. "You've been alone for so long, I suppose I didn't want to push them on you."
Vincent smirked. "Certainly they will want to meet the object of your . . . search." Natalie leaned back in her chair and picked at a nail. Vincent regarded her so intensely that she flushed. "They never knew you searched for me, did they?"
"No." She could feel him examining her expressions.
"And why is that?"
Natalie cleared her throat. "I don't talk to my family very often."
"You hold their determination against them," he observed. He leaned forward in the chair. "But why? They only wanted what was best for you. That determination is the same as your own to give me a better future."
She frowned. "Then they should have been determined to be a family that supported my final decision, instead of the one that turned away from me when what I wanted wasn't what they wanted." She looked away. "If they wanted to talk, they could have sent me a letter, or dropped by a dig site, or submitted a note to one of my publishers. They haven't."
Vincent continued to examine her face. "Natalie, why have you voluntarily kept yourself alone?"
She tightened her hands into fists as she adjusted her crossed arms. "I told you. As long as they refused to listen to what I wanted, I wasn't going to speak to them."
"I understand, but why haven't you continued to explain and show why you believed your choices to be the best? Why have you deliberately kept them on the outside?"
Natalie's frown darkened. "Because they didn't care."
"You didn't give them the opportunity."
Her eyes widened as she looked sharply over at him. "I didn't give them the opportunity? You must be joking!"
A golden finger skewered his point into the table-top. "You did not invite their participation. Neither did you invite their understanding." Natalie's jaw worked. Vincent reached out to rest a hand on her leg. "Natalie, I understand that rejection is hard for you to take, and I know that you use this distance from your family to protect you from further rejection." She looked away. "Natalie, they are your family," he pressed, his grip tightening on her leg. "Do not take them for granted."
She adjusted her crossed arms and sent him a sidelong glance, her frown slowly disappearing. She released a quick breath and slightly nodded. "All right," she sighed. "I'll write them a letter."
Vincent's touch lingered on her leg for a long moment before he pulled back.
Natalie caught it in hers before he completely pulled away. She gave it a squeeze and held his gaze. "But after I cure you."
"Agreed," he said, tone guarded. Then he stood, releasing her hand. "You should rest now. If Cid is successful, tomorrow will be an intense day."
Natalie nodded and slowly stood. "Yes, I suppose I should." She cleared her throat and made her way to the bed to turn down the covers. Vincent watched her in silence. "Where are you going to sleep? Not under a tree, I hope." So what are you asking, Nat? Are you hoping he'll opt to stay up here with you? To celebrate? To say good-bye to what he is now? One last night together before possibly saying good-bye forever? She cleared her throat again and plumped her pillow.
"No, and going to the crypt seems pointless."
Natalie swallowed hard before turning to face him. He still stood near the table, watching her with an almost wary expression. She sat on the edge of the bed and looked down at her hiking boots a moment before bending forward to untie the laces. "I'm sure Cloud will put you up at his place."
I want you to stay here with me, Vincent. I want you to stay here with me and tell me that I'm doing the right thing. That you're not as scared as I am. I want you to hold me close, so that I can prove it's not a nightmare. She accidentally tied the laces into knots.
Vincent made his way over to her. He knelt and gently pushed her hands away. "Yes, he would."
He untied first one shoe and then the other, pulling them free and setting them aside with deliberate motions. Then he began to massage her feet. Natalie stared down at him, gnawing her lower lip to keep herself from asking what she shouldn't ask. She clenched the sheet and blankets of the bed. Are you ready for this? Do you realize what you're asking and what it would mean?
"Vincent--"
"Natalie." He looked up to meet her gaze. "Don't ask me to stay."
"Why not? A lot of things are going to happen tomorrow. I'd sleep better if you were here."
Vincent straightened and sat beside her on the bed. "I wouldn't."
She smiled slightly, turning away to rub her palms on the thighs of her jeans. "Okay, so maybe I wouldn't either, but . . . but it's the last night before our world gets turned upside down. I guess I thought--oh, I don't know what I thought."
"Natalie." Vincent faced her, cupping her chin in his hand. "Natalie, making love to you is something I want more than my own life right now. But I want you as I was, not as this creation of Hojo. You deserve nothing less than the love of a whole man."
Natalie's face flamed as she held his gaze.
He released a slow breath and lowered his hand from her face. "I should go. Before I forget."
When he made a move to stand, Natalie took hold of his hand. "Vincent, wait."
He tensed. "Natalie. Please."
She released his hand and clasped hers in her lap. "I know. I . . . I just want you here with me. There are a lot of good reasons why you should go, but . . ." She looked over at him. He still faced away. "Just for me? I just want you to hold me, so that I can sleep. Then you can go. Please?"
Vincent faced her then. "My control will not hold, Natalie." Pain and desire heightened the glow of those luscious amber eyes.
Natalie took his arm again. "It will," she said as she held his gaze. "I know you, Vincent. It will. I know it will."
He removed her hand with his claw, giving it a gentle squeeze before releasing it. "I am not so certain as you." He clenched his hands into fists and shook his head. "No, I don't trust myself. Good night, Natalie."
Natalie sighed. "Good night, Vincent."
He turned at the doorway to watch her before slowly receding down the hallway. She slumped onto the bed with a deep breath. "He has more sense than I do," she whispered.
'Making love to you, Natalie, is something I want more than my own life . . . But I want you as I was, not as this creation of Hojo. You deserve nothing less.'
She smiled, closing her eyes as she remembered again the look in his eyes and the soft caress of his words.
XII
THE CHOICE THAT WASN'T

Natalie stared at the dimly lit room that would soon take on the daunting task of curing the man she loved. Each book. Each medical note. Each piece of technology. Each previously taken sample of blood and tissue would be put to work, doing what she wasn't sure she wanted to do.
She released a deep breath as she stepped further into the laboratory. It began today. The submerging within her supposed genius to find the key to his freedom. The key that could kill him. The key that could make him hers for the rest of their lives. The key that could do nothing but unlock the humanness that hid within him while his outer shell remained so dark and twisted--
Natalie repressed a sob and wiped the tears from her cheeks as she came to sit at the computer desk. The computer was on and running. Mako free. Pollution free. Hard drive intact. Ready to work. Ready to cure. Ready to finally offer Vincent a realization of his last remaining hope.
"Can I do this?" she whispered as she touched the keyboard.
The answer wasn't there. She knew the answer was in her heart. She would do it, but only because she could sense his growing torment at being so different from her. So not human. He received strength and comfort from the fact she accepted him as he was. He began to feel whole because of her unconditional love, but he still wanted to be what he had been: a whole man.
"Isn't that what I have always wanted to give him," she pressed as another tear wet her cheek. "Remember? You read all those reports on him and knew this is what you felt you were supposed to do. This was what it was for: to save him."
Natalie slumped back in the chair, crossing her arms as she looked away from the computer screen. She gnawed her lower lip to keep from sobbing. "Remember the picture, Nat? The Turk? You fell in love with him first. Remember? Now you have met his darker side. The part people can usually hide. You love him, too. There are no surprises in who or what he is. You know it all. You have seen it all. You love it all."
Natalie nodded, closing her eyes as she took in a deep breath. "Yes. You are scared. Fine. So is he. You don't want to make him hurt worse. Fine. He can't feel worse. The fact that you are trying to discover this cure will make him feel better. Isn't that what you want to do? Make him feel better? Fine. You have. All he wants is for you to try." She took in a deep and ragged breath. "Try. That's it. You gave done this same thing your entire life. Remember? And remember how most of your 'trying' has actually worked out? This can, too. And if it doesn't? Then it doesn't.
"And if he dies . . .?"
She lowered her head, pinching the bridge of her nose. That was the one aspect of her treatment that she simply could not move past. She always balked and choked right there, no matter which angle she attacked the possibility from. It mattered. It mattered a lot. And if she thought, for even one moment, that there was a likelihood that it could happen . . . that he could die, she would stop. No matter how mad he got. No matter how much he pressed her to try. She wasn't willing to gamble with his life. She wasn't like Hojo, and she never would be.
"I thought I would find you here." Red came to sit beside her, carefully tucking his tail around his forepaws as he sat and examined her face. "Today is the day."
She nodded, afraid to do anything else.
"I regret that we haven't had a really good opportunity to sit down and talk about things as I hoped we could," Red continued in a soft voice. "I do hope you'll allow me to spend some time with you at the dig past Mt. Nibel once everything with Vincent works out. I believe I'll find it fascinating, and I would love to help you any way I can."
"That would be great, Red. Thank you," she whispered. She continued to stare at the computer monitor as the little figures and forms from its hibernation cycle floated about the screen. "Is there something I can do for you?"
Red remained quiet for a long moment before coming to rub his head and shoulders against her hand as it rested on the arm of the office chair. He purred in an attempt to console her. "I thought I could do something for you."
More tears spilled over onto her cheeks. She covered her eyes with one hand as she stroked Red's soft fur with the other. The warmth and velvety softness was a balm to her aching soul, but they encouraged the tears that began to drip onto her pale yellow t-shirt. "It's all happening."
"Yes. Yes, it is." He sat as close as possible to rest his chin on her leg, still purring. "It's a little frightening, isn't it?"
Natalie could barely nod her head. She choked on a quick inhalation of breath as she attempted to calm the sobs. "I don't know whether to be happy or terrified! I mean, I might finally have the chance to put it all to rights!"
"You don't want to fail." His statement was gentle and probing.
"No. No, I don't. I have always been like this. In everything. I never allowed myself failure. Never allowed myself mistakes." Natalie dropped her hand to her side, looking down at Red as he gazed up at her with an understanding expression. "He doesn't deserve anything but a miracle, and I am afraid I won't be able to give him that. How do I know that I understand what Hojo did? I don't have the right to use Vincent as an experiment subject. That would make me no better than . . . than . . ." She lowered her eyes and covered her face with her hands.
"Than Hojo."
"I'm going to do this because I love him so much, and I know how much this means to him. I suppose I am simply letting myself vent one last time before the moment of truth comes. To give myself that one last chance at mourning . . . you know?"
Red seemed to smile as he lifted his head from her knee. "I understand. So does he." He paused, examining her tear stained face. "You two have an amazing relationship. One that I haven't seen before. You finish one another, in a way. When he needs strength, you are there to offer it to him. When he needs gentleness and compassion or understanding, again, you are there. It is much the same for you. He offers you strength, tenderness, and myriad of other emotions I had not thought possible from him, all when you need them. Your instincts about the other are uncanny."
Natalie flushed, tucking a curl behind her ear.
"What do your instincts tell you now?" Red asked.
She took in a long, deep, and slow breath as she looked up at the rafters of the basement laboratory. Cobwebs decorated the chamber in each remote corner, occasionally tickled by a draft from an unseen hole. "They are saying a lot of things."
Red nudged at her leg with his wet nose. "Go on."
"That he is just as frightened. That he wants to do this because it has been a dream of his as well as mine. That he is pushing me because he doesn't want me to have regrets." She sighed again and shifted her gaze to Red. "They're saying that I can do this."
His beautiful eyes twinkled at her. "Then there is your answer. You know what you can do, and it is this: free a trapped soul."
Natalie smiled, tears brimming anew to spill over onto her flushed cheeks. She slid from the chair to her knees and wrapped her arms around him in a fond embrace.
When she pulled back, he pressed his head against hers and caught her gaze. "Never, ever doubt your purpose. That is when the fear comes. You are a brave woman, Natalie. Face down the fear and do what you want to do: save him."
*
When Yuffie came into the upstairs room at the inn expecting to find Natalie, she found Vincent staring at his claw with an ominous darkness to his face. She hesitated, not really wanting to get involved with what she was sure was a very deep subject, but then she gave a shrug and stepped forward. She pulled up a chair and straddled it. "What's up?"
Vincent crossed his arms to glower out the window. "Time."
Yuffie frowned, confusion wrinkling her nose before she remembered Cid had announced the completion of the generator the previous night. "Oh. Nat's going to start today, huh?" Vincent didn't reply. Yuffie nodded. "Yeah. Thought so. I knew there had to be a reason she wasn't up here. She's at the mansion, isn't she?"
"Yes. She left early this morning."
"Then what's the problem? I thought you wanted this to happen."
"I do."
An eyebrow twitched. "You afraid it won't work."
Vincent shook his head, his gaze focused solely on the well outside. "I have a bad feeling."
"Bad feelings aren't cool, Vinnie."
"I know."
"You think it's about the experiment?"
"No."
"So, you're pretty sure it's going to work?"
"Yes."
She frowned down at the back of the chair, tapping her fingers on her arm. "Hm. Creepy."
"Yes."
"You don't think Nat's going to change her mind about you when you're back to normal, do you?" Vincent remained silent. She stood and clomped over to stand beside him. "Dude, Vincent, there is no way in hell that's going to happen. She's crazy for you in a major way. Worse than Tifa and Cloud, if that's possible. C'mon. Don't worry about that."
He still said nothing.
Yuffie grimaced, remembered something Natalie had shown her, and made her way over to the dresser beside her bed. She searched through dresser drawers and under tidily folded socks. "Here it is." She turned back to Vincent. "Here. Look."
He shifted his view to the picture in her hand. He took it from her. "Where did you get this?"
"Nat showed it to me once. When we were talking about you, of course. She got it from her teacher, who got it from his sister, who got it from her best friend . . ." Yuffie grimaced again. "I can't remember the details. It gets confusing."
"Yes. I remember."
She gestured to the small picture. "This is you. Right?"
"Yes. When I was a Turk."
"That's when she first heard about you. I think. No, wait. She first heard about you when she read about Hojo's experiment. But I know that's the first time she saw you. That picture. She loves that picture, Vinnie. I've seen the way she looks at it." Yuffie wrinkled her nose. "It makes me wanna hurl, but I've still seen how she looks at it."
He pushed the photo back at her.
"I know what you're thinking, Vinnie, but it does mean something. Don't be dense."
"Yuffie--"
"Save it." Yuffie growled. "I can see that you just want to feel sorry for yourself or something. Well, I don't have to stay here and listen to it, or watch it for that matter. Deal with it. Okay? I've never seen no one so wild for you then Nat. I've never seen no one so wild for anyone. If you start second guessing everything about you two . . ." She snorted and took the picture from him with a rough motion. "Hell! Why do I even bother? You'll do what you want anyway."
She stormed from the room, slamming the door behind her. Vincent stared at it for a long moment before looking away. He knew the picture meant a lot to Natalie. It reminded her what Hojo took from him. It reminded her what she wanted to give back: his life. Somehow, deep within, he knew Natalie's feelings wouldn't change should her idea work. Their souls had entwined, drawing too close in a short amount of time for such to be a danger. What bothered him was his sudden reluctance to venture where she waited. She would see his regret at the squandered opportunity for intimacy the previous night.
The decision was right, this he knew, but the regret still tainted his thoughts. He simply could not now allow her to give herself freely to what he never held as his true reflection. When he felt her against him for the first time, he wanted to make love to her as a man and not a monster. When she spoke his name in the midst of an intimate embrace, he did not the monster within to hear the passion. He wanted to caress her with his hands of warmth and tenderness, and not the cold and lifeless claw.
He, alone, wanted to experience her.
Vincent scowled down at his claw again as a trace of her heady aroma filled his nostrils. He took in a deep breath, and his eyes glowed as he heard her voice again. 'I just want you here with me . . . Just for me? I just want you to hold me, so that I can sleep . . .' Of all the things she could have asked of him, that one request had been impossible. Impossible because I desire it so utterly. And the power of his desire terrified him more than the original discovery of his growing fondness. To have her look at me with those rich, emerald eyes and speak my name--Vincent pushed it away, fisting his hands to do so.
Natalie said the Jenova and DNA manipulation done would not affect his offspring. His children. Children to be tutored and schooled in the genetic/cellular sciences. Children to be trained to one day find his cure if Natalie were not successful. Vincent shook his head, squeezing his eyes tight with the effort to banish the thoughts. Bringing a child into the world should be done for an entirely different reason, but should she fail, what choice was left to him?
Vincent turned and strode from the room. Desperation pouted behind.
Red waited by the gate to Shinra Mansion. Vincent regarded him with a wary gaze. "Red."
"Hello, Vincent. Might I have a word with you before you make your way into the mansion? It will only take a moment."
"She has been waiting for me," Vincent made a move to pass. "Perhaps later."
Red pointedly ignored the subtle hint as he moved into Vincent's path. The scruff of hair on the nape of his neck bristled a bit as he looked up at him. "I need to speak with you. It's important."
"Red--"
"Now," he intoned with a growl.
Vincent's temper sparked. "No. I need to go to her. She has been waiting. Again." He needed her confidence to assuage the doubt. Needed to hear the soothing of her voice to quiet the building darkness. Vincent made another move to pass.
Red snarled, giving a warning snap of his jaws. Vincent stepped backward. "She will wait. She has done so her entire life. I need to speak with you." Red took a step forward. Vincent backed away. "I don't have any warnings or chastisements or anything that will cause you humiliation. I need to confide something to you that I believe you would want to hear."
Vincent's glower deepened. "Fine. Speak."
The hair on Red's back settled, and his angry expression faded. He looked almost apologetic as he cleared his throat and sat on his haunches. "I'm sorry, Vincent. I didn't mean to lose my temper."
"It is all right."
"No, it isn't, but thank you for accepting my apology." He examined Vincent's face before stepping forward. "Can we go for a walk?" Vincent's impatience must have been obvious. Red gave a nod. "I know. You want to hurry to her, but it will be just a moment. Besides, she's just now setting up. She's not ready for you quite yet."
Vincent reluctantly acquiesced, falling into step beside Red as he made his way toward Mt. Nibel. "What did you wish to confide?" Red seemed to hesitate a moment, as if he was unsure where to begin. Vincent examined him, and then he refocused his attention to the path ahead of him. "I know she doubts the wisdom of this procedure."
"That isn't what I was going to tell you." Red passed him a look. "You're a bright fellow, Vincent. I knew that you would have already reasoned she feels overwhelmed with the not-so-pleasant possibilities as to what might or might not happen. If she hadn't already confessed them to you."
"Then what is it?"
"I wasn't sure if she told you that she feels as if she is playing at the role of 'Hojo' by experimenting her idea of a cure on you."
Vincent sent Red a sharp glance and halted his progress forward. "Hojo? Why would she believe she resembled that madman?"
Red sat on his haunches, curling his tail around his forepaws as he gave himself time to think of a reply. "Much as I hate to admit it, I see a reason for her fear. You must also admit, Vincent, that she's taking your life into her hands. Isn't that what Hojo did?"
"But this is my choice," Vincent insisted through his wavering calm. "Hojo never gave me such a luxury. She did."
"Did she?"
"What are you saying? Of course."
"Vincent, hear me out." Red gathered his thoughts. "Her mind continues to reason that there was no choice given, on the grounds that she simply offered the possibility of something you already wanted. She knew you wanted freedom from what Hojo made you, and that is what took away your choice."
Vincent clenched his jaw. His muscle twitched wildly. "What should I do to convince her that if I hadn't wanted to do--"
"That is the problem," Red interrupted. "She knew you wanted this. That is why she feels there was no other option for you. You don't care about the danger, therefore there is no choice."
"I do care about the danger!" Vincent's amber eyes sparked. "Do you really believe I am oblivious to the possibility I may be forever without her? Or she without me? Do you believe I wish for her to always lay awake at night wondering if there could have been something different done in order to save my life? Do you believe I want her to be tortured with the fact that she was the cause of my death?"
"No. I don't."
"Then tell me," Vincent raged. "Tell me what I could possibly do to get what I want! Tell me what other option is available to rid me of this mutation that twists my insides with hate and grotesque wickedness. I will never accept it as who I am. I have told her this!"
"I know."
Vincent continued as if Red had not spoken. "She must try because it might work. She must try because it is my only option. The only other is to remain as I am, never knowing if there was a way to win. Never knowing if there was a way to sneer in Hojo's face and say 'I have won against your insanity. Your life is not mine.' That was my choice before. Now I have chosen the possibility of life instead of complacency. I have explained that to her as well."
Red nodded and released a quick breath. "She knows all this, Vincent. I just thought you should be told it still bothers her. Natalie wants to protect you so completely that, at times, she doesn't see that her desire defeats all reason. She will go on with her idea because she wants you to be free as much as you do. She goes on because she cares for you, deeply, as I know you care for her."
Vincent gathered his control, frayed at the edges as it was, and spoke after a long pause. "Red, what can I do? She should not be tortured with accusations comparing her with a madman. What can I say that will put it out of her mind once and for all?"
Red shook his head. "I don't know. I've already told her that she shouldn't ever doubt what her heart tells her is her purpose, but I don't believe that is the same as believing she's following in the footsteps of someone like Hojo. That may be a battle she must fight alone, within herself."
"I will not let her fight alone."
Red smiled. "No. I suppose you wouldn't. Perhaps that is what she needs. Just you."
"I don't know how that could be enough for anyone, but she seems content."
"It's because she loves you. You may not understand why, but love is never understood by those who experience it."
Vincent looked over toward the mansion. "So I have noticed."
Red examined his face before nudging at his leg. "Go. I've kept you long enough, Vincent. I'm sorry."
Vincent released a slow breath as he turned for the mansion without a word. Red's confession of Natalie's fear bothered him. Am I truly helpless? Is there nothing I can do to assure her? He had tried, so many times, to set her mind at rest regarding the experiment, but was there nothing else he could do? Is it truly up to her whether or not she accepts what I've told her? Vincent clenched his jaw. He never cared for feeling helpless, and that hadn't changed.
He pushed through the gate and made his way inside the mansion. His mind remained strangely silent as he navigated the rooms that would lead him to the basement laboratory. The silence seemed to leer at him. Ridiculing his attempt at humanity. Sneering at his endeavors to act tender and understanding. 'Why do you not hide again? If things are so difficult, run away. As you did before,' the silence seemed to say. But what would that prove? Nothing. Things would be the same. Dead. Lifeless. Empty. Alone. After having Natalie as an active part of his dreams and his reality, there was no way he would relinquish it. He wanted it all.
Vincent paused outside the laboratory door. It stood ajar, and he could hear Natalie's voice as she walked herself through a procedure. Guiding herself through it with occasional words of praise and encouragement. Then she moved to a different project and was heard telling herself different possibilities as well as the reasons why one would be more plausible than the other. Listening to her . . . his lips rose in a smile and he reached out to push the door wider open, gently and without a sound. She intently examined a slide under a microscope while her free hand held a book.
"See?" Natalie told herself with a hushed voice. "There isn't much difference from this one and the original DNA, yet this is after Hojo determined the experiment to be a success. Let's see . . . what was the date on this sample?"
She moved her gaze from the microscope to the notes carefully arranged on the desk and began searching for the information she needed, not noticing Vincent as he stepped further into the room. A slight breeze carried the fragrance of her toward him and he halted, closing his eyes and drawing in a deep breath. His pulse quickened. The crinkle of paper opened his eyes. She had found the report she sought and now nibbled on the end of her fingernail as she read it over. He swallowed hard and closed his eyes again, snatching at his dissipating restraint.
"That can't be right. Hm. Where was that other paper . . . Ah-hah!"
She leaned far over the desk, reaching just as Vincent opened his eyes. His gaze relished the curves of her, inviting a touch and caress--Vincent shook his head, clearing away the poignant desire. He cleared his throat.
Natalie gave a start, and straightened with a muffled yelp. When she faced him, a smile caressed those rose lips and set her emerald eyes afire. She leaned back against the desk, closing the book to hug it against the curves of her chest. "Good morning, Vincent." Her tone caressed his soul. "Did you sleep well?"
"Yes." His tone was surprisingly even, and she didn't seem to notice his struggle to keep his distance. "You?"
She lowered her gaze with a one-shouldered shrug, kicking at the carpet with the toe of her sneaker. "I dreamt of you. We were having a picnic in the Temple of the Ancients, and then we walked around the Sleeping Forest. It felt nice, being there with you."
He had dreamt of her as well. Her laughter. Her smiles. The way her touch would linger on his golden claw and human arm alike . . . Vincent's throat tightened, and he balled a fist behind his back. "I am glad. You needed your rest."
Natalie released a slow breath, catching his gaze after she set the book aside. "Are you ready?"
"Yes. You?" Her lips were caressed with another smile, and Vincent felt the heat rise to his ears.
"I have been ready for years, Vincent."
"As have I."
She turned away, and Vincent relaxed his stance, taking in a deep and silent breath as he hurriedly captured the remnants of his self-control.
"Very well then. We should get started." She pulled out a chair and turned to offer him another smile. "Could you sit here please? I am going to begin by taking a blood sample."
He clenched his jaw and stepped closer. She was wearing a new fragrance. Something reminiscent of the flowers Aeris had grown in the slums. "Very well."
Once he sat in the chair, her hip continued to brush his shoulder as she reached for the syringe, alcohol, and other miscellaneous paraphernalia needed. Vincent felt hard-pressed to keep his eyes from rolling back in his head as he gripped the arms of the chair.
"Now, this should not hurt." Natalie set aside the syringe and leaned forward to roll up the sleeve of his black shirt--he'd left his red cape in his room at Cloud's.
Vincent wisely decided to hold his breath. The warmth of her breath on his arm did enough to cause distraction.
"There will be a little pinch . . ."
All he could feel was the tender kiss of her fingers on his skin. He clenched his jaw harder.
"All done." She rolled down his sleeve and fastened the button at the cuff. "You okay?"
Vincent caught her gaze. They registered concern. "Yes." His voice was calmness itself.
Natalie's fingers lingered on the top of his hand for the barest hint of a moment, and then she gestured toward a machine on the far side of the laboratory. "I'd like to take an X-ray."
Vincent followed her, desperately trying to keep his eyes from her gentle sway as she walked. She stood to one side of the table and patted it with a reassuring smile. He stared at it a moment before swallowing hard and turning to push himself up.
"Now, lay back." Natalie placed a hand on his back and gently guided him to lean against the cold surface. She rubbed at his arm with another reassuring smile as she brought a machine over to the table. "I will simply X-ray your claw. It will only take a moment. Lay still."
She adjusted the settings on the machine and then stepped away. A few moments later, she was back and pushing the machine to the side. Her hand again went to his back to help him sit up. Their gazes locked, and she smiled. Vincent's eyes lingered on her lips a moment before he was able to look away, sliding off the table and walking toward the far side of the room under the pretense of examining the pages of research notes she had been perusing when he entered.
Natalie came to stand beside him. Much as he knew she would. "Notes. Mostly Hojo's and Gast's, but some are mine accumulated over the past several years."
Her breath smelled of honey and fruit. Vincent clutched a hand behind his back as he turned to face her. "What next?"
Her lips parted with a chuckle and she shook her head. Her curls--drawn up in a ponytail--danced around her ears and neck. He could see the tender pulse--he blinked and shoved the thought away.
"You, sir, are done. I, on the other hand, will be delving into the supposed boring aspects of the process over the next few days: outline a strategy and rule out possibilities, things of that nature. That way we can get more done. The longer days won't be until next week or after."
A stray eyelash fell to her cheek, and he reached out to touch it away before he could stop himself. They stared down at it a moment before she held his hand, closed her eyes, and blew it away. Then she looked up at him with a smile. Her eyes twinkled.
"What did you do?" This time, his voice wasn't so calm. It wavered, ever so slightly deeper than normal.
"I made a wish." She lowered her eyes, dropping her hand from his. "I suppose it is a silly custom, but I find it fun."
Natalie made a move to turn away, but he stopped her with a gentle grip on her arm. "Natalie."
She looked up, her eyes slightly wide. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing." His eyes raked her face for a long and silent moment before he spoke again. "Just wait. Let me see you."
Her cheeks flushed a glorious crimson, but she did not turn away. Nor did she lower her gaze. "I promise I won't go anywhere, Vincent. I will still be here tomorrow."
"I know." He reached up to stroke her cheek and jaw, his touch following the line of her face before caressing her lower lip with a single finger. "Just wait."
"Vincent . . ." Her eyes closed as she leaned in. "Vincent, I . . . I need to work."
"I know," he repeated.
Vincent moved closer. Her breath tickled his cheek. He closed his eyes, relishing the silky softness of her skin against his lips, breathing in the delicate fragrance of blossoms from her hair and skin. She voiced a feeble protest as he pulled her into his arms. His lips wandered to the sensitive area beneath her ear.
"I need to say thank you," he whispered. "Thank you for offering me a choice other than isolation."
Natalie's arms encircled him as she released a deep breath. "You're welcome."
Her sweet breath feathered a cascade of flaming tongues down his spine--"I need to go now, Natalie."
Her arms tightened around him for the briefest moment before she nodded and loosened her grip. "I know."
He steeled himself against her warmth and honeysweet breath in his hair to push gently back. She hadn't opened her eyes and her lips were slightly parted. To kiss her . . . to kiss her would--"Natalie. Please. Turn away." He forced himself to release his grip on her arms. She turned, staggering forward to rest her hands on the arms of the chair. Vincent watched her in silence for a long moment. When it looked as if she would face him--"No. Don't. Wait until I leave, Natalie. Please."
She nodded, and he saw a telltale drip of a tear color the seat of the chair. His insides twisted, but he kept himself from stepping forward. "I will come out for lunch, Vincent," she whispered. "Will you meet me by the gate?"
"Yes. I will."
He made a move to turn away, but something stopped him. "Natalie, please remember what I said in your room last night. To be with you--" He clenched his jaw.
"I . . . I know."
And he could hear the smile in her tone. Relief loosened the tension in his back. "I will see you for lunch then."
She nodded. Vincent turned away, leaving the door as he found it: ajar. He paused there for a moment--he heard the creak of the chair as she sat. Then a deep exhalation of breath. "He smells so good," Natalie whispered.
Vincent smiled and moved away from the door.
*
Lunch came and went, but Natalie didn't emerge from the mansion.
Vincent waited by the gate until dusk had fully settled upon the town, then he gave the mansion one last look before turning toward Cloud's house. He was inside sharpening one of the many swords in his collection.
Cloud looked up at Vincent's entrance. "Hey. How was lunch?" He looked at the time on the wall and smirked. "How was dinner and dessert, for that matter."
"She didn't come."
Cloud lowered the weapon with an incredulous expression. "She stood you up? Are you serious?"
Vincent stiffly sat at the kitchen table. "No. She didn't come. It wasn't intentional. She is a scientist. Her work distracted her."
"Did you go in to let her know you'd been waiting?"
"No."
"Why not?" Vincent cast Cloud a look, who smiled with a knowing expression. "I see. Just a little too close and personal down there, huh?" Vincent looked away. Cloud chuckled, carefully sliding the weapon back into its scabbard before setting it aside. "You know, she's got to eat. You should take something down there. If you're not so sure going down alone is a good idea, I'll go too."
"It isn't necessary. When she's hungry, she'll come out."
Cloud smirked. "Just be ready to wait. It may take a couple days. The tension may kill you."
Vincent had already suspected much the same. In fact, he had nearly done himself in that morning.
"You curious about what's got her so distracted?"
"Yes. She took a blood sample and an X-ray this morning."
"Of your claw?"
Vincent nodded and lifted up the golden atrocity to view it. "I wonder what she's found beneath its cold loveliness."
"Why don't you go down there and ask her?" Cloud smirked. "I'm sure she'd be more than willing to show you."
Vincent stared at it a moment longer before lowering it to his side. He stood. "Perhaps tomorrow."
"You going to bed?"
"Yes."
"You know you probably won't sleep much."
Vincent's lips twisted in a smirk as he made his way to the back bedroom. He would sleep. He would sleep and dream as he always did, but this time she would be waiting there for him.
XIII
AN ODD DISCOVERY

Natalie scrawled the notes on the quickly filling desk blotter before looking for the other blood sample. She placed the slide under the microscope and zoomed in. "That is so odd. How can that be right? Did I date them wrong?" She sat back in the chair, gnawing on her lower lip as she twirled a curl around her finger. Then she nibbled on the end. "It's like looking at samples from three different people; Vincent's original sample, his present one, and the one taken directly after the experiment done by Hojo."
Natalie couldn't understand it. The one she had taken more closely resembled his original, but with definite traces of the Jenova cells forcefully inserted into his protein makeup, only not as pronounced. Natalie pulled her hair back into a bun, fastening it with a pencil as she navigated the piles and stacks once again view Vincent's X-ray. Thanks to Shinra technology, she had been able to scan through the claw to see the human skeletal structure beneath. What she had assumed would hide a Jenova graft, did nothing of the kind.
"It's his arm! But there must be a reason for the claw's presence, and by looking at these wavering Jenova traces in his blood, I'm beginning to think--could it be that simple?"
Natalie turned away, frowning as she scratching at her scalp. "I simply must remove the outer covering. I need to know, beyond any doubt, what is under that shell before I can think anything else."
She nodded brusquely and hurried from the lab, rushing down the hallway to climb the spiral stairs and hurry out of the mansion to Cloud's house. She didn't notice the stars twinkling in the sky, the still silence of the town as the people slept, nor the fact it was close to two o'clock in the morning.
She knocked. The door was immediately opened by Vincent. Natalie didn't notice the concern in his eyes nor the lack of sleep and haggardness which marked his face. All she focused on were reasons and possibilities. "Vincent, I need you to come to the lab."
He shut the door behind him. "Is something wrong?"
Natalie shook her head, absently taking his hand and pulling him toward the nansion. "No. Nothing's wrong. I just need to see about taking off the outer covering of your claw."
"Take off the outer covering?"
Natalie gave a nod, offering nothing more and oblivious to his puzzled scrutiny of her face.
When they reached the basement laboratory, she sat him in the chair and went in search of the tools seen. "Here they are." She returned to his side, set out the tools she would need, and then set to work. "This shouldn't hurt."
It didn't. At least he didn't complain. The claw, much to Natalie's surprise, was very easy to dismantle. All she had to do was press a switch here, release a catch there, slide off a restraining chain from a screw, and the claw slipped free--to a certain extent. It seemed to catch on something and, when she attempted to pull it the remaining way, Vincent winced.
"Sorry," she said absently, and immediately began analyzing the problem. "There seems to be something connected in there. Hold on a second." Natalie touched her upper lip with the tip of her tongue, closing her eyes to aid in her concentration as she gingerly felt up his arm. Her eyes flew open at the slight touch--"Oh my goodness!" She knelt, almost desperate in her attempt to visually confirm what her fingers had discovered, and sat back on her heels. "Of course! Why didn't I think of that before?"
Natalie laughed and rushed to her feet, hurrying to the other side of the laboratory while muttering under her breath about "chemical reactions" and the "possibility of rejection" being "too great to risk anything else." Vincent could only watch her--when she was very occasionally in his view--desperately attempting to reason out why his arm had been hidden by a claw and not a grotesque portion of Jenova grafted to his body, as he had supposed for years.
Finally, Natalie came to kneel in front of him again. Her hands disappeared under his shirt to his underarm to feel for the things she'd found before. "Now, Vincent," she told him matter-of-fact, eyes closed, "there are tubes inserted into different arteries in your arms that are, apparently, circulating the Jenova cells into your system on a semi-continuous basis."
Her tongue flicked out to wet her lips before she opened her eyes, smiling as she withdrew her hands. She sat back on her heels, and her eyes sparkled with enthusiasm. "Do you know what this means? It means your body rejects Jenova cells when left to its own devices! The chemical matrix of your body and that of Jenova aren't compatible. So Hojo had to create this device, which works like a dialysis system, in order to continually introduce the Jenova cells that have kept you this way."
"What . . . what made you think of this?"
"I noticed that your blood chemistry was different in ways that it shouldn't have been. It is as if the claw is set to introduce the Jenova cells only at certain times."
"If you remove the claw and the tubes that have been inserted . . . I should revert to my original form?"
Natalie laughed, leaning forward to rest her elbows on his knees as she gazed up at him. "No, no. You, sir, are in your original form as we speak. You will simply lose the characteristics Jenova gave you: the red eyes, longevity of life, flight, and who knows what else."
Vincent shifted his focus from her face to the claw dangling precariously within his grasp. Tubing snaked from its hollow shell to disappear up his arm. Every once and a while he felt a slight twinge of pain, but this only came when he attempted to move. "I . . . I . . . ."
Natalie's expression softened as she stood, carefully reassembling the claw over his arm. He placed a hand on hers to stop her, and she looked over at him. "It's all right, Vincent. I am only going to put it on temporarily. I don't want to hurt you with all the jostling about. Besides, I need to do a little bit more research into how it's inserted into your arm before I go poking around in there."
Vincent removed his hand and watched her own as they worked, gently reconstructing the cool, golden claw. "Could it be? Could my answer be so simple?"
Her smile remained as her hands tenderly held the claw in place. "Come with me. I need you to move over there. I will hold this to make sure it doesn't pull."
Vincent stood, allowing himself to be led to the examination table beside the X-ray machine. He laid back and rest his arm on a side table. Natalie again dissembled the claw and arranged it as painlessly as possible around his arm.
"Natalie," Vincent said in a quiet tone, "could the cure be as simple as this?"
She set the pieces of the claw aside, staring down at it for a long moment before pulling a chair close. She took his previously glove-covered hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. "We are the ones who usually believe science must be complicated. Oftentimes it isn't. Just like this. The most difficult thing will be the removal procedure. I am not a surgeon, and it has been a long time since I studied anatomy in school. But." Natalie squeezed his hand again. "I don't want to take them out just yet. I am going to clamp them off first. I don't want to take them out only to find that you go into some type of horrid withdrawal. It would be just my luck that Hojo used an addictive chemical base." Natalie's smile faded to hesitation. "Is that all right?"
"You are the professor, Natalie. This is your field of expertise."
She smiled. "You just want the easy way out."
Vincent reluctantly smiled. "I would never recognize the easy way."
"No. I guess you wouldn't." Natalie sighed, leaning forward to caress his cheek with her fingers. "If something bad happens, to spite Hojo I'll design a way to use this thing to reintroduce your original DNA, or plasma, or blood, or whatever needs to be done. It serves him right."
"And once Jenova is removed from my system?"
Natalie gave a slight shrug as she smiled. "Knowing you, rejection won't take too long. So I would recommend bed-rest for at least a week or two." She gave his hand another gentle squeeze. "Don't worry, though. I will take care of you."
Vincent continued to stare at the hand and arm freed from the chilled metal of the claw. Natalie's eyes brimmed with tears as she watched him. Her other hand reached out to brush some hair from his cheek. His hand tightened on hers as his gaze shifted to her face.
"Are you going to be all right?" Natalie asked softly. "This is a lot of information to be sprung on you, I know."
Vincent's eyes once again focused on his hand as it held hers. "Could it be so simple?"
"Sure. Why not?" Natalie propped her chin on her hand, watching him with a slight smile. "You have never led a simple life, have you?"
He laid his head back and closed his eyes. His hand tightened on hers again. "No."
"I would love to break your record, Vincent," she whispered. Her thumb continued to caress his hand. "You deserve a break. Don't you think?"
Vincent's lips twitched upward. "Perhaps." Her presence eased the tension. His eyes drifted open long enough to catch her gaze. "I was concerned for you. You missed lunch."
"I am sorry, Vincent. You're not mad, are you?"
"No. I knew that you were working." His eyes closed again. "I tried to meet you in my dreams instead."
"Couldn't sleep?"
He released a long breath. "No. Your voice wasn't there."
Natalie pinched her lower lip. Then she stood and eased herself up beside him, draping her arm across him as she laid her cheek on his chest. His heartbeat was rhythmic and strong. "I am here now, Vincent. Go to sleep."
"Am I not already? Are you sure this is no dream?"
Her eyelids began to droop, and she fought back a yawn. "Positive. I'm too sleepy." She surrendered to the yawn and let her eyes close. "I do believe I will take a nap. You are incredibly warm. I will cure you in the morning." She snuggled closer. "I love you, Vincent."
Vincent pressed his lips against her hair, and Natalie released a long breath as reality faded to dreams. He stared down at her for a moment once sleep had beckoned her away. Then he moved his gaze to the claw representing his separation from gentleness. The urge to tear it from his arm was so strong--He turned his face away and clenched his fist. He had waited this long. A few more weeks or days would be a mere blink, especially when Natalie would be so close. What else mattered?
"The realization of my freedom," he muttered harshly. "Don't forget that."
But that desire already faded to a distant second. He knew that if the cure would cause his death, he would be content to remain as he was. After all, how could he not be content when Natalie loved him for who and what he was: darkness and light.
Vincent took in a deep breath of the scent of her. With each draw his humanness forced its way through the mired sludge that had once choked his compassion to nonexistence. Now . . . every laugh. Every smile. Every intentional touch of her hand on his revived what he once thought lost forever.
A voice pushed through to whisper 'I am becoming less human . . .'
Yes. He had thought that when taking on his final form: Chaos. Now he remembered it again, as he told himself he would. Vincent shifted his focus to Natalie's peaceful face. "You have lost, Hojo. Your final defeat lies within her control. Her tender touch will render your twisted accomplishment void, and you will be forgotten. You will be forgotten and not I." That admission caused a wave of warmth and freedom.
A smile danced on his lips, easing the chill coolness of his features and amber eyes. He drew her closer, pressing his lips against her hair. Then he surrendered to the beckoning darkness of a sleep with no fear.
*
"Tifa, you seen Vincent or Natalie?"
Tifa looked up from where she curled up on the couch reading a book. She sent Cloud a smile. "Hey, you. How was the walk with Cid to the power plant?"
Cloud sat beside her, pulling her legs up onto his lap. "Good, considering. Everything's looking great. It's working fine. No hiccups. No bugs. Nothing wrong that we can see. He scoped out a couple more places where he can build them, and he figures we can power at least one more town just from here. We only need to figure the best way to get the power from point A to point B. I'm voting for underground cable."
"That's great. Now, what's this about Vincent and Natalie?"
"When I woke up this morning he was gone. And Yuffie said Natalie never went to bed last night."
"Do you think they're in the mansion? You know yesterday was the day."
"I was on my way over when I figured I'd stop and say 'hi'." Cloud placed a kiss on her lips. "Hi."
Tifa wrapped her arms around his neck. "Hi, yourself."
He stood, bringing Tifa up within his arms. "Wanna come with?"
"To the mansion?" She shrugged, adjusting her hold around his neck. "Sure. Why not? It's not like I have anywhere else to go."
Cloud made his way to the door, waited while she opened it for him, and then stepped through. "I hope they aren't in a situation like before."
"Yeah. Catching them twice would be a little too embarrassing." Tifa rested her head against him. "It was sweet, though. Vincent kissing someone like Natalie. A Turk with a professional geek."
"Go figure."
They reached the entrance of the Mansion. "So, what exactly did you want with Vincent and Natalie?"
He smirked. "I was wanting to know how the computer was running."
"Liar. You wanted to check up on those two. You aren't their chaperone, you know."
"I know."
"So what's the real reason?"
"I was curious. I wanted to see what she was planning on doing. Look over her shoulder, I guess. Maybe give her a hand."
"Don't you think she'd ask if she needed help?"
"Are you kidding? She wouldn't think of that. She's used to working by herself." He winked at her. "Just like me."
"Oh. You recognized the 'loner' attitude, eh?"
When they reached the mansion gate, he set her on her feet. "Something like that. It's a gift."
"Vincent sure makes it go away, huh?"
"You noticed?"
Tifa smirked, nudging him toward the room with the spiral staircase. "Smart aleck."
"Hey. No name calling. I'll have to retaliate."
Tifa chuckled. "Oh? Now that I would like to see."
Cloud grabbed her waist and nibbled on her ear. "Hey, just say the word."
She pulled free. "Behave yourself, Mr. Strife, or there will be no dinner for you."
Cloud bowed, twice. "Yes, ma'am."
Laughing, Tifa grabbed his hand. "Oh come on, silly. Let's go down and see if they're here."
The two didn't hear voices or any telltale sign of activity as they made their way down the spiral staircase and through the hall to the basement laboratory beyond. Once they reached the door to the lab, they were reasonably certain there wouldn't be any surprises behind the door. Not to mention the fact it was already slightly ajar. So, Cloud and Tifa both gave a shrug and pushed it open.
Inside, Vincent and Natalie were both sound asleep on a makeshift examination bed positioned on the far side of the lab.
Tifa tightened her grip on Cloud's hand, resting her head on his arm. "Is that the sweetest thing you've seen in ages, or what?"
"Damned if I thought it would happen." He smirked. "It couldn't have happened to nicer people, though."
"It's like they've been together forever."
Cloud nodded. Then he gestured over to the desk with its varying assortment of opened books, scribbled notes, and microscope slides. "Take a look. She's been busy."
"How much of that is new and how much is from her whole life researching him?"
"Probably six of one and half a dozen of the other."
"Do you . . . do you think she'll cure him?"
"Hell ya. That woman is a lot like you. She can do anything once she sets her mind to it."
"Thanks."
He pressed his lips against her hair. "No problem. Now, come on. I feel like we're eavesdropping. Let's go have some dinner. They'll wake up soon enough to let us know how things are going."
Tifa nodded peeking at the sleeping couple one last time before following Cloud from the room. She closed the door quietly behind her.

XIV
PASSIONS

Natalie yawned and stretched, feeling much the cat that swallowed the canary. Time after time she woke to the warmth of his arm around her. To the steady beat of his heart in her ear. To the softness of his breath against her hair. Had anything been so wonderful? Not that she could remember. She tightened her arms around him.
"Good morning," he greeted.
Natalie cast a glance to the clock on the far wall. "It certainly is." The temptation to snuggle closer was tremendous, but she resisted. Instead, she sat up and put a hand up to salvage her ponytail of tousled curls. "Did you want anything specific for breakfast? I could put in a request for eggs and toast at the inn."
Vincent's eyes glowed for a moment before a guard seemed to click into place. "No."
She smiled down at him for a long moment before shifting and sliding off the bed. Her back protested, and every muscle yearned for a hot bath. She stretched and twisted, persuading her body to wake and cooperate before facing him. He watched her with an odd expression. Natalie blushed. "To be honest, I would rather skip coffee and breakfast and dive my nose into my notes. Something about creating a cure is quite compelling."
A smile teased the corner of his lips. "Yes."
She stepped forward, leaning her hands against the bed as she held his gaze. "Unfortunately, you will need to be patient a bit longer, Mr. Valentine. I need to find schematics of the machine within your claw before I can safely proceed one way or the other."
Vincent reached forward suddenly and caressed her cheek. Natalie blinked, her heart thudding in her chest when the guard fell away from his eyes. Had she ever seen such a compelling warmth? Such a clear spark of--
"Natalie, last night while you slept a realization was made. Many, in fact."
"About what?" Though a part of her almost felt fear at the asking.
"About who I am. Who I want to be. What I want." Vincent smiled, and the genuine expression grabbed her heart and drew it to him as no other man ever attempted. "I want you to try this cure, yes, but I won't force you to continue if it means my death. "
Natalie blinked at him, tears burning as her mouth worked to vocalize her terror to believe what he said. Did he . . . ? But how could she give words to her hope? It might wake her from her dream.
His hand brushed a curl from her face, those amber eyes tracing the line of her jaw to linger on her lips. "The life with you is more than enough to sate my dreams of freedom--No. No, not 'more than enough.' That life will be well beyond any hope I held. Hojo be damned."
"Vincent," she choked, falling into those strong arms as relief set loose her tears. She buried her face into the silky lengths of his black hair.
He breathed deep of her hair, his arms tightening about her. Then he enfolded her upper arms in a gently firm grip and gave a slight push. Natalie's hold around him resisted, her heart pounding. "Natalie . . ." he pleaded, gruffly.
She squeezed her eyes tight and forced her arms to loosen their hold. "Vincent . . . ." She could feel the burn of those amber eyes well before she met his gaze. They burned with passion and desire, glowing as the red of a raging fire. "Vincent, why not?"
"Because of how you feel."
She pulled him into another embrace, tightening her arms around him until it became a struggle to breathe. "Is it so wrong, us being together?"
He did not answer for such a long moment . . . . "Natalie, that is not what I mean for you to think."
"Then why?" She wiped her tear-stained cheeks against the silk of his black shirt. "Why not?"
"I refuse to erase your innocence while still trapped within this nightmare. Not when there is still the possibility of being made whole. Natalie, please." He held her out at arm's length to meet her tear-filled gaze. "Please understand."
Natalie struggled against his grip. "I don't care about monster or human or whatever you think might make a bit of difference. I love you, Vincent, and I want to be with you. All of me! Do you really believe I'm going to be able to think straight when all I imagine--"
"Don't!" His eyes flashed red and black as he pushed away, the examination bed serving a boundary between them. "I understand, Natalie, and have grappled with that desire myself. What a triumph to share my twisted self with a woman who loves my darkness and light? But you . . . you deserve so much more than what this creature before you can offer, and this is why I must go."
Natalie paled, her hands fisting at her sides. "What do you mean 'go'? Go where?"
"Cid and Cloud plan to build another generator in Rocket Town."
"So?"
"I want to help."
"No." Natalie shook her head violently, reaching toward him. He stepped back. "I need you here, Vincent. I want you here!"
"I know," he said, a flash of pain shifting the amber to black. "I want to be here with you, but you must study and focus. You cannot do so when I am here."
"Why not?" And Natalie could not persuade that selfish side of her into silence. She understood--too well--the good sense behind what he said. Even now, the longer she could feel his warmth and smell his heady aroma, all thought of formulas and theories scattered.
"Your passion is stealing your focus. If I keep my distance for a day or two, you will be better able to think and reason." She shook her head without meaning, unable to tear her wide-eyed gaze from his face. "Natalie, it is becoming harder to resist you," he pressed. "I must go."
She stared at him, pinching at her lower lip as she fought with these two sides of herself. Was she so desperate to tie him to her that she would resort to--She choked on a sob of anger--at herself--and frustration and stormed from the lab.
*
Vincent stared at the wall ahead for a span of five deliberate and deep breaths before shifting his focus to the door. Since the evening of her first request to stay with her, tensions had escalated, with each day a greater challenge than the last. Today the promise of channeling their feelings into a night of shared passion and intimacy threatened to devour him. His only hope for survival was escape.
He navigated his way through the basement and mansion to the late morning sunshine. A heated argument drew his focus: Cloud and Natalie. Dread swelled as Vincent approached, for he could see the tell-tale flush of rage and--she slapped him, the sound echoing in the sudden silence, and then stalked away.
Cloud held his cheek as he blinked after her. "What the hell got in to her?" Cloud looked to Vincent. "She wanted me to tell you I didn't need your help. But how could I do that when we need all the help we can get? Besides, I didn't know you were actually planning on coming with us! I thought--Oh, hell, I don't know what I thought. Next thing I know she's yelling at me that I'm ruining her life and I should just leave you alone because I already have Tifa." Cloud stretched out his hands. "Can you please tell me what I did? What the hell is going on?"
"I told her I was going to Rocket Town to help you and Cid with the generator." Perhaps he would have been better served to simply go?
"But what about your cure?"
"Natalie needs the time to study anatomy and procedures of surgery." 
Cloud opened his mouth and then shook his head, mumbling "I don't understand anything anymore," before he strode toward Tifa's house.
Vincent stared after him--a door slammed, at the inn, and Vincent shifted his attention to Cid. The engineer stalked toward him, his features as hard as granite and his gaze as black as death. Yet another casualty to Natalie's temper.
"Vincent, I need to have a word with you." Cid's voice was calmness itself.
Rarely had he seen the engineer in any mood other than irritated. It did not bode well to the state of the man's internal rage. "What is it?"
"Your scientist friend nearly took my head off with a chair." Cid removed his cap to indicate a fresh cut oozing blood. He replaced his cap and took a long drag on his cigarette. He blew it out just as slowly. "Do you mind telling me why she's acting pissier than a cat in heat?"
"It will pass."
"Oh I know it'll pass," Cid said, his voice still dangerously calm. "But it better pass before I lose my patience, or she's liable to find herself over my knee with a sore behind." He stalked away.
Vincent looked up to the second story window of the inn just as there sounded a crash and long growl punctuated by a high-pitched, feline yowl. It rang similar in pitch to Red being trod upon.
"Natalie." Vincent released a long breath before making his way toward the inn. Red limped down the stairs, nursing his left front leg. "What happened?"
Red cleared his throat--he seemed embarrassed--and hobbled past Vincent toward the exit. "My fault. I asked the wrong question at entirely the wrong time." When Vincent continued his progress through the main lobby and toward the stairs, Red offered, "Vincent, I don't believe it would be wise to disturb her at the moment."
"It is my fault." He understood well her frustration, but there could be no surrender to desires this time.
"Perhaps so, but it would still be best to allow her time to cool her temper."
Vincent hesitated, looking toward the crest of the stairs while experiencing a pull upon his heart and soul. Had a woman ever been so able to affect him? To draw him as if controlled by strings? He inclined his head and turned, persuading his steps to follow Red from the inn. He cringed when another crash shattered the silence. "Red--"
"It will pass, Vincent. Believe it or not, it will pass."
Vincent said nothing. Instead, he continued toward the well where Cid and Cloud waited. Cloud sported a pronounced hand-print on his cheek, and a fresh bandage peeked from under Cid's cap. Vincent cast a glance over his shoulder toward the inn's upper window as the curtain closed. He clenched his jaw and shifted back. No, he did not want to leave her in such a rage, but how he could he remain when knew the temptation already threatened to overwhelm him? If he went to her now, there would be no further resistance.
"It won't take too long to get it built, because I have all the parts in my workshop," Cid was saying. "Once we get it running, we can route the cable to here and see about synchronizing the generators to produce enough power for one or two other towns."
"Sounds good," Cloud said with a nod.
Vincent said nothing.
"I don't know how accessible the geothermal power is in Rocket Town. All I know is the damn stuff is there."
Cloud gave a brusque nod. "We'll find it."
Vincent could feel her gaze and the draw. He could sense the agony and confusion, the frustration as she tried to reason herself from the illusion of a growing distance between them. He frowned, lowering his gaze to the packed earth beneath his boots. Is that what he chose? Distance? Did he truly believe this escape his only course? Fleeing the temptation. Running from the desire. Strengthening the barrier he had long since raised around his heart and soul--"I cannot go."
The group blinked at him.
"What?" Cid asked first. "What the hell do you mean?"
Vincent focused on Cloud. The ex-SOLDIER's mouth quirked in a smile before he gave a brief nod. Vincent shifted his focus to the engineer. "I have unfinished business."
"I bet you do." Cid intercepted the glares of the other three and scoffed before striding from town without another word.
"Good luck," Cloud said. "You'll need it, I think." He gave Tifa one last embrace before following after the engineer.
Red regarded Vincent a long moment before giving a shake of his head. "Farewell, everyone. I'm off to Cosmo Canyon to see about a source of power there. Wish me luck."
"Bye, Red. Good luck." Tifa faced Vincent. "Is there anything I can do?"
He stared up at the second story window. He could almost hear her tears. "I don't know."
"This is the tough part in a relationship, Vincent. Don't give up. Don't try and hide from your feelings, either. It won't help. As you can see." Vincent met her gaze. She smiled. "I'm not saying you should go back on what you decided. Just . . . just don't worry about that. I understand where you're coming from, as much as someone could who isn't you, and I really think it's wonderful. She does too, I bet. It's just a little too hard right now. She probably feels like she's about ready to blow up and doesn't know how to vent." Tifa laughed. "Poor Cloud."
"How do I help her?"
"Talking about it in a public place always helps. That way you don't have to worry about that quick detour to the bed." Tifa flushed. "I've nearly done that a couple times myself. Believe me. It's easy to do. But, unfortunately, you really need to deal with this before you can move on. I know it feels like you've already dealt with this and you're going around in circles. Or maybe you don't know why you just don't give her what she wants? That's the decision you both need to make. Once it's made, it's made. You can't go back."
"I know."
"Yeah, I know you do." She rested a hand on his shoulder and gave it a squeeze. "Just remember to listen and hear what she's saying. Okay?" He inclined his head. "Good luck, Vincent."
He shifted his gaze to the second story window, breathed deep, and stepped toward the entrance.
*
The moment Vincent took that first step toward the inn, Natalie spun from the window, grabbing at the frayed tatters of her composure as she stalked from her room to the stairs. Vincent entered the lobby as she reached the middle of the stairway. He paused, but she didn't. She strode past without a word, hoping and yet dreading that he would follow. He did, but after a moment's hesitation.
"I don't want to deal with this right now, Vincent." And a part of her regretted the snap and snarl of her tone. "I--You have no idea how furious I am at the moment." But she still couldn't admit that she fell victim to the greatest part of her rage.
He easily matched her stride. "I know," he said. "We need to talk."
"All we do is talk," she snapped. He met her gaze. Natalie dragged her eyes from his before he could read what she tried to hide. "I am oh so tired of talking. Of controlling myself when I'm with you. Of being--"she gulped--"of being alone."
"I know. So am I."
She halted so suddenly that he took a step past before turning. "Then why?"
"That is what we need to face. I have explained myself to you, Natalie, and you said you understood. Now you act as if you have forgotten what I told you."
Natalie crossed her arms and glared beyond him to the mansion. "I haven't. I just don't care anymore."
His gaze burned, raising the hairs on the back of her neck. "Then I suppose we have nothing more to talk say to one another."
Natalie's focus shifted, her brain skulking back as she processed his words and his expression. The rigid stance. His arms straight at his sides. Her anger dwindled. "What do you mean?"
"If you no longer care what I feel, then you are no longer the woman I grew fond of these short days. Professor Natalie Long was determined, yes, but also sensitive to the feelings and desires of others."
She winced. "That's not fair. I'm human."
"And I am not."
She reached out. "That's not true!"
"Then why would you think I am not capable of also changing my decision?"
"Then why won't you?"
"I have explained the 'why'! Natalie, why must I continue to clarify what I know you understand? It is challenge enough being by your side when your breath smells of honey and your hair of flowers--must you also tear at each lash which restrains my desire?"
Natalie lowered her gaze, cheeks burning with delight and shame.
"You crave instant gratification, this I understand, but--"He stepped forward, lifting her chin until her gaze met his. "Natalie, you are the first to show a love for my darkness and light, but I refuse to share your innocence with the creature who lurks inside. It would taint the sharing of our intimacy and create regret. If you are able to cure this blackness . . . Can you not understand?"
A tear trailed down her cheek. "I . . . ." Natalie pulled his hand from her chin. "I am so tired of being the responsible professor, Vincent. I want to be reckless and passionate. I don't want to be told to 'run along' and then do it."
"You are passionate." His hands gripped her arms to give her a shake. "You are reckless. What else is responsible for your tenacity in searching me out and then falling in love with what you found? Do not change any aspect of who you are, Natalie. That is what I love."
Natalie blinked. "Wh--What did you say?"
"I said that I love you as you are. I love your innocence, your passion, and your tendency toward absentmindedness when engrossed in a project. I love your eyes and the brightness of intensity that is always there." He stepped closer, caressing her cheeks with his thumbs. "I love your blushes. Your temper. I love the way you swear when angry or distressed. I love you, Natalie, and that is why I wish to wait. Please understand."
She gazed up at him with wide eyes. "Please. Say it again."
"I love you."
"Again."
Vincent pulled her close, taking in a deep breath of her hair. "I love you."
"I . . . ." Natalie tightened her arms around him, wiping her cheeks against the silky softness of his shirt. "I am sorry I lost my temper. I got so frustrated Of course, you know all that. You just deal with it better than I do."
"Only because I have suffered too many years of self-restraint." His grip tightened around her. "I could stay like this until the seasons changed, Natalie. Like this, in your arms, feeling your heat so close against mine--it is a challenge to keep from taking you, making you solely mine. But then I remind myself of the future you desire for me, the one I crave for myself. I will not settle for less than that. Not yet."
"I love you no matter what, Vincent, and sometimes I think you forget."
"I do not. That is what strengths my decision to wait."
Natalie buried her face in his shirt, filling her lungs with his musk. "This is what I needed, Vincent. Just this." Vincent pressed his cheek against the top of her head. "Can we stay like this for a while? Just like this."
"Yes. Yes, we can."
XV
THE WAITING 

Natalie stretched and pushed the textbook aside. Vincent looked up from the book he read--a history of the Cetra Natalie published years ago--to send her a quizzical glance. She smiled. "It is fascinating, the human body. Simply amazing how it all works together."
"Are you finished?"
"Yeah. I quizzed myself several times and scored 100%." She rested her arms on the table, stretching out to take his hand in hers. "It isn't the same as medical school, but it is all I can do at the moment."
"It will be enough."
"I hope so." She gave his hand another squeeze before releasing it to stand. Late-morning risers began to fill the Item Shop, and Natalie could feel the eagerness begin to tug at her. "Let's go. I should start while all this information is fresh."
Vincent stood to follow, falling into step beside her as they made their way to the mansion. For the last three days she studied harder than she ever remembered in her life. After all, his cure depended on her success. No. No, it felt a greater weight than simply his 'cure'. His existence. Their happiness. Futures. They all rested within her trembling fingers.
Vincent's step slowed and halted at the open door of his one-time sanctuary. His gaze fell on the scarred, black-lacquered coffin within. "Did I ever rest there?"
Natalie stared at the coffin, the surging rage at all stood for leaving her shaken and trembling. "Yes, you did. For a very long time." And those memories of her sometimes frantic search propelled her through the door. Vincent followed, standing beside her as she stared at the black coffin.
"There. Right there is where I first saw you," she told him, voice tender with the hint of tears. "This is where I first came to the realization I would do this no matter what. No matter how long it took to convince you to come out, I would cure you."
Natalie stepped close to the box, her gaze tracing each line and scar. "I grew to hate this thing. Hated everything it stood for. How it meant you had been thrown away, as if you didn't mean anything to anyone. Hated how it meant you were dead in the eyes of all who knew you. It kept you away from me, and away from the life I wanted to give you." Her voice cracked, a single tear burning its escape from her eye. She lowered her chin and squeezed her eyes shut against the onslaught.
"Natalie." Vincent rested a hand on her shoulder. "Natalie, do not hold this hatred so close."
Her breath sounded ragged as she nodded and turned away. "I know. I--Looking back doesn't help anyone. It doesn't prove anything. Doesn't make it go away, though I sometimes wish . . . ." She shook her head. "No, it's just--" Vincent stepped forward to embrace her. Natalie gave a choked sob. "I hurt, Vincent. I hurt for you every time I think about what you have seen and done. About what they did to you, tearing your soul apart bit by bit. It's like my entire insides twist inside out and then do it all over again . . . ."
Vincent smoothed her curls.
Natalie pushed away, eyes flashing as she struck out at the coffin with a steel-toed boot. "You lost! Do you hear? You can't torture him anymore! " She kicked it again, the box collapsing with cracks and splintered shards. Vincent tried to pull her away but she shook loose, reaching inside to grab fistfuls of the worn satin. She yanked back with all her strength--the rich purple material gave way, the horrid ripping sound shuddering Natalie's actions to a halt. She stared down at the shredded material pieces dangling from her fingers. She thrust them away from her.
Vincent gently pulled her to her feet and away from the coffin. "Natalie."
"I . . . I'm sorry." She gulped, covering her face with cold hands. "I don't know what . . . ." She shook her head. "I'm sorry."
Vincent guided her from the room to the opposite wall, taking her hands in his as he watched her pale face, expression stricken. "Natalie, are you all right?"
"I don't know what happened, Vincent. I . . . I was just so angry. I couldn't think of anything but--" She shuddered. How easily she could have lost herself to that rage--
"Perhaps you should rest, Natalie."
"No." She shoved back, meeting his gaze. It glowed with concern. "No, Vincent. The time in the lab will help. It always has. Focusing on you and your cure? Yes, that will help."
"I have waited this long," Vincent pressed. "A day more will not matter one way or the other."
"No. Your entire life--and mine--is balanced on the edge of a chasm, Vincent, and I am tired of staring down into the darkness. The cure waits just down that hall, and I refuse to allow the memories festering in this mansion and basement laboratory keep me from it. Hojo is not going to keep me from giving you what you want--I am going to cure you!"
"Natalie--"
She grabbed his arms to give him a shake. "No! I had a moment of weakness. That is all. I've had them before. So have you. I can deal with it. As long as there is a chance, I am moving forward. I have studied and researched and hypothesized and theorized until I can't fit another figure in my head. All that is left is stepping down that hall to the hope. Don't tell me to stop, Vincent, because I won't!"
Vincent drew her tight against him, his breath a caress of warmth and passion against her neck.
Natalie released a choked breath. "I won't." She wanted to stand with him against his dark history, together. How else could he continue forward? How could she? He wanted wholeness, and that possibility laid was within her grasp.
He stroked her hair and then stepped back, his gaze carefully averted to the beckoning door of the basement laboratory. All their hopes were there. There was nothing remaining but a step forward. Natalie released a slow breath as she took his hand and closed the gap to their future.
This is what I do, she reminded. Science. Results. It was her identity. Her strength. One she could offer to him. They paused at the laboratory's entrance.
"I see you were here recently," Vincent observed.
"Yes." Natalie smiled. "Twice, in fact."
"You had already decided today would be the day."
A simple statement "I hoped, though I refused to ingrain it in my head as a definite. All depended on the results of my quiz this morning."
"Yes, but how many times have you completed said quiz with such high results?"
Natalie flushed, double-checking the tools. "Oh, about a hundred or so. I lost count."
Vincent smiled. "I suspected as much."
"See? You were enjoying yourself as much as I was."
"I did not deny that fact."
Natalie gestured him to the table. "Come on. Let's get you ready."
Vincent eased himself up onto the bed and lay back, resting his claw on the side table as before. She dissembled the cool surface and then paused. Her gaze flickered to his shirt-sleeve and the insertion points hidden from view.
Natalie cleared her throat, tapping her forehead with a solitary finger. "Uh, Vincent, you will need to take off your shirt."
He sat up, lips twitching upward as he unbuttoned the black-silk shirt and handed it to her. "You have likely desired the same result for quite a while."
Natalie flushed as she set the shirt aside. "Don't start."
Natalie cleared her throat, struggling to keep her eyes from the defined musculature of his chest. Instead, she wrestled her attention to the claw and its insertion points. There was a metal guide which kept the tubing from being jostled, thereby reducing the risk of being accidentally--or purposefully--removed. When she tenderly investigated his skin just behind the metal guide, she could tell they were submerged an easy one- or two-inches into his arm. She would need to remove them via surgery without a doubt. The tubing, however, could be nothing more than a type of I.V., with removal being as simple as retracting the inserted needle. Whether the guides had a catch which needed to be released before they would easily retract was just one of many mysteries she would be required to probe and investigate.
Natalie straightened, cast Vincent a reassuring smile, and turned for the clamps that would interrupt the Jenova cells flowing into his body. She hesitated for a moment before leaning forward and clamping off the tubing. It cleared of fluid. "Now we wait."
"How long?"
She shrugged and sat on the bed, reaching out to brush the hair from his face. "To be honest, I have no way of knowing with any real certainty. Up to this point, I thought the Jenova cells were circulated semi-continuously, yet I have never seen the tubing empty. So, it could simply take a few minutes for a reaction. If it does only re-circulate every few hours, that is how long your body will take to react."
"Any idea what reaction to expect?"
"No." Another fact she would rather have known. Another way she felt as if she used Vincent for an experiment. "Prepare yourself for the worst, I suppose."
He took her hand and pulled her toward him, pressing her cheek against his chest. She closed her eyes, relishing the warmth of his smooth chest against her face. The stroke of his hand in her hair. The rhythm of his heart and breath.
"Natalie . . . I am tempted to ask you to leave. So you don't see the pain."
"I know." Her lips caressed his chest. "But I won't go. If there is pain, I want to be here with you. Please don't ask me to go."
Vincent released a deep breath. "Then we wait together."
*
With each passing minute and hour they fought against the elation at the apparent ease of Vincent's cure. The desire to hope that his pain could be ended so quickly was intense, but they pushed it away as each new hour approached. They couldn't be certain. Not yet. So, they waited.
They waited and saw the redness of Vincent's eyes decrease and vanish--his eyes were brown; the dark richness of the earth and just as compelling. They waited and saw the almost undead pallor of his skin fade, revealing a naturally dark complexion easily colored by the sun.
Natalie made constant notes on her ever-present spiral notepad. Nearly 10 hours had passed. Occasionally, the glove would voice complaint in the form of a high-pitched whine. Natalie assumed the circulation system protested its lack of outlet for the Jenova cells. They ignored the whine with ease and pleasure.
At the 11th hour, Natalie decided they both needed sleep.
She stood, picked up the cards from the makeshift table propped on top of his claw, and set them aside onto the table by the computer. Then she gave Vincent a kiss on the cheek. "I'm exhausted." She pulled her cot closer to his bed, positioning it so she could easily gauge any adverse reaction, and plumped up the pillow. "Some sleep would do both of us good. If you feel anything odd, just wake me. Promise?"
"I will. Good night, Natalie."
She lay back, smiling up at him as she met his luscious brown gaze. "I love your eyes the best," she yawned.
Her eyes drifted closed, breathing deepening to that of sleep and dreams. Vincent watched her for a long moment, his features relaxing into a smile that softened the brown of his gaze. His night vision had faded, so he found it challenging to clearly see her features in the shadows. But his heart pounded with this new reality to her. Human. Real. He saw her.
*
Natalie's eyes snapped opened. She rolled onto her back, ears straining as she blinked into the darkness. Something wasn't right. She heard it again: a ruffle. A shift. A groan--she bolted to her feet. "Vincent," she gasped.
He thrashed, his face and body phasing in and out of horrific and monstrous forms.
"Vincent," she soothed, "Vincent, listen to my voice. I need you to be still. I know it hurts, but I need to take the clamps off." He gripped the sides of the bed, meeting Natalie's gaze with wild-eyed terror. She rested a cool hand on the feverish skin of his arm. "I know. It will be fine. I am right here. Just be as still as possible so I can take the clamps off. Can you do that for me?"
Vincent closed his eyes, jaw muscle twitching wildly even as she heard the grind of his teeth. His body went rigid as he focused every ounce of strength on keeping still. A cascade of twitches tumbled across his chest as the phasing slowed. Natalie pinched her lower lip and then reached out to withdraw the clamps. Fluid rushed into his arm-Vincent growled, his back arched in agony.
"It burns, Natalie! It burns like acid!"
Panic choked her as she replaced the clamps. His hands didn't release their tight clasp on the side of the bed. After several moments, he was able to settle into the mattress, his breathing ragged. "Maybe that will help relieve the phasing." Her voice quivered. "Vincent, I am so sorry. I . . . I didn't know this would happen."
Vincent clenched his jaw tighter, his hand reaching to cover hers. "It is not your fault, Natalie. It made sense that removing the clamps would stop the pain. There was no way you could know my body would lose its tolerance and reject the chemical base so fast."
"I don't like how this feels," she whispered. She caressed his arm. "I feel as if this is an experiment, and I never wanted that to happen."
"I know, but do your best. It will be enough." Vincent flinched, the tension of his body confessing to the agony. Then a grotesque merging of at least three different faces shifted across his features. He moaned. "Do not leave me, Natalie," he whispered through clenched teeth.
"I won't. I'm right here." Natalie clutched at his hand, even as it expanded, phasing into so many horrific versions of the same extremity. "I will stay right here. I promise."
Natalie fought back the tears and desperation. If only she felt it safe to give him some drug to let him sleep. But at the risk of a chemical reaction? No. She simply could not do that to his already tortured body. It fed the rising helplessness. At each restrained moan, her heart broke. Her soul ached as yet another barrage of images twisted Vincent's body. It wasn't supposed to be this way. But even she knew it was a possibility, one that would make the end result all the more miraculous and appreciated.
"Talk."
Natalie's fearful gaze focused on Vincent's contorted face. "What?"
"Speak, Natalie. Reality fades and I do not want to be lost in the chaos." His hand clasped hers for a long moment as he choked back a groan. "Tell me a story."
She gulped the burning, fighting against the sobs and agony that threatened her sanity. Be calm, she ordered herself. "Of course. I will see if I can remember something I haven't told you already."
"Tell me how--" Vincent's voice broke with a roar of pain as his face fully took on the shape of Death Gigas. Blood trickled from the corners of his eyes, and he growled deep within his chest, his hand shifting to a large fist of gray.
Natalie tightened her grip upon the massive fingers and brought it to her lips. "I will tell you how I found your Turk picture." She took in a deep breath, willing herself to be his strength even as she grappled with the rising panic. It simply refused to be pushed completely away. She choked back a sob as Vincent's form shifted from gray monster to blue-furred beast. She stroked the paw, her only treatment to soothe his pain. Don't die. Please!
"Believe it or not," Natalie began softly, "while I still attended high school we were allowed on a field trip to this very mansion. I believe Shinra used it as a recruitment tactic, since only the Honor Students were invited to the trip. How better to show the glamorous side to the corporation in hopes the honor students would sign up straight out of school?"
The blue beast phased out again, leaving Vincent's sweat-glistening face, blood still tricking from his eyes. Natalie's hand tightened on his. "Hold on, Vincent. I am right here." She pressed his hand to her lips and caressed the sweat and blood from his cheek. Vincent imperceptibly nodded.
Her heart thudded, panic shaking her composure. She wrestled it under control, but just. "I had no idea about the basement laboratory's existence, and so I couldn't see a point to the trip. After all, we were science students. What did we care for the perks of being involved in the Shinra Hierarchy?" Natalie caressed the back of his hand with her thumb, willing him all the strength he needed. "Then Professor Hojo and Lucrecia met us. Most of us knew who they were before they even introduced themselves. I knew Hojo because of his involvement in Professor Gast's research of the Cetra--I wasn't interested in the genetic sciences at the time--and my teacher's stories of him, you, and Lucrecia."
Vincent loosened his death grip on her hand and the side of the bed. His breathing regulated.
She kissed his hand and leaned closer. "Rest, Vincent. Just rest. I will finish the story." Vincent inclined his head, and the action seemed to require every ounce of strength remaining. Vincent . . . . "So, once they introduced themselves and their accomplishments--which took quite a while--they led us around the mansion on a general tour. Being sixteen, it didn't take long for boredom to set in. I drifted from the group to do my own examination and perusal. Sixteen-year-olds have a tendency toward excessive curiosity."
Vincent's lips twitched with a smile.
"I found a room with a piano, a lovely arboretum, and lingered in the sun while surrendering to a few fantastical daydreams of midnight meetings and risky rendezvous. With you, of course." She caressed his cheek with the back of her fingers. A more natural color had returned to his cheeks.
"Then, much to my delight," Natalie continued quietly, "I found a small library with a little writing desk. It almost looked as if it were used as an office. When I sat at the desk the first thing I did was search the drawers and cubbies to see what type of person used it. Imagine my reaction when I found your picture tucked between two literature books. I . . . I was amazed. You were so handsome. So . . . real.
"I suppose I shouldn't have, but I kept it. I love that picture. In fact, I have always kept it close at hand--either as a bookmark or tucked away in a favorite bedside research book. On those cold nights when loneliness hit me hardest, I would dig out that picture and play out an entire rendezvous with you. Everything was always so crystal clear. Your reaction to each statement so true to form; the expression in your eyes when I told one of my infamous bad jokes, your smirk when I did something embarrassingly funny . . ."
Vincent opened his eyes. "Sixteen and in love with a mystery," he rasped, smiling.
"Shh. Don't talk. I will get you some water. I will only be a few steps away." And she didn't know if the assurance was meant for him or her. Especially with how difficult it was to release his hands.
Natalie hurried to the desk to retrieve the insulated jug of water kept in a small fridge. Once she returned, she helped him lift his head, guiding the straw into his mouth and holding it steady as he took long droughts of the chilled liquid. When he had enough, she helped him lay back. 
"Are you feeling any better?"
He inclined his head.
"Is there any pain?" She turned his arm, gauging the area with the guides and tube insertions. The skin just behind the guides was red and inflamed. Natalie pinched her lower lip. "I need to get some gel. It will only take a moment."
Natalie scurried to the table on the far wall near the X-ray machine, grabbing up the tube of local anesthetic found while organizing the lab. He took a firm hold of her arm the moment she returned to his side. "The phasing is coming?" He nodded. She fumbled with the cap and slathered the gel where the metal guides disappeared inside, and then tossed the tube aside. "Vincent, I think I need to use the claw's mechanism. Do you remember what I told you before?" He imperceptibly lifted his chin, eyes closed tight, breathing rapid and shallow. "I need to remove the tubes. Hold on while I look for the catch."
Vincent's grip tightened on her arm as she leaned in, eyes narrowed as she scrutinized each curve and angle of the metal guides. She probed them gently, feeling out each crevice, knob, and button in an attempt to find the release for the tubes. Every once and a while she saw a flicker of desperation on Vincent's face--the chaotic phasing edged ever closer. His eyes snapped open, meeting hers. Her stomach lurched.
"I know, Vincent. Hold on--Damn it!" Natalie turned for a bookcase, halted by Vincent's frantic clasp on her arm. His panic must have been mirror in her own eyes. "I know, but I need to see if I can find the diagram in one of Hojo's reports." She covered his hand with hers to give it a squeeze. "I will be right over there, watching."
Vincent lifted his chin and released his grip, watching her every move. Natalie pawed through drawers and file cabinets, rifling through manila folders and thumbing through dog-eared books, desperate in her search for the schematics--or even notes of the design--that could help him. Every twitch from Vincent's direction captured her attention, and then she was back into the files with renewed fervor.
"Argh!" Vincent's exclamation of agony brought her head up.
Natalie dropped the book and sprinted to his side, grasping his hand so tightly that his gaze met hers. "I'm here. Shh," she soothed. She stroked the sweat from his forehead and temples.
Vincent's grip tightened on hers, his eyes shut tight. Yet again, blood and sweat trickled from his skin. Natalie caressed the streaks away with the tips of her fingers, biting her lower lip to prevent the sobs.
"It isn't fair," she choked out. "I can't soothe any of your pain. I can't stop the phasing. I . . . I'm utterly powerless to help you through the toughest time in your life--" A sob broke. "Vincent, I am so scared. I want to give you something, but . . . oh god," she whispered. She pressed his hand against her lips. "I didn't know, Vincent. I am so sorry. I didn't know." She pressed his hand against her forehead and cheek. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry . . . ."
*
After what seemed endless hours, Vincent quieted and drifted to sleep. His breathing sounded ragged, labored, and his pallor didn't alleviate Natalie's suspicions he wouldn't survive the night. She put on a brave face for him, though, and didn't let the tears of mental and emotional exhaustion slip past. Once his breathing deepened in sleep, her search for the diagram began in earnest. For her there would be no rest until she eased his agony. Nothing else mattered. It was Vincent or nothing.
Natalie found the diagram for not only the release of the tubes from the metal guides, but also for the mechanism within the claw. So, shortly after Vincent drifted to his not-so-restful slumber, she guided his arm to a more manageable position to reach the catch. It took barely a moment for the tubing to slip free of his arm. Then she set the claw aside with a sob of relief, shifting her mind to the next project of studying the diagram of the mechanism within.
Natalie stared down at him, watching the flashes of pain and agony. "I wanted to protect you from this, Vincent," she whispered. "I wanted your cure to be painless. To be simple. To be . . . to be so many other things." Her fingers curled into the bed-sheet, the sobs choking off her voice. She wanted so many things for him, and with each passing minute it became a struggle to believe any of it remained possible. Natalie rested her forehead against the feverish skin of his chest. "Vincent . . . I am so sorry. I seem to cause you more pain than Hojo ever did."
But this path wasn't forced upon him, she reminded herself. They both knew the risks, and they both decided to face them: together.
Natalie choked back the cry and turned away, swiping furiously at the tears burning her cheeks. At her desk, she slumped into the chair, drawing close the claw and its diagram for study. Much to her numbed surprise, she found the device within the claw contained a portion of Jenova cells within a cylinder, manufacturing more of its own volition as needed. She retrieved Vincent's original DNA from the previously hidden storage facility within the lab, filled the container of the device, and reinserted it into the golden claw. Then she connected the device to the appropriate port of the computer, hacked the security system, and reprogrammed the device to introduce Vincent's original DNA on a regular and more frequent basis.
Once she double- and triple-checked her programming, she ran a simulation, modified the rate of introduction, and then programed a status monitor that would adjust the amount accordingly.
All took less than an hour.
Natalie released a deep breath and pushed from the computer, reassembled claw in hand. Vincent continued to sleep, breathing ragged and skin pale. As she sat beside him, she was simply too exhausted to feel anything but numbed determination as she reattached his claw, reinserted the tubing, and removed the clamps. As the liquid irritated the inflamed vessels within his arms, Vincent's waning strength barely allowed a brief moan.
"Everything is done, Vincent." She moved to his other side, gathering up his hand to apply a tender pressure. "Now we wait, again." His fingers tightened slightly upon hers, and a smile escaped the numbness. "I hope your dreams are nicer than what I have been doing to you. You deserve some relief."
She sat on the edge of the bed, watching his face. An expression of calm and comfort smoothed away the lines, and his breathing, though labored still, seemed to strengthen. "I'm still trying, Vincent. I'm still trying to make it go away. Just fight it with me. You can still do that, right? Don't give up. Remember what you said? You said that a future with me was better than death." Natalie laid down beside him, drawing him tight against her. "Please, Vincent. Please remember that. Please don't leave me alone."
XVI
A FINAL FAREWELL

Natalie stared down at the tombstone in numbed grief.
Here rests Vincent Valentine.
Comrade. Fellow Savior.
Lover of Life. Searcher of Peace.
Rest well.
It wasn't supposed to end this way . . . .
The thought drifted through her fogged mind as she placed the flower on the black tombstone. No, it wasn't supposed to have ended that way. In her ending he was cured. In her fantasy he took her in his arms and made her whole. A part of him. Forever bonded in a way that would never be shared with another soul. Her heart writhed in agony, and she lowered her gaze to the freshly turned soil separating her from her one and only love.
Natalie dropped to her knees, clutching at the earth with a soul-felt sob. "You weren't supposed to die, Vincent." She wanted to screech in rage and agony at the heavens, demand that he be returned to her . . . . But her voice could only manage a choked moan.
"Natalie? Why are you here?"
She hunched over, digging her fingers still deeper into the cool soil. The temptation to dig out his body nearly overwhelmed her. "I can't leave him alone. Not here. He needed to be loved. I needed to love him--Oh god, why didn't I just leave him alone? Why did I find him?" Her throat closed over the words, and her shoulders convulsed with burning tears.
"You gave him new life," the voice whispered in her ear. "You released his soul from torment and gave him peaceful rest. You gave him what no one else could offer. Love and serenity. Would you take it back?"
"Yes," Natalie rasped. "If it meant he continued to live, I would!"
"Then what of me? Dearest Natalie, don't you love me?" Hands from the mysterious voice grasped her arms and guided her gaze upward--Natalie gasped, her gaze swallowed by the dark, rich depths of Vincent--
--Natalie sat up with a groan, sliding from the bed as she covered her face with her hands. "A dream. It was a dream. It was only a dream," she mumbled over and over.
A dream that, again, seemed so real. Too real. It spoke volumes, revealing what she believed as a truth: she murdered one so the other could live. She put one to rest so she could live the remainder of her days in happiness with the one she loved more than anything. Natalie turned her head, her gaze falling to Vincent's still form. Her body followed. "And here you are." Tears clouded her vision as she stepped forward, leaning her hands against the bed and letting her head fall forward. The tears dripped to the sheet.
Waiting had never been such hell.
*
. . .The darkness pushed at Vincent with suffocating clarity. Beasts howled, and inhuman monsters groaned with anger, misery, and uncontrolled fury and vengeance. Leering at him. Accusing him of forgetting their power. Of taking what they gave him for granted. He pushed away from their scrabbling claws, scrambling backward.
"I never wanted you," his hissed "I never craved your power nor your presence." A claw dug into his arm and ripped at his sleeve. He jerked free, flinching as the talons tore into his flesh. "Your strength wanes, dark spirits. Your life force drains. Could it be that her lovely hands have bound you?"
They howled, and the red eyes glowing within the darkness faded to mere shadows. Whispers of inhumanity and callousness.
Vincent stood to his feet, pulling a sleek gun from a holster on his hip. "I bid thee farewell, Hojo. All your creations will vanish. All your power ceases to exist in this world I have chosen. In this life I share with a woman unrestricted by the desire for vengeance. Do you feel it? Do you taste the bitterness of defeat on your lips?"
He shot into the darkness and heard a wail of death. "You creatures of the night will receive no more shadows. No more feeding from the despair long harbored in my soul. I am free of you." Vincent laughed, firing into the night again and again.
A figure leaped from the gloom and tackled him, burying its teeth and claws into his flesh. Vincent pushed and beat at the thing with his gun and fists, but still it dug in. Biting back a growl of pain, he shoved the barrel of his gun under the thing's chin. Their eyes locked. Red and Brown. Vincent and Vincent.
"She wants me," it hissed. "You are weak. You are not enough to satisfy her hunger."
Vincent's eyes narrowed, and strength surged into his limbs. "She wants me, for she is the one who designed the cure from you."
The two grappled, dodging blows and causing bruises to form and blood to fall. Minutes faded to hours but still they fought, hurling insults and fists. Vincent detected a deterioration of strength in his hated alter-ego and seized the opportunity, kicking him back and scrambling to his feet.
Red eyes glared up at him and the barrel of his gun. "You cannot kill what you know yourself to be."
"I can kill what I detest, creation of Hojo. You." Red eyes widened and Vincent fired--blackness swallowed--pasts exploded outward--
--Vincent's eyes snapped open and gauged his surroundings. Another dream. But this, in Nibelheim outside Shinra mansion, ages before Sephiroth became twisted with his evil desire for godhood. He focused his attention on the solitary figure standing outside the gate of the Shinra Mansion and blinked. "Lucrecia."
Lucrecia faced him, expression sorrowful. "Vincent." She looked down, removing her glasses to self-consciously tuck them into the breast pocket of her white lab-coat. "You've been gone a long time."
"I know."
She once more met his gaze. "Why?"
Vincent heard a whisper on the breeze and glanced behind him. "I have a chance for a different life now," he told her. No one approached. He focused again on Lucrecia's pained expression. "A chance at a better one with a woman who loves what I am, what I was, and what I could be."
Her eyes darkened. "Do you love her?"
Vincent nodded, something within making him keep his distance from the shade of his past. "I do." Another whisper was heard, and he again focused behind him, eyes searching the horizon and the town.
"You once said you loved me," she accused softly.
"I did." He faced her, remembering another history that seemed so--distant. "That was another life. Another Vincent."
Lucrecia frowned. "Another Vincent? There is no other Vincent. There is you, and you said you loved me. What right does she have to take you away?"
Vincent watched her face for a long moment, waiting for any hint of the tenderness he once felt. It didn't come. "As you made your decision to be with Hojo, I have made my decision to be with her."
"Because she gave you what you wanted," she retorted. "She's manipulating you!"
"No," Vincent pressed, "because I love her."
Lucrecia's face twisted with misery.
"I love her, Lucrecia," he said again. "I want to dream of her. I want her to bear my children. I want to share her agonies and successes. I want to grow old and die . . . with her." He shook his head, and the whisper caressed his brain. "You cannot stay here. There is no longer any place for you in my dreams."
Her chin tilted upward. "I don't believe you."
"Lucrecia." Vincent stepped forward to rest a hand on her shoulder. He met her gaze. "Lucy, rest. Sleep. Remember the good times, as I will, and let yourself fade to a pleasant memory."
"Vincent . . . Vincent, please . . . ."
He dropped his hand from her shoulder and turned away, allowing the whisper to draw him toward the voice.
He heard a sigh behind him and the breath of a kiss on his cheek. "Good-bye, Vincent. My Turk."
"Good-bye, Lucrecia."--
--Vincent bolted upright. "Natalie!"
And then her remembered warmth and fragrance was in his arms, surrounding him. "Vincent--thank god--I thought you were dying. Vincent. Oh, Vincent . . . ." She continued to sob his name even as she kissed his mouth and face. 
Vincent pulled her tight against him, relishing the luscious warmth of her body against him, the sweet taste of her lips on his, the heavenly sparks of her hands in his hair, and the blessed freedom of silence in his mind.
XVII
NEW BEGINNINGS
Two Years Later

The woman with the long red curls smiled down at her swollen abdomen, caressing it just as there came a vicious kick. "Vincent. One of them is kicking again. Hurry."
Vincent Valentine, husband and soon-to-be father of twins, knelt down to spread his hands wide across her belly. There was another kick, and he smiled up at her. "This one will be strong."
"Or just stubborn," Natalie Valentine laughed down at him as he kissed her belly. "I can't wait to find out."
"You promised not to deliver until after the reactor was activated. Remember?"
Natalie's eyes twinkled with a mischievous smile as she once again began stirring the stew bubbling a content rhythm on the stove. "I know, but when they want out there will be little I can say about it." Vincent massaged her shoulders. Natalie moaned and closed her eyes. "I will give you about a hundred years to stop that."
Vincent chuckled and pulled her closer against him, his hands caressing her bulging middle. "Have you ever been to Midgar?"
"Not since high school. I didn't like it. Not enough history." Natalie sighed and pulled away to turn off the heat of the stove. "It will be interesting to see what Barret and the others have accomplished. Cid said the geothermal reactors are his latest feat of genius."
"Genius that he wouldn't have thought of without your help on the design."
Natalie chuckled. "I don't mind." She turned to hand him the bowls and silverware. Then she caressed his cheek. "I have all I need right here."
Vincent's eyes twinkled with his smile as he brought her palm to his lips. Then he turned for the table and set out the bowls and silverware before turning to the cupboard for the glasses. "Can you believe it has been two years?"
"No. No, I can't. It seems like just yesterday. Yet here I am, married, owner and dean of the Valentine School for Gifted Children--formerly known as Shinra Mansion--doing research on the further rehabilitation of the planet in the basement laboratory that housed so many evil research projects before, and about to give birth to twins." Natalie released a deep breath as she handed Vincent the hot pads to move the stew from the stove to the hot plate on the table. "Life couldn't get better."
"It will if they are both boys."
Natalie laughed. "You and your dream of an all boy family. Can't I have at least one little girl?"
Vincent swept the curls from the delicate curve of her neck and nibbled. "I don't wish you to be jealous of a daughter quite yet."
"You silly man." Natalie caressed his cheek. "Come on, Vincent. Eat your stew. We need to leave early in the morning if we're going to make Midgar before dark."
*
"Vincent! Natalie! You made it!"
The couple turned toward the voice to see Red bounding toward them.
Natalie smiled, waving. "Hello, Red. It seems like forever." Red rubbed himself against her legs, his purr rumbling through her. Then he sat, wrapping his tail around his forepaws as usual. "Thank you so much for speaking last month," Natalie told him. "The children had so much fun listening to your stories. And the pictures were a spectacular touch."
Red's tail twitched with embarrassment. "It was my pleasure. I hope you ask me to speak again."
"Oh, I will. Most definitely."
Red looked to Vincent and smiled. "Marriage has agreed with you, Vincent. Fatherhood will as well, I suspect."
Vincent squeezed Natalie's hand. "I have no doubt."
"How are the twins?"
"Exuberant," Natalie laughed.
"Eager to be out, more than likely." Red stood and gestured for them to follow. "I will give you a brief tour."
Natalie's grip on Vincent's hand tightened, and she sent him a radiant smile. "I can hardly wait to see the geothermal reactor! To see how Cid finally decided to set it up. He had a lot of great ideas, but the conversion rate on a couple of them wouldn't maximize the energy output. I really hope he chose the one that did the best all the way around. Imagine how many settlements can utilize the power that's under this huge city if it's converted to its maximum capacity!"
A smile caressed his lips upward as he watched her animated expressions, the light dancing in her eyes. "I doubt that was to be Red's first stop, Professor."
"On the contrary," Red put in with a smile toward the couple. "I knew Professor Long would be the most interested in Cid's project, especially since she had a great hand in its final design."
Natalie looked at Red in surprise. "Pardon?"
"Cid was very clear on the matter of who should receive the credit for the reactor."
Natalie flushed, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear. "My goodness. I don't know what to say."
"I'm sure something will come to you when we meet Cid and the others at the reactor. They're planning the possibility of synchronizing a second and third."
"Goodness gracious!"
"They're hoping you will be convinced to stay and help," Red added.
"Of course I'll stay. It's a good thing I brought my bag . . . ." Natalie's voice drifted as her mind began to process and envision the answers to the challenge posed.
Vincent smiled over at her. Her bright green eyes took in each aspect of the scenery as they made their way through Midgar: its importance to the city's smooth operation, its role in the city's history, and the indeterminate amount of possibilities into making it run better. That was how her mind worked. It planned. It organized. It envisioned. It created. It never ceased to amaze him. A slight flush rose to her cheeks, sparkling in her eyes and clearly telling of her excitement at discovering the feasibility of the possibilities she already envisioned. It also belied her eagerness at the opportunity to discuss her ideas with Cid.
Natalie's brilliance enraptured Vincent.
"As you can see," Red was telling her, "Barret and I decided the best way to encourage growth was to tear down the walls. We didn't like the idea of 'sectors,' believing it contributed to the people's feeling of separation from one another. We wanted to encourage a feeling of community."
"Of course!" Natalie exclaimed. "It makes perfect sense. What did you do about the original names of the initial settlements? Are you going to give the people the opportunity of reinstating those?"
"Undoubtedly," Red said with a nod. "The name 'Midgar' has so many bad memories of oppression that Barret and I are almost positive the people will choose the original names. It will be an opportunity to invite back the previous times of peace. An opportunity to come full circle and embrace simpler times."
Natalie enthusiastically nodded, focusing bright eyes on Vincent. Her cheeks were still flushed with excitement. "Vincent, I think I should look into the possibility of starting an Academy here as well. Don't you think?"
Vincent smiled and brought her hand to his lips. "I do."
She kissed his cheek before refocusing her attention to Red, continuing their discussion of Midgar's rebirth and the possibilities that meant for not only the people, but also the children not yet born. Vincent drank in her expressions, relishing the warmth her nearness sparked within his soul.
The days after his rebirth passed quick and painless. Natalie never left his side, determined to monitor his every bodily function until she felt certain the danger had passed. Then, exactly two weeks after her initial experimental cure first began, they married.
Vincent still remembered the night before the ceremony with crystal clarity. He and Natalie decided to stay apart that day. Many reasons had led up to the decision, the most prominent being their common desire to experience anticipation at the sight of one another at the ceremony. Natalie used the day to contact her family and repair bridges long since thought forever lost. Vincent, however, used the time to instigate a closure he never before felt.
Quite early in the morning of their voluntary separation, Vincent made his way from Cloud's house to the basement crypt. He must have stared at the black sarcophagus for hours, wondering at the sanity of his decision to be there in order to remember and relive his memories of a past he had come to hate. But a deeper part of him understood that to truly have the life he wanted with Natalie, he needed to put them to a final rest. He needed to bury them alongside the creation of Hojo.
Regret had passed with their release, and his mind had finally felt utterly free of its last torment. His heart released of its final doubt. A door had been shut, but another had opened, freeing his soul to love the woman who sacrificed everything for his freedom.
Now, Vincent caressed a wispy curl from her temple, and a kiss. "I love you," he whispered.
She turned toward him, lips curved with a smile that burned within emerald eyes. She stroked his cheek. "I know."
Vincent's eyes twinkled, tenderly twirling the wedding band on her finger. "Will you marry me?"
She drew herself closer, guiding his arms around her, and his hands to the small of her back. "Yes."
He nuzzled her neck, pressing her swollen belly tighter against him. One of the twins kicked and he chuckled. "When, Natalie? I have waited so long . . . . When?"
"Today. Tomorrow. I am yours already." Natalie rested her cheek against his chest. "Next week. Next year . . . I have waited this long for you, and I can wait a little longer."
Vincent released a long breath and pressed his lips against the crown of her head. "Dearest Natalie. My professor."
Her arms tightened around him, and then she pulled back, lifting her hands to hold his face. Her green eyes glimmered as she held his gaze. "Vincent," her voice a caress, "My darling, sweet, intense Vincent. Red eyes or brown. Golden claw or warmth of hand . . . . " She brushed her lips against his. "They are all Vincent to me. Please never forget that."
He drew her close, his lips responding to the inviting taste of her kiss. Just as they had two years ago. Just as they had each day since he first experienced her--as Vincent Valentine. A man. A lover. A husband.
After another long drink of her intensity and passion, he lifted his head to lightly stroke her lips with a finger. Her green eyes shone. "I won't, Professor. How can I forget what has become a part of me?"
Natalie entwined her fingers behind his neck and caressed his soul with her smile.
The End

Reviews are golden! Consider leaving a review.

About the Author | Nona Mae King
Writing has been my passion since I was a child when I began creating skits and songs.  My life would be empty without this call. There would be no purpose. No ending to guide my daily struggle. No story toward which to strive. Each day something beckons, and that--I know--is the waiting tale. One last happy ending.

Connect with Me Online:
Twitter:  http://twitter.com/writersprite
Facebook:  http://facebook.com/NonaKing
My site: http://angelbreathbooks.com
My blog: http://wordobsession.net

APPENDICES
VINCENT VALENTINE
ID NO.: SHINRA/79013342
PROJECT LEADER: Professor Hojo, PhD, M.D., Shinra Lab. Corp.
PROJECT NO.: SHIN.GENE.SCI.nib124610

Personal Information:
Age: 27
Birthdate: October 13th
Height: 6'0
Weight: 175
Blood Type: A
Occupation: Member of Turks Organization
Specific Job: sharpshooter/gunman
Current Location/Whereabouts: Nibelheim

EXPERIMENT LOG/SUBJECT PROGRESS:
ENTRY 1: Project began on date XX/XX/XX, with the physical incapacitation of the subject after he had expressed interest in halting my other human-based projects, namely, the Jenova Project at Nibelheim. He had moral objections to my sciences, and to my personal life, and I had some objections to the way he tended to get too nosy with my business. A curious member of the Turks was a far too dangerous person to have wandering about, so I decided that he would make an excellent volunteer for my studies.

He was a white male of six feet, zero inches in height, black hair and brown eyes. Physically, he was not as strong as some of my previous subjects, but he appeared to make up for that flaw with higher than average intelligence. The project would also make up for his poor physical stamina. He was brought as close to full clinical brain-death as we can possibly revive someone from, for the commencement of testing. Heart rate was slowed to zero beats per min, ocular reaction time: 18.02 min/sec, temp. 43.F, cerebral alpha wave production ceased twice, beta wave production, once. Destruction of the brain cells through anoxia was surprisingly, not noted throughout the ordeal. Testing will begin now.

ENTRY 2: Subject physically appears to be completely stable. His body is slowly undergoing the fantastic xenogenic transformations that I have before noted with heavy use of exobiological genetic splicing. His left arm, from the joint of the elbow to the phalanges, is almost been rendered completely useless [corrupted data] erhaps not. Mentally, he seems to be facing the same effects as some of the other subjects. Temporary bouts of schizoid, manic/depressive, and paranoiac behavior is rather marked in him. He is responding very poorly to treatments of thorazine and cephaloxin, quite often because he believes that the drugs are making him appear more ill. He is quite vocal now at the time of this entry, which is telling me, that it is time for more tranquilizers. (For the both of us.)

ENTRY 3: Subject's health is failing rapidly duenous infection that has centralit arm. A large amount of seeping yellow lymph from the arm's survitissund leaking through various exposed wounds is indicating a far higher than normal white blood cell count, which can only have one of three explanations - 1. Nodal lymphoma, 2. High immunological response to the gene therapy, or 3. Perhaps he has developed a new form of leukemia, the likes of which I have seen elsewhere only in rare cases with canid mammals. If it is proven to be cancerous, then the subject will be terminated shortly thereafter. But in the meantime, it appears that I will be forced to limb. This is actually advantageous, as I have just recently learned that a recently deceased colleague of mine had just completed a new type ..ial arm. I would like to be the first one to test its effectiveness.

ENTRY 4: Tomplete success, and the gangrenous infection is now gone. The new arm is working nicely, and it's overall 'claw' shape has given me a new idea with which to take this project. The subject's body is doing well, and even though I cannot find the cause of the increased white blood cell count, it does not seem to be negatively affecting the project. The subject is far more vicious now than ever before, and quite often I have to restrain him with cattle ties and nylon straps. It would appear that the genetic enhancements are working well, as he now can easily overpower two men. I am exchanging the anti-psychotic thorazine with a much stronger drug, the veterinary anesthetic diazepam. I am familiar with the veterinary uses of this drug, but as noted before, I typically do not use anesthetics in my experiments, as the subjects to not appear to be affected by them. But when they are delivered in very high doses, the subjects can be temporarily weakened and quieted by these drugs. An interesting side effect of the gene therapy. 

ENTRY 5: I have become quite inventive with my recent work on the former Mr. Valentine. I have been experimenting with the various genes that control the color of his irises. I had attempted to engineer them to change color in the light, making in effect, a reflecting surface that resembled a compact disks' surface. But his eyes' genes were uncooperative, and instead I simply abandoned the experiment temporarily, and have left his irises colorless, and red, in case I ever choose to return to that project. In addition to that, the only genes that appear to have fully taken was the genes of the extinct Galian Beast creature. His transformational abilities are limited, at best, but can be quite entertaining when things get too quiet down here. His hair is much longer now, and he is far more solemn and depressed than before. I think that he has finally come to the realization that my experiment is not a temporary thing, and that he will never be able to be free again. His mental clarity is surprisingly sharp, and I believe now that his memories are the only things keeping him from going completely mad. But even they cannot change the fact that he is no longer fully human. He is a creation, created through the processes of my science. He is now a manufactured 'monster', which is more correctly known as a 'teratogen'. One of my assistants even thinks that when he is unconscious, he resembles the brooding vampires of popular horror legends. I think that I will make further attempts to make him look more like this.

ENTRY 6: He is truly freakish now. I have entered far more genes into him than before because he seemed to be doing so well with the previous therapies. The genes of several creatures are now his. I chose the ugliest creatures that I could, because I am keeping with a 'monster' theme with him. I have left his genes open for further entries and changes with his DNA coding, in case I come up with something new to add to his collection of forms and abilities. But even through all of this, I have become bored with him. His genes, his eyes, his twisted body . . . all of him. I have several new projects going on now, one of which is my life's greatest work, that of the Jenova Project on my new son. He is showing far more promise then any of us could have hoped for, and I will strive for that perfection with him. I am finalizing the test data for this project, so I can focus my creative energies on Jenova and my son. I believe that Mr. Valentine is finally a broken man, as he no longer speaks to anyone, and the Turks have long since stopped looking for him. In his most recent physical form, he is almost completely unrecognizable as the normal human man that he was before. He does not eat or drink much of anything now, and he sleeps almost continuously. He even now sleeps through the bone marrow genetic testing sequences, which I can imagine, are extremely painful. He appears to have one desire now, and that is to sleep as much as he can. I will grant him this final wish.
FINAL ENTRY: I must destroy all opposition to my work, even that one from the Turks. I have put him to sleep in the basement of this mansion. If you wish to find him, than you must play my little game. Hidden in this mansion are the clues that will unlock the safe on the second floor. Ah, but who will want to rescue a freakish monster?! (Rest in peace, Mr. Valentine.) 

- Professor Hojo, PhD, M.D., Shinra Lab. Corp. (By: Shokoku Phoenix)
VINCENT VALENTINE
ID NO.: SHINRA/79013342
MISSING IN ACTION
JOB: Gunman/Sharpshooter of the Turks
AGE: 27
WEAPON: Gun
HEIGHT: 6' 0"
WEIGHT: 175
BIRTHDATE: October 13th
BIRTHPLACE: Midgar (?)
BLOOD TYPE: A
BASIC PHYSICAL FEATURES: Medium frame; thin, tall white male with straight black hair and brown eyes

PERTINENT HISTORY:
Vincent Valentine became a member of the Turks at age 23, just 5 years he moved out of after his father died. (His mother passed away at age 4.) He previously had attended a higher university (school name unknown), where he majored in the literary arts. There, he was known as being a loner who showed great skill as a member of both of the school's archery and trapshooting teams. These abilities caught the attention of the Turks' recruiting team, who then convinced Vincent that he would make an excellent Turk. He soon became known as one of Shinra's finest marksmen, and was known for being able to work just as effectively alone as with a team. His high intelligence was also considered to be an asset to the Turks, as was his unemotional attitude towards his work as a trained assassin. Vincent performed some of the dirtier jobs of the Turks and took many odd assignments to foreign places, where he seemed to be the happiest.

It was during one of those distant assignments, that Vincent disappeared. He was assigned to serve as the bodyguard to both Professors Gast and Hojo, during the duration of their experiments (the Jenova Project) in Nibelheim. It was during this time, that he disappeared suddenly. The day he was last seen, (as reported by a Shinra Guard, name unknown) it is said that he was seen insistently following one of Professor Gast's assistants (first name Lucrecia, last name unknown) around town. He was said to have tears running down his face, with a distressed look on his face. After several lengthy investigations by both Shinra and the Turks, no trace of Vincent's body was ever recovered, and is still assumed to be missing in action. Although many rumors about a suspected love triangle between Vincent, Lucrecia, and a jealous Professor Hojo (who, in most versions of the rumor, is said to have either used Vincent as a part of his experiments or killed him and hid his body) have surfaced, none of them have proved to be true. (Hojo was later questioned, but he claimed to know nothing about Vincent's sudden disappearance.)
NOTE: New rumors have surfaced recently, rumors that place Vincent alive today, almost 30 years later, despite some physical changes due to genetic experimentation by Professor Hojo. It is said that a man fitting Vincent's description has been seen in the rebel group, AVALANCHE.

(By: Shokoku Phoenix)

