MURPHYS HEIST
David Chilcott
Chilcott, David
Murphy's Heist

2014, David Chilcott

First edition
Published at Smashwords.com

Cover design by ebookcovers4u.wordpress.com

(License notes) ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher.

Also by David Chilcott: Cruise the Storm (2014)
MURPHY'S HEIST
CHAPTER ONE
Bobby Bell had chosen the China Sichuan restaurant, now moved to Ballymoss Road in Dublin, a lovely light and airy restaurant. Bobby phoned Kevin Hui, and asked if he could have a table for two adjacent to the large plate glass window. If you are going to eat in one of the best restaurants, may as well be seen. It was easily arranged. Bobby was looking forward to hearing what Murphy was going to tell him. The old crook was bound to be brimming with moneymaking ideas.

The restaurant was buzzing as usual when Bobby arrived a few minutes early, and sat at the table with a gin and tonic, checking how many Dubliners he knew by sight. Not as many as he expected. Did that mean there was a new in-place that nobody had told him about?
He saw Murphy being led across to his table now, by a waiter he did know. Bobby was surprised how much Murphy had aged, if he didnt know he was sixty, he would have put him at seventy-five.
Bobby stood up, put out his hand. Welcome to Dublin, Eamonn, he said.
Murphy smiled, his false teeth flashing in the restaurant lights.
Bobby said, Sit down, sit down. This is the best restaurant in Dublin, you know.
As long as they serve a rare sirloin steak, that will be fine, said Murphy as he lowered himself into the seat.
Bobby flinched. The same old Eamonn, as rough as a badgers arse. The waiter asked Murphy if he would like a drink.
A pint of mild, please
It must be a fair while since you were in Dublin, said Bobby, his eyes on the door watching guests entering.
Aye, all of twenty years, at least.
You would be surprised how the citys changed, even in the last ten years.
I could tell riding down in the taxi from the airport, said Murphy. I hear youre the big businessman nowadays.
Well the recession has been really bad in the Eurozone. Everybody is suffering. You are living in England? How come?
My wifes English. When the troubles were over, my job sort of finished, you might say. So we went to live in Cheshire, not far from Manchester. But moneys getting tight, which really is the reason Im here to see you. And my wifes ill, which is going to get expensive. Alzheimers it is.
Im so sorry, said Bobby, for something to say, turning back to look at Murphy.
The waiter returned with Murphys beer, and the menus.
Murphy took a swig of his drink. I met Jimmy Nolan, about a year ago. Do you remember him? He was at school with us, thin and quite tall. When he left school, it was because his Dad got a job in England. Liverpool, I think. It was when we were about fourteen.
Cant say I remember, Eamon. Youre talking, what, forty, fifty years ago, for Gods sake. But carry on.
Murphy took another sip of beer. Well, young Jimmy went off in a different direction, so to speak, joined the Cheshire police force when he was twenty-five. Now hes an inspector, and coming up for retirement. We had a few nights out in the local pub, and like, hes telling me that hes just divorced, how his wife took half his pay, and half his pension, if you can believe him. Hes kissed the blarney stone, I reckon. Anyway, he knows Im not exactly white as white, should think hes looked up my record. Id been mixing with the wrong sort in Manchester, now theres a city of crime. Used to be Liverpool, maybe still is. So, one night when Jimmy had a few too many, he tells me that there is a bullion company shipping platinum, by air, out of Manchester Airport. Because of the insurance, they have to have police in attendance when the courier van picks up from the warehouse. He reckons the value of each consignment is worth twelve million pounds sterling, maybe more.
Platinum, eh? Did he say what you can do with it, apart from make jewellery? asked Bobby
Yes, these people are supplying car manufacturers in the USA, its used in exhaust systems. Some in every car, apparently. Of course, I could nick a batch, thats the easy part, well, not too hard. But then youve got to move it on.
And you think I might be able to do that? I dont need to tell you, Eamonn, twelve million quid retail wont fence for much. Maybe four. And Id need a slice, and I bet your Jimmy would.
Well, I thought since you had a Russian connection, I have been following your career. It was well known in the IRA, that any Russian equipment was coming through you.
I wouldnt admit it. But it was a long time ago, what ten years nearly, since decommissioning, when the IRA stopped arming themselves, and destroyed their weapons. Maybe the same people are no longer in charge of the gang I knew.
It would be worth finding out. I reckon its only them, or maybe the American mobs, who could handle something like this. But if you cant fence it, I wont even take it any further. Theres other pickings over the water, just harder work, and Im an old man now.
They continued talking whilst they ate, Murphy staying away from what he called foreign stuff. He said he enjoyed his steak, and ate all of it. Afterwards he had an orange.
Bobby ordered a couple of brandies. They were drinking them, still talking when a shadow loomed over the table.
Murphy, stand up. It was a big red-faced overweight man maybe six feet tall or so. Murphy got to his feet, and then without any warning the big man slammed his fist into Murphys face. Fortunately for Murphy, some of the force was lessened as Murphy fell backwards, tripped over his chair, and ended sprawled on his back on the restaurant floor, blood trickling from his nose.
Thats for blowing my building up in Belfast said the man, rubbing his fist, and turning to make his way back to his table.
The restaurant fell silent, a hundred pair of eyes on Bobbys table. Bobby went over to Murphy, said Here, Ill lift you up, take this handkerchief. He pulled it from his top pocket. By now two waiters were rushing over. By the time they arrived, Murphy was on his feet, swaying slightly, and supported by Bobby. Kevin came over. Im sorry about this, I have a side room over here. He led the way, waiters and Bobby in attendance with Murphy now being supported on all sides, walking away from the crowded main floor, Kevin opened a door, ushered them in, switched on the lights. It was a small private dining room for ten guests, one large table, with chairs round it. Two upholstered chairs, one in each corner. Kevin guided Murphy to one of these, sat him down, told one of the waiters to fetch a glass of water, and the other one to get back to his duties.
Murphy was looking better now, and smiled Bobby, now you see why I dont live in Belfast.
Kevin said Gentlemen I apologise for this attack which has taken place on my premises. Please stay here until you are ready to go home. I will settle the bill myself.
CHAPTER TWO
John McBride stood in the centre of the room. There were paintings on all the gallery walls, and on a couple of floor standing screens as well.
He wore a dark grey suit, white shirt, no tie. Concession to show he was an artist, not a banker.
The gallery was quiet, and smelled slightly of lemon air freshener. An old couple shuffled slowly along, looking at the paintings, one by one. A smart middle-aged woman sat at a desk in the corner behind a neat pile of catalogues, an open ledger, credit card reader and a laptop. She was occupied with the computer. Playing solitaire, McBride knew: hed looked. The swing door from the street banged back. A stocky man bustled in, shaved head, square face, wide shoulders. He looked about him, as if hed entered the wrong room, glanced at McBride, then at the paintings. On the far wall opposite the door were four watercolours McBride had completed only last week. They belonged to the Gallery owner. Not for sale: NFS it said in the catalogue. It was pointless showing them, in McBrides opinion. The space could have been used for something that would sell, and earn him money.
The thickset man seemed to notice the local paintings, strode over and studied them for a few moments. He said to the woman at the desk, I want that painting, can I take it with me? He pointed.
Thats not for sale, Im sorry sir
McBride drifted over. Its already been sold. It was commissioned. If you like the view, I could produce a similar painting as a commission for you.
Its that one I want. Ill pay you more than the other guy. To make his point he reached into his back pocket, his hand coming out with a thick wad of twenties.
Im sorry sir, we cant do that, the woman said.
The man looked at her, his mouth a tight line, then he spun on his heel and was gone, the door clattering back and forward behind him.
The woman looked at McBride, her eyebrows raised and a smirk on her face. He returned to the middle of the room, looked at his watch. Three hours before the gallery closed. He could leave now, he wasnt committed to stay, but Ian Smith, might look in last
thing, see if hed made any more commission. His breath would smell slightly of whisky and he would breathe the fumes over McBride. Painting was the fun part, this was the shit.

The afternoon drifted on, a few spectators coming, circling and leaving. One guy bought a painting, the woman worked the credit card machine, stuck a red dot on the picture.
The next visitor was a tall girl in flat shoes, jeans and a white top hanging over the jeans.
She smiled at McBride. You really are an artist, name in big letters outside the gallery. Boy, this is impressive. And you wearing a suit, and now me dressed casually. She said she had watched him paint a couple of times in the town. He remembered then she was dressed in a formal business suit, briefcase in her hand.
My suit is to impress the gallery owner, not the punters, who expect me to wear a smock.
She smiled and drifted off to view the paintings. He admired her bottom.
Ian Smith arrived, chatted to McBride for a few minutes, suggesting which type of paintings he thought sold easiest; he took all McBrides painting output some to sell through his own galleries, the majority to resell to other galleries throughout the UK and further afield. The set-up suited McBride.
Another hour passed and no-one had been in for at least thirty minutes. He looked at his watch yet again, headed for the exit, saying Goodnight over his shoulder to the desk- woman.
Outside the late afternoon sun was casting pale shadows, and he could smell newly mown grass. Lucky, he thought, with the weather in the week hed been here. No time lost and six paintings completed, the four in the gallery, and two larger paintings of Ian Smiths country pile already hung in his main living room. Spaces were waiting to hang the others after the show. And the bonus of a week in a five star country hotel paid for by Smith. He collected his key from reception, walked into the bar off the lobby. The girl was sitting at a table, drink in front of her, evening newspaper in her hand.
Hello again.
She looked up and smiled. I knew you were staying here. Saw you across the room at breakfast.
He walked over to the bar, bought a beer, came back. May I join you?
She inclined her head. He sat down at the opposite side of the table. In the act of sitting his eye was caught by a movement in the lobby. His shaven-headman crossed purposefully towards the stairs, looking neither left nor right.
A funny thing happened at the gallery today. She looked at him. A man came in, and tried to buy a painting that wasnt for sale. He was quite antagonistic towards the woman at the desk, pulling wads of cash out of his pocket. As if he didnt know how to behave in a gallery. Then he stormed out again.
Maybe hes one of the nouveau riche. In that case, he might not know how to behave in an art gallery.
And just now he walked into the lobby.
Spending his cash in a five star joint, thats the way to go.
Very odd. I offered to do a commission for him of the same scene. Wasnt interested.
He sipped his beer, reflecting. You know all about me. What are you doing here? Dressed up as power woman with a briefcase most of the time.
Sounds a sexist remark, she said, and smiled at him. I work for a fashion chain. Were opening a new branch ten miles down the road. Out of town shopping centre Im Director of Human Resources, once known as personnel department manager. I interview staff, supervise training, that sort of thing. Ive been up here a fortnight already. Staying about another week, then its up and running. My name is Helen Jackson. She held out her right hand. He shook it.
Have you tried the Italian restaurant in the high street yet?
No, Ive been eating in the hotel. Is it good?
Dont know either, but we could find out if you like.
Give me time to get ready.
Say about 8 oclock. Ill see if we can book.
Ill be down here at about five to eight then, she said as she rose from her chair.
McBride finished his beer and followed, making his way to the concierge desk, and booked a table at the Trattoria Antonio.
He walked to his room on the first floor, was just about to slot the key card in the door when he hesitated. The door had been jemmied and stood ajar. He couldnt hear movement inside. He gently pushed the door fully open, standing to one side for cover, but the room seemed empty. Some drawers had been tipped out on the floor. Cautiously he checked the bathroom. Nothing. Looking round. He noticed his camera had gone from the bedside table. Worse still, his laptop wasnt on the desk.
He picked up the phone, got reception. 120. My room has been broken into. Put me through to security.
The line went dead for a moment, then: Security is on his way to your room now, sir.
There was a tap on the open door. The guy wore an ill-fitting suit, a potbelly hanging over his trousers. Could be a retired policeman. He knew hotels liked an ex member of the force. Reliable, and usually honest.
Have you checked whether anythings missing?
What you would expect. Computer and camera. Nothing else worth stealing. Do you have CCTV on this floor. Or in the lobby?
Yes sir. Come with me and well have a look. When do you think it happened? They were already walking down the corridor, going down to the lobby; then through a door behind the concierge desk. A bank of monitors was racked against the wall opposite them.
McBride said: Look at the tapes for about twenty, thirty minutes ago. I was in the bar; a stocky guy crossed the lobby and went up the stairs. You can see where he went from there.
The security man fiddled with the controls, got pictures running on a spare monitor. Turned knobs, pressed buttons. This is the lobby, is that the man you mean? The light from the lobby spots bounced off the mans bald head.
Yes.
So hes going up the main stairs there, as you said now I switch cameras and we will
The stocky man turned left and headed for McBrides room, now shielding his face, must have been suddenly aware of the camera. Too late, already seen you! He stood close to the door, and in just seconds he was into room 120. Twenty, thirty seconds later he was coming out, his hand held in front of his face again. You could see the laptop bag in his other hand. Camera was probably in his pocket.
The security man switched off the spare monitor. I think weve got him sir. Ill just speak to the police. Maybe hes a local villain, though hes not been in here before..
Dont be too sure. But at least get me a crime number for the computer and the camera. My insurers will need it. Oh, and can you get me sorted with a new room? And have housekeeping shift my things over.

McBride walked back to the bar. Ordered another beer, sat at the same table as before, now deep in thought. At 7.30 he went over to reception, got the key for the new room, went up, briefly showered, and changed into chinos, new shirt. He was back in the bar at 7.45. His beer was still on the table.
At 7.55 precisely, Helen swept into the bar, looking smart wearing a trouser suit. McBride grinned.
I guess an open tab at the shops comes with the job.
You bet. Dont tell me youve be doing a man thing, swilling beer all this time
You wouldnt believe how busy Ive been, mostly meeting members of hotel staff.
Ill tell you over dinner, cos Ive a favour to ask.
And thats before youve even bought me dinner.
CHAPTER THREE
The Trattoria was small, and nearly empty. McBride guessed the Italian proprietor had set up in England because there was less competition than in his own country.
When they were seated and sipping drinks, she said, Come on, tell me what favour you want.
He explained what had happened.
It ties in with the attempt to buy my painting this afternoon. Maybe Ive painted something in that view that baldhead doesnt want others to see. And just in case, he steals my camera and laptop. I might have an image, he thinks.
In that case, hell have to steal the painting as well. Not quite so easy, surely. Arent galleries well secured with alarms and things?
Thats true, he must be waiting  no-one can see the painting until tomorrow. He put his hand in his pocket, took out a small plastic box. Luckily I changed the camera SIM card this morning I always take photos of the scenes I paint, just to be safe, and in all the years Ive never needed to refer to them  till now.
Come on John, now you ask me can I borrow your computer to look at the SIM card. Sure you can. But I dont think theres some mystery, because your paintings still in the gallery. Youre reading a lot into a series of coincidences.
I dont really think so.
Mmmh.
They ordered, and as McBride expected, the food was not brilliant. But they lingered, however, over desserts and drinks, spinning out the evening, learning about each other.
Eventually Antonio himself, who was anxious that the meal had been good, brought the bill. McBride didnt disabuse him. Antonio must have known why the restaurant wasnt doing well.
As they waited for change, McBride heard the sound of fire engines, fast footsteps, and past the window of the restaurant, people running, all in one direction. He could see that the evening air was thick with smoke, could smell it seeping into the restaurant. There was a glow in the distance that hadnt been there moments before. As he watched he saw the glow become a large fire lighting the night sky.
The Gallery! gasped Helen, on the way to the restaurant door, pushing it open with both hands. They jostled through the gathering crowd, edging closer and closer to the gallery. A mass of flames, sparks lifting in the breeze as roof beams crashed to the ground. A stench of wood smoke drifted in the wind towards them.
Two engines and a tender blocked the street close to the burning building. Hoses from ladders were gushing water ineffectively into the heart of the inferno.
A voice called, John!
McBride turned and saw Ian Smith, his face pale, moving heedlessly through the crowd, ignoring angry voices of the people he pushed aside.
What a bugger, looks like its all gone. He spotted a fireman temporarily unoccupied, and shouted, Whos in charge? I own that building.
At first they thought the fireman had ignored Ian, but a few minutes later another fireman came over. Im the Crew Manager. There will be nothing left, you know. Definitely used an accelerant, whoever did it.
Ian raised his eyebrows. It was arson, you mean?
Well, well need to check later, when the fire is out, but the speed this went up is very suspicious.
There was a cacophony of police car sirens behind them, and three, then four cars screeched to a halt behind the watching crowd. Within seconds uniformed police were herding people back. A police van arrived, unloaded temporary barriers to put across the street.
Ian, theres no point staying here. Do you want to come back to the hotel for a nightcap?
Ian, the heavy drinker, took no coaxing. The three of them walked back up the street. McBride went to the bar, came back with a whisky for Smith wine for Helen and a beer for himself. He put the tray on the table.
Helen said, Ill just fetch my laptop down and left the bar.
McBride sat down beside Smith. I hope you were insured.
What? Oh yes, to the hilt.
Then thats eighty-four paintings Ive sold today. Though I wish it was in happier ways.
Eighty paintings, John, Ian smiled. But I will want you to do me another four paintings.
McBride and Smith were on a table close to the lobby entrance. McBride watched Helen walk across the lobby towards them. The only other people in the bar were a group of men dressed in jeans and loose shirts, drinking and telling jokes at the opposite end of the room beside the bar counter.
She hefted the computer on to the table, undid the case and powered up. Held out her hand to McBride, and he reached in his pocket for the SIM card.
What are you doing? said Smith.
Youll see. And that was the third coincidence, Helen. The fire, I mean.
She was busy with the computer, but nodded in reply. The screen scrolled forty images. Which one are we looking for?
McBride moved closer.
If I can just take over from you, I should be able to recognise the scene.
He moved the arrow, and clicked over one of the later images. The scene filled the screen. Thats the one. Of course the painting might not have depicted the scene at this exact time, so there could have been something else, but now well never know.
The photograph showed the village from a high view taken from a field on the hill. On the right was a large house dating back to the late eighteenth century. The back of the house was facing the camera, the rear courtyard plainly visible. There were mature trees close to the house, but leaving large gaps through which the house and courtyard were visible. To the left of the house, the village spread away in a vista, showing rising land in the distance, and blue hills beyond. McBride had picked a stunning view. Thats what artists did.
There are vehicles and people in the courtyard. Is that what all this is about? Did you put them in the picture, John?
As far as I recall. Vehicles are part of the scene, just as horses and carts were in Constables day.
McBride studied the photograph for a few moments, told Smith what had happened that afternoon and how it might have resulted in the fire at the gallery.
Smith said, If the bald man did it, youll be able to recognise him again. This is incredible
So will the police when theyve seen the CCTV shots at the hotel here.
But youd tell them of the link, otherwise they might not make the connection. McBride smiled: They might not accept a connection if I point it out to them. They will think its a fanciful deduction. And it may be. But yes, I will make the police aware of it.
I might do a bit of snooping around myself before I go home. Tell me about this house, Ian, he tapped the computer screen, do you know the people who live there?
Not really, but I know about them. The house was empty for a long time. Looked at buying it myself, but it needed too much spending on it. But this couple bought it about four years ago. Havent done a lot of renovations. Occasionally see them in the village, but they very rarely venture out. Recluses, really. Think he has something to do with antiques. A kind way to describe the tat he collects.
McBride zoomed into the picture to enlarge the area behind the big house. He enlarged it until they could see the individual pixels, and then pulled the picture back again, to the best magnification. At the back of the house was a box van, probably a 3.1/2 ton model Mercedes, or something similar. It looked new, white, with a small stylish logo on the side, but it was too far away to make out. From the position of the van, McBride guessed it had been reversed out of a long pan-tiled roofed outbuilding. In fact there was a pair of open doors in the outbuildings through which he could see the interior. Three men were looking at the van, standing at the rear of the vehicle and obviously conversing.
Smith peered closely at the image.
Thats the householder, he pointed at a grey-haired man with a straggly long ponytail, and Im sure Ive seen that man before, hes familiar. Cant put a name to him, but it will come to me. He glanced at his watch. Id better be getting along, busy day tomorrow, sorting the building out, insurance people to speak to, that sort of thing. He stood up held out his hand to Helen.
It has been nice to meet you. John, Ill speak to you tomorrow, the assessor is sure to want to meet with you.

The next morning McBride was having breakfast in the restaurant before eight oclock, but Helen was down before him, drinking a coffee when he joined her.
Just going, John. The shop opening is this morning, ten oclock. Ill be back about six, or half past. Have a good day snooping. She blew him a kiss and dashed out of the restaurant.
McBride ate bacons and egg and was on his way into the village by nine. The blackened skeleton of the gallery was still gently smoking. A fire engine stood by. The road was closed to vehicles, but a footpath was open on the opposite side to the gallery. He made his way into the small police station, which was just opening for business. A young constable was behind a glass screened counter.
I wonder if I can speak to someone about the fire last night? I have some information.
The constable selected a form. If I can just take down your name and address, sir, the LPU inspector should be here in a minute.
When hed given his name and address, McBride sat on a bench, looking across at the notice board on the opposite wall, wondering who made up the crass slogans.
Ten minutes later a thin man in his early fifties, dressed in blazer and flannel trousers came in. He went across to the counter, spoke briefly to the desk cop, and went on through a door at the rear.
The constable leaned over the counter, said to McBride: Sir, if you would go through that door to see Inspector Nolan, please.
On the door, a neat plate bore the inspectors name. By the time McBride went into the office, Nolan was seated behind the plain metal desk, scribbling notes on forms and putting them into a tray. This feverish activity amused McBride, who knew the man had only just sat down at his desk. Nolan looked up, frowned slightly at the interruption. He looked back at the desk, and picked up the form that had been completed at the counter; looked down at it, and then back to McBride, didnt ask him to sit. Right, sir, you want to tell me something about the fire. The one at the gallery, was it?
Correct. I know who set fire to it.
Really? His eyebrows crept up his forehead in a facetious way.
You have a crime logged for yesterday at the Manor Hotel: breaking into my room and the theft of a camera and computer. The mans on the CCTV footage, good clear image of the face. That is the man who was the arsonist.
And how do you know that?
McBride explained the mans actions to avoid the painting being seen at the gallery.
Slim evidence. But we follow up all leads, and we hear what you say. If you go to the counter outside and ask if you can give a statement, the young constable will witness it and make sure it goes in the fire evidence file.
He was quickly ushered back to the reception desk, where he dictated a statement. The police constable carefully wrote down the words very slowly. McBride half expected him to lick the end of his pencil, but eventually he was done, and McBride was outside in the sunshine.
He wanted to look at the scene he had painted which had caused such a sequence of events. He turned off the main street, followed the lane gently up the hill. There was a stile and a signpost for a public footpath. Beyond the stile, it was a few hundred yards before he breasted the hill. As he looked at the scene afresh, he remembered having to move to his right for about fifty feet to get the best composition. The field was rough grass and weeds, probably used recently to keep horses in. He looked down the hill, The view re-awoke his artistic wonder, it was close to being a perfect composition, it needed little tweaking by an artist. It just called out to be painted in his fresh bold style. He concentrated his gaze on the old house to the right. Now there was no vehicle, and no people in the courtyard.
Even as he watched, the door in the garden wall burst open and an old woman dressed in a nightgown and robe ran out into the field. She tripped on a grass tuft, but quickly righted herself and toiled up the hill, waving her arms, her night dress flapping round her legs.
Now, behind her, appeared a man chasing after her. It was the shaven headed man McBride had last seen on the CCTV screen. Although the woman in the nightdress appeared to be using a lot of energy, her progress over the field was hampered by the rough going.
He watched with horror as the man caught up with her, pulled her to the ground. McBride started forward, though he knew he was too far away to intervene. The man bent over the woman drawing something out of his pocket. As he leaned over further, the woman suddenly went limp. Had he injected her with some drug? It looked like it. He picked her up in his arms, the old woman not a heavy burden. The bald man was quickly back through the door in the wall with his bundle of frail flesh.
CHAPTER FOUR
Eamonn Murphy was a grey haired sixty-year-old, with a sallow face, sunken cheeks and shaggy eyebrows. His hair hung over his ears and over the collar of his shirt at the back, in a long pony tail. He sat at a dining table, using it as a desk. Standing at the other side of the table, facing him stood the shaven-headed man Inspector James Nolan sat on Murphys right, wondering if he would collect his pension, due in three months time and worked for over his long career. So much could go wrong, and already had.
At the shaven headed mans side of the table sat a plump man with a shock of wiry black hair.
Jesus, Ryan, said Murphy, youre a thick bastard. You fuck up getting yourself on the camera at the hotel, burn the fucking art gallery down. We tell you not under any fucking circumstances are you to leave the house, and you go prancing round the fucking fields.
I was catching your wife
After you let her get out of the house, because you forgot her sedation, thats fucking what. Go on get out of here. Murphy motioned to the plump man, OConnor, to accompany him.
As OConnor rose, Nolan saw Murphy made a gun shape with his fingers. OConnor nodded, and as Ryan reached the door, OConnor pulled a pistol out of his pocket, lifted it to the back of Ryans head, and without pausing pulled the trigger. Nolan heard the shot reverberated round the room. Ryan crumpled gracefully to the floor. There was no blood visible, it was as though the man had fainted. Nolan thought inconsequentially that the bullet had ricoched round inside the skull without the energy to emerge.
Inspector Nolan said, Jesus! and shut his eyes.
Murphy said to OConnor, Stick him in the stable block, and well bury him tonight. Nolan here will give you a hand. Make sure nobody sees you go to the stables. Put him in a sack or something.
CHAPTER FIVE
John McBride walked back to the hotel. There was no sign of further activity at the old house, once the old lady was whisked back through the garden door. He desperately needed a computer, so he decided to drive to the shopping centre.
It was still only ten oclock when he got there, and shoppers had still to arrive in numbers. He parked the car right by PC World. He bought a laptop with Windows 7 professional installed, since it is better than Windows 8, declined extra programmes which might have increased the salesmans commission, but asked the guy for a cheap digital camera. The salesman started out with 500 models.
No good. For me its not worth paying any more than 70. If I drop the thing, I chuck it away. You know that repair costs start at 70.
The salesman shrugged and a deal was quickly done. He went to a caf across the road and tried the computer while he drank a coffee. It was quick and he used the free wifi provided by the caterer. He found a site that gave the names of householders by just typing in the address. He entered his credit card number  10 for six addresses, minimum charge.
The site gave the residents of the old house as Eamonn Murphy and Margaret Murphy. He assumed the latter was the escaping woman. If baldhead was living there, it wasnt public knowledge.
McBride shut the laptop down. He drank the rest of his coffee. Murphy was an Irish name. Irish names remind some people of the Troubles. He had searched a few blogs, but couldnt come up with the name in connection with the provos. Maybe his friend Miller might know something  hed been in the Army a lot longer. He had a mobile number for him, in the car.
It was a long shot, because Miller worked a lot abroad, mostly in Africa, as a mercenary. Couldnt settle down he said, to a boring civvie life.
Still it was worth trying his number, and as soon as he got back to his hotel, McBride was punching the number into his own mobile. It was picked up almost immediately.
Miller a voice said. There was childish shouting in the background.
I guess youre not in the jungle. Its John McBride here.
It was a lot quieter in the Congo, than here with my sisters kids. Howre you doin? Still wielding the paintbrush and making a fortune sitting on your bum?
Artists do it standing up, didnt you know? Im in Cheshire at the moment, been painting my agents house. Before you say anything  painting pictures of his house. Staying five star at his expense. What I wanted to ask you is does the name Eamonn Murphy mean anything? He lives down the road in a big house, and has a connection with a guy who robbed me yesterday, and burned down the art gallery, probably
Silence on the other end of the phone. McBride knew the connection was not broken. Sound of breathing, then: Jesus, has that old bastard surfaced again? Hes a guy wholl be what, say sixty-years-old, a bit gaunt, long straggly hair?
Not met him yet. Saw a picture that someone said was him. Taken from a long way off, but thats how I would have described him from the photo.
Hell be connected with something crooked. He was working the protection racket in Belfast for some breakaway IRA faction. Kept a lot of the cash himself, I bet. Was pretty feared, about fifteen years ago, when it was going on. More businesses were blown up for non-payment than you could wave a stick at. The owner of a bar says I cant pay you any more  the next night Murphy comes in with a parcel tucked under his arm, sticks it on the bar top, and shouts, Its timed for two minutes, and leads the exodus. Two minutes later, the bar is flattened. Id like to have a go at that guy.
Was thinking of having a snoop round his premises tonight, see what I can learn
You wouldnt want to tackle that guy by yourself if you get caught. I could do with some excitement, Ive been home six months, resting. Im in Manchester at the moment at my sisters house. The kids never stop wanting me to play jungle games with them. And anyway, Im totally fit now.
Now? said McBride
I came back from the Congo in an ambulance plane, actually. But everythings healed up nicely, and Im asking around for another go. Think Ill be back in Africa bout two weeks time. Shall I drive over to see you tonight, about six, then?
Glad to see you, if you let me pay for your five star digs and all food. He went on to give details of the hotel, and how to get to it.
Ill see you in the bar then? said Dusty Miller.
If Murphy hasnt caught me, said McBride.
CHAPTER SIX
McBride sat at his usual table in the bar, studying the SIM card images, this time on his own laptop. Earlier, he had made a discovery. One of the men was no less than Inspector Nolan. One of the others, the older man must be Murphy. It didnt look as though Murphy was under arrest. It appeared as if they were friends, both laughing as the camera caught them.
Got your laptop back, John?
Helen stood in front of him, in her business clothes.
No, I went out and bought a new one. You want a drink?
Just a pot of tea. It was a hard day, but tomorrow must get better.
McBride waved at a waiter standing in the lobby, who came over and took the order. His mobile rang. It was Ian Smith. Hi, John, I spoke to the insurance assessor just now on the phone. He says he doesnt need to see you and Ive just remembered who that guy in your picture reminds me of
Inspector James Nolan? said McBride.
Yes, how did you know?
Reported to him this morning to tell him who started your fire. Cant say that he looked surprised But then, hed know anyway, dont you think?
Oh, come on, John, youre a bloody cynic. Police dont abet crimes.
It has been known. But well see.
He said goodbye, and pocketed the phone.
Im expecting a friend to arrive, said McBride to Helen, about now.
Shes nice?
Its a bloke, actually, an old army friend. Its time we found out whats going on down here.
Wont the police do that? Isnt that what they do?
Not round here  Ive just recognised Inspector Nolan in the picture. He waved at the computer image.
He could have come round to arrest the house owner.
Oh, yes, said McBride. While they both had a good laugh about it.
A voice said, Hi John.
It was Dusty Miller, a weekend bag in his hand, tall, with a new scar on his face, sturdy, over 6 feet tall, dressed in black jeans, black shirt, dark brown leather jacket.
McBride stood to shake his hand. This is Helen, who is staying at the hotel. She smiled up at him. Ive reserved a room in your name. If you like to book in now, we can have a chat here about the current situation. He saw Miller glance at Helen, raising his eyebrows. Helen knows what were doing, but is busy opening a branch of a multiple down here.
Miller nodded. Get me a pint while I check in, Ill be back in a second.
I must go up and change, get a shower. Are you going to be around for dinner? Helen said.
I think wed rather do our snooping on empty stomachs. We can run faster that way. Seriously, we might after we get back.
She smiled at him: Be very careful. She left.
McBride collected a couple of pints from the bar, and arrived at the table just as Miller returned minus his baggage.
Miller picked up his pint, drank half of it in one huge swallow. Okay, lets have a look at the evidence.
McBride swivelled the laptop so that Miller could see the image, and then went through what had happened in the last twenty-four hours.
It looks like theres a bit of ground cover around the house. It should be easy to have a snoop around. Get Google earth up, and we can see the terrain in detail. McBride pressed buttons, got the required area and zoomed in.
What did criminals do before Google Earth, eh? Miller studied the scene for a few seconds. Pity the picture was taken in summer, there are a lot of unknowns, due to the tree cover. Still, could be worse. I think we should get into the grounds at the other side, here, from where you took your snap. Agreed?
I think we should have a look at the van, it might be the key to why theyre shy.
I was thinking that.
We cant see what the logo reads, even from the photo, and it would be just a blob on the painting. So it must be recognisable from the colour and position.
Position? said Miller.
McBride reached out for the bar menu on the table. The back was plain. He pulled a pencil out, and drew a rectangle. Most companies put their logo in the middle of the side panel, like so. Do you agree?
Thats where I guess they would be
But, if you consider this to be a sheet of paper that you are going to paint a scene on, he drew another rectangle under the first, artistically, the point of interest, the golden point, the old artists called it, is about one third from the bottom, and one third from the side.
Actually you can see that there would be four golden points, but only one was usually chosen. He marked the golden points by pencil marks. And this is where the logo is, on one of the golden points, in golden colour, too. We have a sign writer with talent.
You dont see many artistically painted vans, conceded Miller.
This is why my painting couldnt be around for people to see. If the van is so well known by the logo, its in the wrong place stowed in Murphys back garden. Im not local, so Im missing the point. But locals, or at least some of them must. That is what Murphy is afraid of, and why he unleashed the bald man to buy the painting, but of course, it wasnt for sale. Everything else, the gallery fire, the robbery at the hotel resulted as the bald man grew more and more desperate.
So, if you see the logo in that colour, and that position on the van, you recognise the company. Thats got to be what this is about. We check the name on the van and take it from there. When do we start?
As soon as it gets really dark. Good night for it. No moon, and quite breezy. The wind will rustle the leaves, make quite a lot of strange noises, so no-one hears us, with luck.
Getting dark already pointed out McBride, looking over to the window.
Yes, give it ten minutes, and by the time were on the scene, should be okay. Ive got a small torch, lock picks in case the vans locked away, so were good to go.
CHAPTER SEVEN
When Bobby Bell left school in Belfast at the age of sixteen, he went down to the youth labour exchange, and was interviewed. A quiet well-spoken lad, he was shown a variety of job vacancies, this being a time of full employment. Bobby knew that if he didnt like the job he took, he could always get another job, at any time. You gave in your notice, went down to the labour exchange the next day, and chose something else, then worked out your notice. That was the way of full employment.
So Bobby decided he liked the look of an office job in an estate agency, to learn the business. The employer was prepared to pay for Bobby to take night classes, to study for The National Association membership. Bobby went for an interview, impressed the employer with his manner and dress and got the job. He stayed with the same employer for four years, firstly, as tea boy in the back office, then handling enquiries on the telephone, when his employer noticed his pleasant telephone manner. By the time he was twenty, he was showing people round properties, using selling techniques gleaned from library books, and developing his own laid back closing techniques. He quickly became a success, and was given a commission on sales.
Bobby realised he was ready to progress from Belfast. He wrote to a few Dublin estate agents, getting the names from a book in the library. He always remembered to enclose a stamped addressed envelope with his job applications, and his record with his Belfast employer was impressive. Out of five applications he got two expressions of interest, inviting him for an interview. By carefully arranging for the two interviews to be on the same day, he was able to claim his travelling expenses twice. The extra cash paid for a good night out with his then girlfriend.
His parents were sorry to see him leave home, but Bobby was excited to be living in his own flat, and to be residing in a city which was fast becoming sophisticated. His progress continued with his new employer, and several years later he was invited to become a junior partner.
His social life had blossomed along with his business status, and he met many property developers, some of whom had second lucrative jobs. One friend, who became close, since they shared interests such as dinghy sailing and drinking, revealed to him when in his cups, that he supplied guns purchased in Russia, to splinter groups of the IRA. Needing more capital to up the volumes, he invited Bobby to participate. Bobby had now amassed quite a lot of savings, so he agreed, and went into partnership. The business flourished, and he made trips to the USSR. This was following perestroika, and free enterprise was rife, and so were the mafia like organisations. It could be dangerous dealing with these new Russians, and Bobbys friend was a victim of a street fight, which he blundered into when on one of his visits. Following his friends death, suddenly Bobby was making money faster than ever before in his life. It all came to a quick end in 2005, with the decommissioning of IRA weapons. By this time, Bobby, who was still outwardly an estate agent, had poured money into property, mostly buying buildings that could be demolished, to clear sites for vast new buildings. He also bought listed buildings ripe for restoration. He had also purchased a gentlemans residence for himself in a prime area of Dublin.
In 2007, he had bought a huge tract of land, borrowing yet more money to put together the erection of a smart shopping mall, and work had started by the end of that year. Within months, the banks were collapsing and the Irish euro miracle itself collapsed.
Bobbys dream of finishing the scheme and selling it, cashing in a big profit, releasing his own savings and retiring were shattered. The project was stalled for lack of cash.
He halted work on the scheme to save spending further, but of course, he had bank interest piling up. However it could have been worse. Some of his contacts were investors with him, and their money was tied without them getting interest, to be made at the end when Mall was sold. In order to pay bank interest, Bobby had to sell his home, and rent an apartment to live in. He was tempted to sell his motor yacht, which he kept in Douglas, but so far it had not come to that.
For two or more years he had been struggling, with defeat staring him in the face. So when a phone call came out of the blue, and it was from Eamonn Murphy, he was interested enough to invite him over to Dublin to talk.
He remembered the tousle headed lean teenager as though it was yesterday. The last time he had set eyes on him was on the last day of term at the Belfast school they had both attended.
CHAPTER EIGHT
The asphalt path ran up alongside the garden wall of the house, fence on the other side. Beyond that, fields.
Miller stopped, looked both ways up and down the path. Okay, John. We go over here, not too many trees in the way, but good cover. The wall was about seven feet high Right, Ill give you a helping hand to get on top of the wall. He clasped both hands in front of him for McBride to put a foot into for upward leverage. When youre on the wall, sit with your legs on the other side, and wait for me to get up there with you. Then we carefully shine the torch on the other side, see whats below us, before we jump. Dont want either of us being castrated with upright posts or whatever. But look quickly, because I dont want to leave the torch on more than momentarily. Come on, go NOW.
McBride put his foot in Millers clasped hands, straightened his knees, and scrambled on to top of the wall. Swung his legs over and sat waiting for Miller. Without any assistance except great strength, Miller was sitting alongside him in no time.
In a voice no louder than a whisper, Miller said, Torch going on now.
After the darkness, the light of the torch seemed blinding. McBride could see that under them was bare earth, littered with last years leaves, drifts of them up against the wall. The tree cover denied daylight for undergrowth.
Miller said, Jump! and McBride launched himself off the wall, to be followed a moment later by Miller. McBride couldnt see him, it was too dark, but felt the vibration of his landing, with absolutely no sound, considering his size and weight.
Okay, Miller whispered, lets wait until our eyes are accustomed to the dark, and well make our way through the trees. I reckon we should be abreast of the outbuildings at the back of the house. The danger for us is if theyve got movement activated lights, so we want to keep away from the courtyard, go round the back of the barns, might be a back door, or even a window. If you can, walk so theres a tree trunk between you and the courtyard, it will help. Might mean you have to zigzag somewhat. Makes it easier if you follow me, get hold of my belt. We dont want to lose contact. If any trouble starts, I dont want to end up shooting you, through not knowing where you are.
Miller had no sooner finished speaking, than the security lights went on in the courtyard.
He put a hand on McBrides arm. That wasnt us. Just hang on here and see whats going on. They stood where they had come down from the wall. The courtyard, McBride estimated was about a hundred feet away
Two men strode across the courtyard. What were they carrying? McBride asked himself. Then he heard a metallic sound as the tools bounced along the cobbled yard and realised they were carrying spades. Bit dark to be gardening he thought. Both men stopped at the near side the outbuilding. The taller man tested the earth with his spade. He realised with amazement that it was Inspector Nolan. Was he searching for something Murphy had buried? The other man stepped up beside him, and through a gap in the trees, McBride had a clear view of him.
Shorter then Nolan, but stocky, broad-chested, with dark curly hair in a tangle, he started digging, on a command from Nolan. Then he was being helped by the inspector, who at the same time was complaining that he was too old for the physical exercise.
McBride whispered to Miller. The tall one giving orders is Inspector Nolan.
Okay. Whats he looking for?
Beats me, but we might be going to find out.
They stood silently watching for half an hour, but it felt longer.
Finally Nolan said, Thats deep enough. Go get him. He stood, arching his back, leaning slightly on his spade, watching his partner entering the barn. Muffled swearing could be heard, and he re-emerged carrying something heavy on his back. Like carrying a man in a firemans lift, but this was a sack, shaped like a man.
Its a body, breathed Miller. Fuck me, theyre burying someone.
It took both of the diggers to manhandle the sack into the hole, and arrange it to their satisfaction. Then both were shovelling earth back, swiftly. From time to time the smaller man stepped in the hole, jumping up and down to compact the soil. When the grave was full, there was a mound of unused earth remaining, and the two men loaded their spade and swung them in huge arcs to hurl the soil into the woods in front of McBride, but it was sixty feet away at least where the furthest shovel loads landed.
The men wiped their spades on the rough grass edging the courtyard, knocking their boots to remove earth, and then tramped back across the courtyard, and McBride heard a door open and close. Almost immediately the external lights were extinguished.
Means theyre not movement controlled. They switched them off inside the house.
Thats good, Miller observed. I think we can get moving.
McBride got hold of Millers jacket as he moved forward. Miller occasionally flashed on the torch briefly shielding the lens with his other hand. Very quickly they arrived at the wall of the barn. McBride felt better to be near shelter. At the barn, Miller turned right and walked until he reached the front. Then he turned and retraced his steps, all the way until they reached the rear. No windows on this wall. They turned and walked the rear wall, a bit more difficult here, with bushes and tall plants up to the wall. Miller pushed through resolutely. Suddenly they were at a window, small-paned, covered with grime on this side.
Miller rubbed at a pane with his hand, shone the torch inside. Dimly, they could make out the large white van. Whats the logo say? said Miller, in a low voice.
The glass is too dirty to tell. McBride was straining to make it out. Desperate action, then, Miller said, and brought the torch sharply at the glass.
It cracked with a noise, but not a loud noise. He worked the cracked glass to remove pieces, by using his penknife in the hard putty glazing. Eventually, he had succeeded in pulling two large pieces out of the frame.
McBride could read the logo when Miller turned the torch on again.
Wow. Secure Express. Now I remember the logo. It was a gold circle, and the words written across in black italics. The van was facing the front of the barn, and they could see the back was lettered. Drivers have no access to safes. This van is followed by police.
McBride grinned to himself. Murphy must hope the latter statement was untrue.
Shit! Miller said, We neednt have broken the window. Look, the doors are open in the front wall of the barn.
They could make out a couple of windows lit up in the house beyond.
McBride said, Now I remember that from the photo. Damn. But it was safer this far from the house, avoiding detection.
I must get to the van, put an attachment on. Stay here, John. I wont be gone for ten minutes. If you move, Ill never find you in the dark.
Through the broken pane McBride saw Miller flit like a shadow round the front of the barn, down the side of the van, pulling a matchbox size black object out of his pocket, then lying on the floor to attach it to the chassis. He stood again, the lights from the house dimly illuminating the barns interior. He knelt down and did something that took a few minutes, working on the exterior. McBride saw him leave the barn, and then heard nothing until Miller touched his arm, making him jump. The guy could certainly move quietly. The silence was broken by the sound of the house door opening again.
Quick! said Miller, Thats a dog let out of the house. Hell be on us before you know it.
While talking he was pulling McBride along with him until they reached the wall where they had got in. Miller boosted McBride on to the top of the wall, and then scrambled up too, cursing quietly and kicking. Damn dog, he muttered. He sat on the wall and flashed the torch downwards.
McBride saw the jaws of an angry dog, red tongue, glistening fangs. It was a Doberman. Fortunately it didnt bark, but snarled as it watched them until they were off the wall and back on the asphalt path.
It was lucky, said Miller That they didnt let it out earlier.
***
Helen was in the hotel bar, reading a paperback, coffee on the table. She looked up when they came towards her, obvious relief showing on her face.
That didnt take long, she said. McBride looked at his watch, amazed that it was not even nine oclock.
Hope youll excuse me John, said Miller. Ill get an early night. What time will I see you for breakfast?
Eight oclock. Sure you dont want to eat tonight?
Ill order something from room service. He raised his arm in a farewell gesture, and headed over to the stairs.
Room service sound good, said Helen, Let me treat you to dinner in my room. You havent eaten yet?
I was really worried, John, I dont mind admitting it.
Okay, room service dinner sounds good. Let me get you a drink here first, Gin and tonic?
That would be nice.
CHAPTER NINE
McBride was surprised to find that Helen had a very nice suite, not just a bedroom. Shops must be doing well, he commented.
Theyre very profitable. But we get an excellent deal with this hotel chain. I bet it is cheaper than your room.
Dont know, Im not paying, Ian Smith is, or rather was. I suppose I ought to tell the management to start charging me direct. Cant expect Ian to finance the investigation. He added, Wheres the room service menu?
Here. She handed him the menu. And heres a bottle of wine I was given by the management. She pulled a bottle out of the fridge. Chablis, my favourite.
They sat side by side on the sofa, sipping the wine, and studying the menu. Helen said Shall we have lobster? Push the boat out?
McBride nodded, raised his eyebrows. Wow!
By the time the meal was wheeled in and set up by the waiter on the table, the wine was drunk, and McBride asked the waiter to send up another bottle.
After they had eaten, they returned to the sofa for coffee. He was heavy eyed from the nights events
Dont fall asleep on me, said Helen, putting an arm round his neck and pulling him close.
Automatically, he leaned forward to kiss her on the lips, and she passionately returned his moves.
Come on, the bedroom, she gasped. And they ran, shedding clothes on the way to land laughing, on the king bed in the adjoining room.
CHAPTER TEN
Well, last night proved that Murphy is still very bent. Burying people in his back garden, indeed, said Miller. He and McBride were sitting in the morning sun on the hotel terrace.
Hes certainly up to no good  fancy having a fake bullion couriers van in his barn, too. I checked out the registration number with a friend this morning. It belongs to Secure Express. So the job Murphys working on is a heist. Once he knows there is a valuable cargo to pick up. And who better to know that than the Inspector, who I bet, will get a percentage.
Just about sums it up, said Miller. Weve just got to keep an eye on them until it happens. The bug I attached to the van last night might help, but we cant rely on it. They might spot it. And that will warn them. Then they leave the bug in the barn, and we think the van is still there.
Except well be watching, and see the van leave.
Yeah, its going to be tedious. Still, theres going to be some movement sooner rather than later. Theyre taking a risk, with the fake van sitting in the barn. And its been there for, how long, already?
McBride said, Its about eight days since I did that painting, so for at least that long.
Its very dodgy, then. And last nights burial, too. They must be ready to go.
To McBride, this excitement was a welcome break from painting, a breath of times as they were in the Army, actually acting out the stories in Boys Own. This was what made the blood sing in his veins. He was still in love with painting, but this was a different pleasure.
I think the person they buried last night could have been the bald man. He was causing Murphy some embarrassment, McBride said.
Miller mused for a few moments. You cant know that, youre only guessing. Must make them one short at least for the job, whoever it was. Theyll probably send for reinforcements. The sooner we begin surveillance, the better.
Okay, this is how I see it. We can use the cars. Keep well away from the house driveway, but close enough to see comings and goings. Twenty-four hour watch, six on six off.
We might vary the car watch by foot watch. Up in the field where you did the painting.
Keep in touch by mobiles, you think? said McBride. It means weve both got to be ready to go at the drop of a hat.
Sure, said Miller, and well use both cars when the action starts, case we need to split up. I dont think it will be more than three days to watch and wait.
Both men sat looking out over the gardens, both lost in their own thoughts, until McBride leaped to his feet. Come on then, lets start watching.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
Inspector Nolan glanced both ways up and down the street before turning into the entrance to Murphys yard. Bit dangerous, to be seen visiting so often.
Murphy answered the door. Come in. Youve got some news, then?
He led the way to the dining room, with its huge table, piles of papers littering the top, including newspapers, some local, and one or two nationals. The mess jarred with Nolans tidy ways.
Murphy moved some items from one of dining chairs, putting the sheaf of papers and items of clothing on the table, adding to the general clutter. Nolan sat down primly.
Murphy moved out a chair and sat down opposite, eyebrows raised, waiting for Inspector Nolan to speak.
Nolan pulled a few papers out of his inside jacket pocket, placed them on the table in front of him.
This is a copy of a communication from Northern Bullion. They want the police in attendance when a consignment of platinum is collected by Secure Express, destination Manchester Airport for onward transmission to Chicago. This is fairly regular, as I told you at first. It goes to the electronics industry, the main users of platinum.
What day and what time? Murphy said.
Thursday, at ten thirty.
How many police at the bullion place?
Just me, Ill make sure theres a shortage of staff. Its Northern Bullion who ask for a police presence, and they pay for it. Their insurance company insist on it. Dont stipulate quantity of personnel.
Three days it will be tight.
Youve got the van, got uniforms made up, what else do you need?
Two more guys. I told them theyd be needed. Well pay them 20 grand apiece and expenses  after the event. If it goes wrong, theres no need to pay them.
Goes wrong? You told me nothing can go wrong, said Nolan. Theres my full pension hanging by a thread.
Did your old man never tell you: no pain, no gain? Lifes full of surprises.
Wheres OConnor?
Hes around. He doesnt need to have all these details. He does what I tell him. The new guys we need  ones a replacement for Ryan. And then one for the explosives.
Nolan moved in his seat. What explosives? This is a simple switch, peacefully executed, and you go riding off into the sunset. No need for violence.
Murphy said, James, what would happen if two vans turned up at Northern Bullion, both identical, even to the number plates? We cant have that. Explosives are the answer for a little diversion. You wont even know about it. No need for you to bother your head.
Nolan didnt speak for a long time, looking down at the table. Eventually he reached again into his pocket, pulled out another envelope. This is a copy of the transit documents that the Secure Express driver hands over to the reception. There are also a couple of identity badges, which should be worn round your necks. I wont contact you again, but Ill be in a police car at Northern Bullion. When you arrive, I accompany you into the office. When youve loaded, I go back to the police car, and follow you out down the road. When you turn off, I go the other way.
All understood, James. Wish us luck.
Nolan stood up, turned and led the way outside without another word.
Once he was out of the house, Murphy got on the phone to a mobile number in Northern Ireland.
Lefty, Eamonn Murphy here. The jobs for Thursday morning. Need you to start work Wednesday night; youll be done by Thursday about ten thirty. Piece of cake. Bring that pal of yours, Ned, is it? Youll need him to help. If youve got fluorescent jackets, bring them or well buy them this side. You come by plane to Manchester Airport. Tomorrow morning, I can put you up. From the airport, take a taxi. After hed given the address, he said Payment will be made later over on your side of the water, okay? Thats forty for the two, I dont mind how you split it. And Ill pay expenses afterwards as well. Murphy added as an afterthought, Keep receipts
Murphy pulled out a pocket book, looked up another number, called it.
Jim? Would you be able to do a small job on Thursday morning? Ill be paying a thousand for only one hours work. Would you be able to fit it in? The time element is critical, and the cash is up front, in twenties.
Jim said, Yes, Ill fit it in, tell me more.
Not on the phone. I could meet you tonight in a pub of your choosing. Ill buy you a drink, too, and bring the cash.
Jim named a pub, and said he would be there at seven oclock.
CHAPTER TWELVE
Bobbys accountant phoned him early one morning. Trevor here, Bobby, have you heard the news?
What news? Trevor was a good accountant, but being a financial wizard didnt mean that he had an ability to impart information verbally.
New manager at Anglo-Irish. Dont expect hes brought any money with him, though. Trevor chuckled at his own joke.
Cut to the chase, Trevor. Tell me in plain English.
Well, said Trevor, now gathering together the parts of his brain that worked his mouth. Hes new here, and firstly, you should meet him. And secondly, we should show him the development, get him enthusiastic about it if we can, so that he shells out the meagre amount, speaking in context, that we need to ride happily, all of us, including the bank, into the sunset. Put this to bed, you know.
Bobby thought that providing he could ensure that Trevor didnt speak a lot at the meeting, except to explain the finances, then it was indeed something they must do, immediately.
Give me his name, Trevor, and tell me where hes been posted from. Is he from Dublin originally?
Neville Smith. English. Previously in charge at the London branch.
Bobby sighed. He imagined the worst, that Mr Smith would act like a colonial superior, sent to quell the natives. Still, they had to make the best of it. He couldnt be any worse than the guy he was replacing.
Okay, Trevor, Ill phone him, suggest we set up a meeting, first a visit to the site, and perhaps straight to your offices for a discussion, that okay with you? Youd better suggest some dates that suit you.
Bobby scribbled on his calendar, as Trevor read out dates and times. I suggest that we fix a date, and we turn up at his office, for introductions and we take him to the site, and then, as I said, we go from there to your offices, hopefully we can use your boardroom, and tell him what we need. Trevor agreed, and Bobby ended the call.
He phoned Mr Smiths secretary at the bank, and fixed a date
Trevor picked up Bobby in his BMW series 7, and they both arrived at the bank. They were ushered into Neville Smiths office, by his secretary. Bobby held out his hand, and said Im Bobby Bell and this is my accountant Trevor Caber. Neville Smith was a small man about five feet seven, portly, with a plump face and double chin. Bobby thought to himself, this guy is going to have Napoleon tendencies.
Smith went over to the hat-stand, pulled his black overcoat on, and said, Right, gentlemen shall we go?
They got into Trevors car, Smith in the front passenger seat with Trevor driving, Bobby sitting in the back.
Ive arranged for my architect to be on site, Mr Smith, in case there are any queries he can answer. You will appreciate that I have had to suspend work, until we can get the cash flow going again.
Neville skewed round in his seat, so that he could address Bobby. When a bank changes personnel, the outgoing person leaves comprehensive reports. I was looking at your history yesterday, to bring myself up to speed before this meeting. The report says that it was recommended to withdraw your facility, and apply for repayment. Four million euros, is it not?
Trevor swerved slightly, and brought the car under control. Smith clutched the seat back to keep himself upright.
It is indeed, Mr Smith. The scheme is funded at the moment to a total of E50 million, so you can see that you havent got much exposure, considering the size of the investment. You will know that I personally have E10 million invested, with the balance from individual backers, mostly friends of mine. Ah, here we are. I think you will be impressed, even though the scheme is not quite complete.
Trevor drove through a wire fence gate, which had been opened by the architect, and into a temporary car park for building workers, pulling up beside the architects car.
The architect, who had been waiting, got out of his own car and was introduced to the bank manager. Bobby said, I would recommend a very quick tour, before we repair to my accountants office. As it is a building site, I have to request you all wear these fluorescent jackets, and hard hats.
The architect handed round the equipment, and indicated for them all to follow him. They started with the underground car parks, then moved up to the first floor. Bobby was delighted to see that Smiths shoes, which looked like Barkers or Loakes, were covered in white cement dust, and the occasional scuff which had cut into the leather.
This area here, the architect waved his hands to encompass a vast area of flooring, is for the anchor store, which will have the same area on all three floors.
Have you got any tenants yet? asked Smith, talking to Bobby.
At the moment we have the anchor, who will be Tesco Extra. They will have one floor as a normal supermarket, the next floor, clothing and shoes, the third floor appliances and electronics. We have a legal document agreeing to take a lease, subject to the building being completed in a year. There is nine months left to run. As well as that we have another five retailers that have signed similarly. Thats big name ones. We havent promoted the mall until we have completed, and then we will advertise, issue floor plans, give rental rates.
And the payback in terms of rental?
When we are fully let, 18% net of costs, as a percentage of total investment.
With Tesco being most of the rent, said the banker.
Actually no, not on a square footage rate. They will be given discount rate of about 46% of the rack rate. This is quite usual to attract the anchor, and that has all been factored in. Also, all tenants will have an upward only percentage increase dependant on turnover. So when the mall is doing well, the landlord shares the extra income.
Bobby could have happily spent longer there than the bank manager wanted, but then, it was Bobbys baby, something that had filled his life for the last three and a half years to the exclusion of anything else, and for the last two years, he had been holding it together on a shoestring. However when the bank manager said, Shall we go to your accountants office now? he quickly shepherded everyone to Trevors car.
The architect asked, doubtfully, Will you need me at the meeting?
The bank manager said, No No please, no thank you.
Bobby thought: you pompous prat.
Trevors boardroom did indeed seem to impress Neville Smith, however. Bobby knew it would. It was magnificent beyond anything the bank had. Trevor sat at the head of the table, with Bobby on one side, Smith on the other. Trevor phoned for refreshments, and a young lady entered almost immediately with a tray of coffee and tea pots, with a plate of biscuits.
Is it normal to have a supermarket as anchor? asked Smith, wading straight in. He had withdrawn an A4 size hardback notebook from his briefcase, and was scribbling in it, already, Rather than something posher?
The history of shopping malls is really American. Until the seventies, we didnt have malls here, said Bobby. Oddly enough, originally American Malls in the fifties used supermarkets as the anchor, and then followed up using upmarket department stores, so the first British malls were anchored with department stores, but with the decline of that sort of business, the modern malls are anchored with supermarkets again. In fact almost hypermarkets, since they dont only sell food anymore. The original use of supermarkets in America was to get regular return visits of shoppers  they needed to go food shopping, so they also shopped at the mall, making it a better day out.
Smith seemed almost disappointed to learn that the anchor here had been a carefully thought out decision.
You are, at the moment, paying the interest on the loan. I am considering a proposal, but it would have to be approved by my board, that would allow the loan to remain in place until the potential tenants agreements lapse, or the mall is completed.
Bobby crossed his fingers under the table and plunged in. All we need is a further two million to get the building finished, and for some working capital until the rent starts flowing.
It is as close as that, Mr Smith. Would the bank be willing to increase the loan?
Smith managed an incredulous expression. I dont think you expect me to answer yes?
Well I had to ask, said Bobby.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Inspector Nolan sat alone in his office. He had a few files on his desk, but was doing no work.
He had been stupid to get into a job with Murphy. He remembered when he had first met him. It was in Belfast, and Nolan was five years old, and proud to be accompanying his eldest brother to play along with his friends. James Nolans brother, Danny was ten, as were his friends, Eamonn Murphy and Bobby Bell. To be part of a gang made James, who then was known as Jimmy, feel grown up. They roamed the streets of east Belfast. It was before the troubles began. They played in the parks, pretending to be cowboys, and Murphy had made up the game of safari hunters, and they had chased cats, and if they werent too big and vicious, dogs as well. Murphy hadnt been content just to chase, either, and if he caught a cat, he would kill it, if he could. Murphy always wore dirty, ragged clothes, and often turned up soaking wet if it had been raining. It was rumoured that his mother didnt let him in the house until bedtime, whatever the weather. Maybe that had given him his mean streak. Nolan now knew, and had known since he was in his late teens, that Murphys mother had been on the game, and was entertaining a succession of customers when she wouldnt let Eamonn in the house. Murphy also had a succession of fathers, men who lived with his mother, usually only for a week or two. There was also a succession of pimps, who hung around. It was not a very good atmosphere to be growing up in.
He could be a vicious bully to boys he didnt like. Jimmy was careful to keep on the right side of him, and in that case he could be a good protector to young Jimmy. Despite Murphys faults, young Jimmy had idolised him. When Nolan was fourteen, his family had moved to Liverpool, where his dad had got a job. When Nolan was twenty-five, after a series of dead end jobs, he had entered the police force. He had heard some of Murphys exploits with the provos, from his brother who was still in Belfast and from other friends there When the troubles were over, Murphy was at a loose end, and moved to England, and settled in Nolans patch. They had met for a drink on one or two occasions, to reminisce on childhood exploits. One night, out of the blue, Murphy said: What would you do with a million, or a million and a half quid, Jimmy? That would be fine for your retirement, eh? And from then on, life had become a nightmare.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
The surveillance had started at twelve noon, and Dusty Miller had drawn first shift. He elected to go on foot, since it was a warm cloudless day. He watched from the back of the trees on the hill top where McBride had done the painting. From there apart from seeing the outbuildings at the back, he had a fairly good view of the street outside the house. He had taken the binoculars with him
He knew that when you spend six hours doing nothing, time drags. Most of the time he had spent in the army, was waiting. Only ten percent was excitement. He vowed to take a book with him the next time, but that McBride might object on the grounds that it would take his mind off the job in hand.
During his shift, he saw, briefly, Murphy pottering in the yard by the outbuildings. Other than that, nothing stirred. At six oclock, he watched McBride approach him across the field, on the public footpath.
Miller stood and stretched. Nothing to report, he said.
Good, didnt expect anything for a day or two. But we have to be prepared. Ive got the car along the road, quite a good place to spot what happens, if anything does. Keep your mobile on, because Ill call you if necessary. Until midnight, then. Dont forget, okay?
They walked back down the path together, and McBride parted to walk past Murphys house, having found a place beyond, where he had parked in a small public car park not much used outside of shopping hours.
Slumped down in the front seat of his car, in the shade of a tree, where the street lights didnt penetrate, passers-by on the street would not even notice that the car was occupied.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Murphy drove into the pub car park in his tatty old Ford Mondeo, never even bothering to lock it up, then strode over to the pub door that was open and spilling a buzz of voices into the evening air.
Having met Jim before in pubs, he strode straight into the public bar, and there the man was, a big fellow, in a plaid woollen shirt and jeans, standing at the bar with a pint half-drunk. He was talking to a group of three other men, and judging by the laughter, had just said something funny
When the laughter had finished, Murphy called his name, and Jim turned from the bar looking in the gloom for him. Murphy beckoned, and Jim said something to his mates, and then came over.
Is there somewhere we can talk? In the lounge, frinstance?
Sure, its this way. They pushed through a pair of swing doors into relative silence. The lights were on; nobody else there. The bar was part of the central common bar. Murphy went over, called for the barman who was serving in the public bar.
Give me a couple of whiskies, will yar.
Eventually the drinks were there, and Murphy paid the barman, and went over to the table with them, offered one to Jim.
No, Im drinking beer, thanks. He had brought his drink through with him. Murphy shrugged, poured one glass into the other, took a swig and sat down opposite him.
As I said on the phone, its an easy job. But its a matter of timing. I would need you on site at nine in the morning, Thursday. Youll be finished at ten thirty. Payment now in cash, one grand.
Jim looked at him, eyebrows raised. It was one hour on the phone. Now its two, including the set up time, finding the lines, chopping them and so on
Christ, you arguing over half an hour?
Wheres the job, and what do I do?
You just cut the phone lines, and tap them. When it rings, you say: Northern Bullion, how may I help you?
Jesus, youre going to rob Northern Bullion? And I only get a grand? The pigs will be crawling all over Cheshire, and everyone with a sheet will get pulled in.
Murphy pretended to look surprised. My, my, Jim, youre not known to the polis?
I need ten grand minimum, or count me out.
Too dangerous for me to let you out now, you know what I mean? Accidents happen to people who know too much about my business.
So youll pay me ten grand?
Two grand tonight. Thats all Ive got with me. The rest by the weekend, okay?
Murphy reached in his jacket pocket, pulled out two envelopes. Facetiously counted them on to the table: One, and two.
You knew Id ask for more, so you brought more.
No, the others for my bookie, but now hell have to hang on for his money.
Jim looked at Murphy across the table, not knowing whether he was joking. Okay. So Ill have to sit in the street with a handset answering the lines. Theres bound to be more than one, a company of that size.
You can fob off most of the calls. Tell them theres a hitch with the phones, and that youve got people working on the problem, pretend to take down their numbers, or ask them to email.
The call youve got to answer, if you lose the others, is Secure Express. Theyll phone about half past nine, maybe a bit later. Theyll tell you that they cant pick up the cargo today, due to a van problem. Will tomorrow be okay? You tell him yes, youll reschedule the flights, need them same time on Friday. Understand?
I can guess the rest, but I wont say. Jim forced a smile. I can leave as soon as that calls come in?
Sure can. Youll be well clear of the area before anyones the wiser, assured Murphy. But you know what happens to people who let me down. Theyre not around to do it twice.
Murphy stood up, pushing the chair back as he did so, swigging the rest of his double whisky and striding out of the pub without another word.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
McBride, out in the car park, his car close to the entrance, saw Murphy walk out of the pub. He had been inside less than half an hour. He had an uneasy feeling that he might be a decoy, and the real business had started elsewhere. But he was committed now. He hadnt told Miller where he was. No need to disturb him yet. He had looked at his laptop while Murphy was in the pub. The van, according to the bug, was still at Murphys home unless Murphy had discovered it, and left it on but removed from the van. Unlikely, McBride thought, he guessed the van was not being used yet, Murphy still fixing up the job.
He watched Murphy sweep out of the car park, and go back the way he had come. Miller had to assume he was returning home, and he needed to look in the pub.
McBride went through the door Murphy had used, found himself in the public saloon. He walked to the bar, waited to order. There was a group of four men further down the bar talking in loud voices, swilling pints. The tall man in the checked shirt, called the barman, who was about to serve McBride. The barman turned back. Better to look after a regular, rather than some stray newcomer.
Pints all round, said checkshirt, pulling an envelope from his pocket, and extracting a twenty. Judging from the thickness of the envelope McBride judged there might be a grand or more inside it. He tuned into the conversation. The rest were ribbing the guy who had bought the drinks. That was a good job you just fixed up, then, said one, and another, Got money to burn now then. Checkshirt grew angry. Cut it out.
Miller turned away from the bar when he had his drink, sat at a table next to one with a sole pensioner, pint in front of him.
Noisy crowd at the bar, McBride observed.
Often in here, said the pensioner. Got money, the kids these days. Dont always earn it honestly, especially the ones who do technical things, like computers and such.
McBride smiled to himself. Kids  these guys by the bar were all in their thirties, at least. They were hardly youngsters, except from a pensioners viewpoint.
Does the man whos just bought the drinks, do technical things?
Telephones. Got his own company he says. Called Manchester Tele something Means telephones, anyways. Lots of new words made up, to sound posh. We didnt need new names, in our days. He started rambling: Do you know how much this pint is? More than a weeks wages, when I started work. Disgusting.
McBride drank the remainder of his own pint. Cheerio, he said taking his glass to put on the bar. He said to the barman, Give the old man another drink. He put some coins on the counter.
On the drive home, he had an idea that might narrow down the target of Murphys criminality. He would search tonight on his computer. When he returned to the small car park, his watch base, it was still only half past nine.
Having made sure that nothing else was happening at Murphys house, he powered up his laptop, and googled Secure Express. He clicked on their website. There were boastful claims of a fast growing reliable business, with vans being linked at all times with the headquarters, and tracked constantly by GPS, monitored by specialists. There was a section called recommendations. Another word for the section might have been testimonials. He clicked on the button. This was what he was looking for. A list of customers, neatly broken down by area. He scrolled to Northwest and there was a list of thirty or so companies, each with a line of testimonial, such as have used Secure Express for ten years with complete confidence and other quotes in similar vein. There was a company called Northern Bullion on an industrial park not far out of Manchester. Everything else in fifty miles didnt seem to involve easily fenced products, although he could be completely wrong.
McBride closed the website and googled a map of the area, so that he could work out a likely route between Secures base and Northern Bullion He was engrossed in this task, when there was a tap on the window. Miller was outside, grinning down at him. He opened the door, climbed into the front passenger seat. This is what you call surveillance?
Careless, I should have seen you coming, even though you are the spirit of the night, and a mercenary of high skill. Baden-Powell would have been proud of you. Anyway, I was just working out what Murphys target might be.
And?
Northern Bullion. Its one of Secure Express largest customers in the area. It seems to offer easily exchangeable products. Dont suppose Murphy would want a load of microchips, for instance.
Murphy could fence most things through ex-members of the IRA. I always expected that he would head over to Ireland if he gets away with a haul. Still, it doesnt harm to investigate likely targets.
McBride said: Oh, tonight Murphy was out, and I followed him. He met with a man at a pub, retained him for some telecoms work. He ran through what he had learned.
Miller said, He needs to intercept any calls from Secure Express when he knocks out their van. If you leave me your car, Ill take over. Its a nice night for a walk. See you at 6am.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Nothing happened during Millers shift, but when McBride took his next turn, he saw a taxi turn into Murphys yard. It was an airport cab, with two passengers in the back.
Obviously reinforcements, thought McBride, so we cant be far away now. As Miller had guessed.
Nothing more happened on McBrides shift nor on Millers next shift, but McBride had no longer, settled down at six oclock that evening, than Murphys old car came sailing out of his driveway, and McBride could clearly see that he had two passengers. He couldnt not follow them. It was difficult in full daylight, but he had an advantage, he guessed in which direction they were heading. Sure enough they headed south west, over the motorway on a B-road. McBride was so over-confident that he almost lost them. The Mondeo took a left, which luckily, McBride saw because the road was straight. Murphy was going further south than McBride expected. In a mile or so, Murphy took a right, followed by another left a mile or so further. This was a narrow lane, with passing places. As traffic was very sparse, McBride had to drop even further back A mile or two on, there was a cross roads with a halt sign. Murphy paused momentarily, then signalled right. When McBride, took the same right handed turn on to the major road, he was shocked to see Murphy walking towards him with his two passengers. McBride quickly recovered from his surprise and pretended to ignore them, completing his manoeuvre, and driving off. He looked into his rear view mirror. The three men had vanished into the road he had just left. McBride immediately saw Murphys Mondeo, which was parked front into a gated farm track. Within a few hundred feet, McBride was able to leave his car in a lay by. He jogged back down the road, slowing as he approached the junction, fearful that Murphy and his men might emerge from the lane. McBride was afraid to turn into the lane, not knowing whether Murphy and his men might still be just round the corner, perhaps even waiting for him. If they were, and had guns, he had no chance. He weighed up the terrain. At the nearside of the lane was a small copse, which looked as though it might give him cover. It was surrounded by a low fence. He found it easy to climb. He ran across the copse, crouching low. Now he could see the lane, and see up it maybe a hundred feet. No sign of Murphy. The copse actually ran along the lane for a fair way, so McBride followed it, keeping several trees between himself and the road. The copse ended about four hundred yards along, but the land was rising now, the road running in a narrow valley. The light was going, and if he crawled on the grassy bank, McBride reckoned he would be next to invisible from the lane. He crawled for another hundred yards, and heard Murphys voice, and the excitable chatter of his companions. Cautiously raising his head he saw all three on the grass verge, examining a rivulet, which apparently ran in a pipe under the road. One of the men crossed over to check, and called out. Yes. That will do. They turned, and started back the way they had come. McBride turned on his back and lay on the grass feeling relieved that he had not been seen.
After a few minutes to let Murphy get clear, he went back, not on the road, but through the copse. There was no sense in taking chances. Just before he reached the cross roads, he saw Murphys car shoot past.
When McBride reached his car, he dug a road atlas out of the seatback pocket, switched on the interior light, and found where he was situated. The B road he was on, would eventually join an A road, and eventually the trading estate, home of Northern Bullion, could be accessed. Finding the position of the Secure Express premises, he saw that travel along this quiet B road was the logical route to reach Northern Bullion. Whether this had been researched by observation on previous occasions by Murphy, McBride didnt know, but guessed it probably was.
When Miller came on duty at midnight, McBride told him the news.
Its either tomorrow, or Friday, speculated Miller. McBride had to agree.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
The sound of his mobile ringing woke up McBride. He opened his eyes, at first not knowing where he was. He sat up in bed, Helen was beside him, and the phone was on her bedside table. He reached across, trying not to disturb her, pressed the answer tab. It was Miller.
Have you overslept, John? Its nearly seven, and the actions started. Meet me down here, in your car, quick as you can. If Im not here, Im following the van.
Putting the now silent phone on his side table, McBride leapt out of bed and dressed hurriedly.
Whats happening? said Helen sleepily.
Action at last in the Murphy case, we hope. I should have met Dusty Miller at six, and now its seven. Got to dash. Ill phone you, or meet you tonight. He kissed her, and ran out of the door.

Miller was standing outside his car, which was parked in the usual car park. Sorry I slept in, said McBride. Whats happening?
Miller pointed. That old pickup has come down to the bottom of the driveway, presumably so they can get the Secure Express van ready in the yard.
McBride was surprised The back of the pickup was loaded with traffic cones, and fence posts, boards too. Or they could be notice boards. While they watched, two men climbed into the pickup, and it pulled on to the road, driving off away from McBride.
Gone to trap the real secure Express van, I reckon, said Miller.
If I go a different route from last night, I reckon I can maybe forestall them, said McBride.
If you do, be careful, they may well be armed.
Okay, and youll follow the Secure Express van with Murphy in it, and I can catch up with you at Northern Bullion?
Keep your mobile handy. Anything can happen, and we dont want to lose Murphy. McBride got back in his car, and drove off fast.
He knew another route to enter the B road before the junction that Murphy and his boys were looking at last night. Trouble was that he would have to drive fast to cover the extra miles that this route comprised. Traffic was light, but McBride reflected that this would also help the Murphy boys as well, although he should be able to maintain a faster average in his car.
In the event, McBride arrived at the junction and the pickup was already there, and the men were unloading traffic cones. They waved him on, so McBride had to proceed, although he pulled into the same lay by that he had used the previous night. He was extremely surprised that the men were putting cones across the minor road, together with a large sign saying road closed and an arrow pointing the way he had gone, as a diversionary route.
He sat in his car for a moment, confusion showing in his inaction. But there was little time to lose. He opened the door, got out of the car and jogged across the road. His plan was to go through the copse as he had done yesterday. He scrambled upwards through the trees, the ground damp from rain last night, the pungent smell of leaf humus. The sky was light blue, not a cloud in the sky. He descended towards the side road, and reached the verge, perhaps a hundred yards from the junction.
He stood there for a moment, hearing the sound of traffic cones scraping on the tarmac. He could see Murphys men working busily. Now they had moved cones to block the B road, and opened the left hand side of the lane. Next, they waved their arms to direct a vehicle towards him.
With a start he realised it was a Secure Express van, sparkling white in the sunshine, accelerating towards him. In the moment he had before the vehicle was on him, his brain worked overtime, calculating, no, guessing which vehicle this could be. Was it genuine, or Murphys?
He made the decision, ran into the road, flagged with his hands for it to stop. The driver stared at him and accelerated. Just before the vehicle was about to hit him, McBride hurled himself back onto the verge, tripped and was thrown flat with his own acceleration.
Almost immediately, there was an explosion. He realised he was deaf, could hear nothing but the blood surging in his ears, and a gale of air throwing debris, twigs and dust towards him. He lifted his face in time to see the Secure Express van thrown into the air on a pillar of flame, tumbling back again on to the road, bouncing twice before coming to rest on its wheels. The van was on fire, tyres burning furiously. As he watched, there was another explosion, blasting heat waves towards him.
The back of the van bulged, and a long tear appeared in the metal. Instead of white, the van was a charred greyish brown. A trickle of steaming water headed towards him.
McBride, dazed, struggled to stand up, brushing leaves and dust from his hair. The van was still burning, but with less flames. Black smoke rose into the still air, and there was no sound of birdsong.
McBride knew that the men inside could not have survived, but was still going to find out for sure, if he could get close enough. The heat, even when he was a couple of feet from the van, drove him back, and he had to admit defeat.
Suddenly panicking, he swung round to look up to the road junction for Murphys men. But no-one was in view. The cones were scattered, some on their sides, presumably moved by the blast.
Carefully, feeling aches in every bone he walked to the junction. To the right, on the B road, there were more cones, mostly on the edge of the road, and a sign still in middle of the tarmac, ROAD CLOSED use diversion in white on a red background. Of Murphys pick up and the men, there was no sign.
McBride realised that the police must have been alerted, either by the explosion, or informed by Express Secure that their van had vanished. If McBride was still around when the police arrived, he would be pulled in for questioning, and could be detained all day.
CHAPTER NINETEEN
The communications room at Secure Express housed eight computer screens. It was a long low room, no widows. There were three men scanning the screens, one, the supervisor, whose sole job it was, and always two relief drivers. The screens each showed GPS maps, one for each van, the van number on the top of the screen. There were phones by each screen, and radio phones, too. That made three ways each van was in touch with base. If there was going to be trouble, and that was very, very rarely, it was when a van was loaded, and someone tried to hijack it for the contents. If the GPS contact was lost, the computer gave an audible alarm.
At 9.34a.m on Thursday morning, the men in the communications room were sipping their first coffee of the day, and discussing last nights football match.
The audible warning startled them, and each scanned their bank of computers.
Number three down, super! shouted one of the drivers. He picked up the phone, speed dialled the vans mobile number. The call failed to connect. A call by radiophone also failed.
The supervisor was worried. Do you have the last position on screen? he called. Already he had his phone in his hand, dialling the number to their police contact. First he gave the van details, registration number, then the last known latitude and longitude.
B1293, it is on screen here, at a junction, C road, on the right heading south west. In fact they werent on the B1293, but about 150 yards up the unclassified lane. That was an unauthorised detour.
Just a moment, said the traffic policeman, weve got another message in, explosion in that vicinity. Weve a car in the area. Just hold on The supervisor could hear the policeman talking to somebody else. Bad explosion, IED, looks like. Its your van, doesnt look as though there are survivors. Well phone back shortly when weve got more details. What was the cargo? It doesnt look as though anyone has had time to get into the vehicle.
Thats whats surprising, it was empty  going to a pick up.
Where was it going?
Northern Bullion.
Weve got a police presence scheduled there.
Ill phone Northern and reschedule.
Ill get someone round to your office when weve sorted it out
The supervisor put the phone down, looked up the number for Northern Bullion, asked for despatch supervisor.
Speaking, said Jim, to the surprise of the Secure Express man. He told him about rescheduling for the next day, and Jim readily agreed that would be okay. The supervisor was puzzled. Northern Bullion usually went ballistic if any changes were suggested.
CHAPTER TWENTY
Northern Bullion was on the edge of the modern industrial estate. It was modern, but not so modern that there was sufficient car parking space for all the employees. Each road was chock-a-block with vehicles on both sides of the estate roads. Northern Bullion itself was housed in a classy low brick building, single storey, with slate roof. Low, because they didnt need cranes inside to lift the goods. Everything was moved by forklift trucks, on pallets. In the front was a deep tarmac yard, staff cars parked off to the left. There was plenty of space to the centre and right for trucks to swing round, and then reverse to the main shutter door. For extra security there were a row of steel pillars in front of the doors, so that no-one could use a vehicle as a battering ram on them to gain access. When a collection was ready, the steel posts sank into the ground, actuated from inside the building. Further steel posts all round the building remained immovable
Inspector Nolan parked his Vauxhall Vectra in front of the offices, where there were three marked out rectangles, each labelled visitor. His car was painted in blue and yellow squares, with the word police on the rear panel, and also across the bonnet. He was angled so that he could look through the offside mirror to the yard entrance. There was a tic in his cheek, his normal showing of nerves, His fingers drummed on the steering wheel, until he became aware of what he was doing, and forced his hand on to his lap. He was dressed in uniform, his cap on the front passenger seat, to be picked up and worn when he left the car.
At a couple of minutes before ten, the Secure Express van turned into the yard. It looked so smart, and was driven so decorously, that for one awful moment Inspector Nolan thought it might be the genuine article. As it got closer, he saw Murphy driving and OConnor in the passenger seat. Both looked smart, white collars, and ties neatly centred and knotted. Nolans heart lifted. Maybe it would all go off without incident, and get him off the hook.
The van executed a clockwise circle, and reversed up to the posts in front of the roller doors.
Both men opened their van doors, got out and walked towards the office. Nolan got out of the police car, put on his uniform cap, and fell in behind them. Murphy was holding the paperwork that Nolan had given him a couple of days before.
The door opened inwards, and they all stepped into a fair size carpeted lobby, a counter to keep the customers out of the back office. Behind the counter which was chest height, stood a burly man, himself in uniform. Some sort of security, Nolan reckoned. Behind the man a couple of cubicles, glazed from waist height up to head height, open ended towards the main counter. Two young women studied computers, never looked up.
The security man obviously recognised Murphys uniform. You here to collect the consignment of platinum for Manchester Airport? he asked. Murphy nodded, thought: easier than he expected. He stopped being nervous.
Yes, got the papers here. Put them on the counter. Nolan stood to one side, still wearing his hat, hands joined behind him. Standing at ease. OConnor was on Murphys right.
The security man looked at their neck tags.
What is the password? That always put them in a panic, on their first visit. The security guy loved his practical jokes. This was going to be the last one, as he soon found out.
Password, repeated Murphy, swung round to Nolan, who looked back without emotion.
Murphy saw no help from him.
Fuck you, said Murphy, pulled out a gun and shot the security man in the chest. He went down forward to hang over the counter, his breath, rasping.
Just a minute, said Nolan, incredulous, seeing everything evaporate, his career, his life. Yes, very likely his life.
Murphy turned to him, the pistol in his hand. Sorry mate, and shot Nolan in the head. Across the room, behind the counter, the women on the computers had turned and were
staring at Murphy, open mouthed, faces white.
Murphy beckoned the elder one by waving his gun at her. Come over here a minute, he called. The woman just sat there like a statue. Come on, Im not going to shoot you.
Slowly she got to her feet and took a few paces toward the counter.
Good, said Murphy. Now, my friend here, he nodded at OConnor, wants to get behind the counter. How does he get there?
Still mute she pointed at a door on Murphys side of the counter, on the right hand wall.
And that connects with that door? Murphy pointed at a door immediately behind the counter. The girl nodded.
Okay, Murphy said to OConnor, take these. He reached into his jacket, pulled out a dozen long cable ties, put them on the counter in front of him. Tie their hands behind them, and their feet as well. OConnor, opened the door, went through. A moment later, he re-appeared on the other side.
Now young lady, continued Murphy, how many people are there in the building besides you lot here?
Three. Theyre in the loading bay.
Can you speak to them on the internal phone? asked Murphy. The girl nodded. Well, hurry up, get one of them on the phone, and ask all of them to come straight here. Chop, chop.
The girl returned to her desk picked up the phone, pressed an extension number, said: Can all three of you come into the office now?
The tension mounted while they waited. OConnor motioned to the first girl to stand up and turn round. He crossed her arms behind her, said, Stay still, threaded a cable tie, and pulled it tight.
As he was performing the operation, the door OConnor had used opened again and three men in smart overalls came in. Murphy shouted, Dont move!
They looked at Murphy, saw the gun he was waving at them, took in the body slumped on the counter, although they couldnt see the body of Inspector Nolan from where they were standing.
Murphy said, None of you will get hurt if you do as I say. You can see that Im not afraid to use the gun. All I want you to do, you men, is to get the van loaded with the platinum. Heres the note. He held the document out, and one of the men took it. The vans outside."
Just get it loaded up, well go on our way, and everything will be hunky dory.
He gestured at OConnor, who had now tied up both women. Get your gun out and cover them for a moment, while I get to your side.
When OConnor had his own gun on the three, Murphy went through the door on his side, re-appeared in the other door, gesturing with his gun at the three men, stood to one side, said, Come on guys, lead the way, and Ill follow, with my finger on the trigger. They emerged from the corridor adjacent to the office on to the storeroom floor.
Murphy could see that they already had a forklift waiting behind the shutter door, its forks in a pallet stacked with small wooden cases.
One of the men peeled away to open the doors, pressing a button on a plate on the wall. As the shutter slowly rose, at the same time the protective posts began to sink into the ground.
Murphy tossed a set of keys to the guy operating the door.
Open the van! he ordered. Start loading. One man used the keys to open the van, and then handed the keys back to Murphy. Another of the other men jumped on to the forklift.
The van doors open, he expertly drove the forklift, depositing the pallet neatly on the van floor, without touching the sides. He backed the truck forks clear of the van, back through the shutter doors. Without slowing down, he spun the steering wheel and the truck arced round, the rear end catching OConnor, and throwing him back into the corner by the doors. Murphy was too quick and leaped outside as he realised what was happening, stumbling in his haste to get out of range of the forklift.
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
As he drove, McBride telephoned Miller.
Dusty, Im just heading for Northern Bullion. Is that where you are?
Yes, Murphys inside, Just arrived there a minute ago. The police cars outside, too.
Nolan was in it, hes gone in with Murphy and his sidekick. Im parked down Severn Road. There are one or two parking spaces left. How long will you be?
I think about seven or eight minutes.
I wont move until youve got here. The bugs still on the van.
The Secure van was blown up, you know. No survivors, as near as I could get. It was still on fire.
McBride swept down Severn Road, and nearly shot past Millers car, saw him at the last minute, and managed to pull into a space one behind. He jumped out of his car, wrenched Millers passenger door open, and climbed in.
Miller grinned at him. Theyve been in there seven and one half minutes already. Think maybe somethings wrong. The doors not been opened yet to load the van. What do you think we should do?
Creep up, and prepare to enter ourselves. Trouble is, there could be shooting.
They both got out of Millers car, and walked across the road. The estate was quiet, as estates always are during working hours. They walked along the pavement up to the entrance. The shutter doors had opened as they were leaving the car. Now they could see a forklift, putting a pallet in the van. They saw it reverse suddenly, and Murphy leap from the doorway. He looked round, saw them and immediately jumped into the van, and took off past them skidding violently as he pulled the van round the corner to leave the estate. He obviously recognised McBride.
Since they couldnt chase Murphy on foot, both men ran to the shutter door, still open and the forklift skewed in the entrance. As they approached, two men in overalls looked out.
Everything okay? shouted McBride
Hardly. Theyve killed some staff. But we caught one.
McBride and Miller came up to the forklift. One of the men pointed. OConnor was trapped in the corner by the rear of the forklift, unable to escape. McBride quickly looked at the floor. About ten feet away was a pistol lying on the ground, maybe knocked out of OConnors hand when the truck struck. McBride ran over and picked it up.
Where is everybody? said Miller to the two men. Well theres Jack on the floor just here. He got hit when I reversed the fork lift, I was after the robber and didnt see Jack standing there. He was in the internal doorway from the office. Miller bent down and examined him. Hell be okay, just knocked out. In fact, hes coming round now. One of you phone 999 and get the police and ambulance.
One of the men said, The phone lines are down. Miller tossed him his mobile. Use this, he said and followed McBride, who had gone outside and was running to the office entrance.
They pulled open the office door. Inspector Nolan, was stretched out on the floor, face up. Very little blood, but a terrible exit wound spilling out around his head. McBride stood up. Miller was examining the body slumped over the counter. Dead, he said. There was a pool of blood spreading across the countertop. McBride glanced across the counter. The two girls looked at him.
One of them spoke. Were tied up. Can you help us?
Miller immediately hauled himself with agility up and over the counter, and pulling out a penknife, cut through the cable ties binding the girls. He retreated the same way, over the counter.
We should be on our way, or the police will get here, and detain us.
Yes, said Miller, leading the way through the office door, and running through the roller shutter door to retrieve his mobile from the store man. McBride gave him the gun hed picked up off the floor. Keep it trained on that guy youve got, until the police arrive.
Lets take one car, said McBride. Mine.
Miller pulled his laptop from his car, locked up and joined McBride. He opened the laptop, searching for the GPS signal.
Hes got a big lead on us, said Miller, but you can see hes heading towards Liverpool, Id guess. Presumably, to pick up the Belfast ferry, do you think?
Could be, but he can hardly drive on in a van with Secure Express on it. And with a labelled load of valuables that arent his. Surely the police will be putting the news about, in what, a couple of hours, maximum?
Yes, it can hardly take them long to piece it together, and with bodies, too. Especially with a policeman down.
They carried on through heavy traffic, and it seemed to Miller that the vans lead was increasing. He suddenly realised it was not on the same route that they were.
John, the vans shifted route. The light winked out. Shit, weve lost them. No signal.
Theyve discovered the bug?
Maybe, but that doesnt help us. Best thing we can do is drive to where they signalled last.
You know the spot?
Not exactly, but I know the approximate location.
Neither man spoke for a few miles. They were making better progress, as the traffic thinned.
After thirty more miles, Miller said, Were about as close as we can be without taking a detour. How about pulling in somewhere, and waiting?
It couldnt harm. I know that the next ferry out of Liverpool to Belfast isnt until six tonight. If the worst comes to the worst, we can catch that.
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
Lefty was driving the pickup. The load area was empty. They hadnt collected up any of the road works equipment, just beat a hasty departure. Ned was in the passenger seat, clutching a dirt smeared piece of paper, which had been given to him early today, before theyd driven away from Murphys house. On it were the directions they had to go with the pick-up. They also had a key. From the barn they were to assemble, in the yard in front, a selection of tatty antique furniture, especially four old blanket chests which were just inside the door. By this time, Murphy would have arrived, ready to issue further instructions.
After two wrong turns they arrived at the old farmhouse, with its ragtag of buildings scattered over an acre of mud yard.
Number twelve, he said, muttered Ned.
Its here, said Lefty pulling up near a pair of barn doors with a hefty padlock securing them.
They undid the padlock, pulled open the doors. There was a switch on the wall, working a large overhead bulb in a huge metal shade. There was a central aisle, about seven or eight feet wide, and piles of antique furniture built to dizzying height on either side, extending to the walls on each side. At the front of the aisle, four old blanket boxes lay on the earth floor.
Pull those out into the yard, for a start, said Lefty. Then he tackled a pile on the left aisle, pulled out three Windsor chairs, a toilet stand, complete with basin, several more dining chairs, and a couple of occasional tables. He emerged into the sunlight.
Get that furniture Ive sorted, put it in a pile with the boxes. Then Lefty sat down in the dust of the yard, and took from his pocket a cigarette packet. He had been up for most of the previous night, and he felt his eyes closing involuntarily, in the sunlight. Ned, busied himself, and when he had a pile of furniture in the yard, joined Lefty, leaning against the barn wall.
The sound of a motor screaming at full speed in low gear woke them to see the white van with the Secure Express signs tear into the yard and pull up in a swirl of dust. The door opened, and Murphy tumbled out in haste. Quick he shouted, It all went to fuck.
OConnors been caught, and the pressures on. Im not moving the van now, well back it into the barn. Next, you two get the signs off the sides and the back.
He dashed inside the barn, came out with a sheaf of plastic. Put these signs on, one each side. Then burn the old signs, theyll burn well, Im telling ya.
The three of them worked quickly. The original signs came off easily, because Murphy had been sure not to press the adhesive too severely. When the old signs had been completely removed, Murphy showed the others where he wanted the new signs, which said: Cheshire Antiques, in red lettering.
Then they scrunched up the old vinyl signs, and Murphy used his petrol lighter, and they burned quickly to a sticky ash.
Just take the ashes, and spread them round the back in the trees, he ordered. Meanwhile, he got back into the van, and reversed down the central aisle of his lock up, as far back as he could get it. Finally, he threw an old dustsheet over it.
Then he remembered the plates. He rummaged in the barn until he found the original registration plates, and Lefty and Ned replaced them. He went out again and round the back, and using the plates as shovels, dug a hole that would hide them. He scraped the earth back into the hole with his hands, trampling on the new soil to tamp it down. He scattered dead leaves over the freshly turned soil.
Murphy returned to find that his men were lounging by the pickup awaiting instructions.
Come on, you lazy sods, get all this furniture loaded on to the pick-up, tie it down, and were going. Ill treat you to a trip back to Belfast by boat. But youll take the pick-up with the furniture. You know Antique Jack? Leave the whole lot with him, and Ill pick the truck up some time. Tell him he can use it return for housing it, and Ill expect him to pay me for contents. Theres a cabin booked for two on the ferry which leaves at ten oclock tonight. So youll have time for a drink in Liverpool. But I need a lift with you. To a friends house, hell put me up tonight, out of harms way. Come on, were going. Give me the barn keys.
He held out his hand, and used the key to fasten the padlock.

McBride had parked his car in a lay by of suburban shops. A kebab takeaway, closed during the day, McBride assumed, a chippy, closed too. Miller was in the passenger seat, asleep after his night on surveillance. McBride was outside the car, leaning on the rear, surveying the traffic heading for Liverpool. His eyes ached from looking for white vans. Theres never any when youre looking for them. Trucks and buses, yes, even Transit pick-ups. Like this one approaching. The one leaving Murphys house early this morning, and seen again at the road works, before the explosion. McBride could hardly believe his luck.
The traffic was one slow snarl up, so McBride had time to look through the windscreen at the occupants as the pick-up came towards him. The two mock roadmen, and there was Murphy, on the left hand side seat, who caught McBrides eye as he passed.
McBride climbed back into his car, and forced his way into the traffic stream, amid angry horns blowing. The sound of hooting, and the movement of the car woke Dusty Miller, who rubbed his eyes.
Whats happening?
Murphy and friends just went by in the Transit pick up, said McBride. The platform was full of tatty furniture, quasi-antique. And, wait for it, at least four large blanket chests. What do you think is in them?
Bullion, youre hoping?
Well see, said McBride.
They followed the pick-up, three or four vehicles back, all the way through the centre of Liverpool, then lost it.
Never mind, said Miller, theyll be on the Liverpool to Belfast ferry tonight. Thats the only reason theyre here. Hardly likely theyd hack all the way to Stranraer. God, have you ever been there? It takes like for ever.
And they wont be going to Holyhead. Theyve been coming the wrong way. I have to agree. You think its worth going back to the hotel?
Miller looked at his watch. Well, its two oclock now, and it would be about two hours back, and then what? Why dont we eat here, and do some sightseeing, or shopping, if that grabs you.

The pick-up was out in the suburbs now. Murphy said to Lefty, You can drop me here. Just pull into the side.
Murphy got out, made to step away, then turned round to the pick-up, stuck his head through the open window.
Just thought you ought to know its called the Liverpool to Belfast ferry, but it leaves from Birkenhead, that is through the Mersey tunnel, and then follow the signs. Theres also a map on the tickets I gave you. Suppose they dont call it Birkenhead to Belfast ferry, cos no- one would know where it was.
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
McBrides car rolled into the ferry terminal at seven thirty that evening. Not only had they lunched, but also had early dinner.
They parked the car, and went into the terminal, bought foot passenger tickets, and a couple of cabins. It was still early when they got outside the terminal. There was a coach to the ferry for the foot passengers. Some cars were already arriving to board.
Do you think well be able to see the cars embarking from inside the ferry?
Pretty sure to, replied McBride. But if we dont see Murphys truck actually going aboard, well be in Belfast, and Murphy might be anywhere.
They decided to walk to the boat, since they had lots of time to kill. It was not a pleasurable walk; dreary desolate, post-industrial scenery.
They stood by the bus terminus, and watched vehicles coming up the road to the waiting area for boarding.
They waited for an hour, and then spotted the pick-up with its load of scrap furniture take its place in line.
Okay, lets go on board, said McBride.
If I can get a good signal, its time to contact the Belfast police, said Miller, when they had arrived in the lounge. He fiddled with his phone, moved over to the window, and was soon engaged in animated conversation.
From the look on his face, the phone call had gone well. My old mates a super, now. Hes arranging a quayside welcome, about a dozen coppers, at least five cars. Theyll pull that truck to pieces. Theyre also interested in talking to Murphy. The medias full of this mornings heist, and Murphys names been mentioned.
McBride looked around the lounge. There was a television set, not yet switched on. He walked over to the bar, where barman was listlessly setting up.
Can we have a news channel on? he said, gesturing towards the large screen. The barman moved across the bar, and the screen lit up.
Miller came over to join McBride.
said the Cheshire constabulary this evening. It appears that the robbery at Northern Bullion involved a consignment of platinum, worth in the region of eleven million pounds, although it would probably only fetch half that when fenced, or even less. The main use for platinum is as a catalyst, and is used in exhaust systems of every petrol vehicle. A smaller amount is used for jewellery. The robbery involved the death of four people, two in the blowing up of the security van as it was en route to Northern Bullion. The fake security van then made the scheduled visit to pick up the consignment. A police inspector was in attendance at the time. This was an insurance requirement, we understand. Usually a constable attended, but not on this occasion. The inspector was shot dead with a bullet to the head, and the security guard was shot in the chest, and died almost immediately. One of the gang was captured at the scene by stores men. He is still being interrogated tonight. This is the largest robbery to take place since the bullion theft at Heathrow in the eighties.
Other news now
Higher value than I expected, said McBride. Murphy really went for the big one to retire on.

The ship had now finished loading vehicles, and the lounge area was more than half full, a few people waiting for the bar to open. They found a table, and eventually got a drink.
Its spot the criminal time, said Miller. Youve more chance, because youve seen the two who blew the van.
McBride started to systematically scan the crowd. More people were entering, and someone shouted, Lefty and started waving, standing in the doorway. People looked over, including McBride, who was one of the few people who recognised the man. Over at a small table by the window, there came a shout Ned, over here.
Those are the boys, McBride said.
So wheres Murphy? said Miller. He could be in his cabin, of course. Under his circumstances, I might do that. Can only be a few hours at most, before his face is going to be on television. He was seen by a lot of people at Northern Bullion.
Trouble is, we dont know what cabin hes in.
Whoa, John, Im not getting into a gun battle on this boat. Civilians will end up getting killed. The mans ruthless.
McBride was quiet for a few moments, the said, Stay here, Ill be back in a few minutes.
He made his way through the now crowded room, and into the large lobby by the stairs, which displayed a sign that said Reception over a low counter manned by three women:
John decided his officer voice might produce results. He had long ago found that if you speak with an upper class accent, people accepted that you could be trusted. Hence the millions of scams pulled by toffs. He joined a queue of two people, and almost immediately one of the girls said: Can I help you, sir?
McBride gave her a warm smile. Ive got a small problem, actually. I was due to meet a colleague on this sailing. Were attending a meeting in Belfast in the morning. Unfortunately, I cant find him. Is it possible to check whether he boarded?
Were not supposed to reveal passenger lists, sir but I suppose this cant harm. What name was it?
Mr Murphy, initial E. He gave her another friendly smile.
She busied herself with the computer screen. Mr Murphy. Yes there was a booking tonight, but it was cancelled this afternoon, together with a Mr OConnor. She continued to inspect the screen for a few moments. The tickets were transferred to the names of Brown and Peterson, Mr Murphys colleagues. Perhaps you know them? Theyve certainly boarded. But they have cabins, so they might be there. I cant help you any further, Im afraid. We dont disclose cabin numbers.
Youve been more than helpful. A goodnight to you
McBride sat down at Millers table. We have a problem. Murphys not on board. Youre joking!
No. The original booking was in the names of Murphy and OConnor. It was changed this afternoon. The clowns over there were booked instead. He pointed surreptitiously.
But Murphy was in the pick up this afternoon. You saw him. So he must still be in Liverpool. Shit! Christ, weve pulled out a police parade on the quayside.
Yes, said McBride, but the bullion might still be in the truck, look on the bright side. Perhaps Murphys on his way by other means, and meeting up with the boys in Belfast.
Would you trust eleven million quid with those guys?
There is that, said McBride.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
Despite Millers fears, he slept well. Hed been awake most of the previous night. At five thirty there was a general morning call on the ships speaker system, gratingly cheerful. Miller hurled a boot in the general direction of the wall-mounted device. Instructions followed about times of breakfast, and arrangements for disembarkation, admission to the car deck, all spoken in the same cheerful manner. Miller refrained from throwing his other boot. He showered and dressed in the clothes hed worn yesterday. Theyd brought no luggage.
He walked into the restaurant, and immediately spotted McBride, who was queuing for coffee. He looked towards the large picture windows and saw that they were already in Belfast Lough, the ship barely moving now, dawdling along. Whilst looking out of the window, he saw a table with Lefty and his pal sitting there. Two of the chairs were vacant. He nudged McBride, and they walked over, carrying their coffees.
McBride said, Hello there, chaps, Im sure you wont mind us sharing your table. Lovely view, isnt it? And it is such a lovely day again.
Lefty scowled at him.
The ship began a lazy turn, so that the shoreline moved past them like a movie camera pan. McBride could see the quayside coming into view now, the Stranraer boat not yet set off. That was why their ship was waiting. Then McBride spotted the police cars, and police in their yellow shiny jackets, lounging around in the sun, gossiping to each other it seemed from here, up on the ship.
Oh, look Lefty, your fan club is waiting. Probably give you a lift into Belfast, eh? Leftys eyes looked where McBride was pointing. Miller chuckled, but Lefty began to
fidget, and then stood up. What the fucks happening, he shouted, and Ned just looked on blankly. He seemed to live in a world of his own. Several diners turned to look, disturbed by the profanity.
Lefty pushed his chair away from the table. Im not going to land there, if thats what they think. He rushed to the door of the restaurant, chased now by McBride and Miller, with Ned trailing behind. Once out of the restaurant, Lefty dashed through the lobby, pushing people aside, and made for the stairs to the next deck. He took the steps two at a time, and pushed through the doors on to the deck. McBride was closest and grabbed him by the arm.
Lefty, calm down. Theres nowhere to go.
He turned on McBride: Leave me, Ill kill myself rather than go to prison. He dashed over to the deck railings, clambered on to the top rail and without pause, launched himself into space.
McBride was already peeling off his jacket, slipping out of his shoes as he looked over the rails. Maybe forty feet below Lefty hit the sea with a tremendous splash, and the sounds of his scream could be clearly heard. Then he began thrashing around, clearly unable to swim. McBride waited no longer. He couldnt leave a drowning man. Thrusting his jacket at Miller, he said, Chuck a lifebelt in and dial 999. Then he was climbing over the rail and making the highest dive of his life. He knew that he would dive deep and prepared for it mentally.
He cut cleanly through the surface, and down until he thought he would never come up again, and then he could see brighter light as he eventually did come up and then broke the surface, gulping air into his lungs.
Lefty was less than ten yards away, still fighting to stay afloat. Quickly McBride swam over, and from behind, grabbed him under his arms. Steady on, dont fight it, Ive got you. I wont let you sink. He heard the lifebelt hit the water close by, and dragging Lefty, he swam backwards until he could grab it. Immediately his buoyancy improved, and he grappled to get it over Leftys head. Automatically, Lefty brought his hands up to grasp the belt, and McBride let go of him, hanging on to the belt itself, to make sure it didnt drift away from him.
He looked round, and saw the looming ship only twenty or so yards away. He also saw that the ship had stopped engines, and was lying motionless. What had looked a calm sea from forty feet up, was, at sea level, distinctly choppy and murderously cold. He knew that no rescue would come for maybe twenty minutes or so. Maybe the ship would put down a boat, but he thought it more likely that a chopper might be sent from Belfast. He didnt think that there would be a small boat on the banks of the lough available at short notice. He encouraged Lefty. Not long now. They are coming to pull us out in a minute. Everybody knows that we are in the sea. Try moving your legs to keep your temperature up. Pointless being rescued dead. He looked up at the ferry, to see rows of people watching them, both from the lounge windows, and from the deck railings. Lefty had certainly drawn attention to himself. McBride couldnt see the wharf, it was behind the ship. In fact the view of anything but the ship was intermittently obscured by the choppy waves
McBride took his own advice, and started treading water violently, and felt some feeling coming back to his legs. In winter, he guessed they might have died of exposure before they were pulled out. Might do in the summer, he said ruefully to himself.
After what seemed like an hour, he saw a small dot in the sky, which quickly loomed larger. It was the helicopter. It made a circle round the ship to get the layout of the situation and then it was hovering low, and gradually approaching them. He could see the winch man leaning out of the door, giving the pilot instructions. They were suddenly hit by the powerful downdraught from the rotors, which flattened the waves with the intensity of the blast.
The winch man was on the line now tossing a rope for McBride to catch. McBride tied the line round Lefty, below his arms. The winch man raised his thumb, and Lefty, was rising out of the sea, in a cascade of water. By the time McBride was winched up and into the cabin, Lefty was already seated, draped in blankets, a hot drink in his hand. The doors were shut, and the helicopter rose briskly higher, and then set course for Belfast.
The winch man said, Were dropping you off at the A and E at the hospital, just for a medical check-up.
Belfast City Hospital? asked McBride
They dont have an A and E there anymore, said the winch man. Its Royal Victoria now, in Grosvenor Road. Youre obviously not local.
Thats right, just visiting. I was on the ferry, as you might have guessed, when this young guy jumped off.
The winch man interrupted, Were landing now, can you make sure youre strapped in. The machine landed with a tiny thud, and then the rotor was whining to a halt. The winch man opened the door, and a couple of ambulance men manhandled both of the rescued men out of the helicopter, and on to stretcher trolleys. When they got into the A and E department, they were bowled into adjacent cubicles. The ambulance men handed them dressing gowns, and told them that if they didnt feel well enough to undress and put on the robes, they would get a nurse to help them.
In any case someone would be there in a moment to do the paperwork.
The cubicles had curtains at the corridor end, but McBride left his open, to make sure that he would see Lefty if he tried to sneak off. Within seconds, a youngish nurse entered the cubicle, and proceeded to question him as she filled in a form.
When she was happy that he had apparently suffered no ill effects, she told him that a policeman wanted to question him. After that a doctor would come and check him over before he could be released. It was as if it was a regular occurrence, this jumping off ferries.
The police constable appeared to be embarrassed that he could not knock before he entered, so instead he coughed gently before he came into the cubicle. He had a notebook with him, and without asking, sat on the only chair, whilst McBride perched on the end of the bed.
He took name and address, date of birth all over again. You would have thought he could have obtained that information from the nurse, thought McBride, but he didnt raise the matter.
So, you fell off the Liverpool ferry, sir. It was a statement, not a question. Actually, no, I was on the deck, when the guy who is in the next cubicle at present, ran
out from the lobby doors, and jumped on to the rails, and leaped off. I looked over the rails, saw him hit the water, and then he seemed to struggle, which gave me the idea that he couldnt swim. So I gave my jacket to a colleague, asked him to call the emergency services, and dived in. I think my colleague threw a lifebelt, well, someone certainly did. I grabbed the man, and pulled him over to the belt. Eventually, the helicopter picked us up, and here we are.
Do you know the man? Did you know why he would jump off the ferry?
The man is in the next cubicle at the moment. I have an idea, but you could ask him yourself. McBride caught movement from the corner of his eye, jumped up dashed into the corridor, and caught Lefty by the arm, and hauled him into the cubicle before the police constable. Here he is. I know him as Lefty. Maybe he was looking for you. Or maybe he was sneaking out.
Okay, sir, said the policeman. Sit down on the bed, next to this gentleman.
He ran through the same rigmarole as he had with McBride. Then he asked Lefty, So you fell off the Liverpool ferry, sir. How did you manage that?
This man was chasing me, said Lefty, pointing to McBride. So I jumped off to escape from him. I thought he was going to kill me.
The policeman was silent for a few moments, whilst he absorbed that information. Then he turned to McBride; And what do you say to that, Mr. McBride?
Lefty here was at my table in the restaurant, and I pointed out the police you had waiting on the wharf for the ferry. We could see them from the ferry window. Lefty became extremely agitated, and shouted something like, Fuck me, Im not going to prison. Then he jumped out of his chair, dashed out into the lobby and up the stairs, knocking people out of the way. My friend and I were concerned by his agitated state of mind, and followed. He went on the deck, and I saw him climb on to the rail, and jump off. The rest you know.
The police constable held Leftys arm, and quickly clamped a handcuff on his wrist. I think well take you down to the station, sir, the police constable told Lefty, for further questioning. He called the station on his radio, and arranged for a car to be sent.
He then said, Youre free to leave when the hospital staff have finished with you. Ill take this gentleman back to his cubicle now.
Almost immediately upon their departure, a young lady entered McBrides cubicle. She had a stethoscope looped round her neck.
Ive just come to check you over. If youre okay, you can leave when the porter fetches your clothes. She caught hold of McBrides arm, felt his pulse with her fingers on his wrist, shone a torch in his eyes. She pulled a trolley from the corner with medical equipment on it. She took his blood pressure, asked if he had any pains, put an instrument into his ear to check his temperature. She picked up a clipboard she had put on the bed whilst she carried out the examination. She rapidly filled it in and proffered it to McBride. If youll just sign it at the bottom, there where Im pointing. McBride scribbled his signature.
Thank you, youve suffered no ill effects, good day to you. And she whisked out to enter the next cubicle. Eventually, just when McBride was convinced they had forgotten him, a young porter arrived with clothes over his arm. Which ones are yours? he asked. McBride sorted out his own clothes, put them on the bed. Right, said the porter, Dont forget to leave the dressing gown. We lose a lot of them.
McBride dressed, and went down the corridor, to the large waiting room by the front doors, and sat down to wait for Miller.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
The helicopter rose rapidly into the air, and within seconds was just a dot in the northern sky.
On the ferry deck there was a rush of people jostling to get down the stairs. The Stranraer ferry had already sailed, and was turning slowly in the middle of the lough, heading for the Irish Sea. Miller bumped Neds shoulder. Come on, dont you have a pick-up to drive off the ship? Then youll be able to collect Lefty at the hospital.
When they reached the lobby area, they parted  Ned continuing down to the car deck, and Miller joining the queue for disembarking foot passengers.
Miller was ashore well before the first of the vehicles. The day was overcast, and now there was a brisk wind that rattled the trousers of the police who slapped their hands against their sides He walked towards the superintendent, noting that four of the cars were boxing in the vehicle lane on both sides, and the fifth police car was a few yards further back, ready to chase any vehicle that decided to make a break for it.
Hey there, do you remember me  Dusty Miller?
The super turned, and smiled. My God, and you havent aged at all.
Neither have you, said Miller. But he saw, close up, the greying hair at his temples, and the fine lines on his face. Some bad news for you, Im afraid. Murphys not on board. I saw him in the pick-up before it boarded. He must still be in Liverpool
So whos brought the vehicle over?
Two guys, we know as Lefty and Ned. I think, but cant prove, that they blew up the Secure Express van before the heist.
If theyre bombers, then I know Lefty.
Hes already off the ship. Jumped into the water, and the helicopter picked him up. In that case well already have him. But Ill just check. He used his radio, spoke for a while. He turned back to Miller. Yes, hes in custody, in handcuffs, waiting to go to the station.
The vehicles started to move off the ship. Policemen waved them through the roadblock. The Murphy pick-up was one of the last vehicles in the line. The Super shouted to one of his men who moved towards the ferry to intercept the truck and indicated that it was
to pull in to the side. Another officer opened the drivers door motioning Ned to get out. Ned looked even more bewildered than usual. He accompanied two officers to the back of the vehicle, and acting on instructions, dropped the tailgate.
We want everything off the vehicle and piled up on the ground here. One of the officers gestured.
Miller and the super strolled over to watch. The police pulled back their cars to give free flow to the rest of the exiting vehicles.
Ned started unloading the truck, assisted by the policemen. The super told them to pull the blanket boxes to one side. Open the boxes, he told Ned. Ned complied, and the Super peered into the boxes. Two were completely empty, the other two appeared to contain piles of magazines. Tip them out, said the super. Ned did so, and hundreds of old copies of the Picture Post blew along the wharf.
Catch them and put them back in the boxes, said the super. Ned scuttled backwards and forwards for several minutes, until he had all the magazines recaptured, except the ones that had blown into the lough. Meanwhile the policemen had reloaded the antique tat back on the truck.
Sorry about this, said Miller.
Cant be helped, at least weve got a couple of blokes to question. Lefty has form. One of the officers was told to drive the truck down to the station, and Ned was bundled into the back of one of the cars.
Miller, went over to the super, shook hands with him, and wandered over to the terminal, where taxis stood. He asked a driver to take him to the Royal, Victoria, A and E department. It was a short ride. As he got out, he asked the driver to wait while he picked up someone, and then they would need to go to the airport. Sure, said the driver, and pulled out a newspaper, and settled back in his seat.
Miller walked through the doors into the large waiting room, and there was McBride waving to him from a seat nearby. Miller walked over, tossed him the jacket that McBride had given him before diving into the lough. In his other hand he held McBrides shoes.
I knew you would find me, said McBride, busy putting on his shoes. Next place if you werent here was the police cells.
I couldnt phone you. My mobile was in my jacket, and I dont remember your number.
Ive got a taxi waiting outside. I told him that wed be going to the airport. Is that okay with you?
Sure, these clothes are still wet at the seams. I really want to get back to the hotel. 
The police were pissed off, on the wharf. They searched the truck, but there was nothing in the chests except old magazines. Some were blown into the lough.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
Danny Nolan sat before his empty cornflake bowl, drinking coffee when the telephone rang.
Its The Cheshire Constabulary, here. Are you Daniel Nolan? I have chief superintendent Banks for you. There was a click on the line, and then a new deep male voice spoke.
Mr Nolan, I have some bad news for you. Your brother, Inspector James Nolan was shot dead yesterday on duty.
There was silence on the line, It seemed to stretch on forever. Then Danny said, My brother? Dead?
Im sorry not to tell you before, but the records went back a fair way, and we had next-of-kin down as his wife. But we couldnt trace her.
He was divorced. Danny thought, if they couldnt even trace Jimmys wife, what hope for the force?
The chief superintendent was continuing, but Dannys mind was not registering. Am I right in thinking you will be making arrangements, for the funeral, and so on?
Danny pulled himself together. Im sorry I missed what you just said
Banks said it again, and Danny said
Yes, I suppose so. Have you got a telephone contact? I mean, where is the body?
Down at the morgue, at the moment, old boy. I can give you a contact number, and a name. They will give you a list of local funeral directors. He recited number and name.
Danny Nolan thanked the chief superintendent, put the phone down, and went over to the sideboard, and poured himself a large whisky. He returned to the phone and called the morgue, using the piece of paper on which he had scrawled the policemans information.
The manager at the morgue, was very pleasant, and could email him a long list of funeral directors, should he so wish. But, if you want a reliable company that is local to the morgue, I would recommend Shepherd and Company. They are actually owned by a national group, Dignity. Would you be thinking of cremation or burial?
Danny remembered that his parents had both been cremated. Cremation, I would think.
Excellent, then it could be quickly arranged, because Dignity also own the local crematorium. So they have some pull, you could say. Theres normally quite a waiting list. This is the number you want. and gave not only a number, but also a name.
Danny spent most of the morning talking on the phone to some very sympathetic people, and by the end of the last call, had everything arranged. The only thing left was to attend the event. He made one more call, to a Premier Inn, and booked a room for the following two days.
He caught the Belfast Stranraur ferry that afternoon. It was the shortest route, and Danny hated sea voyages. If he went by plane, he couldnt take his sniper rifle with him. He had gone up into the attic in his house, and sorted through the rubble of his life. He knew he had kept the Lee Enfield after the provos were disbanded, and he was no longer needed as a sniper. After he found the rifle, he searched some more until he found a loaded magazine. After the funeral, Danny would spend as long as it took to track down Murphy, the man who had killed his young brother.
The first stop, when he reached Cheshire, after a long and boring drive, was at the funeral parlour. There was a chapel of rest, and the man he met, said he could have a viewing, if he desired. Danny declined. He would rather remember Jimmy as he had been in life. They spent some time in the office, going through, and paying for, the service. Danny was asked for details of Jimmys life, so that the priest could give a eulogy. Danny had requested a non-denominational service, as he could not remember, or did not know, whether Jimmy was still a catholic.
The funeral was scheduled for eleven thirty the next morning, and the day was fine, with a blue sky. Danny wore his black suit, one that he aptly called his funeral suit. He drove up to the crematorium, which was not far from the Premier Inn, and parked in the car park. He stood in front of the chapel, looking out over the garden, which was laid out with flowering shrubs, and also some evergreen trees, though he didnt know what they were, since he had never been interested in gardening, or flora. In the centre of the gardens was an ornamental pond, surrounded by reeds. There were several other mourners standing about now. Couldnt be for his brothers service, surely. Danny glanced at his watch, thinking maybe there was another funeral before his. It was eleven twenty-five, and a hearse swept up in front of the building. A man, who was obviously in charge of the event for the undertaker, got out of the front passenger seat, and came across to Danny.
Mr Nolan? Good morning. Indeed a sad day for you, my condolences. We will take out the coffin, and then we have four bearers with us, and you will follow the coffin first.
When we put the coffin on the altar, can you sit in the front pew on the right hand side of the chapel?
After the service, a curtain will be drawn round the coffin. The mourners then file out. The other mourners will wait, and you will lead. If you wish, you can stand at the outer door, and greet people.
If there are any, mumbled Danny, and waited whilst they unloaded the coffin. The service lasted twenty-three minutes. He timed it. When the service finished and the curtains drew dramatically round the coffin, the music changed, upping tempo somewhat, and Danny rose from his pew, turned round and made his way out of the chapel, followed by the undertakers. He was amazed to see that there were about twenty mourners other than himself, mostly men of about Jimmys age. When he got to the doors of the chapel, he stood back, ready to shake hands with the other mourners, who were trickling towards the bright daylight. It transpired that most of the mourners were Jimmys police colleagues, including a smattering of civilian staff. Danny felt it would be polite to invite some people back to his hotel for an impromptu wake. He mentioned it to the first person that stopped to speak to him, a burly six footer, with dark curly hair He said that was very civil of Danny, and if he wanted, he would round up Jimmys close friends, and they would meet him in the bar.
Danny extricated himself as soon as he politely could, and drove back to the hotel, where he arranged with the duty manager, a buffet menu complete with drinks. The manager suggested they might like to use one of the private rooms for the food, and they could carry on drinking there for as long as they liked. Danny approved, paid a hefty deposit, and chose a standard buffet, which would be ready in forty-five minutes.
When he got back into the bar, he saw a largish group, some of whom he recognised from the service. They were standing at the bar, and he could see that they had already started drinking. The tall man was in the centre of the crowd, an obvious popular organizer. Danny caught his eye, and explained the arrangements. Harry, the tall man called the group to order, and suggested they have one more drink here before departing to the private room. Then Harry forced his way through to the bar, and bought Danny a pint of bitter.
Once they were in the private room, Danny was impressed that the management had supplied a waitress from whom the guests could order drinks. The noise grew, with laughter and banter. Danny knew that this was going to be a long day.
Late in the afternoon, he found himself sitting in a corner with Harry, who was recounting scurrilous tales of the police force.
After a long pause in conversation, when Harry had finished off the dregs of another pint, he said: Danny, tell me, did Jimmy know this Murphy fellow, who pulled the bullion robbery?
We all knew him, in Belfast, when we were kids. Jimmy was my little brother, five years younger than the rest of us, but he liked to hang out with us. Eamonn Murphy was his protector, if there was any bullying, and I didnt happen to be around.
Some fucking protector, shooting Jimmy in the head, said Harry. What I cant understand is why he was on duty. He was an inspector, not a fucking constable. It makes me suspicious, him pulling that job, when he was a mate of the villain. But I wont say anything, now hes dead.
You think he was aiding and abetting you mean? said Danny. By now, he was not thinking very clearly.
Ive said too much already, said Harry. Forget I even spoke. And then he said, "They've already put a plaque up in the lobby at headquarters, in Jimmys honour. It says, Inspector James Nolan 1958 to 2013. Died whilst upholding the law. Thats a nice tribute.

Danny looked round the room. They were the only two left, and Harry was snoring. Perhaps he had been asleep himself. He poked Harry in the ribs.
Everybodys gone, Danny slurred.
Harry opened his eyes, and looked round the room. So they have, he said. Praps we should go through to the bar, he said, and have one for the road.
When they got into the bar, it was almost empty, too. Danny went to the counter and asked for two coffees.
When he got back to the table with them, Harry stared. Whats this?
Sober up time, Harry. Have this and Ill get the barmaid to call you a taxi. I really do appreciate your organisation. Im sure Jimmy would have approved.
They sat, side by side, sipping their coffee. Danny said, What has happened to Murphy. Have you caught him yet?
Harry stared at the bar. Not yet. The story is that hes gone to Ireland. Left last night, thats what I heard.
 I just hope I dont meet him down a dark lane. Danny could hardly tell a policeman that he was going to kill Murphy, where-ever he was.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
John (Bobby) Bell, was sitting in front of the television in his Dublin home. He had just seen the story unfolding at the Belfast ferry terminal. The man jumping off the ferry, there was video footage, maybe recorded on a mobile phone from the ferry deck. The video zoomed in to the man in the water, now grasping a lifebelt. He recognised Lefty the bomber, knew he had been with Murphy on the platinum heist over the water. He watched the professional footage of the police on the wharf, a major turnout there, he thought, must think the treasure was arriving.
He watched film of the search of the truck, the junk off the back, antique tat, the magazines, blowing about the wharf, some landing in the water, and smiled. Then the police driving the truck away, putting the driver in the back of a police car, taking him, according to the commentary, to Musgrave Police Station, where Lefty had been taken earlier after his rescue from the water.
Bobby Bell picked up one of a series of mobiles he owned. They were all pay-as-you- go, meaning that nobody would be intercepting calls. His landline was used only by himself, if he was arranging golf matches. He looked in his laptop index for a Belfast number, and dialled.
Eddie, its Bobby Bell. Did you see the fun and games at the ferry terminal? The police have taken a couple of guys to Musgrave. I would doubt they could charge them if they keep their mouths shut. But theyll probably ask for a lawyer from the DSCC. Can you arrange to be the one that goes? If you can theres a couple of grand in it for you. I need to know something, and you might get them to tell you. They were involved in the bullion robbery in Cheshire yesterday. They must know what Murphy did with the van, because they were seen with him before they boarded the ferry in Liverpool. If you promise them youll get them out without a charge, they may tell you where hes hidden it. They absolutely must know, because they picked him up. One of the guys is Lefty the bomber. I dont know his friend.
Make it three grand and youve got a deal. I have to sweeten the guy who was picked to go. He loses a fee.
You could give him your fee, but yes, okay. I want you to phone me as soon as youre done. Pay-as-you-go mobile. Got a pen? He proceeded to give him the number, terminated the call.
He sat back in his chair, pondering. If he got someone over to pick up the van, it would save him a couple of million, surely. Murphy left with nothing to trade. Bobby Bell was the biggest crook in Ireland, but never got his fingers dirty, personally. Only dealt in straight crime, thats what he thought to himself. No drugs, no prostitution, in fact no sex crime.
The police knew he was a criminal, but they couldnt prove it. So they just watched from afar. One day, they hoped, he would stumble.

Eddie was shown into the cubicle where Lefty and Ned had been interrogated. A police constable opened the door from the inside. Eddie gave him a business card. The constable, said, Ill just wait outside, give me a shout when youre done.
Eddie pulled up a chair sat down at the table with the two men. Youve not been charged, yet? They both shook their heads. Have you told them anything incriminating?
Lefty spoke. Weve done nothing wrong, really. Well, I fell off the ferry, with the shock of seeing all them cops. Eddie smiled knowingly. But all we was doing was a favour for Eamonn Murphy, bringing his truck over, and we was coming over anyway.
Have they questioned you about the robbery yesterday, in Cheshire, which, allegedly involved Mr Murphy.
They asked about that, told them we didnt know what they meant, didnt know what Murphy was doing.
Okay, said Eddie. Now, if you can tell me what Murphy did with his white van, where he left it, when you picked him up, allegedly?
Why do you want to know? Maybe we didnt pick him up. Or if we did, maybe he was thumbing a lift.
Come on, Lefty, you were driving Murphys own vehicle, for Gods sake. Come on, tell me, and we can have you out of here in time for a pint across the road before dinnertime, and no charges laid, and you both smelling as sweet as roses.
Okay, said Lefty reluctantly. He asked us to meet him at a lockup he has. He gave us directions.
Well, what where the directions he gave you?
From where we were, these are the directions. He pulled a grimy piece of paper from one of his shoes. Dont know why I kept this. He passed it to Eddie, who looked at it. A lined page from a notebook, the kind they called shorthand books, in the time before computers.
It said, 3rd left, 2nd right, Whitehouse Road. Farmhouse track on left.
Not so useful if you dont know where the instructions start from, commented Eddie.
I could show you if youve a map of Cheshire, said Lefty.
Was it from where you were working?
Lefty paused, looked at the ceiling. You dont catch me like that, he said.
Christ, these bloody crooks never trusted anyone. Did he leave the van at the lockup? asked Eddie.
Inside it. Covered in a dustsheet, plates changed.
Eddie stood up, went over to the door, called the constable over. Im ready to talk to your detective now.

The detective sergeant was sent for, Eddie introduced himself.
As far as I can see, youve nothing to hold my clients here. I assume that you are not charging them, right? All they have done is drive a truck over on the ferry, a truck that I understand belongs to a Mr. Murphy, and they were driving it with his express permission, to deliver it to an antique dealer in Belfast here. There were no illegal substances, or stolen property found when you carried out a thorough search at the ferry terminal. Admittedly one of my clients fell off the ferry before it docked, which was careless.
Its what they were doing when they were over the water. That is what I want to know.
You cant hold them unless you have some evidence, and thats what you are very short of. In that case if youll return any of my clients belongings, well be going.
Aye, the sergeant turned to Lefty and Ned, but Ill get you yet.
That is threatening talk, sergeant, said Eddie, leading the way through the door.

Across the road, in the pub, he bought them each a pint, and bade them good day. He kept the piece of paper off the notebook, to remind him to report back to Bobby Bell. When Eddie got home, he took the note out of his pocket, scanned it on to his computer, attached it to an email, and sent it to Bobby. Then he got on the phone, put in the number of Bobbys mobile.
Eddie here, Bobby. Look at your emails will you? Yes, now while I wait.
You mean the one with the scrap of paper, as an attachment? So whats it mean?
The direction to the hidden treasure. From the position where our boys got the action going yesterday, you understand? With a road atlas of Cheshire should be no problem.
Think I might send the boys themselves back. Im just mulling it over. Thanks a lot. You know where to collect the envelope with your thank you.
Bobby spent some time running scenarios through his mind. It would serve Murphy right for cocking the job up, if he got the bullion anyway, right from under his nose. Save another two million, nearly, that Murphy was relying on.
CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
The rap on the door woke Murphy. Without waiting for a reply, Jimmy Brown was in his bedroom. Murphy had been dozing on top of the bedspread.
The old lady is getting a huff on, wondering if youll be going soon. The old lady was Jimmys wife, or partner maybe. She was slovenly, as ugly as sin, to Murphys mind, and a nag into the bargain. Why Jimmy hadnt cleared off years ago, Murphy didnt know, unless the reason was because the house, such as it was, belonged to her.
Yes, Jimmy, Ill be off this morning, as soon as the streets are aired. It was only seven a.m., and Murphy had not had a very good night. Everything had gone wrong yesterday.
Jimmy, lend me a pair of scissors, okay?
When Jimmy had brought the scissors, Murphy ruthlessly cut all his hair as short as he could, looking in the mirror in the bedroom. Next, he moved to the bathroom. Jimmys electric shaver was on the window sill. He used the trimming attachment on the razor, to remove the remaining hair. He left the stubble on his face, returned to the bedroom, pinching a couple of handkerchiefs out of Jimmys chest of drawers, which stood on the little landing. Tearing one handkerchief in two, and wetting the halves, which meant a trip back to the bathroom, he stuffed them into his cheeks. This had the effect of plumping up his face, getting rid of the gaunt look. It was uncomfortable, but he could manage. Talking might be a bit difficult. Perhaps people would think hed had a stroke. On the telly last night, which hed watched with Jimmy, they had an old photo of him, taken twenty years ago, a prison photograph. The announcer had said that he now was hollow cheeked, and had long straggly hair.
He thought Jimmy was secretly impressed that Murphy was a famous criminal. He needed something else from Jimmy, and then he would leave.
Downstairs, he found Jimmy in the kitchen, eating a bowl of cornflakes. Hey, Jimmy, would you have an old pair of sunglasses I could have? As a disguise, you know.
Its a terrible day out. If you wear sunglasses, everybody will know youre disguised. Im going to take the lenses out, and people will think theyre ordinary specs.
Grumbling, Jimmy left his cornflakes, and started to rummage in kitchen drawers. With a cry of triumph, he pulled out a pair of old black-framed sunglasses.
They look just the thing, said Murphy. While Jimmy went back to his cornflakes, Murphy, using the prongs of a fork, managed to dislodge both lenses, and put the frame on his nose.
What about that, then? Makes me look distinguished, eh?
Makes you look like Groucho Marx, is what.
Well better than Eamonn Murphy. Im going now, Jimmy. Thanks for giving me a bed for the night.

Murphy walked down the terrace to the main road, remembered there was a pound shop not very far up the road. Hed walked past it last night. Once inside the shop, he picked out a baseball cap, an overnight bag, a tartan long-sleeved shirt, a pair of blue denims, and a car coat. On the way to the pay desk, he picked up some disposable razors, shaving cream and a toothbrush.
As the young woman rang the items through the till, he packed the goods into his holdall, all except the cap, which he put on his head, peak pulled right down.
Once outside the shop, he glanced both ways, deciding where he would go. He decided to carry on the way he had been going, and eventually, the shops became more rundown, with many empty properties, like bad teeth in an old mans mouth. There was a small used car lot, fronted by rows of flags strung between light poles, and large red lettered placards on the cars. He could see from the road that they were all old bangers. Still, he had to get around.
As he expected, the cheapest cars were the largest, because of the petrol consumption, but they were more likely to have been well serviced from new. Business cars, rep-mobiles.
He walked on to the lot, made for the Mondeos, three of them in a row. 900 each, the notice in the car windows said. He picked the one with slightly more tread on the tyres. While he was looking, a man in a greasy trilby walked out of the shed in the corner of the lot, came up to him. Youll make a fine choice, with any of these three. Theyre reliable cars, even with a big mileage. Been looked after, you see. He paused and sucked his teeth. Ill go and get the keys, if you wait here. So Murphy waited, watching the traffic on the road. The car lot man was quickly back, with sets of keys, labelled with registration numbers, in his hand. Which one you want to look at?
Murphy pointed at the nearest car, painted mid-grey, completely unremarkable. Whats the mileage?
The guy unlocked the door pointed at the fascia. 79,560 miles, Murphy saw.
He got into the driver seat, fired up the engine, revved it up, looking through the rear- view mirror as he did so. Grey smoke obscured the view.
Its burning more oil than petrol, probably.
Although Murphy knew that once the engine was warmed up, it wouldnt look so bad. When is it MOTd until? he said. There were a couple of months on the tax disc, hed seen before he climbed in.
We can have a look at the papers back in the office. Murphy thought he should have said shed..
He walked to the shed alongside the man, a guy older than him, with a bad cough. He had a cigarette burning in his hand. He held the door open for Murphy to go first, then went round his desk and sat down. He waved Murphy to the visitor chair, an old bentwood dining chair. The desk was full of papers, layered with dust. There was a huge ashtray overflowing with stubs. The man coughed again, rummaged in the desk drawer, took out a sheaf of papers, sorted through them until he came to the Ford Mondeo, glancing at the keys, to make sure he had the right ones. Youre paying cash, he said quickly.
Thats right, but not 900, its too much. I thought 350.
Fuck me, I paid more than that.
Then you paid too much. But Im taking pity on you, and Ill give you 400.
Murphy reached in his pocket, pulled out some notes, to make the point. He saw the man look greedily at the cash. He must have had a bad week.
Aye, Ill do the deal, he said, reaching out for the money.

Murphy drove the car out of the lot. He was surprised to see that the tank showed half full. He stopped at the nearest filling station, and put six gallons in the tank. When he drove out again, the gauge still showed half full.
As he drove towards Port Sunlight, Murphy thought about the van, still in his lockup. It had suddenly occurred to him that Lefty and Ned knew it was there, and full of bullion. That was dangerous. He ought to unload it, hide the bullion somewhere else. He ought to phone Bobby Bell anyway, because he would have been expecting delivery today. And that was not going to happen. So, he needed a pay-as-you-go phone. Good job he had Bobbys number somewhere in his wallet. He was on the Birkenhead outskirts now, coming up to a retail park. He drove into it, parked, and got out to look for a phone shop. Fifteen minutes later, he was back in the car, and phoning Bobby.
Hey Bobby, its Sly Fox calling you.
Ive been expecting you. Give me your number, Ill phone you back. Better be a pay- as-you-go, or I wont bother.
It is. He read out the number, finished the call, and sat back to wait, twiddling the handset.
Almost immediately the phone was ringing, and Murphy answered. Eamonn, Bobby here. Glad you phoned. Shows honesty. What a fuckup this end. Did you know?
Know what?
The police were out in force on the wharf, when the ferry docked. Your man Lefty, jumped into the water when he saw the police, and the ship was still in the middle of the lough when that happened. Couldnt swim, apparently. Was saved by an artist called McBride, they are saying on the telly.
Murphy groaned. That bloke McBride is haunting me, he muttered. So what happened?
Well, Lefty was helicoptered to hospital, and from there to Musgrave Station, to be joined by the other fellow. It was great to see the police searching your truck, once we knew there was nothing of value in it. The police were truly pissed off. Theyve still got the truck, I think, but they let the boys go, through lack of evidence.
Murphy looked at his watch. Only twelve oclock, and so much had happened over there.
Why I phoned you, Bobby, was to ask you something. Things could have gone much better at this end. I wonder if you can collect your purchase in England?
There was a long pause and Murphy was just about to ask if he was still there. Eamonn, you really do disappoint me. FENCE means you bring me things, and I give you money for them. If I come to you, I might as well do the whole fucking thing myself. In which case, you would be redundant, see? Well, if I have any ideas, Ive got your number. Bye.
Not such a good call, thought Murphy. Anyway, first priority was to make sure the bullion stayed with him. He drove out of the Retail Park, and saw, on the opposite side of the main road, a huge yellow warehouse. The Big Yellow Box, a sign declared. Secure Storage said another. Complete Anonymity said a third. A mesh fence topped with razor wire surrounded the building. The pair of main gates were wide open, so Murphy drove in. There was car parking adjacent to reception. He entered the office, manned by a guy in security uniform.
Hello, said Murphy, I can hire storage here? How does it work?
Well, you hire a room, or even just a locker, depends how much you need to store. You can access you storage twelve hours a day, you provide your own padlock, only you have the key.
Sounds good, said Murphy, warming to the idea. How much is a room, say eight by six?
Thirty pounds a week, minimum 2 months.
You want the cash now?
Yes, you have to pay up front, but the first payment has to be by credit card, to prove who you are, you know. Dont want robbers hiring space, eh? The man smiled.
Murphy was going off the idea very rapidly.
Well, Ill be back with my stuff.
Murphy walked out to his car. Always some fucking problem.
He couldnt use the Big Yellow Box, so what did he do? Often in the olden days, and sometimes nowadays, people buried treasure they wanted to hide. But it takes a lot of effort to bury a quarter of a ton of platinum. And where to bury it, was another problem. Perhaps he should put it into the Ford Mondeo, but if he put it all in the trunk of the car, the damn thing would be off the front wheels. Like keeping three good size mens bodies there. Murphy tended to convert weights in this way.
A way that might fool the people looking for his loot was to hide it almost in view. Murphy rented three lockups in the farmyard, they were so damn cheap. If he just took the bullion out of the van, and moved it to an adjacent lockup, who would think of that? It might work, and it was only for a maximum of a few days. If he hadnt got rid of it by then, he was in trouble. Murphy decided to go for it, and pointed the car to get him to that part of Cheshire.
It was 6pm before he got there, after stopping off to get yet more petrol, and a sandwich. He was getting paranoid about petrol.
He arrived at the lockup, and the place was quiet. As he got out of his vehicle, he heard birds singing in the trees, above the slight rustle of the branches in the breeze. He could be the last person on earth.
He opened the padlock on the lockup containing the van. It seemed like longer than yesterday, when he had brought it here, sweating in panic, shouting at Lefty and Ned. And, both of them knew the secret of where the bullion was hidden. He had arrived back not a minute too soon. He flicked on the light, got into the van, the keys still in the ignition. He drove it into the yard, got out and opened the next but one lockup, the one with the rusty padlock. He was careful to leave no trace of his tampering. There was no electricity in the unit, and with difficulty, he reversed just into the darkness. He got out of the vehicle, went round to the vans rear doors, opened them, and started unloading the bullion, placing the boxes in a stack, off to one side. There were no other items stored in here. The whitish boxes stood in a forlorn pile in the dimness.
He finished the job in about fifteen minutes, puffing slightly, as he wiped his hands on his handkerchief. He left the pallet still in the van, closed the doors.
He pulled the van out of the unit, carefully locked the unit up again, and then replaced the van exactly where it was originally, parked in the back of the lockup with the shiny padlock. He even replaced the dustsheet to hide it.
Now Murphy walked jauntily to his car, and thought he had earned a nights rest. He would look for a small B&B that took lorry drivers. And then he would cautiously contact potential customers.
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
Bobby phoned Lefty. Lefty, he learned, was still in the pub where Bobbys solicitor had left him, and he was still with Ned.
Do you two men want a lucrative job. Earn you some good money?
Doing what? asked Lefty, suspiciously.
Going back to England, and having a look at Murphys lockup where he left the van. You can remember where it is cant you? Then you look to check that the van is still full of the bullion. Then you phone me, and well take it from there.
Were not going back on that bloody ferry are we?
Oh, no, no, no. Youll fly to Manchester, then hire a car from there. If the goods are still in the lockup, well talk on the phone about getting them out. It wont be to Belfast, I can promise you that.
***
McBride and Miller landed at Liverpool, McBride, still damp. It was already four oclock. They took a taxi from the airport down to the ferry terminal to pick up McBrides car. From there they returned to the industrial estate where Millers car had been left by the side of the road. Then they drove in convoy to the Manor Hotel.
At reception, McBride was handed an envelope as well as his key, and when he stood back waiting for Miller to get his own key, he slit open the envelope. There was a single sheet of hotel notepaper from Helen, hoping he was safe, and since she was booking out, she hoped he would get in touch once he had stopped playing detective. Pinned to the notepaper was her business card.
Miller got his key, turned away from reception. He nodded at the envelope. Not bad news, I hope?
No, its from Helen, leaving me her address.
Miller grinned. Youve scored, there.
I fancy having a long lazy dinner at the hotel tonight. We could invite my agent, you know, Ian Smith? Or rather, you dont know, do you? Hes a great guy. He knows how this business started  it was his gallery that was burnt down. Ill give him a call.
At eight oclock, McBride and Miller were seated in the bar with Smith, drinking beers and perusing menus.
Smith said, Its caused a stir in the village, all this Murphy business. And now hes on the run.
Miller smiled. We saw him yesterday afternoon, in Liverpool. We thought he was catching the Belfast boat. It was a bit embarrassing for me, actually. You see, we thought he was on the boat with his mates, and I had the boat met in Belfast by a lot of policemen, and Murphy hadnt boarded, the little scamp.
So, where is he now? asked Smith.
That is the multi-million pound question, said McBride. Shall I choose the wine, a bottle of red and one of white, to kick off?
We are sure that hes not disposed of the haul. So we watch and wait, said Miller Smith said: Surely Murphy didnt carry out the job without knowing where he was getting cash for his haul?
Thats what we thought, said McBride, But the way he operated, who knows? He is bloody lucky to have got away so far.
My wife was worried about Murphys wife, said Smith, She needs nursing. Got Alzheimers you know, but we heard in the village that he got her into a nursing home only a couple of days ago. And arranged for the house to be put into her name, and sold to pay the fees. Clearing the decks, so to speak. At least he has some compassion.
Apart from killing four people in the heist yesterday. Five if you include the guy who set fire to the gallery, when he became an embarrassment to him. And he even shot the copper who was in the job with him. Amazing.
Sorry. Yes, a bad choice of words on my part, said Smith, draining his glass, and looking round to see if a waiter would bring him some more.
McBride turned to Ian. That reminds me, the guy who set fire to your gallery is buried in Murphys back garden, to the left of the outbuildings. Would you tell the local constabulary? Tell them someone rang you up, didnt give a name.
My God. Of course Ill do that.
Once his glass was replenished, and the waiter had taken the meal orders, Smith said, So, does this wrap it up for your investigation? Having lost Murphy? Is it back to the easel for you, John?
Weve only been looking at the case for a few days. Well snoop around some more, but it is up to the police, now. When Inspector Nolan was still alive, he could draw official attention away from Murphy, and give him a bit of inside information, so it was silly to kill him.
The waiter came back to lead them to their table.
CHAPTER THIRTY
Lefty and Ned were back at Manchester airport by seven oclock, and hiring a rental car a few minutes later.
Christ, its all go, Ned, said Lefty as they sped away from the airport. Theres a cheap map, there in the glove compartment. Can you read a map?
Ned nodded. Of course I can. I passed my geography exam at school. He peered for some time at the map. Get on to the M56 westbound.
Lefty was very impressed. He could just get on with the driving. It was still light when they arrived at the lockup. Lefty swung the car round in a circle. If Murphy arrived, they would need to make a smart exit. He felt very uneasy, because Murphy always had a gun with him. They had just been on a plane, and you dont take guns with you there.
Ned, just look in the toolkit in the boot, see if theres something long, say the jack handle, that we can use to get the padlock off. And listen very carefully. If you hear a car, wed better scarper into the woods.
Ned got the jack handle, brought it over to where Lefty was standing by the door with the shiny padlock.
Jesus, look at this, its not locked. The padlock just opens. Whether it was an error on Murphys part or not, Lefty was pleased, lifted it clear of the staple, and cautiously opened the door, putting his arm round the wall whilst keeping his body against the wall, in case it was a trap.
Nothing happened, and the interior was now lit by the large overhead bulb. They walked in, made for the van, went round to the back, and opened the rear doors, which were surprisingly not locked. Lefty knew that it would be empty before his own eyes confirmed it.
Come on, run, he said, we need to get away. Dont lock it up just get into the car. They both sped for the rental car, quickly getting into it, and slamming the doors. Lefty had the engine turning and accelerated away, almost before Ned had his door closed. They rocketed down the track and on to the public road before Lefty eased up, and began to drive sedately, not wanting to draw attention to their car.
Some miles away, on a major road, they pulled into a transport cafe car park. Lefty used his pay-as-you-go phone to make a call to Bobby to give him the news. Bobby told them to return to Manchester Airport, and get the next plane to Belfast. He would make sure they were paid.

Bobby Bell switched off his mobile. Well, he thought, it was worth a try. Now, he couldnt cut out Murphy. No-one else knew where the bullion was. He already had the reserve plan thought out. He would use the motor yacht. He went into his study, pulled out a book of tide tables from his desk, and studied it for a while. If he could boost Murphy into action, he could pick him up tomorrow night. There was a high tide at 11pm at Preston, so it wouldnt be much different off the Wirral. He knew from previously sailing in that area, that there was an anchorage off Hoylake. You could get a vehicle on the beach there, or even across the golf course. It would mean contacting Gerry tonight, warn him they would need the boat.
Better start with him, and then contact Murphy next.
Without wasting more time, Bobby keyed in the number. Gerry, over on the Isle of Man, picked up the call. Gerry Bell here.
Gerry its Bobby. How are things?
Busy. Since its summer, it would be bad if it wasnt.
Do you think you could fit in a voyage? Be a couple of days before were finished. Starting when?
Well this is only provisional, but subject to confirmation, I would want to be at anchor off The Wirral at high tide tomorrow night, thats about 11oclock. Then take a small cargo aboard, and a man. Then go to anchor off Ireland, just below Dublin. Wait until its dark, then unload the cargo. Someone will be waiting to come out in a dinghy. We might drop the fellow off there, if he wants. If he doesnt hell accompany us back to Douglas.
That will be a pleasant change for me. Youll join us in Douglas, I suppose.
Yes, Id fly out in the morning, or tonight if I can get a plane.
No. The airport will be closed already. Come in the morning we wouldnt need to sail before, say four in the afternoon.
Okay, Ill get back to you. Can you get young Darren as crew, do you think?
Ill have checked by the time you ring me back. We might need some more fuel. Ill check whats aboard, and work out what we need.
Okay Gerry, Ill phone you hopefully this evening. Look after yourself.
Bobby looked up Murphys phone number that he been given that morning. He had written it in his notebook.
He dialled, and it rang for twenty or thirty seconds before it was picked up. It sounded as though Murphy had been asleep. His voice was slurred.
Bobby here, Eamonn. Ive been thinking about our conversation this morning. I can see youre a bit stuck over there, the heat must be on.
Not necessarily, I was just thinking of ways to get the cargo to you. There are several options. Ive just got to decide on the best way.
That Murphy, always full of blarney, thought Bobby.
I need a bit of speed myself, and Im sure you do. You must have people to pay, and so on.
Im being pushed by my customer. We both need to get this job put to bed.
Listen to what Im proposing: I get my motor yacht off the Wirral, tomorrow night at high tide, thats about eleven, give or take. We can signal, you use headlights, I use the spotlight on the boat. Thats all crap that can be sorted out. When I get your signal that youre on the shore, we put out a boat, and collect you and the cargo. Then we sail over to Ireland We anchor off the coast not far south from Dublin, to unload. You can go ashore there. Or, if you prefer, you can go to Douglas.
And when do I get paid? Murphy demanded.
When the customer collects the goods from my boat, that is when you get paid. Ill need an extra percentage for the use of the boat. Theres crew to pay, and the fuel  you might be surprised, that alone will come to about four thousand quid. She uses about 250 litres of diesel an hour. But its cheaper than car diesel, less duty and tax to pay.
Okay, Ill go along with it. Whereabouts are you going to be on the Wirral?
Well, at Hoylake, you can get a vehicle on to the beach, or, if you prefer, just south of the golf course. You could even drive across the course itself in the dark, if you are feeling devilish, putting deep ruts in the greens. And digging your car out of the bunkers, maybe.
Anyway, Ill be anchoring off Hoylake. So thats where you want to be training your headlights. At Hilbre Island, thats the biggest of the three. Do double flashes, on, off and on and off again. If I pick the signal up, I give you the same signal back. Then we launch a rigid inflatable, with outboard, okay?
Yes, okay
If theres any trouble on shore, give three long flashes. Then well wait without sending the boat. If the trouble goes away, you can signal again as at first. We can stay until dawn, if necessary. Take this as definite, unless you here from me again, okay?
Yes, okay, said Murphy.
Oh, and by the way Eamonn, watch how you drive to Hoylake. Theyre crazy drivers on the Wirral. All the roads are pasted with notices, telling you how many people theyve killed last month. We dont want the bullion distributed across some road there. Goodnight and Bobby had cut the connection.
Pompous prat, muttered Murphy.
Bell looked again at his telephone index, dialled an international number. Bobby Bell here. The delivery we talked about is fixed up. We collect by boat tomorrow night, and then sail to the rendezvous. I reckon we wont be there until maybe midday, thats the day after tomorrow. We can anchor in the bay, wait there until nightfall. You could collect in the dark, or during daylight in the evening. Make sure the money is deposited in the joint account. He listened to the other man.
Four point five million, yes. Sterling. When we hand over the goods, you give us an envelope with your password in it, and a case with one point two million in cash, sterling.
After listening to the phone for a while, he finished the call.
The money for Bobby Bell would be deposited in an offshore account that they had set up. The account needed two passwords before the money could be transferred. Bobby had his own password, and when he got the envelope, he would have the second password, and be the only person that could transfer the cash. Watertight system.
He only had to phone his young brother back, and the arrangements would be complete. Except, maybe, for booking a flight. He could do that on the net.
Hi Gerry, Bobby again. Its all arranged. Weve got to be anchored off Hoylake tomorrow night, eleven pm. Then across to just south of Dublin. Stay there until dark. Then back to Douglas again. Is that okay with you?
Yes, its what I reckoned. Theres about 1200 litres in the tanks now, so wed need about another 6,000 to be safe. I can fuel tomorrow morning. Ive spoken to Darren, and hes free. He expects to be paid the usual. What time do we see you tomorrow?
I havent booked the flight yet, thats my next job. What times the first flight in, do you know?
Yes, theres a flight at 08:55, it gets in about 09:50. Aer Lingus. Ill buy you lunch. Do you want me to pick you up from the airport?
No Gerry. Ill get a cab. Ill see you at the chandlery, okay?
Yes sure. Now Ill get Darren fixed up. See you in the morning.
CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
McBride woke with a splitting headache. They had consumed several bottles of wine. That always happened when he had dinner with Ian Smith. Still, it had been quite a jolly evening, and he had slept well afterwards. He got down to the restaurant before service stopped at eleven, but it was a close call. He spotted Dusty Miller, drinking a cup of coffee. He looked as if he had finished breakfast, unless he hadnt had any, of course.
Ive got a hell of a hangover, McBride announced.
Well, you were really knocking it back by midnight, Miller observed. Ive got some news. Been looking at my laptop this morning, and the bug on Murphys van was activated yesterday about teatime. Very briefly. The programmes got a fix. I think its been in a garage, or other building, which is why we didnt get a signal.
You mean Murphy took the vehicle out, and then put it back again.
Thats one explanation, said Miller. Or he removed the bug. Youve got the location. Shall we go and look?
 If Murphy got the van out and put it back, then hes going to use it soon. But I wouldnt think it would be during daylight, theres quite a lot of police activity. But he might wait until tonight.
So we go along when its dark?
Thats what Im saying.
Suits me, said McBride. I have to do four paintings for Ian Smith before I leave. And I havent started, so if youve no objection, Ill get started today. He looked at his watch, Quarter past eleven. Ill make a start. Two of the scenes are very close by, so Ill get my gear out of the car, and get going.
Ill walk down with you to your first location, then Ill do some serious walking for the rest of the day.
If were going down to find the van, and even Murphy, shall we meet in the bar tonight at around seven? Could have a few sandwiches, and then strike off.
McBride got his gear from the car, and the two men walked out of the hotel grounds.

McBride made for the hill overlooking Murphys house, up by the style, from where hed seen the bald headed man chasing the woman in a nightgown. She was Murphys wife with Alzheimers, he now realised since talking to Ian Smith.
He set up his easel, and Miller said he would watch for a while, if McBride had no objection.
None at all. People watch me all the time, and I give painting demonstrations as well. Id find it strange if everyone ignored me, he grinned.
He erected the easel, which unfolded so that the case was on the tripod arrangement with the drawer opening out to McBrides side, and the lid tilting up to give him an angled support. McBride set the angle at a good thirty degrees, giving Miller a running commentary, as he had done so many times before for spectators. I like to paint at a bigger angle than some do. That makes the paint run better. The faster you paint watercolours, the more fluid, if I can make a pun, the painting looks. Theres nothing as bad as a tight, over-fussy picture. Whilst he was talking, he was placing his board on the easel. His watercolour paper was bulldog clipped along the top of the board.
There is no need to wet or stretch the paper before I begin, because I choose to paint on a thickness that wont warp, not at the size of this painting, which is only 16 x 12.
Before I paint, I draw the scene with a soft grade pencil. But before I do that, I just wet the paints on my palette, to make them soft and easy to apply. He took the palette and opened a jar of water, which he placed in the open drawer in front of him. With a large round brush, he dabbed each paint pan liberally with water. Now, I will spend about twenty or thirty minutes getting the drawing right. By that time the paints will be just right to apply.
He was quiet for a few minutes, while he checked the scene, even moving his easel to the right, to get the view as he wanted.
The trick is to get the scene lined up, so that you can copy size for size the view on to the paper.
Now McBride had the pencil in his hand, lightly drawing a horizontal line, maybe sixty percent from the bottom of the paper. That represents my eye level. All the perspective lines meet on the line. Thats what makes the view realistic, so that the scene thats below us, down the hill, looks as it should. Quickly now, he was marking salient features, and expanding the drawing in several areas at once. What I do is not only draw the solids, houses for instance, but draw the shapes between the features. Its the only way to get the proportions right. But dont forget that Ive had an awful lot of practise. As Miller watched
him, he was amazed to see the view unfold on paper in a way that was undoubtedly better than a photograph. It was a view by an artist, reflecting the artists take on the view.
Wow, said Miller, wish I could do that.
So you can, it just takes years and years of practise, but not everyone wants to invest the time. I happen to know that you play golf a hundred times better than me, but youve invested more into it.
He was getting his palette out from behind the easel, and picking a round brush, dipping it in the water. Mixed a colour, cobalt blue, with just a touch of cadmium red. The red is just to take the brightness off the blue, he explained. He now had a liquid runny paint in the palette depression. He filled his brush with colour, and applied it to the paper with confidence; it went on smoothly, a bead of colour collecting on the lower edge. The effect of gravity working for me, he explained. Quickly he dipped his brush in the paint, and painted further down the picture, the brush sucking up the bead, leaving no marks between the previous brush stroke. Diluting his paint with water, he continued, making the paint paler. He turned the board, added more red to the paint mix, started at the horizon, and worked the paint up to join the previous brush strokes. He turned the board back the right way. Thats the sky done, he said.
You certainly make it look easy, and so fast.
Yes said McBride, One and a half hours and twenty years of learning how.
Miller watched until McBride was putting the finishing touches to his painting. Looks as if youve got that one right, said Miller, now Ill go for my walk. See you tonight.
McBride spent a further twenty minutes, mostly just looking at the scene, working out whether he could improve the painting, but very much aware that he could go too far, and spoil it completely. The old adage: stop before you think its finished, was always at the front of his mind. He packed his things, and carrying the easel in one hand and his board in the other, he set off through the village, stopping at the pub, and finding it was not too late for his lunch.
CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO
Bobby Bell had to leave his apartment at six in the morning to catch the plane to Douglas.
He didnt bother with breakfast, hed have time for that when he got to the airport. Hed managed to make the reservation on line the previous evening, and had produced the electronic boarding pass on his printer. He carried hand luggage only, mainly underwear and shaving gear. He had an extra sweater in his bag. He knew how cold it could be once out at sea. He dressed in jeans, and shirt, roll neck jumper, and carried a thick anorak. He was quite excited to be going on the yacht. He really didnt get time, or the cash recently, to do a lot of sailing. At 250 litres an hour, it was like burning money.
At Dublin airport, he fed his boarding card through the machine, passed through security, bought a newspaper, and went for coffee and a croissant. He opened the paper, and searched the news columns. There was nothing more about the bullion theft, apart from the fracas in Belfast yesterday. There was a photograph of John McBride, together with one of his paintings. The headline said: Artist rescues ferry passenger, with a further picture taken from the deck, showing two heads in the sea, making for the lifebelt.

The aircraft was in the air for barely half an hour, before touching down at Ronaldsway Airport. A little more than ten minutes later, with no baggage to collect, he was in a taxi for the five mile run to the Marina.
He asked the driver to drop him on the South Quay, and walked along until he got a good view of his yacht, standing at the railing, admiring the boat. It was built in 1957, a 70 ton motor yacht, teak hull and mahogany superstructure. He loved the classic lines, and knew that this was the only boat he would ever want. It was 82 feet long plus the diving platform at the stern, with a beam of 20 feet. On the main deck, from the bows aft, were dining room, galley, wheelhouse, which was raised, and stateroom. There was a large deck, partly roofed over, with open sides. From this deck there was access to the lower deck down the companionway, which was just inside the stateroom, and at the stern, steps down to the diving platform. The lower deck contained crew quarters forward, with bunks for three.
There were two double cabins, a bathroom, and aft was the master cabin, with king size bed, and en suite bathroom. All the fittings were of superb quality. The boat had twin Gardner diesel engines, and auxiliary generator. The wheelhouse was equipped with ship to shore phone, GPS navigation, depth sounder, chart table, and chart cabinet. The whole boat had undergone a full overhaul only two years ago
As he watched, he saw his brother Gerry come along the pontoon, and go aboard. A few minutes later, Darren joined him, casting off before he boarded. Gerry slowly reversed out from the pontoon, turned, once he was clear, as if on a sixpence using the bow thruster. He motored across the marina to the fuel pontoon, barely moving. Bobby could hear, up here, the burble of the engines.
By the time Bobby had walked round to the Bell Chandlery, he saw the boat returning to its berth. Gerry bounced into the chandlery barely seconds behind Bobby. They both clasped each others arms, grinning. Gerry, two years younger than Bobby, was tanned and slim, looking the picture of health. Come through, Bobby. Gerry led the way along the chandlery frontage, and through the door to his private apartment. His wife was in the kitchen, stacking dishes into the washer. She seemed pleased to see him. Come and have a cup of coffee in the garden, were going to.
At five to four, Bobby and Gerry, collected their luggage, and said goodbye to Gerrys wife. Have a good voyage, she called to them, and stood on the terrace, watching them walk down to the yacht.
Darren was already on the boat, sitting in a chair on the aft deck, reading a copy of the Daily Mirror. He jumped up when the men came aboard. Gerry said: Come on, be ready cast off, lift the fenders, and coil the ropes
Aye aye, sir, said Darren with a smile. Gerry started the engines, checked that coolant water was circulating, examined the instruments for a moment, and then shouted out of the window Cast off now and watched whilst Darren ran along the pontoon, casting off the forward line, and Bobby did the same with the aft line. Then, with both of them aboard, Gerry eased the boat out of its berth. Darren and Bobby lifted the starboard fenders, and Darren then coiled the mooring ropes on the deck. They both entered the big wheelhouse, and watched as the Contessa moved slowly through the marina, and then through the outer harbour.
Once she was out to sea, they felt a slight swell, which gently rolled the boat. It was a good forecast, said Gerry. Through until the day after next
By which time we should be back, if it all goes according to plan. I need to talk to you, Gerry, when we get a minute.
When Douglas was a grey smudge on the horizon, Gerry said, Okay, Darren, you take the helm. If any ship comes within quarter of a mile of us, call me, even if its going away. Keep the same heading. Well just be in the stateroom.
The two men stepped down to the stateroom, leaving the connecting door open, and Gerry sat down in a chair near a coffee table. Bobby went over to the bar, and got two cans of beer from the fridge, then sat down opposite Gerry.
Gerry, this needs saying. What we are going to do is criminal, if we get caught. Or it is for me, but you dont have to do it, if you are worried. We can drop you off, say at Liverpool, and pick you up again, when the criminal bit is done.
Tell me what the criminal bit is. You dont take risks, youve got away with it before now, and look at you, sixty last year!
What Im going to do is pick up Murphy, you remember him, and I should think youve read about his heist in the papers. Ive arrange to pick him up off Hoylake, on the Wirral. Hell have the bullion with him. Were going to take both off with the tender. This is dodgy, if were seen while were doing this, or if Murphy is followed, and hes not that bright, youll remember.
And then?
We sail over to the republic, and anchor just south of Dublin, in a small bay there. Someone will come out in a dinghy and collect the loot, bringing a bag of cash for Murphy.
What about you? Surely youre not just doing this out of a love for Murphy? Definitely not, I get a lot bigger percentage, but direct into an offshore bank account that weve arranged jointly. Once the money is in the account, only somebody who has both passwords can move it. When they are on board, I check that the cash is in the account, and the men bring me the other password.
Bobby, it sounds dodgy. The guys coming aboard know the loot is here, whats to stop them taking it by force, probably sink the boat for good measure?
Ive dealt with these guys before, theyre Russian businessmen. I was buying guns and selling them to the IRA provos, and they were always business-like, and on the ball. If you look in that cupboard over there, Bobby pointed, youll see AK47s, so well just be nonchalantly holding one apiece. But for Gods sake be careful, because theyre loaded. Be no purpose, otherwise.
So, assuming everything goes okay, you drop Murphy off when we unload the bullion?
If he wants to. Otherwise we bring him to the island. But not to Douglas, well maybe drop him at Castletown, might do the same with Darren. Give him some taxi money.
We dont know if the police will meet us back in Douglas. They might search the boat, if they have had a whiff of it.
So they will find the guns, and maybe some trace of Murphy?
No, Im ditching the guns, as soon as the transfer is over. And we go over the boat with a fine toothcomb. Ill even puncture the tender, and sink that. If somebody has seen it when we collect Murphy, we can tell the police it was stolen a couple of weeks ago.
Now I can see why youve got away with it for years, Gerry smiled, count me in.
CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE
The Belfast to Liverpool ferry crossed ahead of them, maybe two miles distant. Bobby leaned over the rail watching it. The swell was larger now, as they were distant from the land. But the Contessa was a good sea boat, with easy lines, and rode the swell with ease. Bobby was at the helm now, Darren in the crew accommodation forward, getting a shower. Shortly he would prepare a meal for them. He was a competent cook, but no chef. Gerry had set the speed at 12 knots, economical with the fuel, and yet timing to get to the anchorage at Hoylake at about ten that night.
They could have set the autopilot, but Gerry preferred a man on watch, because of the multiplicity of ferries crisscrossing the Irish Sea. So Darren prepared a meal, and then took over the helm whilst the other two ate, in the stateroom rather than the dining room, for communications sake. And after Gerry had eaten, he took the helm, and Darren came down to the statement to eat. Bobby sat and talked to him, asking whether he was looking for a career at sea?
No, said Darren, I like it, but I look after my mum at home, and Im happy working in the local pub, got lots of friends and that.
The journey seemed to last too long, but Bobby pulled a paperback out of his overnight bag, and settled down to read.
***
Miller was eating a sandwich in the hotel bar, when McBride got back to the hotel with two paintings complete and ready for framing. He left them in his room, and returned to the bar. What do you recommend in the sandwich line? McBride asked Miller.
The rare roast beef was spot on, replied Miller. You get your paintings finished? Two of them, and two to go, then Im ready for home.
Depending what happens tonight, eh?
You mean, we find the treasure, get a reward, and head off into the sunset.
Youre fantasizing again  you artistic types!
So what time are we setting off?
About seven do you think, get there about half eight, thats my best bet. Okay, well work to that.

They met at Millers car, in the hotel car park. Both were wearing dark clothing. Miller had a torch with him, and slipped the binoculars from the car in his other pocket, as well. They eased out of the hotel grounds, and McBride studied the road atlas. Miller had marked a small circle in black biro on the point the GPS had indicated as the vans position.
Miller had miscalculated slightly, and McBride missed a turning on the map, and they had to backtrack. By the time they were in the tiny back road leading up to the old farm, it was twilight.
There were headlights ahead, coming towards them down the lane, and Miller looked for somewhere that he could pull in, and let the other car pass them. He pulled in tight against the hedgerow, twigs and branches making scratching sounds on the bodywork.
God, youll ruin the car, said McBride.
Better that, than the other bugger running me down.
And the other car was going too fast for the conditions, and barely managed to miss them, only thousandths of an inch from hitting them. Miller was concentrating on waiting for the scrunch of metal tearing metal, but McBride was trying to see the driver.
It was Murphy, quick turn round, and follow him.
Miller pulled out into the road, in the original direction, looking for somewhere to turn, then he saw a cart track, reversed into it and out again in the direction Murphy took. They rocketed down the tiny lane, McBride hoping to God that they met nothing coming towards them. They reached the end of the lane, a tee junction.
Quick which way? said Miller.
McBride made an executive decision. Right, quick
Miller put his foot on the throttle and they tore up the B-road they had entered. After a minute or two, McBride said:
Put your headlamps off for just a moment, see if we can see Murphys beams ahead. They both peered into the dark. I think so, said Miller.
Suddenly they came out of the bends and the road ran straight as far as the headlights could shine.
There was some light up ahead, and suddenly they could see flashing blue lights. God, slow down, shouted McBride, Murphys been arrested!
Miller pulled into the side of the road, put his headlights out. About one hundred and fifty yards separated them. They watched Murphy climb out of his car, walk forward to the policeman who had emerged from his own car, and now walked back
CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR
Murphy looked in his rear view mirror and saw the headlights coming up quickly behind him.
Suddenly the car had switched on blue flashers, illuminating Murphys car. Murphy was sweating despite the cool night. He could hardly outrun the police car in his shot-up old Mondeo. But if he stopped, the police would surely search the car, and find the bullion. In any case, he might well recognise Murphy. It took only seconds for all these thoughts to pass through Murphys mind, and now the police car had pulled out to pass him. Murphy saw that only one man was in the car. That, at least was comforting. Killing one man was easier than killing two.
The police car pulled sharply in front of Murphy, causing him to break. A sign in the rear window of the police car said: POLICE STOP. Murphy pulled to a halt, and opened the driver door, ready to step out. He had read somewhere, that if you stop in your car when a policeman comes to the window it puts you at a disadvantage. Or something like that  psychological twaddle.
The policeman put his hat on as he got out of the car, and walked back to Murphys car. Murphy got out, as the man arrived by the door. The policeman was a guy of thirty-
five or maybe forty. Good evening, sir, are you going far?
Murphy, who had one hand in his pocket, said, Not very far. Is something wrong?
The policeman was standing very close, invading Murphys personal space, an act that infuriated Murphy. He had shot men for less. He pulled himself together, and said mildly, I havent been drinking, you know.
The policeman smiled, I know, now. The reason I stopped you is because you have a light out. Come with me. He made his way to the back of Murphys Ford. He pointed at the nearside, where the red light bulb was out. Fortunately, its the inside light, but can you get it fixed as soon as you get home, sir?
Yes, of course. I always check the lights before I set off, so it must have just broken. Thank you for pointing it out.
The policeman smiled, and waved as he made his way back to his car. Murphy was shaking when he got back in his own car.
McBride and Miller watched both cars move off, and pulled out to continue following Murphy.
I bet Murphy is sweating, grinned Miller, its a wonder he didnt shoot him.
CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE
Bobby was in the wheel house with Gerry now. It was twilight, the land ahead of them a dark mass, with lights twinkling in the dusk, greater in number where the villages and small towns were situated. Gerry had the chart table light on, and was studying the chart for the Dee Estuary, and then checking the GPS, and transferring the point to the chart. Bobby could see a line of dots advancing across the chart, in the deep channel. The echo sounder bleeped every twenty-five seconds, the depth showing in green digits. Gerry had the conversion switched to feet, never being happy thinking in metres. Darren had the wheel.
About ten seconds, should be when we turn 40 degrees port, Darren, said Gerry, turn now. He watched the echo sounder, and saw that they were in the anchorage below Hilbre Island. He noted the GPS screen, made the last pencil mark.
Slow ahead, Darren. Let me take the wheel, now, and go up forward, ready to drop anchor, when I give you a shout.
The engines ticked over in neutral, and the boat drifted slowly forward. Gerry stuck his head through the wheel house window. Drop anchor, Darren. He heard the chinking of the anchor chain as it paid itself out under the force of gravity, and the boat came to a halt, pivoting slightly to meet the tide.
Gerry turned the engines off, switched to the auxiliary generator. He took a last look at the indication of depth below the keel: 39 feet. The boat drew 5 feet. They were at full tide now, or thereabouts. In the next six hours, the water would drop 15 feet, leaving ample margin of safety. Theoretically, they should be still afloat here at low water, but he wouldnt want to risk it.
Bobby stood at the port rail, scanning the shore, probably now at high tide, 500 yards away.
He could see the small waves showing a slight reflection of the shore lights. There were houses facing the coastline, lots of them with lit windows. Those werent the ones to worry about. Anybody looking out of those windows would see nothing but their own reflection. But anyone could be looking out through the darkened windows, wondering what they, and Murphy, were doing, and maybe coming out to check. Then there may be courting couples, though they might be more interested in each other to bother.
Gerry joined him at the rail. A stiff breeze had blown up in the late afternoon, but now it was abating. There was a strong scent of leaves and grass. Bobby realised that it was a smell missing at sea, but one that was immediately welcoming when one approached land.
Nothing happening at the moment, Bobby remarked.
Were early, its barely half past nine, replied Gerry. We can stay for at least five more hours.
Almost as he spoke they saw a largish car, headlights on come down the road, driving slowly, as though not sure of the route. The car reached the entrance to the beach, negotiated the ramp successfully, bumped down, with a sound they could hear on the boat, and then its engine died, headlamps went off. There was complete silence, except for the gentle slap of the wavelets against their hull. The car headlights flashed momentarily: on-off, pause; on- off. The effect was blinding in the near darkness, and Bobby was worried that it might attract unwelcome attention. He scanned the coast line on either side of the car, but nothing was visible. There was no movement.
Gerry, give the signal back,
Gerry, climbed on the deck ahead of the wheelhouse, swivelled the spotlight to face the cars direction, and gave an answering two flashes. There was still no movements on shore.
Gerry, with Darrens help, had already unshipped the large rigid inflatable off the rear deck roof, and it was lying in the water, off the diving platform, moored to a convenient cleat.
Bobby said, Let me go alone. You and Darren stay on board. If theres any trouble, up anchor, and go. It would be silly to involve anyone else. Its really my risk, and my reward, if it pans out.
It could be dangerous. Murphys shot a lot of people in his time.
Hes not going to shoot me, Gerry. He needs the bullion moving, and he needs to get away himself. If any shooting is going to happen, it will be when hes on the boat. I want him disarmed once aboard. Ill grab him, and you can search him. No, better still, unlock the cupboard, and get yourself an AK47. That will show him we mean business.
CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX
Bobby pulled the cord to start the outboard. Once it was ticking over, he unhitched the painter, and opened the throttle carefully, and steered a course to shore, and to the waiting vehicle. The motor sounded loud to Bobbys ears, but not as loud as he had been expecting. In all his years of unlawfulness, this was the biggest risk hed taken. If arrested, he could expect several years in prison, which might mean the rest of his life. Fortunately, Bobby was a half glass full type, and couldnt be depressed for long. It was in the lap of the Gods.
The journey to shore only took about three minutes, and then the prow was hitting the shingle. Quickly he shut down the outboard, lifting it clear of the water, and jumped out into a few inches of water, soaking his deck shoes.
He looked around, and saw Murphy getting out of his car.
Come on, we cant afford to hang about, anyone might come along, hissed Bobby in a low voice.
Aye, Im here. Some of the loot is in the boot, some in the back, on the floor. Murphy lifted the boot lid, reached in and started to unload, placing the small boxes onto the sand.
Bobby went over, and picked up boxes, transferring them to the inflatable. The boxes were lighter than he had thought they would. But then, they werent gold, but platinum. Between them, they had cleared the boot in a little over five minutes, and Murphy, opened the rear door, and started to remove boxes from the car floor. Very shortly they had, completed their task.
Lets get going, said Murphy, making to climb into the dinghy.
Not so fast. You had better move your car back onto the road. Be longer before its found. And then you can help me launch the inflatable.
Bobby stood up, and eased his back, which ached slightly with the exertion. Meanwhile, Murphy got into his car, and made a three point turn, with the lights off, and then when he had lined up with the ramp, turned the lights on, and accelerated on to the road.
In that moment when the lights illuminated the road, and the shingle off to the right of the ramp, Bobby spotted two figures run to escape the illumination.
Shit. Next thing he was running, chasing the two figures, but they had too good a start on him. As they ran there was a clatter of something falling on to the tarmac surface.
Bobby, by now giving up the chase, went over to investigate the fallen object, picking it up. A pair of binoculars, with night vision attachment.
When he got back to the beach, Murphy was back at the dinghy. Where were you dashing off?
Two people were watching us with night vision glasses. They dropped them as they ran off. Come on help to launch the inflatable. They took one side each and pushed the boat until it was floating, Murphy getting his shoes wet.
They clambered in, and Bobby started the outboard, and they motored back to the yacht.
Bobby got out first, holding the painter, and looped it over the cleat. Gerry was on the platform, AK47 held in his arms. There was a faint light from the deck lamp, which glinted on the metal. Murphy stepped out of the dinghy, and only then looked at Gerry.
We dont allow guns on board, Mr Murphy, so if you would hand over your gun to Bobby, there will be no trouble.
He sighed, and drew his gun from his jacket pocket, handed it butt first to Bobby, who tossed it into the sea. He then searched Murphy, careful to keep from obstructing Gerrys aim.
Murphy had no more armament. Thats not very nice, said Murphy.
No, said Bobby. Come on unload the inflatable, and stack the goods where I show you. He picked one of the boxes from the tender, and Murphy did the same. Bobby went up the steps to the deck, and placed the first box against the stern rail. This way, it will take less unloading.
Gerry returned his gun, locking the cupboard, and then the three of them ran back and forth, until they had emptied the inflatable.
You want the tender back on the deck roof? Gerry said.
No, well tow it at the moment. Well sink it when we get well out to sea. We must get going. Life is getting dangerous.
Okay, said Gerry, what heading?
As we arranged, Dublin area. Can you arrange for Darren to take the helm when we get clear of the Dee Estuary? He had a sleep this afternoon, so hell be fit to stand a shift until say two oclock. When weve had a talk, I want you in bed, until two. Ill just get Murphy sorted, and we should be ready to talk.
Bobby led Murphy to the lower deck, showed him one of the cabins he could use, and where to shower. He could either turn in for the night, or if he wasnt tired, he could come to the upper deck, and they would be in the stateroom, which was through the door next to the aft deck.
Bobby went straight to the stateroom after leaving Murphy. He shouted through to the wheelhouse for his brother.
Gerry popped his head through the wheelhouse door. Give me two minutes, and Ill be with you.
Bobby spent the time getting beers from the bar fridge, and sitting by the coffee table. He looked through the window at the shore. Everything seemed quiet at the moment.
Gerry bustled through. The trouble is, were too shorthanded to have a passenger with us, Bobby. If the weather blows up, youll have to give us a hand.
Okay, Gerry, Ill stand my watch. I know you cant carry on two-handed. What I want to talk to you about is what happened on shore. We got the tender loaded, and I told Murphy to park the car on the road. He couldnt attract attention leaving it abandoned on the beach. Thats what he was going to do, would you believe? Any way, he got in the car, did a three point turn on the beach to get up the ramp. As he was doing that, his headlamps caught a movement, over on the road. Two guys running away. As they ran, one dropped something on the road. I chased after them, but they had too good a start. But I picked up what they had dropped.
Bobby, reached in his pocket, brought out the night sight binoculars, put them on the coffee table. Gerry reached over, picked them up, and looked at them.
Expensive equipment, military standard, but hardly police gear, he commented. But it does mean weve been spotted, and they know the boat were from.
Yes, said Bobby, the markings on the tender. Thats why I want to sink it. Then we say that it was stolen about two weeks ago.
Gerry grinned. Thats right, I phoned you, and said should we inform the police. And you said, thats a waste of time, they never recover anything, didnt you?
Youve got the message, Gerry. But what do you think happens now?
The police are going to be searching for us. The Irish police might patrol their coast, thinking thats where we heading; especially after the ferry incident with Murphys boys.
I think the English police will co-opt the search and rescue choppers, too, and maybe alert ferries, as well.
Dont worry too much, Bobby, the seas a big place. Look how difficult navies had locating foreign convoys, and that was in the days of steam, huge ships, blowing black smoke miles into the air. During the Second World War, there were convoys to Murmansk in the Arctic, supplying Russians with lease lend equipment. Fourteen hundred merchant ships sailed and only 6 per cent were sunk. Lots of convoys the Germans didnt find.
True, the danger is going close to shore.
I agree, Bobby. It would be better to do the transfer at sea, if your people would agree.
They dont have a boat, as far as Im aware. Otherwise they might have suggested it.
They could do a deal with a fishing boat. That would be good. Theyve got lifting gear. No-one would bat an eyelid when they get into port, if a commercial type vehicle picks up off the vessel. Everybody would think it was fish.
By God, yes, it could work. Why didnt we think of it before?
Because it was easier for us to ask them to collect off the beach?
Right, I need to get in touch with the russkies now.
Bobby stood up and made for the wheelhouse. Gerry hadnt moved. You know it has gone 11pm? he said.
They keep late hours. He came out of the wheelhouse with the handheld phone. It looked like an ordinary satellite phone, but slightly larger; a bit like an out of date cell phone. It was a Globalstar satellite link phone, one that Bobby had only had installed a year ago, superb for the business man that wanted to keep in touch. Or, in Bobbys case, the slightly criminal man who wanted to keep in touch. Bobby got his index book out, flicked the pages to find the number, and then tapped the keys.
Boris? Its Bobby here. We picked up the goods tonight, but we were seen. I think the police and coastguard will be flying over the Irish coast tomorrow, and it will be risky. Im phoning from my boat, and weve just been having a brainstorming session. Listen, we have a solution. Hire a commercial fishing boat, and meet us at a GPS location we set up, and you will have lifting gear on board, it will take a few minutes only. And you can unload in the harbour without arousing suspicion. We are prepared to finance your hiring of the boat.
Not as easy as you think. It will take time, would you agree? And also, did you know that the Irish Navy have boarded more than one thousand fishing boats last year? They are allowed to do this under the fishing regulations. That could be awkward, no?
But I will make some enquiries in Cork tomorrow with my people. You are going to stay at sea, for the moment, yes? It could be maybe twenty-four hours before we could meet you. Have you fuel enough?
One moment, I must speak to my brother here. When he had related the gist of the call, Gerry said, Fuel will be okay, we can put a sea anchor out, and hardly use any fuel. But he is right about the Navy. It needs some investigation. Presumably they are looking for boats out side of the fishing areas. But Boris will find out.
Gerry spoke again to Boris. Okay, we have enough fuel. Gerry agrees about the navy, but see what you find out. Speak to you tomorrow. He took the phone back to the wheelhouse, and when he came back into the stateroom, Murphy was just entering from the deck. He looked rather pale. Are you okay? asked Bobby.
Does the boat always rock like this?
No. Mostly its much rougher. Weve got a calm sea tonight. Tomorrow, we are going to be waiting, and the boat not moving. Then it will rock, you just see.
Murphy groaned. He sat down, and accepted a proffered whisky. Ten minutes later, he was outside with his head over the rail.
CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN
Miller got into the car. Bloody hell, I dropped the night glasses, and that guy picked them up. You dont want to know how much they cost.
That guy was really upset to see us when the headlights lit us up, wasnt he? He was at us like a panther, said MacBride.
You cant blame him. Weve put him at risk. Did you see the inflatable?
Yes. It was stencilled down both sides: Contessa, Douglas.
Dead giveaway.
McBride said, Are you going to tell the super in Belfast?
Too true, though I might have difficulty convincing him, in view of the ferry incident. Still, he cant afford to ignore it.
Miller dialled the superintendents number, and was surprised to find he was on duty. He explained what they had seen.
The superintendent said, Very interesting. Fits in with snippets weve been picking up. Ill follow it up, thanks a lot.
Share it with the English cops, if you will. Ive got no contact with them. Miller finished the call.
The case ends here, I suppose, said McBride, but I think
we moved things on, and I dont imagine Murphy will be at liberty for long.
Talking about the case ending, said Miller, I meant to tell you. My sister phoned this morning, saying there was a letter for me, marked URGENT. I asked her to open it and it was from my employers asking me to report to their office in Kinshasa. Thats in the Democratic Republic of Congo. I told you Id signed on for some more rough and tumble. My air ticket is for two days time, flying out of London. Im leaving the hotel tomorrow. Ive really enjoyed myself, John.
I think I might just fly out to Douglas, and spend a few days painting on the island. Ive never painted there. I must speak to Ian, and see whether he thinks the paintings will sell. Its all about money when youre painting for a living.
They drove back in silence to the Manor House hotel, each occupied with their own thoughts.

Both men were in the hotel bar, enjoying a nightcap, when Millers phone rang. Dusty, I made some enquiries after you told me about Murphy.
Youll be interested to know that the Contessa is a motor yacht owned by a guy called Bobby Bell, who lives in Dublin, but was born in Belfast. He has never been apprehended but is known to have a shady past. Hes into property development now. Thats a bad business since the recession. I could imagine him fencing the goods for Murphy. Thanks for the tip- off.
He told McBride what the policeman had said.
That reminds me I said Id phone Ian Smith. He pulled his own phone out of his pocket, dialled.
Smith answered. My goodness, John you do keep some late hours. Its half past eleven.
Sorry, Ian, I didnt realise, are you in bed?
Good God, no. Im having a drink, and trying to sort out some accounts.
Ian, I thought about nipping over to the Isle of Man to do some painting. I know Ive two more to finish here, which will be done tomorrow, if the weather holds. What I wanted to ask you is, would you be able to sell paintings of the island?
Should be able to, there is a couple of galleries I supply over there, so its a good idea. Look forward to seeing them.
McBride said goodnight to Ian, arranging to take the local paintings over to him late the following day. He turned to Miller: Looks like Im going to Douglas, he said.
Youd better be careful, without me to hold your hand. Dont get yourself killed.
CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT
Gerry had the Contessa ambling along at about six knots, the Gardner diesels burbling along.
The sea, now that they were away from the land, had a slight swell, and Murphy was still out on the aft deck, looking distinctly seasick.
Bobby went out to him. I have some pills somewhere, do you want me to dig them out for you? Or even better, Ive got a wristband my previous wife used. It presses on a certain nerve, and, supposedly stops you feeling sick. My wife swore by it, and would wear it always when she was aboard. It stopped her throwing up, thats a fact.
Bobby, Ill try any fucking thing, the way I feel
Bobby rummaged around in some drawers in the stateroom, and came through to the deck with pills, a glass of water, and the wristband as well.
Right, Eamonn, put the band on your wrist  the button goes at the bottom, same side as your palm, thats it. Now take a couple of pills. He put the pills and the glass on the table which was in the covered part of the deck. You can find me in the wheelhouse, thats through the stateroom and up a couple of steps. Let me know if youre going down to your cabin. I dont want to think youve fallen overboard.
Bobby went through to the wheelhouse to talk to Darren who now had the helm, and was yawning, his hair tousled, and he had obviously been sleeping in his clothes.
Bobby said, Tired? I take it Gerry has filled you in on the course and speed?
Sure has. And Ive got to heave to when the Irish mountains show on the horizon. He thinks there will be choppers flying along the coast trying to spot us. Quite exciting isnt it?
Bobby looked carefully at his face. He was being serious.
An hour went by, now without conversation, Bobby searching the sea for other boats. He thought he saw a ferry on the horizon, but in the faint haze, it could have been a trick of his eyes. The radar was on, but Bobby didnt even bother to check it. There was a noise behind him, and Murphy came into the wheelhouse, beaming. This wristband is working a treat, Im off down to my cabin now, Ill see you in the morning.
Goodnight, said Bobby, and to Darren. Do you want something to eat? Im going to cook bacon and egg.
Darren turned to him. That would be great, thank you Mr Bell.
Hey, you can call me Bobby. Two eggs okay?
Darren nodded, and smiled. Bobby went forward into the galley, poked around in the refrigerator, found eggs and bacon. He found a fresh loaf in the bread bin, stuck some slices in the toaster, put eggs and bacon in the frying pan. It was not long before he came into the wheelhouse with two plates.
He put them on the edge of the chart table, disappeared to grab knives and forks, also coming back with a napkin to protect the table surface. Darren and he quickly tucked in, and as they were scraping the last of the food into their mouths, Gerry appeared, looking refreshed, even though he had barely two and a half hours sleep.
Hey, Bobby, do you think I could have an early breakfast? Bobby nodded, went out with the two empty plates.
Gerry went over to the chart table, read the GPS, and made a pencil mark on the chart. About half an hour we want to be heading south west, round the coast of Anglesey, remarked Gerry, but Ill take the wheel before then. He looked at the radar; nothing within ten miles of them, and nothing coming towards them. He quickly calculated how long to be equidistant from the Welsh and Irish coasts. He made some more pencil marks on the chart, used a calculator, reckoning maintaining six knots, and came up with a time 6 a.m., about another four hours cruising. It would be dawn at about four thirty. He turned the chart light out, and when his eyes had adjusted to the dark, he could see the horizon line, and a faint glimmer on the waves, from the light of a quarter moon. He opened the wheelhouse door, and stepped on to the foredeck. It was cool, but not so cool that he shivered in his shirtsleeves.
He could hear the sound of the waves as the boat slowly went forward. The diesels could only be heard out here, if one listened carefully. Gerry took big breaths of the crisp air, and then turned and went back into the wheelhouse, to be met with aroma of eggs and bacon, which Bobby had just brought through from the galley.
Ill eat this through in the stateroom, Darren, and then you can go off duty for four hours. Then Ill expect you to be back in the wheelhouse, okay?
Yes, sir, said Darren, his eyes alternately on the horizon, and watching the compass bearing.

At four thirty, Gerry watched the dawn gradually spread across the seascape. To him, when at sea, this was the magic time. He felt as if he was the only man on the planet. There was nothing but sea whichever way he looked. He faced astern to see the moment the first glimpse of the sun rising out of the sea. And there it was, the wheelhouse taking on a pink tinge from the first rays of a new day. He turned back to the charts, and plotted a new position. The yacht was nearly mid sea now, equidistant from land. He yawned and rubbed his face. Darren would be up soon. Bobby had gone below only two hours ago, and Gerry would not call him before seven, if he wasnt up here before. He hadnt seen anything of Murphy for several hours. They were south of the ferry routes here, and he hadnt seen any ship, never mind a ferry for three hours now. He checked the radar again. Not a blip.
He heard the wheelhouse door opening. He turned back to see Murphy entering, a grin on his freshly scrubbed face. He was still in his pound shop clothes that hed worn the day before.
It isnt often Im awake at this time of morning, never mind out of bed, he said, but it is worth it for the weather.
Yes, at the moment, Bobby said, but the forecast isnt good for tonight. Theres a storm blowing up later. It wont bother us, well just ride it out at sea. The only problem with storms is near land. But I would hate it to interfere with transferring the cargo. He looked at Murphy. It might mean we have to ditch it overboard. He watched Murphys reaction.
Murphy said, If you do that, you can chuck me in as well.

By ten that morning, everyone was up on deck, looking across at the Irish mountains showing up on the horizon, blue grey in the bright daylight.
Gerry said, Look, now, there, just coming to the right of the big mountain, can you see the helicopter?
Thats the second one this morning. By all accounts, that is quite a search they are putting on, said Bobby
The Contessa was lying now with the sea anchor out, the rope stretching out from the bow, the boat lying downstream of the sea current, hardly making any drift at all. When Gerry had checked they had only moved three hundred yards in an hour.
Murphy had cooked a meal ranging between breakfast and dinner in its constituents. This had been a big surprise, finding Murphy to be a more than adequate cook. Bobby thought that your guests on a voyage sometimes surprised you.
The sound of the phone ringing gave everyone a start. Bobby dashed into the wheelhouse.
Hello there Boris I didnt expect an answer so soon. He listened without comment for about a couple of minutes, and then said, I should think so. Just give me the readings again. He grabbed notepaper from the chart table and a pencil, and started writing figures down.
He read the figures back to Boris. Just let me talk to my brother, he said, turning to Gerry, who was now waiting behind him.
Gerry, its Boris, hes suggesting one pm at this location. He showed him the paper he had scrawled the figures on.
Gerry calculated mentally, looked at his wristwatch. Lots of time, its barely two hours steaming.
Bobby spoke in the phone. Okay, Boris, thats fine. In fact were only two hours from that location, so if you want to make it earlier, we can do it.
Its a matter of the Irish destroyer, I know its itinerary, and we dont want to be anywhere near it, so lets leave the time I stated: one this afternoon
When he had terminated the call, Bobby said: Gerry, you heard that?
Yes, I caught the gist of it. We can start out now and be there an hour early, thats what I would suggest. Anyone who isnt needed, should get their heads down for a few hours. The weather is going to be blowing up by three oclock, and I think were in for a hard night, judging by the latest forecast, but it will blow out quickly, by six or seven tomorrow it will be calm again, they say.
Darren and Gerry went out on deck to pull the sea anchor in, and then they set off for their rendezvous, Bobby at the helm, Darren also in the wheelhouse.
By the time they had reached their rendezvous, the sea was quite choppy. They put out the sea anchor, and watched for the fishing boat. It was Darren who saw it first.
Look, Bobby, Ive spotted her. He was pointing, and Bobby following his finger, spotted her too. First it was just a smudge, and then they could see that it was a small trawler. Darren, get the others up on deck. When Darren disappeared, Bobby went to the locked cupboard in the stateroom, unlocked it, and took out two of the AK 47s. He went on the aft deck with them. When Darren came back up, he sent him to set the starboard fenders. By now they could clearly see the fishing boat, blue in parts, rusty in parts, standing higher in the water than the Contessa. There was a hoist amidships, based on a central mast. Bobby could see several men on deck.
Gerry appeared at his side, taking one of the AK47s. Good man it shows we are ready if they cause trouble. Shall I signal that they come alongside on the starboard.
Yes please, said Bobby.
CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE
Darren and Murphy were on hand to take the ropes when they were thrown by the fishermen. The two boats were quickly nestled alongside each other. The roughening sea sent plumes of water up between the boats. Bobby looked up to the deck of the trawler, now at least five feet above them, saw Boris and gave him a quick wave. Boris leaped down on to the Contessas aft deck, after biding his time, waiting for the right moment when both boats had momentarily paused in their tossing. He grasped Bobbys hand, the one not clasping the machine gun.
Hello friend. Theres no need for the guns, surely?
I hope not, replied Bobby, but there are more of you than there are of us. Have you got the password for the bank account?
Sure I have, Bobby. He reached in his reefer jacket pocket, brought out an envelope, presented it to Bobby, clicking his heels mockingly. Bobby smiled. Let me just go and check this, I know you will want me to. Can I offer you a drink, meanwhile? You would like a vodka perhaps?
Boris grinned. You do know our weaknesses, yes?
Eamonn, go into the stateroom with Boris, and get him a large vodka from the bar, and something for yourself.
Bobby went straight into the wheelhouse, taking his machine gun with him, which he leaned against the chart table. He opened his laptop, entered the bank website, and once it came up, entered the user code, and then the account code. He then had to enter his password, which he did. The account balance was displayed on the screen: Three million, two hundred thousand pound sterling. Tearing open the envelope Boris had given him, with trembling fingers he withdrew the single sheet. Across the centre of the paper was the second password needed to move the balance over to his account. He typed it in.
A message was displayed. Both passwords validated. To transfer funds between accounts press, and there was an image of a button. Bobby clicked on the button, and a new page opened up with: From account number  to account number  amount in figures 
Bobby filled the spaces, from the account with the money, to his own account, and the value 3,200,000.00 and ticked pounds sterling. He then clicked on transfer. The computer showed another page with his own account, and amount transferred. Bingo, the money was in his account! He hurried back out of the wheelhouse. Eamonn and Boris were still at the bar in the stateroom, leaning there, drinking and talking.
Bobby came in, Okay Boris, thank you, the money is transferred. Shall we start moving the cargo?
Ah, yes, Bobby, we have work to do, and tossed the remainder of the drink down his throat. I have also, for you, some cash, as agreed. He handed the briefcase to Eamonn. Murphy put the case on the bar top, and clicked the catches, opening the case. It was full of fifty pound notes. Murphys eyes glistened. Thank you, he said.
They all moved out onto the deck. Is this the bullion here? asked Boris, picking up one of the boxes, and hefting it in his hand. Can we see inside one of the cases? We need a crowbar, or even a screwdriver will do. Bobby shouted over to Darren, who shot away into the wheelhouse, and returned immediately with a ten inch screwdriver.
The wind was rising now, and whistled round the superstructure. Spray from the wave tops was being flung across the deck. Boris braced; his legs wide apart as he opened the first case easily, pulling out two ingots, looking at them carefully, then replacing them in the box, hammering the top back with his huge hand. He took another box at random, did the same, and then nodded his big head. They are okay, he said, then raising his voice he shouted at the fishermen on the other boat. The jib of the crane swung over to the aft section of Contessas deck. The crane was carrying a large mesh net made from stout rope, supported on the corners to make a large bag. The crane lowered it until it was lying on the Contessas deck.
It was then only a matter of tossing the boxes into the middle of it. With five pairs of willing hands, it was only the work of a few minutes to clear all the boxes off the deck, and into the net. Boris signalled the man operating the crane, who had been watching them.
They all stood back, as the crane started to haul in the rope, and the net closed into a huge sack, which went up off the deck, and when it was clear of the handrails, was swung across to the rear deck of the trawler. Boris waved, and clutched a rope ladder that had been slung down from the fishing boat, and nimbly climbed it. The ladder was retracted.
Gerry and Darren undid the mooring lines, and Darren got hold of a boat hook and leaned his whole weight on it, to separate the boats. A large wave completed the task, and the boats were rapidly separating. The trawler engines suddenly surged full ahead, and the boat was moving into the maelstrom of spray and mounting wind.
CHAPTER FORTY
Gerry hurried into the wheelhouse. Darren ran along the boat, shipping the fenders, and he in turn also entered the wheelhouse. Bobby was there, too.
Darren, break out the life vests, said Gerry, one for each of us. From now on, until the storm is over, everyone has to wear his life vest, inside or out. Moreover, no-one goes on deck, without using a life line to fasten them. If anyone goes overboard, well never get them back. This is serious. Bobby, take one of these vests to Murphy, and repeat what Ive said to him.
As Gerry had been speaking, the day was darkening, with low clouds racing across the sky.
Gerry switched the chart table light on.
He was worried that the sea anchor might well be torn off the chain, or the sailcloth anchor itself might rupture. The sea anchor consisted of a canvas drogue, which keeps the bow to the wind, and in a very heavy swell, the line must be of sufficient length that the drogue and the boat are not being affected by the same wave. The danger would be if the line suddenly fractured, or if the drogue split under the pressure of water being forced through it. If this happened, the boat could broach to, and in a heavy sea, could roll over and sink. So Gerry decided to run both engines at slow ahead, to take the pressure off the sea anchor.
A quick calculation of the miles travelled on this voyage gave Gerry an estimate of the fuel remaining. It was now approaching three pm, and if the storm lasted ten hours, they would use 2500 litres, and probably be sixty miles from Douglas, another four hours steaming, or maybe a further 1200 litres. It would be close, but he reckoned there would be fuel in hand. He started up the engines, and adjusted their speed that the props were just taking the pressure off the sea anchor.
Bobby came through to the wheelhouse. Gerry explained what he was doing, and the maths behind the fuel situation.
Just when Ive got the money in the bank, I dont want to go down with the boat, he said, smiling ruefully. Ive just dumped the guns overboard, and I was going to sink the tender, but maybe we should wait. I mean, in case we have to abandon ship.
Gerry said, It wont come to that, I can assure you. But wait until the storm is over before you sink the tender. And I mean that because to be on deck is dangerous. Hows Murphy taking the rough weather?
Better than I expected. The wrist band is working. I am amazed by that. I always thought it was a placebo. Anyway hes in his cabin, probably counting his money. I think he can trust Boris, a true business man, Ive always found him.

Over the next two hours, the wind got worse, and even though it should have been daylight, the sea met the clouds in one continuous tone of black, with the occasional crackle of lightning on the horizon. The Contessa was climbing each individual wave, cleaving through it when the boat was not yet at the top of the breaker, and solid water rushed down the foredeck, obscuring the view from the wheelhouse, and crashing on the rear deck roof, sending cascades of water across the rear deck. Then the boat came charging down the back of the wave, the remains of the water on deck came rushing back to hit the stateroom. The whole boat was a mass of creaking timber, as the hull took the strain.
The old boat is doing well, said Gerry. Theres plenty of plastic tubs would be in trouble in this weather.
I think this is the worst weather weve sailed her in, said Bobby, I hope theres no big ferries heading for us.
Gerry glanced at the radar, which was specked with small dots as it picked up the spray. I cant see anything round here, he said, I would think the ferries will have cancelled their timetable until the weather improves. Ill rouse Darren in a while, and well get some food. It will have to be sandwiches, I think. We cant cook until the weather improves. Thats the best thing.
Bobby said, Whats the best thing?
That the weather always improves eventually
And how long is it going to be like this, do you think?
Well the forecast was for it to have blown out at about one in the morning, so I would think it will stay like this for maybe four or five hours, and then begin abating, but maybe so slowly that you will not notice for an hour or two.
Gerry busied himself with the chart, and Bobby looked forward at the waves coming over the bow.
Suddenly there was a new sound on the boat, slow thudding. The bilge pump said Gerry, I hope we havent sprung a plank in the hull.
Bobby listened to the steady heartbeat of the automatic pump. It was triggered to start pumping when a float in the bilges made an electric connection. And then he heard, above the wind, an irregular noise, a crashing sound. Just like a door hitting something. He turned round staring through the stateroom window which was at the rear of the wheelhouse. There were no lights on in the stateroom, but there was one light on over the rear deck, and, of course the riding lights casting a green and a red tone over the boat. And then he couldnt see the deck light. Then a loud noise, and he could see the light again.
It suddenly got through to Bobby what he was seeing: the stateroom door to the deck. It was unlatched, and swinging on its hinges every time the boat moved with the violent swell.
He shouted to his brother: Gerry, the stateroom aft door is open Im going to close it, and raced through the stateroom. He could see now where the bilge water was coming from.
The door opening again to crash back against the bulkhead, was allowing all the water collected on deck to gush through into the stateroom, and immediately down the companionway in a cataract of gigantic proportions. Bobby caught the door as it swung forward again, and latched it securely. As he did so he glanced through the glazed portion of the stateroom bulkhead, and saw a bundle in the far corner of the deck, and seawater was draining from what looked like a yellowish mass. Again his brain was late in recognising what he was seeing, and then he opened the door, hooked his lifeline to the railing, and edged his way quickly round the deck, battered by the wind, which was gusting violently, carrying with it sheets of cold sea water.
Murphy lay on his stomach, legs stretched out, his fingers clawing to stay in contact with the deck. In one hand he clutched the briefcase of money.
Eamonn shouted Bobby, bending down and shaking his shoulder, Are you all right?
Murphy groaned, and reached up with his free hand and clutched at Bobbys soaking wet jeans.
Bobby gripped him with both hands and began to drag him towards the stateroom door. Every time the boat met a wave, the water crashed over the deck, washing them backwards and losing a few inches of forward movement that he had attained during the time the boat slid down the other side of the wave. It seemed to take a long time to get Murphy to the doorway, but eventually he was able to open the door and literally push him through. Bobby pulled himself into the stateroom, and forced the door shut against a fresh surge of seawater.
Stay there a moment, commanded Bobby, and latched the door, against the possibility of it opening again, then strode rapidly through the stateroom and into the wheelhouse.
Whats happening? asked Gerry, still concentrating on the boats helm. The door was open, and after every wave the water was rushing down the companionway, hence the pump starting. At least I hope thats the reason. And Murphy was lying on the aft deck, clutching his briefcase. Ive dragged him inside, and locked the stateroom door. If Im right, the pump should cut off in a few more minutes. Ive left Murphy lying on the stateroom floor.
Gerry said: Get Darren out of bed, and hell give you a hand
As he finished speaking there was a relative silence, apart from the sound of the storm outside.
Bobby said The bilge pumps stopped.
So it has, said Gerry. Thats one less thing to worry about.
Bobby said, Ill get Darren out of bed now, and between us well get Murphy down below, and sorted.
Murphy was still lying on the stateroom floor where Bobby had left him. He was shivering, and lying in a big pool of water.
Just hang on in there for a few moments, and well have you back in your cabin, in some dry clothes. He dashed down the companion way, made his way forward to the crew quarters, having to brace himself with both hands on any available part of the boat to stay upright.
He flung the door into the crew quarters open, and shouted: Darren, can you give me a hand with Murphy, hes been on deck, and Im trying to get him back in his cabin.
Darrens head poked round the edge of the door, hair a tousled mess. What time is it?
I dont know, my watch seems to have stopped working. About seven, I would think. Im sorry to have to get you up.
Bobby turned and led the way back to the companion way. Are things okay up top? asked Darren, yawning.
Were still afloat, said Bobby, climbing the stairs ahead of Darren. Back in the stateroom, he bent over Murphy. Darren and I are going to carry you back to your cabin, and then get you some dry clothes to wear, and some hot tea. Okay?
Murphy, still shivering said Yes, thank you.
Between them, Darren and Bobby got Murphy to the head of the companion way, then Darren went down first, taking Murphys feet, Bobby leaning over from the top, lowering Murphy by his shoulders, then Bobby was sitting on the top step, and Darren had Murphys feet on the floor.
Murphy, Bobby shouted down, do you think you can stand up now?
I am doing, for Gods sake, he shouted back. Bobby rattled down the steps.
Get in your cabin, Bobby said, getting hold of his shoulder and pushing him through the door that Darren held open. Now strip those wet clothes off, and Ill fetch some spare clothes of mine. He turned, went out of the door, entered his own cabin, got a shirt and chinos from his wardrobe and a large bath towel, and came back.
Now get yourself completely dry, and put the clothes on, then your life jacket on as well, instructed Bobby.
Ill get some tea from the galley, said Darren, and vanished up the companion way. Bobby fetched a large whisky from the bar, which Murphy downed in one. Thats better, he said
Bobby became aware of the noise down below decks, now that he wasnt urgently attending to things. Apart from the creaking of timber, there was the rush of the sea, and the pounding on the hull, as the waves broke. Frome above came the sound of the howling wind. It was less frightening topsides.
Why did you go up on the deck? Bobby asked Murphy, who looked up from putting a leg in the fresh chinos.
I had a bad dream that the boat was sinking, and woke up believing it. I grabbed my money and went on deck, ready to swim for it.
You would have lasted about ten minutes in the sea, and youre lucky you werent washed off the deck.
I nearly was, I was so terrified, I darent move.
If you go back outside while this storm is blowing, you use your line to clip on to the deck rail, you promise? And dont leave hatches or doors open. That sound like a heartbeat was the bilge pump trying to get the water out, that you were letting in through the stateroom door. Were lucky the door wasnt blown off the hinges.
CHAPTER FORTY-ONE
Darren came down with tea in a thermos. No good putting it in a cup, he said, wouldnt be anything in it by the time I got down here. Can you sup it straight from the flask? He looked at Murphy, who nodded and took the flask from him.
Bobby returned to the wheelhouse with Darren, and reported to Gerry that the patient appeared to have survived, and was back in his cabin. Its a bit damp below decks, but the water hasnt got into the cabins, because of the fiddles in the entrances. Its just run down into the bilges, as it is supposed to do.
They had to shout now, to be heard above the wind even in the confines of the wheelhouse, but Gerry was pleased with the handling of the boat, and easing the strain for the sea anchor by use of the engines was working, and Gerry privately reckoned that they could survive at least twelve more hours in this storm intensity. After that he only problem would be running out of fuel.
Gerry said, How about rustling up some sandwiches for us all? Theres some ham in the fridge, and a tube of mustard in one of the cupboards. If you fill two thermos flasks with coffee, that will be good. Bobby might help you. Be careful with the knives, you dont want any wounds.
Both men were back in the wheelhouse in thirty minutes, bearing two thermos flasks and a large bowl of sandwiches.
The sandwiches are in a bowl, because they would slide off a plate, explained Darren. Everybody tucked in, surprised that they were so hungry, not having thought about food during the hours of the storms intensity. They passed the flasks round amongst themselves, quenching their thirst with long swigs of the dark liquid.
Gerry checked the instruments again. The GPS showed that they were holding their position, in fact very slowly they were moving in the direction of the Isle of Man, but only by half a mile or so. There were still no ships on the radar, but the screen appeared clearer than it was an hour ago. Gerry didnt tell the others. If the storm was abating, there would be further signs. It was best to wait, rather than raising false hopes.
How about you taking over, Darren, and Ill have a kip in the stateroom, said Gerry, Then Ill be on hand, if you need me. He knew he would not have suggested that if he thought the storm would get worse, and this gave Bobby confidence. Whether Darren had picked up on this, he did not know.
Two hours later, when Bobby went into the stateroom to have a nap, he found Gerry hard on in one of the easy chairs, and sat down in an adjacent chair, and was soon deeply asleep.
At 10pm, Darren realised that the weather conditions had improved. The boat was still mounting big waves, but the water being shipped over the bows had definitely eased. He had to throttle back slightly, as he was afraid they might overrun the sea anchor, which then might foul the props. After a further hour, the storm had abated to such an extent, that he had the engines set at idle, and decided to wake Gerry.
Gerry came awake the moment Darren touched his shoulder. Eh, whats wrong? Darren explained that conditions had improved, and they may as well haul in the sea anchor. And commence to motor towards the Isle of Man. Gerry went into the wheelhouse, checked the instruments, saw that the boat was just about stationary without the engines in gear, and agreed with Darrens summing up.
Youre right, Darren, we need to get the sea anchor in. Can you do that? Keep your lifeline attached while youre on deck. Darren darted out on to the foredeck, clipped his lifeline to the railing, and pulled the anchor rope, and the line to collapse the canvas drogue. Once the drogue was collapsed it was easy to winch the anchor rope on to the drum. Gerry watched him from the wheelhouse door, and was soon urging him back into the dryness of the wheelhouse. Although the storm was easing rapidly, it was raining hard. He switched on the rain wipers, and put the engines into gear, initially cruising at eight knots. He aimed to speed up the boat to about its maximum cruising speed of seventeen knots, once the storm had eased well back. He did some calculations, and estimated that they should reach St Maryport at about five oclock, and drop off Murphy there. They would then motor a fair distance off shore, and finally enter Douglas marina, where he guessed the police would be waiting to interview them. It had initially been Bobbys plan to drop off Darren as well, but this would cause suspicion, because it was unlikely that they had used only a two-man crew.
Hey, Darren, go and wake up Bobby, I need a word with him, said Gerry.
Bobby, yawning and rumpled came into the wheelhouse. Whats the situation? he asked Gerry. My God, the storms nearly over. He looked out of the wheelhouse door at the racing waves, and closed the door.
We need to do several things before we get to the island in the morning. Getting rid of the tender has high priority. And Darren needs some rehearsing about where weve been. I dont think we shall be able to drop Murphy off in Castleton, the tide is wrong. Well make for St Maryport. You can get in there at all states of the tide. But I dont think we should drop Darren off there. The police will know that the two of us couldnt have survived the storm two-handed. No need to cause even more suspicion. Do you agree?
Bobby stroked his hair. Yes, makes sense, so we just drop off Murphy in St Maryport. Now, he said, turning to Darren. If youre questioned, and you will be, the story is this: we just sailed up the Scottish coast, moored off Oban the night before last, ate on the boat, went out on the town, a couple of pubs, and were back about ten oclock to sleep on the boat.
We had intended to sail further up the coast, but the forecast was bad, so we put to sea yesterday afternoon, and the rest is as it really happened last night. While the storm was lessening, we decided to sail down the western coast of the island, and round the south, into Douglas, because we didnt want to enter the marina, until the weather was better. How about that, can you remember it?
Sure can, Bobby. What about the tender that youre going to sink.
We never had it on this last cruise, it was stolen out of the marina two weeks ago. Gerry told you.
Bobby was satisfied that they would all be telling the same story. He went into the galley, got a sharp chefs knife, and laid it on the chart table.
As soon as its light, Ill rip open all the buoyancy pockets and sink the tender, he told Gerry. Im going to sink the outboard with it, too. I cant take any chances.
Next Bobby, went down to the lower deck, knocked on Murphys cabin door, shouted Eamonn, are you awake?
I am now, Murphy grumbled. Bobby entered the cabin, looked down at Murphy lying on his berth, lifejacket on over Bobbys spare shirt and trousers. There was colour in Murphys cheeks.
Its half past twelve. At five oclock we are going to drop you off in St Maryport harbour. I dont think therell be anyone around at that time. Its low tide so therell be no fishermen about.
You can have my clothes, and youve got a dry jacket. I dont want you to leave anything behind, because the boat will be crawling with police when we reach Douglas. Leave the cabin tidy, make up the bed, if you dont want to take your wet clothes, chuck them overboard now, okay?

As soon as dawn broke, Bobby was on the dive platform, slashing the rubber tender, until he was sure it would sink. He coiled the painter and wedged the coil under the rear seat. Then he held on to the step rail and with his foot, pushed violently at the dinghy, which he had balanced on the edge of the platform. It slid begrudgingly into the water, and was quickly left behind by the Contessa, which was now doing seventeen knots. He watched, and almost immediately it began to sink, and by the time it was two hundred yards away, it was completely gone.

They all stood in the wheelhouse watching the Isle of Man coast as they neared it. Murphy clutched his money-filled briefcase. He had no other luggage. Gerry gave him some last minute instructions.
Go and stand on the dive platform when I tell you to. Ill come in to the harbour entrance, but theres not much water, because its nearly low tide. When I see some fishing boats moored up to the harbour wall, Ill edge the boat up, and when I shout, you grab hold of a boat, and leave us. There are lots of ladders up to the quayside. If you fall in, you will have to get yourself out. We will motor straight out of the harbour, you understand?
Yes, of course.
St Maryport is the only Isle of Man harbour which, due to the building of the Alfred Pier more than a hundred years ago, is accessible at all states of tide. Gerry had the relevant chart out, and saw that they had to approach from the west of the pier. As they rounded the end, they could see that all down the leeside were small fishing boats, moored two and three abreast. Gerry manoeuvred the Contessa very slowly beside the boats. Darren was out with a boathook in his hand, Murphy was on the diving platform. Gerry stuck his head out of the wheelhouse, shouted Now! and Murphy scrambled quickly on to one of the fishing boats.
When Gerry saw that Murphy was off the Contessa, he used the bow thrusters to clear the way for him to boost the engines, and they were making a large arc through the harbour, and out again to sea. Bobby looked back, and saw Murphy climbing one of the iron ladders, briefcase in his hand, a lonely millionaire.
Gerry set the boat due south until they were three or four miles clear of the coast, and then set a course due east. The still large waves were now directly abeam, and the boat rolled; it had no stabilisers fitted. Bobby remembered he had considered fitting them when he had acquired the boat. Suddenly feeling nauseous, he wondered whether he had dismissed them too hastily. He busied himself wiping down any surfaces he thought Murphy might have left fingerprints. The police might dust the boat; he had to take all precautions. He started in Murphys cabin. He was relieved to see that he had left it in a tidy condition.
Bobby searched all the drawers, and hanging spaces, to make sure nothing had been left behind. Then, starting at one side he wiped all the surfaces.
By the time that Bobby had been through all the boat, wiping surfaces, and checking for any incriminating evidence, he felt considerably better  when Darren shouted down that he was making breakfast, he realised he was hungry.
CHAPTER FORTY-TWO
McBride, keen to get a days painting in the Isle of Man was off early, taking the first plane out of Liverpool to Ronaldsway. The trip was only short, and after lifting off from John Lennon airport, they were descending to land in the Isle of Man within thirty minutes. Whilst on the plane, McBride was amazed to learn from promotional literature, that the airport was used as early as 1912, and air races were staged there before the Second World War.
As they descended, McBride could see that it was still a small airport. They didnt need a large airport. The population of the whole of the island was only the size of a market town in England.
No sooner had he got into baggage reclaim, than the carousels were rolling with the luggage from his flight. Because McBride had taken his painting equipment as hand luggage, he had his small suitcase in the hold. He quickly reclaimed it and was amongst the first passengers into the concourse. The baggage reclaim was at one end and the departures at the other end of the main building. An escalator led up to the security area for departures.
McBride had a clear view across the airport. A few passengers were ascending the escalator, and McBride eyed them casually as he walked along. Then he saw that Murphy was among the riders on the escalator. He was wearing a heavy short coat and chinos, with a baseball cap. In one hand he had a smart briefcase. It was this incongruity that had drawn McBrides attention. Without another thought he sprinted across the concourse, his luggage dropped where he had been standing, leapt on to the escalator, and pushed past two passengers to get behind Murphy. By this time they were at the top of the staircase, and as Murphy stepped on to the first floor, McBride rugby tackled him, grabbing his legs, so that Murphy fell and skidded along the marble floor, his briefcase sliding a good distance further on. Murphy scrabbled pulling McBride with him, as he struggled to regain the luggage. He was shouting. But McBride clung grimly to him. The scuffle attracted a lot of attention, and it was only seconds before two burly security men were busy separating the two contestants.
Dont let him go, panted McBride. Hes wanted for murder. His name is Murphy.
The first security man grabbed Murphy, and hauled him to his feet. McBride reluctantly let go of his ankle. Please dont let him go, hes wanted for armed robbery and murder. He scrambled to his feet, assisted by the other security man. The first man had a
radio in his hand, calling for assistance. Almost immediately a third man appeared. It was probably the total of the security staff at this small airport. The three of them plus Murphy and McBride were moving now along the first floor concourse, and through a door that one of the security men unlocked with a key from a long chain connected to his belt.
They all entered a room that had windows high up in the wall, about six feet from the floor. As a result they were short squat windows, not throwing much light on to the floor. The first guard through the door, operated a switch on the wall, and the room was illuminated by harsh light from multiple fluorescents in the ceiling.
The room was not furnished as much as populated by long tables down one wall, and metal framed chairs here and there. There was no handle on the inside of the door. The security men let go of McBride and Murphy, dealing first with McBride. Right, you, whats your name?
McBride.
And wheres your luggage?
On the floor, where I dropped it, I suppose, just outside of baggage reclaim. Theres a small suit case, and an artists easel, like a small wooden case.
The guard used his radio, on receipt of this information, and soon confirmed that it had been picked up and opened to check for explosives. It had been cleared, and was waiting to be collected. The guard who had used the radio beckoned one of the others, who slipped out of the door using his key. Hes fetching it, the guard explained to McBride.
The guard then beckoned to Murphy to come over to the table with his briefcase. Lay the case down there, the guard said, pointing to the table.
Reluctantly, Murphy put the case on the table, still keeping hold of the handle.
Come on, open it, said the guard, and Murphy fiddled with the combination locks.
Just then, the other guard opened the door from outside, his hands full of McBrides luggage.
Murphy saw his chance, and swept his briefcase from the table, swung it round expertly, so that it caught two of the guards in the face, and caught the door as it was swinging shut, and was outside the room, the door shut in McBrides face. He was the only one quick enough to know what was going to happen. The guard who hadnt been hit in the face was already on the radio, speaking to someone. Obviously, there must be other security staff in the vicinity. One of the injured guards picked himself off the floor, and quickly opened the door with his key. The three guards then ran quickly out, followed by McBride, who was anxious that Murphy would not escape. Murphy had charged, it seemed, at the downward escalator, pushing those already on the staircase downwards, and they were lying
in an untidy heap on the floor below. McBride leapt for the staircase, taking mighty bounds to reach the lower level in no less than three leaps. Stumbling over the writhing passengers on the floor, he reached forward and grabbed Murphy by the jacket, as he exited the pack.
Murphy endeavoured to wriggle free of his jacket, but it was still buttoned, and McBride hung on for backup, which came when the three guards arrived at his side. It was all done bar the shouting, and Murphy was quickly hand cuffed, and led back to the security room. This time, Murphy opened the briefcase, and the assembled men gasped when they saw the neatly arrayed fifty pound notes filling the case to the brim. One of the guards phoned the police station, and they waited while help arrived.
The police were efficient, partly because they had been made aware from the English mainland of Murphys exploits, and tipped off that he might arrive on the island, even though he was actually attempting to leave it.
They interviewed McBride at length, but decided he could be released, so they would not be holding him.
CHAPTER FORTY-THREE
The three of them ate a makeshift breakfast in the wheelhouse, and by the time they had eaten, Gerry had rounded the southern point of the island, and they were heading north. There was an immediate change in the boats motion, heading now into the waves, and the rolling stopped. Bobby began to feel cheerful for the first time that morning.
A few minutes later, they saw a helicopter head out from the land, circling the boat. A coastguard helicopter, observed Gerry. Hes looking for us, on police instructions. Theyll be radioing to Douglas.
It doesnt matter, said Bobby. When we left Oban, after the storm we headed down the west coast of the island, so that we would arrive back in daylight. Thats why were south of Douglas.
Of course, commented Gerry, drily.
The helicopter eventually rose higher and headed back to land. Got to refuel, said Bobby.
When they were eight miles from Douglas, the helicopter came back, and hovered over them until they were in the outer basin of the harbour.
Thats been an expensive exercise, said Gerry, as he watched the helicopter turn and fly off south. They motored at minimum speed through the outer harbour to avoid their wash causing problems for other boats. As they entered the marina, they saw that their pontoon had police standing on it waiting for them. Bobby counted four uniformed men and two plain clothes police as well.
Fenders down on the starboard side, Darren, and prepare to moor. Will you help him? Take the aft line, Bobby.
CHAPTER FORTY-FOUR
Gerry spun the Contessa neatly alongside the pontoon, throttling back until they were stationary alongside, only inches clear of it. Bobby and Darren stepped off the diving platform where they had been waiting, and moored the boat. The police stood well clear whilst this was going on.
Bobby looked up, said to the elder of the plain clothes men, Can I help you?
The man reached into his pocket pulled out his badge. Isle of Man police, sir. Can we have a few words with you? And perhaps search the boat? Would you be Mr John Bell?
Usually known as Bobby Bell, but yes you are right.
Could we come on board?
I suppose so, but youll have to take your shoes off, unless you have boating shoes. You can leave them on the diving platform, here. Im sure nobody will nick them, there being so many cops about. Bobby smiled. He stood on the platform, and watched as, one by one, they undid their shoes, and lined them up. Then he gestured for them to mount the steps to the aft deck.
Gerry stood on the deck with Darren, and Bobby introduced them. This is Gerry Bell, my brother, and skipper and Darren, who is crew.
The police stood, ill at ease in their stocking feet, one man in particular who had a hole in his sock, which he was trying to hide with his other foot.
The man who had first accosted Bobby now introduced himself. I am Detective Inspector Parrish, sir, and this is Sergeant Wilson. He indicated the other plain clothes man. First, is there anywhere we might talk? And would you let my men, he waved at the uniformed police, search the boat? If you would agree, it will save getting a warrant.
Bobby smiled again. Of course, weve nothing to hide. If you disturb anything, I am sure you will put it all back where you found it. Boats are small spaces, relatively speaking, and we have to keep them tidy to avoid falling over things. As to where we can talk, come through into the stateroom. Bobby went through the door, followed by everyone else.
Bobby gestured for the two men to sit down, and pulled over another two chairs. Bobby and Gerry sat down. Bobby said, Darren, show the policemen around.
When there were only the four of them left in stateroom, Inspector Parrish said,When you were in the Wirral the other night, you used a tender with the boats name on the sides, to pick up a person off the beach.
Not me, Bobby shook his head.
I dont see the tender anywhere on the boat, unless its below decks. What have you done with it?
It was stolen a couple of weeks ago, I told my brother about it on the phone. My brother lives in Dublin.
The Inspector seemed to be shot down in flames. Where have you been? he asked. This last trip? asked Bobby. We went up to Scotland. We would have stayed longer except a storm blew up, so we rode it out at sea.
The Inspector pounced. When the helicopter first spotted you, you were south of the island, which would indicate that you were sailing north. If you were coming from Scotland, you would have been sailing south.
We came down the west of the island, and round, waiting for the storm to ease before we tried to get into harbour.
There was a knock on the stateroom door and a policeman poked his head round. Excuse me guv, would you like to have a look at these charts? He came through clutching three charts under his arm, and laid them on the coffee table.
He pointed with his finger. This one is of the Dee Estuary, thats the Wirral, sir, he explained. There are pencil marks down to the anchorage behind Hilbre Island.
What do you say to that? asked the Inspector. You told me you didnt go there.
I said wed just been to Scotland. Of course weve been to the Dee
Estuary. About three years ago, wasnt it, Bobby?
Thereabouts, agreed Bobby. I bet you can find charts, with pencil marks on them for all over the Irish sea, and down the French coast, all the way round Ireland, and Scotland too. But we havent had time to go to all those places. We only left Douglas, what, three days ago was it?
The Inspector sighed, waved the policeman away, who collected the charts and put them back under his arm.
Another policeman entered, without knocking. How do we look in the bilges? Your young man said to ask you, Mr Gerry.
Gerry looked up. Therell be nothing down there but a bit of water, but you can have a look. He got up, went out with the man.
The inspector stood up, paced around. This is a nice yacht youve got, Mr Bell. How much does a boat like this cost, approximately?
Bobby laughed, Ill tell you exactly, Inspector. It cost two hundred and forty thousand. Pounds, that is, not euros. Its not the capital cost, its the running costs that are a bugger. You wouldnt want to know.
What do you do for a living, Mr Bell? I know what your brother does.
Im a property developer. I used to be an estate agent before that.
And a gun-runner, Ive heard, said the Inspector.
Ive never heard that, said Bobby, because it wouldnt be true. He had his fingers crossed behind his back.
The inspector went to the door onto the aft deck. A policeman stood there, in his stocking feet. The Inspector spoke. Round up the lads, were leaving. He turned back through the door, and said to Bobby, One day, well catch you.
Pity I didnt have my solicitor with me, you issuing threats like that, said Bobby, mildly.
The inspectors mobile phone rang. He answered it, standing there in his stocking feet. Parrish, he said, and listened for a few minutes. Thank you, you want us up there to assist, or shall we meet you at the station? He listened again, switched the phone off.
Now theres a coincidence, Mr Bell, said the Inspector, weve just nabbed Murphy at the airport. I bet you wouldnt be able to shed any light on that, would you?
Youre dead right I wouldnt. He certainly wasnt coming to see me. Coincidences do happen, Inspector.
He wasnt coming, Mr Bell, he was leaving.
CHAPTER FORTY-FIVE
Bobby was leaning over the rail of the rear deck of the Contessa, admiring the bustle of the marina, and basking in the beautiful late morning sunshine. He didnt have a worry in the world, and it had been a long time since he could say that.
He glanced across to the other side of the marina. A man was standing on one of the pontoon jetties, with a tripod easel in front of him. He looked as though he might be painting the Contessa. It would be a nice walk round the harbour to find out, so he went down the steps to the diving platform and stepped onto the pontoon. He climbed the harbour steps, and at the top, looked again across the dock at the figure. From this vantage point, he could see the man was holding a palette in one hand, and a brush in the other; definitely an artist, then.
John McBride was watching with interest, the progress of the man from the Contessa as he made his way round the harbour, and guessed that he was the destination. He had immersed himself again into the painting in front of him, so that it was with a start that he heard a voice immediately behind him say Thats my boat youre painting.
McBride turned round and was confronted by the man who he had tracked with his eyes circling the waterside.
Yes, I know. I was watching you as you left your boat  the Contessa. It is a super yacht. What year was she built? Some time in the fifties?
You have an interest in boats? Yes, she was built in 1957, teak hull with mahogany superstructure, twin diesels, sleeps eight plus crew. Bobby stopped, looked at the painting which was taking shape on the easel. That is a fantastic painting.
The picture showed the magnificent buildings of Douglas south side above the harbour, which was full of pleasure craft, and the Contessa lay right in the foreground. The subject of the painting.
Is the painting for sale? asked Bobby.
Yes, of course. I paint for a living, answered McBride.
Then Ill buy it, and hang it in the stateroom. Im expecting to be able to spend more time sailing. I will be retiring in a few months time, while Im still young enough to enjoy it.
You dont know how much the painting is, yet.
Okay, tell me.
If you want to get the painting framed locally, it will be 600 unframed. Tell the framer to put mirror plates on the frame, that way, the picture will be secure in a rough sea. Also to put ultraviolet screening glass in the frame, so that if you are moored for long periods where the sunlight falls on the painting, it will not fade.
When will the painting be finished?
McBride put his head on one side, looking at the painting, and then looking at the scene in front of him.
In about half an hour, he said.
Do you mind if I watch you?
Of course not. Do you know, I thought I saw you on the beach in Hoylake, on the Wirral a couple of days ago.
Bobby Bell smiled. I think you must be mistaken. I was in Scotland with my boat. I just arrived back early this morning. Funny you should think that. I had the police swarming over the boat as soon as I berthed. They searched it from top to bottom. Eventually they went away sure they had made a mistake, apologised profusely. Apparently the confusion arose because someone was using a tender with Contessa painted on it, picking up a guy off the shore in Hoylake, would you believe. We told them that the tender was stolen from our boat over a fortnight ago. I was in Dublin, but my brother Gerry Bell phoned to tell me. He lives in Douglas, and keeps an eye on the boat for me. Well, he can see it from his house, which is there. Bobby Bell pointed at the painting, Bell Chandlery, just on the harbour wall.
Whilst they had been talking, McBride was still putting paint on the paper. Im sorry that I was mistaken. No hard feelings?
Of course not, said Bell. It was an understandable error. It would be impossible to prove, even if you had seen a boat like mine. Seven more boats were produced of this class, by a boatyard on the English south coast, although one boat was destroyed by fire a couple of years ago. A fire at sea is something that every sailor fears.
I couldnt see the boat, it was anchored out near Hilbre Island, and it was dark.
I know the place  I was there a few years ago. The Dee Estuary, its very shallow.
The only practical anchorage is in the lee of the island. From Hoylake, in the darkness, you would not be able to pick out the shape of any boats at anchor there, only their riding lights. So, you are retiring? From what? said from round a number eight sable brush, clenched between his teeth. He did not look up, concentrating in painting the water, the first wash, with a number sixteen brush. Then, with the smaller brush, now taken from his mouth, he was adding reflections, wet in wet.
Property development. Its been a bad few years, and I wont be sorry to see the back of it.
But you obviously wont retire a pauper, said John McBride. The boat, for instance. And the upkeep of it, must consume a few bob.
Yes, said Bobby Bell, it isnt the capital thats sunk in the boat that hurts, its the annual running costs, the insurance, the mooring fees, maintenance, fuel. The list is endless, it sometimes seems. But its worth it, if you love boats.
You could charter it out, a boat like that.
I could quite easily. I know a couple of fellows who do just that. But I couldnt let other people sail around in my yacht. I just couldnt. Id rather sell it, if it came to it that I couldnt afford it. But it is unlikely to come to that, I hope. Ive got a big investment in a shopping centre in Dublin that is nearing completion, so I can cash in there. Or just take the dividends to live on. Ill buy a property here in Douglas to live in, if Im not living on the boat. That will be cleverer than you think, because the income tax is very low, no more than twenty percent, and the maximum tax you are charged in one year is one hundred and twenty thousand pounds. There are no inheritance taxes, either. Perhaps you should consider basing yourself here. Or, of course as an artist, you would pay no tax at all in Ireland.
I intend to spend the winters on the Med, living on the Contessa. My brother Gerry, who has the chandlery, and who skippers the boat says we could take it to Florida, sail the Keys. Crossing the Atlantic isnt a big problem. A lot of the way you are island hopping, Madeira, the Faroes, and so on.
Sounds good, said McBride, slightly distracted, as he put the finishing touches to the painting. Just have a look, and make sure Ive got your boat right. Youll know, if I havent.
Bell looked at the painting closely. Yes, youve got it, spot on.
McBride made sure the painting was dry, and unclipped it from the bulldog fasteners, and clipped it back to the board, with back of the paper exposed. He selected a soft lead pencil from his shirt pocket.
Ill just make a few notes for your framer, he said. And on the back wrote: 16 x 20 frame, with 2 ivory double mount. Fit mirror plates, and UV resistant glass. Seal frame well to avoid damp penetration.
Bobby Bell said, If you come over to the boat, Ill pay you, and I hope youll have a drink with me. The sun is well over the yardarm.
McBride looked at his watch, amazed to see it was ten past one. Hed certainly had a busy day so far. He quickly packed his easel drawer, then collapsed the easel until it was a small wooden case, easy to carry in one hand. In his other hand he carried the board with the painting clipped to it.
Right, he said to Bell, Lead the way.
They gradually threaded their way down the pontoons, and then up the harbour wall. Once at the top, they walked along the quayside, going along the end where Bells Chandlery stood, Bobby Bell waving and smiling at his brother, who stood in the doorway talking to a beefy fisherman. Eventually they arrived at Contessas pontoon, and Bobby Bell led the way, stepping on to the swimming platform at the aft end of the boat, and then up the steps from there to the afterdeck. On this deck there were gaily upholstered sun loungers, and tables within easy reach. Some more formal garden type chairs were placed round a larger table which were under the covered deck. This deck had open sides, and there was provision for the hanging of canvas wind awnings.
Bobby Bell pulled out one of the chairs at the table, and indicated that John McBride should be seated. Ill just be a minute mixing the drinks, he said, and disappeared through the door to the stateroom. First he went down the companionway to the lower deck, and into his cabin. In a bulkhead, he touched one of the panels, and it swung open to reveal a safe. He quickly opened it, took six 100 packets of Isle of Man notes, and put them in his pocket. He closed the safe and the panel, and went back up the companionway to the stateroom bar. He took two glasses off the shelf, and a bottle of gin. He went across to the deck door.
Will gin and tonic be okay, or would you prefer beer?
Beer, please.
Back at the bar, Bobby pulled a can of beer out of the fridge, and mixed gin and tonic for himself.
Sitting down, Bell said, Cheers, and took a swig of his gin.
Bottoms up, replied McBride.
Bobby Bell reached into his pocket brought the 600 in Isle of Man currency on the table. Here you are. This is for the painting.
McBride looked at the money on the table. Oh, yes. Thank you. Ill let you have a receipt.
Dont bother, the painting is the receipt. Just come with me, leave the drinks here.
Bobby led the way through the door into the stateroom. He pointed to the bulkhead opposite the door, to one side of the door to the wheelhouse. He strode over to the wall, used his hands to gesture and frame the area he imagined the painting would be. What do you think?
McBride gazed at the opposite side of the room, at Bobby holding his arms up the wall. Yes, I think it will be fine there. With the mirror plates, you just put woodscrews through them, and it will hold the picture solidly, without any chance of it coming down in rough weather.
Bobby went over to a chair, sat down. I will sit here and admire it, and think of this day, he said.
McBride said: Will you show me round your boat? You told me you would.
Oh, yes, sure. Well this is the stateroom, and through here. He opened a door, went up a couple of steps, is the wheelhouse. He turned round as McBride came through, Is the state of the art technology. Weve GPS, echo sounder, radar, satellite telecoms, Wi-Fi. Were never out of touch with the world. The engine room is aft, as I told you we have twin diesel engines. Gardners, overhauled a couple of years back. We have a bow thruster, electrical, so we can turn on a sixpence.
And a pair of night vision binoculars, just like my friend lost, down in Hoylake. I saw somebody pick them up.
These? said Bobby Bell. Why they belong to my brother Gerry, he skippers for me. Bobby stepped through another door, out on to the foredeck.
Weve got a companionway here down to the crew accommodation, and this way, said Bobby, theres the galley with full catering equipment, and a dining room up forward of that. Back here, Bobby about turned, walked down the side deck aft, where there was a companionway off the aft deck, he started down, followed by John McBride.
This is the lower deck, Here is the owners cabin, he opened the door to show a magnificent cabin running the full width of the boat, 20 feet across, and 20 deep. Fitted furniture, dressing tables, chests of drawers, lined each side. There was a 78 wide bed, and flanking that, wardrobes at either side. There was even a sofa and two easy chairs. A television screen was mounted on one bulkhead. There was a door off to an en-suite bathroom.
This time, McBride looked round and raised his eyebrows.
Bobby trailed John round the rest of the cabins, and even into the crew quarters. They went back on to the upper deck, and Bobby said, I think youve seen it all now.
Come on, weve been neglecting our drinks. He led McBride back to the aft deck, where they sat again, with their drinks.
When did you arrive on the island Mr McBride?
This morning, actually I flew in from Liverpool to Ronaldsway. I just came into the main area, when guess who I saw, friend Murphy, I believe you know him. He was going up to the departure lounge, to go through security. He saw me, and turned to run. Im afraid I did a rugby tackle and floored him. Then it was all hell with the security staff. We both ended up in handcuffs. But once we sorted it, they let me go. So I got a taxi into Douglas, and booked into a hotel, and came down to the harbour to start my first painting. I told my agent Id let him have ten pictures of the Isle of Man.
I heard about Murphys arrest this morning, probably as it happened. The police were searching the boat, when the news came through to the detective sergeant. So he told us about it.
Another amazing coincidence, McBride said with a grin.
Indeed it was. I had no idea that Murphy was following me around, or so it seemed. He and I were at school together in Belfast. But after leaving school, I went into estate agency, and Murphy went into crime. He had a bad start in life, parents kicked him around. He wasnt loved.
McBride stood up. Well thank you for the drink, and thank you for buying the painting. I must get on, now, probably paint another picture this afternoon.

Bobby Bell leaned on the rail, and watched McBride walk down the pontoon, and up the harbour steps with his easel case in one hand, board in the other. When he was out of sight, Bobby went through to the wheelhouse to put the binoculars in a drawer. That had been a silly mistake.
He searched high and low, but the binoculars had gone. Bobby swore under his breath. Thieving bastard.

McBride had tied the case up as tight as he could. Murphy would go to prison for a long time. He must email Dusty Miller tonight, tell him about todays events. And tell him that he had recovered Dustys binoculars.
CHAPTER FORTY-SIX
Danny Nolan lay in bed, wondering where he was. He had a crashing headache, and somebody was talking. In fact two people were talking. He plucked up courage to try and open his eyes, any light and his headache would vanish off the top of the pain meter.
He half-opened one eye. It was fairly dark in the room. But whose room was it? Not his flat, that was for sure.
Above the pain, his brain started working. They had buried his kid brother yesterday, or more correctly cremated him. The pain was due to the monstrous amount of drink he had consumed with Jimmys police force cronies. It was coming back to him now. He was in a hotel bedroom. He opened his eyes fully. He was lying on a bed, fully dressed. Talking was coming from the television set. He must have left it on last night.
Suddenly he heard the voice on the television mention the name Murphy. He sat up on the bed, sharply, making his headache worse. He squinted at the screen. A female newsreader said, He was arrested this morning at Ronaldsway Airport on the Isle of Man. Over now, to our man at the airport, John Smythe.
The screen showed a man dressed in a blazer, standing outside an airport, or maybe he wasnt at the airport at all, but standing in front of a bit of stock footage being screened behind him. He spoke into a microphone he was holding, whilst looking direct at the camera, or maybe looking at the autocue surrounding the lens.
Im here at the Isle of Man Airport, where a dramatic incident has just unfolded. A passenger who had just landed at the airport, recognised Murphy, the man police have been looking for in connection with last weeks armed bullion hijack. He was just making his way to the departure lounge. The passenger rugby tackled Murphy, and security staff took both men into custody at the airport. Murphy, who is believed to have left England several days ago, was carrying a briefcase believed to contain over a million pounds sterling.
Eamon Murphy, sixty, has been taken into police custody, and will appear tomorrow morning at Chester Magistrates Court. He is expected to be remanded in custody, charged with murder and armed robbery. The passenger who tackled him has been released without charge. The picture changed and the woman announcer said And other news this morning
Nolan, reached over, and switched the set off. My God, he was in the right place, at the right time, and with the right equipment. Now Danny knew he would be able to avenge Jimmys death by Murphys hand.
Danny was staying at a Premier Inn which was no more than fifteen miles from Chester. He had ample time to scope out the Magistrates Court, and get ready to shoot Murphy, as he was coming out of the Court tomorrow.
He hurried downstairs, through the restaurant to the reception desk.
Good morning, I seem to have overslept. Room 29. What time do I have to vacate my room?
The young female looked up at the wall clock. About half an hour ago, she said, deadpan.
Okay, Ill just go and get my luggage. Can I have my bill?
The girl took pity on him. You can have another half an hour. We arent full tonight. She turned to the computer, tapped a few keys, and the bill was spewing out of the printer. She removed it with a flourish, and placed it on the counter, right way up for Nolan to read.
Gosh, no wonder Ive got a bad head this morning, he said. There was a seemingly endless list of wines and spirits on the sheet.
You didnt drink it all yourself, said the girl. I was on the desk, and I saw a lot of people helping you.
Danny Nolan pulled out his wallet, and prepared to max out his credit card. When he had sorted out the financial transaction, he sped upstairs to pack his case.
When he re-entered the lobby, he said to the receptionist, Do you have a street map of Chester? She pointed to a rack of maps and paperbacks. I think there is one on there. The maps are on the bottom shelf.
Nolan eyed the street plans, Birkenhead, Liverpool, Manchester, and finally Chester. He pulled it out, grimaced at the price, and paid for it.
The girl took his money. If this is too expensive, you might get a free one at the Tourist information in Chester.
Id probably need a map to find it, smiled Nolan. Ill have this one.
Out in his car, he looked up the central area, and spotted the Magistrates Court, and, nearby a multi storey car park attached to a shopping centre. He plotted a route, writing on a notepad directions for himself.
He was amazed to see that it was lunchtime already, and once en route, kept his eye out for somewhere to eat. He had forgotten, or couldnt face the food when he was fragile. Now he was rapidly recovering, and hunger pangs were niggling.
He pulled into the forecourt of a large pub that advertised food all day. As he entered the bar, which was quiet in this pre-lunchtime period, he saw a rack of newspapers, and pulled one out for himself, as he approached the bar. There was a sandwich menu, and he looked at it as he ordered a coffee. When the barmaid came back with his coffee, he ordered a round of sandwiches. Whilst he waited for these, he unfolded the newspaper, but it was printed too early for news of Murphys arrest. He glanced round the bar for a suitable table, and noticed a television attached to the wall at the far end of the room. It was on, but with the sound turned down. It was tuned to Sky News, with breaking news scrolling across the bottom of the screen
Danny Nolan sat at a table near the television set, and when the barmaid brought him the sandwich hed ordered. He asked if she could turn up the sound and sat eating his sandwich, and catching up with the news, most of which didnt interest him in the slightest.
The news about Murphys capture came round again, but nothing extra was given. It was just a rehash of the news item he had seen in the hotel. In fact it was now abbreviated, because they no longer broadcast the live clip outside the Isle of Man airport. Danny wasnt disappointed. There could be very little to say before Murphy had attended the magistrate court hearing, and then the media would have a field day, if Danny did the job right.
What a mistake Murphy made when he decided to murder Danny Nolans young brother. Danny Nolan, maybe the only sniper in Europe. That was asking for trouble.
Nolan daydreamed through his lunch. Would he use the car to shoot from? He had done that a few times during the troubles in Belfast. That was okay then, in a city he knew like the back of his hand. If there was trouble, he could vanish quickly. Not so easy in Chester, a city he didnt know at all. The idea of operating as a sniper from a car hadnt been his idea, it had been his superior in the provos. And it had worked very well. They had adapted cars, so that the rifle could be hidden in the roof lining. Even if the car had been stopped, they were in the clear. That had gone on for a couple of years, and then the British Army had raided one of their hideouts, and found a car they had used. They stripped it down, and discovered the sniper rifle, and its hiding place. Danny had also shot from trees, and the upper rooms of houses.
In this case of dealing with Murphy, he had no time to rent a room overlooking the court, so that was out. Which method he would ultimately use would be decided tonight.
One thing for certain was that this method of murder in peacetime had never been used, as far as he was aware, in England. It had been in the USA a few times, certainly; and during times of war, yes.
It was strange that this method of murder wasnt used. It was detached, for the murderer. Unlike knife work, or close up shooting. One shot at a range of three hundred yards, and sometimes more, and, in the distance, a body fell to the ground. It was certainly detached. Nolan looked at his watch as he came out of the pub. It was not even one oclock. Coming into Chester, traffic was very slow on Hoole Road. Nolan didnt know it, but traffic was always slow on Hoole Road. Eventually he was over the railway bridge, and then left, he remembered, and eventually came to what he had called the very large roundabout. In fact, it was a large rectangular one way route, encircling a block of buildings. He thought that he should be off at the fifth exit, but in confusion, he took the fourth exit. And it became obvious it was the wrong road he was on very quickly. Now he had to find somewhere to turn round, and it was a very busy route. Eventually, he came to a wide stretch, where he was able to do a U-turn, in a gap in the traffic, although it earned him a fair bit of horn-blowing.
Then it was back to the huge one way rectangle, and this time he was very careful to take the correct exit. Nolan saw the multi-storey car park as he approached, and signalled a right turn into the entrance. But there was a sign forbidding what he was about to do. Swearing under his breath, he cancelled his signal and drove straight on. He assumed that sooner or later he would be able to turn and backtrack. Eventually he arrived at a roundabout, and he was able to do just that. When he approached the car park again, he was able to turn up a short street that terminated at the car park slope. The ticket barrier was on the first level, but still on the cusp of the slope, so that stopping to extract a ticket was not easy. Once through into the car park, he read the tariff board. Twenty-four hour parking was allowed at a charge of 15. That would suit him He reckoned that he would be leaving the car park by ten or so the next morning. If not, he would be leaving Chester in a big white 4GS van.
He left his gear in the trunk of the car, and wandered down to street level, with his map of Chester. Standing on the street, he checked direction, and then made his way purposefully to Chester Crown Court. He walked past the front of the impressive modern building, and then turned into St Nicholas Street. The frontage had no car parking, but was a public entrance, and indeed, he imagined, the way in if you had attended without police escort. Walking along St Nicholas Street took him past the side of the court building, until he came to the car park. In fact there was the main car park, and then beyond, an overflow car park.
This is bordered by a street running at ninety degrees to St Nicholas Street. It is called Weaver Street, and the back of the Magistrates Court is Cuppin Street.
It was a cinch of a location for snipers. There were large trees all over the site. Danny entered the car park purposefully, as though he had parked there, and walked towards the far side of the park, then looked towards the back of the court. As he had expected, a couple of 4GS prisoner carrier vans were parked up in one corner. He dawdled, acting as though he was a member of staff, and had just come out for a smoke, reaching in his pocket, putting a pencil in his mouth, and pretending to light it. He took the pencil out of his mouth, cupped it in his hand, walking around in small circles. He didnt have to wait long. The double doors at the back of the building opened, and a man accompanied by two hulky guards, came through on to the terrace, which had railings round the perimeter, except where a flight of steps, wide enough for three people to descend abreast, came down to the car park.
Indeed, the three people did descend abreast, and at the bottom wheeled left to the waiting vans.
Nolan was very happy. It just got better and better. He looked around the car park, the furthest, and the biggest trees were about three hundred yards away, There was a nearer group, about one hundred and fifty yards away, a bit close perhaps, if police, instead of attending to the victim, ran straight to where they might have thought the shot had come from. That was unlikely, and, thought Nolan, could be discounted. The first thought would be that the shooter was in a car, or on foot. By the time that happened, if indeed it did, he would be on the ground, no weapon in his possession, because it would still be in the tree, and he would be just an onlooker. In fact, he wouldnt be running away, but just another of the people who would be coming to see what had happened. The ambulance and police cars would arrive quickly, as well as police from the court building, where he imagined, business would be suspended. He would stick around in the crowd, until the ambulance turned off its blue lights, an indication that Murphy was dead, and nobody needed to rush.
The stairs down from the terrace were another bonus. The guards and Murphy would pause at the top of the steps, looking down to tread on the first stair. Nolan would focus his sight on the top step, and then wait. It would be like shooting birds in a cage.
CHAPTER FORTY-SEVEN
Nolan wandered idly out of the car park and into Cuppin Street. He walked down on the right hand side of the street, so that he was on the pavement running adjacent to the Court car park. As he walked down, he glanced at the trees. The group he had decided would be suitable to shoot from, he needed to check out. As he came up to them, he examined the branches, the third one of the group, and therefore the one nearest to the target, looked ideal. The trunk was three feet in diameter, and the limbs started at about fourteen feet from the ground. He thought it was a sycamore. It was a very limby sort of tree, and would be ideal for him. But it was early afternoon, and he didnt need to be up in position until late tonight. Or rather, in the early hours of tomorrow, before it got light.
He decided to window shop, followed by an evening meal. Then perhaps he would go to the cinema, if there was one. He bought a copy of the local paper in the shopping centre, and sat in a coffee house, reading it. There was indeed a cinema easily reached on foot from the city centre, it advertised. But when Nolan looked on his map, it looked quite a long walk. But he had nothing else to do this evening.
At 6pm, window shopping finished, he found a chain restaurant in Eastgate, with Italian style menu, and went in and ordered. At least in a chain restaurant, people were unlikely to remember you. That might not be the case in a more up-market establishment. The food was quite good, and Nolan lingered over sweet and coffee, reading his newspaper. To avoid drawing attention to himself he made sure that he did not outstay his welcome, and left for the lengthy walk to the cinema. When he arrived he found that it was a multiplex, and that there was no less than a choice of six films. He made a choice that would finish in time to see another film later in the evening, and that he would be out at midnight. The first film he saw, he enjoyed. When he went in to see the second film, he fell asleep, and didnt wake up until the lights came up, and the sound of people departing woke him.
He walked slowly back to the city centre. When he arrived at the multi storey car park, it was gone one oclock, and there were very few people about. This seemed to him a good omen.
When he got to his car, he appeared to be the only person on that floor. He looked round for CCTV cameras, on the way up, but they were few and far between, obviously
installed in the early days of camera security. He reckoned he could get out of the car park without being caught by a single camera, if he was careful and avoided using the pedestrian staircase.
He went to the boot of his car, and pulled out an old golf bag. There were three clubs sticking out through the top. What was also in there, but not visible was a Lee Enfield .303 calibre British Army Snipers rifle, chosen at the factory for its consistent accuracy, because in the manufacture of hundreds of thousands of these rifles, quality varied. It was then fitted with a wooden cheekpiece, and with a telescopic sight, a number 32 3.5X. Not a very powerful sight, but good enough up to about 600 yards. The Lee Enfield was the staple rifle used by the British Army from 1895 to 1957 officially, but it had lingered on in use until the 1970s.
Nolan had heard that snipers could kill with it at 1200 yards, but that was an unlikely boast, in his opinion. Certainly before World War one, the rifle was fired in competitions called mad minute, when the aim was to hit a target at 450 yards, with the largest number of hits. A sergeant who scored thirty-eight hits in that time held the record. Each time the rifle was fired, the bolt action had to be slid back to eject the spent cartridge, and then returned to load the next bullet. The Lee Enfield had a clip-on magazine that held ten bullets, eleven including a bullet in the breech. The sergeant who held that record had to attach four magazines in that minute, never mind fire the rifle, and hit the target! Nolan had a magazine with only three bullets in it. If he couldnt hit the target in one, he wasnt going to hang around. The deadliest shot is a bullet in the head, but snipers play safe and aim for the mass of the victims chest, and the bullet kills by hydrostatic shock.
Nolan took out a length of rope, and wound it round his waist beneath his jacket. Fortunately, he was a thin man, and the result was only to make him look slightly overweight.
This was all the equipment he needed, and his next task was to get out of the car park unseen, and, of course, arrive at the Magistrates Court seen by very few, if any people. The give-away would be the golf bag. Before he left his car, he had changed his mind. He could actually get the rifle down his trouser leg, but he would have to wear a loose coat. The barrel went down the trouser leg, and the stock was retained by his belt although it reached his chest, hence he needed the coat disguise. Fortunately he was going to walk the streets in the dark, so he should get away with it. He had done it before. In the car boot, he had a walking cane, which he had to use, because he couldnt bend one of his legs, with the rifle in place.
Behind the car, he partially undressed, hiding the rifle, and looked down, with his coat on. He then used the walking stick in his other hand, and he could swing his stiff leg along in a convincing disabled way. He locked the car, checked he had the rifles magazine, and left to walk carefully down the vehicle ramps, which were not equipped with cameras, except at the exit. When he reached that point, he found the pedestrian exit at the back of the park, and slipped through the door.
He hardly met a soul on his way to the court. The streets in this area contained no nightclubs or other forms of night entertainment, for which Nolan was thankful. He skirted the courts perimeter, until he arrived in the deserted Cuppin Street. When he was opposite the tree he had chosen as his attack station, he stepped quietly into the shadows. In the deepest of these, he stopped and gazed upwards. The bough he needed to reach, fourteen feet up the tree, was itself more than a foot in diameter. He unwound the rope from his waist. It was knotted at intervals into loops that would accommodate his feet, and had a largish steel ring on the end. He swung the end of the rope, and let it go to loop upwards and over the bough. Years ago, when he was working with the provos, he had practised this move and many others, until he was perfect. The rope snaked back down again, and he snatched the ring and threaded the other end through it. He pulled until the rope was secured. He grabbed at the rope and pulled his flexible leg in a loop four feet up and straightened it using both hands to pull himself up. Then he changed feet in the loop, and repeated the exercise. A third time, and he could sit on the bough, and pull up the rope, and drape it round the branch. In the dark, anyone looking up in to the tree would not see him.
He took some time, deciding where he would position himself. With some difficulty, he extracted the rifle from his trousers, and reaching into his pocket pulled out the magazine, and clipped it to the rifle, with a small click, as it went smoothly into position. Nolan rested the rifle across two stout branches, parallel to the ground, whilst he was now free to manoeuvre through the trees canopy, selecting his position. He must be back in the shade that would come with sun-up, and yet have a good view of his target, and a comfortable position for himself, because he must spend some hours without moving. He needed a branch large enough not to be disturbed by wind, that he would support the barrel of the rifle on.
It took him three quarters of an hour to select and move to a favoured position, and then he had his rifle within easy reach. Resting back in a large crook in the tree, where three boughs joined, he dozed, and eventually slept, only to be awakened by the morning traffic passing a few hundred yards away on the main road. He looked at his watch: it was seven oclock.
CHAPTER FORTY-EIGHT
At eight forty-five, a large white van drew up next to the back door of the court, facing Nolan. Two men got out, one of them handcuffed to Murphy, and quickly mounted the steps to enter. Cars now started to fill the public area of the park, some of the cars were between Nolan and the door to the court, but he was not concerned. He was now eighteen feet from the ground, and the door into the court must be about six feet above street level.
Nolan expected that the Murphy hearing, if it came up first, and he thought it might, would only take, maybe fifteen minutes. All Murphy would be required to do was confirm his name and bail would scarcely be asked for or granted in such a serious crime. So Nolan had to be ready to shoot in about fifteen minutes on. And he had to be sure not to shoot the wrong person, if somebody else exited the building first.
He lay along one of the branches with his cheek against the stock, looking through the sight showing an enlarged set of steps. He aimed at the centre of the steps, and about five feet above. He watched, relaxing himself so that his arm and hands would not be tense, and thereby tremble. It was as well that he prepared himself early, because before he thought it possible the double doors were opening, and two guards, with Murphy between them, emerged. As Nolan had predicted, the group hesitated on the edge of the terrace, looking down to put their feet on the first stair.
Nolan had the sight in the centre of Murphys chest, and slowly squeezed the trigger. The rifle recoiled against his shoulder, but experience had prepared him to ride it. He heard the shot, a loud crack, reverberate off the court building and echo away. He saw Murphy pushed back slightly with the impact, and then he was crumpling, held up by confused guards.
Nolan, placed the rifle safely in the branches, then scrambled quietly down to the large branch that still held the rope. Nolan didnt let it down, he could hit the ground by hanging by his arms from the branch, and then dropping the remaining four feet, and bouncing quickly upright, and nonchalantly walking on to the street, looking round as though he had heard the babble of voices in the car park. As indeed he had. He entered through a space between the shrubbery. There were three people looking towards the court house, an elderly man and two women, one perhaps his wife, the other his middle aged daughter.
Nolan said, Is there a problem? I heard a noise as I was walking down the street.
The daughter said, God, a man has been shot. Police are coming out of the Court house. Look, she pointed, just there at the top of the steps. The man fell to the ground when a gun went off.
There were more people congregating. Police sirens could be heard rapidly approaching. Two cars swept into the car park, and Nolan and the other three people jumped back to give them room. They were quickly followed by an ambulance, blue lights flashing. There were probably thirty members of the public now edging forward. A policeman went towards them, urging them to keep back.
The ambulance men were putting Murphy, by now strapped to a stretcher, in the back of the ambulance. Ten minutes later, the ambulance flashing lights were turned off, and Danny Nolan knew that Murphy was dead. Several of the crowd began to drift away, and Nolan went with them, to collect his car from the multi storey car park. He left his equipment in the tree. It could not be traced to him.
About the Author
Currently a watercolour artist, specialising in landscapes and townscapes, David Chilcott's paintings currently appear in two lifestyle magazines and in several galleries. He also gives tuition in painting.
This might be why the subject of painting does appear from time to time in his first novel!
Preview: Cruise the Storm
Chapter 1
Michael Morton was an MI5 operative, late thirties, been with them since he left college. Sometimes he got good postings; sometimes he was given terrible jobs.
The last job had been a lousy one, so he deserved better this time. His last posting had been in Manchester, where it rained for much of the year. Or so it seemed. He was keeping surveillance of a middle-eastern gentleman. His boss was convinced that the man was about to blow up the big Arndale Centre in the middle of the city. Morton knew he wouldnt, because the Irish had already done that one, about twenty years ago. Terrorists like to be original.

After Morton had lived in a dingy flat for six months spending his time going through old CCTV tapes and discs. When he wasnt doing that, he would be sitting in vans up back streets, watching, always watching, and never seeing anything of note.
Keith Bourne had come up on the MI5 radar screen recently, when he had left the English Defence League, and started a terrorist league of his own. The White Christian League, or WCL for short. He took with him about twenty of the bad boys from the English Defence League, and they were pleased to get rid of Bourne, and even more pleased that he had rid them of the trash as well.
The White Christians had a rudimentary aim and object, fighting Muslims and Jews. After they had done a few street marches through Muslim areas of cities, taunting them with banners making derogatory remarks, they progressed to setting fire to mosques. Usually when the congregations were praying. This drew huge publicity to Bourne and his gang, and the membership rose fast. Morton estimated that they already had at least ten thousand members.
MI5 had missed information that not only Bourne, but about a dozen of his colleagues had booked a cruise on the Helena sailing from Southampton the day they found out. The owners of the Helena had phoned Morton, and asked him if he was aware of the party sailing that afternoon. And what crime were they about to commit. In the opinion of Sun Cruises plc, it might well be a hijack, to take place in the Med. It had happened before, although it failed miserably. That might allow it to happen again with no loss of face.
MI5 vowed that it would get its act together in future, and Morton told Sun Cruises that he was grateful for their alertness. Furthermore, he would like to join the voyage, perhaps boarding the Helena at its first port of call. This would be Vigo, in Spain. There was no way that he could join the voyage in Southampton. There just wasnt time. He calmed their fears by pointing out that there had never been a successful hijack yet. You couldnt count the Somali affairs, which was piracy, a different kettle of fish. He also mentioned that he was very keen to nobble the League, and together, they could do it.
Bourne had planned his proposed hijack, for that indeed was what he was going to attempt, with remarkable attention to detail. He knew that he couldnt get arms through with passenger luggage, because of the scanning equipment, so he had made other arrangements. They were going to have a bit of a holiday before the hijacking, the gang of them. Bourne was feeling laid back as he boarded the vessel.
Morton went to see his boss the day before he left for Spain. It wasnt often he got to head office. He arrived on the bus, and walked through the sightseers for the balance of the journey. Baxter met him in the foyer to ease him through security which was very tight at the moment  sometimes it was very lax, he didnt know why, and probably no-one else did. Baxters office was on the third floor, and they went up by the stairs. This was Baxters fitness regime. On the way down the corridor on Baxters floor, they stopped by the coffee machine, and bought drinks, which they carried into the small office, which was solely occupied by Baxter. Apart from Baxters desk and chair, there was just room for a visitors chair, and a single tall filing cabinet. Baxter kicked the door shut after Morton had entered, walked round his desk to his chair, carefully placing the plastic coffee cup on a coaster, and pushed another coaster over to Morton, for his cup.
Morton took a sip of his drink, shuddered, and put it back on the desk.
I think it is a very good idea to join the cruise ship, at least you will give you a break from Manchester. You might meet a rich young widow, bring her home, and leave the service to live on her fortune.
Morton smiled.
That would be nice. As I say, Sun Cruises are convinced Bournes going to attempt a hijack. The guys an absolute nutter, so they could be right. And since we didnt tip off the cruise line, I suppose we owe it to them to take it seriously.
Baxter looked at Morton. It could be really serious if we are sending innocent passengers into a hostage situation. It doesnt bear thinking about. Maybe we could suggest to Sun Cruises that they turn the ship round, come back to Southampton. Then we could have the police arrest the terrorists on some trumped up charge. By the time they got out of the cells the ship would have sailed without them.
I cant see Sun Cruises being happy about that. They think there wont be a hijack, because there are no weapons aboard. I tend to agree.
Baxter pondered for a couple of minutes, and Morton was on the point of standing up thinking the conversation was over, when he spoke.
Let us say for the sake of this debate, that the ship is clean, no weapons of any sort on board when it left Southampton. Another thought suddenly occurred to him. The crew dont have arms on board, or do they?
Morton shook his head. I have been assured by the chairman that they only carry six tear gas grenades. To quell riots, the chairman said.
Baxter laughed loudly. Riots? On a posh cruise ship? God, the average age of the passengers is probably about eighty! He carried on laughing for a minute or so, tears streaming down his face.
He did say that they never had occasion to use the tear gas, said Morton. He waited while Baxter had finished another bout of laughter. I dont really find it funny. So, as I was saying, we can take it that there are no weapons aboard as we speak, and the only way they can get aboard, is when they take on stores during the voyage. About a couple of occasions only. Baxter said, They really need to tighten up on their security, if they think there is going to be a hijack. There really should be no way to get weapons aboard, and if that is so, there can be no hijack. Unless it is going to be a bare knuckle fight. Baxter smiled at his wit, and Morton smiled because Baxter was his boss.
That is what I shall be looking at, when Im aboard. Security. The Line are sure that there are no weapons are aboard at present, because of their security measures, so I have to stop anything happening during the voyage. I can concentrate on that one hundred percent.
Good, said Baxter, What about Vigo, where you board. Could anything come aboard before you arrive there?
Ive checked that out, already. They take no stores aboard before their next port of call, which is Malaga.
Well, I wish you luck, and bon voyage. If you have any problems, give me a shout.
On the pretty young widow front do you mean? said Morton.
Not unless you want to tell me about that. Really, I was talking about the hijack.
Morton left his cup of coffee undrunk, and left the building wondering why the service couldnt do something about the ghastly drinks.
Chapter 2
Keith Bourne had last been in Spain over a year ago, before he was under surveillance by the MI5. Which as just as well, because then he was going to buy arms.
He recalled flying in on easyJet to Malaga and catching a bus to Fuengirola where he had booked a two bed studio apartment. This was as the money in subscriptions had started pour in.
He arrived in the early afternoon, found his apartment, left his luggage and headed for a bar he had seen from the bus. It was called The John Bull Bar, with a union jack fluttering from a flagpole angled from the wall over the name. You didnt need to be a genius to bet they spoke English, and moreover that they were English, or Scottish or Welsh. There were A-boards in front of the outdoor tables saying Roast beef dinners, fish and chips on one, and John Smith Bitter, on the other.
Bourne went inside, nearly dark in there, no customers, except himself. There had been no customers outside either. He stood still until his eyes became accustomed to the gloom, all plastic beams and panelling. A guy, in his fifties, stood behind the bar, reading an English language newspaper. He was wearing braces and a striped shirt with the sleeves rolled up.
Bourne leaned against the bar. A pint of Smiths, please
Out of the door he could see the sunny weather, and not far off, the tower blocks of flats, built closely together.
Four euros please mate.
Bourne pulled local currency out of his pocket.
Have you lived here long? he said.
Five years.
Time enough to get to know your way around.
The bar owner examined his face. What does that mean?
Im looking to get in touch with one of those English criminals that are supposed to be living on the Costa del Sol.
They dont live here mate, too down market for them. Theyre up the coast, in Marbella, and in Puerto Banus. If you were to go up there, and pop into an English bar, and ask the same question, you would hit the jackpot.
Can I catch a bus there?
Yes, sure. The bus station is just down the road, on this side. Takes about twenty minutes, to Marbella. He wiped the already clean bar down with a wet cloth, when he had served the pint.

When the bus reached Marbella bus station, Bourne got off, and then realized it was a long walk into town. Outside the station was a taxi rank. Bugger the expense. He took a cab into the centre.
When he arrived in town, he could see why the criminal class didnt live in Fuengirola. There were shady squares with orange trees, beautiful old buildings. He hadnt thought a city centre could be so attractive. He realized that the pub area was a walk, back the way hed come. Hed noticed this from the taxi.
Eventually he arrived in an area of bars, not all English. He chose an English bar that was moderately busy, people sitting on tables outside, a lot of beer being drunk from pint glasses, a buzz of conversation in Bournes native language. He walked inside, and there were even a few people there, mostly standing by the bar. A barmaid, Spanish looking, came along the bar towards him. Si? she said, smiling.
Bourne smiled back. Is the boss in?
It is the boss lady, the girl said. Tell me your name and I go and ask.
Its Keith, she will know.
The girl picked up the phone, spoke in Spanish, put the phone down again. Went back to serving drinks.
Shortly, a stout lady in her fifties came pounding down the stairs. She stood, surveying the customers, looking puzzled, probably wondering whom she knew called Keith. Bourne was the only person not accompanied so she said to him, Call you Keith? I dont know you.
Yes it was me that asked for you. I knew you wouldnt come down except if it was someone you knew. Sorry about that. There is only one question I want to ask.
She was already turning to climb back up the stairs. Well, ask it. I might not tell you though.
Do you know any of the expats who would sell me some rifles? He kept his voice low, and she had to lean forward.
Not in this bar. We dont have no time for the crims.
She paused, and then made up her mind. There is a lot of British ex-cons drink in the Spanish bar. Turn right out of the door, next door but one.
Thank you, said Bourne over his shoulder, on the way out.

The Spanish bar, with no name above the door was heaving. Lots of tables out front, all taken, lots of people drinking espressos, one or two eating tapas. Inside the bar, a marble floor, a wood-faced marble counter, with men, no women, leaning over their drinks, talking and occasionally laughing, some drinking the local liqueur, or else beers. A large espresso machine stood on a counter at the back of the bar. There were two barmen, and several waiters to tend the tables. All were dressed in the same uniform, white shirts, bow ties and black trousers.
Bourne wondered what question he was going to put to the barman behind the counter. He chickened out and wandered back outside. A table was just coming free, two people getting up and leaving. The table adjacent to a group of men speaking English, and judging by the repartee between them and the waiters, long term customers.
He took a chance, and sat at the now vacant table. Within seconds, despite the rush and bustle, a waiter had spotted him and came over for his order. He sat back to listen to the conversation at the large table.
The nearest person, a red-faced man in a white cap, short-sleeved shirt and white chinos was the ringleader, the most popular of the group. He told the most jokes, tall stories, and everybody listened with rapt attention. One didnt have to listen for long to know his name was Biff. And half his stories or more concerned the police, and how he evaded them, what places he and his friends had turned over. How they had been banged up, and how often. The tricks they had got up to in the slammer. That the others found this compelling indicated that they had trodden the same career path. One thing was certain to Bourne  he had reached the right people.
He sipped his espresso, carried on listening. When the waiter came by half an hour later, he ordered a bottle of beer  San Miguel. Eventually Biffs friends started to drift away, in ones and twos, until there were only a few people at any of the tables outdoors, though inside still remained busy. When Biff was eventually alone, and had ordered another beer, Bourne spoke to him.
I couldnt help but hear your escapades. Do you know how I can buy some rifles here?
Biff didnt turn his head. He casually picked up his copy of The Times, and opened it somewhere in the middle, and started reading. Dont look at me, because theyre watching me from across the street. Carry on talking but look back at the bar, then they wont see your lips moving.
Bourne did as he was told. I need about twelve rifles, oh and a pistol. I dont need them now, but about one years time. The idea is for you to get them in a consignment of fruit, being picked up from Malaga, and loaded on a cruise ship. I dont have to spell it out, do I?
For a few moments Biff didnt speak. He turned a page of his newspaper, still with his head buried in it. You plan a long way ahead, dont you? It could be done. Russian rifles are the cheapest, AK47s still one of the best. For a pistol I would use an American one, theres a few to choose from. Ill tell you what, how long are you in Spain?
For a couple of weeks, well twelve days actually.
Say a week on Wednesday, eleven in the morning walk up the west side of the Plaza de los Naranjes, its in Marbella old town. There are public benches. I will be sitting on one of them reading The Times. Wearing what I am wearing now. Bring a copy of The Daily Express with you, and sit down on the seat next to me. Open your paper, and start reading it. Ill have some answers for you then. Things like prices. And Ill give you one of my mobile numbers. Buy yourself a pay-as-you-go mobile phone, and use it to contact me, three months before you need the arms. Only contact me once on the number I give you, and chuck the phone away. Smash it up first. There are governments doing nothing but listening in to phones, looking for keywords like bomb, drugs guns. When those words are spoken, the recording machines are activated. Then live people go through the recordings, picking off telephone numbers.
One day, theres a knock at your door, and burly armed men take you away, and torture you until you tell them what you are doing. That is just the British government. Other governments can be nastier.
Im finding out how bad they can be. Ill see you a week on Wednesday, eleven, on the Plaza de los Narenjes, then.
He drained his beer, waited a moment or two, and then got up, stretched, and sauntered away. At no time did he look at Biff. Although when he crossed the road, he glanced at the buildings and wondered where the watchers were. He couldnt see any. Maybe Biff was play-acting to drive up the price.
The following day he spent the morning on the beach at Fuengirola swimming and sunning himself.

The days passed slowly. Bourne spent one of them taking a bus to Malaga and looking round the port area. He went down to the cruise ship terminal. There was a ship in, the day he went. As he walked down to the port the ship towered above everything else, included all the terminal buildings. There was an entry bridge from the terminal to a door in the side of the hull. He could see passengers walking to and fro, since the bridge sides were glazed. The only other exit from the ship, was up towards the bows, and a conventional gang plank led into the crew quarters. Even as he watched, a forklift approached the gangway and deposited cartons on pallets. Interested, he watched the forklift trundle back towards a warehouse with a large sign on the gable end: ships chandlers the sign said. So that was how it was done. All Biff had to do was intercept a cargo and add extra cartons containing arms. And thought Bourne, to get them to our cabins, we need to get a couple of kitchen porters working for us. How much would that cost? But it wouldnt matter soon, as the subscriptions had already started flowing in. And every time the WCL organized a riot, or a protest march, the people it attracted would sign up in their hundreds, in fact it had become thousands. The last figures Audrey had shown him, they had passed the fifteen thousand mark, three hundred thousand pounds a year, and hardly any expenses. It was like owning a bank.

At last the day to meet Biff had arrived. Bourne travelled by bus again, and this time, since the weather was cooler, walked from the bus station into town, and straight to the plaza, negotiating with a street plan he had bought.
He turned into the square. It was another sunny day, with a pleasant breeze. The shadows of the orange trees dappled the pavement, and a few oranges had dropped off the trees, rotting on the ground, giving a citrus scent to the breeze. Bourne ambled slowly up the street, his Daily Express tucked under his arm, glancing at the occupants of the benches as he walked.
When he was about halfway along the plaza he began to wonder whether this was a ploy for Biff to escape from him and Biff had no intention of turning up. Then he had wasted days when he could have been searching out alternative sources of arms. It was still barely eleven oclock and Bourne could do a complete circuit of the plaza, which would take about quarter of an hour, and then try again. It wouldnt arouse suspicion, a youngish man going for a walk, and doing a double lap.
But that wouldnt be necessary. He saw a man in a white cap, sitting on a bench. He was reading The Times. He had placed a carrier bag on the seat next to him, so that the place would not be taken. Except for Bourne, of course. When the older man looked up, saw Bourne with the newspaper, he took the bag off the seat, and put it on his lap. To anybody watching, it looked a perfectly natural movement, done as Bourne was actually approaching the bench, and turning.
Thats if anyone really was watching. Watching who? The old ex-con, or Bourne, the new man on the block? God, he was getting paranoid.
Bourne sat down, opened his newspaper, and started reading the English news, which sounded trite, when you were not in England. In the past if Bourne had been on holiday on the mainland, he had never read the papers or listened to the news, and when he got back, it was as if nothing had happened in the meantime.
Biff spoke to him, dragging him out of his reverie. Well done. I began to think you didnt recognize me. Down to business. The price of the rifles is one thousand pounds sterling each, the pistol, twelve hundred pounds. Then there is getting them into a consignment to get them on board ship. That will be an extra twenty thousand pounds. As to payment, I need half down with the order, the rest a day before delivery, cash, in used notes, naturally. That price is for a week, after that the price will probably alter, so I would have to update you nearer the time, if you place an order.
Bourne had been doing a mental calculation as Biff was talking. Thirty-three thousand two hundred pounds in total. Is there any discount for me? It seemed a high price.
Biff chuckled into his Times. If you are going to look around, get other prices, I think you will be in a Spanish jail within a few days. I can tell you that they are worse than English jails, mate.
Does that mean no?
It certainly does. I dont want go to jail, and Im taking a risk for not much money. You dont realize, sonny, the price of arms dishonestly acquired. Take it or leave it. He shrugged. It doesnt bother me.
Okay, said Bourne, I had to ask. Its a deal. I will have to phone you when the dates set. And then I will have to phone you the day before, to tell you where the rest of the money is. So I need two mobile numbers, and I will use one new mobiles, pay-as-you-go, each time I phone you.
That suits me, mate. Thanks for the order. The pistol, I cant be sure what it will be, but I will try to get a Sig Pro. American, the best.
Are you going to give me your mobile numbers, or send them?
I am going now, and I will leave my Times on the bench. When Ive gone, wait a few moments, and then pick it up. One number is pencilled on the top of page fourteen, the other on the top of page sixteen.
With that, he folded his paper, stood up, dropped it on the bench, and without a backward glance he was sauntering down the street.
Bourne picked up The Times, opened it and started reading. After quarter of an hour, he started flicking through the paper, reading items here and there. He noticed the numbers, which were on pages fourteen and sixteen, just has Biff had promised. He got up, depositing the Express in a nearby litter bin, and looked for a caf, where he could grab a snack.
When he entered the coffee house, he made straight for the servicios. The toilet was empty. He bolted the door behind him, opened the newspaper, tore off the tops of pages fourteen and sixteen, inserted them into his wallet, and threw the paper in the waste bin under the sink. He had a pee, while he was there.
He wandered outside, sat at a table and ordered a snack. He felt quite pleased with himself. Outlay on the scheme would be thirty-three plus say ten more to bribe the staff on the ship, and twelve cruise tickets, say another twelve. Might get a block-booking price. But they couldnt do that really, not if they were going to join the ship separately. Anyway that came to fifty-five thousand pounds. Not a bad outlay for a return of say, twenty million, or maybe more.
