Easy Money
by Rik Hunik
96,200 words
Published by Rik Hunik at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 by Rik Hunik
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter 1
"Easy money," I said out loud to my empty office as I sat back, put my feet up on my desk and counted my wad of banknotes. It didn't take long. There was enough to satisfy my needs, and my wants too, as long as I didn't want too much.
I folded the wad so the picture of Germanicus was on top, then stowed it in a pocket of my trousers, reflecting that while paper currency is a lot easier to carry than gold, it just doesn't have that solid feel of gold, or give that musical clink. I could understand why some old people were reluctant to accept it. It all spent the same, so it wasn't a big issue with me, but I think I preferred the convenience of paper money, even though detractors claimed it had no real value.
I linked my hands behind my head and admired the sign on my office window, reversed because I was inside, but I could read it just fine. "Berk's Agency. Lost items located. Missing persons found." The paint on the third line, halfway down the third row of one-foot-square panes, was still wet.
The brightness of the early morning sunlight streaming through the window made my eyes water.
I blinked.
A beautiful woman flowed across the room toward my desk, her long blonde hair floating like a cloud around her face, the blue silk of her dress clinging to every sinuous curve from calf to shoulder. I couldn't help but admire the slender waist, the shapely hips, and the indent of her navel, not to mention the swelling breasts and the teasing hint of nipples. I resisted the urge to look at her legs again and went up instead to soft, brown eyes in a pretty face.
I swung my feet down to the floor and leaned forward to greet her with my friendliest smile plastered on the front of my face. "Well hello there."
"Is that any way to talk to your mother?"
I shook my head once and blinked a couple more times, too flustered to talk for a few seconds. Vera Halvorsen, the woman standing in front of me, was still beautiful, but her blue dress was darker than the one in my vision and it wasn't silk, she was much older, her blonde hair showed some gray, and the matronly curves did not excite me, though I understand she has no difficulty sparking interest from other men much younger than her. "Sorry, it was an overlapping vision; I saw a much younger woman."
She smirked. "Still having problems controlling those visions of yours?"
I just said, "Yeah." They come to me about once a week, usually when I'm nice and relaxed. They seldom do me any good.
"Perhaps you should have tried harder to stay in the Roman Institute Of Magic."
I sighed. That has been a frequent sore spot with her for years, ever since I didn't make the cut at the end of my second year. She got even more pissed at me when I joined the army right after that. "What do you want me to find for you this time?" Best to cut right to the chase and avoid the rehashed arguments.
"Well, if you're not too busy, it's my necklace again, the one your father gave me."
I knew it well. "I'll drop by sometime this morning, or this afternoon if my morning is too busy, and poke around to see what I can find."
"I saw your new sign," she said, reaching for her handbag. "So you're expanding your parameters. Do you need more business? I can give you some money."
"No, I don't need your money," I said, stopping her before she could reach into the handbag. Last winter when I was between jobs, trying to figure out what do to with my life, I made the mistake of borrowing some money from her, so now she sometimes worries about me so much it can get embarrassing. "I'm doing it because I want more excitement in my life."
Her eyebrows went up and she looked at me as if I was mentally deficient.
I smiled to let her know I was joking, but I really was at least half serious. "Don't worry, I'll still have time for you. It's never taken me more than a few hours to find anything you ever lost before."
"Yes, that's true, isn't it?" She stood and headed for the door. "I'll expect you for lunch then. Don't disappoint me."
I didn't tell her that I had no intention of being there at lunchtime because it doesn't pay to argue with my mother and I always avoid doing so whenever I can. As for not disappointing her, it was probably way too late for that.
She paused at the door, looking up at the portrait hanging on the wall to her right, then turned to me. "Why do you have that hanging on your wall?"
"Because he was a great man." She was referring to a modern oil painting of Germanicus, the first leader to preside over the New Roman Republic, and still the most popular President ever. I've always admired Germanicus, who was responsible for establishing the climate of peace and prosperity that led to hundreds of years of scientific and social advancement for the betterment of every citizen of the Republic, as well as people in surrounding kingdoms and around the world. Now the accumulation of knowledge was growing at an ever-increasing rate, doubling in fewer decades each time.
My mother snorted. "He was a politician." She never thought much of any politicians, and after my father died in the line of duty protecting one, her opinion of all of them dropped even lower.
I earned my right to vote with my military service and I exercised it, but I wasn't always happy with the result, as with our current president, but I couldn't let her bad mouth Germanicus. "Can you imagine what the world would be like today if he had let that madman Tiberius be emperor?"
"Tiberius was not a madman. Germanicus was his adopted son, and everybody's favorite. He would have become Emperor in due time."
"If he survived. The first in line doesn't always live through a long reign. He had one chance to restore the Republic and he took it. The condition of the Republic today says he did the right thing."
She had no response to that but I hadn't expected one. This was another old argument that she kept starting but never carried very far. Just far enough to get me worked up a bit.
"Don't be late for lunch," she told me as she exited with a little smirk on her face.

Chapter 2
Just as I put my feet back up on my desk the street door opened, so I quickly put them back on the floor.
A slim, blonde woman, exuding glamour and sparkling with jewelry, entered and paused without closing the door. She looked like somebody who was used to being in charge, but it seemed to me that she left most of her self-assurance at the door. Her blue silk dress was a lighter color and had a lot more folds and pleats than the one in my vision, and it looked like it must have cost enough to feed a poor family for an entire year.
I stood to greet her. "How can I help you?"
She pushed absently at some stray hairs that had escaped from the tight coils atop her head and said, "I'm not sure you can." She closed the door and removed her gloves, which matched the deep blue of her dress, then stood there and twisted them cruelly, the thin skin and prominent veins on her hands revealing her age more than her made-up face and dyed hair.
"Have a seat and tell me your problem," I said, guiding her onto a padded chair.
I took my seat behind my desk and  waited several moments while she fidgeted, casting brief, nervous glances at me, before I prompted, "There is something you have lost?"
She looked at me with wide, blue eyes.
"Relax," I said. "I'm here to help you, and I can assure complete confidentiality, so go ahead and tell me what it is you've lost."
"My husband."
That was a new on on me, completely unexpected, and my surprise must have shown on my face. She leaned forward, touched my forearm lightly with a dry hand and said, "You can help me, can't you?"
"Yes, of course. That is what my sign says. I have a one hundred percent success rate so far."
She smiled and nodded. "Your service was recommended to me by a friend of mine. She thought you might be able to help, though she didn't know of any people you'd found, just missing jewelry and some documents."
That had been some easy money for me and it pretty much summed up the case history of my agency since I opened it nearly a month ago. I didn't mention that this was the first time anybody had come to me regarding a missing person, but I reasoned that it couldn't be that much harder than finding objects, and according to my new sign, I was ready. "About your husband, let's start with his name."
"Aldwin Nahasa."
"Of Nahasa Furniture?" The name was unusual enough to be memorable.
"Yes. He was chairman until he turned over controlling interest and chairmanship to our oldest son, Cal, last fall. He's been retired ever since."
I grabbed a notebook from my desk, picked up a sharp lead pencil and started taking notes. "How long has he been gone?"
"He's been gone nearly two months now, but he's only been missing a couple of weeks."
I raised my eyebrows and looked at her.
She hastened to clarify. "That's when I went to the police. They made some routine inquiries and found no evidence of foul play, and he had done nothing illegal, so they came to the conclusion that he wants to be missing and they aren't looking very hard."
They wouldn't have a reason to, if they believed there was no crime. "What do you think happened to him?"
She shrugged and the corners of her mouth drooped. "I can't imagine. That's why I want to hire you."
"I charge twenty talents an hour, or one hundred and twenty a day, plus expenses."
"Isn't that rather expensive?"
I shrugged. "Depends how badly you want to find him. Of course I only charge you for the time I actually spend on your case."
"Oh, do you have any other cases?"
I thought about my mother's necklace. "Nothing pressing."
"How long will it take?"
"I really can't say. It's possible that I could find him in a couple of hours, but since his trail is so old it could take me a couple of days, or weeks, or months. There is a chance I might never find him, but you can end the investigation any time you want to. It's your call."
I let her think as long as she wanted, twisting at her gloves the whole time. After a while she reached into her handbag, withdrew a wad of paper currency, counted four hundred talents and held it out. "Will this do for a start?"
I hesitated. Could I find him? She hadn't given me much to go on and the trail was cold, but I had never failed before and business wasn't quite as lucrative as I had led my mother to believe, so I pushed aside my misgivings, reached out and took the money. Now I had enough to pay next month's rent already, with enough left over for food and a few luxuries. "Thank you, Mrs. Nahasa."
"Oh, do call me Carina." She flashed me a brilliant smile.
She was older than my mother but I smiled, nodded and said,  "Thank you, Carina. If I should need more I'll be sure to let you know." I verified the count, slipped the money into my pocket and wrote her a receipt. While she stowed it in her handbag I asked, "When did you last see your husband?"
"He left our home on the morning of the first day of spring. His horoscope said it was an auspicious day for him. He told me he was going to the Hot Springs to take it easy and recover his health."
"He had health problems?"
"Not really. He was just feeling his age, with all its aches and pains. He was even quite vigorous for a man of his age, but he frequently complained that he was getting too weak, and that his mind wasn't as sharp as it used to be."
"I see. Then what?"
"I got weekly letters from him stating how beneficial the waters were for him and how much he was enjoying himself. In the last letter, which I got a month ago, he said he was staying for a few more weeks. Then a close friend of mine returned from a three week stay at the Hot Springs and when I asked her about my husband she informed me that she hadn't seen him there at all."
"Maybe he was avoiding her."
The look she turned on me was the same one teachers had used when I just didn't grasp a concept. "The police checked. He was never there."
Time to change the subject. "Do you have the letter?"
"Yes, I brought it with me." Carina dug around in her handbag for several seconds, snorted in frustration and started again.
"It's in the outside pocket," I told her. She froze in her search to look at me. I shrugged. "You lost it, I found it. That's my talent. The letter was easy because it was so close and the possibilities were limited." Carina checked the outer pocket and pulled out a folded sheet of paper. "No envelope?" I asked as I took it from her.
She shook her head. "I tossed it in the trash when I opened the letter. Is that a problem?"
I shook my head. It might have helped but it was gone now. I held the paper lightly between my fingertips, then stroked it a few times, opening myself to impressions. "This is from your husband."
"Of course it is."
I had made no such assumption myself, but I didn't chastise her for her loyalty. "But he wrote it more than two months ago."
She sat up stiffly in her chair. "That's impossible."
I smiled a bit. "But true none the less."
"How can you tell? You haven't even looked at it yet."
I smiled at her but I'm afraid it came out more smug than reassuring. "I do have magic talent and I did study for two years at the Roman Institute of Magic to train and improve that talent. I passed all my courses, which makes me a Certified Magician, even if my grades weren't quite good enough to get me selected to be elevated to Wizard level."
While Carina digested that information I opened the letter and quickly read it through. It was all pretty vague and told me nothing more. "Do you have the other letters your husband sent from the Hot Springs?"
"I left them at home. Should I have them sent to you?"
"No, I have to go there anyway. I need to start from a place where he spent a lot of time, then progress to the last place he was seen. Are you going home now?"
"No, I have some appointments this afternoon. Would you like to come over this evening?"
I wondered what kind of appointments she had and how important they really were, but I just shook my head and said, "I would rather start right away. Perhaps you could write a note to your servants so they will let me in and let me do what I need to do."
"Certainly." I provided her with pen and paper and she wrote the note as I requested. She also provided her home address, Aldwin's business address, and the names and addresses of a few acquaintances. Only a few. Carina apparently knew very little about her husband's life outside his home.
I concluded the interview and ushered her to the door, following her outside. The morning air was still cool but the spring sun had already climbed over the roofs across the street and started spreading it's warmth. Carina got into an elegant coach drawn by a splendid team of white horses, which looked out of place on my narrow, seedy street. The driver cracked his whip and the horses, apparently without effort, pulled the coach away up the hill. I watched until it reached the end of the block and turned right onto Grand Avenue.
I wondered if my talent would work on a cold trail like this. And what if he was dead? Would my talent work at all or would I just have to make adjustments? This was shaping up to be my hardest case yet and it could test the limits of my talent, but it interested me and I was ready for the challenge.
I closed the door and was about to lock it when another blue dress with a blonde woman in it appeared right beside me. This blue dress was common and faded, and like the woman wearing it, the dress had been rather pretty years ago, but most of the prettiness was gone now, worn away by life's hardships. "You are Berk?" she asked, pointing to the sign in my window.
I got the feeling she had been waiting outside for Carina to leave. I nodded and opened the door for her. "Please, step right in."
She backed in, without taking her eyes off me. As I edged in beside the door and closed it she said, "The printer's wife told me you might be able to help me."
"Perhaps." I ushered her to a seat and took my own behind my desk. "What can I do for you?"
It all poured out in a rush. "It's my daughter, Belita, she didn't come home last night. The police, they say wait a few days, let her have her fun, she will come back, but no, my Belita is not like that. I have this bad feeling that something terrible has happened to her already. A very bad feeling. Please, please help me."
Every mother refuses to believe that their daughter could be bad, but this woman's sincerity and distress sounded genuine, and the way she talked about her bad feeling made me think she might have a touch of magic. Such links are common between parents and children. In any case, I reserved judgment until I had more information. I said, "My services are expensive."
She thrust a banknote and some coins into my hand. "I know it's not much but it's all I have. I'll pay more when I can. Please, will you help me?"
One coin was a twenty-talent gold piece and a quick count of the rest gave me a total of just over twenty-eight talents. Not a lot. I hefted the gold coin in my hand, feeling the weight of it, but I resisted the urge to bounce it on my desk just to hear it.
I couldn't turn her away. "It's enough to start," I told her, thinking that it didn't compare to the four hundred talents Carina had just given me, "but I just started on a big case this morning so I don't know how much time I can spend on yours. I'll stop in at your place later today and try to pick up her trail from there."
"Oh thank you, thank you."
"You're welcome." I wrote down her name and address, Lucina Graccus, on Barber Street, and reassured her I would drop by sometime in the afternoon. I didn't remember ever meeting her before, but her last name and the address seemed familiar somehow. I stood up. "I was about to leave when you showed up, so I'm in a bit of a hurry now."
"Yes, of course."
I showed her to the door and went out with her. She thanked me three more times while I locked up. She set off uphill so I headed downhill, then across one block before I turned uphill, paralleling her course. It meant a bit of extra walking but I didn't want her effusive energy disrupting my aura and maybe interfering with my ability to work.

Chapter 3
Carina's home was about a mile inland, in a far ritzier part of town than I can afford, just past the outer edge of the Northeast Quadrant of the city, where trees covered more ground than the buildings and all the roads were paved, where increasing numbers of country villas were replacing the old farms, driving the farmers further out.
Crowded and disorganized as it is, I like the dynamics of Old City, which makes up most of the Northwest Quadrant, an unequal quadrangle that extends north from Old Harbor to Old City Wall Street, and includes everything crammed in between the Bay of Lions and Rome Street, the north-south, tree-lined and arcaded boulevard that splits the city of Agrippina from top to bottom.
Despite my efforts to make myself look respectable I still felt as out of place in Carina's neighborhood as her coach had looked in mine. Almost nobody else was on foot here, but I ignored the suspicious looks I attracted and just kept walking as though I belonged here, which I did, because of my business with Carina. Carina's estate was a full acre or more, surrounded by a stone wall containing lots of trees.
I showed Carina's note and a gatekeeper let me through and directed me to the front door of the house, a spacious, three-story structure twenty yards away, in the middle of an artificial landscape full of trees, shrubs, rocks and flowers.
My knock was answered immediately by a thin, black-clad man with sparse, gray hair. "Yes?"
Under a layer of polite inquisitiveness he packed that single syllable with a mountain of disdain for everything I had ever done or could possible hope to do, but I had survived drill sergeants in the army, and this guy didn't have the backing of the Roman Army behind him, so his effort had as much effect on me as rain on the ocean, and just to show him how devastated his opinion left me, I grinned broadly at him and said in an overloud voice, "I'm here to investigate the disappearance of Aldwin Nahasa. I understand this was his residence?"
The man stiffened and his chin lifted defiantly, which elevated his nose to a dangerous degree. "I've already told you everything I have to say."
I shook my head and corrected him. "You've told me nothing yet. I am not from the police." I pulled Carina's note out of my pocket and smiled as I extended it to him. "This letter from your mistress instructs you and all the other servants to cooperate fully with me."
The butler scowled at me as he took the letter, and his scowl deepened while he read it, then he let out a loud sigh, handed the letter back and said, with stiff formality, "What do you want to know?"
I chuckled, which did nothing to make him like me more, which added to my amusement, but I got down to business. "Obviously I want to know where Aldwin Nahasa is, but for now I will settle for anything you can tell me that will help me find him."
The butler shrugged. "There's not much I can tell you. He was fine when he left here, so whatever happened to him happened at the Hot Springs." Of that he sounded very certain.
I nodded, as if I agreed with his conclusion. "That seems pretty clear, doesn't it?" I couldn't help it, I let a little smile slip out when I said, "Now I need to examine Mr. Nahasa's bedroom."
"I'm sure the mistress would object," he said, standing up past his full height to make her objection clear.
I was sure she would too, if she was here, but I really did need to visit his bedroom and I wouldn't give in to her either, though it was probably a good thing she wasn't here because she would be harder to convince. I said, "This letter instructs you to let me do what I need to do. I need to see his bedroom."
I could tell he didn't want to let me, but he was duty-bound. He closed the door behind me, turned his back to me and said, "Follow me."
I followed him down a broad, carpeted corridor, lined on both sides with large portraits. The first was a modern rendering of President Germanicus, who, over a thousand years ago, had stepped down as Emperor of Rome to be elected as the first president of the New Roman Republic.
On the opposite wall I recognized a younger Carina, and the next painting in line showed a middle-aged man striking a regal pose beside a large window that opened onto a sunlit garden. Clad in rich garments, with his thick, dark hair just starting to gray, he could have been called handsome except for a long, rather prominent nose.
The butler waiting impatiently by a varnished wooden door a short distance ahead, said "Yes, that is the master, as he was painted more than twenty years ago."
I gave him a nod, then studied the features in the painting, fixing them in my mind. Knowing what Aldwin looked like would help quite a bit.
 When I approached the butler he pushed the door open and stepped aside. I entered a lavishly appointed but fairly typical sleeping chamber, with thick, red velvet curtains on the windows, a canopied bed, closets and wardrobes with elaborately carved doors, a dressing table, a couple of other small tables and some chairs. This room contained more furniture than I had in my whole apartment and office combined.
I don't really know how my talent works, and the professors at R.I.M. couldn't fathom it either. It's not consistent, but I do know that it works most of the time. Once I establish some kind of connection with the missing object I sometimes just know where it is, or I get an image of the location, or, at the very least, a hint as to the direction it's in.
This was my first missing person case, but I didn't see how it could be much different than looking for an object, so first I had to establish a connection with the old man.
I went to the dressing table and, just as I'd hoped, a few gray hairs clung to a comb. Hair and other tissue maintains a connection to the person it comes from, so if I was lucky these hairs would lead me right to Aldwin but when I picked them I felt nothing. For all that I perceived from the hairs they might as well have been pieces of string.
So much for easy money. I sighed, but I wasn't stumped, I just had more work to do, and I found myself looking forward to the challenge. The next part could even be a bit of fun.
I went to the bed and stretched out on top of the covers. From his post just inside the door the butler managed to radiate severe disapproval without saying a word. I turned my head and managed to keep my little smile confined to the side of my mouth away from him.
A lot of my studies at the Roman Institute of Magic had been history, philosophy, ethics, and science, but there had been plenty of practical lessons teaching me to focus my natural talents to get the most from them. Emptying my mind of extraneous thoughts, I slowed my breathing for a minute or so while I focused my mind through the proper channels and reached out with mental fingers, feeling for any malignancies that might be lurking to take advantage of my increased vulnerability.
  The room felt clean so I opened myself, going into a light trance, automatically tuning out the meaningless hum of the normal psychic residue present anywhere people lived. Some professors called the trance a state of higher consciousness, but when I was younger my father used to call it going into a daze. It's the same talent I had used on Aldwin's letter but with more concentration, better focus. I called it getting an impression.
Every person or object leaves an impression in time whenever or wherever it is. The more massive or prominent it is, or the longer it stays in one place, the deeper the impression gets. The deeper the impression, the easier it is to sense. It is one of my strongest talents and I had studied and practiced the technique in school until I was better at it than most magicians and some wizards.
Aldwin's impression throughout the room was pervasive but unfocused. It was strongest on the bed, where he spent several hours nearly every night, but he slept alone in this bed, which I had already gathered from the lack of feminine paraphernalia in the room, and he was a lot older than Carina had led me to expect. Or maybe she was older than she looked.
After a few minutes of absorbing and digesting impressions, and a couple more just to test how long the butler could hold his stern expression, I got up and wandered around the room. I looked out the window, shifted some items around on the tables, and poked through drawers and behind doors, not because I hoped to discover anything more, but just to annoy the butler, whose expression had grown even sterner, and his posture stiffer, as he fought not to fidget.
Following a vague impulse, which is sometimes all I have to go on, I crossed the corridor, trailed by the butler, and opened the door. Judging by the shelves of books and the two desks it was a library or study. I went to the larger desk and brushed my fingertips along the top. It was, or had been, Aldwin's.
At the other desk I pulled some folded sheets of paper from a slotted shelf, the letters from Aldwin which Carina had told me about. The dates were as she had said but the impression I got was that these letters, including the last one, had all been written by Aldwin on the same night, at his own desk, before his departure. Apparently the police were right when they said he wanted to be missing.
I replaced the letters, just a bit askew to annoy the butler, then strolled through the house, out the back door to the stable and coach house, where I found a coach similar to the one Carina had been riding in. I walked up to it and touched it, getting the impression it had not moved for weeks. I turned to the butler, who was hovering ten feet away, absorbing my every move while trying unsuccessfully to appear not at all curious, and asked, "When was Mr. Nahasa's coach brought here?"
"It was returned the day after Mr. Nahasa arrived at the Hot Springs. He was to send for it when he was ready to come home."
"Who drove it?"
"Mr. Nahasa's regular driver was sick that day, so a temporary replacement took him. I do not recall the man's name."
"Who else went?"
"Just Peet, his personal servant. He did not come back."
"What did the police have to say about that?"
"They assume he is still with Mr. Nahasa."
I scrutinized the old guy but his face revealed nothing, which meant he could be hiding anything. "What do you think?"
"They could be wrong."
I had to chuckle over that one. "That's a reasonable assumption when the police are involved." He didn't laugh, but his nose came down a degree or two. I opened the door of the coach and climbed in, shifting around on the seats until I found the spot where Aldwin usually sat, getting the impression that Aldwin had ridden here regularly over a long period of time, but that wasn't news to me.
I slowed my breathing, focused my mind and put myself into a light trance, checked for lurking malignities, then reached out with mental fingers and delicately but thoroughly probed the entire coach to get a deep impression.
Foremost was Aldwin's impression, by far the strongest because he had been the most frequent passenger, but the last person to sit in this spot had been another man who looked very much like Aldwin, but felt different. What could that mean?
There was also a fainter impression of a beautiful young woman with flowing blonde hair, who seemed familiar to me, or maybe it was just her blue dress. Her impression, though faint, was definite, as though she had frequently ridden with Aldwin some time before his disappearance.
I began breathing normally again and came out of my trance. That mysterious blonde woman seemed to be my best lead so far, and this coach was my best lead to her. Empowered by Carina's letter, I had the coach prepared for a trip to retrace Aldwin's route to the Hot Springs, with myself as passenger. It looked like Carina would be paying for this entire day and my mother would have to wait for her necklace.
The butler left me in the care of the coach driver, who still lived in the servant's quarters with his wife, who was a maid. I said to him, "I understand you were sick the day Mr. Nahasa traveled to the Hot Springs."
He wiped sweat off his forehead with the back of his sleeve. "Yes, that's right, first time in over a year. Funny thing too. I woke up feeling fine, but after breakfast my stomach was all queasy and I started sweating and I got so dizzy I couldn't stand up, so I went back to bed. I threw up in a bucket and fell asleep for a couple of hours. When I woke up I was my old self again but the coach was long gone."
I thought there was a chance that sickness might have been a coincidence.
The driver inhaled, ready to start on the next chapter of that story but I nudged him in the proper direction. "Do you know who took your place that day?"
"Oh sure I do. That would be Lysander, a little Greek fellow. He doesn't have a regular job because he likes his wine just a little too much. I like to drink too but I can't keep up to him."
"Oh, you drink with him, do you?"
"On occasion. Like I said, he drinks a lot more than me. I remember this one time when. . ."
"Did he ever mention anything odd about that trip to the Hot Springs?"
The driver ran his thick fingers through his thinning brown hair and his face contorted with the effort of remembering. "Yeah, there was one thing. He said they stopped at Gray's Roadhouse, even though it was off their route and it wasn't nearly lunch time yet, but Mr. Nahasa insisted."
I interrupted before he could ramble on. "That's interesting. Take me there." I knew the place, a popular inn with excellent food and clean rooms, only a few miles east of the city.
The coach was pleasant to ride in, with soft seats and good suspension. I ignored the view outside and concentrated on getting a better impression of Aldwin and the overlying stranger. A moving object leaves a weak impression at best, but a living being is easier to detect, so even though weeks had gone by I was hoping that by retracing the route taken that day I could tune in better, but the connection was tenuous at best and I didn't get anything more from it.
What I did next would be determined by what I learned at Gray's Roadhouse.

Chapter 4
I sat back, enjoying the ride, watching the intense green of the fields in spring roll past my window while the clean, fresh, country air rolled in the window. My nostrils flared as I breathed it in. I don't get out of the city very often and I'd forgotten how much the city air stank of animals, people, food, sewage, smoke, and the ocean. A lot of people swear they love the salt air and the aroma of the sea, but to me it just stinks like rotting fish, even during high tide, just not as bad. Or maybe it's just me.
"Gray's Road House," read the sign on a two-story building of sturdy wood construction, all solid, square beams and thick planks in the northern style, its whitewash brilliant in the spring sunshine. I left the driver with the coach and entered the public dining room.
Most of the tables were empty because it was far too early for lunch, but the savory smells of countless meals lingered. A couple of well endowed serving girls smiled brightly at me but I approached the proprietor, a short, dark-haired man wiping his hands on a white apron, managing to look busy even while standing still. "Welcome sir. What can I get for you?"
"Some answers, if you don't mind. I'd like to ask you a few questions."
The man's courtesy evaporated like water droplets on a hot stove. "Why would I want to answer your questions?"
"I can think of twenty reasons." I slipped a hand into my pocket and it came out with a twenty talent bank note.
In a flash the bank note vanished and the smile turned back on, but this one was just a veneer. "Please, come this way." He led me to a back corner, away from the light from the windows.
I asked, "Do you know Aldwin Nahasa?"
He nodded. "He is a regular customer."
I noticed his unconscious use of the present tense. "When did you last see him?"
The proprietor's eyes rolled up to the right as he gazed into his memory. Several moments later he said, "It's been a month or two now. I didn't realize it had been so long." He reached out and touched my forearm and his voice was tinged with concern. "Has something happened to him?"
"That's what his wife has hired me to find out. Maybe you can help, and you can start by telling me what you remember about the last time he was here, especially anything unusual."
The short man rubbed his chin. "Well, yes, there was something. Usually he had only one companion." He stopped abruptly, as if he felt he'd said too much.
Since I had just mentioned Aldwin's wife I understood his discomfort. "The young blonde woman," I said, to let him know I already knew about her, so he could relax and get on with the story.
"Yes." He let out a long breath and continued. "She wasn't there that day, but he had three or four other guests in his room with him."
"In his room?"
"Yes. He usually reserved a private room in the back."
"The same one all the time?"
"Yes."
"May I see it, please?"
"I'm not sure that's possible."
I slipped him another twenty and it followed the route of the first one. It was the fastest way I knew to win such arguments and Carina could afford the expense.
"Right this way," he said.
The room was rather cozy, with a single rectangular table capable of seating six or eight people. When I opened myself to get an impression the stream of people who had been in and out of this room in the past two months blurred together, but while riding in Aldwin's coach I had become finely attuned to his impression so I walked around the table, found Aldwin's place and sat in it, which helped to cut through the chaotic haze of irrelevant images, but all I could tell was that Aldwin had eaten here many times.
I put myself into a light trance and sat in each of the other chairs around the table, trying to zero in on Aldwin's last visit. I saw the blonde again but, even though this had been a frequent meeting place for her and Aldwin, the proprietor had already told me she hadn't been here on that day so I, somewhat reluctantly, ignored her for now.
"Do you remember what Aldwin had to eat the last time he was here?"
"Oh yes. I believe he and some of the others had our special clam chowder."
"Good. Bring me some." Odors have a strong memory link, so I thought maybe the smell of the food would help me get a better impression. He bowed and scurried off but I called him back. "With that I need a glass bowl of fresh water, a wooden spoon, a lit candle, some salt, and a silver spoon."
He looked at me for several seconds waiting for me to explain such an unusual request. I volunteered nothing. He said, "Of course, sir. Right away."
He scurried out and returned a few minutes later with the five items. "The chowder will be here in a minute," he explained, and stayed to watch. It didn't matter to me, as long as he kept quiet.
One of the serving girls arrived with the chowder and I had her set the bowl down a couple of feet away from me. The smell made my mouth water and my stomach rumble but I concentrated on the task at hand, laying out the items in a circle, starting with the bowl of water in front of me. The Greek theory of four elements doesn't quite apply to magic so an ancient Chinese system commonly known as "The Theory of the Five Elements" is taught at R.I.M.. It's more a study of the movement of energy than a method for cataloging elements.
I touched the water with my forefinger and transferred a few drops to the wooden spoon and said, "Wood is the child of water." I picked up the spoon and passed it through the candle flame. "Fire is the child of wood." I sprinkled a few grains of salt over the candle. "Earth is the child of fire." I put some salt into the silver spoon. "Metal is the child of earth." I dumped the spoonful of salt into the bowl of water. "Water is the child of metal."
That's the creative cycle, a basic but very powerful spell for gathering and intensifying magic. It's the most I could do without special supplies and elaborate preparations. I silently repeated the incantation over and over until it spun around in my head while I sank into a deeper trance. With each breath I gathered energy into a ball in the center of my mind, more and more, compressing it, holding it while the pressure continued to increase.
I focused my mind on Aldwin's last meal here, concentrating on Aldwin himself. Just before the pressure became too great I released my hold and the ball of suppressed energy expanded almost too fast to follow, filling the entire room and beyond. For that brief moment I clearly saw everything that had happened through the entire meeting, from beginning to end, but then it was only a fading memory. I had to use the connection I had built up with Aldwin to hold onto the relevant images, pushing the rest away.
Then came the backlash of that ball of energy, snapping back into my head, driving in the pain from every angle and leaving it there, reminding me why I always hate using that spell.
But it worked and I retained a memory of the key points. After the meal, in the privacy of the room, Aldwin exchanged clothes with a man, and when the false beard the man wore was transferred to Aldwin's chin, the man looked more like Aldwin than Aldwin did.
The double went out first and I deduced that he rode away in the coach toward the Hot Springs. I thought I might be able to track down the double if the need arose, but the hotter lead was the gray-haired woman the disguised Aldwin left with soon after. All I had to go on was a vague feeling they had returned to the city. I don't know if it was my talent operating or just common sense, but they were most likely somewhere in the city.
Trying to ignore the pain in my skull that was fading too slowly, I questioned the proprietor about the gray-haired woman, but she hadn't been distinctive enough in any way for him to notice and remember her after so long. I had the impression she had done her best not to be noticed.
My appetite had vanished with the onset of my headache so I regretfully left the food untouched. I purchased a small bottle of white wine and thanked the proprietor for all his help, then returned to Aldwin's coach. I had one more stop to make before I sent it back.
#   #   #
The Nahasa Furniture Factory is situated about half a mile north of Carina's place, across a shallow valley. By the time we reached it I had downed nearly half the bottle and become slightly tipsy, but my headache had subsided to the point where it no longer felt like I had just banged my head on a rock. If I had started drinking with the intention of getting drunk I'd be feeling really good by now, but under the circumstances I felt only a slight nausea.
When the coach rolled to a stop I corked the bottle, set it on the floor and got out. Shading my eyes with my hand I picked out Carina's house from the other buildings on the opposite slope, then turned to take a look at the factory. A row of tall stacks poked up in the back, belching out smoke and steam from the huge, noisy engines that powered the plant. There was more steam than smoke, and the smoke from burning high-grade coal was relatively clean, unlike a lot of the foul emissions from factories further out. It made me glad no heavy industry is allowed inside the city limits because we have more than enough smoke and smells already.
The factory was built in the blocky modern style, the entire front of the building an unadorned expanse of gray concrete, twenty-five feet high and a couple of hundred feet long, with two rows of tall, narrow rectangular windows. A small, square porch sat dead center in the front. I went through it into the bustling front office. The smell of sawdust and paint, which I had noticed outside, got a lot stronger and I imagined it would be nearly overpowering out on the floor. The steady thump of the steam engines carried through my feet.
Everybody had to walk past a plump, faded, blonde woman seated behind a big wooden desk and a bright smile. "How may I help you?"
"I need to have a word with Cal Nahasa."
"You will have to speak to his personal secretary, Zena, right over there, three desks down." Her smile never dimmed as she pointed to her left at a young woman at another desk the same as hers.
I went to her. "Hello Zena. What's a pretty woman like you doing in a place like this?" She was by far the prettiest woman, and one of the youngest, of all those I could see in that sea of desks.
"That line was old when my father was young." But she smiled.
I shrugged. "So I'm fond of the classics. But you didn't answer my question."
"I work here." Her eyes flicked to her boss's door and her smile faded. "What can I do for you?"
"I need to have a few words with Cal Nahasa."
"Who should I say is calling?" She turned large, blue eyes up at me.
I stared for too long into those eyes, admiring the way they contrasted with her wavy, black hair, and the way that hair fell over her shoulders. After a couple of seconds I caught myself and brought out a pasteboard card, about two inches by three inches, on which were printed my business name, my slogan, including the new line, and the address of my office.
Zena took it from me, her graceful fingers barely brushing mine, and read it quickly, turning it over to glance at the back. "I'll see if he's busy." She got up, tapped on the door behind her, opened it and poked her head inside. A few moments later she pulled the rest of herself through and closed the door.
In less than a minute she was back. "He will see you now," she said and ushered me in.
Cal Nahasa sat behind a large desk, directing his hard blue eyes at me while fingering my business card. He was clean shaven and his hair, cropped short in the new, no-nonsense business style, made him look tough, but I met his gaze without flinching. He tossed my card across his desk. "Why are you here? We haven't lost anything. We don't need your service."
I advanced to within a foot of the desk and picked up my card. I remained standing. "Your mother hired me. I'm investigating the disappearance of your father."
Cal leaned back and folded his arms on his chest. "I'm afraid I can't be of much help to you there. When he retired last year I took over the company. After that I seldom saw or spoke to him."
"I see," I said, deadpan. "Do you have any thoughts about his disappearance?"
"Whatever happened must have happened to him while he was up at the Hot Springs."
"Do you know that for a fact?" I asked, just to goad him. He simply glared at me. I smiled politely. "Thank you for your time. If you should think of anything that might help, don't hesitate to contact me." I turned away and let myself out of his office.
Zena watched me come out but I closed the door behind me before I smiled at her. She smiled back and said, "That was brief."
"Yes, Mr. Nahasa is a busy man. Unfortunately he was unable to help me as much as I had anticipated." I leaned on her desk. "Perhaps you could be of some assistance."
She met my gaze calmly, without flinching or leaning back. "Perhaps. What is it you need?"
"I'm investigating the disappearance of Aldwin Nahasa."
Zena laughed, then cut it short with a hand to her mouth to avoid calling attention to herself. She lowered her voice. "No wonder Cal didn't want to be helpful."
I lowered my voice too and leaned a little closer. "What do you mean?"
She glanced around the office and I did too. Nobody was paying much attention to us but she kept her voice low. "I can't talk about it here. Why don't you take me out for dinner tonight?"
That was an offer I couldn't refuse. "I'd love to." I had just made arrangements to meet her later when Cal called her into his office and I took my leave.
As I rode away in Aldwin's coach I found myself looking forward to the date, and not just because of any bearing it might have on the case. Puffs of white cloud dotted the western sky but the sun shone down unimpeded from the zenith, so I told the driver to take me back to my office for lunch.
I directed him to take me down Rome Street so I could admire the colonnades and ride through the Triumph of Germanicus, a monument of masonry and stone that rose a hundred and fifty feet above the plaza. A ninety-foot-high arch spanned four lanes of traffic and in an alcove above that stood a thirty-five-foot tall statue of Germanicus.
Built to honor the five hundredth anniversary of the New Roman Republic, the magnificence of the structure was in no way diluted by the fact that four identical monuments stood in other cities. It had been refurbished for the one thousandth anniversary and the edges still looked sharp. I always felt proud when I saw it from a distance, humbled when I rode beneath it, and exhilarated when I stood on top of it.

Chapter 5
My mother prepares dishes out of plants I've never heard of, and I'm sure most people would never even consider them as a source of food, so I usually prefer to go hungry rather than eat lunch at her place. Give me salami over asparagus any day, and don't try to feed me anything I can't identify.
 When I got back to my office I was eager for lunch but before I could even get my key out to unlock my door I was accosted by another woman. For a change this one wasn't blonde. She wore a shabby, faded brown dress, and a scowl to let me know she was in a foul mood. Without wasting time on pleasantries, such as greetings or introductions, she launched right into a verbal assault. "This is no way to run a business. Don't you know I've been waiting around here for over an hour. How do you expect to get any new clients if you never bother to show up in your office?"
I shrugged, appearing as unconcerned as I could. "I have three clients already today, I'm busy, I don't have time for new clients now. When I'm not busy, then I'll be in my office to greet my new clients."
"Hmph. A philosopher, huh?"
Standing tall, I loaded my reply with as much mock self-importance as I could pile on it, even elevating my nose a few degrees. "Yes, I did study the masters in university." I relaxed into my regular posture, unlocked my door and pushed it open. In a normal, but somewhat irritated voice, I asked, "Are you going to come in and talk business or did you just come here to shout at me?"
She fell silent and her scowl deepened but she went in. I propped myself on the edge of my desk and waited for her to talk. She took several seconds to compose herself, then said, "Lucina told me you were looking for her little girl."
It took me several seconds to process that. It helped when I remembered that Lucina was Belita's mother, but Belita was hardly a little girl. Not to mention, I hadn't even started looking for Belita yet, but I nodded for her to continue.
"My daughter, Laura, has been missing for a week. The police say they're looking, but I don't believe they're looking very hard." Anger tinged her voice but this time it wasn't directed at me.
My stomach rumbled, my head still ached, and this woman had been irritating from the start, but she was a potential client and she did have a good reason to be distraught. I sighed. "What do you expect me to do?"
She looked at me like I was stupid. "Find her, of course."
Of course she expected that. I smiled weakly at her and said, "The trail is already a week old and you have no idea where she is. It might not be easy to find her and I charge twenty talents an hour."
She gaped at me. "That's a small fortune."
I shrugged. "Look, I'm in business and I'm busy. I can't take on a string of charity cases."
She glared at me. "You're just as bad as the rest of them. Always favoring the rich, never caring what happens to the poor."
"I'm not so far from poor myself."
She scowled at me but dug around in her handbag until she came out with a tightly folded, ten-talent banknote which she carefully unfolded and tried to smooth out against her thigh. "This is all I have." She extended it to me and held that position, looking at me.
I looked into her eyes and behind the mask of anger I saw a frightened mother looking out, pleading with me to help her find her missing daughter.
I took a deep breath, reached out and took the banknote from her fingers. So much for easy money. "I'll see what I can do, but don't expect much." I took down her name, Stella, and her address, which was close to Lucina's, and told her I'd drop by in the afternoon to start my search. She thanked me profusely, I gently urged her out the door and then got down to the serious business of eating my lunch.
#   #   #
After lunch I walked around the end of Old Harbor and about half a mile roughly south into the Southwest Quadrant, to my mother's house near the edge of the old Greek section. It's a small house, left to her by my father. She lives there with one loyal servant, a chubby maid my age who always made bedroom eyes at me, but she was too close to my mother for me to ever consider doing anything with her, even if I was attracted to her, which I wasn't.
As I approached my eyes were drawn to the oak wreath carved in the stone above the door, a significant honor bestowed on him by the officials for his prominent deeds of bravery, both as a military officer and later, as a bodyguard. His bravest act had cost him his life.
I knocked on the door and entered without waiting for a reply. I walked through the atrium to the dining room at the back, nodding to the bust of my father before I acknowledged my mother.
"You're late," she accused me. "You said you would join me for lunch."
In truth I had said no such thing, I simply hadn't disillusioned her when she said she would be expecting me, but I didn't argue the point. "I was too busy. I had to go all the way out to Gray's Roadhouse this morning so I ordered some food there, and I picked up two other clients already today. The last one showed up just as I was about to come here, so if you want to blame anybody for me being late, blame her."
She looked like she didn't quite believe me. I kept my face impassive, wondering how she could know I was stretching the truth.
"You can at least sit down for dessert. You didn't eat dessert, did you?"
I smiled and shook my head. Before I finished sitting her maid she had a plate and a glass on the table in front of me. I responded politely to her small talk while I devoured the quarter of a peach pie on the plate and downed the water in the glass, concentrating more on the delicious pie than on what she was saying. She let on that she was seeing another man but didn't go into any details, which was fine with me. I don't know why she always wants to tell me, or why it bothers me as much as it does.
My father, the captain of the guard of a prominent Senator, was one of the highest ranking soldiers in Agrippina. When he died in the course of his duty five or six years ago he left my mother with the house and a substantial pension. There are a lot of predators that feed on rich widows but so far she has come out unscathed, so I don't try to babysit her. Ever since one heated argument with my mother soon after my father died I made it a point never to say anything about the men my mother chose to associate with, and in return she's kept quiet about the women I associated with, though I always seem to have a lot more not to say than she does.
I refused a second piece of pie even though I was tempted. "I better get to work. I still have two more cases I need to work on today," I reminded her.
She let me into her bedroom and I went straight to her jewelry case, a large, black and red lacquered box from China. The necklace in question was a thick, braided gold chain, with an elaborate gold pendant, inset with a single large ruby surrounded by a dozen diamonds. My father had taken it as plunder in a far-off campaign and it was her most prized possession. I don't know why she didn't keep it more secure. The jewelry case wasn't even locked.
There were actually several items missing from the box and they all caused interference, making it harder to get a good impression of the necklace I wanted to know about. Subconsciously my mind automatically located the missing items that were nearby and I went around the house picking up a pair of earrings from under the bed, some more earrings, a ring and a couple of bracelets from other rooms. My mother knew how I worked so she didn't interfere, she just thanked me for the jewelry and let me carry on.
I detected nothing malignant in the vicinity so I went into my trance and focused on the necklace. Getting an impression is something any magician can do to a certain extent, and the training at RIM enhances it. My talent for finding things is an aspect of that but it's a rare specialty that functions at a subconscious level. It's powerful but subtle. Sometimes it can be rather vague and occasionally it doesn't function at all, in which case I need to try a different tack. In this case I knew instantly that the necklace was somewhere near the sea, but that's all I could tell about its current location. If it stayed in one place for a longer period, or if I got closer to it, I might be able to get a better fix on it.
As strong as my talent is, there is still some guessing involved, and sometimes plenty of legwork. I didn't relish the thought of searching for the necklace along the waterfront, but fortunately I had developed some contacts that might cut down on my legwork. I had a pretty good idea where to start looking.
As to how the necklace got to the waterfront, well, a handsome, gray-haired man stepped into her bedroom, grabbed it out of the box like he knew exactly where it was, and slipped it into his pocket. I assumed he was my mother's latest beau, so I couldn't mention his part without upsetting my mother and becoming a target for her illogical ire, which irked me and complicated the issue. Somehow I had to make him pay, or at least get him away from my mother for good without getting her mad at me.
When I came out of my trance she was standing, watching me. "Well, what did I do with it this time?"
I pretended I needed a bit more information. "Where did you go the last time you wore it?"
She thought about that for a while, then said, "It was about a week ago, when I went with Orfidius to Neptune's Palace, that fancy sea food restaurant that recently opened down at the east end of the Old Harbor. Have you eaten there yet?"
"No, not yet." It was a bit out of my price range but I had considered taking Zena there.
"Do you think I lost it there?"
I knew it had disappeared from her jewelry box just a couple of days ago but I said, "I get the feeling it's down by the water, so that's a possibility. I'll check into it this evening."
"Thank you."
"I really wish you would be more careful with that necklace. The day will come when I won't be able to find it."
She shook her head and smiled. "Your father had a powerful binding spell placed on it when he presented it to me, so as long as I'm alive it will never be long separated from me."
I winced. "There are ways to break spells, or block them, or get around them, and even the most powerful spells wear out when they're repeatedly taxed."
She laughed and patted my arm. "You worry too much. This bauble wouldn't be worth what it would take to break the spell."
I shook my head. "That's a very valuable piece of jewelry. I know people who have died for less."
"It's a very powerful spell, and if the spell ever fails, which I'm sure it won't, I'll still have you and your talent to find it for me."
I rolled my eyes. How could I argue with logic like that?
"In fact, it's conceivable that your talent manifested because of the spell. Now go."
That was an interesting notion. I kissed her on the cheek and got out of there.

Chapter 6
Heading north to Old City I made a slight detour past Neptune's Palace, where the clock in the square said it was nearly two o'clock, so I hurried up to Barber Street to find the address Belita's mother had given me. She wasn't paying me much but she was paying, and it wouldn't take me long to get an impression of Belita. If it didn't lead me right to her it would at least give me something to fix on so I could start searching. Without that I would be just another normal poking around.
Barber Street is in the Northwest Quadrant, but it's not part of Old City and it's not as narrow as the streets there, but new growth of the city to the east has left it behind to age and decay. The address turned out to be the Graccus Laundry, a family business by the look of it, in a two-story stucco building, a bit rundown but clean, stuck between others nearly the same. It had a fairly narrow frontage but here, away from Old City, the blocks were bigger and buildings got pretty long.
There are lots of laundries in the city and competition is fierce, but I knew they did good work here because I used their services myself, which explained why the name and address had seemed familiar, though I didn't remember till now because I had only been here the one time I set up my account. After that it was just a weekly visit from the boy with the laundry cart.
When I walked in I was assaulted by the heat and humidity. A woman who looked like a younger version of Lucina greeted me from behind a counter, her youthful prettiness already beginning to fade, worn away by hard work.
"I'm here to see Lucina," I told her. I could see the curiosity brightening in her eyes but I stood patiently and volunteered no further information.
After several seconds she said, "Wait here. I'll get her." She disappeared through a door and I heard her climbing a flight of stairs. A few minutes later she returned with Lucina in tow.
As soon as Lucina saw me she said, "Oh thank you so much for coming. Please, please come upstairs." The daughter remained at her post but turned to watch me. I flashed a smile at her just as I closed the door behind me.
At the top of the stairs my feet stepped onto worn carpet while my head rose into the warm, spicy smell of a recent meal. I refused any refreshments but she kept insisting until I accepted a glass of water, but I didn't sit down. I took a drink and asked her about Belita's last day.
"She worked downstairs, folding laundry, like she does every day. She works hard and she doesn't complain, but she likes to go out at night. Yesterday after dinner she went out with a couple of her friends."
"Do you know where they went?"
"No."
"Do you know the names of the friends she went out with, and where I might find them?" She gave me their names, their home addresses, and where they worked and I wrote it all down. "Thank you, this is all very helpful, but there's just one more thing. I need something personal of hers, something she's worn, and I'd like to see her bedroom, where she sleeps."
Lucina looked at me aghast.
I sighed and refrained from rolling my eyes. "Relax, I'm not a pervert, this is just how my magic works. I don't absolutely need to see her bedroom, but it might help a lot. At the very least I need something she wore for a long time, like a ring, or something she wore frequently, preferably not washed since she wore it."
"Ah, I have just the thing," Lucina said. She slipped through a door, careful not to open it too wide, and came back out a few minutes later to hand me a wooden comb, of the type women use, not to comb their hair, but to hold it in place. There were a couple of wavy black hairs still stuck in it.
"That's perfect," I said, taking the comb from her. I got no immediate impression, just the smooth feeling of the fine, dark-grained wood. Of the five elements, I have the strongest affinity for wood, so I was a bit surprised when I didn't get any impression.
I regulated my breathing and went into a light trance, holding the comb with both hands to get as much contact as possible. I rubbed the comb, feeling it's smoothness, I touched the hairs, trying to connect with the person it came from. I saw a pretty girl, wearing a frilly, pale blue dress, standing in front of an olive tree in the sunshine. She had bright blue eyes, a wide, cheerful smile and thick, wavy, black hair that was pinned back from her face with a pair of combs like the one I held. The picture was clear to me and I recognized the park, but I couldn't pick up the slightest hint of where she was now.
When I opened my eyes I saw Lucina watching me closely. "Thank you," I said. "May I borrow this? It will make it easier for me to find her if I take it with me." She nodded. I told her I would let her know of any progress I made in her case and left.
I found Belita's friends only a block away, working right where Lucina had said they would be. They were eager to help, spilling such out a torrent of details about what they wore, where they went and who they saw and what they did that I had to keep interrupting to get them back on track.
Boiled down to the essentials, they had gone drinking and dancing in two night clubs and while they were dancing in the second one with a couple of men Belita had disappeared. That wasn't like Belita. They stayed in the club for another half hour without seeing her, then went home because they had to work the next day. They had been too busy to think about her today and until now had assumed she made it home safely. I got the name of the night club, but I would have to wait until evening to pick up her trail from there.
The sunlight dimmed and the temperature dropped and I looked up to see a cloud passing in front of the sun, with more clouds growing overhead and massing in the west. It looked like it would rain tonight.
#   #   #
While I was in the neighborhood I had one more place to go and I wasn't looking forward to the visit. Stella's address was a block or so into Old City, in a second floor apartment with an exterior entrance, accessible by a rickety, wooden staircase. As I climbed it I got a strong impression that a lot of men came this way. I knocked on the door and Stella opened it.
"I didn't think you would come."
"You paid me for half an hour. I figure I can spare ten minutes for you now."
She stood aside and let me in. The apartment was even smaller than mine. It was clean but a musky odor lingered in the air under the pervasive scent of perfume. "What do you want?"
"I need to see her room and I need something she wore, preferably not washed."
Stella looked at me like I was kinky and I knew I'd have to get used to such reactions or be more careful how I worded my request, but she said, "I have just the thing." I followed her into Laura's room and she pulled open a drawer. "Some of her clients request them."
This was getting way too kinky for me right now so I shook my head and said, "Maybe I'd prefer something else."
She smiled mischievously and handed me a silk glove. "She used to wear this frequently until she lost the other one."
"That's perfect," I said, feeling just a bit foolish as I took it from her. I got an instantaneous impression of Laura, a voluptuous and hot blooded young woman, a bit on the short side, with dark hair, dark skin and dark eyes. She was a licensed prostitute working the nearby streets and she brought her customers here. No wonder the police weren't looking very hard.
"What's wrong?" Stella interrupted.
"Nothing. Give me a minute." I stayed away from the bed because I knew what kind of impression I would get there, and it would only distract me, so I concentrated instead on her dressing table and the glove in my hand. I closed my eyes, regulated my breath, went into my trance, checked for malignancies, then opened my mind.
I got a strong and immediate impression that she enjoyed her job, and a temptation to focus on that, but I pushed it away as irrelevant and concentrated harder. If she was alive I should be able to get her current location, but no matter how hard I concentrated the only impression I got was wet stone.
I opened my eyes to see Stella watching me closely. I said, "I can't be sure, but I think Laura is still alive."
Hope flared in her eyes but she was skeptical by nature. "How do you know?"
"Magic." I wasn't inclined to give this woman a lengthy explanation, especially since my magic hadn't worked very well.
"So where is she?"
"Someplace where there is wet stone."
"That could be almost anywhere," she said, voicing my own conclusion.
I shrugged. "That's all I can tell now. But it will help if you can tell me all about the last time you saw her."
"It was about a week ago, and she went out to get a customer just like she did every night, except this time she didn't come back."
"I see. Do you have any idea where she was that night?"
She gave me a wry grin. "She never goes far. Hunting out of her territory can get her in trouble, and life is hard enough without asking for trouble."
I nodded. "That's for sure. Can you tell me exactly how many days she's been gone?" 
Her eyes drifted up as she counted the days backward on her fingers, mumbling to herself the whole time, then held up one hand with her fingers splayed. "Five days."
I nodded like that was significant, but it was just another piece of information, not much help by itself. I asked a few more questions about Laura's territory, who knew her, who might have seen something happen to her. Finding out what they knew meant more legwork for me tonight, if I could find the time.
I put the glove in a pocket, thanked her for her time and got out of there.

Chapter 7
Looking for Carina's husband had taken up most of the morning, my other cases another hour. Before I proceeded on Carina's case I wanted to hear what Zena had to tell me, and my other paying cases weren't paying much so I didn't feel guilty about not pursuing them very ardently while I took some time this afternoon to look for my mother's missing necklace.
Nothing in Old City is more than half a mile away from anything else in Old City, so it didn't take me long to walk to my destination down on Harbor Avenue, which runs along the north shore of the Old Harbor. On one side is a marina full of boats and ships of all sizes and shapes, on the other side are lots of sailor bars, tenement houses, and weather-beaten warehouses, some of them two or three blocks long.
Three times already this month, while searching for a client's jewelry, my talent had led me to this particular, inconspicuous, perfectly legal, business enterprise, "Farris Trading: Imports & Exports" according to the sign. On my first visit I figured out that the legal business was just a front, but when I tried to break through that front I landed trussed up at the feet of Farris the Fence. When I identified myself and explained my business he pondered my fate, then decided he had a need for my talent, so I agreed to find one item for him free of charge.
We made a deal. I swore I would never turn him in to the police, and always made sure his name was never mentioned, as long as he turned over to me any client's item for the price he had paid for it, usually only a fraction of what it was worth, and far less than he could have sold it for. He avoided a lot of trouble that way. In return he swore that as long as I kept my word he wouldn't kill me or have me killed, but if I took too much profit away from him I would owe him a service.
I entered the door under a sign that read "Office" and marched right past three desks to the door marked "Private". I stated my name and business to the tough guy guarding the door and a few minutes later I was ushered in.
Farris jumped up from his seat and came around his big desk to greet me. "Hey Berk, what brings you here?" He kept smiling, so he must have had a profitable morning. Whenever I showed up at his establishment I usually cut into his profit but he was always friendly to me. I didn't like his business, and I was never sure how much of his friendliness was just an act, but I had a hard time not liking him, so I preferred to keep my distance.
"I'm looking for a gift for my mother."
"Your mother?" His eyebrows went way up and his smile slipped a bit.
"Yes, my mother. It's a necklace." Even if it hadn't passed through his hands I thought there was a chance he knew something about it, and sure enough, as soon as I started describing it he held up his hand.
"I can't help you. I don't have it." He shrugged.
"But you've seen it."
He knew me and my talent so he didn't try to deny that, but he sighed and retreated behind his desk before he said, "You're right. It was here."
"You bought it." I was only guessing about that part but he confirmed it.
"Yeah yeah, I did, but like I said, I don't have it anymore. Somebody snatched it up only a few hours after it came into my possession."
"Who bought it?"
He looked at me kind of sideways and gave me a crooked little shrug. "You know I can't tell you that."
I felt like grabbing him and shaking him until he cooperated, but ratting on associates was never part of our deal, and even if he didn't stab me himself I knew a couple of his henchmen were only seconds away. I acknowledged him with a nod, then calmed myself and went into a light, brief trance. To Farris I seemed only to take a few deep breaths, but it was enough for my talent to pick up a picture of a ship. "Then just tell me the name of the ship it's on."
He set his jaw and shook his head but I saw a glint of fear in his eyes.
I smiled and pressed my advantage. "You might as well tell me because you know I'm going to find out anyhow, and you're just as likely to be blamed either way."
Farris sighed and gave in. "I hope you're right. It's on The Lion Of The Sea."
"Thanks, that's all I needed to know."
"Right. Now get out of here."
I took my leave immediately, before I wore out my welcome even further. He had already been paid for the necklace so I wasn't going to cost him anything, but he didn't like to be pushed around, even on a minor matter like this, and I knew better than to press my luck.
#   #   #
At the west end of Harbor Avenue a military fort stands guard over the bottleneck entrance to the bay. At the south end of that massive structure I located the shipping office, but The Lion Of The Sea wasn't listed there, which meant it wasn't in the Old Harbor, so I followed the Coast Road north.
Past the fort the road angled to the northeast. The sun, poking through a break in the clouds, sparkled off the water of the Bay of Lions. The only thing between me and the Mediterranean Sea was was an expanse of water with a bare rock thrusting up through the surface.
On the seaward side of the Coast Road, every three hundred yards or so, is a small bay, not as protected as Old Harbor but still suitable as a port. Because of some decades-old politics each has its own government shipping office, crammed into a little corner of another building. At the third and final one a bored clerk gave me a dock number for The Lion Of The Sea and the name of the company she dealt with.
The company office was a shaky lean-to stuck to the side of a warehouse. I braced myself and went inside to ask a few questions. The Lion didn't sail for another four days and she had a few berths open for passengers, so I pretended to be interested and got a guided tour of the ship.
She was a three-masted cargo ship that had seen better times, but even though she looked pretty rough she was still seaworthy. My escort, a harried woman in her thirties who had to lock up the office to give me the tour, must have thought I was deaf or mentally deficient because I was focusing more on my mother's necklace than on what she was saying, but I didn't care what she said or thought.
When we passed a carved, paneled door she said, "This is the captain's cabin, but you never get to go in there."
I just nodded and smiled even though I sensed the necklace was right there on the other side of the wall. I could afford to pay a bit more attention during the rest of the tour but there was really nothing more I needed to know. The necklace was inaccessible to me now but I had a few days to figure out a way to get it back.
#   #   #
I stopped in at Caracalla's Baths on my way home. This had already been the busiest day of my career and it wasn't over yet. Talking to a woman as pretty as Zena didn't sound like work to me, and it didn't have to be all work, so showing up fresh and clean at her place seemed like a good idea.
Caracalla's Baths isn't as large or fancy as bathhouses in the other quadrants; there are no elaborate gardens surrounding the property, no sandy paths lined with statuary by famous artists, and no famous orators or warriors or poets lounging about, just plenty of white marble on the walls and floors, and lots of water, with hot, warm and cold pools. There may be cheaper places to go for a bath but Caracalla keeps his place clean and that counts for a lot.
The present Caracalla was the third generation with the same name running the place. Nobody remembered what it had been called before. He was a quiet man, getting a bit fatter every year, never moving fast, but always busy. He never seemed to be watching but he never missed anything. Stuck in the heart of Old City there was a lot of riffraff around but payment was up front and Caracalla always had muscles on staff to maintain order.
I was plenty grimy from my travels and I had no time for working out in the gym, or lingering to soak and socialize, but I didn't run into anybody I knew so no one hassled me about hurrying. Another thing I dislike about the upscale baths in other quadrants are the annoying trainers always getting in your face trying to help you lose weight or build up a muscle group.
On the way out I paused to scan the news bulletins. New stories are posted every day and usually left up for a week but I only had to check the last couple of days because I like to keep up to date. An old man, tall and thin, with a long gray beard, was reading an article to a group of men. I saw him frequently, trying to earn a few coins by reading news stories for those who couldn't read for themselves, a group that woefully still included nearly half the population, with a higher proportion among the poor who inhabited Old City.
The old man read too slowly for my taste but his rich, mellow voice drew me in so I found myself listening to him, rather than squeezing in beside him and reading for myself.
The story started out by reporting the murder of a young woman in Old City. Nothing unusual about that, I thought, which is just what the writer wanted us to think, but the next part of the story reviewed some similar murders in recent months. That's where the reader cut off because his listeners were losing interest, but I was interested so I pushed my way closer and finished reading the story myself.
The story listed several other murders, then drew the conclusion that there were more murders this year than at the same time last year, too many more, and a disproportionate amount of them were women. Add in the number of young women who had simply disappeared and we had, according to the writer, a serious epidemic on our hands, even though officials refused to acknowledge that there was a problem, and police said it was business as usual, with every case being investigated. Even allowing for the melodramatic tone of the article it sounded to me like there really was something wrong in our fair city, and I couldn't help but wonder if the women I was searching for were somehow connected.

Chapter 8
That evening, gazing across the candle lit dinner table into Zena's brilliant, blue eyes, I had to remind myself that, now that dinner was eaten, I was here on business. Instead of complimenting her on her eyes I said, "You worked for Aldwin for a long time. Did you like him?"
Her smile made her eyes sparkle. "Oh, yes, he was a wonderful man. His concept of interchangeable parts put together on an assembly line enabled him to build furniture several times faster than his competitors, but even though he was rich he shared his wealth, treating all his employees well and paying us top wages."
"Not like Cal."
She shook her head so her hair went flying. "Not at all. Cal increased the workload and decreased the payroll, leaving fewer people to do more work, and now, instead of giving us a raise, he's talking about cutting our pay. If he does that I am out of there."
I thought about the woman waiting for me outside my office this afternoon, and despite my flippant attitude at the time I knew it would happen again, and it would lose me some clients. I thought about someone who knew what they were doing handling my paperwork and accounts, and I thought about the wad of money in my pocket, and I said, "If you ever do that, and you need a job, why don't you come and work for me?"
She looked me in the eye, saw that I was serious and cut her laugh short, but she kept smiling as she said, "I'll consider it."
Back to the case. "What do you think of Aldwin's disappearance?"
Zena leaned forward and her dark hair swung down beside her face as though to veil her secret. "I think he planned it a long time ago."
That was more or less what the cops suspected. I shifted my chair closer and leaned toward her. "What makes you think that?"
Her eyes gleamed with excitement and she lowered her voice. "I did some snooping in files I wasn't supposed to see. More than two years ago Aldwin began making regular, large payments to The Good Fortune Company, a company we had never dealt with at all before, and I couldn't find any indication of what kind of product or service they offered, so I have no idea what Aldwin was paying for. I found their office downtown but there was never anyone there when I checked."
I sat back and smiled in admiration while I considered what she'd said. "Blackmail, perhaps? Did Aldwin have any enemies, or ugly secrets in his past?"
She sipped her wine before replying. "None that I know of, but he didn't seem the type to have ugly secrets."
"That could just mean he hid them well."
"Perhaps you're right, but I don't think so, and if he had any enemies, other than a few jealous business rivals, I never saw any sign of them in the two years I've been working there. I figured he was diverting some of the company cash flow for personal reasons, but he owned the company so it was his own money. It wasn't hurting the company and there was nothing illegal about it, just highly irregular."
I frowned. "Wouldn't Cal have noticed something like that?"
"I'm sure he would have, which makes me suspect he was in on it with Aldwin right from the start. He's wanted the furniture company for years and now he has it."
"No wonder he didn't want me sniffing around about his father's disappearance." I sat back in my chair. "Do you have an address for the Good Fortune Company?" I figured it was important but I didn't know how it fit, or if I would find anything useful there. The trail to Aldwin Nahasa kept getting longer.
Zena dug into her leather handbag and passed me a piece of paper with the name and address already written on it.
"Thanks," I said as I tucked it into a pocket. "You've been extremely helpful. In fact, I feel like I should pay you for helping so much."
"Oh, you don't have to do that." She patted me on the arm. "It was fun."
"The client covers all expenses, including paid informants, whether they had fun or not."
"I just couldn't."
"You don't need any extra money?"
"It seems so low, so sleazy."
I shrugged, and dropped the matter. "If you remember anything else that you think might be remotely useful, please contact me."
"Be sure that I will." She smiled at me across the table. "But you'll have to tell me everything when you find out what happened to Aldwin."
I smiled back, a little bit dazed by her smile. "Yes, of course I will." I turned my attention to the wine and conversation lapsed for a while, but I couldn't tear my eyes away from her face for very long.
She gazed frankly back at me. After a while she said,  "How did you ever get into the business of finding things? I've never heard of such a service before."
"Any wizard could do it with some degree of success, but they're all employed by the government doing more important jobs, so the service isn't available to the general public, but it's my strongest talent and I thought it should be available."
"How altruistic of you."
I smiled and shook my head. "Not entirely. When I was a child my father used to joke that, with my knack for finding lost things, when I grew up I could earn a living doing it for people. Easy Money,' he called it. Even though he died before I was old enough to enroll he made sure I had enough money put away to get me through the first two years at the Roman Institute Of Magic. When I didn't make the grade to become a wizard I signed up for a stint in the army."
Her eyebrows rose. "The army? Didn't you get a license to practice magic?"
"Oh, sure I did, but the city doesn't need another failed wizard setting up shop and struggling to earn a living by telling fortunes and selling marginally effective charms and potions. Joining the army may not have been the best thing for me, because it's hard for me to follow orders, but it made me strong, and taught me how to fight, but mostly it gave me time to think.
"That's when I started earning a bit of extra cash by finding things my squad mates lost or misplaced. My reputation grew and pretty soon I was finding things for the whole camp. The officers sometimes made use of my talent but they didn't pay me any extra and I hated being used like a tool, so sometimes my talent didn't work as well as it could. When I got out of the army I decided I wanted to be my own boss so I opened my agency."
"How are you doing at it?"
I shrugged. "It's too soon to tell for sure but it seems pretty good so far. I just started at the beginning of the month and I've made expenses, kept myself fed and entertained, and I already have enough money for next month's rent. I'm not even close to solving this case yet but Carina is willing to pay me as long as it takes, which is good because the trail is cold and it looks pretty long from here and my talent isn't really helping much." I swirled some wine around in my glass.
"So what made you decide to look for people too? Did you need more business?"
"I don't know about that. I told my mother I wanted more excitement in my life, more challenges."
She studied my face for several seconds. I didn't meet her eyes. She said, "That's not the real reason is it?"
I started to say it was, but when I looked at her, saw her interest and concern, I felt a connection and I found myself opening up to her and telling her the truth. "No, it's not."
She waited patiently while I poured more wine into my glass and took a drink.
"It's not something I planned, or even thought about before it happened. I had just finished with a client in the Southwest Quadrant and I was preparing to leave when his daughter came in, clearly distraught. She couldn't find her five-year-old daughter anywhere on the property. I explained that I had never found a person before, but he hired me on the spot at double my rate just to try. My talent worked and a few minutes later we found the little girl in the well, chilled to the bone but still hanging onto the bucket. He paid me even more than he said he would, but the real bonus was the joy I witnessed when the mother and daughter were reunited, and the gratitude she expressed to me. That's a warm feeling I don't get when I find an object, no matter how valuable it is." I fell silent.
The silence stretched, but not so long it got uncomfortable. She reached across the table and laid her hand briefly on mine.
"And what about you?" I asked.
She smiled shyly. "There's not much to tell. I grew up right here in Agrippina, I studied business and accounting in school, and when I finished I landed the job I have now, which I enjoyed until Cal took over. He keeps making passes at me, even though I've made it clear over and over that I have no interest in him. It's kind of creepy."
"I could beat him up for you." My tone was light but a part of me really wanted to do it.
She laughed and shook her head. "Thanks for the offer, but no. It's tempting but I don't think that's the best thing to do. Not yet, anyway."
We both laughed and her eyes sparkled.
"Another bottle of wine?"
Zena shook her head. "I think I'm done here. Let's go somewhere else, somewhere we can dance. We can order more wine there."
"Hey, great idea."
I took her to the night club where Belita had become separated from her friends. It's been called the Coconut Club for a couple of years now, to stay in tune with the loud drums and pulsing rhythms of the African music that is so popular with the younger crowd these days. My mother calls it barbaric. While I don't totally disagree with her assessment, I still enjoy it a lot. Being barbaric can be fun; it stirs the blood, stimulates the mind.
Dinner had been at Carina's expense, under the category of paying an informant, but I paid for our wine and dancing because I wasn't working anymore. We danced for hours, with Zena drinking most of the wine, but we both had loads of fun. About ten o'clock she called it off for the night because she had to be at work in the morning. I didn't argue because I had work yet to do tonight.

Chapter 9
When we emerged from the heated atmosphere inside the club, the cold, damp night air made me shiver despite my coat and Zena pressed closer to me. I flagged a cab, one of the newfangled, one-horse kind that looks like a covered chariot, with the driver's seat mounted up high on the back. Zena's face was still flushed from dancing as she climbed into the cab. I leaned in and her lips met mine. It was a quick kiss, but it was very sweet, and I promised to call her soon.
I closed the door, the cabby took up the reins and set the horse in motion. I watched until the cab was out of sight, then went back into the club.
I had checked out the bartenders earlier and now I ordered a beer from the thin blond guy who seemed friendly and especially alert. When he served my beer I said, "I'm trying to find a young woman who was in here last night." While he took my money and made change I took a long drink of beer. Wine is fine but I have a preference for beer, a taste I got from my Viking father.
He handed me my change. "Hundreds of people come in here every night. How do you expect me to remember every one of them?"
I was on a limited expense account with this case so I slipped out a five and laid it on the bar but kept my hand on it.
He knew the game. He leaned on the bar and his eyes flicked down to the money but he didn't reach for it. "So who are you looking for?"
I described Belita and her two friends and gave their names.
"Yeah, I saw them last night. They come in here once or twice a week. Nice girls."
"Did you notice anything unusual happen to them last night?" I took my hand off the five.
He shook his head.
"Who did she leave with?"
"Hey, now that you mention it, that is strange." He made the fiver disappear and leaned closer. "She left with a guy dressed all in black. I noticed him when he came in because his clothes looked brand new. He sat alone at a table, but he seemed friendly. He talked to several women and danced with a few, but now that you made me think about him, I think he was watching your girl from the time he came in, without being obvious about it."
"So how could you tell?"
He smiled at me like I had missed something obvious, and now I saw a depth in his eyes that made him look several years older than I had originally assumed. "I've been watching people in here every night for years and I know most of the types that come in. He tried to blend in but he didn't quite fit."
"What do you mean?" Something distinctive would make him easier to find.
His face squinted as he tried to put his concept into words. "It was like he was too old, but he didn't look that old, and even when he was smiling he looked like he wasn't really having fun. When her friends got up to dance with a couple of guys he went right over and sat with her. A few minutes later they left together."
"That fast? Was he forcing her?"
He thought for a second, then shook his head. "No, he was holding her by the hand and she was going along real quiet, just like dozens of couples do every night. Did something happen to her? He might have slipped something into her drink. That happens a lot."
I could think of a few drugs that might make her docile, but not so quickly, unless there was magic involved. This wasn't looking good for Belita. "Did you ever see him before?"
"Yeah, I saw him once before, night before last. He kept to himself and only stayed for one drink."
"You're sure it was him?"
"Positive. I have a good memory for faces and I served his drink myself."
"So what did he look like?"
"Black hair, two or three inches taller than her, thin, with a narrow face, but his lips looked like he was getting ready to kiss something. He was a good-looking guy and the women all seemed to notice him, but his eyes were hard."
"Did you notice if he wore any jewelry, or anything distinctive?"
He shook his head.
"Did you see which way they went?"
"You sure want a lot for a fiver."
I gave a slight shrug. "Sorry, this is a low budget investigation. Her mother isn't rich but she's very worried."
He sighed, glanced up and down the bar, then continued. "I'm not sure, but it looked to me like they turned to the right as they went out. That's all I could see from here."
It was time to let him get back to work. "Thanks, you've been a big help. When I get rich I'll come back and buy you a drink." He just smiled and went to serve another customer. I wouldn't have believed me either.
I downed my beer and headed outside to a rain that felt colder than my beer.
I turned to the right and started walking uphill, not really caring which street I was on or where I was going. I took Belita's comb out of my pocket and held it in my hand while I concentrated on her but I felt nothing, so I let my hand fall at my side and kept walking, gazing unfocused into the falling rain.
I had a vague feeling that I was going in approximately the right direction, but when I tried to concentrate on that feeling I lost it. I emptied my mind, slipping into a trance, and when I walked faster the feeling grew slightly stronger. I didn't try to analyze it or force it, I just kept walking in what felt like the right direction without paying much attention to where I was.
The rain kept most people inside and all those who were out seemed anxious to get somewhere, hurrying through the darkness to the feeble pools of light cast by the widely-spaced street lamps. Some light leaked from curtained windows but it didn't amount to much at street level and I stumbled quite a few times, but not badly enough to snap me right out of my trance.
A narrow street, with only occasional broken paving stones showing above the mud, took me roughly north for three or four short blocks to a fork, where I hesitated for a few seconds, then took the street that curved to the northwest. The narrow street curved back to the north and I came out on Old Wall Street, the wide boulevard where the Old City wall used to be, hundreds of years ago.
The feeling I was following had been so vague it disappeared when I paid attention to it, like a dim star from the corner of your eye that disappeared when you looked right at it, but now I looked north and saw a low hill a hundred yards ahead, with light showing through some trees part way up the slope. That it was my destination, or close to it, I had no doubt.
Not many people live near here because Old Wall Street is where light industry starts replacing commercial and residential buildings, so there isn't much traffic out here at night, which means fewer streetlights. I realized I had been walking blindly in a trance through dangerous territory, so I checked all around to make sure I wasn't being targeted. Fortunately the few people who braved the weather had better places to be than here.
I crossed the boulevard and started climbing the overgrown slope. Even though it wasn't raining all that hard, every bush I touched seemed eager to dump all the cold water from it's leaves onto me at once, so I soon became thoroughly soaked. "No way she's paying me enough for this job," I complained to myself, but I had endured far worse while in the army, and the pay there hadn't been so great either, so I kept going. At this point it was more to satisfy my curiosity than desire to give my client her money's worth. I had come this far; I couldn't turn back now.
The ground leveled and another road crossed my path. Across the road to my left a large building with a couple of yard lights emanated the rank smell of manure and rotten meat and I heard live cattle in stockyards on the far side of the building, so I guessed it must be a slaughterhouse.
Straight across the street from me stood a stone wall in bad repair but still too high to see over. I crossed the street at an angle to a gate of rusted iron bars that hung open a couple of feet and looked like it had been in that position for years, with dirt built up and weeds growing around the bars. A long time ago someone had wanted to block access; access was no longer blocked but nobody cared anymore.
What with the rain and darkness I couldn't really tell how much traffic had gone through the gate, so I reached out to touch an iron bar and briefly opened myself to a quick impression. Such a wave of bad vibes emanated from everywhere in front of me that it mostly drowned out any impression I got from the gate, and I reflexively closed myself for protection. All I could tell was that the threshold had been disturbed recently.
 I slipped through the space and took a couple of steps to the left so I wouldn't be silhouetted against the opening anymore.
The lights from next door didn't shine into this yard, but even though it wasn't completely dark I couldn't see much with everything slick and shiny from the rain, and all I could hear was the steady susurration of rain on the overgrown grass and bushes. Straight ahead in front of the gate loomed the silhouette of a two-story house, not big enough to be called a mansion by today's standards. It seemed to be deserted but with my inconclusive impression at the gate I couldn't be sure, so I wiped raindrops from my face with a wet hand and drew my knife, wishing the law allowed me to carry a blade more than six inches long.
When this house had been built, way back when, it had been part of a villa outside the city wall, and the windows all faced outward, not inward to a courtyard as in dwellings from other eras. Empty of glass, all the windows revealed a deeper darkness that gave me the creeps, but my talent, in it's vague way, indicated my goal was past the house. I was glad I didn't have to go in there tonight.
The house appeared to be made of the same regular blocks of light colored stone as the front wall. I kept at least fifteen feet away as I negotiated a path through the weeds to the back yard, which turned out to be much smaller than I anticipated, ending at a stone wall twelve feet high. These stones were darker, grayer, with irregular sizes and weathered corners. When I touched the stones I got an impression of great age.
I still hadn't reached my goal, whatever that was.
With my left hand on the wall I felt my way along until the wall turned at a right angle away from me to the left. Four feet away another wall of ancient stone parallelled the first, creating a roofless passageway that led into deep, wet, darkness. Straight ahead, leading off to the right, was the old villa's wall of lighter, more regular stone blocks.
The darkness between the walls where I had to go was impenetrable so I made a light on the end of my finger, a simple spell all magicians learn in their first year at R.I.M., but I never could get it quite right and it always made my finger go numb after several minutes. Not only that, but the energy for the light comes from my own body and I was already wet and cold, so if I made it much brighter than a candle I would soon be shivering. At least it didn't flicker with every breath of wind.
Even with a my light I was disinclined to go in there but I pushed aside my fears and strode forward along the path between those two ancient walls. The path curved to the left and my talent told me that what I was looking for was inside the curve. Fingers of superstitious dread tickled my spine, or maybe it was just the cold rain, but either way I slowed and came to halt about thirty paces from the entrance.
I knew where I was now, at a place I'd heard of, and even studied in school, but never actually seen, The Old Stone Labyrinth at The Minotaur's Mansion. The mansion was reputed to be haunted and the way it looked tonight I wouldn't take much convincing. The house had picked up the name because of the labyrinth, which had nothing to do with any minotaur. The old, long-abandoned mansion, though hundreds of years old, was recent compared to the labyrinth, which was ancient, possibly predating the city itself, though the city has been here since the Phoenicians started using the port a couple of thousand years ago. No one knew who had built it, why they built it, or when it was done.
This far into the labyrinth I felt something evil hovering over it like a black cloud, darker than the night sky, but it wasn't a haunting, it was black magic that had been performed here not long ago. Right then I feared in my heart that I was too late for Belita, but I had to go in there, I had to know for certain, and despite a bone-deep reluctance to go any further I was too close to turn back now.
The hovering evil wasn't menacing, it was just the foul, psychic residue that hadn't yet dissipated from a malevolent spell, lingering on like a bad odor. I took some deep breaths to calm myself, I steeled my nerves to carry on, then I stopped to think.
Labyrinths and mazes are potent tools for some types of magic and I had studied them briefly in school. Because this one was named after the Minotaur I assumed it was a classic Cretan, seven-circuit design, with a single path curving back and forth around itself to the center. Judging by the width of the path I estimated it was hundreds of yards to walk to the center and the place was already creeping me out. I'm not a coward and I didn't sense any current danger, but I felt distinctly uncomfortable walking this path on this night. As a magician I'd learned not to ignore such feelings. If there was any alternative I would take it.
I squatted down and with the tip of my knife I drew a cross in the dirt, drew a right angle in each quadrant, and put a dot in each corner. Then I started connecting angles to dots and dots to angles, working my way around in sweeping curves until I was finished with a crude drawing of a seven-circuit labyrinth. There was no straight side, like there was here in the back yard of the Minotaur's Mansion.
Then I remembered that we had studied it because it wasn't typical. I eliminated the outer circuit, wiped out some long curves, reconnected some lines and there it was, straight on one side, round on the other, with the entrance at one end of the straight side. I studied the diagram for a while and saw my alternative.
I exited the labyrinth and went to the middle of the straight wall. I held my fingerlight up to take a closer look at the wall. It had been constructed of flat stones without any visible mortar and the large gaps between the stones made the wall almost as easy to climb as a ladder. In half a minute I was up, standing on top of the wall, which was a good foot and a half wide and still solid.
Spread before me, sweeping around in ever larger semicircles, were the circuits of the labyrinth. Directly below me was a straight section of the path. I brightened my light long enough to ensure that the space was empty, then climbed down to take a closer look. The sense of lurking evil was mostly gone, as if I had circumvented it by climbing over the wall instead of following the entire path.
The path turned ninety degrees to the left, curved through a tight semicircle, then turned ninety degrees again into a space about eight feet wide and twelve feet long. The wall at the far end matched the inner curve of the semicircle I had just walked. 
I didn't want to open myself very much because it could be extremely dangerous in an atmosphere like this, so I stood in the center of the space and tried to get a quick flash impression but the residual power of the black spell still overwhelmed my meager magic and all I saw was black mist.
But my talent had led me in its way to this isolated spot so I was sure Belita was in here. I just needed some proof.
I ignored the tingling that warned my finger was going numb and brightened my light again, long enough to take a good look all around. The floor of the labyrinth was close-set flagstones, almost completely covered with enough dirt to support weeds, but some of the weeds had been disturbed and some of the dirt looked more freshly packed than the rest, but the rain had long since erased any tracks that might have been left.
I crouched down and pulled at the sod, which came away in big, loose chunks, until I cleared a flagstone a foot wide and two feet long. I used my knife to lever up one edge until I got my fingers under it, then I flipped it over and shone my light into the depression. My nose twitched at the hint of the stink of black magic and my stomach did a flip-flop at the sight of what looked like a slab of raw beef in there, with dirt packed tightly all around it.
I was pretty sure it wasn't beef but I had to touch it to know so I reached out my hand and felt raw meat, colder than the rain. I jerked my hand away, but this was no time to be squeamish. I had to make myself more receptive.
I took a couple of deep breaths to compose myself and reached out again, this time closing my eyes just as I made contact. For a long second I was just touching a skinless corpse crammed into a sixteen-inch wide hole, then I saw a pretty girl with blue eyes and thick, black hair, Belita, wearing a frilly, pale blue dress, lit by a small lantern, standing over the spot where she was buried.
Then red filled my vision and a scream filled my head and the picture changed. My eyes slammed open and I snatched my hand away even faster than before but the vision was already burned into my mind, where I could study it like a painting.
Even though I would have preferred to erase it I closed my eyes and scrutinized the image in my mind. Belita was spread-eagled, stark naked, flat on her back, with a thin, naked man on top of her. It looked like he was raping her, then I thought he was skinning her, and then I saw that he was somehow doing both, despite his awkward position. The knife, barely four inches long, with a very curved blade, appeared to be made of bronze.
Murder most foul. The hackneyed phrase fit this situation more than any other I'd ever heard it applied to.
I touched the corpse again, hoping to get a better picture of the man, some clue to who he might be, but all I got was redness and pain, and the disturbing knowledge that she had somehow remained alive until after her skin was removed. I flipped the slab of rock back into place to keep animals off and wiped my hand on a clump of wet weeds at the base of the wall, but it still felt soiled.
It was time to get the police.

Chapter 10
My whole hand tingled from using my fingerlight too much but only the one finger was actually numb, so I managed to climb back out of the labyrinth the way I came in. I found my way back to the gate in the dark, shaking my hand in an attempt to get some feeling back in my finger. The house remained dark and silent but I couldn't shake the feeling that someone was in there watching me.
Even though it meant a slightly longer walk I stuck to the streets as I made my way back into the heart of Old City, hoping to run into a cop along the way but I learned there is some truth to the old saying that the police are never around when you need them.
Half a dozen wide steps lead up to the main entrance of the Northwest Quadrant police station, usually referred to as Old City Station. Two imposing stone columns of gray stone, four feet in diameter and twenty feet high, flank the doors, and rows of much thinner columns, with narrow windows between them, extend to each side, but the whole building has very little ornamentation beyond the police crest carved into the keystone of the arch over the main doors.
I entered a dim expanse of desks, with a few gas lamps spilling random pools of light across the floor and ceiling, but access into the depths of the station was blocked by a long, waist-high counter. A thick, gray-haired man at a nearby desk stopped writing and looked up at me.
"And what brings you in here at this time of night? Is it an emergency?"
I wiped water from my face and shook it off my hand. "No. I'm afraid that what I found isn't going anywhere."
The man sighed. "And what is it that you've found?"
"A corpse." I looked at the hand that had touched the corpse and wiped it on my wet pants but it still felt unclean.
"A corpse, eh?" He squinted at me with one eye.
I nodded and said, "Yes."
He grabbed a pen and paper, stood up and came to the counter. "Let's take it from the top. What's your name?"
"Berk Halvorsen." I helped him spell it.
"And how did you happen to find this corpse?"
"I was looking for a girl, a young woman, actually, Belita by name."
"Why?" the policeman interrupted, while continuing to write.
"Her mother, Lucina Graccus, hired me to find her. She didn't want to wait for the police to start looking." He looked at me with narrowed eyes under his bushy brows. It took me a second or two to realize that what I had just said could be taken as a dig at the way the police worked. I didn't try to correct what I had said but I kept my expression bland as I continued. "I found her under a flagstone in the center of the labyrinth at the Minotaur's Mansion."
His pen darted across the paper. "And she was dead when you found her?"
"Oh yeah."
He looked up at me. "How did you know?"
He was beginning to annoy me but a magician doesn't lose control over such petty matters. I leaned forward and down until I was less than a foot from his face and said, in a calm, quiet voice, "Because she didn't have any skin and she wasn't screaming."
His eyes narrowed, he put down his pen, stepped back and studied me. "This is too weird, I better get the inspector." He picked up his notes and spun around. "Keep an eye on him," he told a policeman as he walked past.
The man looked up from his desk, turned a bored, suspicious eye on me, saw that I wasn't going anywhere, said, "Sure Thaddeus," and went back to work.
I watched Thaddeus make his way through a maze of mostly unoccupied desks, knock lightly on a door, then disappear inside. A few minutes later he reappeared, let me past the counter and escorted me to the door, which he opened without knocking, and closed as soon as I stepped through.
A small, thin man with thin, dark hair tight to his scalp, introduced himself as Inspector Quintus. The thin mustache perched on his upper lip barely moved as he spoke. When we were seated in his little cubicle with his desk between us he said, "Sergeant Thaddeus told me you claim to have found a corpse."
I felt my eyes rolling at the redundancy and stupidity this interview promised to be full of. "I did find a corpse."
"Buried under a flagstone in the center of the labyrinth at the Minotaur's Mansion?"
"That's right. The corpse of Belita Graccus."
Inspector Quintus leaned back in his chair and turned his level gaze on me. I returned it as calmly as I could but I was wet and tired and getting low on patience.
"And you just happened to be passing through?"
I shook my head. "No, I was looking for her." I looked up at the ceiling, took a deep breath, then looked at the inspector. "Her mother came to me this morning and hired me to find her."
"Hired you?"
"That's right. My business is finding things." I dug out one of my business cards and handed it to him across his desk.
He studied it, then sat up a bit straighter and surveyed me with a new attitude, like he was ready to take me more seriously. "Berk Halvorsen. Of course I know that name. I worked with your father a couple of times a few years back." He leaned forward a bit. "How did you find the girl?"
I told him about how I had followed Belita's trail from her home to the nightclub where she had last been seen.
"Yes, very interesting, but how did you find her body in the center of the labyrinth?"
"It's a magic talent I have."
Quintus's eyebrows rose slightly in mild surprise and he put a hand up to his mouth, but not fast enough to hide his smile. "Good thing you didn't tell Thaddeus about that. He hates magic, claims most of it is fake and all of it should be against the law. He thinks only the gods should be allowed to use magic." He smiled again without trying to hide it this time, and leaned his elbows on his desk. "What level are you?"
"I'm a Certified Magician."
He flicked my card with a fingernail. "How is your business doing?"
"It started out pretty slow, but then I made a few prominent finds, which generated a bit of notoriety and brought in more work. Since then it's been easy money."
"Yes, I remember hearing a a bit about you, but I thought you only found lost items."
I grinned, just a little bit sheepishly, and pointed at the card. "I thought I could use a bit more excitement in my life so I expanded my business to include missing people."
"It sounds like you got your excitement alright."
"Yeah, but it's like my mother used to say, Be careful what you wish for because you might get it.' I sighed.
Quintus grinned. "How very true. So why aren't you a wizard now? With your natural talent Elevation should have been a cinch for you."
So many people had asked me that or a similar question that I had a stock answer ready, and I'd used it so many times it no longer felt like a lie. "It's a pretty stiff competition just to get into R.I.M.. Only one thousand students are enrolled each year and only one hundred of those are elevated. I was number one hundred and one."
"Ouch," Quintus said, wincing.
"Yeah, but don't cry for me, I got over it pretty fast."
"Didn't you try again the next year? You're allowed to try three times, aren't you?"
"Yes, three times in your life, but it means a lot of bribes and another year in the university, and I'd already spent my inheritance the first time through. Besides, every wizard works for the government and that is not the life for me."
"Hey, I work for the government."
"I didn't say it was bad, just not right for me."
"Ah." Quintus glanced down at his notes. "So you found a skinless corpse you claim is Belita. How did you know it was her?"
"I was looking for Belita when I found the corpse. If it wasn't her I wouldn't have been there."
He rolled his eyes. "That's rather circular reasoning, and it wouldn't convince Thaddeus."
I smiled and shrugged. He had a point but I wasn't finished. "To be honest, when I first saw it, I wasn't sure it was even human, so I touched it to get an impression." I shuddered at the memory.
He leaned forward with his elbows on his desk and asked in a gentle voice, "What did you see?"
I kept my eyes cast down. "She looked just like the image I saw when her mother first gave me one of her combs so I knew it was her. Then red washed over everything and for an instant I saw her, naked and spread-eagled, with a thin man on top of her, raping her." I looked up to meet his eyes. "At the same time he was skinning her." His face blanched. I looked down at my wet leather boots.
After a few seconds he said, "What do you mean, skinning her?"
I struggled to put the brief, confusing image into words. "I didn't see clearly, so I'm not sure how he was doing it, but I saw a strange knife with a wide, curved blade, and a big flap of skin peeled back from her stomach."
Another long pause. "Anything else?"
I shook my head. "I was so shocked I broke contact, and when I touched the corpse again I got nothing from it."
"What did this man look like?"
"Thin, with light skin and dark hair."
"That's not much to go on. A lot of people fit that description. How tall was he?"
"I couldn't tell, but the bartender at the Coconut Club might be able to give you a better description. He saw them leave together."
He took down the name of the nightclub and my description of the bartender I had talked to. "Now if you will just tell me exactly where this body is located."
I told him how I had taken a shortcut to the center of the labyrinth and exactly where I had uncovered the body. "I replaced the flagstone but I didn't conceal it like the killer did so it should be easy to find."
"That sounds like a great spot to hide a body. If not for you it might never have been discovered." He wrote rapidly for a minute, then said, "Thank you. That will be all."
"Don't you want me to show you where it is?"
He shook his head. "You've already contaminated the crime scene enough and the corpse isn't going anywhere. Two other bodies have been reported tonight so we'll get to yours when we have time. Don't worry, it won't be disturbed." He stood. "It's late, why don't you go home and go to bed? I know where to find you." He handed me one of his own cards. "If you remember anything more, anything at all, don't hesitate to drop in or leave me a message."
I nodded and pocketed the card and he showed me out. I nodded at Thaddeus as I passed but he ignored me.

Chapter 11
The persistent ringing of my office bell jarred me out of a sleep so deep I knew it was far too early for me to get up, so I just buried my head deeper in my pillow and waited for the noise to stop. When I first moved in pranksters sometimes came at all hours of the middle of the night and yanked on the rope, but they soon gave up when I never responded.
Somebody else started pounding on the back door of my apartment, the door that's accessible from the flight of stairs in the alley which, to be honest, is only marginally narrower than the street out front. I didn't have any idea who it might be so I was not at all inclined to get up and answer it, but neither the bell-ringer nor the door-pounder gave up.
A man at the back door shouted, "Open up. This is the police. If you don't open this door at once we'll break it down."
I didn't like the sound of that so I shouted, "I'm coming," rolled out of bed and stepped into a pair of pants on my way to the door. Apparently it really was the police and I wasn't quite fast enough, or they were a lot more serious than I thought they had any reason to be, because the latch broke and the door burst open, missed me by the length of my big toe, and slammed against the wall.
A burly, uniformed cop stumbled into the room, flanked by two others with drawn swords. "Don't move," said the cop in the middle.
Waving swords at me while I'm outnumbered, unarmed and half naked is an effective way to get me to cooperate. I didn't move.
"Are you Berk Halvorsen?"
"Yes I am, but you didn't need to break my door to find that out."
"You're under arrest. Please come quietly." One cop blocked the door while another began snooping around my apartment.
My head was still foggy from insufficient sleep but I could not think of anything I had done recently that I could be arrested for, which meant this had to be a mistake. "Don't I even get to know why I'm being arrested?"
"Like you don't know, you twisted son of a bitch. Or have you killed so many women you don't know which one we're arresting you for?"
That's when it hit me and I was so relieved I actually let out a nervous little laugh, which got me a whole round of hostile looks. "Hey, this is all a big mistake. I never killed any women."
"That's what they all say," said the burly cop, looking one hundred percent unconvinced, and totally unwilling to listen to anything I had to say. In fact, they all looked damned near ready to kill me on the slightest pretext. I tried to remember how many cases of police violence I had heard about recently.
The cop who was snooping said, "Hey, look at this." He picked up Belita's comb from where I had set it on my table last night and took a close look at it. "This isn't his style and these hairs aren't his. I'll bet they match the hair color of the victim."
The burly cop managed to keep one eye on me while he reached out to take the comb. "Yes, it's obviously his trophy from the kill."
"And look at this." He held up a small mortar and pestle. "This looks like magic paraphernalia to me."
"It sure does. Put him in chains and take him to the station." The two cops with swords approached me while the third one unhooked a set of manacles from his belt.
My best bet was to cooperate fully and hope they didn't decide to accidentally rough me up on the way to the police station, but it was too early, they were moving way too fast and I'd had enough. "Hey, back off," I said, with enough vehemence to stop them in their tracks. I took a deep breath and in a calm, reasonable voice I said, "This is all a mistake. Can I at least get dressed before we go?"
The burly cop nodded. "But be quick, and no tricks, or you could die real quick." His eyes never left me and the cops with swords blocked the doors. They all wore grim expressions, ready to jump on me the instant they thought I looked like I was starting to get out of line. I made no sudden movements as I put on a shirt and pulled on my socks and boots.
The burly cop approached me with the manacles.
"You don't need those," I said. "I didn't do anything and I won't run away. My lawyer will have this straightened out in no time."
The burly cop shifted one shoulder in what I took to be a shrug. "Maybe so, but it's policy. Are you going to cooperate or do we make you cooperate?"
Pushing my luck any more would not be to my advantage so I nodded and held out my arms and allowed myself to be chained. It is unpleasant and humiliating to be chained, but I would rather be chained than beaten and chained.
A police wagon, complete with barred cage, waited outside. Pale, uniform gray clouds covered the sky and the city seemed to be in a half-shadow, but at least the rain had stopped during the night, though the streets and building gleamed with moisture, making it a damp, chilly ride for me, a sharp contrast to the warm bed I'd been ousted from.
At the station I made sure I exercised my right to have a lawyer and had a message sent to Orfeo.
They ushered me into a small room with blank, gray walls, a wooden table, three chairs, and a door with one small window, about a foot square, but no handle on the inside. They left the manacles on, nobody came around to let me explain how this was all a mistake, and I was already cranky from missing breakfast, so I did some stretches and morning calisthenics to burn off some anger, but that only made me hungrier and thirsty to boot.
I knew they wanted me to be restless so I resisted the urge to pace, but I also knew they could burst in at any moment so I couldn't relax. I sat down and used the disciplines I'd learned at R.I.M. to calm myself.
Time passed. I was now calm but bored. Let them come whenever they chose; it would be an end to the boredom.
I wondered idly if I could charge Lucina for my time in here, but decided I probably wouldn't even if I could.
As much a mental exercise to prove I could still do it as a necessity in this situation, I focussed my mind and deliberately slowed down my metabolism, starting with my breathing and my heartbeat, then I slowed my mind, so it didn't seem to me that my heartbeat was slow. By slowing my subjective time I effectively sped up the world around me, so for every minute I could stay focused two or three minutes would pass, or more if I tried hard, but nothing moved or changed in the room so I had no way to gauge how successful I was.
After what felt like an hour to me I started to worry and I couldn't regain my focus, thinking that they might not have sent my message, that they were planning to let me sit here all day to soften me up for some serious questioning. Then the door opened and Orfeo entered, followed by a cop who stood by the open door.
 Orfeo, a junior member of the law firm of Delling, Hobart & Maslin, hurried over and enveloped my hand in his chubby fist, pumping my hand and patting me on the shoulder. "Berk, it's been far too long." Smarter, shorter and far heavier than me, for all his flab he had a strong grip. We had boarded together as students in Rome, although Orfeo had been studying at a law school next to the Roman Institute of Magic.
"Yes, it has. Too bad we have to meet in a place like this, where the decor is so unimaginative and depressing."
"I hear the catering sucks too."
"In that case, get me out of here, because I'm hungry."
"Already taken care of. You're not a suspect anymore. You'll be out on the street in half an hour or less, just as soon as you finish talking to Inspector Marco, and I made sure he's coming right away."
"Thanks for helping me out of this."
"Always glad to help a friend, but I've done all I can here and I have loads of work to do back at the office."
"Hey, I'd like to meet you for lunch and discuss some business."
"Today is your lucky day. I can squeeze you in, and then you can tell me all about that dead body you found." He suggested a restaurant and I agreed to meet him there at noon, then he pumped my hand again and hurried out.
A few minutes later a cop came in and took off my manacles, then escorted me to a small office with a desk remarkable for its lack of clutter. The man behind the desk stood up to shake my hand. He was my height and build but his hair was dark and there was none on the top of his head, and his neatly trimmed mustache and short beard were riddled with gray. "I'm Inspector Marco. Sorry about the misunderstanding. Take a seat."
I sat. "I thought Inspector Quintus was handling the case."
He stroked his gray mustache once with thumb and forefinger. "On the evening shift, yes, but the investigation on a case like this runs around the clock."
"So why am I here?"
One hand rubbed the top of his head. "Sergeant Thaddeus filed a report about a corpse being found last night, by you, which automatically makes you the first suspect. A team went out to investigate and recover it. The forensic magician took a reading and got a clear picture of you standing over the corpse. When he probed further all he got was dark fog, but he had enough to have you arrested."
"And judged by the arresting officers."
He maintained his composure but he only met my eyes for a fraction of a second. He hitched himself closer to his desk and leaned forward. "Ahem. We're sorry about that. It seems Sergeant Thaddeus neglected to forward Inspector Quintus's interview with you. I found it still on his desk this morning. I just finished reading it."
"I see." I didn't remember the report being all that long but I refrained from commenting. The dark fog the forensic magician saw was interference from the black magic so I could understand why he leaped to the wrong conclusion, but Thaddeus's little oversight, which had caused so much inconvenience for me, seemed to me like it might have been deliberate.
"Now that you have his report, is there anything more you need from me?" I was still angry but Marco was clearly not at fault, and in my line of work it's better to be on friendly terms with the police, so I just sighed and cooperated.
Inspector Marco asked me a few questions about some details that Quintus hadn't thought of, but they didn't amount to much. He became more interested in my business than in the case but I answered his questions politely, which was easy to do because he was a nice guy, and he was busy himself so he didn't keep me long. 

Chapter 12
During my incarceration the sun had burned off most of the cloud cover, leaving thin white patches getting torn apart by the wind, which made walking back to my office a far more pleasant experience than my ride to the police station.
As I unlocked the door to my office and prepared to push it open a woman's voice hailed me by name. I looked down the street and was relieved to see that her dress was black, not blue, and her hair was nearly as dark as her dress. I smiled and waited, watching as she hiked up thirty feet of inclined sidewalk to me. She saw where I was looking and leaned forward just a bit further, displaying even more of her cleavage, and putting a little extra emphasis into her hip movement. Or maybe it was just the effort of the climb.
I ate it up, wondering what she wanted with me. I was pretty sure I had never seen this woman before but somehow she looked vaguely familiar. As she neared I realized it was mostly her hair that reminded me of someone, though I couldn't remember who.
"Can I help you?" I asked.
"Allow me to introduce myself," she said. "I'm Silvina, your new landlady. I recently purchased these two buildings," she said, indicating the one we stood in front of and the one just below it.
They were anywhere from fifty to a hundred and fifty years old. The stucco, badly chipped at street level, was weathered to a pale, yellowish brown, slightly lighter on my building, and both buildings were streaked with gray from soot and rain.
They were three stories high, with apartments in the upper floors, while the street level had three storefronts, including my office, on Dirk Street, and another, larger store around the corner, facing Knife Avenue. Not prime real estate by any means, but I knew my building was structurally sound, in better shape than most of the buildings on the block, and only the apartment above mine was vacant right now, so the building must be bringing in money. It wouldn't make her rich but the combined income was nothing to sneeze at.
"Pleased to meet you," I said, briefly taking her hand in mine. Her slim fingers gave mine a firm squeeze and slowly released in a gesture she made sensual.
"The pleasure is mine," she replied, her intense, blue eyes looking me over from top to bottom and back up again. "I just hope you won't be a problem tenant."
"What do you mean?" I frowned slightly, wondering what she was getting at.
"Can you pay your rent from jail?" She arched her eyebrows at me.
I arched mine right back at her. "From jail?"
"Yes. In a news bulletin this morning I read about your arrest for a horrible murder."
I let out a nervous laugh of relief. "Oh that. It was all just a misunderstanding, a miscommunication between the shifts at the police station, and I got caught in the middle." She didn't look like she was ready to believe me yet so I explained further. "I found the corpse of young woman last night and reported it to the police just as night shift was ending. The midnight shift sent a Crime Scene Magician to the scene but he didn't read the report about me finding the corpse, so when he sensed my presence there he had a warrant issued for my arrest. Don't worry, it's all straightened out now. I'm in good with the police."
"Well that's a relief." Her laughter was musical but it ended quickly. "So what were you doing looking for a corpse?"
"It's what I do," I said, pointing at the sign on my window. "Actually I was hired to look for the young woman, but she was dead when I found her."
She looked down. "How horrible."
"Yeah, it was pretty bad. In fact, it was worse than anything I saw the whole time I was in the army, and I was in a couple of gruesome battles. There's a real sicko out there somewhere."
"What do you mean?"
Apparently the news bulletins had not printed the gory details, so I hesitated before telling her, but she was asking so I let her have it. "Her body was completely skinned, and the skin and hair were gone from the scene."
She put her hand to her mouth and turned away, her dark hair obscuring her face. "I'm sorry I asked."
"Yeah, I'd kind of like to forget it myself." The image of Belita being skinned and raped projected itself into my mind's eye. To wash that image out I stared up into the morning sky, bright blue and spotted with white clouds. I took a deep breath and brought my gaze down to her, a pleasant enough sight. "It's a few days early but I have next month's rent on me. Why don't you collect it now while you're here? Just in case I get put in jail again."
She laughed with me this time and agreed, so I pushed my door open and we stepped inside. While I counted out the money she casually said, "Who is going to pay for the door?"
It took me a couple of seconds to recall that the police had broken in the back door to my apartment upstairs. My first thought was to offer to pay for it myself, but she probably had more money that I did, so I suppressed that misplaced gallantry because, after all, I hadn't broken it. While she borrowed a pen and ink from my desk and wrote out a receipt for my rent I tried to think of a nice way to tell her to pay for the door herself, but then I thought of something better.
"It was the police who broke down the door, and it was a false arrest, so they should pay for it. It might help to see a lawyer to make sure you fill out all the right forms to make sure you're properly reimbursed."
"Yes, I believe I will do that. Thanks for the tip. I'll send a carpenter to fix it today." She handed me the receipt, then excused herself and left.
I went upstairs to see if I had any furniture left and was relieved to find everything as I had left it. Although the latch was demolished the door remained intact, and since it had always stuck a bit on the top corner it stayed closed, so nobody could tell from outside that it wasn't locked. I didn't have much worth stealing but it was more than some people had, and I didn't want to lose any of it.
I grabbed some bread and cheese for breakfast, then went down and sat at my desk, thinking about last night while I chewed. I hadn't been attacked while I was at the Minotaur's mansion or in the labyrinth, and I hadn't heard or seen anything, but when I was coming out I had sure felt like I was being watched. I would have felt more comfortable with a better weapon but the only legal weapon I had with a longer reach than my knife was an oak cudgel with a lead weight in one end. I decided I should be carrying it when I went out at night, even if it was rather awkward. And, being a magician, I had a few other tricks available, but they took time to prepare.

Chapter 13
After breakfast I sat at my desk and reviewed my notes from the previous day and thought about potential leads in Aldwin Nahasa's disappearance. Cal certainly knew more than he was willing to tell, but he was so hostile I considered him a dead end at this point. The butler knew something but his disapproval of me was clear.
It might help if I could find the replacement driver, Aldwin's missing servant, or Aldwin's double, but I didn't know enough about any of them for my talent to locate them, and there was no guarantee they knew anything useful, or would impart it to me if they did. My best bet seemed to be the cab Aldwin and the woman had taken from Gray's Roadhouse. The cab company would have a record of where it went, and they might tell me, but that was another long shot.
The outer door of my office opened and a vision of beauty floated across the room, wearing a clinging, dark blue, silk dress, her long blonde hair floating around her head just as I had seen it yesterday, moments before my mother arrived. I blinked twice, then looked away and back, but she was still there and she still looked the same, and she looked familiar now.
She said, "Hi, I'm..."
"Aldwin's mistress," I blurted out as soon as I recognized her as the woman who had ridden often in Aldwin's coach.
Her lips moved but no words came out.
"I'm sorry," I said as I jumped to my feet and rushed to help her into a chair. "That was terribly rude but you surprised me." I poured her a glass of water and she took a drink.
"Thank you. You're right, it was rude, but it is true and it does save me a lot of embarrassing conversation while trying to guess how much you know."
I shrugged and let her have it all. "You rode in Aldwin's coach and met him sometimes at Gray's Roadhouse. I knew he hadn't slept with his wife for a long time so I assumed you were his mistress up to the time he disappeared. My immediate hope on recognizing you was that you could shed some light on that disappearance. You can start with your name."
She gave a weak smile. "Almina."
"Almina. What a lovely name." I took her proffered hand and touched it lightly to my lips. "You're a dancer."
Her smile was stronger now. "How did you know?"
"Magic." I gave her a reassuring smile and sat in my chair. "Now what brings you here? I assume it has something to do with Aldwin Nahasa."
She nodded. "When he disappeared I was certain that bitch Carina had done away with him for the inheritance, but I began to have doubts when I heard she'd hired you to look for him."
"That didn't take long. How did you find out?"
"The butler told me."
"So he knew about you and Aldwin," I mused. "I suspect he knows quite a lot about Aldwin's disappearance too."
"I wouldn't doubt that, he is a sly one. But what convinced me that Aldwin was still alive was this." She pulled a large ring off her thumb and held it out to me, but I didn't take it.
"Why would that ring make you think Aldwin is still alive?"
"It's a ring I bought for him a couple of years ago. Nobody knew where he got it, so why would anybody else ever think to send it to me?"
I thought about that for a few seconds, then said, "Good point." I reached out and took the ring. It was heavy gold, mounted with a polished, oval-shaped opal, tasteful but not overly expensive, the kind of thing a man could buy for himself. The impression I got was that Aldwin had worn it for a long time, but not recently. Maybe up to the time of his disappearance? It offered no hint of his present location. "How did you get this?"
"It was delivered to me last night by a street kid."
"Anybody you know?"
She shook her head. "I don't know him, but I have seen him around a few times."
"Can you help me find him? Whoever gave him the ring must know where Aldwin is." I wasn't certain of that but I had to admit it was convenient of Almina to walk in when she did, saving me a lot of unproductive legwork. Was it just coincidence that brought her here, or was it some obscure aspect of my talent for finding things that had sent her to me?
Almina nodded, hope and excitement showing in her eyes. "I have a few hours to spare right now."
"Great." I held the ring up to the light. "Can I hang on to this for a while? I promise I'll give it back to you when I'm done."
She hesitated for a few seconds before saying, "Yes," but she didn't sound very sure.
I slipped the ring into my pocket before she changed her mind. "Come on then, let's get going."
#   #   #
She headed west, into the heart of Old City, then wandered north, taking me up to the edge of the commercial district, where lower class stores serve the nearby slums. We wandered up and down short, steep streets and around a few small blocks before she pointed out a skinny, grubby youth leaning against a wall across the street.
"Wait here," I told Almina.
I crossed the street out of the youth's line of sight and approached him without looking at him, but he eyed me suspiciously as I drew near, wondering what kind of threat I represented. "Hi there," I called to him when I was still eight or ten feet away. "How would you like to earn a few talents?"
That got his interest and he no longer appeared ready to bolt, but he remained wary and I didn't try to get too close. He looked me up and down and decided I might have something to offer. "What do I gotta do?" With one finger he scooped some of the greasy brown hair hanging down in front of his face and hooked it behind an ear.
I slipped a twenty talent banknote out of my pocket and held it where the kid could see it. "Last night you delivered a package to the dancer Almina."
"Yeah. What of it?" His voice was contemptuous but his eyes were glued to the money.
"I need to know who sent it."
The kid looked down at the ground and shuffled his feet. "I can't tell you that. She paid me not to tell anybody anything."
"Oh? How much did she pay you?" He didn't realize how much he had just told me. I moved a bit closer, extended the money a little more. He didn't answer and he kept his head down, but I could see him eyeing the money. I added another five.
The kid cast a furtive glance up and down the street then snagged the money. "Not that much." It vanished into a pocket.
"So talk to me. What's your name?"
"Uh, Chad."
"Alright Chad, can you tell me who sent that package?"
He shook his head back and forth three or four times. "A woman I never saw before just came up to me yesterday and asked me if I wanted to earn a few talents. I said, yeah, so she gave me the package, told me where to take it and who to give it to. I took her money and did what she said."
"What time was that?"
"Just before dark."
"What did she look like?"
For a few seconds Chad rubbed a dirty finger on a pimple emerging from the side of his nose. "Well, she was wearing a hooded cloak because it was raining, but it came open a bit while she was talking to me and underneath it she was wearing a shiny gown that looked white except her skin was whiter, like she never got out in the sun." His voice changed. "She almost seemed to glow." He dropped his gaze again and scuffed his worn sandal on the paving stones. "She looked like some kind of priestess."
"That's very interesting. What color was her hair."
Chad shrugged. "With her hood on I couldn't tell, exactly, but it was a dark color."
"Could you tell how old she was?"
"Oh yeah, she was young, maybe a couple of years older than me. Pretty too, except for her nose."
"Her nose? What was wrong with her nose?"
"Nothing, really, it just seemed to be," he struggled to put the concept into words, "like, just a bit too long."
I nodded. Aldwin had a long nose, and so did Cal. Could she be some kind of relative, possibly illegitimate offspring? "Can you take me to her?"
The kid shuffled his feet and shook his head. "After she paid me she disappeared."
No surprise there, but I wasn't finished yet. "Can you take me to the place where you met her?"
Chad brightened. "Sure, it's not far from here." I caught Almina's eye across the street and she followed at a distance while Chad led us a couple of blocks up the street to a public bench under a tree. He pointed at the west end of the bench and said, "I was sitting right there."
I sat where he pointed and made myself comfortable, pulled out the ring and held it, going into a light trance, concentrating on the time and people I was interested in, opening myself to get an impression from this spot without letting in the chaos that swirled around on every busy city street.
The heat of the late-morning sunshine beat down on me but  I saw a woman in a dark cloak standing in front of me in fading twilight and light rain. Sitting in Chad's place it was like I reached up and took a small package from her. The hood left her face in shadow but when she turned away the front of her cloak opened a bit at the bottom and I caught a glimpse of her dress, a strange material that I would say had more of a glow, or even a shimmer, than the shine Chad had mentioned.
Within half a dozen spaces the woman vanished into the crowd and all I could tell was the initial direction she had taken, everything else being lost in the chaos generated by the traffic that had gone by since. Maybe later, in the evening, when there was less active interference, I would bring some magical paraphernalia and try again.
But now it was almost noon so I thanked Chad, dismissed him, and rejoined Almina. I filled her in on the disappointing results and got her address in case I needed to contact her, then hurried to make my meeting with Orfeo.

Chapter 14
I thought I was running a little late, but so was Orfeo, who I met outside the restaurant. Judging by the way he was puffing in the spring heat I was in better shape for running than he was, and he wasn't even actually running. "I'm glad you could make it," I said as we went from hot, bright sun to the cool, dim comfort inside. "Are you keeping busy?"
Orfeo's eyes rolled back. "Are you kidding? I'm the junior member. I'm lucky if I get a few hours off every couple of days to eat and sleep."
We found our way to a table and sat down. "I guess I'm lucky you squeezed me into your schedule. Doesn't it help that Maslin is your uncle?"
"Apparently not. But I squeezed you in so you could tell me how you ended up in jail."
I tossed one of my new cards onto the white tablecloth.
Orfeo read it in a glance. "Oh. So now you find people too, not just trinkets." He chuckled.
"Hey, I was well paid for finding those trinkets."
Just then the waitress showed up with a couple of glasses of cold water. She took our orders and when she was gone Orfeo said, "So how do you get from searching for trinkets to being arrested for murder?"
"It's not such a stretch," I said, then gave him a brief account of Belita's story from her mother's arrival until I reported the location of her body to the police. "The rest you know. But I had another interesting case come in a bit earlier, a rich woman who wants me to find her husband."
"Nice. So where was he?"
"I haven't found him yet."
Orfeo feigned shock. "You're slipping. None of your previous cases took more than four hours."
I sighed. "Yeah, but this one is a lot tougher. The trail is cold, my leads are pretty thin and the trail keeps getting longer. And it may be the start of a trend."
His thick, black eyebrows went up. "How so?"
"There's another missing girl I was hired to find but I have  nothing to go on, nowhere to start."
"A rich girl? I haven't heard of any going missing."
"No, a poor girl. Her mother only paid me for an hour."
"So work on the case for an hour and tell her you've done all you can."
I frowned, trying to work out my feelings. "I can't do that. She deserves to know where her daughter is and no one else is looking."
Orfeo sat back and waved his hand at nothing in particular. "Well, it's your time."
"Yeah, but it's not just about the money. It bothers me that I can't get any impression about where she is, and I would really like to find out why." I took a drink of water. "But that's not why I'm here." I told him about my mother's necklace, how I knew where it was but didn't know how to get it.
He laughed and said, "That's easy. First your mother has to report the necklace stolen, which she should have done already."
"I didn't tell her it was stolen."
"Why not?"
I shrugged one shoulder and remained silent.
The silence stretched until Orfeo felt compelled to fill it. "When she reports it stolen and you tell them where it is, a search warrant can be issued and you can use your police contacts to go along and get it."
"Sounds easy enough, except I don't really have any police contacts."
"Sure you do. Talk to Inspector Marco, he's a good guy." Orfeo helped me formulate a version of the story that would get the warrant issued without relying too heavily on the testimony of my talent. It was handy to know somebody who understood the ins and outs of our convoluted modern legal system.
I brought him up to date on the Nahasa case, finishing with my lack of success tracking the woman who had sent the ring.
Orfeo sat back and put his hands across his ample stomach. "I might be able to help you there."
"How so?"
"This is just a guess, and I could be totally wrong, but from the description of the woman's dress I think she might be a priestess of the Temple of Hermia."
Agrippina contains dozens of religions and cults. "I've never heard of that one."
"Most people haven't." He leaned forward and lowered his voice. "They're some kind of women's cult that's been around for hundreds of years, but they don't have very many members and they keep a low profile. They appear to be quite wealthy and they seem to have a good deal of pull. We handled a small case for them recently, something about rights for women, I recall. Thing is, their temple is not far from where the kid got the ring."
"Thanks, you're a fountain of knowledge. I'll check it out after lunch."
"I prefer to be called a treasure trove of information."
The food arrived then and Orfeo immediately launched an assault on his plate of noodles in butter sauce while I chewed into my pita bread full of roast beef and chicken meat and vegetables at a more civilized pace. The army had taught me how to eat fast but I preferred to take my time and chew my food thoroughly. When Orfeo slowed down a bit I said, "I know you're really busy but I need a lawyer to look up some government records for me."
Orfeo wiped his mouth with a napkin while he caught his breath,  "A law student with a letter from a lawyer can get in just as well as a lawyer for that. When I was a student I earned lots of extra money that way."
"Great. Can you hire one for me?"
Orfeo nodded. "What do you need?" He resumed eating.
I took out the piece of paper Zena had given me last night and put it on the table in front of him. "Find out everything you can about this company, and see if you can find anything unusual about Nahasa Furniture in the past few years."
Orfeo unfolded the paper with one hand and looked at it. "I know a couple of students I can hire to get right on it. When do you want it?"
"Tomorrow morning would be nice, but it's not really all that urgent. Just send me the bill."
Orfeo grinned. "You can count on that." After concentrating on eating for a while Orfeo took on a thoughtful expression and looked at me. "You know, if you were a law student you could get in to look at government records yourself and I'm pretty sure you'd find things."
I looked at him like he was crazy. "I don't want to be  lawyer."
He suppressed a smile. "I know that. You don't need to be a lawyer, just a law student, and to be a law student you only have to be enrolled in one class." He leaned forward as much as his stomach would allow so I leaned closer. "And to be honest, you wouldn't even have to attend the class all the time."
"Well, I have to admit the idea has some merit, if not a great deal of appeal. I'll look into it. Thanks for the tip."
#   #   #
After lunch I caught a cab to my mother's place.
"You're late for lunch again," she greeted me when I walked into her dining room, where her maid had directed me. "And there's no pie left today."
"That's too bad." I pulled out a wooden chair and sat down across the table from her. "I had an important meeting at lunch regarding your necklace."
"Wonderful." Her hand touched her chest, where the pendant would hang. "I want to wear it when I go out with Orfidius tonight."
I smiled when I thought about Orfidius's reaction to her wearing the necklace he had stolen from her. "I'm afraid that's not possible because I don't have it yet, and I can't get it back to you tonight."
"So why did you come here?"
"To tell you that before your necklace can be recovered you have to go to the police station right away to report it stolen, so a warrant can be issued. Then a team of police will go and get it."
"Is that all I have to do? Well let's go then."
So I accompanied her down to the police station and helped her fill out all the forms. While we were in the thick of that I saw Inspector Marco across the room. He caught my eye and nodded, and a few minutes later he showed up at the counter.
"What brings you in here today, Berk? Did you find another dead body?"
I cracked a hint of a smile and shook my head. "Not yet. I'm helping a client retrieve a piece of stolen property."
His eyes shifted to my mother and brightened, and his smile got wider. "And who is your lovely client?"
"My mother, Vera Halvorsen. Inspector Marco." He took her hand and she let him keep it just a bit too long, I thought. To keep her from flirting anymore I started telling him about her necklace, skipping a few parts and ending with where I had traced it to.
"The Lion of the Sea, you say?"
I nodded.
He rubbed his chin. "We've suspected her captain of smuggling for a few years now, but never managed to get anything on him. You're certain the necklace is in his cabin?"
I nodded again. "Unless he moved it, but I gave him no reason to suspect anything. Over the years I've developed an affinity for that necklace, so if it's anywhere on the ship I'll find it."
He relaxed and nodded. "That's good." He turned and spoke briefly to the officer processing our paperwork, then said to us, "Wait here." He disappeared into an office for a few minutes and came out to report, "It's all set up for tomorrow, right around this time. I'll deputize you for the afternoon so you can come along."
"That's great." Maybe Orfeo was right about my police contacts. "Thanks a lot, I'll see you then." He disappeared into the innards of the police station while my mother and I finished the paperwork.

Chapter 15
The afternoon was still young so I set out to find the Temple of Hermia. Orfeo could only tell me that it was somewhere in Old City a few blocks from Rome Street, but that left a fair bit of territory to cover. I slipped the ring on but it didn't help. Almina hadn't had it long enough and Aldwin had gone somewhere or done something so that my talent didn't work on him.
I started at the bench where Chad had received the package from the cloaked woman and headed east, assuming the priestess, if such she was, had been smart enough not to head straight home, and began asking people on the street about the Temple of Hermia. I got lots of blank faces and shrugged shoulders, and a few strange looks from people who apparently thought I shouldn't want to be going there. Finally a rather homely young woman in an expensive dress was kind enough to direct me to it.
Following her directions I walked north half a block, then turned west and there it was, fifty yards away, standing on a small rise across the street. A wide flight of white marble steps led up to the columned, rectangular porch attached to the square front part of the temple. The main part of the Temple Of Hermia was a taller, cylindrical building, faced with clean, white marble, and topped with a domed roof. A rectangular wing with a gently sloping, peaked roof of red clay tiles extended from each side. Walking around the block I discovered that the back was a walled courtyard, serviced by a locked gate of heavy timbers.
Returning to the street in front of the temple I found a public bench under a tree where I could lounge around inconspicuously while watching the entrance. Between the columns of the porch I could see a pair of heavy wooden doors that stood open.
Traffic on both sides of the street was steady but not too heavy, with a lot of people patronizing the nearby stores. Women in distinctive, shimmering white gowns, evidently priestesses, came and went from the temple.
A gray-haired woman, moving with stately poise in a gown far more elaborate than the others, caught my eye and I watched her get into a coach and ride away. Her familiarity kept nagging at me until I remembered seeing her in my vision as she accompanied the disguised Aldwin out of Gray's Roadhouse. If Aldwin wasn't in that Temple I was willing to bet the gray-haired woman knew something about what had happened to him, and she would be back.
I tried to get an impression from the ring but again it proved useless.
As I considered possible schemes for gaining entry another hour dragged by and the shade crept away from my bench until I was fully exposed to the sun. I got thirsty and my bladder began sending me a gentle but urgent message so I vacated my post to urinate in a nearby alley that smelled like I wasn't the first to do so, then resumed my surveillance from a different spot.
Traffic into the temple began to increase so I assumed some sort of service was due to begin soon. Most were women, of all ages, in the colorful garb of regular citizens. None of them looked poor and some appeared to be quite wealthy. Most of the women arrived alone or in small groups, but some were accompanied by a man, and there were even a few unattached men.
I crossed the street and strolled slowly down the sidewalk, timing my arrival so I could tag along with a group of men and women entering the temple. I found myself in a vestibule, cool and dim after the bright sunlight outside. I felt a subtle urge emanate from the ring so, without hesitating to think about it, I split from the group and went through a partially open door to my right.
I climbed a stone staircase that curved gently, along the outer wall, to the second floor. A curved passage led me to another door that let me into one of the wings. I touched the doorframe and got an impression of a constant flow of women in white gowns going back and forth through here. It could be the dormitory.
Two women came out of a room twenty feet in front of me, engrossed in a discussion of an obscure theological point. I stepped aside against the wall and they walked right past without giving me a second look. Apparently men were allowed up here.
I concentrated on the ring and got the impression it had been hidden nearby, without being disturbed, for at least a couple of weeks. I went through the door and walked slowly down the corridor, trying to find the door where the ring made the deepest impression.
"Can I help you?"
I jumped guiltily. A woman in a white gown had approached me silently from behind. I slipped the ring off my finger and showed it to her. "I'm trying to return this ring but I'm not sure which room."
The woman examined the ring with narrowed eyes. "I saw that ring just the other day. You want Adeela, around the corner, second door on your right."
"Thank you." I watched her walk away, wondering if her appearance had been luck, coincidence, or some unusual aspect of my talent.
I went to the indicated door and knocked gently. It opened to reveal a pale, young woman who looked me over from head to foot with a disdainful glance, but it seemed to me that her eyes stuck for half a second too long on the ring I held in my hand. "May I help you?" Her voice was smooth, perfectly controlled.
For a couple of seconds I was unsure what to do. Even if this was the woman who had given the ring to Chad I still had to find out how she had come to possess it, and hope the trail led me to Aldwin. I opted to stir things up. "Are you Adeela?"
She nodded, her expression neutral.
"I understand you paid a kid to deliver a package for you last night."
She looked down at the ring and her eyes stuck to it longer this time, her face hardening slightly, becoming less than pretty, and that's when I remembered Chad mentioning the size of her nose, but it wasn't so prominent you'd notice it right away and she had a presence such that no man would be ashamed to walk down the street with her at his side. She allowed a tentative, "Yes."
"I'm afraid this ring has been identified as stolen," I lied. "If you can clarify how and where you got it, perhaps prosecution can be avoided." I smiled with my lips pressed together.
Anger flared in her eyes but it quickly died, except for a dangerous spark still lingering in their depths as she spread a smile across her face, tucking a lock of dark brown hair behind her ear, but it was too short to stay there, considerably shorter than the current fashion,. "Almina sent you didn't she?"
I returned her smile with a real one this time. "Yes, she did. How did you know?"
She opened the door wide and stepped aside. "Please come in and I'll tell you everything you need to know."
This is too easy, I thought as I cautiously entered the small chamber. The air felt pleasantly cool, but indirect daylight coming in through a small window in the far wall highlighted the youthful curves under the shimmering, pearly white gown and I felt a rush of warmth.
"Have a seat." Furniture consisted of a single bed on one side and a small wooden table with two chairs under the window. Adeela gestured to one. 
I sat. This wasn't the way I had expected this interview to go but I wasn't complaining yet.
"Care for a drink of wine?" She was already getting a pair of glasses from a small cupboard beside the door.
"Please," I said, quite thirsty from my stakeout.
She set the glasses in the middle of the table, poured the wine, then gestured for me to help myself to a glass. I took the one on the left and sipped, finding it crisp and refreshing, an excellent vintage, though I couldn't identify it.
Adeela sat and sipped at her own wine, her sharp eyes watching me. I took a larger drink, then another, setting the nearly empty glass back on the table, but I found myself unsure how to proceed, so I picked up my glass of wine and finished it off. As I set the empty glass on the table a delicious warmth spread from my stomach and I felt my head expand slightly and the light got brighter.
Adeela sipped her wine and licked her lips and I felt a sudden, powerful desire to kiss those shiny red lips, to taste them, to feel them crushed against my own. I stared at her tongue as she licked her lips again, slowly, deliberately. Fascinated, I watched her lips move as she spoke, making every word distinct, "That ring was never stolen. Give it back to Almina. I want her to have it, that's why I sent it to her. Make sure she gets it."
"Yes, I will do that." It was easy to agree but my tongue felt thick and I had difficulty making words and it was hard to think too, but I knew I wanted Almina to have the ring. I tried to get up but my legs didn't cooperate.
"Don't go yet," Adeela said, rising to stand in front of me. "I haven't had my fun yet." Leaning down she planted a passionate kiss on my lips.
My desire for her flared out of control and I reached up to grab her around the waist to pull her close but my limbs were slow to respond and she slipped from my grasp. She stood back a few steps and her hands did something to her gown that made it slide down her youthful body in a most enticing way, revealing her breasts, erect nipples, a flat stomach, her pubic bush and her long legs as it gathered into a shimmering pile at her feet.
Maddened by lust and desire I launched myself at her but she grabbed my left arm, stepped aside, spun me around and pushed me. Totally disoriented, I fell, but only as far as the bed, landing flat on my back, and before I could move she jumped onto the bed,  straddling me, her strong hips gripping my legs, her youthful breasts swaying in front of my face.
#   #   #
I reached up with both hands to grab my aching head. My stomach made ominous sounds, my mouth tasted like powdered shit and I was walking in the dark down an unknown street. Too much partying again, I thought. I better get back to the dormitory. I wonder who I was with; she sure wore me out.
After walking a couple of blocks the night air cleared my head somewhat and I remembered that I was in Agrippina, not Rome, and I wasn't a student anymore. I came to a cross street I recognized and soon I was on familiar ground. I had been going in the right direction and I was already halfway home. The exercise and fresh air revived me a bit more but my head still felt like it was full of mud and I felt drained.
When I got home I fell onto my bed fully clothed, pulled a blanket over myself and sank into slumber.

Chapter 16
The next morning I woke up ravenously hungry and downed a hearty breakfast twice my usual size. After I appeased my hunger I felt so tired I wanted to crawl back into bed but the sunlight shining through my front window at a steep angle indicated that it was only a couple of hours till noon.
I went down to my office, where a message had been dropped through the mail slot in my door. It was from Orfeo, requesting to see me first thing in the morning. It was too late for that but I headed out right away.
Because I was tired but in a hurry I grabbed a cab. During the ride I tried to reconstruct the previous night but the pieces kept slipping out of place. I clearly remembered drinking and dancing with a pretty woman, and I vaguely recalled something about a ship, the police, my mother, and a woman in a white dress, all together but disconnected, like in a dream, or distant memories from different times.
A receptionist ushered me into Orfeo's cramped little office. I sank onto a straight-backed, wooden chair beside a seven-foot high fig tree in a terra cotta pot jammed in the corner behind a bookshelf.
"Good morning, lazy bones," he greeted me. "What were you up to last night? I thought you had a couple of cases to work on. Or did you give up on them?"
I scratched my head, thinking hard, trying to keep up with his banter. "I must have been out drinking pretty late last night."
"Don't remember, hey? That's usually a bad sign. How's your head?"
I shrugged. "I'm a bit tired but my head feels fine. It's just my memory that's foggy."
"You do remember saying you would pay me, don't you?"
For a second or two I didn't have a clue what he was talking about, but then it came back to me. We'd eaten lunch together yesterday. Orfeo's nudge had restored my memory of our meeting. "I told you to send me the bill. I didn't say I would pay it."
"If you don't pay I'll have to sue you."
We both laughed and then I asked, "What did you dig up for me?"
Orfeo looked all over his desk, then started shuffling papers.
"By your left elbow," I said.
He looked there and found the sheets he wanted. "Here it is. Apparently the Good Fortune Company was nothing but a name and an office. They were listed as a consulting firm but there is no indication that anyone other than Nahasa Furniture ever consulted them, which is strange when you consider that the Good Fortune Company was owned by Aldwin Nahasa."
I raised an eyebrow and Orfeo continued.
"The interesting thing is that it was dissolved about three months ago, after all its assets were liquidated and drained off. It looks to me like Zena called it right. Aldwin evidently planned his disappearance as much as two years ago, when he started siphoning large amounts of cash out of his furniture company to set himself up wherever he went."
I nodded in agreement and approval. "Anything else?"
"A large chunk of Nahasa Furniture stock was sold last year. The Good Fortune Company handled the sale. Guess who bought it?"
My mind wasn't very sharp this morning so the silence stretched.
"None other than the son, Cal."
I frowned. "Does that make any sense?"
Orfeo shrugged. "They must have done it that way to keep the transaction from being too obvious. The paper trail is there to see, if you know where to look and do a bit of digging, but they didn't break any laws, so who is going to complain? Aldwin got a pile of cash that can't be traced past the Good Fortune Company and Cal gained control of the furniture company."
"That could all be true but it doesn't help me find Aldwin."
"There is one more thing." I looked at him without much hope. "We checked Aldwin's income tax file."
My eyebrows went up. "You can do that?"
Orfeo winked. "Only parts of it, and only if you're very careful."
"What did you find?"
He shuffled a different page to the top. "Over the past two years Aldwin made a lot of donations to religious institutions, most notably a series of substantial donations to the Temple Of Hermia."
"Hermia? Why does that name sound familiar?"
Orfeo looked at me through narrowed eyes. "Yesterday, after lunch, you were going to check out their temple, trying to figure out where that ring came from."
"The ring." I raised my hand and saw a ring on my finger, which I had completely forgotten about, but now a sense of urgency filled me and I started to get up. "I have to get this back to Almina."
"That can wait," Orfeo said, raising his hand, signaling me to stop. As I relaxed back into my chair his eyes narrowed and he took a long, close look at me. "So Berk, what did you do after lunch yesterday?"
I didn't know what he was getting at but I searched through a mental haze and found some memories. "I was on a ship, and then I had a date. A dinner date. And then we went dancing." I rubbed at my temples, trying to squeeze out another memory.
Orfeo was shaking his head slowly from side to side. "I have bad news for you buddy. That was the night before." His chair creaked as he leaned his bulk onto his desk. "Do you remember being arrested?"
"No." But as soon as I said it I amended my answer because his mention of it had brought the memory back. "Wait a second, I do now."
"Anything else?"
I still didn't know what he was getting at so I sort of shrugged and shook my head at the same time.
"Do you remember finding a dead body?"
I started to say no, but said, "I do now."
He kept nodding. "Somebody has been messing with your mind."
That shook me but my head cleared a bit and my gaze was steady when I met his eyes. "I think you're right, I do seem to be missing some memories. I better get that fixed."
"Right away, I think. Do you need any help?"
I shook my head and stood up. "This isn't your field. I studied drugs and poisons in school. It's been a few years now but with a good reference book I'm pretty sure I can handle this, and then I think I'll be paying another visit to the Temple of Hermia. Thanks for all your help and don't forget to send me that bill."
"Remember to pay it."
#   #   #
Out on the street I felt like immediately finding Almina to give her the ring but I had more important things to do so I fought off that compulsion. Even though it wasn't far to walk I felt compelled to hurry so I caught another cab to the local University campus. They teach a few first year magic courses and related subjects so their library contains a selection of basic magic books and common reference works. Access is restricted but I showed my Magician's License and they admitted me.
I located the section on drugs and poisons and found the book I needed. Turning to the part on symptoms I looked up intense sexual arousal, post-hypnotic suggestion, and memory loss, with mild after effects. I found quite a few possibilities for each symptom, but I narrowed my lists down to those which were relatively tasteless, could be administered in wine, and acted fast, then eliminated the drugs that were only on one list.
One drug was on all of the lists. Rare, extremely expensive, and incredibly difficult to make, it worked only on men and the victim seldom realized he had been drugged. Fortunately the memory loss was easy to overcome if the antidote was administered within twenty-four hours, so I wrote down the recipe and hurried to the nearest pharmacy.
I had to show my magician's license before I could purchase some of the ingredients and none of them were cheap. I'm glad they were at Carina's expense.
Cooking up the antidote in my kitchen stank up my whole apartment, my office, and probably the apartment upstairs as well, and left me with one pot I would never be able to use again. I choked down a large dose of the thick, foul-tasting liquid. It stuck to my teeth, coated my tongue, clogged my throat, upset my stomach, and gave me chills. The recipe said these symptoms would last two or three hours but I didn't have that much time to waste so I lay down on my bed with my head propped up on some pillows and used a trick I had learned in school, the opposite of what I'd done in that room in the police station.
I started by entering into a light trance, breathing faster and faster, then concentrated to increase my heart rate by will power. To help me concentrate I recited a mantra in my head, over and over, faster and faster, then accessed some magic and sped up the rate of my metabolism. It's not a difficult technique but it's not without risk so I kept at it only until I had increased the rate of metabolism in my body by a factor of just about three, which should be fairly safe.
From my position on the bed I could see the sunlight shining through my bedroom window onto the wall and watch the angle change. The shadow line crept slower and slower across the wall but time still passed the same for me. After about an hour of subjective time my stomach was cramping and I felt like I was immersed in ice water but the fog was drifting away from my memories, so I persevered. I recalled everything Orfeo had mentioned, the visit from my new landlady, the arrival of Aldwin's mistress Almina, finding Chad, talking to my mother, even my stakeout of the temple, but I still didn't remember anything that happened after I went inside.
After another subjective hour of meditation and concentration my memories of the previous evening returned with full clarity, and I put them all in order. The wine had been drugged in the bottle. Adeela drank her wine so I wouldn't be suspicious, distracting me with her sex appeal until I finished my wine, after which I became too wasted to care.
The sex, fueled by the drug, had been hot, passionate and prolonged. Before we started she had been a virgin, but that didn't mean she didn't know what to do. In fact, she knew exactly what to do. All in all it had been a delightful experience, and I was glad to have the memory back, but it wasn't nearly as good as being there, and didn't help with the case.
Before I was overcome by the drug Adeela had told me the ring was never stolen, and she stated clearly that she wanted Almina to have it back. That explained why I had the constant urge to deliver the ring, but why did Adeela want Almina to have it? And what was it about Adeela's nose? It was familiar somehow, but where had I seen it before?
Then it hit me like a deluge of water from a bucket. I had touched Adeela last night, but at the time I had been so sexually excited I hadn't paid any attention to the underlying impression I got. Then of course the drug had completely wiped out the memory until now.
My stomach was no longer cramping or churning and my chill had broken like a reverse fever, but I still felt queasy whenever I thought about my night with Adeela. I reduced the rate of my breathing, brought my metabolism to normal and came out of my trance.
It was time to face Adeela again, but this time I would be more prepared. I had some very interesting questions for her.

Chapter 17
I was already heading up the street from my office when Carina's coach pulled up and stopped beside me. Her face appeared at the window. "I'm so glad I caught you here," she said, but she wasn't smiling. I leaned against the carriage to hear her better, and to shade my eyes from the sun. She started to pull her gloves off, one finger at a time, and said. "Aldwin's body was found last night. The police called me in this morning to identify him."
I stood up straight. Just when I thought I had it figured this went and changed everything. "Aldwin's body? That can't be. Where?"
"In the wilderness between here and the Hot Springs. Apparently he was beset by bandits who dragged him into the woods and beat him to death." Her hands crumpled the gloves into a ball and she sobbed.
I massaged my temples with the heels of my hands. It just didn't add up. My recent certainty melted away and my mind threatened to spin out of control. I tried to think but all I could come up with was, "Are you sure it was him?"
"I told the police it looked like him, but he was horribly disfigured and decayed."
"So how did the police figure out that it was your husband?"
"From his identity papers, a few pieces of jewelry, and a small tattoo on his left shoulder."
I shook my head, not so much in denial as just trying to think it through. It smelled like a setup to me. "It doesn't make sense. Why would robbers leave jewelry on somebody they had just killed? I better take a look at the body myself."
"Why would you want to do that? Your job is finished, the case is over."
"The police may think that, but I'm not so sure yet." I called up to the driver, "Take me to the police station." Carina didn't cancel my order so I climbed in and he drove off. Carina was curious but I refused to divulge anything until after I had examined the body. I wanted to be absolutely sure of what I suspected before I said anything about it to her.
At the police station Carina waited upstairs while a cop escorted me down to the morgue, in a cold, dank basement that smelled of decay.
The face had been beaten beyond recognition and most of the remaining body parts were bruised and battered, and it was all decayed, but not as much as I thought it should be for the length of time it had been out there.
I shuddered, then steeled my nerves; this wouldn't be half as bad as touching Belita's body. I opened myself to impressions and lightly, briefly touched the hand of the corpse. It was enough. I caught a glimpse of the way the man looked in life and he most certainly was not Aldwin Nahasa. Magic, as well as brutality, had altered the corpse to resemble Aldwin. Who he was or where he came from I couldn't tell from my brief touch, but I could tell that he had died a natural death and all the alterations had been done posthumously.
Back upstairs I took Carina aside and told her that, no matter what the police thought, the corpse was absolutely not her husband. She heaved out a long sigh of relief, then sucked in some air and looked at me. "But if that's not him, where is he? Have you found him?"
"Well, not exactly. It's hard to explain. In fact, I'm not even sure I quite believe it myself." Carina's brow furrowed and she looked askance at me. I couldn't blame her for being confused. "Let me take you to somebody who can explain this better than me." I could use some explanations myself and I was curious to hear what Adeela had to say.
Carina shook her head once as if to clear it, then said, "Yes, take me there."
We were just starting for the exit when I heard my name called and turned to see Inspector Marco waving me to come over. I excused myself and we met halfway. He said, "I'm sure glad I saw you there. I want you to come along when we arrest the captain of The Lion Of The Sea. I know it's a bit earlier than I said but the warrant is all in order and the team is assembling. In fifteen minutes our only holdup would have been finding you."
I slapped my forehead. Until he spoke I had totally forgotten about that because when I took the antidote I had been concentrating on remembering my encounter at the Temple Of Hermia. "I'm sorry, I fell victim to a drug-induced memory lapse. I'll be right with you. Excuse me for a minute."
I left him with a confused look on his face and went back to Carina to tell her I had a prior engagement I had forgotten about. Her curiosity had been aroused and she wasn't happy about the delay, but it was unavoidable. I told her to go home and I would meet her there in a couple of hours.
I returned to Marco and told him I was ready.
"Not quite," he said, handing me a night stick and a form I had to fill out to borrow it. Marco had to fill out a form too, to authorize me to borrow it, so I couldn't complain about it very much.
A police night stick is about two feet long with a handle sticking out at right angles five inches from one end. It can be held a number of ways and is good for striking, blocking or holding an opponent, at any time of the night or day.
Five police officers in standard uniforms of brown and red joined us. Two of them carried small axes and the rest carried night sticks like mine, but every one of them, including Marco, had a sword belted around his waist, making me feel a bit naked in their company, even though I had never liked lugging that much steel around when I was a soldier.
At the dock we found The Lion Of The Sea getting ready to cast off, days ahead of schedule. Marco had the warrant out as he hurried up the gang plank to be met at the top by an illiterate burly sailor determined to stop him. With his night stick held along his forearm Marco deflected the sailor's punch, jabbed him in the ribs with the short end, spun it around on the handle and conked him on the temple with the long end. The burly sailor dropped to the deck and the skinny sailors behind him backed away a few steps, some putting hand to knife, but nobody drawing a weapon.
Marco stepped onboard the ship and held up the warrant while the rest of us boarded and spread out beside him. In a voice that carried the length of the deck he asked, "Anybody else want to obstruct justice?" Nobody stepped forward. After watching their strongest companion dispatched in short order by one old man they weren't inclined to tackle a small squad of police on legitimate business. "Then I suggest you all get back to work, while we talk with your captain."
Although most of the crew dispersed a few of the crewmen still looked ready to jump us, watching our every move, but we stayed alert and they didn't cause an incident. If they had all massed together they could have made short work of us but most of them didn't want to tackle the police, at least not without a direct order.
I led the way to the captain's cabin. Marco rapped on the door and presented the warrant to the captain, a hearty looking fellow with a neatly trimmed beard that was getting to be more gray than brown. He calmly read the warrant and then laughed loudly, too loudly I thought, and said, "Stolen jewelry? I think not, but do come in, see for yourselves. And when you're done I'll sue you."
Marco smiled and said, "We'll see."
Two policemen stood guard outside while the rest of us crowded into the cramped cabin, which was barely big enough to hold five people. It was neat and clean and well-organized until Macro and the other police started searching. I stood in the middle of the room and tried to calm myself so I could get an impression in the midst of all this chaos, but I had recovered my mother's favorite necklace so many times that it didn't take me long to make a connection.
I turned slowly until the necklace was right in front of me and found myself facing a five-foot-tall cabinet. I began searching it. Marco knew about my talent and joined me, but we found nothing and the others also came up empty handed.
The captain smiled and said, "See, I told you so."
"Move that cabinet," I said.
"But it's screwed to the wall."
Marco smiled and a policeman handed him a screwdriver. A few minutes later we pushed it aside to reveal an expanse of wood panelling. The captain looked smug until I grabbed an ax.
"You better be right," Marco muttered.
The impression of the necklace was so strong I could damn near see it. I reached out and touched a spot on the wall. "Right there, just behind the wood, is my mother's necklace. I'll bet my reputation on it."
"You are," one policeman said.
I ignored him and swung the ax a couple of times about a foot to either side of the spot I'd touched. The thin wood splintered and I tore it away to reveal some shelves with bags made of leather or thick cloth on them. Marco opened one and pulled out a colorful handful of unmounted gems.
The captain said, "That's my personal stash and it was all bought legitimately."
Nobody said anything but nobody believed him. Marco opened another bag to reveal bracelets, rings, earrings, necklaces and other jewelry. I identified my mother's necklace and declared it stolen. "That's good enough," Marco said. "One stolen item is all we need to confiscate the lot and stop this ship from sailing until we search it. Take him away."
Police officers grabbed the captain and took him away.
Macro turned to me. "Thanks Berk. Give us a couple of hours to take care of the paperwork on this haul and then you can pick up your mother's necklace at the station. I'll make sure it's ready."
"Great. I'm glad I could help, but I have a woman waiting for me. Strictly business," I added quickly, before he could come out with a smart remark. "The woman you saw me with at the station."
"She looks loaded."
"Yeah, she paid good, I just have to get back to her and wrap up the case. I'll see you later."

Chapter 18
In Carina's coach on the way to the Temple Of Hermia I took the opportunity to give Carina the results of my investigation. I still had unanswered questions myself so my story didn't sound like it amounted to much, especially since I left out so much Adeela would be able to explain so much better then I could.
When I told her about the Good Fortune Company with its vanishing funds she said, "I suspected Aldwin and Cal were up to something, but there was always enough money to run the house and keep me happy. I knew they wouldn't leave me with nothing, so I didn't worry about it, but I did wonder."
That showed a lot more faith in human nature than I possessed but I didn't say that out loud. I fidgeted with Aldwin's ring, still suppressing the urge to drop what I was doing and bring it directly to Almina. I pulled it off and showed it to Carina. "Do you recognize this ring?"
She nodded without reaching for it. "Aldwin used to wear it. How did you get it?"
"Do you know where Aldwin got it from?"
"He told me it was a gift from a grateful client. I always suspected it was from his mistress."
"Ah, that makes this next part easier to explain." I told her how Almina had come to me with the ring, how I followed the trail to the temple, confronted Adeela and got drugged. I left out the part about the sex. "I had just recovered after administering the antidote when you showed up with your news, which threw me for a loop, I must say. But this visit should explain everything."
As if on cue the coach stopped. When I opened the door, Carina saw the Temple Of Hermia and shot me a look asking why she was here, but I kept my lips sealed and led her up to Adeela's room. I tapped lightly on her door, hoping she was in.
Half a minute later it opened. When Adeela saw me her face changed color and fell apart, but she picked up the pieces pretty quick and put them together in a glare that didn't fool me.
"I gather you didn't expect me back so soon, or maybe not at all. And we had such a good time together last night." I smiled my friendliest smile.
Adeela's glare intensified and her color came back. "You should have stayed out of this. What do you want now?"
"I brought someone to meet you." I stepped aside to reveal Carina. "Your loving wife misses you so much, and you never write anymore."
Despite my lame humor Adeela's glare faded, her shoulders slumped and she opened the door wide enough to let us enter. Carina looked from Adeela to me and back again, still trying to  absorb what she had just learned. While Adeela closed the door I led Carina to a chair and sat her down.
To Adeela I said, "I followed your trail to Gray's Roadhouse, and then I found you here, but you sure changed a lot in between. I'd kind of like to know what happened and I think your wife deserves an explanation."
But Adeela shook her head. "I can't tell you anything. It would violate my agreement with the Temple."
I twisted my lips into a nasty smile. "That agreement was designed to protect the secrecy of the temple, but I already know enough to cause a stir, so if I try hard I'm sure I can raise a mighty big stink, and I don't think the temple wants the publicity that would bring. Right now the police believe they have your body but I don't have to let them keep thinking that."
I took a breath to give her time to absorb that. "On the other hand, Carina only hired me to find her husband, and since I have done so my involvement can end now, but I still want to tie up some loose ends for my personal satisfaction. And you owe your wife some kind of explanation."
"Alright, you win." Adeela threw up her hands and went to sit on the edge of the bed, casting a single glance at Carina, who still sat as if stunned. I turned the other chair to face Adeela and sat down. She kept her eyes lowered as she talked and there was an underlying tiredness to her voice that I hadn't noticed before.
"I was getting old and I wanted to be young again so badly I made discreet inquiries in many uncouth places. I found out about several possible methods of rejuvenation, all very expensive, all with serious drawbacks, and most of them required long-term commitments and the performance of unsavory acts I couldn't live with. The Temple Of Hermia was just as expensive and they do have a serious drawback, something a lot of people couldn't accept." She gestured at her body, obviously that of a woman. "An unavoidable side effect of their rejuvenation spell is a gender change, but that was easier than some of the other things I would have had to do. And there were always strings attached, even to this deal, but I figured I could accept their terms easier than any of the others. They helped me arrange my finances and set up my disappearance."
"Like providing your double and drugging your regular driver that day."
"Exactly." She looked up at me for a second. "They even found Peet a good job in another city. Now they've given me a new identity and they're teaching me how to be a woman. They've been doing this for a very long time and they're proficient at every step of the process. You'd be surprised to learn how many prominent, young women were once rich, old men, which would explain how they know some of the things they do. Anyway, in return for all that, I paid their exorbitant fee and swore to serve here in the Temple for one year and support it thereafter."
I nodded, satisfied. She hadn't given away many secrets I didn't already know and I had no reason to spread them around. "I have just one more question. Where did that body come from?"
She shrugged. "He was just an old farmer who died suddenly while working in his field. The Temple has connections. They wait for a suitable body to turn up, then they alter it to resemble their client and plant his papers and some jewelry on it. When he is officially declared dead she can assume her new life. Unfortunately there was a bit of delay in obtaining a body for my death certificate." She looked at Carina. "I never wanted to hurt you and I'm sorry if I did. I had everything arranged so you could keep the house and carry on your current lifestyle without worries. I didn't hurt anybody and I didn't break any laws and now I just want to get on with my new life."
I got up. I'd be surprised if the Temple Of Hermia wasn't at least bending some laws a great deal, but I didn't mention my suspicions or threaten to turn them in. "That's good enough for me. The police can keep their case closed and I'll close mine. Thank you for talking." I turned to Carina and gave her a quick little bow. "It was nice to do business with you. I'll prepare my report and finalize your bill. I'm sure you two have a lot to talk about and I have to get this ring back to Almina." I shot Adeela a quick glare and she responded with a tiny smile. I said, "Good-bye," and got out of there.

Chapter 19
Instead of giving in to the planted suggestion and finding Almina right away I got stubborn and detoured to Caracalla's Bathhouse.
I was barely through the worn arches when Caracalla came up and stepped in front of me. "I don't want any trouble."
I stopped a couple of feet away. "Hey, when have I ever given you any trouble?" Over his shoulder I saw the usual crowd gathered around the news bulletins but they all seemed to be looking my way when I wasn't looking at them.
"All the time, when you were a teenager."
I winced. "That was a long time ago. What's the problem today?"
He jerked a thumb back to the bulletin boards. "There was a nasty murder of a pretty, young girl yesterday. The bulletin says you were charged with the crime."
"Hey, I didn't escape from custody, I called a lawyer."
Caracalla relaxed.
I didn't, "That was a wrongful arrest, I was cleared of all charges. I'm the guy who found the body, I'm helping the police. Didn't they print that?"
"No." He straightened himself after bending away from my tirade.
"Well they should have. I'm one of the good guys." I threw a hostile glare over his shoulder at the crowd. "Tell them all to relax."
"Don't worry, I'll spread the word around that your arrest was a mistake."
"Thanks," I grumbled and headed for the steamy depths of the bathhouse.
I spent some time in the sauna to sweat out the last of the drug, then scrubbed myself good with lots of soap and hot water and finished up with a dip in the cold pool.
On the way out there was less tension from the crowd around the bulletin board. I gave a friendly nod to them, and a bigger one to Caracalla.
Outside on the street I found myself walking away from the police station and stopped myself. Gauging by the position of the sun it was still a couple of hours before dark, which meant I would still have plenty of time to deliver the ring after I returned my mother's necklace. With a conscious effort I turned myself around and started walking toward the police station. The ring was a minor detail, but if I returned the necklace this evening I could still wrap up two cases today.
Marco was off shift now but the necklace was ready at the front as promised, where I had to show every bit of I.D. I possessed and fill out about a dozen forms before they handed it over to me. It felt like a lump of lead in my pocket.
When I got to my mother's house she wasn't home. I told her maid that I wanted to deliver the necklace in person so she told me my mother was out to dinner with Orfidius at Neptune's Palace, that seafood place she liked so much, down at the east end of Old Harbor. I had walked right past it on my way here.
I turned to leave but she pulled me back and said in conspiratorial tones, "I think he's going to ask her to marry him soon, perhaps tonight."
"Then I better hurry." I tore myself away from her and ran out to the street, where I got lucky and managed to flag a cab right away. It was a short ride but I had some time for pointless speculation, berating myself for not leaving the bathhouse a little bit sooner, or taking a different street so I could have met my mother before she got to the restaurant.
Inside the door of the restaurant a stuffy guy stopped me and inquired if I had a reservation. Stuffy doesn't impress or intimidate me so I said, "Sort of, but not exactly," to mess up his neat little world. I let him stew for a few seconds, then, just as he was about to ask, I explained. "I'm with Vera and Orfidius. I believe they're already here."
His nose went up three degrees. "But you are late. Their meals are about to be served."
To show him how much I cared I shrugged one shoulder. "I'll get by," I assured him. He did not approve but he hid his feelings behind his professional mask and led me to them.
My mother was totally not expecting me and barely managed to greet me. Orfidius set down his fork and looked at me with eyes full of poison. I smiled a big smile for them and sat down. "Hello mother. I keep missing lunch with you so I thought I would join you for dinner tonight."
Her smile was tentative and I saw curiosity in her eyes, but there was something darker there too, something I wouldn't want to cross. If this didn't go right she would be mad at me for a long, long time.
Orfidius didn't try to be friendly, making his slight smile more of a challenge than a show of amusement. "You just came here to spoil my evening." He looked right at me and his eyes seemed to say, I'm going to fuck your momma no matter what you say or do.
My eyebrows went way up and I assumed a look and tone of exaggerated innocence. "Not at all, I wouldn't dream of interfering with your plans. I only came here because I have some important business to take care of with my mother." I turned to her.
She wasn't happy about me showing up like this but she caught on. "You got the necklace back?"
"Yes I did. The police had to knock a few heads and I had to sign a lot of papers, but you told me you wanted to wear it tonight so here it is." I pulled it out of my pocket and laid it on the tablecloth in front of my mother, but I was watching Orfidius's face. He blanched a little but covered up well. If I hadn't been watching so closely I would have missed it.
She picked up the necklace and fastened it around her neck, as she had hundreds of times before. "How did you get it." 
"I traced it from the fence to a ship. When you reported it stolen, a warrant was issued, the captain of the ship was arrested and all his illegal loot was recovered." Summed up that way it sounded pretty easy.
Orfidius kept his expression neutral.
My mother digested the story for a few seconds, then started to frown. "But how did it get to the fence?"
"Well the fence didn't tell me who brought it in and he wouldn't budge on that no matter how much I leaned on him." Orfidius relaxed a trifle, trying not to let it show. I looked right at him and I couldn't help smiling. "But I know who took it to him."
Orfidius tensed again and looked up, catching my eye and the implication. Coughing, he excused himself to go to the washroom.
"Well who was it?" my mother asked as Orfidius stood up.
"I'm not going to tell you. I'll just say that it was an inside job and let you figure out the rest for yourself. It shouldn't be too hard." I looked at Orfidius's retreating back and then at his plate. He hadn't had a chance to get started eating so I grabbed his plate and slid it in front of myself. Rice, steamed vegetables and a big filet of some kind of white fish. I grabbed a clean fork and sampled the fish. "Sole. This is delicious," I said and dug in with gusto.
My mother frowned at me. "Orfidius will be upset when he gets back." If I hadn't just handed her the necklace she might have been upset enough to cut loose on me herself.
I shrugged. "He can order again when he gets back." I had a feeling he wouldn't be. I forked a big chunk of tender fish into my mouth.
The creases in my mother's frown deepened. "What got into you?"
I shrugged, ignored her glare and kept eating. After half a minute she started eating too. After eating in silence for several minutes she started looking up frequently for Orfidius. I deliberately avoided eye contact with her while I cleaned the plate and helped myself to Orfidius's wine. I was sure now that he was not coming back and my mother was reaching the same conclusion. All that remained was for her to put it all together and when I saw her face flush I knew she had. That's when I looked up to meet her eyes.
She looked down again. "I'm sorry."
I reached across the table and patted her hand. "So am I." I stood up. "This is my treat. I'll stop by for lunch sometime soon." This time I actually meant it.
She smiled weakly. "Yes, do that." I had spoiled her evening but saved her from doing something she would have regretted for a long time. She filled her wineglass and sat staring into it without drinking, not noticing when I left. She's a tough old bird and she would get by just fine.
As soon as I got outside I felt an urge, stronger than ever, to bring the ring to Almina.

Chapter 20
While my antidote had failed to erase Adeela's post-hypnotic suggestion I had been too busy and too stubborn to give in before, but now it annoyed me more than ever and there was no sense fighting it any longer. I usually walk at a brisk pace but I walked even faster to Almina's place, a small apartment in a three-story building off Barber Street. As soon as I handed the ring over to her the anxiety that irritated me vanished, and tension loosened throughout my entire body, like I'd just had a good massage.
I couldn't tell Almina that Aldwin was now Adeela because that would violate trust, but I did assure her that Aldwin was fine and doing what he wanted to do. She pressed me, threatened me, cajoled me and finally tried to seduce me but I pushed her away and stood up. "I'm not going to budge. If you want to know more you'll have to talk to Carina."
Almina looked up at me like I was crazy. "She's not likely to talk to me."
I shrugged. "That's true, but you have a better chance of getting the story out of her than from me." She glared at me but the ring was delivered, its influence was gone, I was finished with her, and I didn't want to let her spoil my good mood, so I just shrugged again and got out of there.
The sun, already below the horizon, still highlighted scattered clouds against the dark sky. I admired the intense, reddish-orange colors for a while, then pointed myself in the direction of my office, intent on finishing up the paperwork on Carina's case so I could collect the last of the money she owed me. Expenses had been high but I could justify each one if she chose to argue. Not that I thought she would.
I felt too good to be doing paperwork tonight so I stopped in the first bar I saw and ordered a beer. The place was grimy and dim but I wasn't here for the atmosphere. Although I took my time drinking my beer I decided against ordering another because  I found it hard to relax in this place, and I didn't feel like getting drunk alone, so I resumed my journey home.
As I passed the mouth of a dark alley I heard a scuffle. Getting involved in a scuffle in a dark alley is generally something for a sensible person to avoid and I was about to swing wide and hurry past when a woman's voice cried out, "Son of a bitch," and then was muffled.
I slipped into the alley, pressing myself against the wall so I wouldn't make a silhouette. Twilight hadn't quite faded completely so there was still enough light for me to make out three black-clad individuals attempting to subdue a woman. She was a feisty thing but one guy had a hand over her mouth and one of her arms twisted behind her back, while a second guy held her other arm and a third attempted to get a piece of rope around her legs without getting kicked too many times.
There weren't any knives out so I kept mine sheathed. Instead, I picked up a wooden crate from the garbage littering the alley and smashed it down on the head of the man holding her mouth. The thin slats broke and the crate came apart in my hands, but his grip relaxed and he collapsed to the ground. The woman twisted her arm free and punched the second man while the third pulled a knife from somewhere and charged at me.
I still held splintered pieces of crate in my hands so I used the big piece in my right hand to deflect his knife outward while my left stabbed jagged splinters into his cheek. He tried a backslash but I was ready and jabbed the splintered ends of my my sticks into his forearm. He cursed and retreated, holding his other hand over his wound and looking to his companions for support, but the first guy was still down and the second was leaning over with his hands covering his crotch. The woman snatched up a chunk of something from the ground and hit him on the head.
The guy with the knife decided he didn't like the odds and turned to flee. The woman threw her chunk of debris at him, striking him on the shoulder but not slowing him down. She yelled, "Come back here you coward, so I can kick you in the balls too, if you even have any."
He didn't accept the challenge and I wasn't inclined to give chase through a dark, cluttered alley. Getting involved in the first place had been foolish enough. I checked both ways to make sure there were no more threats, then asked, "Are you alright?"
She straightened her clothes and brushed her hair into place with her fingers. "Yes, I think so, thanks to you. Not many people would interfere with a scuffle in an alley. I guess I owe you one. My name is Jayna."
She packed a lot of woman into a short frame and none of it was extra, which made me think of one way she could repay me, but I kept that thought to myself. "I'm Berk. Buy me a drink and we'll call it even."
She smiled at me. "You'll have to come home with me to get it."
My eyebrows rose. "This is rather sudden but you have a deal."
Her smile widened but she shook her head. "Don't expect too much. My father is waiting for me. I get home at the same time every night and if I'm not back soon he'll start to worry."
"I'll make sure you get home without any more interruptions." One of the guys on the ground moaned. I said, "Let's get out of this alley and see if we can find a cop to round up these guys." We made our way to the street and started walking. "So what happened back there? It didn't look like a robbery or a rape."
"You're right, they wanted to take me somewhere. One of them said something about me having lots of energy and being a suitable sacrifice, but I thought those crazy cults always wanted virgins."
"They can't be that picky. Real virgins are hard to find because there's no way to tell without a close examination. Did they say anything else?"
She shook her head. We spotted a cop on his beat and told him what had happened. I assured him I would see the young woman home and he hurried off to round up the pair before they made themselves scarce.
She lived about four blocks away, in a well-kept little two-story row house squeezed in with similar, not-quite-so-neat houses not far from Old Wall Street. She insisted I come in for the drink she owed me. Like most men, I find it hard to say no to a pretty woman, especially when my other choice was to go to my office and do paperwork. Her father turned out to be a merchant who was extremely fond of his daughter. When she told her family how I had saved her they insisted that I stay, and her father plied me with wine of superb vintage.
He told me things about his store that I promptly forgot and I told him about my business and gave him my card, and then we swapped army stories for a while. After a few hours he started talking politics but I managed to convince him that it was getting late and I had to go.
Before I got out of there he tried to give me a reward for saving his daughter, but I argued that I hadn't done it for the money and the wine I drank was reward enough, but he insisted. I don't argue very hard with people who are trying to give me money so I walked out of there with half a day's pay for just a few minutes of work in an alley. More easy money, I thought as I made my way home.
It had been especially easy, I reasoned, because I had found the woman before she went missing. My drunken brain thought it had something there but I couldn't come up with a practical way to take advantage of it. None of my clients came to me until after they had lost something, which invariably made my job more difficult. My mind was still chewing on that problem when I fell asleep.

Chapter 21
The next morning I was finishing up my report to Carina when my office door opened and a small, dark-haired woman in a worn dress came in and told me her daughter had been missing for four days now and the police still had no clue.
I took down her particulars, followed her home and got a comb from her daughter. When I handled it I got a clear picture of the girl, poorly dressed but very pretty, but I got no inkling of where she might be, so I sat down, made myself comfortable and put myself into a trance, but still got nothing, not even a hint as to which direction she might be in. Was my talent failing me? Was there a common link between these two women other than the fact that I couldn't locate them with my talent?
But talent or not, I still had to find her and that meant legwork for me. I found out where she had last been seen and went around asking questions, but I was just covering the same ground the police had. Nobody had seen her since she left to go home.
I was nowhere, the same as I was with Laura's disappearance. I had already spent more time on this case than she had paid me for, but that didn't bother me because I had nothing better to do and I wasn't hurting for money. What did bother me was my total lack of progress, so even though I was no longer being paid for my time I was nowhere close to giving up. But I did call it quits for the day.
I went to Caracalla's and worked out some of my frustrations on a punching bag in the gym, then soaked in the hot pool while I tried to think of a new angle. I had two women to look for, no leads at all, I'd already spent as much time as they'd paid me for, and I didn't feel like I'd earned any of it. On the other hand I had told the mothers I would do what I could, and that I had done.
Unable to come up with any new angles I decided to catch Zena for lunch.
Before I agreed to keep any secrets for the Temple Of Hermia I'd promised Zena I would tell her what had happened to Aldwin, so as long as I left out the name of the temple I had no qualms in that regard. When Carina hired me I had promised her confidentiality, so I couldn't tell Zena everything, but she had helped me on the case and could probably guess everything except the details and the conclusion. I trusted her and I thought she deserved to know, I just wasn't sure how much to tell her.
I went to the market and filled a basket with a roasted chicken, a fresh loaf of bread, a chunk of cheese, some grapes, and a bottle of wine, then caught a cab to Cal's factory. Whether Zena joined me or not, I was eating good.
When Zena saw me her face lit up and she agreed to eat outside with me. "Just give me a few minutes to finish up."
I nodded and went out to get ready, picking a spot in the shade under a tree in a vacant lot across the street where I could spread a blanket on the overgrown grass. When Zena came out I waved to her. While she crossed the street to join me I laid out the food.
She sat down with her back to the factory, brushed windblown hair back from her face and said, "This is lovely. It's so much better eating out here in the fresh air and sunshine than in that stuffy building." She sucked air in through her nose. "And this food smells so good compared to what they offer in the cafeteria."
I smiled. It always makes me feel good to make a beautiful woman happy. "You deserve a break and I have nothing better to do today, so I thought I'd fill you in on what happened to Aldwin." I tore a drumstick off the chicken and bit into it.
"Oh, you found him did you?" She helped herself to some breast meat.
"Well, not exactly."
"He was dead?"
I smiled and shook my head. "No, he's not dead, but the cops think he is and you'll never see him again."
She frowned, trying to comprehend. "What are you talking about."
I let out a little laugh. "It took me a while to figure it out, and even then I wasn't sure, especially when Carina told me his body had been found."
Her brow furrowed deeper. "I thought you said he wasn't dead."
"It wasn't his body. He had some help and they pulled a switcheroo. But they didn't kill anybody, so it was quite a while before a convenient body showed up for them to use."
"Who did that for him?"
"I can't tell you that."
She chewed for a while. "Why did he do it?"
"He wanted to be young again."
More chewing by both of us.
"How did you find him?"
"A stroke of luck. Part of his deal was that he had to sever all ties to his past life, but he wanted to return a ring to his former mistress. She brought the ring to me and I used it to find her."
"Her?"
"Er, I mean him." She gave me a funny look, but I tore into a piece of chicken without saying anything. Maybe she knew it wasn't just a slip of the tongue. I couldn't tell her anything more.
"And that was it?"
"I wish. I was drugged and nearly lost all my memories from half the day, but my lawyer friend Orfeo clued me in and I brewed myself an antidote."
"So Aldwin is alive and well, doing what he wants to do?"
I nodded.
"There were plenty of shady dealings, but no foul play and nothing illegal."
"Except for stealing a dead body, lying to the police, drugging me, and a few other minor infractions, but nobody is being charged for any of that. So how is life at the furniture factory?"
She leaned back, thankful for the subject change. "That Cal is such a jerk. I'm about to lose my patience with him."
"You better be careful, I don't think I can find that for you."
She smiled briefly at my feeble joke but she had to vent her feelings. "He says he has a special interest' in me and he makes it sound like he's offering me endless opportunities I'd be a fool not to take, but I know that all he really wants is sex."
"So why not give it to him? You wouldn't be the first woman to advance her career that way, and he is kind of handsome, if you like the stern face, the thinning hair, and the pinched mouth look."
Her smile lasted longer this time but she shook her head. "For some women that's the only way to advance, but I'll find another way. I don't like him and I don't trust him. Once I give him what he wants there's no guarantee he'll even look at me again and he might fire me just so I'm not around, and my next boss might be even worse."
"If he's that bad, why don't you come and work for me? I may not be able to pay you the same rate but there would be less work and more excitement."
She barely smiled but her eyes twinkled. "And my boss would be more handsome, if I liked big muscles and the blond, rugged, northerner look." The way her eyes traveled over me made it clear that she did like that type. "But what do you offer for job security?"
I shrugged and took a few seconds to think about my reply, trying to keep it casual. "The same I can offer myself. Prospects are good and I don't intend to starve, but there are no guarantees."
She looked down at her hands, which were clasping each other. "That's a big step and I'm not ready yet. I'll have to think about it."
"Go ahead and take your time. I can get by without a receptionist and secretary, but if I do develop an urgent need for one you'll be the first to know. You can make your decision then. Or if he crosses the line you can come on over and I'll give you a job right away."
"You're sure? You'd do that for me?"
"Certainly, but it's not just for you. I'm sure I'll get my money's worth out of you. If I'd had a receptionist yesterday I might be making money today, instead of picnicking with you. Not that I'm complaining."
She beamed at me. "Thank you, but I have to get back in now; I do still work for the jerk." She rose to her feet and so did I.
"Good luck with that." We stood for several seconds just looking at each other. Watching the breeze playing with her hair I felt a sudden urge to kiss her but it didn't seem like the right time or place. I said, "We have to get together again, when we have more time and no business to talk about."
"Yes, do call on me." She pecked me on the cheek, then turned and ran across the street. I watched until she waved at me from the doorway and disappeared inside. When I finished eating I lay on my back and watched the wind push fluffy white clouds across the sky. I would call on her again. Soon.

Chapter 22
When I got back to my office I found a note on the floor where it had been dropped through my mail slot. "I want to hire you, but you haven't been in your office all morning. Please contact me at your earliest convenience." It was signed, Magnus Camillus, a name I didn't know, but his office was on Helen Avenue, down in the Southwest Quadrant, only a block west from Rome Street, which meant he had plenty of money. I dropped everything on my desk, ran out and caught the cab that had just dropped me off.
The cab took me to a fancy building of white marble at the corner of Helen Avenue and Paradise Street. The architecture was classic Greek, with lots of fluted columns, and sure enough, Magnus turned out to be a lawyer, sitting behind his desk in a red velvet chair, like it was some kind of throne.
He gestured to a chair and before my butt hit the seat he started rattling on about an important document he'd misplaced. "It's impossible to replace and I need it day after tomorrow. I've been searching frantically for days, I've looked everywhere at least twice." He dug the pudgy fingers of both hands into his hair, then stopped self consciously, caught his breath and resumed speaking, at a slower rate. "I was about to go crazy when a business associate told me his wife had heard about a guy who could find anything no matter where it was." He turned his twitchy smile on me. "That guy turned out to be you. Can you find it?"
"It sounds straightforward enough, for a man of my talents, but in order to locate the missing document I'll need to feel the file it came from."
"Oh no, you can't do that, it's a very sensitive matter, nobody is allowed to see it."
"Relax, I don't need to see it. I said I need to feel it. You don't have to let it out of your sight and you don't even need to open it."
"Oh." Still hesitant, he went to a file cabinet in the back of his office, glanced over his shoulder at me to make sure I was still in the same place, unlocked the bottom drawer and pulled out a folder. He sighed as he sat down in his chair and carefully set the folder in the center of his desk, remaining perched on the front edge of the chair, his hands still on the desk.
"I'll need silence in order to work." Strictly speaking, I didn't really, but I didn't want him trying to start chattering at me. When I reached out my hand to touch the folder his hands twitched a few times and I half expected him to snatch it way at the last instant, but he didn't. If he had I would have laughed.
My first touch told me that the document was not in his office. I calmed myself and went into a trance, but I still felt nothing, so I went deeper. Vaguely, from a distance, I sensed the general direction. If I tried harder I was just inviting a headache so I brought myself out.
Magnus was staring intently at me.
"Its not in your office."
His eyes darted wildly around his office, as if searching to contradict me. "Where else could it be?"
"It's that way," I said, waving in a southeasterly direction. "Does that mean anything to you?"
He looked disappointed, and a bit skeptical now, but he nodded. "I live in that direction, up in the hills, but I know for certain that I never brought it home."
I smiled. "That's where we need to go."
"But I can't leave. I have important appointments to keep this afternoon."
"No problem. I'll meet you at your home after supper."
"You'll find it then?"
"If nobody else finds it sooner."
He set a time and gave me his address.
A cab looking for a fare approached me but I waved it off. I had the rest of the afternoon to kill so I was in no hurry to get back to my office and walking gave me time to think. Light clouds covered most of the sky and a cool breeze blew from the west.
#   #   #
I had just reached Knife Avenue, a few blocks from my goal, when I was hailed from across the street and saw Lucina waving at me. I waved back, waited for a break in the traffic, then hurried across the street to join her. I'd prepared her final bill but hadn't delivered it yet because I didn't want to intrude on her grieving.
I was still ten feet away from her when she started gushing. "Oh thank you so much for finding my Belita. If not for you I would never have known what happened to her. Nobody would have known. It is so sad that she is dead but at least I know, and we can give her body a proper funeral. Thank you, thank you."
I wasn't used to such effusive praise and we were attracting attention on the sidewalk. "You're welcome," I said, cutting her off from spouting more of the same. "Did you just come to thank me, or do you want to go to my office and talk business?"
She shook her head. "I just came from your office but you weren't there, but we don't need to go back, this won't take long." She grabbed my sleeve with one hand while the other thrust a crumpled twenty-talent note into my hand. "I hope this pays my bill because I want to hire you again." She grabbed my other sleeve and pulled me close, her face a twisted mask of anger and grief. "My little girl, she had dreams you know, but now she'll never get a chance to live them and she'll never dream again. I want you to find the dirty rotten son of a bitch who did that to her, and I want you to make him pay."
"Whoa, slow down, this only covers what I've already done for you, and even if I do find him it would  be up to the police and the legal system to make him pay. Why don't you just let the police find the killer?"
She let go of my shirt and her face hardened. "Because I have no faith in them. But you, you get results. I want you working on the case." The hardness dissolved. "I'll get more money, as much as you need. Please help me." She was near tears.
"Alright, I'll look into it, but you know, I get my laundry done at your place anyhow, so why don't we trade services?"
She looked at me for a second, then nodded vigorously. "Yes, yes, that is a good idea."
"Great. We can work out the details later. I'll do what I can but I can't promise any results."
"That's all I can ask. Thank you." She squeezed my hand in both of hers, then dropped it and hurried away.
Bemused, I watched her until she turned the corner onto Barber Street, wondering what I had gotten myself into. Did Belita's killer qualify as a missing person? Would my talent function in a case like this? It didn't matter, I had just been hired to look for him, and I hadn't promised her I'd get results.
I returned to my office to take care of the paperwork. There wasn't much, but if I didn't stay on top of it I tended to lose track, and the further behind I got the less inclined I became to catch up on the escalating spiral.
When I was done, I sat there thinking about my latest case and I realized that I might come face to face with a killer. Add in the incident in the alley last night and it became clear that I needed to arm myself better. When I'm in a life and death situation I prefer to inflict maximum pain and disable my opponents quickly so they can't hurt me or pursue me. Though there have been times when I wish I'd had a sword, I generally approve of the law that prohibits long blades within Agrippina city limits.
I dug out an eighteen-inch cudgel, with a lead weight in the business end and a leather thong on the other. I swung it around a few times to get the feel of it, then hung it by the door, thinking how much I could have used it last night. Then I dug deeper and pulled out a handy item an army buddy had introduced me to, something I called my little brass knocker. Basically just a brass cylinder, contoured to fit into my fist, with a small knob protruding from each end, it gave extra weight and impact to every punch, and the knobs could be used like hammers to bruise flesh and smash bone. Hard to see, it could be a nasty surprise in a fight.
Using a combination of chemistry and magic I prepared some paper packets which, when evoked, would provide either a blinding flash or a dense cloud of smoke. I put them and my brass knocker into different pockets, hung my cudgel from my belt, then went out to find some dinner. A couple of blocks down, on Harbor Avenue, was some of the best fish available in the Republic, but I headed up the hill to Rope Avenue and grabbed myself a meat pie from Delmar, my favorite street vender.
#   #   #
I walked the three-quarters of a mile to Magnus's house, where I found his paper so easily that I didn't even have to go into a trance, though he remained skeptical until I put it in his hand, without once looking right at it. The way I figured it, he had misplaced the document in his office and inadvertently taken it home, mixed in with a bundle of other papers, subsequently  turning his office inside out and driving himself into a frenzy, never dreaming that he himself had removed the paper from the premises. 
"How did you do that?" He kept looking at the document, then at the stack of unrelated papers it had been in the middle of. 
I shrugged. "It's my special magic."
"Absolutely amazing." Although I had located the document within a few minutes of arriving at his home he didn't quibble about paying for a full hour, putting some more easy money into my pocket. As I was getting ready to leave he said, "I hear you find people now."
I nodded, wondering if the paper had been some kind of test before hiring me for a bigger job. "I just started and I've found a couple of people already, but there's a few more I'm still looking for. Are you missing someone?"
"No, no. A friend of a friend has a daughter that disappeared last month. I was thinking I should pass your name on to him so he could get in touch with you."
I could always use some more wealthy clients. "Do so, by all means. Here, give him one of my cards." I dug one out and handed it to him. He thanked me a few more times before I could get out of there.
I no sooner got to the street and started walking than a cab pulled up alongside me but I wasn't in a hurry so I waved it off. The driver gave me a long look before he snapped the reins and pulled away, driving like he had somewhere else to be. As the cab turned at the next intersection I thought I saw a face part the curtains in the back window, but why would a cabby try to pick me up if he had a fare already?
I had only covered a couple of blocks when I saw two thugs with clubs jump out of an alley about ten yards ahead and attack the man just walking past. I broke into a run, pulling out my cudgel, intending to help him, but I had taken only a few steps before I realized there was nobody there.
I stopped.
I'd just had another of my prescient visions, one that was actually useful for a change. I hadn't recognized the man at first because I never see myself from behind, but the identical clothing and the blonde hair clued me in. I smiled to myself, got out a flash packet, crushed it in my left hand, and resumed walking, swinging wide around the mouth of the alley, holding my cudgel out of sight up my sleeve.
As I passed the corner of the building I raised my hand and uttered the power word that activated the flash, releasing a burst of cold, blue-white light that shone red through my hand, catching two men frozen in wide-eyed surprise, clubs half raised. Dazzled by the flash, they were still blinking rapidly when I gave them each a tap on the head and laid them both out cold.
That was almost too easy, I thought as I rolled the face-down one over with my foot so I could take a look at them. Thin, dirty, clad in threadbare clothes, they were typical of the lowlifes that sifted to the bottom in cities everywhere. Curiously, each of them had a twenty-talent note in his pocket, which I did not take because I'm not a thief, but I had to wonder why they chose to attack me. I don't look rich and I'm too big to be an easy mark.
I couldn't have these guys arrested because I was the one who had attacked them, I didn't want to help them, and I didn't want to stick around and talk to them, so I just left them laying there and went home. If somebody else chose to rob them while they were unconscious it wasn't my problem. At the very least they would think twice before picking on me again.

Chapter 23
I woke to banging at my back door, so loud I was afraid it would break again, and it had only been fixed yesterday. "Settle down," I shouted, "unless you want to pay for the damned door." The banging stopped but I still considered getting a heavy bar installed, something heavy enough to keep out anything short of a battering ram. I took my time pulling on my pants, getting to the door and opening it. A pair of cops stood there but I was relieved to see that their swords were not drawn.
"What's going on here? Am I under arrest?"
"That depends," said the cop in front, the shorter one.
"On what?"
"On how you answer my question."
"So start asking."
"We're here to take you in so my only question is, are you going to cooperate or do we have to beat you into submission?"
"That sounds like two questions."
"It sounds like you're taking the second choice."
"Let me think about it while I get dressed." I turned my back on them, feeling the intensity of their stares on me while I finished dressing, but they didn't move from the doorway until I was ready to go. I made sure I locked the door as I left.
They escorted me through wet, foggy streets to the police station, where we were intercepted and directed to the desk of Inspector Marco. I sat without being invited, leaned back with my hands behind my head, slid my butt forward, crossed my ankles,and said, "Why can't you just leave me a message? I do know how to read."
Marco's composure never shifted as he shuffled through a few papers to find the one he wanted. "Of course I would have just sent you a message, but Sergeant Thaddeus listed you as a possible suspect in last night's murder, provided your address and suggested you be brought in for questioning. I didn't know until just a few minutes ago and you were already on your way here, but I managed to get you sent directly to me rather than being stuck in an interrogation room."
"Thaddeus again." The sergeant was becoming a real pain in my nether regions. What had I done to him? What could I do to him? I sighed, then sat up straight.
"Yes, Thaddeus again." A quick glance to left and right. "I admit the man can be a real pain, so just to bug him I'd like to enlist you as a police auxiliary."
"I don't want to be a cop."
"I know, I know, but you won't be. You'll be a special consultant. We'd be doing what you and I are doing right now, except you would be getting paid for it."
His level gaze stayed fixed on me while I tried to find an argument against the proposal. Finally I shrugged and said, "Okay."
"I'll get the paperwork started. You have a registered business so there should be no problem."
"So which murder were you talking about, and why was I implicated?"
"A woman was found in an alley about halfway between here and Old Wall Street. The victim hasn't yet been identified because she was found with no I.D., no personal effects, no clothing, and no skin left on her body."
"Oh, another one of those." Although I still hadn't eaten breakfast I wasn't hungry anymore, and I'm afraid my face didn't remain as impassive as Marco's. I was also glad I hadn't been the one to find the corpse this time. "I hope you don't think I had anything to do with it, Inspector." I had been asleep in bed, alone, so I didn't have an alibi.
Marco's smile was thin behind his beard. "Of course not. It's already been established that we're looking for a slim man with dark hair, and you fit neither of those criteria."
I leaned forward in my chair. "That description fits Belita's killer, and yesterday her mother hired me to find him." 
His eyes bored into me. "Just find him?"
I held his gaze and nodded. "I don't intend to be a hero for what she's paying me, so I'll look for him and if I find him I'll leave the rest to the police. I've never heard of anybody being killed like that before, so it must be him that killed the woman last night too."
"That's what we think too." Marco's face went all tight. "But they're not the first. There have been half a dozen cases exactly like them in the past year, the first in Rome and the rest scattered over the Italian Peninsula."
"Only half a dozen? We've had two in a matter of days."
"That's just the ones we know about, which could be only a quarter or a tenth of the total for all we know, especially if any of the other bodies were hidden as well as Belita's. This seriously twisted serial killer is in my city now and I want to catch him, so right after you found the first body I sent to Rome for a specialist who's been following the case since the beginning. He should be here any day now."
"A specialist, huh? What good will that do? He obviously hasn't caught this killer yet."
Marco frowned at me. "No, but he knows more about this killer than anybody else, so he has a better chance of catching him than anybody else, and this time the trail is fresh."
I conceded the point with a casual wave. "So do you have any leads on the killer?" I hadn't bothered to ask before this because my involvement had ended when I found Belita, but her mother had made it my business when she hired me again.
Marco shook his head sadly. "All we have is a good description. The bartender and lots of other people remembered seeing him on the night Belita was killed, and a few claim they saw him the night before. He showed up at a few nightclubs, including the Coconut Club, but nobody knows where he came from, where he went, or where he is now." He rubbed his eyes, blinked a few times and leveled his gaze at me. "I understand you have a magic talent for finding people."
"Well, most of my life I've been good at finding things, but I've only recently begun trying to find people, and I'm nowhere near a hundred percent. I've had a few successes but it hasn't been as easy as I'd hoped, and in a case like this I don't have anything to focus on."
"Hmmmm. There was evidence of a squatter living in the Minotaur's Mansion, just one man, using only one room. Apparently everyone else is afraid of the ghosts and he lit out before the police got near the place."
"The bartender told me the man who left the club with Belita wore clothes that looked brand new. That doesn't sound like your typical squatter."
"Who says our squatter is typical?"
I shrugged.
"He might not be our man, but he could have seen something, and we still mean to find him. Maybe you can help us."
I nodded while I turned things over in my head. "I could poke around in the mansion, maybe take another look in the maze, see if I can pick up anything about his location. Do you mind?"
Marco shook his head. "Feel free. All the police teams are done with the crime scene. The rain washed most of the evidence away so all they found were a couple of long black hairs that could only belong to the victim, and some blond hairs that were identified as yours. If you think you can turn up anything useful, please, go ahead. Just be careful."
He was asking for my help but I don't think he expected anything from me. I guess he didn't expect anything from anybody. I didn't expect to find anything either, but I had to start somewhere.
My stomach growled loudly as I stood up.
Marco said, "You better go home and eat some breakfast."
"One more thing before I go. I'd like to check the corpse to see if it's one of the girls I've been hired to look for."
"Good idea. We can use help identifying her. I'll write you a note."
The note got me into the morgue, where I was faced with the distasteful task of touching the corpse. I discovered that she was not one of my girls so I wasn't much help. I barely recovered my appetite by the time I got home. On the bright side, I didn't have to tell one of my clients that her daughter was dead.
#   #   #
I had barely finished breakfast when Silvina, my new landlady, walked into my office. My heart jumped because for a split second I thought she was Zena, but Silvina has all these extra little moves when she walks, whereas Zena is smoother, more natural. Silvina looks like my type but something about her, despite her flirtations, disturbed me. Before I could get up she crossed the room and planted her shapely posterior on my desk, twisting around to look at me. he position accented her curves so it took my eyes a few seconds to travel to her face.
"Can I help you?"
She shrugged, which made interesting things happen at eye level. "I heard the police took you away again this morning and I came to see if any more doors had been broken down."
I laughed and she laughed with me to show she hadn't been serious. "Not this time. We managed to work it out without resorting to violence."
"So why did they want to talk to you? If it's not an official secret."
I saw no reason not to tell her. Everything I knew would soon be reported in the news bulletins anyhow. "An unidentified woman was murdered last night, in the same way as another woman less than a week ago, the woman whose body I found. Sergeant Thaddeus has a bone to pick with me so he tried to implicate me again, but all he managed to do this time was disturb my sleep and make me late for breakfast. And I didn't even mind because I've been hired to find the killer and this murder is my best lead yet."
"You think it was the same person?"
"Yes, and so do the police. The way the women were killed is so unique it isn't likely there can be two men doing the same thing. Besides, he's killed before, in other parts of the Republic."
She brought her hand up to cover her mouth. "That's horrible. Do they know who did it?"
I shook my head. "They're looking for a thin man with dark hair who was seen with the first victim on the night of her murder, but that's all they know about him. He came out of nowhere and vanished. Now he's killed again and nobody knows who he is or where he went."
"I hope they catch the sick bastard." She got off my desk and turned to face me, then shook her hips and shimmied her dress down into place. "I have to go now."
With an effort I looked up to her face.
"You should come on down and take a look at my store sometime soon. You might see something you like."
Her smile as she turned and sashayed to the door planted a few ideas in my head and I found myself smiling back. "Yes, I might at that." She had a knife store but, while I wasn't all that interested in knives, I thought a visit could prove interesting.
#   #   #
While I was writing up my report another woman showed up in my office. Her daughter had been missing for eight days now, she had given up on the police and she wanted me to help, but she didn't have much money. I took all the money she offered and went to her apartment, where I obtained a bent silver ring that the daughter had worn until recently, but I got no impression. I asked around her neighborhood, where she worked and where she was last seen, but after a couple of hours I still had nothing.
I thought about taking a trip out to the Minotaur's Mansion, but when I stopped in at my office for a while another woman came in complaining about a missing daughter, which gave me four missing young women to find. I would have been surprised if she had paid me more than twenty talents.
I spent the rest of the afternoon poking around, asking questions of friends, neighbors and acquaintances. Two of the women had been gone for more than a week, all had last been seen in Old City, within five or six blocks of the waterfront, which might or might not be a pattern. I bought a decent map of the city and marked their last known whereabouts, then stared at the map but it didn't add up to anything.
I called it a day and went for a shave and a bath. I could check the Minotaur's Mansion tomorrow.

Chapter 24
I slept in because I felt like it, and I thought I deserved it. I'd already put in all the time my clients had paid me for, without coming up with a single lead, and worrying about why my talent wasn't helping me find any of those women kept me awake late last night. Sleeping in didn't help, but at least I felt rested.
After breakfast I brought out the personal items from the four missing women and arranged them on my desk. I handled all of them, one at a time, but no matter how hard I concentrated I got no impression from any of them. I contemplated dusting off my stronger spells and going into a deep trance over them but I hadn't been paid enough to purchase all the ingredients, and I had a feeling it wouldn't help anyway. I put the objects back in the desk drawer.
Just as I closed the drawer my office door opened, admitting a flood of morning sunlight that swept in a tall, blonde woman with blue eyes and a wide smile. I smiled back, walking toward her without noticing I had risen to my feet. "Tiona." That's all I could say to this woman from my past, a woman who had attended many of the same classes as me at R.I.M..
She had matured, becoming a bit harder, but no less pretty. She wore a light brown tunic with short sleeves carrying the red band of a police officer, but I was looking right through that, remembering how she felt then, the silky smoothness of her tanned skin under my fingers, the soft touch of her hands on my chest. I smiled my biggest smile in months.
"Berk, it's been a long time." Her smooth voice was sweet music to my ears.
I nodded, my throat too dry to swallow. Our torrid love affair ended when we separated after school. We exchanged some letters over the years and knew about each other's careers, but we had been out of touch for several months and I had not actually seen her at all since I joined the army.
Her sparkling blue eyes, locked on mine, sparked old feelings, old flames, and the room got warmer. I felt like I had to sit down but we simultaneously moved into each others arms, into a tight, full-body hug.
We relaxed, and I caught my breath, but we didn't release each other. She fit in my arms like she belonged there, a familiar feeling too long absent from my life.
Before I knew what was happening her lips were on mine and once we tasted each other there was no turning back. It was like teen lust all over again, pawing each other like animals, and before I knew it she was trying to tug my shirt off. I pulled my mouth away from hers and said, "Wait."
"What's wrong," she asked, her voice muffled against my neck.
I pushed the door until it latched, then shot the bolt. "Nothing now."
"Good." She pushed at me and I backed up, then spun her around and trapped her against the desk. "One more thing," she said, reaching to her throat and pulling out a small stone pendant hanging from a leather thong around her neck. When she invoked it I recognized it as an anti-pregnancy charm.
I lifted her skirt and she undid my pants. Anybody looking through the windows would get an eyeful but, immersed in each other's bodies after years apart, we cared only about our mutual gratification. Her familiar body was harder, not as young and sweet as it had been, but still delicious and even more exciting. And she still knew how to make my body respond.
Afterwards, as I was bending over to pick up my clothes, Tiona started giggling. I turned around to see what she found so funny and saw her pointing a finger at me. "I didn't know you had a tattoo."
"Neither did I. What are you talking about?"
"It's right there on your butt cheek. Turn around." I did and she touched a spot high up on my left cheek, just a few inches from center. I twisted, stretching my neck, but still couldn't see it. When I reached back with my hand I encountered the itchy spot that had been bothering me the last few days, that I thought was some kind of insect bite. "You need a mirror," Tiona said when she managed to stop laughing at my contortions.
Still carrying my clothes I went to my washroom, unhooked the small mirror from the wall over the basin and held it behind myself, adjusting the angle until I saw a line drawing, about an inch and a half long, of a coiled snake rearing up its head. I wasn't fond of snakes, so if I ever got a tattoo I wouldn't choose a snake, and I most definitely wouldn't put it there.
"It's cute," Tiona said, coming up behind me and covering the tattoo with her hand, "but why did you put it there?"
"I didn't. I didn't even know it was there until you told me just now."
She moved her hand, stretching my skin, and bent down to take a close look. "It looks fresh, like it's barely healed." She straightened. "How drunk do you have to be to not know you're getting a tattoo?"
I chuckled and started dressing. "It wasn't like that. During a recent investigation somebody slipped me some drugged wine and it affected my memory. I managed to get the antidote but I guess I didn't recover every memory." Now that I knew it was there the tattoo itched constantly.
"You'll have to tell me about it, but not now. Believe it or not, I came on business."
"Oh, did you lose something?"
"No, but we are looking for something."
"We?"
"Me and Acastus."
"Hey, I remember Acastus from school. He's a Greek guy that wasn't a professor but he gave a series of guest lectures that everybody liked. I never spoke to him personally but he sounded like a smart man."
"That he is. He's dedicated to expanding the new field of magic applied to criminal investigation. His latest development is a spell to match any hair to the owner. Everybody loses hairs all the time without noticing. If a hair is found at a crime scene it can be linked to a specific person, thereby proving that person was at the crime scene. Eventually he wants to refine it so any Magician can locate a person from a single hair."
"Sometimes I can find a person with just a hair to work with."
"That's you. This is something that any magician can do, and it will stand up in court. Acastus taught the spell to several wizards and they've been traveling across the Republic teaching it to local police magicians. It will change the way police work."
"I don't see how it will change much."
She smiled and shook her head. "Then you still have a lot to learn."
"Yeah, I sure do. So what brings Acastus to Agrippina?"
"He's a Master acting as a special investigator for the Federal branch of the police."
"Oh, he must be the specialist Inspector Marco mentioned."
"Over the course of the past year Acastus has been tracking a serial killer who left skinless corpses scattered across the Italian peninsula, corpses exactly like the one you found, only buried a lot longer."
"Didn't he use his hair linkage spell to track the killer?"
"He tried, but the spell requires a sample from the suspect, and the only hairs that were found belonged to the victims. The new corpse yesterday is our hottest lead yet. That's why Acastus wants to talk to you."
"I'll be glad to help as much as I can but there's not a lot to go on, unless the police have turned up something new since last night."
"No, they haven't, but Acastus has some background on the previous kills."
"Right. That might suggest a new direction." I didn't have much hope but there's always a chance. I made sure my clothing was all in place, then said, "Let's go and hear what he has to say."

Chapter 25
Tiona was leading me into the the back of the Police station when Marco intercepted us.
"Berk, I saw you come in and I just wanted to tell you I got that paperwork ready. It'll be waiting for you at the front when you're done." He didn't wait for a reply.
"What paperwork is that?" Tiona stood waiting for a reply.
"The paperwork that makes me a special consultant to the police, so I will be paid for talking to Acastus."
Her face softened and she punched my upper arm. "Hah. You're half way to being a cop already."
I winced because she had a point. "But I'm still my own boss."
At a desk that had been empty the last time I was through here sat a man with curly black hair on his head, his face and his arms. An arc of clutter spread from where he leaned on his desk with his head in one hand, busy reading a report, but he set it aside when we showed up.
"You must be Berk," he said as he stood up and shook my hand. He was several inches shorter than me but his arms were long and his grip was still firm and dry, though his neatly trimmed beard showed a lot more gray than I remembered. He gave me a friendly slap on the shoulder. "Have a seat."
I settled into a chair and stretched out my legs. 
"Tiona says you're a strong magician and you were one slot away from being elevated to wizard. That's a tough break."
"It wasn't so hard for me to take. I'm glad Tiona made it because I know what I'm like, so I'm pretty sure you got the better wizard."
His smile spread far enough to display a gold filling in a molar. "You might be right about that. She's not quite as strong as some Wizards, but she makes up for it with intelligence, dedication and enthusiasm. She's earned a lot of points toward her second elevation and I'm certainly going to recommend her."
"She deserves it." I glanced at Tiona, saw her trying to pretend her face wasn't red.
"I'm glad you feel that way. So why didn't you go back to R.I.M.? Most unelevated magicians who go back for another year make the cut, so I'm sure you could have done it. I think you still can."
I shook my head. "I spent my inheritance going as far as I did, and by then I wasn't sure I wanted to go on."
Acastus's eyebrows went up, and then down as he studied me. "When I wasn't elevated my first time I was devastated, but becoming a wizard meant so much to me I couldn't give it up. The next year I went back with a vengeance and became the first pick."
"And look at you now. Congratulations." I sat up straight. "But I'm doing pretty good for myself. It's not like I'm selling love charms on the street, or livestock fertility spells to farmers."
"Yes, I've heard about some of your exploits, and I talked to Inspector Marco about the Belita case. It's because of your involvement in her case that I want to talk to you. Did Tiona tell you about the previous killings of a similar nature?"
"She mentioned them, and so did Marco, but we didn't discuss them in any detail."
He sat back in his chair and his voice assumed a lecturing tone. "The first one we know of occurred about a year ago in Rome and it caused quite a stir, but we got no leads. The second killing, also in Rome, occurred a month later, on the night of the new moon. Again the investigation came to a dead end so the Magic Branch was called in and that's when I became involved. Unfortunately I had no more success than anybody else.
"Over the course of the next year four more flayed corpses turned up in various cites on the Italian peninsula, the method of killing so distinctive that nobody had any doubt they were done by the same person. We did, in fact, determine that the same knife was used, but all we could find out about the person was a vague description of a thin man of medium height with dark hair, who nobody seemed to know.
"I was in Venice investigating the latest, which had been buried for weeks and wasn't much help, when I got the message about Belita. I thought I would have better luck following a fresh trail so I immediately travelled here. It's our best break in months and it's thanks to you."
"I'm glad I could help," I said, feeling myself flush. I added up in my head. "So our mystery man has killed seven women now."
"That's all we know about so far, but I'm pretty sure there are more that were never found. A lot more. Your finding Belita's corpse the day after the murder was a stroke of luck. I only wish I'd been able to get here faster."
"Faster? It's been less than a week and you're here already. I'd say that's plenty fast."
He smiled and shook his head. "Apparently I wasn't fast enough."
I thought about the woman who was found yesterday and nodded.
"The local police didn't connect Belita's killing to the others until later that day, and there was a further delay getting ahold of a Master who could send the message to Rome. I would have been here sooner if I had been in Rome, or even if they had relayed the message to me the day it came in, but apparently they didn't think it was as urgent as I did."
"I'm still impressed. But what do you want from me? Doesn't the government have strong enough magic to solve any case?"
Acastus looked at me like I was the slow student in class. "Sure they do. Unfortunately there are only a few Grandmasters capable of such magic and there are thousands of cases every year throughout the Republic. They handle as many cases as they can, but they only look at those with the highest priority. The rest get handed down to Masters like me."
"Who decides which cases have the highest priority?"
He just looked at me with a bland, unchanging expression on his face.
After several seconds I laughed and shook my head. "Never mind. That's why I don't work for the government."
"Does that mean you're not going to help?"
"On the contrary. I'm already sort of on the case."
"Sort of?"
"Well, Belita's mother wants me to find her daughter's killer. We did some bartering but she hasn't exactly given me a retainer yet, and Inspector Marco has done up the paperwork to hire me as a special consultant." I grinned at him. "I am a nice guy but I do like to be paid for my work."
Acastus nodded. "Excellent. That saves us some time. But doesn't this mean you'll be working for the government?"
I caught the twinkle in his eye but I gave him a serious answer. "Not exactly. Like I told Tiona, I'm still my own boss. If I don't like what you expect me to do I can just turn down the contract and walk away."
"I hope you don't decide to do that, because I think you can really help us." He hitched himself forward in his chair and put his forearms on his desk. "The method of killing in these cases is a definite signature, unlike anything else anybody I know has ever encountered. I did, however, read about a string of similar murders in Rome fifty years ago, with four murders spread out over a few months, then three in a matter of days, but when the killer was caught his mind was gone and nothing was learned about his motivation."
"So how does that help us now?"
Tiona and Acastus exchanged a glance. He said, "Close examination determined that the same knife was probably used in both of these local cases. In all likelihood it's the very knife that was used in all the cases on the trail of flayed corpses across the Republic from Rome to here."
Tiona said, "If the same knife was used every time, it's reasonable to assume that all the murders were committed by the same person."
"But this last kill is different," I said. "First of all, it came much sooner after the previous kill, and the corpse wasn't concealed with the same care and cunning as Belita's. It doesn't show the same foresight and planning."
Acastus nodded. "That's my point exactly. The killer is no longer following his own pattern, which means he's losing his mind, breaking down. While that might make him easier to capture it also means he could kill again at any time." He leaned back in his chair and sighed.
"The local police don't have any idea where the killer disappeared to. After the first murder they found evidence of a squatter in the Minotaur's Mansion, but nothing to link him to the murders. Still, I think you two should go back there to check it out and collect some samples. A Magician and a Wizard might find something the mundane police missed."

Chapter 26
Despite a few lingering misgivings I did sign Marco's papers on my way out. Since Lucina hadn't paid me enough for even half a day I figured I might as well be on the police budget while I checked out the Minotaur's Mansion. My first job as a special consultant. Or was that "Special Consultant"?
Tiona carried a sword, which she assured me she could use, and a police night stick for less lethal defense. I made sure I was armed with my cudgel, my brass knocker, and my spell packets for smoke and flash.
We weren't in any particular hurry so I led her around by the road, rather than clambering up the overgrown slope. We talked about our days together as students, how happy we had been together, and how things had changed when we went our separate ways. "I still love you," she said. "Until we met in your office this morning I'd just forgotten how much."
I couldn't deny that I still had strong feelings for her, but I didn't know if I had a place for her in my life, so I just nodded, then walked in silence for a while.
"I missed you but I have no regrets about the choice I made." She reached out and took my hand. "I'll miss you again when I have to leave Agrippina, but I will leave."
And that was the reason I couldn't tell her how much I loved her. I squeezed her hand. "I understand. How long are you going to stay?" I was really asking how much time we had together.
She shrugged. "Depends how long it takes to get this guy." She sounded like she thought for sure we would, but however much I wanted to catch him, I lacked her certainty. "We should be staying at least a week, maybe two, because while we're here Acastus wants to track down a couple of other serial killers that are operating in Agrippina, and some of his new spells might shed light on other unsolved cases."
As we approached the gate the wind shifted, blowing the rank odor of the slaughterhouse next door into our faces. Even though I had warned Tiona, a smell like that has to be experienced and she turned her head away in disgust, but of course that didn't help.
The gate now hung open wide, sagging on its hinges. "The house looks creepy," she said, folding her arms and hugging herself.
Sunlight poured down from a cheerful sky spotted with fluffy white clouds, but the sunlight didn't seem as bright near the mansion and the dense vegetation was an off color of green, too yellow to be healthy. The weathered walls seemed to be hiding secrets while the glassless windows dared us to come in and find them.
"You're right, and if you find it easy to believe it's haunted now, you should try it at night in the rain."
"No thanks." She stepped through the gate but stopped a few paces inside. "Should we look in the labyrinth or the mansion first?"
"The night I found Belita I felt like I was being watched from the mansion, but I didn't go in because I didn't have a good reason to. No sense looking for trouble, you know."
"You got that right. Trouble finds us easily enough on her own. Let's check it out now."
There were no doors anymore and I could see right through the house to the wall of the maze in the back yard. We walked through the doorless entryway and down a dim passage to the main room in the center. A wider passage directly opposite us led out to the back yard, a staircase in the back corner led up to the second floor, and there were smaller rooms on every side. The earlier police search had left tracks in the dust on the floor, radiating from the door to every room, avoiding the holes in the floor, but it looked to me like there were more tracks than those left by the police.
The floor was a black and white stone mosaic, somewhat obscured by the dust and dirt, but I could make out enough to see that it was a scaled reproduction of the labyrinth in the back yard, embellished with mythological beasts and mystical symbols. I pointed it out to Tiona.
"So what does that mean?"
I turned my hands palms up in an exaggerated shrug.
We poked around in the dust and decay and windblown debris on the ground floor without finding anything you wouldn't expect to find in a deserted house, but while we were looking in the fourth room Tiona whispered, "There's somebody in here."
"Up or down?" I whispered back. I hadn't seen or heard anything to indicate we weren't alone in the building but I took her word for it. She was sensitive to the auras of people up to a hundred feet away, a talent that was only useful when there weren't a lot of people around to interfere with each other. I had learned spells that enabled me to do it too, but for me the preparation usually wasn't worth the payoff.
Tiona pointed down. "How do we get into the basement?"
This was my first time in here too, and I didn't even know if the place had a basement. "Pick a hole." I edged up to a two foot wide hole and peered down. Three feet below me was another floor, covered with undisturbed dust. "Stay up here in case he comes up somewhere else and tries to get away."
She nodded and I dropped into the hole, landing in a crouch. The light was dim but there were enough holes in the floor that I could see all the way across the space. Stacks of tiles at intervals held up the floor and blocked most of my view. Hot air was supposed to flow through this crawl space from the furnace, which would be outside at the back.
I shuffled awkwardly to see down the next aisle, and then the next one. I caught a brief look at a silhouette of somebody about thirty feet away disappearing through an opening that led to the back yard and I knew I would never catch him by crawling down here. Overhead I heard the sound of Tiona's footsteps as she ran out the back to intercept him.
I climbed back up through a hole and hurried after Tiona but by the time I got halfway I met her coming back. She had a rather vacant look in her eyes, like she was seeing more than just what was in front of her. "He's gone," she said.
"Do you think he was our killer?"
"It's possible, but I doubt it. I sensed too much animal fear, like he's a bum and we spooked him out of his private hideaway, but I sense something else here too, very faint and it's still here." She quit talking and concentrated for half a minute. A smile played around her lips.
"What is it?" I prompted.
"This place really is haunted, by the ghost of a man murdered hundreds of years ago. The ghost is inactive now, barely discernible, though he must have been a lot stronger in the past to give this place its reputation."
"Very interesting, but not relevant. We know for sure there was someone in here today, so let's keep looking.
All we found on the ground floor was a contoured nest of filthy blankets in the back of what had been the pantry, now the most weatherproof room in the house. I squatted and reached for the revolting mess, hoping to get a good impression of what he looked like.
Tiona made a face and turned away. "Oh, I always hate putting my hands in disgusting stuff like that, and I never get very much out of it."
"That's because you think it's so disgusting that you can't open yourself like you need to. I still don't like doing it either but it's part of my job and I'm starting to get used to it."
"Just make sure you wash your hands before you eat." I nodded and she managed a weak smile.
I composed myself, opened up and thrust my hands into the squalid mess, getting a vague impression of a man with pale skin, who might have been thin, and his hair could have been dark. I felt him cowering from everyone and everything, but he thought he was brave and clever to hide in the haunted mansion, where no one dared to follow. I stood and told Tiona. "You were right, that doesn't feel like a killer, but if he was here to watch me the night I found Belita, he could have seen her and her killer the night before."
"So now he's a lost witness. Can you locate him?"
"Maybe. I'll give it a try."
I squatted by the funky bedroll and forced myself to touch it again, getting more intimate than I wanted to while I opened myself, trying to get a good impression of his location. I got only a hint of his direction, an image of paving stones, and a sense of haste. I pulled my hand back and shook my head. "Nothing definite, but I think he's still running, and there seems seems to be some kind of interference. I could get set up better and try again later, but he's gone for now."
Tiona squatted beside me. "I'll leave that decision up to Acastus, but I will make sure the locals send a cop here to stake out the house and wait for him to come back. And they can ask everybody in the area if they've seen anybody coming and going from here, but I doubt if they'll turn up much because this place is about as secluded as you can get inside the city."
"You're right about that, especially at night."
Tiona poked around a bit and found a couple of hairs which she put into a tiny envelope. "What do you hope to accomplish with those?"
She stood up and so did I. She said, "I hope to prove that the man who slept here killed Belita, and then I hope to use them to find him and bring him to justice, but even though that probably won't happen it might be a link in the chain. Back in Rome they've refined the spells to the point where any Wizard can get a positive ID with a single hair."
"How about skin cells, or nail clippings, or blood. I can trace a person with any of those."
"Sure you can, since they all contain a person's code, but those spells aren't as sensitive yet, so they require too large a sample to be useful in most cases. Maybe in ten or twenty years we can do a trace and ID from a single drop of blood or a tiny flake of skin, but we're not there yet. Remember, there is only one Wizard on the police staff in this entire city, and the Certified Magicians can't do half as much as you do without even trying. Come on, let's finish up and get out of here."
We climbed the creaky flight of stairs and searched the second floor. It was badly damaged by water coming through the leaky roof and as far as I could tell the only footprints disturbing the dust belonged to the police. 
We went back downstairs and searched the crawl space, finding dust, debris, and some animal nests. At the back, just inside the opening that led out to where the furnace used to be, I found a cache revealed by the removal of a chunk of the foundation that had cracked and could be pulled out.
Tiona squatted beside me.
"There's nothing in here," I said, reaching in and searching with my hand, "but whatever he took out was important enough for him to risk coming back for, rather than fleeing immediately when we showed up. It wasn't kept there for very long so I can't tell what it might have been."
Tiona reached into the space and held her hand there for a minute before she said, "It was an artifact charged with black magic. Feel how cold it is. That isn't natural."
I didn't feel the cold like she did but I sniffed my hand and detected the faint odor of putrescence that I always perceive in the presence of black magic. "So maybe the bum is a suspect. He finds an artifact, it makes him feel strong, he decides to get even."
"Could be. I'll be sure to mention that in my report."
"Maybe we should have chased him."
She shrugged. "Too late now. Show me the labyrinth."
We climbed out into the back yard facing the entrance to the labyrinth.
Tiona started right in. I wasn't too keen on the idea but I walked the entire path in with her. At the center we saw the hole where the body of Belita had been removed. Tiona could tell how uncomfortable it made me, and there wasn't much to see, so she didn't stay long. Walking the same route out had a calming effect, as labyrinths are reputed to do.
Before we split up we made a date for the evening.

Chapter 27
Tiona came knocking on the back door of my apartment so early the next morning the sky behind her was still dark when I answered the door. She wasn't nearly as loud as the police had been, but she was persistent enough to wake me up, and I had to admit she was a far more pleasant sight to open my sleepy eyes to.
 "Acastus sent me to fetch you," she told me as she entered. "The Skinner killed again,"
"The Skinner?"
She kept talking while I finished dressing. "That's what all the news bulletins started calling him after the second skinless body showed up. Less than an hour ago a third one was found in an alley a couple of blocks from the police station, but this time it's different. Starting about half a block away from the flayed victim we found pieces of human skin, looking old, like rotten leather, scattered along an erratic trail heading in a roughly western direction. A spell confirmed that the skin was from the victim."
"Sounds like his spell went wrong, or maybe it's just wearing out. Let me grab some breakfast." Army life had taught me not to let talk like this affect my appetite because I might not get another chance to eat for hours. There wasn't time to prepare anything so I grabbed what was left of a loaf of bread and the last of my salami.
The eastern sky glowed but the sun was still below the horizon and mist lingered in the streets. I prefer to reserve my morning twilight experiences to the winter months, when they were later, and the lack of traffic showed that the majority of the citizens of Agrippina shared my opinion.
A couple of blocks from my office we caught up with Acastus. Without referring to his notes he filled us in on the results of canvassing the neighborhood. "We haven't yet talked to anybody that saw anything helpful, but there were some unusual happenings. Anything unusual around a murder might be relevant. A few thin men with dark hair were observed in the area but nobody paid any particular attention to them. One woman, a low-class streetwalker, claims she was approached by a derelict who fit the description. She says she's seen him around the area before and thought he was harmless, but last night he had a wild look in his eyes and she didn't stick around to talk to him."
"That may have saved her life," I said, "but he hardly sounds like the same person who took Belita out of that nightclub."
"Maybe not, but if his mind came unhinged he would quit caring about his appearance or health and behave more and more erratically."
Tiona said, "And messing around with magic when you don't know what you're doing has unhinged many a mind when it backfires."
Acastus and I both nodded. He said, "I was afraid he was going crazy and would kill again soon. He has, very soon."
I said, "I thought the guy had to be crazy in the first place, and getting worse could explain his erratic behavior, but with Belita he was so careful that he wouldn't be interrupted, and he hid her body so it would never be found."
Acastus scratched his head. "You do have a point there, and to my knowledge he has never killed so soon again either, but that lends weight to the theory that he is losing his mind. We'll have to wait and see what shape he's in when we catch him. Which brings us to you, Berk. I have a spreading net of police searching the entire area but we don't even know exactly what we're looking for. We want to catch him fast. Can you help us?"
"I'll certainly try. Take me to the end of the trail and let me have a piece of that skin."
Acastus handed me an envelope and delegated the task of guiding us to a beat cop. I was quite familiar with this area so I didn't pay that much attention to him or our surroundings, concentrating instead on the piece of skin I took out of the envelope. The skin was desiccated, like something that you'd expect to get from an ancient Egyptian mummy.
Tiona, walking beside me, glanced at it, then did a double take. "Wow, it looks even older than it did barely an hour ago. It's a good thing Acastus sent a piece back to the station to be put in a stasis field."
"Yeah. I hope this piece lasts long enough." No matter how carefully I handled it the piece of skin crumbled to dust around the edges, but I had no trouble getting a strong impression, because while holding it in my hands I became sensitive to anything else tainted with the same spell. Minute particles of the skin, as small as dust motes, had fallen and mingled with the dirt of the city. Although too small to see individually, when spread along the street their accumulated mass made the killer's trail seem to glow.
The trail wandered back and forth across streets, mostly to the west, dipping into alleys and doubling back on itself. I barely noticed that Tiona and the cop had dropped back a couple of steps and were now just following me. The trail turned to the north, and then northeast, sticking to the least used streets and alleys. A block from Old Wall Street the last bit of the piece of skin I held crumbled into dust and blew away. I stopped.
"What's wrong?" Tiona asked. "Did you lose the connection?"
"Not quite. Even without that piece of skin I know where this trail is going." I pointed. "Right up that hill over there."
Tiona looked where I was pointing, at an old building that poked it's faded roof through a lingering pocket of mist,  then turned to the cop. "Tell Acastus to surround The Minotaur's Mansion. We think the killer is in there, but he's liable to bolt if he sees anybody coming. We'll move in a little closer to keep an eye on the place."
The cop nodded and hurried away to deliver the message.
I remembered how fast the tenant had vacated the mansion when Tiona and I showed up yesterday. She caught my eye, then quickly looked away. I said, "That probably was the killer we spooked when we were in there yesterday, and it was probably his magic knife he went back for."
Tiona nodded without looking at me. "We were that close to the killer and we didn't even see him. If we had gotten serious about tracking him down yesterday we could have prevented this last murder."
We walked on in silence for a few paces. I said, "Even if you're right we can't change what's already done. And I'm guiltier than you."
She reached over and squeezed my hand. I squeezed back and released her. It wouldn't do for a cop to be seen holding hands with a special consultant.
We stopped under a tree where we could keep an eye on the old house without being too obvious about it, and stay far enough away from the slaughterhouse to avoid the worst of the smell.
Acastus arrived a quarter of an hour later with more cops than I thought necessary, ordering them to surround the place without being seen, then wait for his signal before moving in. "I want him to stay in that house while I cast a sleep spell on the whole building."
It looked like Acastus just pulled a ring from his pocket, placed it on his right forefinger and pointed it at the house, but I knew his mind was directing a spell. Nothing visible happened for a minute or two but the man inside must have felt the spell start to take effect because he came bursting out of the front door with a makeshift spear in one hand and a long knife in the other.
Two cops with crossbows stood up and shot their bolts into him but he continued running at top speed straight for the gate. He threw his spear, nailing a cop, and pulled another knife out of his belt while cops converged on him. He slashed to the left and right and the two cops between him and the gate fell back, with their forearms bleeding.
Barely slowed down, he charged directly at me. I had my short knife in one hand and my weighted cudgel in the other, which gave me the advantage of reach, but I didn't feel adequately armed against a madman. I was more interested in staying out of his way and not getting stabbed or cut than I was in trying to stop him, but when I moved aside he changed course.
I swung my cudgel up and out, striking the underside of his wrist, knocking his arm aside and sending the knife flying from his senseless fingers. I reversed my swing and rapped him on the temple, but it was a short, weak blow that only staggered him. He slashed with the other knife, cutting through my shirt as I jumped back.
I kept him at bay with my cudgel in front of me for the few seconds it took a pair of cops to tackle him from behind. He fought furiously but more cops piled on until they pinned him to the ground and disarmed him.
Acastus hurried over. "Nice moves there. Are you alright?"
I pulled the edges of my cut shirt apart and checked my ribs. I saw only a thin red line a couple of inches long. It stung a bit when I touched it and but it had barely cut through the skin at the deepest point. "Yeah, I'm a bit shaky but it's just a scratch."
Acastus kicked at one of the knives laying there in the tall grass. "This isn't the murder weapon is it."
I shook my head. "Nothing like it."
"Let's go find it." I followed him into the old mansion. After the bright sunlight outside, the interior seemed dark and gloomy, but I didn't need my eyes for this search. I stood in the middle of the entrance hall, closed my eyes and visualized the knife as well as I could. It was a tenuous connection but  there was a powerful spell on the knife so I also searched for any magical artifact in the building, like I should have done yesterday.
I put myself into a light trance. Nothing definite came to me but I sensed that it was somewhere below me in the dark. I opened my eyes and saw Acastus watching me. I wondered how well he, as a wizard, could locate a magical artifact, but he didn't seem all that interested in trying. Maybe he already knew where it was. I said, "Let's look in the crawl space."
He nodded. We found a big hole in the floor, Acastus produced a bright light from his finger, and we jumped down into a space still full of cobwebs and dust.
I went to the cache I found yesterday, stopped and concentrated. I felt a slight pull to my right and moved that way, the pull got stronger and I followed it to a similar cache. I jammed the point of my knife into a narrow, barely visible crack but I pried too hard and the tip snapped off. I sighed once at the loss, then jammed the blade in further, twisting and prying. This time the piece moved, and once it started it came out easily.
The knife in the alcove gleamed so whitely I knew it couldn't be steel, and silver wouldn't hold a spell the way this knife had, so it had to be platinum, which was unusual for a knife, but would explain why I hadn't been able to tune in on it before. In my vision it had looked bronze, but that had been a trick of the light, and I could see now that the blade curved back almost into a half circle. I knew this was the knife. I didn't want to touch it because it had been used to kill many times, most recently only hours ago, and I didn't want to open myself to anything like that.
Acastus leaned close over me. "That's it, isn't it." He didn't want to touch it any more than I did.
"It sure is." I turned away. I was finished here, I'd done what I was hired to do.
"Thanks for your help." Acastus shook my hand heartily. I'll file the report as soon as I can and you can collect your fee next week."
"Next week?"
He shrugged. "The wheels turn slowly in any bureaucracy, but don't worry, you'll get all that you have coming."

Chapter 28
The front window of Silvina's store displayed a spectacular array of unusual items, from a two-handed broadsword and oriental swords in ornate scabbards, to jeweled daggers meant for women to hide in their bosoms. In this neighborhood a display that rich was a strong temptation to thieves but it didn't look like she'd been hit yet.
In the bottom corner of the window by the door I noticed a small sign, in bold black letters beneath a stylized set of bat wings, "Premises protected by Dark Wing Security." Another career for failed wizards which I had managed to avoid. Well, maybe it wasn't so different from what I was doing now but at least I was my own boss.
A bell rang overhead as I pushed the door open.
One side of the store held rows of shelves containing a full range of ordinary, utilitarian cutlery items but the other side was far more interesting. The long counter had a glass front and the wall behind it was covered with more dazzling hardware.
"May I help you?" A dusky woman, barely out of her teens, stood beside me, looking up at me.
"Yes, I need to replace my knife." I patted the sheath at my hip.
"We have a good selection of high-quality knives over here." She steered me toward a shelf on the mundane side of the store.
I looked over the selection on the shelf and said, "Yes, one of these will do." The knives all had six-inch blades, the legal limit in cities throughout the Republic, but the quality ranged from plain, utilitarian knives with cheap steel blades, to fancy, ornate hilts with engraved blades of highest-quality, tempered and hardened steel. I picked up one in the middle and checked the edge, but I wasn't satisfied and the hilt didn't feel right in my hand.
"Berk, is that you? I thought I heard your voice."
I replaced the knife and turned to watch Silvina make her entrance through a door in the back wall. Her black dress seemed, to me, a bit much for everyday wear in a store, but I appreciated the way it displayed her slender body. She knew I was watching and slightly exaggerated her moves as she walked toward me. I kept watching.
"Welcome to my store. Do you see anything you like?" She stopped with one hand on her hip and raised an eyebrow.
"Plenty." I let my eyes linger on her before I glanced at the display cases.
"I'll handle this, Mimi, you can take a break."
The young woman nodded and went into the back. Silvina waited until she was gone before saying, "So you need a knife?"
I nodded.
"This is one of my best."
She hilt of the knife she handed me was wrapped in silver wire and fit right into place in my hand, the blade slid smoothly out of the sheath, a fancy pattern twined down the back of the blade, the edge was razor sharp and the superb balance made me feel like I had a claw that was part of me, not a piece of steel held in my hand. "It's beautiful and I'd love to own it, but I'm afraid it's a bit out of my price range, and not entirely practical. Carrying a knife like this would make me a target in some places I have to go to." Reluctantly I handed it back to her.
As she replaced it a small dagger near it caught my eye. It was rather plain, with no jewels and only a simple leaf-pattern engraved near the hilt, but what made me look was the color, the same shiny, silvery-white metal as the knife I had found in the Minotaur's Mansion. I pointed. "Where did you get that?"
She shrugged. "It was part of the stock when I purchased the store." She lifted it out of its resting spot. "It's made of platinum alloy and the hollow handle is filled with quicksilver."
I knew the only reason to do something like that would be for performing a spell, but I asked her, "Why would anybody do that?" Platinum has female energy and quicksilver is associated with transformation and shapeshifting. I wondered if the knife we found in the Minotaur's Mansion had a hollow handle filled with quicksilver.
Silvina shrugged and handed the knife to me. "Magic, I guess, but you would know more about that than I would, and it doesn't even matter. Collectors don't buy knives like that to perform magic, they just like knives, especially knives with stories."
"Do you have a lot of customers like that?" The dagger had a fine balance but the weight felt abnormal in my hand and I sensed a long-dormant spell that was almost entirely depleted, but not quite gone. It had not been a nice spell.
"Not a lot, but enough to keep my store going." She waved in the direction of the mundane shelves. "Selling everyday items doesn't bring in nearly enough, but it's a knife store and people come in here expecting to purchase a knife they can afford."
"You're right about that." I handed the platinum blade back to her and she returned it to the shelf. "I just came in to replace this." I showed her my knife with the broken tip.
She frowned with mock severity. "That didn't happen during normal use."
I ventured a smile but I'm afraid it came out more as a lopsided grin. "Absolutely true, but I still need to replace it."
She led me to the shelf I had been at when she came in and selected a knife in a plain leather sheath. "This would be your best buy, nothing fancy, but the price is reasonable and the blade is high-grade steel that holds an edge. And it's hard to break." She smiled meaningfully at me.
In return I smiled with only one side of my face. "That could be handy."
"During normal use." Her fingertips brushed mine as she passed the knife to me and she watched me closely as I pulled it out of the stiff leather sheath and examined it.
"I heard The Skinner killed another woman last night."
She always seemed to hear a lot. Maybe because she was good at getting people to talk to her. "Why does everybody call him that?"
"Nobody knows who he is and the News Bulletins had to call him something. You know how they like to sensationalize." She cocked a hip and put a hand on it, distracting me. "I saw you out with the police early this morning. So tell me, was it The Skinner?"
I nodded. "That's the bad news." The knife was just as she said, fitting comfortably in my hand, and when I slashed and stabbed at the air it had a nice balance. "The good news is that we caught the bastard."
"Was he taken alive?" Her eyes held mine, eager for an answer.
I returned the knife to its sheath. "He took a couple of crossbow bolts but he's still alive."
She reached out and touched my forearm. "Who is he?"
I shrugged. "Nobody knows. He's just a crazy derelict with a magic knife."
"A magic knife?" Her eyes lit up. "I wonder what that would be worth to a collector." She grabbed my arm. "What happened to the knife?"
"The police have it in the evidence locker. I don't think it's for sale."
She smiled and patted my arm. "Of course not. But I can't stop thinking of business, and I'm allowed to dream. Do you like that knife?"
I nodded. We discussed the price which, though reasonable for a knife of that quality, was more than I wanted to spend, but it fit in my old sheath and she bought my broken blade, so I ended up paying less than I expected for a new knife.
"Why don't you come into the back room for a glass of wine? Mimi can mind the store."
The smoldering gaze she directed at me made it clear she wanted to do more than just drink wine. I had been trying not to respond when she touched me but now the room got warmer. I was already thirsty so I was tempted, but I was going to get together with Tiona tonight. "Thanks for the offer, but I have work to do. Maybe another day."
"Make it soon."
I nodded noncommittally and got out of there. I didn't really have any pressing work, but I thought about Orfeo's advice last week and it still made sense, so I took the opportunity to get away to the university and check out the law courses available. There were a few that didn't look too difficult and only had three, one-hour classes a week.
I took some brochures and entrance forms back to my office but just as I was about to start filling them out a young man came in and I put them aside on my desk, where other stuff got piled on top of them and I forgot they were there.
I calmed the young man down and learned that he was a newlywed looking for his wife, who had not been home when he arrived after work yesterday. He paid me my minimum of twenty talents, I checked out her home, obtained an inexpensive earring set with beads of agate, and tried to get an impression, but all I felt was a chill.
I had to tell him there wasn't a lot I could do, and he wasn't much reassured to learn that four other women had vanished just as thoroughly. There was no way to be certain but it felt to me like these five cases were all connected. And some of the other missing women in the city, even though I hadn't been hired to find them, were probably connected as well.

Chapter 29
A couple of days later the ringing of my office bell roused me from a pleasant sleep long before I was ready to get up, but ignoring the bell wasn't making it go away so I climbed out of bed. Even through my curtains I could tell that the sun was up, but at this time of year it already rises way too early for anybody but a farmer.
In my mind I drew on my soldier's vocabulary and strung together a series of obscenities in three languages to direct at the miscreant who dared to disturb my well-earned rest. My hours of operation were clearly written on a small sign by the bell rope, but there are lots of illiterates in the city and, to be honest, not nearly enough clocks.
I pulled on some pants and cursed my way down the stairs. "Come back when I'm open," I said as I whipped open the door.
"Is that any way to talk to your mother?" my mother asked without flinching.
"I'm sorry, I thought..."
"I was somebody else?" She gave me one of her irritating, little, I-know-you smirks.
I took a couple of deep breaths to unfluster myself before saying, "I thought you were somebody who was disturbing my sleep before office hours." I looked pointedly at the sign. "And I was right. Why can't you come by at a decent hour?" I reached up, untied the rope from the bell and retied it to the little metal frame the bell hung from. Let them pull on it until they got blisters. A yawn took me and the reach turned into a stretch.
She took the opportunity to slip past me into my office. "I wanted to make sure I got here before you took off somewhere."
"What did you lose this time?" I grabbed the last nectarine from the wooden bowl on my desk and bit into it. It was overripe and a bit mushy, but it changed the taste in my mouth.
"One of my diamond earrings. I lost it last night." She caught the look I couldn't stop from reaching my face. "No, it wasn't stolen. I'm sure of that."
While I ate the nectarine I made her give me exact details of every step she took on her way home. The earring could have fallen anywhere along her route, but this was exactly the sort of thing I was frequently hired to do. She gave me the twin of the missing earring, from which I got a good impression, but not good enough to locate it precisely without getting closer. I took it along on my search.
I followed her route on foot, with the earring in my hand. Traffic was still light this early so there wasn't a lot of interference and I was confident I could find the missing earring, even if it had been picked up from where it fell, or stolen.
I walked less than a block before I found the place where she had climbed into the carriage of her current beau, where the earring had fallen, landing in the dark, recessed doorway of a store that wasn't yet open this morning. The earring was gone but I could tell it hadn't gone far.
My talent guided me to a loading ramp in a nearby alley. I squatted to look into the cramped space under the ramp but saw nothing. I was about to crawl right in for a better look when something moved and I saw a skinny arm poke out from under a torn, filthy piece of canvas.
I took out my cudgel and rapped on the stairs. Canvas rustled as the kid under it awoke with a start, then froze.
"I know you're in there so you might as well come out."
A scruffy boy, just into his teens, started talking as he crawled out. "I didn't touch nothing. I just fell asleep. I won't come back."
"I don't care about that." He relaxed a bit but he still looked tense and ready to bolt and confusion was written all over his face. I stood in a relaxed stance, prepared to block him if he tried to run away. "I just want my mother's diamond earring."
His eyes widened in total surprise but he covered quickly with a typical street punk's automatic denial. "You're crazy. I don't have any diamonds."
"You'll have to learn how to lie better than that. I know that you do, six of them, set in a gold earring."
His high-pitched laughter was too loud and lasted a bit too long. "Where would I get something like that around here?"
I described the exact location where he had picked it up and that shook his resolve, though he tried not to show it. "So kid, the important question is, what do you intend to do with that earring?"
He realized the futility of further denial and switched to bravado, puffing up his chest and thrusting his face at me. "Alright, so I got it, but I found it fair and square. You can't make me give it to you."
That made me smile. I was nearly a head taller than him. I stared him down until we both knew I could make him give it to me, but I said, "Maybe I can't, but the question remains, what are you going to do with it?"
"I'll sell it."
"To who? Farris the Fence is a friend of mine and he knows the other fences. So tell me, who are you going to sell it to? Can you get rid of it before the police find you? We both know you found it honestly but will they believe a punk like you?" He glanced at the distant mouth of the alley like he might try to make a break for it so I eased off the pressure and gave him an out. I pulled out a couple of banknotes, probably more than he saw in a month. "Or you can turn it over to me from the goodness of your heart and I'll give you a cash reward for finding it."
He eyed the money for several seconds, weighing his options. "It's worth a lot more than that."
"You'll never get what it's worth. You might get more than this, or you might end up in jail, or dead if somebody decides to rob you. It's your choice." I rubbed the two banknotes together.
He scowled at me but said, "Alright, you can have it. Like you say, it would just get me into trouble anyway." He dug deep into the lumpy front pocket of his pants and extricated the earring. He passed it to me with one hand while he snatched the money with the other, then backed off a few steps.
It was my mother's missing earring and it appeared to be undamaged, but while I examined it he ran away before I could thank him. I found my way out of the alley into the fresh air and sunlight.
I went to Caracalla's and worked out in the gym for a couple of hours, soaked in a hot bath for a long while, then caught up on the latest stories on the News Bulletin boards. The arrest of The Skinner was still the big story, and though my name was mentioned only briefly, it was, I was pleased to note, in a favorable way.
After lunch the sun started me sweating before I got back to my office, where I found a woman waiting for me outside my door. "You are Berk?"
I nodded.
"You must find my petita."
"Your what?" I asked, trying in vain to imagine what it might look like.
"My daughter, my little Petita."
Oh, I thought, just a little bit disappointed. She had thoughtfully brought along a lock of her daughter's hair, thus saving me some travel time. I  spent an hour or two doing what I usually do but little Petita had disappeared as completely as the other young women. If I hadn't just found my mother's earring with minimal effort I would be worrying that my talent was deserting me, but I didn't know what else it could be, and that worried me.
I returned to my office and spread out my city map on my desk. On it I marked Petita's home, where she worked, and where she was last seen, then I did the same for the five other missing women I had been hired to find. They all lived in Old City, they all worked near where they lived, and they usually disappeared on their way home after dark, all within a quarter-mile radius, but it was the most densely populated part of the city, containing an awful lot of buildings, most of them full of people.
Frustrated, I put the map away.

Chapter 30
"Did you hear what happened to Renzo?" Tiona asked me as I gazed across the restaurant table at her.
We hadn't seen each other for a couple of days, but today we had time for dinner, conversation, and sex afterward, although thinking about the sex ahead had distracted me from my dinner and the current topic of her conversation. "Who?"
"The Skinner. The killer with the magic knife." She patted the back of my hand. "The one who brought us together again."
"Oh, him. Did a fellow prisoner kill him? That would relieve the state of the cost of his trial, incarceration and execution."
"How very convenient that would be, but that's not how it happened."
I speared my last chunk of steak and chewed on it. She kept watching and waiting until I broke down and asked, "How did it happen?"
"Nobody knows."
I winced and she flashed me a smile that disappeared before she spoke. "His skin dissolved right off him and his flesh decayed at an accelerated rate."
"That doesn't sound like any kind of poison I've ever heard of so it must be some malignant magic, maybe the dark magic on that knife affecting his body as badly as it did his mind."
"That's quite possible, but it would take a Dark Wizard at the very least to produce an artifact with the potency of that knife. To protect himself that wizard might have done something to Renzo to prevent him from talking. We don't know what he was like before, but he was certainly a long way from sane when he was brought in. He had a week-old stab wound in one leg, apparently from his own knife."
"That could be a turning point, when the magic starting going awry and he lost control. From there he went downhill fast."
Tiona nodded. "He confessed to killing a dozen women but his stories were disjointed, fragmented, sometimes even contradictory. The only thing we're sure of is that he did kill several women, but we never figured out how many, where they were, or how long ago. Scars on his head suggest he was severely beaten in the past, perhaps badly enough to cause brain damage. That may be what triggered his homicidal urges, but we'll never know where he got the knife or why he felt compelled to kill the way he did. He died before the interrogators even started the heavy questioning."
I didn't want to know what "heavy questioning" entailed. "So how do you know it was actually Renzo that skinned those women?"
"His last night was pieced together from the accounts of about twenty witnesses, though most of them didn't see much, and those who did were reluctant to talk because they didn't expect to be believed, but their stories, incredible as they were, corroborated each other. Several witnesses saw him holding a strange white knife, and a few saw him drag the victim into the alley where she was raped."
She leaned forward with a look so intent that I swallowed and leaned toward her. She looked around to make sure no one was paying attention to us before she continued in a low voice. "This is where it starts to get weird. Two independent witnesses happened to be awake at two o'clock in the morning, they both happened to look out and see Renzo raping the woman, and they both say the knife skinned her." She sat back. "Does that make sense to you?" She looked like she expected me to say no.
"Sure it does. It's exactly the vision I saw when I first touched Belita's corpse."
She leaned forward again. "This is the really weird part. They say the woman's skin wrapped around Renzo and he became a woman. They saw him, or her now, put on the victim's clothes and leave. Apparently he, now a she, went around having sex with a variety of unsavory street people for a couple of hours, then passed out in an alley, woke up and snuck home."
"So you're really only sure that he killed the last woman?"
"Well, yes, but we're fairly certain he was responsible for the murder a couple of days before, and he was in possession of the weapon that killed Belita. That would have been enough to convict him in court if he had survived. All three cases are officially marked closed."
I took a deep breath. "So, now that The Skinner has been caught and dealt with, how much longer are you staying in Agrippina?"
Tiona said, "Another week at most. There's still lots of work to do in Agrippina, but that's for the local police to handle. Acastus is part of a task force to investigate the increasing number of young women disappearing all over the Republic so we have to move on to the next assigned city."
"Only a week? That doesn't give us much time. We better quit talking business and get down to the serious task of having some fun."
We danced, we drank too much, and we stayed up too late, making love for hours. She got up early because she had to go to work and I got up with her, but after she left I put my head on my arms on my desk and fell asleep.
My office door opened and I sat up before I woke up.
A woman poked her head in, I nodded, and she stepped all the way in, closing the door softly behind her, for which I was grateful because it shut out a lot of sunlight. I rubbed my eyes and took another look at her, saw the faded dress, the limp hair, and the desperation in her eyes, and recognized the type, another mother with no money. I wished for more blondes in blue dresses, preferably rich, missing a favorite trinket that had fallen in an inconvenient spot, and after I found it they would give me a special payment to show how grateful they could be.
"You've got to help me." With a start I turned my attention back to my present client. "She's been gone two days now and I just know something terrible has happened to her."
They all said that. "Who is she?"
"My daughter, of course."
Of course. Had she told me that while I was daydreaming? "Do you have any money?" I sort of hoped she didn't because she looked so bedraggled I'd feel bad taking it from her, but she dug out a ten-talent note and extended it to me. I hesitated for a bit too long before I reached out and took it, thinking that I needed to post my minimum in a prominent spot so I wouldn't be taken advantage of anymore. I seemed to be developing a soft spot for mothers with missing daughters. For the pittance she was paying me I felt like making her walk home to get me that personal item, but the missing girl's home was the best place to get a good impression and start looking, so I had to go there anyhow. The sun looked awfully bright out there but I heaved myself out of my chair and got ready for some legwork.
This mother was less talkative than most, answering all my questions but volunteering nothing. She lived in a wooden hovel attached to the side of a stone building and I could see how her daughter would be glad to get out of there. I got the feeling the girl had run away at least once before.
I waited outside the door, trying to ignore the smell of unwashed bodies and foreign cooking, until the mother came out with an earring, a cheap piece of costume jewelry the girl had liked to wear. As soon as I touched it I felt a strong resonance; she was definitely alive, and close, but I couldn't pinpoint her location.
I got the names of a few acquaintances from her mother, then went out to check the neighborhood. Nobody wanted to talk to me about her, and the little I did get was probably untrue, meant to mislead me. Fortunately I didn't have to rely on what people told me. As I went along I kept touching the earring, rubbing the smooth metal where it had touched her skin. Though my impression remained vague I could tell when I was getting closer and I narrowed the area to a hundred yard radius.
Looking up and down the street at the rows of dingy apartment houses, crammed together, four, sometimes five stories high, I rubbed the earring again and that's when it hit me and I looked up. Chances were she was in a cheap tenement on an upper floor of one of these buildings.
With that focus in mind I walked up and down the streets until I thought I knew which building she was in. There was no security of any sort so I just walked in and climbed the stairs. If I was in the wrong building I would be climbing a lot of stairs for nothing.
Spices from last night's dinners hung thick in the hot air, mingling with less pleasant smells. I reached the top floor, touched the earring, then walked to the door all the way at the back, the floor creaking at every step, and knocked.
A young man, dressed only in trousers, opened the door about a foot and stared at me. I stared right back for three seconds just because, then said, "I want to talk to Verda."
"She's not here."
"If that was true I wouldn't be here."
He frowned as he tried to work out a reply to that. A girl's voice called out, "Who is it? Can't you get rid of him?"
He turned his head, speaking over his shoulder, "Just some jerk that wants to talk to you."
"So I'll talk to him." She pulled the door open wide and stood there, still adjusting her dress. She looked me up and down. "Who are you and what do you want?"
I ignored her first question. "Your mother hired me to find you."
"Why doesn't that meddlesome bitch just leave me alone?"
"Because she's worried about you. Women all over the city have been dying and disappearing for weeks and she thought you were one of them."
"Well you can tell her I'm fine and she can stop worrying."
I didn't like her attitude, so when I smiled it wasn't because I was feeling friendly. I had been experiencing a lot of frustration lately, what with all those women out there I was unable to find, yet here was one I had found. I intended to deliver. "I'm afraid that's not good enough. I must insist that you accompany me back to her so you can tell her yourself."
Her boyfriend, nearly as tall as me but packed with much  more muscle, chose this moment to intervene. "You better just leave now," he said, coming at me, trying to push me with both hands. I sidestepped, grabbed his arm and yanked it down and behind him while twisting his wrist in a way it wasn't meant to go, placing him in a simple but effective arm bar. He was bent at the waist, with his arm straight back. I set my other hand on his shoulder and steered his head into the wall. When he bounced off I pushed him away and gave him a spin. Arms flailing, he stumbled and fell.
I said, "You better stay out of this or I'll be forced to hurt you." He glared at me but he stayed down, already hurting and not wanting more. I turned to the girl. "Are you going to come peacefully or do I have to drag you kicking and screaming? Or should I just knock you out and carry you?"
The look in her eyes could have boiled water but she said, "I'll go quietly, but you can't make me stay with her."
I held up my hands. "That's fine with me. She paid me to find you and that's what I've done, I just need you to come along as proof."
"Give me a minute to finish dressing."
I nodded and waited. The boyfriend got up and edged past me into his apartment. When he tried to close the door I blocked it with my foot. He caught on and left it open.
Of course she took longer than a minute, but she was fast enough that I didn't complain, and her mother's apartment was only a few blocks away. Not counting walking time from my office I had spent barely half an hour on the case, which meant I had already been paid in full, so when I delivered Verda to her mother I left quickly to let them settle their differences. Their hostile attitudes to each other made this a less than satisfactory conclusion, but it felt good to me because I'd actually found the missing girl, making it a vindication of sorts, assuring me my talent still worked.
Back at my office I got out all the items I had acquired from the missing women and arranged them on my desk, handling every one in turn, but I didn't pick up a single hint of a useful impression from any of them.
When I did a low-intensity five elements spell on them, and handled each one again, all I saw was more of nothing, but it was the same nothing for each of them, and that's when I realized the nothing I thought I was seeing was actually darkness. It was a subtle distinction and I sensed it's importance, but the instant I turned my attention to it to get a better impression I lost it.
I was still being blocked. My first lead and it was useless. Darkness could be practically anywhere and it revealed nothing.
As a bonus I got a headache.
I sat around the office, I did some reading (I was up to book 71, halfway through Livy's history of Rome). I worked out in the gym, sweated in the sauna and soaked in the baths. I didn't feel guilty about not working on the cases, but it did bother me that there was nothing more I could do.
I had a few people come in to have me find lost items. They went out as happy customers, raving about what was, to me, an increasingly routine matter.
One woman came in with something different. She started off even more distraught than any of the other mothers but in a few minutes I realized the girl she described was only six years old, far too young to fit the target profile of the mysterious kidnappers, and I didn't think even a sexual predator could be twisted enough to go after an undeveloped girl.
Like the other missing girls, my talent didn't pick up on her, but I found her by starting where she was last seen and searching physically until I got close enough for my talent to function. She had crawled into an abandoned basement and fallen into a metal barrel, which dampened most of my sensitivity.
That got me to thinking. Could all the other missing women be hidden in a similar way? It seemed odd that so many women could vanish without a trace, but even though I couldn't think of any place that had a metal container large enough to hide that many women there are other ways to block my perception, if you know some magic. Most likely dark magic.

Chapter 31
The next day I tried to spend some time on each of the six missing women I was paid to look for, but at the end of the day I still had no leads on any of them. Even though I wasn't being paid my regular rate I would have done even more, just to fill the time, if only I could think of something to do.
After Tiona departed that evening, leaving me sated but restless, I went to Caracalla's for a bath. Afterwards I wandered the streets for a while before I stepped into a tavern at random to have a few beers.
I headed for an empty table near the back but just as I arrived somebody got up from the adjacent table, staggered, and stepped directly in front of me. The collision stopped me in my tracks but unbalanced the other guy in the opposite direction but I grabbed his sleeve and pulled him back to a vertical position.
"Thanks for the save buddy. I didn't see you coming."
"Think nothing of it." I slowly relinquished my hold and he stood on his own.
His bleary eyes focused and I saw recognition dawn in them. "Berk? Is that you, old buddy?"
"Yeah," I replied, with considerably less enthusiasm. "What are you up to these days, Lars?" We had both been in the same company for much of our stint, and we both had blond hair, but he was rather slow and he had a mean streak, so I had never considered him a buddy, although he thought we had a bond.
"Not a lot. I'm between jobs right now," and without pausing for breath he added, "Can you buy me a beer?"
I'd heard that line often enough, but it was better than drinking alone so I smiled and said, "Yeah, sure. Join me."
"Right. But first I gotta take care of some business."
While he headed out the back door I sat on the wooden bench and signaled for a couple of beers. The waitress delivered them and my eyes followed her as she walked away.
"She's a looker, ain't she?" Lars said from right behind me, making me start. He could move pretty quietly for a big drunk guy.
"Sure is. She has all the right curves in all the right places."
Lars was drunk enough to laugh at my joke as he sat down across from me. "I hope she stays on for longer than the last few."
"What do you mean?"
"I've been a regular here for a few months and it seems that every couple of weeks they're getting a new girl."
"That's not so unusual is it?" Places like this changed staff frequently, but on the other hand I already knew about several women who had disappeared, and I was sure there were a lot more, including some that nobody knew were missing, so, over the next few beers, Lars managed to convince me that this last girl's disappearance was more than a little bit suspicious. He did use repetition more than logic, but my consumption of beer made his argument more effective.
"Two women from this same establishment disappeared without a trace, two weeks apart to the day. To the day." He emphasized the last point by tapping his finger on the table in time to the words. He paused to swig from his mug, then leaned forward to deliver the coup de grace. "And do you know what day it is today?"
"Two weeks to the day." He had already mentioned that. About four times that I could remember.
He nodded once, but he did it slow enough that I didn't miss it. "Look at her, she's beautiful. We can't let anything happen to her."
She really was beautiful, more so than I remembered when I arrived. I must not have been paying proper attention. "You're right, we have to rescue her." I got up.
"But she doesn't need rescuing yet. This place doesn't close for another hour."
"You're right." I sat back down.
Over our next beer we came up with a plan, and that's how I ended up with Lars after closing time, sitting in a dark doorway across the street and a few buildings down from the tavern. Plans made while drunk generally have a few flaws in them and ours was no exception. "Are you sure she'll come this way?"
He hesitated before he answered. "Yes, now keep quiet or you'll scare them away."
He was right into this hero thing, rescuing the maiden and all, but I was beginning to think I was wasting my time tonight, staying only because we had waited this long, and he was so certain. While I was in the army I learned how to remain motionless and keep quiet, but that was when I was sober and under the threat of harsh discipline, so as the cold penetrated my clothes I began to wonder why I had agreed to do this. Lars fidgeted even more than I did but he stayed alert.
There were no streetlamps on this street and the lights in most of the buildings had been put out, but the moon, only a couple of days short of full, had already climbed high enough to shine down into the street, illuminating one side but leaving the other in shadow that much darker by contrast. On the shadowed side of the street a dim lantern flickered above the entrance of the tavern, barely illuminating the door. The last customers emerged and staggered away, never noticing us, and there was nobody else on the block to take any interest in their departure.
"She's not coming out," I said.
"Yeah, you're right. Maybe she has to help clean up before she goes."
"Great. That could take half the night."
"You're right. We should have brought some beer."
I couldn't argue with logic like that, but it was too late to do anything about it so we subsided into silence. The lamp above the tavern door exhausted its supply of fuel and died. If I wasn't so chilled I could have fallen asleep.
The door finally opened, letting out more light than the grimy windows allowed to escape, and the girl came out. I nudged Lars and he grunted. The girl glanced our way but gave no sign she had seen us, then crossed the street at an angle that took her past us. As I stood up I realized that in order to be close enough to help her if she got in trouble we would need to be so close we would be scaring her more than any kidnappers would.
Lars on the other hand, hadn't thought it through but we couldn't talk now. He started following about fifteen paces behind her so I stayed right beside him, hoping she wouldn't turn around and scream, wondering how such a foolish plan could hope to succeed, more certain than ever that we were wasting our time. Well, it hadn't been a total waste because I did still have a nice buzz from the beer.
Without warning the girl let out a little cry and disappeared from sight right in front of us. Lars stopped dead in his tracks but I ran past him to where she had been, just in time to hear the door slam behind her. When I tried it the door was already locked. A quick look at the front of the building showed me a couple of small windows with bars on them, and a glow of candle light behind glass too grimy to reveal anything more.
I delivered a swift kick to the door right beside the latch and something cracked. I kicked again and felt it give a little. The third time I kicked Lars rammed the door with his shoulder at the same time and it slammed open.
Across the empty, dusty room, lit by a single candle burning on a small table, four men looked up from trying to gag the girl, tie her, and wrap her in a cloak.
One of them said, "It's that big blonde asshole again." He dropped everything he was doing and ran out the back.
A pair of them drew knives and came at us. I whipped out my cudgel and adopted a defensive posture. My assailant slashed at me with his knife but I stepped back and the tip of the blade missed my chest by four inches. Before he could start his backslash I conked him on the elbow with my cudgel, he dropped his knife, I rammed the end of my cudgel into his stomach and his breath whooshed out. I was about to finish him with a conk to the skull but a startled grunt from Lars drew my attention.
Lars had managed to grab the other man's knife hand and they were locked in a stalemate. I swung at the back of his assailant's head but I was shoved and my blow fell on his shoulder instead.
A punch rocked my head and I swung blindly but hit nothing. By the time my head cleared Lars and I were alone with the girl, who was sitting up and looking at us with wide eyes. "You're safe now," Lars said to her, pressing his hand to his side.
I ran through the door the kidnappers had left open, emerging into an alley in time to see their fleeing figures silhouetted against the light from the street. They outnumbered me and they had a considerable lead but I took off after them anyhow.
They reached the street and disappeared from sight. I heard horseshoes on cobblestones and a cab clattered away. By the time I reached the end of the alley all I could see in the distance in the dim light was an ordinary cab.
So I hadn't caught them tonight but at least now I knew how the kidnappers were moving their victims without being seen.
I rejoined Lars and the girl, who were walking toward me. He still had his hand pressed to his side. "Let me take a look at that wound," I said. It was a shallow gash along a rib, painful and bloody but not too serious. "You better get that tended to. I'll take the young lady home."
He agreed. We exited the alley and split up. About half a block later the girl recovered from her shock and started gushing.
"Oh thank you so much. You saved my life. When they grabbed me I thought for sure I was done for. You were both so brave."
"Yeah, right." Sure we had saved her, but I'd have to say there was more luck than intelligence or bravery involved. Considering how drunk we were, and how poorly executed our plan had been, we were lucky to have escaped with one minor wound.
I delivered her to her home. She thanked me profusely and gave me a big kiss and invited me inside. If I had been drunker and less somber I might have accepted her offer, but the casual lust I felt for her young body was nothing compared to my feelings for Tiona. I just wanted to go home and crawl into my own bed.
When I unlocked my office door for business the next morning I looked out through the little round window and saw a man standing outside, clutching a piece of pasteboard and looking at my number. As I opened the door it was like he was swept in by the draft.
He seized my hand and pumped it. "Berk, I'm so glad I found you," he said, stowing the card.
I liked him a lot but I wasn't so sure I was glad to see him because I recognized him as the father of Jayna, the woman I had rescued a week and a half ago. I couldn't think of a good reason for him to be here.
Sure enough he said, "It's Jayna. She didn't come home last night."
I winced. "I'll see what I can do." I asked him a few questions but, as I feared, the answers didn't help much. Just like the other cases I was working on, nobody had seen anything. They just disappeared. When I explained that I needed a personal item that was close to her he insisted we take a cab back to his place.
During the ride I counted clients in my head, then said, "I've had a five mothers and a newlywed husband come to me in the last couple of weeks but why are you the first father?"
He answered right away. "Rich fathers will spend whatever it takes to get their girls back, but it's the poor girls who have been disappearing so no one has noticed. Desperate mothers will try anything."
I nodded in satisfaction at that explanation, but I was troubled by the thought of all those mothers out there with missing daughters and no one to turn to for help.
He paid me for a whole day to start with, but it only took me a couple of hours to come up blank like I had with the others. Last night I had saved one girl, but somewhere else the same night they took another woman I'd saved before. It wasn't fair. I swore at the futility of it all and kicked at a chunk of old mortar that had fallen from a building. It skittered across the cobblestones and shattered against a brick wall. 

Chapter 32
When a woman came into my office soon after I opened for the day I could tell at a glance, before she spoke a single word, that she was another distraught mother, but even though the story was familiar this woman paid me up front for the whole day, and she must have talked to a previous client because she already had an earring from her daughter, Mangena. As soon as she put it in my hand I felt a connection, and a sense of urgency.
I stood up. "I have to go now." I grabbed her by the arm and hustled her to the door.
"What are you doing?" she asked, but she put up only a token resistance.
"I'm going to find your daughter." I knew I was being impolite, and I thought once again that it might be worth getting a receptionist, but I didn't have time for any of that right now. "My talent tells me your daughter is still alive, and if I move fast enough now I might be able to save her."
She blinked at me without full comprehension, but she stepped outside and let me lock the door behind me. "Do you know where she is?"
"Not exactly, but this earring will guide me to her." I left her standing by my office door and ran down to Knife Avenue, where I waved frantically with both arms to flag a cab, leaping onto the seat beside the driver while he was still braking.
"Hey, buddy, this isn't legal, you know."
"Just go," I told him, "and I'll pay you enough to make it worth your while to hurry." I flashed him some bills to let him know I could back it up.
"You got it buddy. Where do you want to get to so fast?"
"I'm not sure." The look he gave me made me realize how crazy that sounded. I still had Mangena's earring in my hand so the direction remained clear to me. "That way." I pointed a bit to the west of south.
It was impractical and unsafe to travel as fast as I wanted on the crowded streets but the cabby made pretty good time. There were a few places where I felt like I could have made better time walking but the sense of urgency hadn't increased so I let the cabby control the pace to avoid hitting something or somebody.
I spotted the house in a stretch of narrow, two-story houses, so close together they were almost touching. I had never seen it before but as soon as we drove past it my talent pointed back. I alerted the cabby and he pulled to the curb a few houses down from my target. I put the girl's earring in my pocket because I didn't need it anymore, and paid the cabby enough to make him happy.
The old house still looked solid but the stucco was streaked and cracked, the tiny front yard barely accommodated the flight of eight steps that led up to the front door, and there was just enough space between neighboring buildings for a narrow path on each side.
Now that I was here I realized I had concentrated so hard on finding the place that I hadn't thought about what to do when I got here. I paused on the sidewalk in bright sunlight, running options through my head, trying to come up with a better plan than knocking on the door and asking for Mangena.
"Excuse me, sir, but you can't go in there."
I whirled around at the sound of the voice, certain that I was busted, and sure enough I saw the brown and red tunic of the police, but when I saw who it was I let out a laugh of relief. "Acastus, Tiona, you just scared a year off my life. Where on earth did you come from?"
They both smiled but neither laughed. Acastus, keeping his voice low, said, "We were questioning the neighbors when we saw you arrive. Why do you want to go in there anyhow?"
"Why do you care if I do?"
The last trace of smile vanished from his face and he lowered his voice even more. "Because it will interfere with our investigation. We're tracking a serial killer and we think he's in this house."
"Oh." After that exclamation I kept my voice down too. "That doesn't sound good for my client. So why aren't you going in?"
"We still aren't certain and we've just now gathered enough information to get a search warrant. I was about to leave Tiona on stakeout while I went back to take care of the paperwork."
"Fine, go ahead and do that, or you can both wait here until I come out, but I'm going in now. Either help me, ignore me, or try to arrest me."
Tiona laid her hand on my arm to soothe me. "What's wrong?"
I hadn't realized I needed soothing. "A woman came to me about half an hour ago, another mother with a missing daughter. When she gave me one of the girl's earrings I felt a connection right away and followed it here. She's in this house right now, and if you think he's a serial killer you probably know more about what he's doing to her than I do, but I'm pretty sure it isn't good."
Tiona nodded to me and looked to Acastus, who shrugged. "I'll tell him we just want to ask him a few questions. We don't need a warrant if he invites us in, and if I hear someone call for help I have to investigate."
We ascended the steps to the front door. Acastus knocked. About a minute later the door opened and Acastus flashed his badge. An extremely handsome man glanced at the badge, then I watched his eyes travel up and down the length of Tiona. He barely even noticed me standing behind them, which was just as well. This was one of those times when it paid to be invisible.
Acastus said, "There have been some suspicious activities going on around here at night and we're questioning everybody in the neighborhood. Do you mind if we come in for a few minutes?"
He invited us in like any normal, law-abiding citizen would do, and with considerably more grace than I would have mustered. The man looked so totally innocent that if it wasn't for my talent telling me the missing girl was somewhere in the back of his house I would have believed him when he said there was nobody else in the house.
While Acastus kept him talking and Tiona distracted him, I casually worked my way behind him and slipped away. When I reached into my pocket and touched the girl's earring I could place her exactly with reference to myself, but I had to use doors to get through the walls.
I went into what looked like a spare bedroom and my talent led me to the back wall of the closet. Because I knew it had to be there it took me less than a minute to find the catch. A narrow door swung away from me and the smell of stale sweat and sex poured out. Enough light spilled in past me to show a nude, young woman, tightly gagged, with her wrists and ankles securely tied to the corners of the narrow cot she lay on. Her bright eyes fastened on me and she whimpered and squirmed.
"It's okay, Mangena," I said, "I'm here to rescue you." She relaxed when I mentioned her name and she saw that I wasn't her tormentor.
She was covered with bruises. I pulled out my knife, went down on one knee beside her and cut the cloth strips binding her hands. While I cut her feet loose she pulled with clumsy fingers at the gag in her mouth and asked in a dry whisper, "Are you a cop?"
"No, but there are two of them talking to the guy at the front door. Let's go see them."
She pulled the blanket off the cot to wrap herself in but I yanked a clean one from the bed in the outer room and gave it to her instead.
"What about Colon?"
I assumed she meant the guy who owned the house. "What about him? We outnumber him four to one and he's not expecting you to come out, but we better hurry."
She didn't have much feeling or strength in her legs so I had to support her as we walked to the front of the house. Colon's voice rose and I heard him say, "Don't give me any more crap, I know you cops are up to something. Where is that other guy?"
"I went to get a drink," I said as I stepped into the room. He whirled around and fixed me with a glare, which died like a snuffed candle the instant the girl stepped into view.
He spun around and the back of his fist smashed into the side of Acastus's face, sending him staggering back a couple of steps while Colon made to dash past him to the door. Tiona managed to snag his shirt and slow him down, but the shirt started to tear so she punched him in the kidneys and he turned around to fight her but she was ready. She blocked a couple of his clumsy punches, then kicked him in the balls, kneed him in the face, and punched him in the solar plexus, dropping him like a sack of shit, with not even enough breath left in him to moan.
Tiona pinned his face to the floor with a knee across the back of his neck while she tied his hands together behind his back.
We had saved the girl from a horrifying experience but now that it was over I realized I hadn't even waited long enough to find out her mother's name. She had a big refund coming to her, but I had no idea who she was or where to find her. Oh well, she knew how to get in touch with me.
And I could appreciate the irony; of all the women who had come to my office begging me to find their daughters, she was the only one who actually had enough money to hire me for a full day, but I found her daughter in less than two hours.
I accompanied Tiona and Acastus to the police station. Mangena was taken away for comforting, clothing and questioning. After Acastus signed all the forms I said, "Let's go and get a beer."
"Never mind the beer," Tiona said, "let's get some brandy. I know a fancy place where you probably don't hang out very often." She nudged me with an elbow.
"If it's anywhere near here, chances are you're right. Are you joining us Acastus?"
"I would love to but we're leaving tomorrow afternoon and I have a deskful of paperwork to take care of today." He looked sternly at Tiona. "Don't get drunk, and make sure you're back within the hour."
The place looked expensive from a block away, with white marble statues and columns, but it could afford to be, this close to the police station. Curtains and hanging plants made it cool and pleasant inside.
"What was that Acastus said about you two leaving tomorrow? You didn't mention anything to me." We had both known the day was coming but why did it have to be so soon?
"I just found out myself." She looked up to meet my eyes. "We've done just about all we can in Agrippina so local forces will have to take over when we're gone. There are other cities in the Republic that need us worse."
  "Yeah." I knew she was right but I didn't have to like it. I had not forgotten her during the years we were apart, but I had learned to live without her, and now I would have to learn that all over again, but it would be a lot harder this time. I squeezed her hand and she squeezed back even harder.
To avoid the painful subject we talked about recent cases, new forensic techniques, and happy school memories.
Tiona picked up her brandy glass and threw the last few drops down her throat, then followed it with a drink of water. "It's getting late. I better get going."
I walked her back to the police station, where she stopped at the bottom of the steps and turned to face me. Cops passed by with only casual glances at us.
She was tough and sexy, and she loved me, but she was committed to her life as a cop and a Wizard. I realized we had been staring into each other's eyes for nearly a minute, with the sexual tension increasing every second. With a jerk she turned away.
"I have to go now."
"Me too. We should get together again before you leave town."
She smiled and her eyes were full of promise. "Count on it."
I felt like grabbing her and kissing her right there but we were in the wrong place to start that. "I better go now." It took me another second or two before I could turn and walk away. When I looked back she smiled and waved at me, then started up the steps.
Mangena's mother showed up that afternoon to thank me and settle her account. I waited all evening but Tiona didn't show up.

Chapter 33
The next morning I got a note from Tiona. "I'm sorry about last night but I had to put in a double shift. I dropped this note off on the way to work because I'll be busy all morning, but I started early so I could have one last lunch with you. I don't think we'll have time to eat much."
I grinned to myself. It didn't take much to read between those lines. I cleaned up my apartment and lit a scented candle, did some paperwork, puttered around the office, and it was still more than an hour before noon. Maybe she would be early.
I heard the door opening and looked up in anticipation but it was my mother who entered. She scowled when she read the disappointment on my face, marched across the room and stood in front of my desk without saying anything. I'm sure she was sending me a message mentally but I wasn't getting it, so I fell back on the old standby. "What did you lose this time?"
She rolled her eyes and flicked her earlobe with her forefinger.
She lost an earring, I thought, and then I remembered. "Your diamond earrings. Yes, yes, I found the missing one the same morning you came in, but I forgot all about them until now."
Finally she spoke. "Well I kind of forgot about them too, until this morning, when I decided I wanted to wear them tonight when I go out."
I leaned back in my chair and looked up at the ceiling, trying to remember where they were. "Upstairs, somewhere in my apartment."
She snickered. "You didn't lose them, did you?"
I laughed with her. "No, I just need to remember where I put them when I took them out of my pocket that day. Or maybe it was the next day. Excuse me for a few minutes." I headed for the stairs and she sat down in my chair.
Apparently my talent thought I should know where the earrings were and refused to help me. The few minutes stretched out to more like a quarter of an hour. When I finally made my way downstairs I heard voices, and back in my office I found Tiona talking to my mother, but neither of them noticed me because Tiona was right in my mother's face.
"Why don't you back off. Berk swore to me he would never tell anybody what he did for me but I didn't, so I'm telling you now, but only because you've forced me to, and you better not spread it around either."
My mother took a step back. "What in the name of Gaia are you talking about?"
Tiona took a deep breath and when she continued she had her emotions almost under control. "You're always getting on his case because he didn't become a Wizard. So what if he didn't? He's still a Certified Magician, with a natural talent that puts some wizards to shame. You're always putting him down because you think he wasn't good enough, but you're wrong. He did make the grade but he relinquished his position for me because I missed by one."
Tiona saw me then and her eyes dared me to defy her.
My mother saw Tiona's gaze shift and also turned to me, her face pinched, her eyes intense. "Is that true?"
I met her gaze and my heart beat faster and my palms got sweaty but I managed to keep my voice casual. "Mostly. I mean, I did do it, but I did it mostly for myself. When Tiona told me she would only be elevated if someone died or dropped out it made my decision easier, but I did it because it's what I wanted to do."
"But you threw your future away."
I laughed aloud at that. "No, I just chose a different future. And I don't regret it."
"But you could have become a Master."
I shrugged.
"You could've had a big fat government salary instead of eking out a living in this puny office."
I shook my head. "Working for the government isn't for me. I've told you that before, and for your information, this puny office brings in lots of money."
"But it's so dangerous."
"At least I'm not selling love potions from a street cart and sleeping in an alley."
My mother put up her hands and backed up a few steps. "You're right, I'm sorry, it's your life to live. You're doing good at what you chose to do and I should be proud of you. I am proud of you."
"Thank you. Here are your earrings." My voice was tense, my movements abrupt.
"Thank you. I'm sorry. I didn't come here to upset you. I came to tell you that I'm seeing a man you would approve of, a good man."
"Well good for you." Half an hour ago I would have meant it. "Go ahead and enjoy your man but I'm sure I don't want to meet him."
"You already have."
"I really don't want to hear about him right now."
"Very well." She walked to the door. "Do stop in for lunch soon."
As soon as my mother was gone Tiona wrapped her arms around me and pulled me close. "I thought she would never go." Our lips met and stayed together for a long kiss.
I pulled away and said, "I'll get the door."
As I reached for the bolt Tiona said, "Oh no." I saw her looking out the window so I peeked through the little round window in the door. A plain, sturdy coach had just pulled up and Acastus was stepping out.
I looked at Tiona, she looked at me, we both sighed and I didn't shoot the bolt, but we kept kissing until we heard Acastus opening the door. "I'll miss you," Tiona said as we parted.
Acastus said, "I'm sorry I came a little bit early, but I see you've finished saying your good-byes." The twinkle in his eye said he recognized that as a euphemism, but how was he to know my mother had been here the whole time we were supposed to be euphemizing?
Tiona crossed the room to join Acastus.
Acastus took my hand in a firm grip and didn't let go until he looked me in the eyes and said, "Thank you for all your help. I think you should go back to R.I.M.."
I gave his hand a firm shake before taking mine away. "No thanks."
"I'm sure you would do well enough to get elevated and I would be more than glad to take you on as an apprentice. The police need more talented people like you. The field of forensic magic is expanding rapidly and if you get into it now you can go far."
Tiona, slightly behind Acastus, where he couldn't see, nodded enthusiastically. It was obvious what she thought I should do but I smiled and shook my head.
"Good sales pitch, Acastus, Tiona, but I'm not buying. I've already explained my position."
He sighed and shrugged, then smiled a bit with one side of his mouth. "I had to try. You would be a real asset to the force. I know you're a good person and I think you'll do well with your own business, but you could do so much more as part of a big team."
"I'm still young. Maybe I'll change my mind someday."
He laughed, but shook his head. He believed that as much as I did. "That would be good but I won't count on it."
Tiona came forward. "I wish you would."
"You know I won't."
She smiled and nodded. Then she grabbed me and planted a big wet kiss full on my lips. Not the best thing to do in front of her boss but she and I both enjoyed it. I held her waist and resisted the temptation to roam with my hands. When we separated Acastus acted as though nothing untoward had happened.
"Tiona told me about all those missing women you can't find a trace of, even with your talent, but I thought of something that might help. It's called the Rhadamanthus Death-Check Spell. You'll find it in the library at the local university."
"Isn't that a Wizard-level spell?"
"Well, yes, but I'm pretty sure you can handle it. I know it's a bit complicated to set up the first time but if you're careful and follow the directions exactly you'll be alright."
"Thanks, I'll be sure to check it out."
"Thank you, Berk, and good luck." He shook my hand once more before leaving without looking back. Tiona hesitated a second, then followed him.
I stood in my doorway, watched them climb into the coach, saw her smile and wave. I smiled and waved back, but my smile died as she rode out of my life.
I looked up at a gloomy sky. Had it been that gray this morning, or did it suddenly get darker when Tiona left? I sniffed the air. It smelled like rain coming, after more than a week of clear weather.

Chapter 34
The next day only one customer came in, another lamenting mother with limited funds. I went through my routine but her daughter had disappeared as thoroughly as those before her, so when it started raining and didn't let up I felt no inspiration or inclination to work on the older cases, returning to my office instead.
After office hours my door opened and Silvina walked in, catching me sitting at my desk, finishing the hot meat pie I'd bought for dinner from Delmar up on Rope Avenue. Holding up both hands in mock terror I squeaked, "Please don't hurt me. I swear I paid the rent twice already this week." I brought my hands down and said in a normal voice, "What brings you here? I'm already closed for the day."
She smiled and I watched her come closer to my desk. "I was collecting some late rent from one of my other tenants but I'm not here on business, I just saw you sitting here all alone when I walked past your window. Your door wasn't locked, so I thought I would come in and invite you down to my store for a drink. What do you say?"
She cocked a hip and put a hand on it, displaying her attributes at my eye level. She was quite a bit slimmer than Tiona but she had an enticing way of moving that drew a guy's attention.
Before I had time to think about what I was saying, I said, "I have a bottle of apricot brandy upstairs." Then, to avoid looking like a complete idiot, I had to invite her up. She accepted eagerly.
While I locked my office door I felt her hungry eyes on me and when I turned around my hungry eyes devoured her. With every meeting the sexual tension between us had increased, then my last meeting with Tiona had been interrupted and cut short, so I was wound up tight now. Without a word I turned and climbed the stairs. She followed close behind.
I found a couple of clean glasses and poured us each a shot of brandy. Silvina stood close to me and when I gave her the glass she looked me in the eye and tossed the amber liquid down her throat. I grinned and did the same. Then our lips connected in a kiss made sweet and doubly delicious by the brandy, and I don't know which went to my head more.
 She wasn't Tiona but she was a beautiful woman, made all the more desirable because she was lusting for me. At each of our meetings she had grown bolder and now she latched onto me, my arms closing naturally around her back. Her hands rubbed my back while she pressed close, her slim, athletic body under the thin dress alive in my hands, her hips making little circling moves that drove me wild, my arousal obvious to her because she pressed tightly against the growing proof of it.
She let out a short laugh before she tilted her head back for another kiss, her lips hot against mine. My hands roved from her shoulders down to her butt cheeks, our mouths separated for a few seconds and one of her hands drifted around to the front and rubbed my erection, I slid one hand up from her waist to cup her breast, she pushed at my erection so it stood straight up, I gently pinched her nipple, wondering what I was doing, but it felt good and, despite a few misgivings about this peculiar woman, it felt so good I didn't look for a reason to stop.
Her hands loosened my clothes and got underneath them, hot on my skin as she explored my muscles. Under my hands her skin was warm and smooth, her flesh tender, enticing. She seemed to know exactly what a guy wanted and liked best. I tried to give her what she wanted.
After we were both satisfied she got dressed, kissed me on the cheek and left. I went down to Caracalla's for a couple of hours. A couple of guys there greeted me as "Hero" so I gathered that the story of Mangena's rescue was still up on the News Bulletin board.

Chapter 35
The next morning I went for a long, wet walk, turning at random through Old City's maze of rainy streets, not caring where I went because what I was looking for wasn't there anyway. After wandering for about an hour my head cleared of all the useless, repetitious thoughts cluttering it and the rain let up.
I didn't see how it would make much difference in this case, but Acastus thought it might help, and I had nothing else to try, and nothing to lose, so I decided to try out Rhadamanthus's Death-Check Spell.
I hit the baths and got some dry clothes, then hoofed it to the university where I gained access to the locked shelf of spell books that aren't allowed off the premises, and copied out the spell I needed. Then I set out to get the supplies and ingredients I would need, some of them rather rare and a little bit pricey, but I was committed to it now, so I shelled out the money. I was paying out of my own pocket, but the setup would remain in place and could be used for years to come, so I looked at it as an investment.
The weight of too many parcels and bags tired me out, and the sun shining through a break in the cloud cover made me sweat, but when I turned the corner and saw Zena standing in front of my office my load felt lighter as I hurried up the hill to meet her.
Even though I had only dated her a few times I felt guilty about my wild fling with Silvina yesterday, and the old flames I had rekindled with Tiona. Silvina was too strange for my taste so, even though I had lots of fun with her yesterday I didn't plan to do it again. Ever.
Tiona I would never forget, no matter how much I tried not to think of her.
Zena's face lit up in a smile as she greeted me and I felt my face smiling back. At least in her case the attraction seemed to be mutual.
I said, "Have you been waiting long?" She shook her head and took a couple of bags from me so I could get my key. I unlocked my door and pushed it open. "So what did you lose?"
"My job."
One look at her unsmiling face assured me she wasn't joking. I ushered her inside and set my purchases on my desk. She did likewise. "Did you quit or were you fired?"
"Cal called me into his office this morning and grabbed me around the waist. When I tried to push him away he said, Do you want a raise or do you want to be fired?'  Then he put his face down to my breasts." She paused and drew in a breath, drawing my eyes to the breasts she was talking about. I quickly looked up to her eyes again but she was on a roll and her eyes were looking right past me. "I elbowed him in the head and pushed him away and said, Don't worry about firing me. I just quit.'  Then I grabbed all my stuff and got out of there."
"In that case I don't have to entice you away from Cal with a week's wages in advance."
Her mouth dropped open and her head jerked as she looked right at me. "Would you have?"
I nodded. "Certainly." I smiled and did some calculations in my head. "I still will, if you need it."
"Oh, please. It would make the transition so much easier."
I counted out a small wad of talents and handed them to her. Before she took them she grabbed my head with both hands and planted a kiss on my lips. "Thank you." She stepped back before I could react.
After a couple of seconds I dug the key to the office out of my pocket and handed it to her. "You might as well take care of this."
"Do you have a copy?"
"I have a key for the back door." I pulled out a second key to show her.
"You don't keep them on the same ring?"
"Why?"
"Never mind, I'll get a copy made." Her eyes roved around the room. "I'll need some expense money for the office."
I peeled off a twenty-talent note. "Let me know when you need more."
"I need more."
"For?"
"Furniture."
"Right." I peeled off a few more banknotes. The wad left in my hand was too thin to call a wad.
"That's plenty. I'll buy second hand." She sat at my desk and picked up a pen. "Do you have any blank paper?"
"Uh, no. I've been meaning to get some."
Her eyes rolled back into her head for a second. "So how do you expect me to keep track of how much money you've paid me and how much you gave me for office expenses? For that matter, how do you even expect me to make a list? And how could either of us take notes if a client walked in?"
"Well, there's no client here now so if you hurry back..."
She shot me a glare but didn't have time for a comeback because the street door opened and a woman walked in. I recognized the type, uncertain, desperate, a bit wild-eyed. Poor.
"You are Berk?" she asked me.
I nodded. "And your daughter is missing."
She froze for a second, then nodded rapidly. "How did you know?"
"Just tell me about your daughter."
Turned out she disappeared a couple of days ago, on the way home from visiting a friend, and no one had seen her since.
When she was done I said, "Your case is similar to some others I've taken on and I have to tell you, right at the start, that I haven't found any of them, not even a clue. I just want you to know that before I take your money."
Her shoulders slumped and she looked down at the banknotes in her hand, then she straightened, looked me in the eye and said, "I understand, but I want you to try anyway."
"As long as you understand." I took her money, fifteen talents, but now was not the time to bring up the matter of a minimum payment.
When Zena left to go shopping the day got gloomier, so I went out with the mother to investigate the missing daughter, using up the time she paid me for without getting any impression or finding a clue. The sky darkened along with my mood and when the rain started I called it quits.
All I had to go on was the assumption, based on flimsy grounds and the faintest of impressions, that the women were all in the same dark, wet place. If it was a cult they were well hidden or had a good disguise, and if they were transient, just coming to Agrippina to harvest a couple dozen young women for their nefarious purposes before moving on, they would be even harder to find.
#  #  #
By mid afternoon of the next day Zena had transformed everything except my desk. The big empty space by the door became a reception area, with a second hand couch, some shelves, a chair, and a small table for her to use as a desk. I was surprised at how much she bought with the amount of money I gave her. She even got a little "Open" sign to hang in the window.
"You did good, but I think you deserve a real desk."
"I'll get by for a while. I don't want to divert too much of your cash flow and there are other things you still need."
I didn't argue. I wasn't broke yet but a bit of cash flow is always comforting.
When Zena started going through my accounts she said, "You're lucky you hired me. With a record-keeping system like this you would have been audited for sure, come tax time." She bought a whole mess of paper and forms and account books, the like of which I had never seen before, but she assured me they were standard in any business.
Inspired by her industriousness I made an effort to clean and organize my desk. I came across the brochures I had taken from the university and considered tossing them, but decided to keep them, then changed my mind again. Zena grabbed them from my hand before I let them drop into the wastebasket.
"What's this?" She scanned them with a quick glance and said, "So you want to be a lawyer."
I laughed and shook my head. "Not a chance. I'd rather be a cop and I don't want to be a cop." I explained Orfeo's idea of taking one law course to become a law student to gain access to certain public records.
"That's a great idea. Why didn't you do it?"
The silence stretched while I tried to come up with a good reason I hadn't enrolled yet. "Ummmm, I guess I just don't want to go back to school."
It was her turn to laugh and shake her head. "That's a pretty feeble excuse not to do something that could be so useful to you."
"If you think it's such a great idea, why don't you do it?"
Her eyes narrowed and she looked right at me. "Alright, I will. The university is only half a mile away. I'll see you in an hour or so."
After my smart remark I had to let her go.
On top of all her other work Zena had organized the personal items of all the women I was searching for, putting each one in a separate envelope, labelling it clearly, and storing it on one of the shelves she'd bought. That motivated me to start working on what I soon came to think of as my death-checker, but it was slow going and I didn't have much done before she returned, an hour an a half later, her hair damp from a light rain.
I bought her dinner and took her home, then, full of mixed emotions, I went to the gym for a heavy workout. Zena, now my employee, had quit her previous job when Cal started putting his moves on her, and now I felt like putting some moves on her myself. I'd felt that way from the first time I saw her, before I even thought of hiring her, but now I didn't want to risk losing her as an employee. So why had I hired her? To have her near me?
But she had kissed me.
# # #
The next morning Zena announced that the office needed some dusting and washing. I had to admit the place had been getting a little bit dirty, but not so bad that I would have done anything about it on my own for quite a while, even though some of it had been here when I moved in. I wanted the business to make enough that I could afford to have a cleaner come in once a week, but I wasn't organized enough to make that happen yet.
I told her she didn't have to do it but she insisted, so, rather than help her, I engrossed myself in assembling my death-checker. By noon I was finished but I decided to eat before double checking all my connections.
Right after lunch a rich woman came in and hired me to find some missing jewelry, which I quickly found in her home. When I got back to the office Zena had another jewelry-finding job lined up, a job I probably would have lost if she hadn't been in the office.
When I returned from that I spent an hour on my death-checker, making sure I had everything in place and connected right. I sat back and rubbed my eyes.
Zena said, "Are you going to try it now?"
I shook my head. "No, it's a rather complicated spell that I've never attempted before and I think I'd rather be alone."
"Is it dangerous? Are you sure you want to be alone?"
"The biggest danger to me is that I might fall asleep. I'd rather be alone because, well, when I concentrate too hard I tend to drool."
She laughed and chucked me under the chin. "Now I want to stay more than ever, because that would just make you cuter, and I could sit by you and wipe your chin."
Now we were both laughing. "Thanks for the offer, but I'll get by on my own. Besides, I want to get something to eat first. You run along home now. That's an order."
"Yes sir," she said with a smile, saluting me.
I saw her out the door, locked it, turned the sign to display "Closed and went upstairs for a quick bite to eat. Then I had no more excuses left so I quit stalling, went downstairs and sat down in front of the apparatus.
I got all the items from the missing women and laid them out where I could easily grab each of them, then I sighed, referred to my notes and started the spell that charged the apparatus. When it was done I picked up the first item, a ring, set it in the brass tray, put my thumbs on the copper coins on the sides and tried to get an impression.
The dark coldness of death ran thick fingers up my spine, making me shudder so bad I broke the connection. I put a twenty-talent gold coin under the tray and tried again. The cold, damp, darkness was amplified by the gold coin but this time I was ready for it, and while it still made me shudder, I managed to remain focused on the small glass sphere in the center of the apparatus. If my target was dead the sphere would turn black, if she was alive the sphere was supposed to shine, but I concentrated and stared at that sphere for over a minute and it didn't do either, though I detected the faintest glow of red in the center.
I sat back, wiped the drool off my chin and shivered. If this spell was being blocked as strongly as my talent, that meant the faint red glow, as opposed to a tiny black spot, indicated that she was still alive. I made a note, then picked up the next item; only eight more to go.
By the time I finished with the last item my head was pounding and I was shivering, whether from the rain or because the spell lowered the temperature, but either way, I was ready for bed. I felt drained, but happy because I had confirmed that all of the women I'd been hired to find still lived. I didn't know where to find them, but at least I had something positive to tell the parents. And if Zena complained about having nothing to do tomorrow I could get her to carry some messages.

Chapter 36
When Zena arrived the following morning she asked me right away how the death-checker had worked.
"I strained it to the limit, giving myself a serious headache, and I only got a dim red glow instead of a bright light, so I could be wrong, but I think all the women I'm looking for are still alive."
"That's wonderful news." She sat at her table, laid her hands on it and looked at them. "But what am I supposed to do while you deliver the good news to your clients?"
I have a small business and it's still new so, despite her complaints about the condition of my accounts, there wasn't a great deal of work involved in straightening them out and keeping them up to date, and everything else had been rearranged and cleaned, except upstairs in my apartment, which remained my own responsibility.
"Anything you want to, as long as you stay here, in case one of my clients decides to drop by for an update. Do you read much? You could bring a book, or take a look at one of mine. I have a few upstairs."
Before we could continue that discussion the office door opened and a priestess walked in. I recognized the shimmery, pale gray dress from my dealings with the Temple of Hermia, and I knew the priestess too, though her face had a lot more color.
"Hello, Adeela."
She gave me a sly smile and closed the door, nodding casually to Zena as she sauntered up to me. "Hello Berk."
"I never thought I would ever see you here."
Her smile got bigger. "The High Priestess Theola sent me here to get you. It's my first time out alone in public since..." She put a hand to her mouth to cut herself off. "Well, you know; I'm not supposed to mention it." She looked down at nothing in particular on the floor.
I knew, but I couldn't tell by looking, and I didn't want to talk about it either. Over her shoulder I saw Zena's eyes go wide and her mouth drop as she put the last pieces together and figured out that it was her old boss who was standing in front of me. She quickly composed her face while I pulled up a chair for Adeela, then got behind my desk and turned the conversation to business. "Why does your High Priestess need me?"
"One of our priestesses went missing last night. The High Priestess wants to hire you because you get faster results than the police."
"Sometimes. We help each other and we both benefit."
"We've heard that you've already been hired to find several women who have disappeared from Old City in the past month. Too many women have been disappearing and we think a lot of the cases are related. That's why we want to hire you, not only to find our missing priestess, but to find out what has been happening to the other young women who have disappeared, because The Temple Of Hermia cares for all women."
"Is that your slogan?"
She shook her head but she smiled and said, "Not officially, but they do say it a lot."
"Like a snake is their logo."
She giggled. "Oh, you found your tattoo, did you? It's our little joke. Did it cause you any trouble?"
I shook my head. Behind Adeela, I saw Zena stifle a laugh with her hand.
Adeela's smile had an edge to it. "I liked you, and despite the drug you were still considerate. Some guys get too rough and they're not so lucky, they get big tattoos in more prominent places, which married men especially have trouble explaining. I heard about one guy who got a full-color, detailed picture of a snake tattooed right on his penis, so it looked just like a snake's head. Once it heals some guys actually like their tattoo, but you're the first in a lot of years to figure out where you got it."
"I'm glad I made the grade." My little tattoo had pained me for a few days and itched a lot longer, but now that I knew what it was it didn't bother me much anymore, though I was acutely aware of it now. I didn't want to imagine what those less fortunate guys had gone through. "But why that whole drug and sex thing anyway?"
"Why?" She smiled like she was about to reveal a secret. "It was my final initiation, that's why, and the drug was to keep it secret. The High Priestess said to me, 'Adeela, when you can fuck a man silly you'll know you're really a woman.'" She flicked hair back from her face in a quintessentially feminine gesture. "So, will you take the job?"
"I'll go with you and talk to the High Priestess, but I won't promise anything." As we left I said to Zena, "See, you're working now."
She stuck her tongue out at me.
#  #  #
At The Temple of Hermia Adeela took me up into the left wing, to the outer office of the High Priestess Theola, then went about her own business while I stated mine to a receptionist. I only waited about five minutes before the receptionist ushered me in.
The office was smaller than mine, but it had nicer furniture, and a view down into the back garden behind her, wet from a shower that had started after I entered the temple. I recognized the woman behind the desk from Aldwin's meeting in Gray's Road House. She waved me to a chair and I sat.
"Adeela said you wanted to hire me."
Theola nodded. "That's right. A priestess of ours didn't come in last night. She was last seen when she was leaving the home of a private citizen to return to the temple, but we couldn't find her and neither can the police. Our magic tells us she's still alive but it doesn't tell us where she is."
I nodded at the familiar story and got a few more details out of her. "I'll do what I can, but I can't promise much." I gave her my rates and she accepted them.
"I also want you to check into the disappearances of some other women in our congregation who have gone missing in the past month or two. A few of them lived in other quarters but apparently all of them were in Old City when they disappeared, so I think they could be related to our missing priestess."
"It's possible, even likely, but there are plenty of other reasons for women to vanish. I know the police had a special task force that recently rounded up several killers, and not all of their victims have been found or identified."
"You're right, and there's always more scum ready to float to the surface to take their place, but certain information has some into our hands that makes us believe we are victims of a cult that has set itself up in Agrippina to kidnap dozens of our women for some unknown purpose."
My mind flashed onto something Jayna had said the night she encountered those goons in the alley. I slid my chair closer and leaned one elbow on her desk. "I think I've come into contact with members of that cult on more than one occasion. One girl I rescued said one of the goons referred to her as a sacrifice, which she thought was odd since she was definitely not a virgin."
"Virgins do make the best sacrifices, but any lives will work, especially if you have lots of them."
"Yeah, and it's all dark magic, and it does more harm than good, but knowing they're all going to be sacrificed doesn't help us find any of them, and some of those women have been missing for weeks." I stood. "I better get started. I'll need to see the missing priestess's room, and I'd like to get a list of the other missing women you want me to investigate. I want to know where they lived, where they were coming from, where they were going, and where they vanished."
"I'll get Adeela to show you the room, and the list will be ready before you leave, along with your retainer." She got up and walked around her desk and lowered her voice. "But before you go there is one other matter I'd like to discuss with you. I read about the skinless girl you found in the maze and the two others that showed up soon after."
"Their killer, Renzo, was arrested but he was insane and the police never got a coherent story out of him. He died mysteriously in prison, from poison or dark magic. I don't know the details."
She sighed. "I'm not surprised, and I guess it doesn't matter now, but I have something that might explain his motive and I wanted to share it. While researching an unrelated matter I found a reference to the Thirteen Moons Spell, a magic spell so dark and dangerous that few dare to even look in that direction. My source mentioned it because it is a foul perversion of our rejuvenation spell, stolen hundreds of years ago by a rebellious priestess. It involves multiple kills and donning the living skin of the victims."
I grimaced. "That sounds like Renzo alright."
"The only purpose of the spell is to turn a man into a woman."
"Why would Renzo want to do that?" Last month I would have wondered why any man would want to do that, but then I'd met Adeela, lately Aldwin, and learned there could be reasons.
Theola shrugged. "He's dead now so I guess we'll never know. Apparently the spell didn't take for Renzo and he was caught before he could kill enough to make the change permanent."
"Or he lost control and it drove him crazy. You should tell all this to the police."
"I suppose you're right, but it's too late to make any difference and I don't like talking to the police because they're already suspicious of us."
"I can't imagine why."
She almost smiled as she went back behind her desk.
The missing priestess's cubicle, as sparsely furnished as Adeela's, was cold and lifeless, almost devoid of personal belongings, but I found a comb with a few brown hairs stuck in it. When I touched it I got a picture of a small woman with plain features but no indication as to her direction or location. Just as I expected.
On my way out I picked up my retainer and a list with five other women and all the addresses I'd requested.
I started with the priestess, retracing her known route through the streets. I sensed the place where she had been snatched but it was just another alley that led to another street.
I spent several hours finding the homes of the other women, gathering personal items, and questioning acquaintances about their disappearances, but my talent revealed nothing and all of the trails were cold. The gray sky matched my gloomy mood and getting caught in an occasional shower further dampened my spirits.
At times my travels took me near a client's home and I was able to deliver the good news to a mother that I was fairly sure her daughter was alive. Each time I saw hope rekindled in her eyes and she thanked me profusely, but I still felt like I had failed them all. There was no way of knowing how long they would stay alive.

Chapter 37
By mid afternoon I was ready to quit for the day but a man in his forties approached me and told me about a woman a couple of blocks away who had some information I might find useful.
Following his directions to her address took me onto a narrow, winding street with almost no traffic, so I couldn't help but notice the pretty woman in a tight dress walking about thirty feet ahead of me. The way she moved she would have caught the eyes of any man, but she looked out of place here, too glamorous to be hanging out in such a squalid part of Old City.
When she reached an alley a man popped out right in front of her and grabbed her arms. "Let me go," she cried out. Another pair of arms reached out and helped pull her out of sight.
Here we go again, in broad daylight yet, I thought, drawing my cudgel on the run and running wide around the corner. Two men held the woman by the arms, dragging her away while she struggled weakly, repeating her demands to be released, but with less urgency.
"Why don't you big meanies pick on someone who fights back?"
They looked at me but didn't stop. I advanced several steps into the alley, slapping my cudgel into my other hand. They let the woman go and all three turned around, but she didn't try to get away, she just stood there laughing at me, her breasts shaking in her dress, a dress that looked inadequate for such a cool day. She was sucker bait and I had just been played.
I wished for her to catch a really bad cold.
Several other men emerged from concealment behind the trio. I recognized the man whose arm I'd stabbed with the splintered crate when I saved Jayna, and looking over my shoulder I saw half a dozen more men blocking the mouth of the alley. Even with my cudgel and brass knocker I couldn't fight that many, so the only reason I wasn't already beaten to a pulp was because they thought they had me cornered and wanted to watch me squirm. I wasn't ready to oblige them on the squirming part but there didn't seem to be much I could do to avoid the beaten to a pulp stage. Only my eyes moved as I checked out the alley.
"You've interfered with our business a few times now," said the man with the scarred arm. "We discussed it among ourselves and we all think it's time for you to stop." A murmur of agreement rose from the mob.
Several doors let into the alley. If I could find one that wasn't locked I would have a way out, but I would only have time to try one. "Well, consider me stopped. As far as I'm concerned, the case is closed, you don't even have to pay me anything, I'll just back right off and let you guys do your thing, whatever it is, I don't even care." While I babbled I put myself into a receptive state for a second so I could get a quick impression of the nearby doors, trying to find a way out of this mess.
"That's not good enough," Scarred Arm said, "We're going to make sure you never mess with us again." To emphasize his point he pulled a slender blade from somewhere behind his back. Several of his cronies drew knives of their own and edged closer.
I feigned a panic that was only slightly more than what I was actually feeling. "I can pay." I reached into my pocket and grabbed all the loose coins in the bottom. "Here, take my money." I tossed the coins high and while every eye watched the glittering silver arc upwards I ran straight at Scarred Arm, swinging my cudgel at his head. In the last instant he raised his arm in a clumsy block, crying out in pain as I pushed past him without slowing down.
By the time anybody else clued in to what had just happened I was already at the door I chose, which was unlocked. The hinges were stiff but my momentum pushed the door open far enough for me to slip through, then I put my shoulder to it and slammed it shut behind me. Urine and cabbage predominated, but a hundred other smells contributed to the thick air I breathed in the tenement as I dashed the length of the corridor. I let myself out the front door and kept running.
When I reached the end of the block I glanced back and saw only three of the gang pursuing me. I stepped around the corner and leaned against the wall, trying to catch my breath and be silent at the same time.
As the first guy rounded the corner I rammed the end of my cudgel into his solar plexus and shoved him out of the way. The second guy took a stab at me but I bounced back a step and smashed his wrist with my cudgel, and this time I heard bones break. He screamed like a girl and dropped the knife. The third guy, a punk teenager without a knife, discovered he wasn't so tough without backup. He didn't want to get close to me.
"Come on," I said. "Give me one good reason I shouldn't spill your brains on the side of the road."
Apparently the three of them couldn't come up with a single reason between them because, without a word, they ran away faster than they had chased me.
I wondered how big their organization was, and how much money they had, because they seemed to have trouble finding people to beat me up or kill me. Not that I was complaining about the ineptitude of those people. Still, I must be getting close to something to stir them up like this, even if I didn't know what it was myself.
They wanted lots of women for some kind of sacrifice, which struck me as a terrible waste. I had been hired to find several missing women but my lack of progress in all of those cases couldn't be considered interference, could it?
I finished tracking down the lead that brought me here but, just as I thought, it was part of the setup and came to nothing. I kept my eyes out for more goons but they either stayed far away or kept themselves well hidden.
#  #  #
Rain started pouring down harder than ever so I caught a cab to the university library to dig around for any reference to the Thirteen Moons Spell, but no matter what I poked into I found nothing, because what I was looking for was not on the regular shelves.
I shelved the book in my hand and wandered down a few aisles till I came to a big desk guarding a heavy wooden door with a neatly lettered sign on it that read, "Restricted area." When I explained my quest to the sharp-faced, white-haired woman behind the desk she looked at me like I was a perverted maniac about to go on a rampage. I just stood there calmly and waited. She said, "That spell is so dark and perilous that few people ever dared to write about it."
"It's not for personal use," I assured her. I showed her my card and told her I was working on a case. "You heard about the Skinner?"
She nodded.
"I think he was trying to use the Thirteen Moons Spell, but I need more information."
She charged me ten talents, then called a student to man the desk. She pulled a big key out of her pocket, unlocked the door and led me into a dim room full of the musty smell of old books. Among the thousands of volumes she found me three references to the spell. The first one waxed poetic about the many evils of the spell, warning that twelve victims were not enough, that there would surely be "...a final victim in the dark of the moon."
Not that it mattered with The Skinner already dead, but the new moon was only a week away.
The second reference, very brief, revealed that the only purpose of the spell was to turn a man into a woman, which I already knew, but said the method was so foul it didn't deserve to be preserved in any way.
The third reference was the jackpot for me. The author said he dared reveal nothing about how the spell was performed, but that was fine with me because I'd already seen more of that than I cared to. He called the spell evil and dangerous, and warned that it led most often to madness and deformity. He did, however, fill in some important details about the effects.
The spell involved thirteen kills, one per month. By donning the skin of the victim the spell caster actually became a woman, the first time only for a few days, the second time a few days longer, and so on until the last kill made the change permanent.
I guess Renzo didn't get quite that far. He did something drastically wrong and fell prey to the madness. All very interesting but of no practical value.
#  #  #
When I got back to the office near closing time Zena said, "Your landlady dropped by a couple of hours ago."
"What did she want?"
"She didn't say. Maybe she just wanted to chat. She seemed friendly enough but she struck me as a bit strange."
"What do you expect from somebody who likes knives? Have you ever been in her store?"
"No, and I don't think I want to. Where were you all day?"
I filled her in on the visit to the Temple Of Hermia, the results of my search, my encounter with the goons and what I'd learned in the library.
"You better be careful. You don't know when those people will try to get you again."
"You have a point, but I can't worry about it too much or I would be afraid to leave my office, and who's to say they don't already know where that is. I'll try to stay out of alleys."
She helped me label the personal items and file them, then enter all the new locations on my map. They were scattered throughout Old City, with no discernable patterns or clumps, but all within half a mile of the waterfront, which covered a lot of territory.

Chapter 38
The next morning Zena showed up with a book. I picked it up to read the spine. "Ovid, Metamorphoses. One of my favorites. Have you read his love poems?"
"No. My father says they're obscene and wouldn't allow them in his house. He's a big fan of Virgil."
"Of course." I shrugged. "I'm a fan of both. I'll lend you my copy of Ovid."
"But I feel so guilty getting paid but not working."
"As long as you're caught up with the accounting and paperwork, and you're in the office when a client walks in, you're doing your job."
She sighed and opened her book. "Let me know when you need me to take some dictation."
Soon she was engrossed in her reading but I became distracted by her. She had a strong profile but nothing was too sharp, her hair had enough curl to give it extra bounce, and her eyes were full of sparkle and life. I looked away, suddenly aware that I had been staring while fantasizing about her eyes, which I couldn't even see from this angle.
 I got back to thinking about the missing women who seemed to have vanished completely without dying. It had been bothering me for weeks, but I hadn't felt too guilty about not doing much about finding them, but now the Temple Of Hermia was paying me for all the time I could spend on the case because of their missing priestess, so I felt like I had to do something. I just couldn't think of anything to do.
The High Priestess Theola had referred to the kidnappers as a cult, and cults have priests, and priests could usually do some magic, but were they strong enough to block my talent? Or did they have a Wizard working for them, or even a Master? How strong was their barricade? I had managed to get a few very faint impressions. If I could boost my power just a bit more I might get something useful.
"I have an idea," I told Zena. "I need all the personal items I took from the women who are still missing."
I was impressed by how organized Zena had the place already. In less than half a minute she had the envelopes on my desk, each envelope clearly labeled with the owner's name and a description of the contents in Zena's precise handwriting. With the latest batch from the Temple Of Hermia there were fifteen items, and I was pretty sure that if I had tried this on my own some of them would have been mixed up.
I removed the items one at a time and arranged them in three neat rows on my desk, five items in each row. Not one of these items had generated a single useful clue and I felt nothing from any of them as I handled them now. I pushed the rows of rings, jewelry, locks of hair, pieces of clothing, and other stuff closer together, spread my hands and touched as many as I could. I got a vague impression of cool, damp, darkness. Not enough to be useful, but a hair more than I got before.
I shoved the items into a pile so everything was in contact, then spread my hands over the pile so I was touching everything. When I opened myself I felt cold, wet darkness, definitely stronger now, but I still needed a direction. I shivered and pulled my hand away, still chilled, though I had sensed nothing malevolent in the area.
I arranged the items in a triangle, starting with a row of five at the top and finishing with a single jeweled earring at the point, then I pushed everything a bit closer together, making sure each item was touching as many others as possible.
I spread my hands over the array, braced myself and lowered my hands, trying to touch everything while opening myself for an impression. It came again like a big drop of icy water down my neck, and even though I was ready for it this time I almost broke contact. Somewhere behind me was a dark place, built of, or surrounded by cold, wet stone, but full of warm bodies. Lots of bodies. Life confined and concealed.
I broke contact and the impression faded but I remembered the direction. I cleared a spot on my desk, took out my big map of the city, folded it a few times so Old City section was on top, flattened it out and oriented it with the street outside. I got a ruler and set it on the map with one end on my office, the other pointing out into the bay.
I put one hand back on the pile and opened myself, concentrating on getting a direction. After my prior contact it came easier. I pivoted the ruler until it lined up somewhere through the back wall near the northwest corner of my office, then drew a line all the way to the coast, about half a mile away.
Zena watched the whole procedure without saying a word but I noticed she had been taking notes. She raised an eyebrow. I liked that trick; it looked good on her. I pointed. "Somewhere along this line are some or all of these missing women. I have to check it out."
"Isn't that dangerous?"
"It could be. That's why you'll contact the police and tell them where I went if I don't show up back here by sundown. See, another task to add to your growing list of responsibilities."
"Don't worry, I think I can handle the extra burden. You just be careful out there."
#  #  #
I went up to Rope Avenue, then headed west, up and over the hill. I was looking for a place that could have a dark, wet basement, big enough to hold a lot of women, but up here the basements were all carved into rock, and everything was wet from a recent shower so that didn't narrow my search at all. It also had to be a place where they could unload their victims from a cab without arousing suspicion, which did eliminate some buildings from consideration, but not enough to make my task much easier.
I had to do a lot of zigzagging from street to street in order to cover the line on my map and I reached the shore without finding a likely building. My eyes swept out to sea and lingered for a few seconds on the small island pit there, actually little more than a bleak rock poking out of the water. I brought my attention back to the shore and turned my gaze south, to the complex of government buildings on the hill about half a mile away. I'm sure they had plenty of dark, wet cells there, but it was so far off my line I knew it was not mot be my goal at this time.
I turned around to look back along my imaginary line, studying the buildings. A warehouse and a couple of tenement houses at the bottom of the hill looked like they might have big, damp basements, but the tenements looked full to bursting and had far too much traffic for anybody to smuggle in kidnap victims without being seen, and the warehouse stood out in the open. But I didn't rule any of them out. This was the type of neighborhood where people usually kept what they saw to themselves.
I decided to come back after dark, when surveillance would likely bear more fruit. From what I had gathered there was a kidnapping nearly every night, perhaps even more, and they always happened after dark, usually around midnight, but sometimes after. Most of the times I'd been given were just guesses.
I treated Zena to a dinner, during which we didn't talk shop at all, yet never lacked a subject for conversation. She came back to the office with me. "You don't have to do this," I said.
"I know. I want to."
I didn't argue. I appreciated what she was doing and I enjoyed her company too much to force her away.
I sat down at my desk and placed my hands on either side of the pile of personal items. "I wish I could apply my talent like this out there in the field, but I would need a wheelbarrow to cart all this stuff around." Actually, I could fit all of them into my pockets, but it would be inconvenient and it might not work and I didn't want to risk losing them.
"Don't be such a wimp. You can carry them in a gunny sack and that way when you get tired you can drag it around."
"Good idea. I'll just tie it to my ankle and that way I only have to think about it every second step."
"Maybe if you pick out the few with the strongest impression and take them along it might be enough, if you get close."
Zena helped me select three items which, when squeezed together, gave me a faint impression, as long as I was looking in approximately the right direction. I put them in my coat pocket, where I could touch them. Zena made a note of the ones I took and started putting the rest away.
"It's getting late. You might as well go home now."
"I don't think so. I'm waiting right here for you, no matter how long it takes. Don't worry, I made sure I got a comfy couch, and I know where all the facilities are."
She kissed me on the cheek as I went out, and when I looked back she was still standing in the doorway with light spilling out from behind her, cutting a very attractive silhouette. I stared a bit too long before I waved and she waved back.

Chapter 39
Because I already knew the direction I had to go, the impression from the items in my pocket was strong enough to guide me. I mostly followed the same trail I had earlier, except for a few detours on the opposite side of some blocks, and the result was the same, me standing on the shore without finding what I was looking for.
I turned around to take a look at the buildings I had suspected earlier but none of them attracted my attention. Making sure no one was taking too much notice of me, I reached into my pocket, wrapped my hand around the items and went into a light trance.
The pull came from behind me so I turned around and looked out into the darkness that spread over the sea, but I saw nothing, which didn't surprise me. There was no way the girls could be on a ship, it would have been noticed by now, and I had felt solid stone around them.
Wondering what to do next, I turned around and sat down on a rock, looking at Old City, because that is not something you want to turn your back to. There were a lot of missing women and the police were completely baffled, which had sent desperate parents to me, but despite my talent and this latest lead I still came up short.
I watched a semicircle of moon rise over the roofs on the top of the hill, illuminating patches of cloud that still covered eighty percent of the sky. If the clouds continued to break up we could be in for some decent weather tomorrow. I stared at the moon for a while, wondering why it always looks bigger when it's near the horizon.
After that fruitless speculation I turned around and scanned the sea, searching for an answer. Moonlight struck the rock, showing me the face, stark against the black sea, barren and devoid of any buildings. The women couldn't be hidden there, could they? But I had seen darkness and sensed dampness, suggesting they might be underground, and I once heard a theory that there had been a temple on that rock, so if that temple had a basement, they could be hidden there.
But how could they get their prisoners out there without being seen, even at night? A boat could do it a few times, but every trip increased the risk of detection, and flying them, even if it was possible, would be even more conspicuous, which left underwater or underground. Underwater, like invisibility, was tough even for a Master, so my bet was on a tunnel.
I thought about renting a boat and rowing to the rock to explore it, but the best I can do for invisibility is wear black at night and hide behind something, so I was pretty sure the kidnappers would spot me, especially now that the moon was up. I would be better off finding the landward end of the tunnel, then getting help from the police, but the police would require some hard evidence.
I reassessed the buildings nearest the shore, most of which I had rejected earlier because I was looking for a basement large enough to conceal at least a couple of dozen women, but it only had to be large enough to conceal one end of a tunnel. My talent didn't help and I couldn't get into the buildings to search them.
A cab clattered by and headed up the hill, which made me wonder where the cult could hide a cab while they offloaded a noncooperative woman into their tunnel?
From the point where my line intersected the shore I checked out a three block radius. I didn't think the tunnel would be any longer than that but I didn't rule out the possibility. I found several buildings that might work, and a couple of likely candidates. Keeping my eyes on the most likely buildings and my ears open for cabs, I wandered the area.
Not many cabs came through this section, and only a few of them stopped, because most of the residents couldn't afford such luxuries and never went far from home anyhow. I spent a lot of time between cabs loitering in shadows and watching the local traffic, most of it on foot.
When I heard a cab stop on the next block, without being too obvious about it, I hurried around the corner so I could see who got out where, but there was no sign of any cab, even though I had heard it just seconds ago.
As I cautiously made my way down the dark alley a large set of double doors swung out from the side of a house and the cab emerged, its lanterns turned down low. I crouched into a ball against the wall of a building until the cab drove out of the other end of the alley. A lot of times people just see what they expect to see and the illusion of invisibility is easy to achieve.
When I stood up the double doors had closed. I went to take a closer look but all I saw was ordinary wall, until I made a fingerlight and saw a thin, vertical crack where the doors had split. I poked it with my forefinger and it moved. It was opening. Before I could think about what to do a voice beside me said, "What are you doing here?"
I turned my head and saw a man twenty feet away approaching with a sword pointed at me. Two more men, carrying cudgels like my own, stepped out of a door behind him. Before I could think about making a run for it the wall swung open further to reveal four more men armed with clubs and nightsticks.
"Get inside."
I unlimbered my cudgel with one hand and dug out my little brass knocker with the other.
"We know who you are and what you do. You're the guy who was talking to those priestesses in the Temple of Hermia. You interfered with an acquisition a few weeks ago and you scarred what's-his-name's arm. You won't get away this time."
"Maybe I can break a few limbs this time around." I squeezed my fist around my little knocker and smacked my weighted cudgel against the side of my leg. The sound seemed to intimidate them a little but they were clever, all of them keeping their distance while they spread out to surround me. I kept turning, swinging my cudgel to discourage attacks from behind, waiting for someone to charge so I could bust a skull, hoping they didn't all charged at once, in which case I'd be lucky to get in more than a couple of hits.
I tried to break through the circle with a sudden rush but the whole circle moved with me so I didn't get any nearer the edge. Something hooked my left ankle from behind and pulled my foot out from under me. A hard object bounced off the back of my head, shattering the last vestige of my equilibrium. As I fell I saw the whole pack already closing in.
I got in more than a few good hits, and a couple of them would be limping tomorrow, but I obtained more new bruises than all of them put together. They weren't gentle, but they wanted to subdue me, not beat me to a pulp, so they basically just piled on top of me and pinned me down with their weight.
When they got off me my hands and feet were tied. Gasping for air, I struggled to a sitting position but before I could say anything a big, hairy chap hit me behind my ear with a sap and I took an involuntary nap.
I was jarred awake by a sharp slap to my face.
"Why do you persist in vexing us?" I thought it was my ears, but my eyes focussed on the man sitting in a chair four feet away and I saw that his face was covered by a mask of stiff leather and cloth that muffled his voice. It didn't look like anything, it wasn't much more than a hood with a couple of eyeholes.
I shrugged as well as I could while tied into a chair. "I'm just doing my job." I paused to catch my breath, and to take a better look at my surroundings. A pair of flickering torches lit a low, stone ceiling, some damp stone walls, and a section of stone floor. "I was paid to find some missing women and I'm looking for them. If you guys were on the up and up we wouldn't keep crossing paths."
The mask rustled as the man inside it shook his head. He was packing some extra pounds and he seemed to be having trouble catching his breath behind the mask. "You clearly do not understand the consequence of our work." His voice sounded vaguely familiar, despite the pretentious word usage, like I had heard it once before, but I couldn't remember where.
"Maybe if you explained everything to me I would see the light of reason and know that what you are doing is the right thing to do, the only thing to do. Then I would quit interfering and start working for you instead."
The masked man sighed and shook his head again. "If only I could trust your sincerity I would do exactly that, but all of us have let our actions prove our loyalty to the cause. Your actions have not."
"And what cause is that? To overthrow the government?"
He laughed. "Nothing so commonplace. Our work is far more important than that, too important to allow you to interfere anymore." His chair creaked as he leaned forward. "Suppose we paid you enough to stop looking for those missing women?"
It certainly made sense from an economic point of view, but it felt all wrong, it compromised the integrity of my business, and it pissed me off that they would even think about asking me. I briefly considered lying, but I was pretty sure I couldn't convince them I would stay out of the way, so I said, "Why don't you take a flying fuck at an oak tree?"
The silence lasted about a second and a half, then he gave a half-hearted laugh. "Very colorful, but not very tempting. I'll take that as a no."
The silence stretched for several seconds until the big goon beside me said, "What are you going to do with him now that you've talked to him?"
"He's not dangerous now. Lock him in a cell so he can't interfere anymore and leave him there to starve. The ship comes tomorrow night and I don't care what happens to him after that."
"Why not just kill him now?"
"Because I abhor violence. Now do as I say. He can't get away."
"I don't have to get away. The police know where I am and they'll come for me."
He snorted. "You don't even know where you are. The police haven't found us here yet and they'll never find you either."
Actually I did have a pretty good idea where I was, I just wasn't sure how I got here, but I was afraid he was right about the police not finding me.
The goon untied the rope from around my chest and pulled me to my feet. My hands and feet were still bound but the goon and his counterpart grabbed my arms, kicked my legs out from under me and made a point of dragging me to a cell at the end of a short corridor behind the guy with the hood. The guy with the hood didn't watch so I guess he was serious about not liking violence. 
Dirty, frightened girls looked out at me through iron-barred doors, their wide eyes gleaming in the light of the single torch carried by the third goon. The worst of it though, was the smell, as bad as any facility I'd used in years.
They threw me into my cell like I was a sack of grain. I managed a clumsy roll to protect my face but I collected a few new bruises and a lot of my old ones hurt more than ever. I tried not to move until the pain subsided.

Chapter 40
I had counted half a dozen cells, all of them much larger than mine, and they all looked crowded, though I couldn't tell how many women were in each cell. I must have seen nearly thirty girls, and there could have been at least that many more, and who knew how many more cells they had in other parts of this underground complex.
Judging from the architecture this place hadn't always been a dungeon. The bars thick and solid, but they were old and corroded and looked like they had been salvaged from somewhere else and placed here, using local rocks and fresh mortar. And I was sure the padlocks were new, even if they did show spots of rust already.
My fingers were not yet completely numb so I untied my feet without much difficulty. I couldn't reach the rope around my wrists so I searched the cell for something to cut it with. These chambers weren't exposed to the weather,and when I touched the stone I got a strong impression of centuries of slow decay, so there were no sharp edges, but I did find a rough corner in the doorway, where the stone had been chipped when they installed the bars, and after enough rubbing I eventually wore through the rope.
By the time I released myself all the kidnappers were gone, leaving a single torch burning in the central room, but I didn't expect it to last long, and one of the cells had a dim lamp burning in it. The light that got to me wasn't much, but it was a whole lot better than none at all, so I didn't have to waste energy or concentration on a fingerlight.
I had nothing to pick the lock with but I had an idea. When they had searched me they took only what they recognized as weapons or tools, but I was a Certified Magician and they had left me several flash packets and smoke bombs. A lot of first year magic is just chemistry, but the magic angle draws extra energy from. . . Well, nobody knows for sure where it's from, we've just learned how to use it.
Sitting cross-legged on the cold stone, working mostly by touch in the dim light, I opened three of my flash packets and dumped all the contents into the palm of my hand, then I added the contents of a smoke packet, mumbled a simple mantra spell over and over until my mind slid into the right groove, spat into the powder, kneaded it into a ball of clay-like paste, and crammed the paste into the keyhole.
I retreated to the back of my cell and called out the power word to detonate the paste. Nothing happened. I concentrated and tried again, still nothing. I must have nullified the ignition spell when I broke the pellets apart.
I used a piece of paper from a packet to rig a fuse but of course they had taken all my matches. Being a magician I did have ways around that, but right now I had a better way to cheat. I took one of my few remaining flash packets and moistened it with the water trickling down the wall, set it on the leftover papers on the floor, closed my eyes, turned my head away and said the power word.
I heard a pop and opened my eyes to see a ball of smoke rising from the paper, where the moistened packet had given me heat instead of light. I waved the acrid smoke away with my hand and blew gently on the glowing ember until little flames licked at the paper, then I picked it up and used it to ignite my fuse, which burned slowly, and a draft almost put it out, but as soon as the flame touched the paste, bam, the lock blew apart. I removed the hasp, released the latch and opened the door.
Women crowded against the bars, trying to see what had happened.
If the kidnappers had a spell to block the women from detection by magic, I must be inside the barrier now so I slipped my hand into my pocket and touched the personal items I'd taken along. Immediately I felt a connection and looked to the second door on my left, at a skinny girl, filthy, her dark hair hanging in greasy knots, but a spark still showing in her eyes.
"You're Laura, aren't you."
Her eyes widened. "Yes I am, but who are you?" The other women crowding around the barred door all looked the same question at me.
"My name is Berk. Your mother hired me to find you."
At the mention of her mother the girl burst into tears, but a less sentimental woman said, "You certainly took long enough."
"If it was easy the police would have been here weeks ago, but you're still alive and I'm here now." I called out the names of a few other women on my list and they came forward to identify themselves, but I didn't have time for reassurances. "I'll go for help. How do I get out of here?"
"Some rescue," the cynical woman muttered.
Laura said, "If you turn left at the end of this row of cells you'll find the way to the tunnel."
The cynical woman said, "But the tunnel entrance is locked and guarded. You can't get out that way."
"Is there any other way out?" I figured there had to be. Unfortunately nobody knew where it was. I said, "I guess I'll find out."
The women sagged and drifted away from the doors, appearing even less optimistic about my chances than I felt, but being imprisoned for so long might have dampened their spirits a little.
Miss Cynicism said, "I guess it's off to the volcano for the lot of us."
"Volcano?"
Nods from all the women still clustered at the bars. "They never told us why we're here, but some of the stupider thugs let a few things slip. They called us brides. I think they mean to ship us out and dump us in a volcano to appease some earth gods and prevent a big eruption."
"That sounds pretty crazy. Which volcano?"
"They didn't say, but I think there are enough of us for two or three volcanoes."
"I'll get the police."
"You do that. We'll wait right here."
I removed the torch from its bracket and entered the passage opposite the one that led to the tunnel, but it ended shortly at a large door of thick iron bars, which wasn't guarded, but it was bricked solidly into place and securely locked. At the edge of my torchlight I saw the bottom of a flight of stairs, presumably leading up to the back side of the large rock in the harbor.
I backtracked until I found a door, built of new wood, which opened into a small room with a peculiar metal apparatus set up in the middle. A hexagonal framework of iron bars, about chest high, supported a series of iron rings of decreasing size, forming a kind of funnel. Floating about five inches from the bottom was a rusted iron sphere about five inches in diameter. I heard a hum and realized the sphere was spinning rapidly. I moved closer and saw letters and symbols scratched into the rings. It was a spell frame.
In the control cycle of the five elements metal controls wood. The expansive, outward moving energy of wood, which is present in all living things, is countered by the contracting, inward moving energy of metal, making it very effective for a simple, but powerful, disruptive spell. Tufts of hair, of every shade and color, were glued to the top ring, presumably a sample from each prisoner. It was blocking my talent, and any similar magic, from finding any of the missing girls and women.
I thought about destroying it but it looked far too tough for any tools I had, and destroying it now wouldn't make any difference because I already knew how to find them.
I located a side passage that led into a maze of rooms and corridors, many of them partially collapsed. I hadn't gone very far when my torch died, leaving me in total darkness, and I realized I could no longer find my way back to the holding cells. "Some rescue," I muttered, echoing the cynical woman's opinion.
I admitted that I was lost. Maybe, I joked to myself, I could use my talent to find me. But that still wouldn't help me get where I needed to be, which was out of here.
I wasn't lost, I had only lost my way. 
I focused my talent on finding my lost way but I felt nothing. In order to get out I had to go up, which meant I needed a staircase, a ladder, or an air shaft. I pictured each in turn. Nothing.
Wandering aimlessly would only get me more lost so I stood there thinking for a few minutes. I needed a direction but my talent wasn't helping and I couldn't think of any magic that would be of use to me here. The darkness pressed in on me.
I wet my forefinger in my mouth and held it straight up. It felt slightly cooler on the left side so I shuffled along in the dark in that direction. I encountered a wall, followed it for a few yards, found a wide crack and slipped through. Across the room I saw a doorway only slightly less dark than everything around me. In my eagerness to get to it I stumbled over a heap of rubble, adding to my collection of bruises.
Through the doorway I moved more cautiously toward the light that came through a crack in the far wall. From there I could see light shining down through an air shaft but I had to tear some rubble loose to fit through the narrow crack. Even to my sensitized eyes it wasn't very bright but when I looked up I knew it was a way out because I could see moonlit clouds scudding by, making me feel like I was moving. I was pretty sure the people who captured me had no idea this escape route was here.
The air shaft was only about two feet square, which was a bit of a squeeze for my bulk, but by pressing against opposite sides I easily climbed toward the square of star-speckled sky at the top, though I did lose a few patches of skin when I slipped.
I poked my head out and looked down past a slope of tumbled, broken rock at a wide expanse of black water that stretched to the horizon. The shock of disorientation almost made me lose my grip but survival instincts took over and I didn't slip. I pulled myself out of the hole and looked all around. The rock behind me was dark against a glowing sky. I turned around and scrambled up the fifteen feet of slope to the peak. Across a brief expanse of glittering water the shining city of Agrippina spread along the shore and up the hills.
I was standing on the big rock that thrusts up into the bay about seventy yards from the docks. People argued about whether an ancient temple had once stood here or if these were natural rock formations. After tonight my vote was definitely for ancient temple.
From my present perspective the rock looked more like an island, but as far as I could see I was the only life on it. I shouted a few times but nobody on the shore or any of the ships responded. I might have better luck after the sun rose but I didn't have time for that, even if I had the patience.
I was still sweating from my exertions but the night breeze rapidly cooled me. I wasn't looking forward to swimming ashore, but I had no alternative. I clambered down to the water's edge and was fortunate enough to find a large piece of driftwood. It wasn't that far to swim but I didn't want to be dragged down by my clothing so I took off my boots and jacket, and used my shirt and pants to tie them to the driftwood.
When I stepped into the water the cold shock almost made me change my mind about waiting till morning, but I really couldn't stay on this inhospitable rock so I plunged in and started swimming, pushing my bundle of clothing ahead of me. I wasn't fond of swimming and there were sharks in the area so I wanted to get out of the water as quickly as possible.
When I reached shore I pulled on my wet clothes and headed for home, carrying my dripping boots. I was ready to crawl into bed but I had to report this to the police right away. It was not an especially cool night but, being soaked to the skin, I could fully appreciate the way every breath of wind sucked the heat out of me.
I felt drained by the time I got to my office. As I fumbled with my key a breeze from Old Harbor brought me a stench like a bad fart. I snorted the smell out of my nose, and when I inhaled the air was clear, but I knew that smell, I had learned it in school. Some sensitive people, myself included, perceive dark magic a foul smell. More alert now, I scanned the street and buildings upwind but all were dark and silent.
Zena was asleep on the small couch she had installed a couple of days ago, but she woke up when I came in and closed the door. "What happened to you?" She asked when I lit a lamp and she saw my wet clothes and the boots in my hand.
"I found the missing women."
"Where? On the bottom of the ocean?"
I let out a short laugh. "Good guess, you're very close, but no. They are, however, below sea level." Her blank look told me she didn't know what I was talking about but I wasn't in the mood to string her along. "They're in an improvised dungeon on a small island. I had to swim back to shore."
"An island? Where did you find an island."
"More like just a big rock. Here, I'll show you." I went to my desk, placed the ruler on the line I had drawn before I left, and extended it a few inches. It passed through the rock in the bay. It was so obvious I don't know how I had missed it before. I watched the light dawn in her eyes.
She said, "That is so obvious. Now."
"Yeah. Well, I've got to report everything I know to Quintus. Once the police are on the case I'm going to bed. You can have tomorrow morning off because I have no intention of getting up early."
She stood and cocked a hand on her hip. "You're just going to kick me out in the middle of the night when there are women disappearing all over Old City? When the people causing the disappearing have it in for you already?"
Put that way it sounded pretty stupid and insensitive. "No, of course not. You're welcome to stay, if you think it's safer here. You might even want to wait upstairs until I get back." I was too tired to care how she chose to interpret that. "I have to get into some dry clothes. If you need anything, let me know." I headed for the stairs myself.
"A blanket would be nice. And maybe a pillow."
Dry clothes made me feel human again and Zena used the blanket and pillow to get comfortable on the couch, but it took a major effort to get myself to the police station, even though it wasn't all that far away.
My old friend Thaddeus was at the front desk. I asked for Quintus.
"He's busy. I'll give him a message."
Yeah, right. When he was ready. "I have some information that could earn him a big bonus or get him a promotion and I don't want you standing in his way or horning in on any of the glory."
He sneered. "A likely story. He's in his office, go ahead and knock."
Quintus was busy but he put the work aside to listen, taking an occasional note. When I finished relating all I knew he said, "The masked man didn't say when the ship was coming but I guess it would be some time before moonrise, so they could work under cover of darkness. The night shift doesn't have the resources to put together a raid that size tonight, but I'll make sure it gets set up to happen first thing in the morning. Did you want to go along?"
"You bet."
"I'll leave a note for Inspector Marco to let him know."
"Just don't let Thaddeus get his hands on it."
As I let myself out of Quintus's office a woman was just exiting the front door. I couldn't be sure with just a glimpse from behind, at a distance, but she looked like Silvina, my landlady. I couldn't imagine why she would be here at this time of night but, although I was curious, it really wasn't any of my business, even if it was her, and I didn't particularly want to talk to her so I didn't hurry to catch up, and when I got to the street she was gone.

Chapter 41
The next morning I awoke to find sunlight streaming through a crack in my bedroom curtains, coming down at a forty-five degree angle. Mid morning already. Somehow Thaddeus had intercepted Quintus's note and I was left behind. I jumped out of bed and ran downstairs while pulling on a pair of pants.
Zena raised an eyebrow at my attire and handed me a note from Inspector Marco, telling me the raid was being set up for tonight, a couple of hours before midnight. Police were discreetly watching the house, and a police boat was in the harbor, pretending to make a raid on a nearby ship whose captain had agreed to the deception, and actually volunteered his crew to assist in the roundup.
I gave Zena the day off and told her to stay away from the office. I went to Caracalla's and worked out in the gym and lolled around in the bathhouse. I wanted to stay in public places where there were plenty of people around. The day was unproductive and uneventful. I was maybe a little bit stronger and certainly very clean, but it seemed to take forever for dark to roll around.
I went to the police station an hour before the scheduled time of the raid. Both Quintus and Marco were there, Quintus was busy, but Marco found time to talk to me.
"Hey, Berk, so glad you could make it."
"I wouldn't want to miss it, but why wait so long. By now they know I've escaped. I thought you would want to nail them before they had a chance to get away."
"They never had a chance. We watched the island all day in case they started anything, but we were pretty sure they wouldn't try to load their prisoners until after dark, but before the moon rises shortly after midnight. We hope to catch them in the act. While we take the land end of the tunnel Quintus will bring two more boats to take their ship and secure the rock. If everything goes according to plan we should meet in the middle."
As an auxiliary I was entitled to a sword while I was working with the police and Marco made sure I was issued one. "You do know how to use it, don't you?"
"Sure I do. The pointy end goes into the other guy." Marco's eyebrows went up but before he could say anything I said, "Don't worry, I served my stint in the army, I just haven't had a chance to practice lately."
I led them to the house. "This is the place where the wall opens. The cab drives right in, they unload their prisoner where no one can see, then the cab drives right out the other side."
I stood back while the police surrounded the house. Marco knocked on the door and when he got no answer he signaled for the battering ram, just a four-foot long oak log with handles attached, but it made short work of the latch, the lock and the bolt.
By the time I got inside the police had already rounded up the six men there. While they were being manacled I heard a cab rattle up to the big door, and then a subdued ring from a concealed bell. Everybody looked around with what-do-we-do looks.
"Let them in," I said, and ran to lift the big bar. One cop gave me a hand and a couple more pulled the doors open. The cab rolled right in and we were closing the doors before the driver realized cops were holding the horses. The three guys inside jumped out, noticed that they were busted, and made a futile run for it, one of them charging straight at me.
I recognized my old friend with the scar on his arm at the same time he recognized me, his face lighting up with anticipation while I acted too scared to run away. He came full speed at me, I braced myself, dropped into a crouch and hit him low, flipping his legs out from under him and standing up as he passed over me. He completed one and a quarter revolutions before his face smacked into the floor, where he lay without moving, blood spreading from the point of impact.
I looked into the cab. The fourth passenger was a woman with a black cloth sack tied over her head, and her hands and feet bound in front of her. Thinking she could use some fresh air I untied the hood and pulled it off.
"Well don't just sit there staring," my mother said, "untie me."
"Vera, is that you?" Marco popped in from the other side.
"Yes, Marco, it's me. Now can you please untie me?" She offered her hands to him.
It took a second or two for me to start moving. I stuck my knife between her ankles and carefully sawed at the rope. "You two know each other?" My effort to sound casual failed dismally even in my own ears.
"Of course we do, dear. He's the man you wouldn't let me tell you about."
My face got hot and I was glad the light was dim. "Well you were right, I do like him."
"I hate to interrupt this family reunion but we have work to do. Vera my dear, I'm going to send you home in this cab with a couple of officers." He kissed her on the cheek, closed the door and started giving orders.
My mother looked at me but I couldn't think of anything to say. She smiled gently and said, "Why don't you come over for lunch tomorrow."
"Sure." I patted her hand and closed the door.
Marco posted some cops in case another cab showed up, then said, "Berk, I think we need your help to find the tunnel."
I had been so jarred by the revelation that Marco and my mother were an item that I had forgotten our purpose here. "Yeah, sure, let me think a minute." I pulled my thoughts into focus, tried to get an impression. "Nothing. It has to be in the basement. I'll try again there." By the time I reached the bottom of the stairs my mind had settled and I was in a more receptive state.
The basement was one large room carved out of the rock, filled with rows of posts supporting the beams that supported the floor above. I could sense the tunnel that led away but the entrance from the basement was obscured. "There's magic blocking my talent," I told Marco in response to his unspoken question. "I need to get closer."
Shadows danced as a swarm of cops equipped with lanterns conducted their own search, scraping and prying and tapping without any success. I ran my hand around the entire perimeter of the basement but I felt only solid rock. Marco paced rapidly in a small oval in the center of the room, anxious for results.
"It's not in the walls," I told them, "so it must be in the floor."
The pounding and shuffling that followed was near deafening. I got down on my hands and knees and felt my way along the floor. About five feet from the wall my fingers found a crack that my eyes told me wasn't there. "Over here," I shouted.
Working blind we soon raised a trapdoor, but even then the opening looked like undisturbed floor. Marcus went first, disappearing into the illusion, followed one by one by the rest of the cops, with me bringing up the rear, down a steep flight of narrow, stone stairs and along a tunnel not quite high enough for me to walk upright.
The line stopped moving, I heard some fierce fighting at the head of the line, then a loud whistle that increased in pitch until I could no longer hear it, some shouts, and then the line started moving again. As I passed through a door of iron bars that had been inset across the tunnel I saw two dead bodies sprawled on the floor, pushed aside when the door was forced open.
Four rooms had been set up as living quarters for the guards, with charcoal heaters, comfortable mattresses, and a well-stocked larder, while their prisoners had chilly cells, damp straw, and starvation rations of cheap gruel. One corner had been set up as a sort of office. I took a closer look at a list of numbers on one wall, and figured it could be a record of how many women they had brought in through the tunnel.
"Don't touch that," a cop said. "That's evidence and we'll get to it in due time."
Under his watchful eye I stepped away from it and moved on to the cell area, where the police had routed the cultists before I had a chance to fight. Not that I was complaining too much.
I helped put the survivors into an empty cell for temporary storage while the women they had been escorting to the ship now wandered free. Miss Cynicism approached with a ring of keys. "Use this one."
The key she held out looked no different than the others hanging on the key ring but it locked the cell.
"What took you so long?" demanded Miss Cynicism.
"I was ready to go early this morning, but the cops wanted to wait till after dark so they could capture the ship and a lot more cultists."
"Well thanks for coming back." To my surprise she gave me a peck on the cheek.
"You're welcome. We better let the rest of the women out."
In front of the door of the next cell lay the inert body of a dark-skinned woman with a red stain on her dress between her breasts. Despite the fact that I had never seen her in the flesh before she looked familiar to me, and when I squatted I next to her memory hit me like a vision; this was Laura, daughter of Stella, who had hired me three weeks ago, while the paint was still wet on my new sign. Despite my jaunty attitude that day things hadn't turned out very well. Two of the three people I'd been hired to find that day had turned up dead, and the third had a totally new identity.
It was the responsibility of the police to tell Stella that her daughter was dead, but I still didn't look forward to talking to her. "What happened to her?"
"They used her as an example of what would happen to anybody who stepped out of line. They already took out about thirty women before the cops arrived."
I quickly unlocked the rest of the cells, without paying much attention to the babble of thanks as the women came out. One cop stood guard at the locked cell full of cultists. I handed him the keys, drew my sword and hurried through the door that had been locked to me the last time I was here.
At the top of the flight of steps a solid wooden door, painted to match the rock, stood open. A narrow passage let out onto a rocky piece of beach resounding with the clash of weapons, the grunts of men, and the occasional scream of a woman. A dozen lanterns on the police boat, and as many more scattered on the shore, illuminated the melee but they shone into my eyes and hindered as much as they helped.
I joined the fray, wondering why there were so many cultists still fighting and why there was only one police boat. For  several minutes I felt like I was back in the army in a bloody fight for my life. I don't know what the odds were to start with but the police had superior weapons and were by far the better fighters, gradually reducing the numbers of cultists and gaining the upper hand. A few of them surrendered rather than fighting to the death and that inspired the rest. so all of a sudden the skirmish was over.
Some of the police from the boat got breath enough to talk instead of fight and one of them told me what happened. "Their ship got here right after dark but the watch didn't see it, probably because they used some kind of cloaking spell. They had at least a couple of dozen women loaded onto the boat when we got here but it took off before we could touch it. Quintus chased it in the other boat."
Another cop said, "They knew we were coming so they brought extra men to fight. We had to make do with what we had."
"We had a few delays coming from the other end but not much resistance. I'm glad I could help."
The cop used his sleeve to wipe the sweat off his face. "I'm glad too."
Marco found me. "So, did you find all the women you were  looking for?"
"I have no idea, it's too chaotic in there right now. Tomorrow morning I'll bring in a list to see how many of them were here."
"Care to join us rounding up and processing these losers."
I shook my head. "That sounds like a lot of fun but I would rather be safe at home, in my bed, catching up on my sleep. Last night was pretty rough."
He shook his head and looked at me like I was crazy. "You're right, you wouldn't make a good cop. Catch you later." He tipped me a wink and left.
I winced. I still don't like it when a cop says that to me.
When I got home I pulled out a few envelopes and touched the personal items inside, just to see what kind of impression I would get. Each time I got a picture of the woman in my mind and a precise direction and location, as if it had been marked on a map. It was that easy. I sighed and went to bed. I had a busy day ahead of me tomorrow.

Chapter 42
The next day the massive rescue of nearly a hundred women, and the arrest of the Brides of Vulcan cultists was the biggest story of the year in the news bulletins, and the buzz was all over the city. After my mother visited especially to ask what I thought of the articles I had to go and read some for myself.
I told Zena to stay in the office to deal with those clients who came looking for me while I was out talking to other clients about wrapping up their cases.
"What should I charge them?"
I considered at some length. "Just charge them an hour each, and if they want to pay more, don't argue." 
"What if they don't want to pay that much?"
"Then they probably won't come here, and if they do, tell them you're not authorized to haggle."
I went to the small forum near the Old Harbor end of Germanicus Avenue, but the crowd was so dense I couldn't get close enough to read anything. Somebody started reading aloud. It wasn't the story I wanted to hear but it drew enough people away to get me a few steps closer. I have good eyesight and I'm taller than average, so even a few rows from the front I could read for myself, which was a lot faster.
The bulletins like to sensationalize everything and they had picked me to portray as the hero so I came off looking pretty good, though the amount of credit they gave me was embarrassing. It turned out that all ten of the missing women I hadn't been able to find for so long were among those being held captive by the Brides of Vulcan. Some of them had been taken away on the cultists ship, but the ship had been captured and brought back to Agrippina early in the morning. A lot of the women, some barely into puberty, were homeless, the sort of person that can go missing without anybody noticing. They had been held captive the longest because nobody noticed they were gone from the streets and their disappearances aroused no suspicion.
Inevitably someone recognized me and I had to suffer the adulation of the crowd. Standing under a cerulean sky with spring sunshine beaming down on me I couldn't help but feel like a hero, but Laura remained in my thoughts, Laura, the only casualty, randomly chosen to make a point for her captors. My first visit was to her mother, to refund the retainer she'd given me.
In the afternoon I had to present myself at a fancy ceremony where I was thanked personally by the Chief of Police and the mayor himself. I wasn't the only one getting accolades but all the attention directed at me made me self-conscious. Inspector Marco didn't seem to be enjoying himself either, but it was good for business so I tried to smile through it. It helped when I spotted my mother in the audience, glowing with pride.
#  #  #
Tying up all the loose ends filled all my time the next day and part of the morning after that.
When Zena came in from her law class she said, "That class can be pretty boring but it is useful."
"Oh really? What did you learn?"
She shook her head and I watched the way her hair bounced. "Nothing very useful in class yet, but being a law student got me access to some public records. I sweet-talked a cute little clerk and he told me even more."
"About what?"
"About this building."
"What's interesting about this building?" I yawned.
"If you care that much maybe I won't tell you."
I shrugged and examined my fingernails.
"Alright, I'll tell you."
"Oh, good." I quit pretending I wasn't interested and turned my attention to her.
"It's not much anyway, and I don't know if it even means anything. The cute little clerk told me that Silvina paid for this building with gold bullion, which doesn't happen very often anymore, and is frequently a sign of illegal activities. And nobody knows where she came from or how she got her money or anything about her."
"Your clerk boyfriend told you that too?"
She shot me a quick mock glare. "No, I've been talking to the neighbors."
"I already knew she was strange, and now you're telling me she's a criminal too."
"I'm just saying she might have been."
I thought back about what I knew of her and had to admit, "You could very well be right."
Zena looked around the office, then at me, and asked, "What now?"
I took a look around the office and that's when the realization hit me. "Hey, this is the first time in weeks that I haven't had a job. Sure there were times when I wasn't doing anything, but there was still unfinished business. Speaking of business, how did we do on the whole kidnapping thing?"
"If I add up all the money you took in and divide by the number of hours you spent on the case, I'd have to say your clients got the better end of the deal."
"I still have enough to take you out for lunch." I was almost at the door and Zena was almost ready to go when my mother arrived.
"You didn't show up for lunch yesterday so I thought I would catch you today." She stood by the door, waiting, as if I should have expected her and been ready sooner, perhaps waiting outside in eager anticipation of her arrival. The thought crossed my mind that three minutes ago would have been a good time for my departure.
"I'm sorry, I was too busy all day yesterday wrapping up the Brides Of Vulcan case, but you're just in time today, we were heading down to Pete's Place for some clam chowder. Why don't you join us?"
Her nose wrinkled at the thought of entering the dingy little shanty on the waterfront, but they serve the best seafood in town, and at a fraction of the price of the fancy place my mother favored. She sighed and agreed to accompany us. It took only a few minutes for the three of us to walk down to the waterfront and get settled.
"I hear you're dating a police inspector," Zena said.
My mother smiled warmly. "Yes, he's wonderful. We've been together for weeks now."
"What does Berk think? He never told me."
"That's because he just found out a couple of days ago and I think he's still stunned. He hasn't yet told me what he thinks either." They both looked at me with raised eyebrows. I just shrugged and gave them a dumb smile but they kept staring.
I gave up. "Alright, he's a great guy. I'm glad you're happy with him."
The two women did most of the talking after that, so I was glad when the food arrived, giving me something to do besides pretend I wasn't listening. I didn't like the way my mother was talking about me to Zena. Nothing bad, just more than I wanted her to know. As soon as I finished eating I got up. "I'm going back to the office, if you two can handle discussing me without me present. Zena, you can take the afternoon off if you want to."
#  #  #
The morning after that I headed downstairs when I heard Zena unlocking the street door, and I got to my office in time to see her pick up an envelope from the floor below the mail slot. "Here's an important message for you," she said, handing it to me.
My name, and my agency name, were written in fancy script on the front, and the wax on the back, looking very official and impressive, was stamped with the seal of the mayor's office. I tore it open before I sat down. It contained an urgent request that I see the mayor as soon as possible about a very important job. I tucked the letter into a pocket and said, "I gotta go see the mayor about an important job."
"Good luck." Zena gave me a peck on the cheek as I went out.
I have to admit I don't look like the type of person who normally deals with the mayor, but attitudes in the outer office changed as soon as I showed my letter and I was ushered right in. The mayor bounced out of his plush seat and scurried around his big shiny desk with his hand out. "Berk. Nice of you to come. We are so fortunate to have somebody with your talents in our city." My hand engulfed his. He gave a quick pump and released it, then turned away and started pacing instead of returning to his own chair. "Did anyone tell you why I called you here?"
"No. The message just said it was important."
"Well it is. Last night a gang broke into my daughter's house. It was a brutal invasion, no finesse at all, some of her staff were badly hurt, and the gang disappeared with my daughter." He stopped in front of me. "The police are in a city-wide scramble to find her, but I know that it was you who found all those missing women, so I asked Inspector Quintus how to contact you. Can you help me?"
This is different, I thought, a man with lots of money hiring me instead of a woman who is nearly broke, but he had the same underlying desperation in his eyes. I nodded. "I certainly hope so. Do you have an item of clothing or jewelry that she wore recently?"
He nodded rapidly as he went behind his desk. "Quintus told me how you operated so I got this." Without sitting down he reached into a drawer and handed me an earring.
As soon as it touched my hand I felt an immediate connection and pointed southwest. "She's that way, on a small boat with one mast, bound and gagged in a sail bag so no one will see her."
The mayor stood frozen, staring at me for several seconds. Apparently he hadn't expected that much from me so fast, and after taking so long to find the kidnapped women I hadn't either, but he didn't need to know that. It was easy for me this time because these kidnappers didn't have a dark practitioner of magic covering their tracks.
The mayor snapped out of his daze and called in his secretary to get the police. I went along to guide them.
#  #  #
When we got to the docks I could tell she was not in any boat here. The officer in charge looked at me and raised his eyebrows in a silent question. I concentrated and rubbed the earring to get a better impression, then pointed. "They're that way, but I can't tell how far. Can you get a fast boat?"
"I sure can."
Half an hour later we were on a fast police boat. The brisk onshore wind meant the kidnappers, with a head start of at least a couple of hours, were miles away, but we had more sail and a bank of oars on each side. I took a couple of spells on an oar, pulling my weight, which earned me some respect, but I couldn't match the oarsmen for stamina, which prompted some ribbing.
As I lounged against the railing, watching the waves while the breeze dried my sweat, a cop approached and leaned on the rail beside me. "Aren't you the guy who helped us catch the Skinner?"
I nodded and waited for him to get to the point, if he had one.
"You remember that weird knife he used?"
I nodded again.
"Yesterday when I was taking some evidence into the locker I saw that the knife was gone. Somebody went through all the effort of breaking into the police station and the only thing they took was that knife. What do you think of that?"
"Somebody wants it badly. The killer is already dead so it must be the dark Wizard who wants it back."
"Hey, yeah, that's a scary thought. Who else could get into the evidence locker without being detected? But what does it really matter? We already caught the killer, that's the most important thing."
"I hope you're right about that, but there's still a dark Wizard at large in the city somewhere, and that can't be good." Maybe two of them; one had been involved in the cult's kidnappings too.
"You got a point there. The matter is under investigation but I'm not involved. I hope they catch him soon."
It took us about three hours to overtake the kidnappers. The four men thought they were home free until our boat cut across their bow and they were ordered to heave to. I recognized one of them because it was the same surprised face I had flashed in the alley three weeks ago. They gave up without a fight, though one man did plead for us to let them go.
"What we're doing is important. It is for the benefit of everybody. You must let us sacrifice this girl to the earth gods or suffer the consequences when the volcano erupts, and that will only be the beginning of the destruction. There will be earthquakes and eruptions where there never were before. The whole world will shake."
The police officer said, "Ooooo ooooo, see us all quivering in our boots. But why did you take the mayor's daughter? Did you think no one would notice?"
"We knew there would be a big stink but we had to do it. There wasn't time to gather a whole lot of lesser women again, and we couldn't find a princess or get to the senator's daughter, so we took the most important woman we could get our hands on, hoping she would be enough."
"Well you can't have her. You're all under arrest."
Even though I was back on shore in the middle of the afternoon the mayor insisted on paying me for the whole day, and then he doubled it, as a bonus. When I told Zena she said, "Wow, that was some easy money."
"You said it. This makes up for some of the time I spent without being paid on all those missing women. What do you say we quit early and you let me take you somewhere special for dinner?"
She looked out the window and smiled. "I don't see your mother so that's an offer I can't refuse."

Chapter 43
A couple of days later I was still eating breakfast upstairs when someone started pounding on the door of my office. I continued eating. If it was really important they could wait until I got there, or come back later.
It must have been extremely important because the pounding didn't stop, it just changed as the person pounded on different parts of the door with different parts of his fist, so I picked up my plate and went downstairs. As soon as I unlocked the door it pushed open so fast I had to jump back to avoid getting hit. A huge black man filled the doorway, paused for a second while he looked me over, then addressed me in a deep, rumbling voice, "You are Berk?"
The way he said it was as much a statement as a question, and he wasn't as big as he first appeared, but his bulging muscles looked solid, so I swallowed and answered anyway. "Yes I am. How can I help you?" I glanced at the food still on my plate as I set it down on Zena's table.
"I am Zareb, an emissary from King Ajani of Zenobia." He sat down without being asked. Before I got to my seat behind my desk he was already talking. "I am part of a delegation that has come to your fair city to negotiate trade deals." I leaned back, put on my polite listening face, and waited for him to get to the point, which he did, faster than most clients. "The young princess Nyanza accompanied us."
"How young?" I interrupted.
"Sixteen next month." I nodded and he continued. "She disappeared from her hotel room last night."
"Hotel Room?"
"Yes, at Caesar's Palace. We're a small nation, not yet officially recognized by Rome, so we handle our own accommodations." His eyes bored into me for a second before he continued. "The police were called immediately but they found nothing useful. Inspector Quintus assured me the police are doing all they can and suggested I call on you if I wanted more. He said you are a Magician."
I nodded. "I'm certified, which means I graduated from the Roman Institute Of Magic, but I wasn't elevated. I do have a natural talent for finding things, though, including people."
If he was impressed it didn't show on his face, but apparently he understood. "We need more foreign markets so our economy will grow. Some factions would use the disappearance of the princess as an excuse to return to the old ways of isolation, but my father and I do not want that to happen, so it is essential that we find Nyanza quickly."
His father? Oh, of course. He didn't want me to know he was a prince, the sister of the princess. I nodded again. "I understand your urgency. I'll do what I can."
He counted out several large gold coins and set them in a precise stack six inches on his side of the center line of my desk. "I don't know what other cases you have ongoing at this time but I will pay you enough to set them aside and concentrate solely on finding Princess Nyanza."
It so happened that I didn't have any other cases, but the stack of gleaming gold coins was big enough that I would have set any other case aside without a second thought. Resisting the impulse to snatch them up and hold them, I tore my eyes away and looked up at his face, which was calm and patient, and his gaze was steady. I took a deep breath, reached out deliberately and slid the coins a foot closer to myself, then let go of them and leaned back in my chair. "I'll need to see her hotel room first, exactly as it was."
"The police disturbed some things."
"That shouldn't matter much, as long as no one took anything away. Take me there." I left a brief note for Zena, who would be in late because she was at class this morning, then followed the African prince outside.
Waiting for us was an elegant coach pulled by four white horses. I sank into the plush cushions and marvelled at the smoothness of the suspension as compared to an ordinary cab. When we were well on our way to the hotel I asked, "What have the police figured out so far?"
"The guards were drugged and there was no sign of forced entry. Two of the hotel staff have disappeared, so the police are sure they were involved, but haven't been able to find them. The princess's servants were also drugged. They're awake now but none of them remember anything from last night."
The hotel was extravagant, so upscale they probably wouldn't have let me in at all if I wasn't with Prince Zareb. How they got the princess out past all the security was beyond me, but I only had to find her, not figure out every step of how she got wherever she was. My talent was certainly useful in circumventing conventional investigative techniques, but I had learned that it had limits, so sometimes I had to use conventional methods to get the job done.
The air in her room still held the lingering fragrance of a desert flower. I felt Zareb's eyes on me as I looked around, overwhelmed by all the gold and silk. Feeling like an invader, I oriented on a dressing table and found a gold comb with a few curly black hairs stuck in it. When I picked it up I got a flash of a beautiful, young black woman sitting in front of a mirror while her hair was being combed, but I felt no connection to the owner.
I did my trance thing and tried harder. Still nothing. When I looked up Zareb was staring intently at me. I shrugged. His features hardened and he said, "The mayor told me you knew where his daughter was the instant you touched her earring. Why can't you tell me where Nyanza is?"
"Those punks were amateurs. I'm being blocked now, so whoever took the princess has a Magician or a Wizard working with them. Their magic is blocking mine."
"So you're useless to us."
"Hey, settle down, I'm just starting. Give me a chance and I might be able to find a way to get around the block." I opened myself to what I normally considered a dangerous level and circled the room, touching everything. Because of my sensitivity I was bombarded with irrelevant images, many of them rather disturbing, but I didn't want to miss anything that might be relevant so I had to be thorough. Zareb stood in one spot, with his bulging arms folded across his chest, turning to watch my every move. By now I was getting used to tuning out my clients while I was working my talent, but he was hard to ignore.
On the carpet, about ten feet from the bed, I spotted a single slipper that looked like it had fallen there. When I picked it up I knew two things; it had recently been worn by the princess and the other slipper was less than twenty feet away, below me.
I asked Zareb, "Who's in the room below us?"
He shrugged. "It could be anybody. Why?"
"Let's get down there and see." His eyes narrowed but he didn't ask any more questions and he didn't dawdle.
Downstairs the maid cleaning the room freaked when Zareb walked into the room flanked by two sword-wielding warriors. Zareb explained why we were here. Even though our presence wasn't really legitimate she didn't seem inclined to argue. In fact, she seemed glad to leave.
I went straight to the bed and found the companion to the slipper tangled up in the bedclothes the maid had been about to remove.
Zareb took it from me, studied it for a few seconds, then looked around the room. "So she was here. But where did they take her from here?" He folded his arms and directed his stare at me.
His skepticism was beginning to irk me, so I decided it was time to annoy him back. "I don't know," I said, giving him an exaggerated shrug with a stupid expression on my face. His stare turned into a glare and his brow furrowed into a frown. I smiled and held up a finger, which irritated him more, and said, "But I'm not finished yet. Remember, I am a Certified Magician, and now it's time for some magic."
Zareb's glare faded but his skepticism still showed.
I got the staff to bring me a candle, some salt, a silver spoon, a bowl of water, and a wooden spoon. I set up the items and performed the ritual, then repeated the incantation over and over while I sank into a trance, gathering energy in the center of my mind, compressing it until I was ready.
I released the ball of energy and it expanded rapidly, leaving me a mental picture of what had happened in this room and in the room upstairs, as well as every other room within forty feet in every direction, but I let that fade, concentrating only on the relevant images. Trying to ignore the building headache, I summed it up for Zareb.
"Something woke her up and she put on her slippers."
Zareb frowned at me like I was crazy. "Why would she do that?"
I shrugged. "Because of something they told her, or maybe she was already under a spell. It doesn't matter. They drugged her, or used magic to put her to sleep along with the guards and her staff, wrapped her in bedclothes, and lowered her over the balcony. In this room they disguised her as an elderly white woman, kept her drugged until morning, then walked out with her, just a normal couple helping their senile mother."
 Zareb exploded. "You mean they were right here in this room the whole time the police were searching the hotel?"
"I guess so. The police must have questioned them and let them go early this morning. You can bet they gave false names, lied about where they were going, and left at the first opportunity."
"So why didn't Nyanza say anything to the police, or at least draw attention to herself?"
"Because their Wizard didn't give her a chance."
"Can you tell who they were or what they looked like?"
I shook my head. "I had no connection with them, and they were using some kind of protective magic. I think the police can follow that lead better than me."
"So what can you do?" He had unfolded his arms and moved closer to me, and now he leaned forward in anticipation of my answer, but ironically, now that he was beginning to believe in me, I felt like I was at a dead end.
"I'm not sure." I rubbed my temples and sent one of Zareb's tag-alongs to get me some red wine for my headache, then wandered around the room, searching for inspiration, but the kidnappers had removed all trace of themselves from the room, so everything I saw belonged to the hotel.
I remembered what Acastus had told me about identifying a person from a single hair and got down on my hands and knees to scrutinize the carpet around the bed, but there were so many hairs most of them had to be irrelevant. Let the police sort through them, I didn't have the spell anyway.
When the wine arrived I downed two glasses before continuing my scrutiny. Under a dresser, in the shadow behind a leg, I found an ivory button. When I showed it to Zareb and asked if Nyanza had anything like it on any of her clothes he thought for a bit and said, "I don't think so. I'll ask her servants."
He returned a few minutes later shaking his head. "As far as anybody knows, it's not hers."
"That's what I thought, so it must be from one of the kidnappers." I felt nothing when I took it back.
I stared at it. What could I do with a lost button? But I had the button so it wasn't lost. It was the garment the button came from that was lost. With that frame of reference I concentrated on the button-garment connection and opened myself to impressions. The connection was strong because both items were aspects of wood energy, which is my strongest, the button had been attached to the garment for a long time, and the blocking spell was applied to the princess and the kidnappers, so the button-to-garment connection was not hindered by it. I smiled at Zareb. "I can't locate the princess, but I can take you to the garment this button came from."
"It belongs to one of the kidnappers?"
"Maybe. Probably."
He hesitated, disturbed by my lack of certainty, then made up his mind. "Let's go."
He was halfway to the door before I turned around to follow him. "Should we bring the police along?"
"There is no need. I have my own guards."
"That's not exactly what I meant. They might get upset if you start picking on citizens."
"Let me worry about that. Just take me to the place and stand back."
I rode with Zareb in his fancy carriage, accompanied by a squad of black warriors on horseback. At a more sedate pace it would have been a pleasant ride, sitting on soft cushions, sheltered from the hot sun.
#  #  #
I stood behind a row of dismounted warriors as Zareb knocked on the door. It was opened by Magnus Camillus, the lawyer who had hired me three weeks ago to find a document that had gone astray, whose place I had been ambushed walking home from. He was somewhat taken aback by what he saw but he maintained his aplomb. "How can I help you?"
The voice was altered but as soon as he spoke I recognized it. Before Zareb could reply I said, "You're the man behind the mask."
I had no proof of that and, being a lawyer, he should have known enough to keep his mouth shut, but as soon as he saw me his anger boiled up and his first reaction spilled out unhindered. "You again. I should have had you cut you into tiny pieces when I had the chance."
Zareb slapped him across the mouth. "Don't talk to my friend that way." Magnus backed up a step and tried to close the door but Zareb blocked it with his foot and asked me, "Do you know this man?"
"He kidnapped me and left me to starve to death in a cell. He was a leader of the cult that kidnapped dozens of young women in the past month."
"That's a lie," Magnus said as he backed into the room. Everybody followed him in. "Get out of here, all of you, or I'll call the police."
I closed the door behind me and leaned on it.
Zareb said, "Go ahead and call for them as loud as you like. I'll deal with them when they get here, but right now you're going to tell us everything you know about Princess Nyanza."
"I don't know anything."
Zareb punched the lawyer in the face and two of the warriors picked him up. "Ready to talk?"
The lawyer's eye was already discolored and swelling, to match his fat lip. "Fuck you. You're all going to jail. Do you hear me?"
Zareb said to me, "You don't have to see this." They took him down into his own basement and I stepped outside but I still heard his screams. I can dish out pain when I'm fighting a guy who's trying to clobber me, but I didn't approve of what they were doing down there. Not that I had any intention of telling them to stop. I could tell they were in no mood to listen to my moral qualms.
When they came back Zareb said, "You were right about how they got her out of the hotel. They took her here in a coach, then switched coaches, thinking they would be clever and take their sacrifice away by land this time, but I know where they're taking her. This loser here sent his private yacht to meet them. How are you at riding a horse?"
"I did it a few times while I was in the army but I wasn't very good."
Zareb grinned at me and slapped me on the back. "Then just try to keep up."

Chapter 44
Zareb dispatched a message to the police and another to the African ship to tell them where Magnus's yacht was heading. The rest of us mounted up and headed south, out of the city. Depending on how fast the kidnappers were driving they could already be at the rendezvous, but we still had a chance to catch them on land because Magnus couldn't send out his yacht until the chain across the mouth of Old Harbor was opened. If they got her onto the yacht before the African ship or a police boat arrived we might never be able to find her.
 The road headed south for about five miles, then bent to the west paralleling the coast. I wasn't familiar with this region but Zareb seemed confident of his destination, galloping along at full speed. I rode an excellent steed with a smooth stride, but it was the longest horseback ride of my life and it gave me the worst beating I could remember, the heat and dust adding to the experience, removing from me any desire to ever climb onto a horse again.
It felt like days passing in the saddle but the sun barely moved in the sky. At long last Zareb slowed a bit, searching for a landmark the lawyer had told him about. He found it and turned onto a rough, narrow, dirt road that wound down through the forest to the shore. The tired horses slowed down even more. Zareb dropped back to talk to me.
The trees thinned and the two lead warriors on their mounts emerged from the shadows into a patch of bright sunlight. A brilliant flash of white light blinded everybody and the horses all skidded to a halt. When I blinked the afterimage out of my eyes I saw the two horses and their riders sprawled on the ground.
"What on earth was that?" Zareb asked.
"Wizard magic," I said, dismounting. "They have a wizard down there and he knows we're here."
"Can you fight him?"
I shook my head. "Not head-to-head. Judging by that spell, he's a lot stronger than me. We'll have to outsmart him."
"Are they dead?"
"I don't know. I think it was just a stun spell. See, the horses are still breathing. You can check on the men while I try to find out if the princess is down there, but stay low, I think that was a line-of-sight spell."
I got out Nyanza's comb and held it in both hands. Now that I was no longer bouncing on the back of a galloping horse I could concentrate, and I was close enough to pick up a faint impression even through the block.
I looked up to see Zareb watching me. I said, "She's down there."
He said, "My men are alive. The kidnappers are holed up in a group of large boulders near the shore, where the Wizard has a line of sight to the road. Any ideas how to get to that Wizard?"
"Do you have any archers?"
"All of my men can shoot, but we brought only two bows, and if the archers expose themselves too much they'll be stunned for sure, and they don't have much chance of hitting anything behind those rocks."
"Tell them to give me five minutes, then start shooting anyway. I can cloak myself so he can't detect my aura, especially if he's busy worrying about you guys, then I'll circle wide and come at them from below."
He nodded and started giving orders.
I trotted back up the road about a hundred paces, then made my way down the wooded slope to the shore, all the time repeating the dull mantra that cloaked my aura, making my presence harder for the wizard to detect. I heard an occasional arrow rattle off the rocks without endangering anybody, and every now and then a flash of light from up the slope assured me the Africans had the attention of the wizard.
At the bottom of the slope I came out of the trees and underbrush that had provided cover, so from now on I had to rely on the rocks, and I would be exposed from the sea side. Looking out to sea I spotted a distant sail, Magnus's yacht no doubt, speeding to the rendezvous point. I didn't have much time.
I calmed myself, reestablished the mantra, then crept closer to the wizard's hideout, trying to hurry while keeping quiet and not thinking about the yacht getting closer. 
The wizard had four henchmen that I could see, all armed with spears and swords, but for now only the wizard was doing any fighting. All five men had their attention directed up the hill, but there was no way I could take them all out before they turned on me, and if I didn't do something to break this stalemate soon the yacht would arrive with reinforcements for them.
My best bet was to take care of the wizard, and bluff the others until the Africans could get down here, but I could only do my stun spell well enough to knock out a man three times out of ten, so it probably wouldn't work against the Wizard, though I was pretty sure it would at least slow him down for a second or two, which might be all the chance I needed.
I crept closer and closer, keeping my breathing steady and my mind as empty as I could make it while still moving. When I was ready I stood up and threw half a dozen smoke pellets. All five men heard the slight sound the pellets made as they landed behind them and as they turned I blasted the wizard with the full force of my stun spell, then invoked the smoke pellets, which went off with a series of small pops, creating an instant, waist-high cloud of smoke that billowed upward. The wizard staggered and slumped a bit but recovered right away.
By then all my flash packets were already in the air. I closed my eyes and set them off before the Wizard could point his finger to blast me with his stun spell, then dashed forward while they were all blinded, and thrust my sword through the wizard's heart. A jolt of energy stiffened every muscle in my body and I felt myself toppling over sideways, but couldn't do anything about it. I landed with a crash and slowly, painfully managed to turn my head enough to watch the wizard.
He screamed as cold, blue flames shot out around the sword still stuck through him. Clawing at the sword he dropped to his knees and fell over, curled up into a fetal position. His whole body burst into blue flames that flared high for a few seconds then faded, his shriek rising and falling with the flames.
For several seconds I was weaponless and paralyzed but the kidnappers showed their true colors and fled. My body still tingled as I got to my feet and I couldn't see more than ten feet through the smoke as I entered the narrow cave the wizard had been guarding.
About ten feet in the cave jogged to the right and widened. Not much daylight made it back here but there was enough for me to see a dark-skinned woman huddled against the back wall.
"I'm here to rescue you," I said, stepping closer.
When she saw that I was not one of her captors she stood up and I heard the rattle of a chain. Even in the thread-bare peasant's dress she wore Princess Nyanza was a stunning beauty, but I didn't get much of an opportunity to look at her as she charged forward and wrapped her arms around me. "Oh thank you for saving me," she said, pressing her pert little teenage body against me. I started getting an erection right away and gently pushed her back.
She took on a coy look and in mocking tones said, "What's the matter, don't you like me?" She reached out and put her hand on my growing erection.
I felt like grabbing her and crushing her to me but I didn't move. "Of course I like you. You're beautiful, absolutely stunning, and I would love to make love to you, right here, right now, and I would do it too, if I thought I had even a ghost of a chance of surviving afterward." I gently pushed her hand away and took a couple of steps back, so the chain manacled to her ankle kept her from reaching me. "I'm tempted to do it anyway and damn the consequences, but there's no time, your brother is coming." She pouted her lips in an endearing fashion. "But don't worry, you'll get plenty of chances with better men than me. I'll find a key to those manacles."
Zareb came into the cave then and hurrying to his sister he took her in his arms and said comforting things to her while she clung to him. To me he said, "I saw what you did. You risked your life. I will see that you are rewarded well, over and above your fee, and if you ever need anything from any Zenobian anywhere, you need only ask."
I thanked him for his generosity and went out into the bright sunlight to search the wizard's body for the key. His clothing was dry and brittle, like it was a hundred years old, his skin had a bluish tinge and was wrinkled like a mummy's, and the flesh was already cold.
When I turned him over to search his other side a small dagger tucked into his belt caught my eye. It was rather plain, with no jewels and only a simple leaf-pattern engraved near the hilt, but it was the same shiny, silvery-white metal as the knife I had found in the Minotaur's Mansion, and it looked familiar. I stared at it for half a minute before I realized where I'd seen it; in Silvina's store, when I bought my new knife.
Maybe he had just walked into the store and bought it off the shelf, but I suspected that wasn't the case. I remembered the night last week, on my way home after escaping from the rock in the harbor, when the stench of dark sorcery had blown past me, and then, a bit later, I thought I saw Silvina leaving the police station just ahead of me. Suspicious, but far from conclusive. What would she want with a dark wizard? Was she involved in the volcano cult?
I continued my search until I found a ring of keys in one pocket, then went back to free Nyanza.
When the yacht showed up twenty minutes later we pretended to escort Princess Nyanza to the shore, then jumped the small crew. They fought hard but they were no match for the Africans, who subdued them without any casualties or serious injuries to either side.
There was sure to be a bit of scandal when they were brought back to Agrippina to face charges because they were all of a higher class than the cultists who were arrested last week. I guess they were the leaders and financial backers who hadn't wanted to risk getting their hands dirty before. I remembered a quote from the mayor in a News Bulletin a few days ago, "Cultists in other cities remain at large, as do leaders and financial supporters here in Agrippina." Not quite so many now.
When the African ship arrived Zareb invited me aboard. Anything was better than riding a horse all the way back to the city so I accepted. I was toasted as a hero. When Zareb told the story I thought he put too much emphasis on my part but nobody listened to my protests.
When the ship returned to port Zareb insisted I join the African delegation at the hotel for a banquet. It would have been an insult to refuse, but I was too hungry to even think about that. Besides, I deserved to unwind a little.
The celebration was marred by a minor mishap when I dropped a crystal goblet of wine and it shattered on the table. I apologized for the slip, the mess was cleaned up in a jiffy, and everybody carried on as though it hadn't happened. I didn't explain that when I had picked up the goblet with my left hand I had seen blood pouring from my palm. There was no pain and as soon as I dropped the goblet the vision vanished, leaving me to wonder what it was about. I didn't let it trouble me.
It was after dark before I got back to my office but I'd had a good day. A hard day, granted, but a good one. If I included the bonus from the mayor and all the gold Prince Zareb had paid me I had come out well ahead in the past month.
My reflections ended abruptly when I saw my office door standing open a couple of inches.

Chapter 45
Standing to one side I gave the door a push to swing it wide open, waited a few seconds, then poked my head in. Nobody there. I stepped inside and closed the door. It was after Zena's quitting time so she was free to go, but if I wasn't in the office she always closed and locked the door when she left. Everything in my office seemed to be in order, and when I checked my apartment everything appeared to be untouched, but something felt wrong.
I went back downstairs, sat in Zena's chair and picked up her pen. I got a picture of her as I had last seen her, sitting in this chair, but I couldn't tell where she was or how she was. She had been working for me for almost two weeks, sitting right here in this chair, so she should have left a strong enough impression for me to locate her or at least get some idea of her location.
I put myself in a trance and tried again. Still a blank. Granted I was still rather drunk but I should have sensed something, so even though there was no sense of danger I felt more uneasy.
I caught a cab to her parent's home. When I asked about Zena her mother said, "Zena hasn't come home today but we weren't worried because we thought she was still with you."
I realized we had been spending a lot of time together, and now I felt guilty for enjoying myself while she was in danger. "I was out on a case all day, chasing down a wizard and rescuing a princess. I haven't seen her since this morning."
Her worried eyes found mine. "You're a Magician. You can find her can't you?"
"I'd like to say yes, but if it was that easy I wouldn't be here now."
"You're saying you can't find her."
"No, I didn't say that, but my talent is being blocked, so I'll have to find a way around the block. You should notify the police right away and tell them she's missing. If you use my name they might treat it more urgently. I'm going back to my office to pick up the trail there." I tried to sound more optimistic than I felt but I didn't manage to cheer her up at all.
Back in my office I gathered what I needed for my five-elements spell. For extra potency I used some of the moonwater I had exposed to the last full moon. I had made sure the sky was dark before I set the bowl out, and I brought it in before morning twilight, sealed it and stored it in the dark. It would be its strongest tonight, when the moon set with the sun.
I performed the ritual and got a picture of what had happened. A slim, black-haired guy dressed in black walked into the office and handed Zena a note. I couldn't recall ever seeing him before, but there was a nagging familiarity about him, perhaps because he reminded me of Renzo, but I knew it couldn't be him. 
Zena read the note, then went out with him. He pulled the door closed but it didn't latch and swung open just a bit as he turned away. They disappeared down the street, which was in shade, which meant it could have happened anytime in the afternoon. It wasn't much, but at least I had a direction to start.
Stars shone down from a clear sky that sucked the heat right off the earth. I hurried down to Knife Avenue and stopped at the corner. My street didn't carry on past Knife Avenue, so I had only two choices. I remembered the knife on the Wizard, the one he had obtained from Silvina's store, and even though I didn't know if it was connected in any way to Zena's disappearance, after only a second of hesitation, I turned right, to Silvina's store. Maybe she had seen Zena or the man if they went past this way.
The front door of her store was locked and it was dark inside so I made a fingerlight and pressed my face close to the glass. Something lay in the aisle near the door. I brightened my light for a few seconds and identified it as a body.
I didn't know what kind of protective spells Silvina had so I stood back and tossed my little knocker through the window, then used the tip of my cudgel to operate the bolt and the latch. Nothing visible happened but I'm sure an alarm sounded back in the headquarters of Dark Wing Security.
It was Mimi on the floor. I couldn't see a wound anywhere on her, and there was no blood on the floor, but she wasn't breathing, and when I touched her hand it felt cool and it was getting stiff. She had been dead for hours.
I retrieved my knocker and looked around but I found nothing out of place in the store; Mimi had gone down without a struggle. Silvina didn't answer my call so I went into the back. In a small office I found a pile of sloughed off skin, dry and aged like I had found on the street following Renzo, but there was enough here to cover an entire person. I reluctantly picked up a piece and opened myself to impressions.
My heart stopped beating when I saw a pretty young woman with thick, black hair and blue eyes, but it started again when I realized she wasn't Zena, and she wasn't Silvina either. It was Belita I saw, as she had been when alive, and at the same time I saw her body crammed into a hole like a quarter of beef. I dropped the piece of desiccated skin like it had caught fire.
I stood up, brushing my hands off on each other. This was Belita's skin, falling to pieces even as I watched, but I knew, without sorting through all the parts, that all of her skin was here. There was no actual smell, but the foul reek of dark magic filled my nose and my skin crawled up my back.
So how did Belita's skin get into Silvina's store? Where had it been hidden for the last month? Was it a coincidence that the magic knife that skinned Belita had been stolen from the police station days ago? Almost certainly not. Somebody should have studied that knife a lot more. It should have been locked up a more securely.
But Renzo was dead so who had the knife now?
I remembered how Acastus had never been satisfied with the way the killer's behavior changed at the end, and I was never quite sure that Renzo had been responsible for the death of Belita. What if there were two killers?
The first killer started in Rome, killed in various cities on the peninsula, and ended here in Agrippina, where he killed Belita. Somehow Renzo got stabbed in the leg and got away with the knife, but the spell on the knife drove him mad because he had no idea what it was being used for. If a third person got ahold of the knife that could happen again, but I had a strong feeling it was back in the hands of the original killer, a black-haired man in black, and he must have taken it back for a reason. An ominous phrase from my research on the Thirteen Moons spell resonated in my head, "...a final victim in the dark of the moon."
This was the night of the new moon, so there was sure to be another murder tonight, one last skinless corpse, and I had a strong feeling, deep in my heart, that Zena was the target. I had to find her quickly, if I wasn't already too late, but the Skinner would be adept at covering his tracks. Only a few of his victims had been found.
Even if the black-haired man was preventing me from connecting with Zena I thought I should be able to get some impression from an artifact as powerful as that knife, especially if it was in use. Steeling my nerves, I picked up the most innocuous piece of skin I could see, about six inches long and an inch and a half wide, but I could still tell it came from her forearm.
I banished all images of Belita from my mind and concentrated on the knife, opening myself to impressions. I felt, maybe, a slight tug to the north or northwest. If I brought along a big piece of skin it might be enough to strengthen the connection if I got closer.
As I turned away when I saw a piece with more shape than the others. I carefully pulled it out and held it up with both hands. It looked like a mask.
I held it higher and blew on it to fill it out. For a second it looked like Silvina, in reverse relief, and for that second I looked through the eyeholes and saw a grid of city streets outlined in lights, converging in the distance. Then the vision was gone and I was holding a piece of skin. I opened my fingers, dropping it on top of the rest of the skin, glad I no longer had to touch any of it anymore.
I recognized the view, I knew exactly where to go because there is only one place in the city that is high enough for you to look down on the city's lights like that.
I ran two blocks before I flagged down a cab. I jumped up to the seat beside him and said, "To the Triumph Of Germanicus, and hurry."
"You can't ride up here."
"I don't care, I'll pay double, just hurry the fuck up. There's a crime being committed on top of the arch and I have to stop it. Now move."
Either my intensity or the promise of double fare convinced him and he snapped the reins to get the horses moving. Traffic was light so we managed a good clip. The cabby had a heavy coat against the cold but the wind pierced my thinner clothing. As we turned north on Barber Street he asked, "How do you know there's a crime on top of the arch?"
"I'm a Certified Magician." That seemed to satisfy him, or maybe he was just too busy driving to talk. We sped up Barber Street until it intersected Rome Street at an acute angle about eighty yards south of the Triumph Of Germanicus. "Fetch the police as soon as you let me out by the arch, and tell them to hurry. It's urgent."
He nodded. I counted out what I guessed I owed him, added a bit more, pressed it into his hands and hit the ground before the cab stopped. He tossed me a salute and sped off.
The Triumph Of Germanicus, the tallest structure in the city, towers a hundred and fifty feet above the street, with a ninety-foot-high arch spanning four lanes of traffic. Above each end of the arch, on the north and south faces of the monument, is an alcove for a statue. Except for the alcoves a gallery runs all around the monument, to provide public viewing for those too timid to tackle the roof.
 To support the immense weight the base is mostly solid concrete, though there are stories about secret rooms. On both sides of the street a staircase inside climbs up to the gallery, which is open to the public around the clock, so there were no doors or barricades to slow me down. I took the stairs two at a time all the way up.
I was out of breath when I reached the gallery, where another staircase leads up to the roof, but the heavy wooden door granting access to it was barred from inside. I bounced off it a couple of times and it didn't even budge, so I desisted before I hurt myself. The door was a lot tougher than I was, and there was nothing up here that I could use as a tool or a battering ram.
While I caught my breath I considered my options and I came to the unsavory conclusion that the only way left to me was up the outside. The smooth columns around the perimeter of the gallery provided no purchase so I chose the statue on the south face.
The alcove, about twenty feet wide and forty feet tall, contained a giant statue of Germanicus, one hand raised. There was no moon out tonight but the city's myriad lights provided a soft glow, bright enough for me to see by. I climbed over the waist-high stone railing, crossed to the statue, pressed my back against the back of the statues's leg, put my feet up against the back wall of the alcove and worked my way up. Even in the chill night air I started sweating before I reached the statue's waist.
When I got to Germanicus's shoulder the climbing got a little tricky. Reaching back I grabbed a couple of handholds on Germanicus's stone hair, then I kicked with my feet, pulled with my arms and wriggled my butt until I was sitting on Germanicus's right shoulder. From here, for the first time, I could see the road, a hundred and thirty feet down. As impressive as the height of the structure is from below, it feels even higher from above, especially from a precarious perch.
  I turned my head to look at the solid stone in the back of the alcove until my heart ceased hammering, then I turned my attention to the next phase of my climb. Although I couldn't see it from where I was sitting, I knew that above the arch was a ledge that ran under the row of bas-relief carvings that decorated the facade, and from there it was only ten feet to the top.
Germanicus's right hand extended out of the top of the alcove. His forearm was about two feet in diameter, tapering to his wrist. Straddling his arm with my legs I worked my way to his elbow, but from there his arm sloped up too steeply to continue with the same butt-walk technique. Sweat broke out on my face and under my arms, more from nervous anxiety than exertion.
I brought my feet up so I was crouching in the crook of his elbow and stretched along his forearm until I could reach his hand and pull myself up.
"Thanks for the hand up," I said to Germanicus.  From his hand I reached out, steadied myself with one hand on the outside corner of the alcove, stood up, and used the bas relief carvings as handholds to climb onto the ledge.
The bold style of these reliefs made them almost like statues attached to the wall on one side, so they provided plenty of handholds, but most weren't nearly as large or prominent as I would have liked, though the stone had weathered through the centuries and lost it's polish, giving me a fairly secure grip. Once I got my feet on the bottom ledge I felt almost safe. When I stood my head was only five feet from the top.
Nose to nose with an ancient warrior, I couldn't help but admire the skill of the long-dead artist, who surely deserved to be more recognized and appreciated. I wondered why they made the figures way up here so small, but then I realized they had to make room for a lot of accomplishments in Germanicus's life. It was a waste having such a detailed masterpiece so far up here where no one would ever see it, except for the occasional lunatic playing spider, and I was seeing only a tiny portion of it, with no time to appreciate what I saw.
Looking up at the starry night sky I saw my next problem. I had forgotten about the cornice that runs around the entire outer rim. It doesn't look like much from the ground, and you don't notice it when you're looking down, but from my perspective it looked like an insurmountable obstacle. It projected out about two feet and rose the same distance.
Too late to turn back now, I told myself, nowhere to go but up. I climbed until I was right under the cornice, got a good grip with my left hand on the head of a prominent carving, leaned out, and reached up with my right hand. My fingertips touched the top corner. I stretched up on my tiptoes and got my fingers over the lip. It wasn't a very secure grip but it was the best I could get. I slowly let one leg dangle into space and managed to wiggle my fingers one at a time and get another fraction of an inch of grip with my right hand. I took a deep breath and forced myself to let go of the other foothold, controlling my swing with my left hand. My body swung out a little too far and I felt my right hand slip the fraction of an inch I had just gained.

Chapter 46
My heart lurched but my grip held.
Don't look down, I reminded myself as I steadied myself so I was no longer swinging at all, increased my grip with my right hand as well as I could, then slowly released my left hand and brought it up beside my right. For a long second I just hung there by both hands, the night breeze chilling the sweat that soaked me, with a question repeating in my head, Berk, you idiot, what the fuck are you doing?
I made a mental note to charge Lucina double for this hour, then wondered if I could charge her at all, because if I couldn't I was doing this for nothing. I pulled myself up, hooked an elbow, a foot, and then a knee, and then I squirmed onto the top.
The top of the monument is a smooth, flat expanse of marble, ninety feet wide and ninety feet long, with the cornice forming a low parapet around the perimeter. I slid off the parapet and lay on the stone, relishing the solidity under me as I tried to catch my breath without making too much noise.
Walking away from me I saw Zena, arm in arm with a thin man with black hair, the same man who had given her that note in my office. So I wasn't too late yet. Even though I still couldn't see him clearly I knew this had to be the man who'd killed Belita last month. Where had he been hiding and why couldn't I find him before?
I climbed to my feet, got a head-knocking grip on my cudgel, and ran to catch up to them. I collided with an invisible barrier with so much force I bounced back and fell flat on my ass. Slightly stunned, and glad no one had seen my pratfall, I felt my way on hands and knees back to the invisible barrier. Although I could see nothing, and barely felt anything, however hard I pushed, something pushed back just as hard. On the stone where I felt the invisible wall, if I looked at the right angle, I could see a faint line, about half an inch wide, like moonlight reflecting from water.
When I got to my feet the skinny man in black saw me and his step faltered, but he recovered quickly, smiling and waving like we were old friends, while Zena stared straight ahead, trudging along in a daze, guided and hastened by him, drugged, no doubt, probably with the same drug he'd used on Belita. I called Zena's name loudly a couple of times but she never responded at all.
Putting one hand on the invisible wall I trotted around the perimeter until I found an opening. Now that I knew what to look for I could see rows of equally spaced, curved lines, but only at the edge of my vision, where I wasn't looking right at them. I trotted along the path between two lines.
The man-in-black tried walking faster but Zena stumbled over her own feet and would have fallen if he hadn't pulled her up by her arm. They followed a wide curve that didn't appear to be taking them anywhere in particular, then did a U-turn and curved back beside the path he had just taken. That's when it hit me, they were following the circuits of a labyrinth, longer and more complex than the one at the Minotaur's Mansion, but still with only one winding path to the center.
I was a frequent visitor to the top of the Triumph Of Germanicus because I enjoyed the view, but, day or night, I had never before seen any sign of a labyrinth, so he must have drawn it tonight, and that's what had given me enough time to catch up to him.
There was powerful magic in this labyrinth and in the knife he carried, which he had obtained from police custody after the death of Renzo. Was he a Magician or Wizard himself, or did he just have a Wizard accomplice? Or was all his magic now contained in artifacts he had obtained from a Wizard?
It didn't matter, I wasn't turning back.
The path I followed twisted back on itself, winding from the inside to the outside several times, so I couldn't tell how far along Zena and her killer had progressed, how much lead time they had. At one point we passed within five feet of each other but I couldn't touch him and Zena still didn't respond to my shouts. It was too dark to see his features clearly but I was fairly certain it was nobody I knew.
Apparently he had more of a lead than I thought because one minute he was hustling Zena along a curve right at the outer edge of the labyrinth, the next he made a U-turn, followed a sweeping curve a quarter of the circle, took a sharp corner, walked ten paces and reached the center. Even with my more rapid pace I estimated that I was barely a third of the way through and probably wouldn't get there in time to stop him.
The man-in-black smiled and waved at me. Suddenly it was harder to move, like I was forcing my way through water instead of air, though my breathing was unaffected. Anger and determination increased my strength and I pushed my way forward without slowing down, wondering what other defensive spells he had ready.
Zena didn't move unless the man-in-black actually moved her or guided her like a puppet. While I watched, unable to interfere, he laid her down spread-eagled. Her eyes were open, staring straight up into the starry sky, and I could see her chest slowly rising and falling with her breath.
He lit some candles and placed one at the end of each of her limbs and a fifth one a foot away from her head, recreating the scene at the center of the maze at the Minotaur's Mansion. Renzo's kills had shown none of this preparation. How had we all been fooled for so long? Acastus was an expert, he should have figured it out, but he had been so busy catching other criminals, with more waiting in other cities, that he didn't have time to spare thinking about those who were already caught. I couldn't blame him.
The man glanced at me a few times but he didn't look nervous or seem to be hurrying. I kept pushing forward even though the constant extra exertion had me sweating profusely, despite the cool breeze that had no difficulty blowing through the invisible walls.
I came to a dead end. I had been following the only route that was open and now it was blocked. The atmosphere had changed when the man in black lit his candles and the lines now glowed an unhealthy blue that cycled back and forth between purple and green. I turned around to see if I could spot the place where the path split but there was no longer any path, just another dead end about five feet from me. 
Two steps, turn around, two steps, turn around. Over and over while I racked my memory, trying to think of some magic I had learned that might help me in this situation, but I was out of my league, I had no paraphernalia with me, and nothing I carried seemed even remotely useful against this sorcery.
Then I remembered the brief vision of a bloody hand that I'd had at the Zenobian's banquet. Blood is used mostly in the dark aspects of magic, and I had learned how to recognize and defend against such spells, but now I was thinking more of the disruptive, destructive effect blood could have on intricate, elaborate spells. It was crude magic, not without its uses, but  frowned on by sensible practitioners because of the toll it took on the user.
In keeping with the accuracy of most of my visions I made a two-inch-long cut in the fleshy part of my left forearm instead of my palm, deep enough to bleed, but shallow enough that the simplest healing spell could make it stop. It stung a bit but life in the army had inured me to worse pain before I got out of bed. I put away my knife, got some blood on my hand and smeared it across a two-foot section of the glowing line. It hissed like red hot iron plunged into cold water and blue sparks popped wildly for a few seconds.
Then the line was gone. I stepped through the gap and repeated the process, saving myself another ten minutes of difficult travel, but the hissing and sparks attracted the attention of the man-in-black.
He set everything down and left Zena staring blankly upward, lying motionless on her back between the candles. By the time I passed over the next two lines he stood opposite me across the final one.
"Berk. You are far more resourceful than I imagined. Your talent is so easy to block I was sure you would never find us, and I never thought you could get through my barriers, but that's what I get for hiring an unregistered Wizard. I don't mind if you watch, but if you want a ringside seat, it must be on my terms."
I didn't want to listen to any more of his crap so I squatted and wiped blood across the last line. Before I could pull back his foot lashed out at my face, but I hadn't become pankration champ in my company by letting people kick me in the face. I twisted my head aside, just barely enough so as not to waste any time, got one hand under his ankle and stood up fast.
Instead of falling flat on his back he used the momentum to do a backflip, landing on both feet, and before I could blink he lashed a foot out at me. I caught it with both hands and gave it a sharp twist, but he sprang off the other foot, spun right around in midair and kicked me in the head on the way past. I pushed him away and shook my head to clear it.
He landed nearby on both feet and one hand, then bounced back at me. He was one of those energetic, long-legged fighters who like to kick and strike from unexpected angles, the type who don't like to get up close and personal.
So I charged in low to meet him. A fist glanced off my shoulder and another dealt a stinging blow to my ear, but my arms closed around his thighs before he could bounce. He punched the top of my head a few times but I'm sure he hurt his hand more than my head. I heaved him off his feet and slammed him down on his back, driving my shoulder into his solar plexus.
All his air blasted out. While he struggled to breathe I rolled him over, dropped my weight onto his back and elbowed him in the ribs a few times. Without giving him a free second to suck in a single breath I snaked an arm under his chin, grabbed my own wrist, and cranked my stranglehold tighter and tighter, cutting off the air to his lungs and the blood to his brain.
He struggled feebly and managed to bring one hand up to where I gripped my own wrist. Weak fingers fluttered on the back of my hand, he was seconds from unconsciousness, he had nowhere near enough strength to pry me off. He was mine.
Pain flared in my hand and my stranglehold relaxed as fire spread from the tiny wound, dancing on my skin and flowing through my veins. The bastard had just scratched me with a poisoned needle ring. I released him before he could scratch me again and increase the dose. I elbowed him in the back of the neck and head several times but the last few blows lacked force as my body slowed down.
My arms quit moving. My mind was sending the signals but my arms did not respond, hanging limply at my sides. The man under me groaned, then struggled to throw me off. On the third try he succeeded in shifting my weight enough to upset my balance. Unable to control my fall I toppled slowly, landing half on him and half on my right side.

Chapter 47
He lay there for a minute while he caught his breath, then squirmed out from under me and rolled me onto my back.
"You certainly are a persistent man, so I'll give you your ringside seat, but, as I warned you, it's on my terms." The man-in-black tossed my knife and cudgel away, took hold of one of my arms and, grunting with the effort, dragged me closer to Zena. I had no voluntary muscle control at all so when he sat me up and arranged me in a cross-legged position with my hands in my lap I stayed exactly where he positioned me.
I felt extremely vulnerable and I was pretty sure I was not going to like this show, but I didn't expect to live long enough to complain to anybody. "What have you done to me?" At least I could still talk, and my breathing and heartbeat seemed normal.
"I injected you with a drug cooked up by a dark Wizard friend of mine. In half an hour you might be able to wiggle your fingers a little bit, but by then I'll be gone. The drug I gave your girlfriend makes her do whatever I want, but the one I gave you is stronger, so you only move when you're moved, and you stay there until you're moved again. And you'll be wide awake the whole time so you can watch every detail."
"Watch what?" I already knew, but I was stalling. Half an hour would give him plenty of time, but a needle ring is an imprecise delivery system and I didn't feel like I'd taken much of a dose, so he had less time than he thought. In school I had learned ways to fight drugs like this, where sheer strength of will can only do so much when muscles don't respond like they're supposed to, but my mind was unaffected, so there were body functions and glands I could control.
"You saw the body in the stone labyrinth, and you know what that idiot Renzo did to those other women, so you know what's going to happen to your girlfriend."
"She's not my girlfriend." I denied it strongly, feeling myself getting angry.
"Of course she is, that's why you're here. Love leaves you vulnerable, don't you know?"
I hadn't known Zena long enough to fall in love with her, had I? This was not the time to think about that, or what he was planning to do to Zena, or what he had done to Belita and those other women. "You're insane. I'm here for all the women you killed, I'm here to stop you so you never kill again."
He laughed, said, "Yes, you're doing very well," and laughed louder, his high-pitched peals absorbed by the night sky.
His smugness pissed me off and I used that to deliberately feed my anger, breathing more rapidly and increasing my heart rate until I felt my temperature rising, which would burn the drug out of my system faster. "Why do you do it? What kind of cheap thrill do you get out of it?"
"Oh, I get an incredible thrill, levels of magnitude beyond the greatest orgasm you can imagine." He squatted down beside me and I saw Silvina's lips and eyes behind the masculine facade, as well as a resemblance to Belita and Zena. "But more important than that, I get a new life."
"Couldn't you just move to Africa?"
Anger flared with deranged intensity in his eyes and his lips curled up in a snarl as he leaned right into my face. "Let me tell you about my old life. I was the son of a prostitute and a senator, who denied his parenthood and never did anything for me or my mother.
"My mother forced me to dress as a girl so I could live with her and before I reached puberty she started selling me to rich men and politicians. She died a few years later but by then I had a reputation, which I turned to my advantage, accumulating a fortune fucking rich and influential men who didn't want anybody to know they were bisexual, but I hated them and I hated myself.
"I was ready to kill myself when I met a dark Wizard who convinced me I was unhappy because I was meant to be a woman. He told me about the Thirteen Moons spell, which gave me a chance to become a real woman and start a new life, so I paid his price." He shuddered. "For the past year on the night of every new moon I killed a woman, skinned her with this knife and donned her skin, becoming a woman for longer each time. Now Zena's death will complete the spell and make the change permanent."
"Why Zena?"
"Nothing personal, it's just that she resembles the other women I assimilated. She's what I need so my appearance doesn't change too much.  He smiled at me. "You know I can't let you live, but I'm not going to kill you." His features stretched and Silvina's voice came out. "I'm going to kill you. You were a good fuck but I have to protect my investment." The features twisted back and the man's voice returned. "When I leave it will look like you killed Zena and then killed yourself. This evil knife, which you stole from the police station, made you do it. And the best part is, your death lets me get away with all the others."
"It will never work," I said, knowing that it probably would.
He laughed in my face. "Everything is in place. Who is going to stop me?"
Keep him talking, I thought, gritting my teeth. "How did Renzo get the knife from you?"
"He must have seen me go into the labyrinth with that girl last month. When I was coming out he tried to rape me so I stabbed him in the leg, but he ran off with the knife stuck in him, and then the bastard had the nerve to get arrested."
"How inconsiderate of him."
"I couldn't believe all the cops were stupid enough to believe he was smart enough to be anything other than a copycat killer."
I winced. "You have a point there. I suppose you were responsible for his death."
"With a bit of expensive help from a dark Wizard, yes."
"I figured as much. But how did you get the knife back?"
"Your good friend Thaddeus helped me there, even though he doesn't know it. He's such a jerk I wouldn't mind if he got in trouble for it. But enough chatter, I have work to do." He kissed me on the forehead and went back to Zena.
That made stoking my anger easier. Now that his attention was away from me I hyperventilated faster and recited a mantra in my head, over and over, faster and faster. Sweat broke out all over my body, soaking into my clothes and beading on my face.
I knew from recent experience that I could increase the rate of metabolism in my body by a factor of three, so if I tried really hard and did everything right and I was lucky I could double that rate. I was fairly sure I hadn't taken a large dose, so in five or ten minutes I thought I might be able to burn enough of the drug out of my system that I could move. Maybe. If my will was strong enough and I didn't kill myself trying.
He knelt beside Zena and displayed the knife to me while he went through the motions of a spell. It gleamed with an internal light as he laid it flat on her stomach, just below her navel, where it rose and fell slowly in time to her shallow breaths. I used that as a reference, breathing three, then four, then five times for each of hers.
Moving with absurd slowness from my perspective, the man-in-black circled Zena several times doing different things with chalk and candles, becoming totally absorbed in his work, the culmination of thirteen moons of magic, but I didn't watch too closely because I had to concentrate on my own spell. 
Except for my rapid breathing I held myself absolutely still because any moves I made would be accelerated, and if I started twitching and flickering he might notice and figure out that I was up to something. If he came to investigate I would be back to square one.
He had tossed my cudgel far away, perhaps right off the monument, and I could see my knife, about thirty feet away, too far out of reach to be useful, but beyond that he hadn't bothered to search me. 
When he picked up the platinum knife from Zena's belly I knew I was running out of time. It was now or never.
I ceased my mantra and let go of the spell. With a subtle rush everything quickened to normal speed. The drug still lingered in my system so it took all my concentration to control my muscles as I moved my hand stiffly and slowly into my pocket and closed my fist around my little brass knocker. My entire body was nearly numb but that was as much from remaining immobile so long as from the drug.
The man-in-black knelt between Zena's legs, engrossed in his task of cutting off all her clothes. The knife seemed to be guiding his hand as it sliced through her dress from bottom hem to neckline. He was mesmerized as more and more of Zena's smooth skin was revealed.
I was somewhat distracted myself.
With an effort I got my feet under me and stood up, stiff and unsteady. The man-in-black didn't notice as I circled behind him but Zena's eyes fixed on me. The dreamy expression in them worried me. I put a finger to my lips and shook my head. Her eyes drifted to stare blankly up at the sky.
Zena was now naked, laying on the cut-up remains of her clothes. The man-in-black held the platinum knife in one hand at his eye level and chanted under his breath, which covered the little sounds I made as I crept up behind him.
I was a step away, already bringing my loaded fist down toward the back of his skull when he sensed me and turned, so my blow missed his head, but the brass knob drove into the muscle on the back of his shoulder. I was still weaker than usual but it made his hand spasm and the knife went flying, ringing musically when it hit the hard stone right beside Zena. He twisted back in the other direction and tried to take out my knee with his elbow but I blocked it with a brass knob right on the joint.
He cried out in pain but I cut it short with a solid blow to the back of his head, like I had tried to do the first time. As he slumped I pulled him aside so he wouldn't fall on top of Zena.
The knife quivered, then started inching toward Zena on its own. 

Chapter 48
I grabbed the handle and pulled on it but it resisted like a live thing. An image flashed in my head, of Zena split open from groin to chin, and I felt myself wanting to make that cut, to see it happen, to feel her warm blood flowing over my hands. With a roar of inarticulate rage I yanked the knife away from Zena and hurled it from me as hard as I could, but it slid to a stop only twenty feet away, then started inching its way back.
 I took hold of Zena by the shoulders and dragged her out of the circle of candles, knocking one over as I did so. The knife jerked back an inch and then darted to the center of the pentagram like a nail to a magnet and hovered six inches above the stone.
I was glad I'd moved Zena from that spot, but she wasn't safe yet. "Get away," I told her. She lethargically got to hands and knees and started crawling away while I knocked over all the other candles, stomped them out, then kicked them in different directions. The knife dropped to the stone and rang like the dying note of a bell.
I grabbed the-man-in-black by the collar and dragged him out of the pentagram, smearing some of the lines. When I was fifteen feet away the knife finally stopped ringing. I looked for Zena and saw her still crawling, getting near the edge.
"Stop," I shouted and she stopped. I stripped the jacket off the man-in-black, not caring how I twisted his arms and rolled him around, and brought it to her for she had crawled right out of the remnants of her dress and was now stark naked. Although this was not the time to appreciate the view, I couldn't help noticing.
"Put this on," I said, handing her the jacket.
She took it and did as she was told, without question or hesitation, but slowly, with no energy or enthusiasm.
I went back and tied his hands securely behind his back with his thin belt. His breathing was shallow and labored but I  really didn't care about his health; in fact, I felt like kicking him, several times, as hard as I could, until he stopped breathing, believing in a way it would be better if he was dead, but I wanted him to live so he could give his story. Acastus would be interested.
I left him trussed up while I found the stairs and led Zena down. At the second landing we were met by a pair of cops. The one in the lead, the younger of the two, carried an axe and his clothes were covered with splinters from chopping through the door.
"You're under arrest," he shouted, threatening me with the axe. I had no patience left and he didn't scare me because he obviously had never been trained to fight with an axe, especially one designed for chopping wood, like this one. His threat was more like an offer to me so I grabbed the back of the axe head and yanked the axe out of his hands.
"Listen up. If I wanted to do something ugly to this woman I would have already done it and you would never know anything about it."
The other cop readied himself to attack me with his sword but Zena spoke up, "He saved me, you idiots."
The cop hesitated and I said, "So tell me, would you rather be known as the men who arrested The Skinner, or the fools who let him get away."
They glanced at each other and the one in front answered, "We'd rather arrest him."
"I'm glad you feel that way." I handed the axe back to him. "You might be a good cop someday."
"But I thought The Skinner died in captivity." He rubbed his arm.
"That was a copycat killer. The real Skinner is tied up on the roof, waiting for you to arrest him. Tell Inspector Quintus that he's a present from me, Berk." I dug one of my cards out of my pocket. "Give him this. He'll know where to find me. Now I'm taking this lovely lady home."
They bade us good night and hurried past us up the stairs. Zena and I made our way down to the street where I flagged a cab. Even though she was still slow and a bit suggestible the exertion of the long descent seemed to have cleared much of the drug out of Zena's blood and she was acting on her own now.
During the cab ride Zena clung to me like a frightened child. "It was horrible. I didn't want to do what he told me to do but I couldn't stop myself."
I patted her gently. "It's alright now. It wasn't your fault. He used drugs and magic."
"He said he had a note from you but when I opened the envelope the paper was blank and I smelled something funny. Then he told me to come with him and I did, because he told me to. We went down to Knife Avenue and got in a cab that took us to the arch. I just kept doing whatever I was told to do. He called me by name but I never met him or even saw him before. How does he know me?"
"When you met him he was Silvina, our landlady."
"Wow. So he really was a woman."
"Through and through," I said, with too much conviction. Zena eyed me and I kept talking to derail her thought. "And if he had succeeded in taking your skin with that knife he would have been a woman again, permanently."
"That is just too gross, but at least now I know what he meant when he said, 'Part of your personality will survive in the new me.'  I thought about how horrible it would be to be trapped inside with him, even for a short while, but I couldn't scream or cry."
I consoled her until she was almost home. She perked up and said, "I know where there's a knife store that needs a new owner. If you talk to the bank right way you could get a sweet deal."
"I don't know how to run a store."
"So you keep the staff."
"The staff is dead."
"How hard can it be to find somebody who can sell knives. I have a cousin who would be good at it. The point is, you'll get the whole building and you won't have to pay rent anymore. In fact, other people will be paying rent to you."
"That sounds like easy money. I like the idea."
When I dropped her off she gave me a passionate kiss before going inside to her anxious parents.
Despite all I'd been through tonight I was feeling mighty fine and I was too wound up to sleep so I got a bottle of wine and went to Caracalla's bathhouse to soak and do some healing spells on myself.

Chapter 49
"You should be pretty busy for the next few days," Zena said after she greeted me.
It was nearly noon but I felt great, if a bit hungry. "Why is that?" I asked, brilliant conversationalist that I am.
"Haven't you heard? You're a hero." She handed me a sheet of paper. "Read this. The news service dropped off a personal copy for you."
Zena watched in silence for several minutes as I quickly read through the big story about the spectacular capture of The Skinner atop the Triumph Of Germanicus. After he was arrested he gave a full, detailed confession, telling where he hid the bodies of the twelve women he had killed as part of the spell. When I put down the paper she said, "See, you're a hero."
I just grunted, or maybe it was a snort.
"You're saying they got it wrong?"
"No, no, not at all. Despite my deep involvement in most of the affair, and my key role in the finale, I didn't have any time to grasp the big picture, so, even with their sensationalistic tone I have to give them credit for summing it up pretty well. I learned a lot of things I didn't know before."
"Like what?"
"The whole story of his miserable childhood, the names and locations of all his victims, that his name was Vernon, and I never once thought that Silvina was the real Skinner."
"He didn't know his dark wizard was dead so he turned him in too. He even told the police how the wizard was involved with the volcano cultists. He told so much I don't know if he just likes to talk or if he's trying for sympathy."
"My favorite part though was where he implicated Thaddeus as his contact inside the police department and got him fired."
"Thaddeus was the victim of a spell. I'm sure he can get a lawyer to prove that and get his job back. I just hope the irony isn't lost on him."
The door opened and a stranger stuck his head in. "Are you Berk?"
Zena was right about me being busy for the next several days, but I didn't have to look for any people and I had no trouble finding any of my client's missing objects.
One final note. A week after I helped rescue Princess Nyanza a tremendous explosion rocked the island of Sicily and the largest eruption of lava in recorded history spouted over a thousand feet high and poured down the eastern slope of Mt. Etna all the way to the sea. Fortunately a local magician predicted the eruption so, despite a lot of property damage, no lives were lost. Could the cultists have prevented the eruption with all their sacrifices? Maybe, but they didn't have the right to try, and as it turned out, even a single sacrifice would have increased the death toll from the eruption.
The End
If you liked this story please take the time to write a short review. Thank you.
Also, be sure to check out another ebook from Rik Hunik on the first of every month, in your preferred format at Smashwords and your favorite retailer.

Other titles by Rik Hunik: available at smashwords.com/profile/view/rikhunik
Down Among The Hoodoos     (atmospheric ghost story)
The Tale Of Orm's Revenge     (Viking sword & sorcery)
The Emperor Germanicus     (time traveling to change history)
For Sakina     (fantasy mystery with serial killer wizard)
The Hole Story     (science fiction, space opera)
Widdershins     (modern fantasy retelling of old English folk tale)
The Gold Watch     (western ghost story)
Defiance     (horror poem)
Reality Check     (science fiction horror)
Easy Money     (alternate history, fantasy, paranormal detective novel)
Vacation Violation     (dark science fiction)
Key Service     (humorous contemporary fantasy)
On Full Moon Night    (horror poem)
The Spirit Of The Game    (horror) Things go wrong when a game designer makes a special game for his widowed mother so she can play cards with her deceased husband.
A Clone Of His Own     (science fiction, fantasy)
The Hollow Idol's Eyes     (fantasy)
Incident In A Tomb     (fantasy, horror, humor)
The Ghost In The Kettle     (contemporary ghost story)
The Eruption At Mount Sarna     (fantasy)
The Sitting     (horror)
Worse Than An Orphan's Curse    (dark fantasy)
Joyride   (fantasy, horror)
Green Eyes    (horror)
Defiance 2     (poem)
The Treasure In The Monkey's Fist    (fantasy)
Good-bye Grandpa     (science fiction, time travel)
Witch's Skin   (horror)
Goldbug  (fantasy)
The Dark Gate   (fantasy novel, sword & sorcery)
Forces Of Evil: The Board Game  (horror, humor, zombies)
Levels  (science fiction)
Night Lures  (science fiction)
Friday   (horror)
The Hole   (horror, joke)
Two Timing  (time travel)
Double Time   (time travel)
Winterland   (science fiction)
About the Author: Rik Hunik was born in Nelson, British Columbia, Canada, in 1957, and has lived his entire life in BC, except for a few summers in Alberta, and a few days in Washington State climbing rocks. He has lived in Ymir, Wells, Quesnel, Prince George, Quesnel, North Vancouver, Quesnel, Burnaby, North Delta, and Quesnel. He lives with his wife Jo and a 17-pound (big, not fat), blue-eyed, white cat named Mister. He mostly constructs buildings to earn a living, but he's written dozens of stories, including fantasy, horror, sword & sorcery, mystery, humor, erotica, and science fiction, frequently combining genres. Over thirty have been published in small press magazines and e-zines. He has also published dozens of stories as ebooks at Smashwords, many available to the public for the first time.
Find him on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/rikhunik


