
Thank You for Your Purchase
Enjoy Blissful Read
~
*SEED*
~
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 Tyler James MacLeod


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,

Please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only,  then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. 

Thank you for respecting my hard work written for you. 

Cheers 



MIND




Lifeless thoughts race, and I turn off the TV. I had to distract myself, and take that chance to breathe. Once, lost in that signal, lost in translation to provoke time, and find something on. It did not matter; the TV could not maintain composure. For what I paid, the sacrifices made; I am still paying for it.
Those bills at the front door, how embarrassing, with my finances exhausted, am I ever tired. I couldn't dare be influenced by another sale, or be singled out, and do without. Since that television, I have been buying food when I have a fridge full.
I sink deeper into my thoughts, tired, and I say to myself it has been such a hectic day. With breath, to hold my eyes heavy to sleep, and exhale, I dream.
A drive, peaceful, and away from here outside the traffic and city lights, I will find starts, and a beginning to understand. With no one seeing my views here, and even I don't know at times, why I am so tired. Thinking of rest, I feel I am getting sleepy, and sinking deeper and deeper into this pillow of mine. I sleep.
What a beautiful day, excited to be me. Driving to city for a new start, possibly a new career to be Further relieved, I am far from that last muck, Adam; just not my luck. I will never work for another boss like that again.
Driving the countryside between cities, I see nature and beauty. Trees as healthy as can be, and rocks that are not judged. The road winding, I look to a distance, seeing not distraction and no need for reaction. Calm fresh air with the windows down, relaxing and feeling fresh. The focused clarity with no need to wander or wonder why, I think of peace to stare, and it looks right back at me. My thoughts confused without it; peace takes me instead. What a beautiful sight. Insightful and without distortion; a perfect mix prepared for a perfect day.
Mountains in the distance and colors of the fall streak the health. Height with no order, it was an impeccable meet by both sides before the road dividing. I found excitement when I removed the road, posts, signs, and cars from sight. Furthermore relaxed by miles on track without a train sounding its horn, to get a move on! I find health further from the city I was once in. Without flashing lights, there is just this blinding sun, distracting me with no need for specific. This sun I was ok with, I never had to work for my tan.
Onwards, the city center mall had a sign for the next exit. Who cares? Screw this, I am taking you road! You got that right! And with a wink back, I made my turn. That sign had me frustrated, no way I would go further. These places represented by crowd, and everyone looking at me. You make me feel nothing, therefore, you will get nothing city center. Nevermore, I am not your fish; you are not going to reel me in again. Off the highway, and driving along the right road, the river passing has me thinking I made the right choice.
A great time it would be, to cool off, and get that well deserved swim. However, this time myself conscious has me drive further. I am closer to nature, still keen of what is ahead, and fascinated by success, when I drive by these homes. No matter how beautiful these places are, I must go further, and see if there is a place for me.
The road darkens, and I drive, wondering how long I have been driving on this windy road of mine? Who lives up here? I say.
The arms of the trees are branching out to block out the sun. I take off my transition lenses, and frustrated I become when I can't find the case. Looking for the case, as I normally would; it seems I have misplaced it. I considered what I paid, while considering my finances. To scratch them, would be the end of them, even if I can still see. I paid big money for these. I paid big money!
A split second decision and I had to look up! I was behind, and my truck had difficulty staying on the road. I breathe out a sigh of relief, roll my eyes to the right, and breathe again. This road abused, and where are the damn road crews. Now shouting, where are the damn road crews!
Ok screw this, next path I see I stop. I am not going any further out here, with my eyebrows pressured. Where the hell is the case for my glasses? Left to right on this road, my frustrations put me in danger, and that is not important right?  Where the hell are you!
Throwing my arms to hit the ceiling of the truck, it stops off to the side, and far enough for what? When I gave up at the wheel I gave up! Nobody lives up here. Who, in their right mind would want to live up here?
Down, and in my mind, I question my decision to drive this far and just then I see the words: RELAX ~
The words appear in my rearview mirror, and how did that happen? What on earth? I check my mirror on the left, and then right, to think, balance. Laughing out loud, with such a weird mind, I tell myself, Jade you are hilarious. Get out of this vehicle before you hurt yourself.
Swinging the door open, I step on stable ground and say would you look at those trees, tall, vibrant, and green. I couldn't help myself to just, let go, and spin.
Eyes widen to the width of the stream, accompanied by a marvelous river. The river, harmonic in sound; I breathe without being heard. I feel not a sigh, and no need to wonder. I rush back to the truck to grab a pack, and something convenient. My thoughts were attract when I left that store before. This would be enough food, I thought as I walked away.
Walking towards the water I can feel the cool. Feeling so, and convenient with this busy life of mine, I stand tall; too short to complain, and or wonder why.
The cold air travels from my skin down through my clothes, giving me a second chance to feel confident. This is how I am, and how I am dressed. I am going to have to work harder out here, I say to myself. Eager to move along and see, I will warm in time. Refreshing my senses, feeling guided; this is me. For I am free, I shout with a spin of my arms, by my locks of gold, and showing what I am worth.
The water closer, as I am moving with interest, I couldn't resist the craving. A desire not one to lock, or check to spend, I move, and I am having fun getting there. I tell a story to draw, and always for another. However this is my time to take credit, this time, I am Jade.
Is there anybody out there? I shout at the sky, with a feeling. For that feeling, I feel blessed, and start to spin right round, and around. Addicted by fun, with virtue by live it; time on my side, this very moment. Its great to be alive, and great to be me! Free of all the work driving me to failure, and free to think, I shout. My arms thrown high above me, I look up and say?
Suddenly, with my words scared to death, and out of nowhere, my dizziness has me frazzled, and I yell, It's coming right for me, damn you! Get away you monster, get away!
My eyes balance, and my feet correct me from falling. The Eagle has moved on. I have never been so afraid! It attacked me! I fix the hair from my eyes, and luckily I wasn't hurt. With luck I was alive, and considering his size, and mine; phew.
I can't stop thinking about that bird; spooked from my approach, and how it lifted from its time to air. I am scared. With my hands at my knees, and the correction made, that birds image was one to remember. A wingspan of ten feet, and What the *&^$ %^@&#*&%(&^!(*&^%#, showing that bird who's boss, and that should do it. You know how long it took me to get here, you give me a break. You hear me? I am gong to enjoy my time.
My eyes follow the eagle flying now high above; at a safer distance I was. I see you, I shout again. The Eagles wingspan dips the right, and gazes downward. For that moment I felt I would see that crazy bird again, and I did not know when, or why. This feeling had made me wonder, when, where, and why I was here, and what travels do I have ahead? Upset, however feeling thrilled, I am excited, and I move on.
Finding a trail to the left with no mailbox insight, a lucky check, and nor mail. Who's going to reach me, and who cares? It's just me out here, I smile.
Dancing through woods, I step and hear the break of every branch, and on this path, there is an acorn at every kick. My path is chosen, and it too got a wink.
Not seen, I see myself alive now. Being myself with raised fists, and my assertive approach, to forget the past. The trees acting tough, and out sizing me by just a bit, I had to show strength out here, I had to be known. I am JADE!
Again with the yelling I couldn't feel any more satisfied to get my frustrations off mine bosom, and laugh, at how funny I can be. I yell, I am Jade, and I am Life!
Laughing and thinking, as I look around at nature, and naturally we may just have to compromise. With no further a due, I gave my wink, and kept on.
I must have skipped down that trail a dozen times, but this was just my first, and for I was one. Every lift from every step, I felt like a tiger, and my days of my childhood reflect my smile. My eyes were insightful with an open mind, and it was from this trail and I, in love. Hiking now with a fresh step, one step at a time blissfully yours!
My eyes following the river, balanced I thought, yet rough and in control. I walk until I find a spot to swim. It has been so long since I have had the confidence of body, and the peace of mind to just do this.
With not a moment more to think, a tweak of the brow is all it took, to have me drop my clothes, kick off my shoes, and run for the water.
Into the stream splashing, smiling, laughing cold refreshed. My presentation was careless, but that did not matter, I was revitalizing a part of. I can't stop laughing, and I dive, hitting the water reflecting a past with a 

FLASH ~

So cold, waking up in shock with my head hurt, throbbing, and dazed. I place my hand on my head, to feel the pain, rushing to my toes. I dont know what has happened to me. Scared, and in the dark, I fear I am alone. The tears pour from my eyes. I look around and see neither trail, nor anything in sight to even tell me why I am here, or catch my tears. I will never be found, not out here. Where am I? Asking myself for answers? All I got was a confused shiver from fear, imprisoned by darkness.
Standing up from the water, my legs give out. Falling to my knees with tears, I bawl. My arms wrap my legs for warmth, for I'm so cold. No sight, not knowing where I am?
Where am I?
God Help Me?
Hurt and scared I won't find myself here, or be found like this, I am repeating my fears, and getting more and more scared.
The tears drip from my cheek, and meet the water at my feet. I watch them splash one by one, with pain, and confusion I stand alone! A headache and this concussion of mine had me confused. What has happened to me? I scream out into the wild, angry at what I see. I then scream for the moon to light the sky, but no answer. Heavily breathing, and choking out water, this is not right, this is not right, I speak from the chills.
Intuition had me move to land, and away from that river; a reminding nightmare that once was, and is. I did not know this nightmare has just begun, with my days of life and meaning over. My thoughts coming to me, with no crystal ball for a future; I can only hope I am dreaming. Please God, let me wake again! Let me wake at home! Begging for the help of God, I fall to my knees again, with pain, and with arms uplifting. Filling my pores with tears, I cry and look up; with pain, my head falls, defeating myself. More alone than I have ever been I say, there is no God, not out here, and not like this.
Cold, withered, and wondering where my belongings are, I am sure I had something to wear. Naked, and vulnerable, I break to cradle my legs secure. I could only breathe now, and warm my body, as this was sense and this was my animal instinct. My tears stop when I believe they are frozen. Although passively drained, I look around dazed, dark, confused and cold. There may be hope; I open my mouth to say. I am still alone. The sewn mouth secret of my stupidity, and what I thought I had done, was not for me to be hard on myself; I had to survive this.
Denying with self-pity, and pleading with the devil. Yelling, why did you put me here? The voice in my head tells me, I have abused myself. It doesn't make any sense? Alone I have always been, and there is no one who understands me, no one. If I am found, will they understand me now? Do you hear me God? Do you hear me?
My headache, now tension, and with agitation I become frustrated. This pain not leaving me, I contradict myself with helpless belief. I shout! I am alone! Let me out! I find heated tension, and warming now with priority. I knew, I couldn't move in this state of panic forever. I need my clothes, a space for recovery, and through this, I deserve to be safe.
Get home Jade, the voices in my head said. 
~Voices~
Where is home? I ask. Then shout, where is it?
On to my feet, and moving quickly from the thought of my frustrations, I rely on my sense of touch, falling, and getting up again, kicking the dirt from my feet. In retrospect I have repressed, with my mind a mess, and for this time, just this time, I know I can't repeat myself.
My thoughts come face to face. And one-step at a time, I am closer to my subconscious mind, feeling emotion, and the thought; I want to be me again.
Great fears, great fears I was just a kid, a time of darkness, when my family bought their first home. This home was filled with excitement, when I was the oldest. Having my choice of rooms was splendid, and without words I said, Awesome. The downstairs room was the largest, and I was the oldest kid. Space I was dreaming of and astrology had me planning stars on my ceiling, stars *~*~*
The opportunity turned into my greatest fear. A late night alone waking to the sound of darkness, by a thoughtless head distracted fear, with chalice of dark not to drip?
No allowance! 
No allowance? 
My chores not done, or I would have had those stars, but I wasn't there yet. Scared, and quiet, I had the fear that if I let out my screams, I would be in trouble. I had to scream a code of silence.
The cola before bed had me racing to get out, and from these fears, I would surely wet what I wear. Wandering my room aimlessly that night, at an hour confused, and for how long, it was long enough. My palms sweating, facing direction, and bumping into things, I looked for walls. I move from point to circle and right back where I started. Without a door in reach, I was getting upset. A teeth grinding panic, with the voices in my head saying to me, how could this be? How could there be no door?
Confusion turned into panic, and panic turned into confusion. My bladder could only hold one more drop, and I was repeating myself, again, and again, getting nowhere. Doing all I can with my tears relieving me from pain, I give up. With my legs giving out, and that painful fall to my knees, I surrender to the dark side of this box, this box without light.
Without sight and without a peace of mind this forever scared me. I pressed on, and on, until I found that door. My hands handle it, and I am out of this place without light, and without a difficult thought thereafter, I assure you. The light triggers me, like a candle with a steady flame. I awake from this nightmare, and retreat from my greatest fear; a lifetime of bedwetting and the mistake, I could not be punished for again.
Youve done this before Jade, and you can do this again. This time is no different. You're still you, and you are better than you have ever been, you have your health.
Driven to move, and driven to conquer this cold of mine, I shiver to heat, and tell myself, you will find your way out. Without clothes I was winded, and I had to huddle low to feel, and retain my body heat, with my breath as my heater.
Looking to cross the river, my mind wanders the dark for my clothes. Far too cold at this moment, there is no way. Wonderful maybe, that woman, but this is my handicap, with my daze, confusion, and pain, I wander.
The moon streaks the night, through the clouds, and for just a moment, I had company. Then, collecting my shadow, I had a friend to move forward with. Moving deeper into the woods, sheltered by the larger trees, I feel my temperature reason with me, and I become more relaxed. Steadying my breathing, and not to waste, for I couldn't bring in that cold, and shiver again. I had to put everything into perspective here, with the thought of me, and my basis for survival. I have to get through this! My thoughts race to find their way. And I say never judge a book by its cover; you will get through this Jade!
No longer a moment of words, had the stigma had me moving again? I run, and I pray Find my way Lord, find me your path! Working myself up, no longer chilled, I am moving far too quick for them to catch me again. My blood heated with angst from fear, breathing distraction before I go mad. Jade get a grip on this! The voices in my head say to me. An empty container I am, as I contain myself. I picture a warm bath, drawn for safety, to heal this moment with enough air to breathe, enough room to fill, and a place I can call my own. I will survive this, and I will get that warm bath, I shout.
My eyes leveling with the cold again and this is starting to get to me. No matter my thoughts, I have to move and distract myself from this. My change from a wash up on shore had me running, freezing, and I don't recall, my way back. The woods look the same to me, I feel I am getting, nowhere. I was doing one thing right; I found control, breathing! And then I saw a bear!
Doomed and wish I was shroomed for this? Without a breath to breathe, my insides turned with fright. This night could not be any worse. Frightened, and startled, the cold air from my lungs, I kept in. I went icy scared, with the hairs standing taller than the trees, and the heat was not found.
Covering my mouth, I had to breathe, and for a moment of insecurity, I let out a puff that was carried by the air, and in the direction, upwind, and scared. My eyes fixed, with the bear moving my fear, taunting me, when I could only watch. The bears eyes on the water, and my eyes on the bear.
Once dark before, and now a different shade, not afraid, and not interested, I was scared to death. The bear moving slowly, knowing I was no more than thirty feet away, and thinking was my mistake. Now, I am not counting feet. I am counting claws, holding my breath for survival, or I would surely be dead.
Slowly, with a cautious step backward I had to move from this hold, I place down each foot hearing that crack again that god awful crack. Eyes focused in tune, and I was thinking, lunch? Survival of the fittest, and for he was fit! I am scared, paranoid, lesser in size by a few too many, working was my fear.
With a nose flared, and a tongue drawn for hunger I sweat the bullets. The bear was the trigger. Getting shot down, I was fixed on motion. This shadow and his dominating figure? My fear was moving through the water, and I was curious Was I? Or was it something else? The bear out of the blue and not in sight Was really not in sight. Enjoying a swim perhaps?

DEEPER INTO YOUR SUBCONSCIOUS MIND 
WE FIND CONSCIOUS CONTINUE
VARIABOLIC NIGHTMARE 
*~*~*~











BODY




I was here and the moon was there, I am grounded. I notice the clouds on the move, and was the bear? I am losing my mind here! A throw of dirt, arms up for good measure, branches falling on my head. There is no other reason to stay here, in gaze, and for a naked battle, I would surely lose.
Looking at my nails, I see claws pressed for time, and time to act. Just then, a sound in the woods had me running, running so fast I had to catch my thoughts. When I caught up, I am driven by fear and for that I was my own worst enemy, and that is confirmed!
Every broken twig, my heart raced careful. Not in path, or known direction, senses guided me to safety. Sense of things, I didn't even think, just ran. I could use a break from these legs of mine, and hope my mind too can rest. I try, and that is all I can do. Dreaming of a better place, a place I quickly hallucinate my reality, a door in view swinging by pendulum, and not by hinge. Difficult as my life is, inviting me in, and scaring me with edge. Taking a chance is all I had. I enter the room for a peace of mind, for I was curious, and welcomed change wondering, when people said Life is not easy.
I had to work for it, and this was my happy place. That pendulum how unorthodox my mind is. Looking up at the drop ceiling, and once inside with little breathing room, I knew I would need renovations, and how was I going to do this? I get myself out of this mess happy or not, was the motivation driven, and how long was I here? Looking up I see there was once a light, and when I had a switch in mind, it would be a better place. However I engineered this place, practical, theoretical, analytical in design, Pandora made this difficult.
My approach through the swing; the swing of pendulum closing behind me, surely looking for more emotional scars! Scared with my body in mind, arms crossed a squeeze for hug I say there is more than just me in this world, and I would ask for help.
At times, this door of mine was shut, and I could not find a way in, and or any help outside. Within those walls, my happy place Box without light, and who do I see now? My loved ones all the time praying for me? I would ask God for strength? Time would pass, I would get through this quickly, and it all depended on the severity. Healing process? The degree of my bipolar was an algorithm of bad tasteFuck Bipolar! 
My thoughts race, and they find a way in, sheltered, and agoraphobic I was I end up finding my light?
Without you, and everyone else, my stress consumes me. I cannot find distraction, and even from the most simple of things this box, was not healthy. Happy at times, however scaled most of the time I was suffering!
Secure with home, I start panicking and looking for conditioner, and not just for my hair, for my mentality to find, your reality!
I have to get out, and no longer will I be hearing my screams no one else hears them they pray for me?
I have to compromise my fears, strength prevailed, and I triggered the light.
Brighter now, and without shadow I am not standing in a box without light I see my life, and choice! Relieved from fear Jade, you can get through this! Strengthen the reward for challenge, I leave. Chin up, and chest out! Strutting my stuff, and prepared for today! Tomorrow brings?
What do I do, if I find my truck? I am just a woman and not one with grease on my hands, mechanical aptitude to start. Now, how would that be possible? Sure I could smash the window, with a mess that was fun to clean up, fun! Getting it started, that truck of mine is the concern The road leaves behind me?
Constant contradiction, and against the grain with every thought, this is becoming more difficult, with every thought by this variable approach too? I will surely die. My thoughts congest me; my heart suffocates the pump, and being hopeless when I find my truck? This is not me I must snap out of it!
The sun breaks the horizon; the moon owns the sky for light. Soon enough this night could be over. The battle between another gives me a break, and has me realize? Is this a mistake? Or an understanding!
Steering to relativity, with no time for brainstorming this cognition of mentality, upwind reality what am I thinking? My mind is fluxed! This is not the time Jade to rhyme, in tune and on time, this time or that time, Stop rambling I say! One more look back, I ran. ~my shadow~
Before the shot was the?
That bear sure did get the best of me! I say over, and over again.
Calm now, acknowledging the mistake? I find a piece of mind, survived, and that I have! Thinking of what I have, and not what I have left behind. No longer a shadow to fear I think differently out in these woods!
I race closer to the river, stemmed, and not steamed this time. I reflect differentially and notice the caps of moonlight, and the wind guiding them, in touch with clarity. I am exhausted, and I could use a drink! Either I am looking at life differently, or I have time to talk out loud, and talk to myself. The river bend gave me a second chance, and for that I continue.
Starting to enjoy this more from the beginning of time, my time was circled. Retrospective analytical truth? Power word I thought Power hour I dance from a close encounter! A great bird that once upset, and how I couldn't stop flying, and laughing afterwards.  I knew, I would see that bird again.
A smile on my face and a laugh that turned my fear to notice other things, and I see a fat fluffy squirrel, running to safety up a tree, only feet away, curious of me, and I wonder did he fear me?
I look up at, fat fluffy quickly making the dash. The squirrel stops then, when I thought too soon, and looking back at me. I was sure he seen me as the dominating species, or he sees himself at a safe distance I thought, I remember the Eagle?
A mouth full of food and, a chomp that gave me an appetite to laugh out loud, and point at that fat little critter, and say, you better be careful, I am top predator you know. The squirrel stares at me like I am nuts. I just kept on walking then, never mind that squirrel, and I move chin up, and chest out.
No longer soaked by stress, with drip on thy face, I wonder, does the cold have me again? Or do I have Jade again. My thirst next, I could only listen to the river another moment. I couldn't resist, and I end up running for it, I am so thirsty, I yell! The river, might have been confused? I look left, then right, and I didn't care I enjoyed my drink.
The water quenching my thirst letting go of that awful feeling, from my dry lips to relieve the tension, and enlightening my sense of taste for survival, I may have spoken to soon. I remember the sound, splash ~
And sexual tension, thinking, focus, focus, I am hungry no need to belly dance just yet. 
Gentle on my feet, and for survival that was once a workout, the cardio that had my mind clear for results, now why did I pass up that opportunity before? On level ground, and brighter days, I say to myself, and exhale. Survival gave my life meaning, and I was more than just' Jade, for I was thirsty!
With a stand, and once in fear; I look around, exhaling that breeze that went right through me before. I stand taller than I am with angst, taking control of my heater, and now this is understood. My system working harder, to understand I believe the cold water was what I needed. However, trying to make sense of this, I did not question; and I look at the woods before me, and surrounding, to say darkness that once imprisoned me, I see you, and I am Jade!
Looking up at the sky, and I feel I am moving the clouds with my eyes. The moon is swallowed, and the sun can get its chance. Then, looking at the horizon upriver, I see it is going to be a while, as I reflect time. I eagerly wait. Turning to the moon again, I yell, who is afraid of whom? With my adrenaline anticipating change and this experience has me sizing up life. Who I am, and who I stand for, the words come to me, I am walking with the armor of God, and for now there is light.
A voice in my head different from my own, says to me, save you and rest, for it is time. This has been enough for one day? Surely I will be fine gaining confidence; I may just sleep, and wake?
Finding a comfortable place to sleep, I tuck myself in with branches, and touch my face comfortable to see. It still feels like me, I say to myself. My skin smooth, and how lucky I am, with eyes tired under this fallen tree. I dream that I sleep, and I sleep.
My thoughts now beautiful and not distracted I focus without panic, and this was no wake up call. My eyes grow big, the tears hit my cheek, I am not dreaming?
I get up and run, through puddles from the river, and a swamp with every other step. Fast I was caressing a slow catch with a good approach. Patience was the key now; I have to pace myself if I want to get home. Save me, and save my feet being marked up from fear. I don't think I can take another stub, me thinks.
The intelligence of, and the guided voices gave me strength. I would be limping? I move on with prowess, the scent of spirit, and the direction questioning? If I was found, what would they think?
Yeti spotted in the woods, and that beast had bloody feet with dirty blonde hair, and dirty it was no question of that.  No time to wonder why, that thing from the swamps broke into a pickup! We had to move fast to detain, seems it never had the keys?
Well that said it, kiss my ass goodbye, I have had better days thinking, and just cause? The mess I am in, and the mess to clean up was my way out. Thinking big was the answer, not Yeti big, lets not discrete yourself Jade. Why wash? You may just attract one!
Slowing down? My thirst had my feet distracted from purpose, and I needed water again. I can't get worked up like this, or I will never make it. There is a tree within a few steps, looking like a great place to sit. I catch breath, and save my thirst. The river bend went left, and I continued my best path. The woods thick; everything looked similar. I know my way for that drink if I have to, I say to myself. With a smirk, and a laugh, I say your place, or mine? Oh well then, I guess you win. I am going left to quench my thirst. Watch out fish, I am starving got sushi? The further silly I am, I feel I am not alone out here, and these are His woods, I still prefer home.
The longest day through the night that I can remember with a hint of moon, and the glimmer of starlight, I feel protected. Seems the sun has a slow start today, or the rays are losing the battle. The wind and the clouds I couldn't help to notice, I laugh.
A change of thought, and I notice a knocking sound in the distance by the river. Yippee! I run for, and believe someone is there, and that is me. The river that took me so long to run from, believe it or not, this time it was right there. This time, I take a look, left then right, and I see no beaver insight when I arrive. Damn was I thirsty, and the beaver, this is Canada.
Drinking the water, and splashing my face. No clothes to worry, or wet. I was enjoying this unmarked reward, without the need to wonder, I wander cool.
In what direction, and what side am I on, and whose side am I on here? Looking upwards seeing the water flow towards me, and by my legs, I am still lost. Moving closer, to a calmer pool, I see my reflection. Virtue thy moment Jade, says the voices in my head. This reflection of mine is much greater than the last one. I take my drink with no fear of shadows, and no drip of tears what?
Nevermore, this is starting to get fun, or I am losing my mind out here. Naked under the moonlight, and getting away with it, you are such a naughty girl. I couldn't help to laugh when I say this. My shadow approaching a wrong turn; not my fault Swamp Vegan? I couldn't resist the laughter with my weird self; I had to continue to find out.
Thinking dirty was the answer, sneaking quietly by a swamp with my nose plugged, was my imagination. I leave the river flowing, again marvelously, and magnificently quenching, like, ah never mind. I have to continue here! Further along and feeling I left nothing behind. Persistent perseverance by every step I feel I am getting closer to civilization, or I am finding myself. Either way, I feel good!
Walking closer with a left foot that was cautious and a right to follow ~* securely. I yell stop it Jade! You're killing me.
My left sunk, and filled my toes with sludge. The right of mine, followed with comfort of course, and direction. My god, I am in a swamp! This isn't bad; this really isn't that bad, with no shoes to submerge, and no price tag to worry. The feeling was disgusting. I caught up with the right, and every step with, and in the right direction, there was no turning back. Trauma was back there, and so was? With a creepy look reflecting mine, reflection cuts and twists at times. I move further, and take one worried look back, realizing submersion.
Further, deeper, and up to my waist in shit. This was not comfortable, through security, and there was no turning back. I made it here, how I wish I could fly through this!
One more step, and there was no more. I was treading water like a kid in a pool, learning to swim. There was no way I was putting my head under. The movement of green, and moss like sludge, had a new plantation like stream behind me. Yuk! I was alive, and a part of something here, and I disturbed it. Attacking my sinuses, I feel sick. Believe me, what was inside of me did not look good, but I watched it float on by, and I moved on. Frankly, it seemed to blend right in.
Moving with a breaststroke, I couldn't shake the eerie feeling that I was being watched. I look with a gazing stare for safety, and I had to be quiet. Something just touched me?  Under the weather and underwater again; water again with some monster racing against my thought of death I flip out! With a naughty mouth, and a wtf was that. Dark and mysterious, was underestimated at this point. A possible return Not likely. When I look back, my fears greatening, and I see nothing but a past with no point of return. Strangely, I excel.
It seems a crow spotted me, yapping to tell the entire wild I was caught. I was out in the middle of this pungent, putrid swamp, and Swamp Vegan would now be on his way. Stop thinking Jade, you have to trust me! And for heavens sake, don't encourage him. What are the chances Swamp Vegan here has had action like you before? At those very words, I stop my upper class thoughts, what if he can hear them? I must swim faster just in case, should I throw the switch?
Racing against the time to kill, by his watch I bet his hunger is never late, with his disgusting looks, and by the look of this swamp, bon appetite! My sports car thoughts have fun with me, and I tell myself its ok. Then question them, giving myself a break. The words what is wrong with you, wouldn't you like one? Go ahead, trade in your wagon, no ones stopping you?
Reflecting thoughts, I had a rickshaw. Running long hours and sleepless nights, I was busy. Race as fast as I do, with an out of balanced one wheeled rickshaw, and then we race! Manic Rick is the fastest car on the street, with no pills at his feet. Why not settle down, you ask me? I have to attract laughter, I say. And I will say again you dont strike me as the type, maybe it's my bipolar, and your knowledge of futility. The lack of understanding, and ignorance in this society, I believe I just peed a little. And with another laugh, and a look back from my imaginary friend, I found this priceless, and contagious, by social standard. Well spoken, and no matter how exhausting that race was, distraction was the ignition.
I see you looking at me Pinky! I know that stub hurt, there was nothing I could do about it, and your brothers led the way! Not to worry, I got you babe!
Laughing out, loud and swamped, no matter how difficult to laugh, when you're being hunted. From a pull of polarity, I would have to entertain a trip to the North Pole. Uninhibited with words, I couldn't think of anything better to do with my lurking, depressive bad taste, I had to recover, or I would relapse. Next stop happy place!
You got to be kidding me, I shout! I look ahead, and then around, with not much room to go, fumbling my words walking left, and then right. My God I understand it now. You made me this thing, with this swamp again. Why, would you do this to me? What on earth is the need for another swamp like this? Here we go again; I might just have to hold my breath this time. Jade thinks, she speaks, and is lurking in the deep. Oh please give me a break, and part the swamp!
Looking at the swamp digest, nowhere to go, and I believe my fears just made it ~





Deeper!

Deep breath with my legs tired, I just took a drink and it was more than that. Luckily I am a practicing vegetarian this time. Gross when is this swamp going to end? Then the mocking crow starts again, with its reply. The words were you are surely going to die! I don't trust that bird, and I contest. I spit out the rest of my breakfast and say it can't get any worse than this!
A bad taste in my mouth with a twisted tongue by lip had me continue no matter how dreadful, and there was no turning back now, no turning back. The bird seems quite angry with me, and I don't know what I did to this poor bird. I see its chronic head suffering, with every yap, almost like a tossed salad. I would too, if I couldn't shut up, bird. Alright Screw this, and screw you scare crow! Do you ever shut up? Can't you see, I am trying to be quiet! I say to the bird and stop with not a word after. I relax, because I know my triggers.
I notice by curling my toes, I feel quite comfortable. Before my feet were dry blistered, and stubbed and now my feet feel fantastic. I think of pinky, and say oh don't worry little buddy, you will get yours. That was a pretty nice stub for a poor little fellah, who's not strong like the rest. I promise you, when we make it through this, you will get your socks!  You know what I am talking about I got you pinky!
Don't be scared, I got you Jade!
My mind busy I am trying to decipher, and I ask myself is that you?
You got this, keep it together, you can see higher ground ahead, with dryer soil, and relax. There is no time to reflect now, mind, body, soul. You go girl!
Welcoming change with or without clothes there is no need to put yourself back in that swamp. Your feet may enjoy it, and no time for assumptions, you know pinky wants socks. There is no need for regression, when you can see dry ground ahead, with an open field, and something different.
I repeat my thoughts, and secure direction, by repeating my thoughts I secure. Motivation has me distracted, and now driven! I don't know what I would do without you, and I. Welcoming change, with or without clothes has me wonder? When I get back to civilization, and I know I will. The words spoken will be I am bipolar, with a smile on my face, and pretty lips to ask what makes you unique.
Not a moment more, or a second to count down self-respect, I say for I am Jade, and this is infinite progression! I get the nasty swamp off me, for a fresh start that makes sense. All the hard work I put in, and the reason I repaired, was to be certain my name wasn't in the papers. I could see it now we caught Blondeti!
The dark shades of green moss, and trees fallen, obviously to their death. Or wait has someone survived this?
Maybe there is a chance for me.
The steam lifted with a stench of heat like it was alive. And so am I, and it was not going to bring me down. Swamp you got yours, and I got mine. I say goodbye without words, just the thought of you had me look back, but I couldn't go through that again, not like you!
The waters bubbling my focus has me in stare trying to condition, the swamp that wants me back. I don't look back depressed, I have changed, and I see better ahead.
At that very moment I imagine, something, or someone, immerging from the depths of the swamp, with a swamp covered body, and a face that could have been mine. I run, I run fast! I was not going to stick around to figure this out, or to start and see. My sports car racing fast and catching up to me with the thought; can you imagine a cognitive distortion out here all alone and now just the two of you...  Lurking in the deep with no need to stick around, or get stuck in that swamp. No crystal out here, just you and me babe!  Godspeed, full equipped backbone, and ready for battle, or retreat? My rest for protection was with the armor of God, can I rest now?
Exhausted, the sun has finally won its fight with the moon, and no longer the stars. The nightmare was over. I stop running from fear, nevermore was there pain, or suffering in my mind. I believe best, and that is all I can do. Rewarding myself with these words, exhaustion found clarity, and I see much further now. I have to sleep here protected, and any place should do, I close my eyes.
Falling from the sky above, I look down at this world and now again with fear when I land. I won't know what to say? The ground getting closer, and closer, with an excuse that had me wondering how I am going to explain myself. I land, with not a moment more to waste, I was alive? Through the roof above me, and now confused. Looking down there was no debris, and it was not that big of a deal.
Dr. Speedvac?
Yes, I am here to talk to you Jade.
I know who you are, as we have met before.
But I don't get it? I was just, and now? I fumble my words, and hide the truth.
The Dr. says to me I understand what you went through then and, now. I haven't forgotten your name, and it's not for you to work hard, or think you can fly, just does it. That is how you do it right? I got pills!
The first time we met you were all over the road. Driving a car that time, I was the one who threw you the keys. Now Jade, for you to understand, and at the time, you still didn't trust me, and you were quite ripped off, when I gave you the tools. How many friends do you know, that would give you a car!
Dr. Speedvac, I don't understand, I took the tools, and with my bucket of bolts, I was racing to design. A few weeks went by, and I couldn't adjust.
Well Jade, why didntt you come see me then, I could have helped yes just like spell check???
That is just it, I felt labeled to destroy myself, and my distraction was the car in mind. I had to make it the best. I would look in the mirror at the end of the day, for how hard I worked, and with little progress, consuming the stress, I was determined. I told everyone about my build, and in the beginning I had help. After that they couldn't work with me anymore!
So what did you do?
I worked harder, I found help and my prayer was answered.
Jade, why are you here now?
That's an easy answer, my car broke down at those speeds, and at this time, I didn't want help. It seems I have to finish everything here. I might as well do it again, and rebuild it. On the side of the road with little tools, depressed, and feeling disposed. It seems a roll of duct tape was the answer. I would make a mistake, and get more and more upset, by over powering my frustrations, the tape wouldn't hold. However I did get my car back on the road. I step down the pace just in case, but it seems with a foot on the pedal, and an engine that wanted to run, I get back up to those speeds.
And, now youre flying Jade?
Yes Doctor, there was more maintenance at these speeds, and I was getting tired. I remember lying in bed disappointed in myself, with days passing, and people wondering. I was scared to show my face again, constantly looked at, and they say 'hey that's the idiot, careless, and always on the road racing, what is she doing now?' I couldn't help myself to put my face with that speed, I once had. I get more, and more depressed, agoraphobic, and distressed. Time passes with that racing car of mine, in mind, and I had to think of something else.
And what was it Jade?
I enrolled in the flight academy, with the plan to succeed, I can do anything right?
Jade, I am enjoying your story. I have told you I am only a psychiatrist, and what you need is a psychologist. I can help you with levels, and give you a smoother flight; it is up to you  'Wake up Jade' wake up!
I was fading black to light with the sun that hits me in the eyes, and says Good Morning America. I didn't get this; at the time I am proud to be Canadian. The sun confused, and I forget it. Jade you must be mistaken? I yell the wakeup call Good Morning Canada! It's going to be a high of 60 degrees with a cool breeze from Splash Easy. If you book now with your high miles, the kernels are always popping with a good time, and a time to come buy, 2 for 1 gift passes available now, we'll see you soon.    Splash Easy all rights reserved.
Oh my, I really am living the dream. I wish I could of snapped out of it. Illogical dreaming foretelling sense for life, choices, and new directions driven by spirit had me confused then Driven. I haven't left myself time to go and enjoy America. I still have the chance to find my liberty, Lady Liberty. Looking back at me and to see who I am, voiced humble inside, and looking at her stature, and the countries she stands for to say I feel you! You have to understand liberty, like I do. How difficult it is, to go on like this, for those who see me bipolar. Fuck Bipolar Argh!!! Shes a Pirate! Call me Impatient Patient #22849007 PLEASE

~forgive me for I have sinned~ profanity super glued my past, and
The stereotypes I speak of, I went from a pen, to paper, typewriter, and now a computer. 

And now my stereo types 

Racing my thoughts for a chance at life, seen confused breaking out of my shell with too much to say at times. It was not my fault, I had too many ways to express my highs, yet I pumped others to have the support when I needed it, they didn't respond.
Looking up at the sky, I see a beautiful clear blue. I have to start my day, hungry! My hunger tells me, you're afraid of sushi. I am sure you will find something to eat, surely you are remarkable.
Without an aisle in reach, food for thought, and no isle argh! I could tell you I would be thinking of pizzas right now, but I could not. I had to think fat, be thin, and have my hunger find me something to eat. I look at my claws, and think whoa not that big! And quickly revert to my survival skills. Now thinking of the days when I was out in the woods, a kid on the hunt to find the perfect stick. With the wiener's no good without an open flame, I had to find a stick. For I am not a killer, I have never committed a crime, I say to myself Jade, this is different! And that fat fluffy squirrel is lunch. You had your breakfast, with no need to practice more; youre a meat eater now!
My belly growls for the hunt, this bed of grass I woke up on, was no more. This was personal between the squirrel, and I. Thinking small, I had to act faster.
I look at my feet, and those dirty toes. I take the swamp from my feet, and cover my face, from pale to ready the war, with Fatso! I can taste him already, this animal instinct of mine tells me, stealth, and patience is the key.
Looking down and around for tracks, there was nothing to be found. That squirrel was smarter than I thought, and light on its feet; lighter than me, and I growl top predator. I look up, and see myself right back where I was, staring at Fatso, with his plump feasting chubby cheeks right back at me, I have been spotted! No time to question how I got here, but this was that place, we first met. If squirrel was a girl like myself, it did not matter, no bonding here, squirrel was my lunch! Chomping away in that tree, the noises of Fatso had me patient, and I thought go ahead make my day and fatten yourself up, this will be your last lunch, never mind supper.
A tree branch next to me I grasp my weapon of choice, and I snap it in time with the squirrel. A branch with a perfect edge ready to kill, with fatso in view and was lunch. The sound of careless indulgence had me stealth, just like I had planned. My confidence could taste the snack, and my snack would be mine. A creek from of hesitation was my mistake, and Fatso looked up, and then continued to eat. I see a keen sense of behavior, however my desire was?
A smile on my face I creep slowly, and with grace. I get closer within better view, but it seems I won't get close enough to throw my spear from here. I take a breath and think range.
Watching the squirrel feast up in the tree with the edge of a branch next to? It seems the squirrel is having more than lunch with that supply. I notice something; it's not just me, and the squirrel? Head up with the squirrel, and looking spooked with a noise! Wasn't me? Another in the woods maybe? Now or then, Fatso was the main course, no need for distraction, my histamines thirst hunger. Scratching I was, and addicted to the kill.
At my feet, these rocks have me thinking? I pick one up, and throw it to the left of the squirrel. Hitting the brush making a noise Fatso drops his lunch and looks? Fatso sees nothing but a stunned look and returns to eat. Thinking one with the enemy, he was my kill, and I was to be feared at this time. Picking up another nut, the squirrel occupied, and I throw another rock. I Yell Fatso you're mine!
With a lunge and a perfect throw, my weight hunger the spear and the bow missed! I fall backwards in defeat, look up with my hand on my belly, and say this is a nightmare!
Fatso never flinched?
My eyes closed, dreaming of a better life and a fulfilling one. I missed my lunch, and the wind gave me ice scream! I feel something brush across my naked body. Opening my eyes I see, this psychosis of mine is real! In the field and still in a field; I don't believe it. I haven't moved, and or seen that squirrel. I close my eyes again to be sure. I open them and let out my breath.
Shocked state and I have been through enough, and there was still chance in all honesty. I dont like the word chance, and I need home! This headache of mine was starting again. Concussing the feel with the lump on my head, I say you're in rough shape, that rock left its mark! I went easy, and snap I was out of it.
Suddenly with a vision, looking deep into the perfect set sky, reflecting my day. I see myself there watching. Between the blowing grasses, I was seen from above. I see a soft like a couch, a place for me to sleep. Fluffy wondering and, I could not explain the exhaustion sinking deeper, and deeper. My eyelids were getting heavier, and heavier. I should sleep, and dream the day home. I sink deep!
Psychotic vulnerability, I variable my sleep, and wake with an unknown sense of things.

SPIRIT




For Jade you have to trust Me, I am here to guide you, and you can sleep on my path.
My God Is this my Life?
Yes, life is always with you Jade. We breathe together friend, no matter persecution, dream with me.
Amazed with a gratifying urge to smile, and a take at work, I say where have you been? I have been looking all over for you? Welcome back friend, let's do this!
I say loud and clear, with an open mouth no longer a stitched secret. I lift the left side of my lips higher, and then the right for a smile, and hold it. I feel better, and I thanked the Lord in Prayer.
The feeling went write through me, and I thought of paper with shelter from the trees, and not a clear thought cut through me, it was the wind, and I was thinking? I was enjoying this bed of grass, and the clouds moving with a chance of me? I must have seen home? I sadden my smile, and look onward rational, defeated. Staring through the tall green grass swaying the cold, my eyes tire faced with mania. Do I believe in God? I Believe I do! Faces of mania, I would have to say get lost!
No longer alone, on path, as if I was dreaming, or I was awake, I found myself. Guided from fear, and shined by light, I feel the grace and company from another, to follow. Not just another, for I see Christ.
I cry beautiful tears, and try again for more. Relieving tension, my nerves calm, and my day is seen as days to come, not days to get through. Against the grain with my eyes following the tips of grass, I see wheat. Now there must be something, something out here for me to eat? Suddenly, my teeth hit with a crash.
Putting my right hand across my face wiping the blades from my teeth, onto hand with a look feeling sick to curse the words out loud, they were outspoken in my head. Looking down at the locust that was certainly out of control, I had to look up, and with a hand full, away from my hand to say God are you there? I really need you right now! I cannot shed another tear, for then I would be thirsty, and I am starving. I listen, and hear no reply. Now angry with God, I hear another voice in my head.
Don't eat it!
My mouth should be fine, and this is a gift to satisfy a thought. I didn't wipe it from my hands for a reason. My first feeling of hunger with cognitive belly telling me there must more than this, I thought. A different voice says to me how did it make you feel? My reply was *&#^%@! Stopping myself from going further, and again with the voice?
I knew what I had to do. I put that locust in my mouth, and ate it. Chomping, grinding my frustrations of being played with, I satisfy my hunger. I am not your playground! And thanks I enjoyed it, from a look above we smiled.'
Cautious now with the scent of another and for this other! This is more serious that I thought, and I should not provoke.
Stronger, I jump as high as I can, and kick out my legs to metaphor The trees are now a field, the grass is tall and green, health fearless. Focus was keen, and Jade was on her way. I am starting to feel friendly as the blades of grass move across my skin, with my sense of direction whether thick or thin, it did not matter, for every stride, and every breath I take, I feel strangely aroused? Exhilarating the outcome was with a change in feeling. I was once numb, and I said to myself I feel sexy!
Raising my arms to feel the sky with my bottom swaying left to right, my rear view under light, and uninhibited I just might. Jade look at you, a whole day has gone by, and you haven't rewarded yourself? I look up for collateral, and see to have the words, I could not believe. The sun has left the sky, and so has the moon, for it was dark, and darker than it once was.
Doesn't this feel better? No longer seen naked and no longer I need, I was needed by the devil. I need you Jade! I cannot remember a fear? I am wanted. I try to remember looking back and still naked, eaten alive now by bugs, with one for hunger, and my thoughts was I jumped high! Naked-alive, I knew I was far enough. My mind went dirty, and I needed my reward. The hell with it, I need this!
The mouth pulled left, and the lips tighten. This could be an alright place for us! Comfortably taken I won't mind, and we think alike. Don't mind me, I say to myself out loud, and wonder? If you happen to pass by, tell the story of how you found me and thank you kindly for saving me! The voice riddles my beauty, and I?
Denying what I heard, within a blade of grass, and a family, there was more field here than the eyes can see.
My thoughts tuned by fantasy, and not reality. I believe I am safe, when I touch myself. A pleasurable time coming on, it would only make sense to?
Overwhelming me, with the pleasurable feeling this was ok. Naked under view with my body beautiful, and hard to resist, were the voices in my head. An abusive aggression, I had to tell myself, I enjoy this?
I lay back onto the grass. Sensual by touch, and sensual by nature with the grass that lies beneath, did not lie to me, it was more pleasant, and touched me where I lay. Little fingers caressing my body, with the wind my massage. I have been through a lot, and this was, not as aggressive. The cold air sheltered by the winds this time as the long grass bed me.
To wear myself out, I felt I was losing my touch, and with the grace of God only moments before, I see him, and he is here with me now. How once before, I was distracted God, please forgive me for I have sinned, my time is more valuable than the aggression! There is a time and a place, this was not that. This is my time with God. My eyes fill with tears I believe I was? I stop myself and think, and then stop? Tired I was, and required my strength to persevere this beauty, and once before mess, I need to carry myself forward to? My heart is home, my needs are the shelter I own. Dreaming awake or dreaming, nevertheless why question belief.
I look into the night skies, stellar! Just how eye imagined before with the moon casting light, and it watched me. Making me thinks shyly, and then wandering my body with thought; no longer tired I see myself relaxed. I sweat delight, no longer stress in mind, and clear as the stars in the sky above. Tonight the stars shine for me, in a perfect world, a perfect dream? Life never is, at this moment I found something here my heart beats calmly for peace!
Lighting my fire, laying there naked cool to skin, warm and not giving myself the chills. I wonder? Staring at the moon that had its show and for it was me! I feel better, however my thoughts are unsure. What the heck is that noise, ringing, tensioning me, and? I look around and see the sky falling, and the night encapsulating me entirely. With my eyes, in pure darkness, I can't I can't?
Alarm clock I tell you off! Do you ever shut up? For what I have been through, I will be up in a minute 'RELAX' the words appear to me, and I shout I will be up in a minute damn you!
From the moment of annoyance, to frustrations splitting my head, and reaching a vocal point, I am ready to get up. Just at my movement, and barely even flinching, the alarm shuts off on its own? Laughing with myself, for laughing hysterically, I flushed red. I say never done that before, what's the change of heart? I take a well-deserved breath sinking back into the pillow of mine, reflecting time by digital clock. Clock tuned by current. And not current time I question? I don't trust my own laugh by a cautious look, while noticing that something else doesn't feel right. I see myself under the covers, and removing them to confirm, naked? Looking down at myself I see labeled confusion, I shout gibberish was I drugged? Compartmenting my thoughts I feel overwhelmed, my head sorts for answers, and I find what I am looking for. Unfortunate to notice, the label fear!
I don't lean to my own understanding, afraid I detoxify my wake. The cabinet, my only choice was to question? Why these bare thoughts? A bear and what was the significance of? A moment passes I snap clarity, yet my coffeemaker was nowhere in sight? Things seem out of place here? Thinking bare without clothes without a recollection of container I felt empty.
Three sided, with an emotional feel. The significance of three enters my thoughts me thinks, me feels, me cries without screams! I used the right words without any funny stuff, I am still me. I have woken, and raised the question with expression what about a bear? Incomplete thoughts, racing wake up call, and no alarm. I had to know. I had to eat. My toes were dirty, and I lose my understanding.
Grinding my teeth, I make my way to the cupboard to find something to eat. At the counter digging my claws for hunger, I go high for something, I haven't seen in a while. I craved something was there, with a known fridge empty. Leaning for the top, the prize for the win, my hunger was stronger than just within. The feast was awaiting me.
My left hand in claw supporting my weight for the right armed left legged reach. I get the cupboard door open, and I put my hands in to it, to find? Breaking a nail on my left, my hand grabs what was inside, and what inside was a handful of grass. I scream & %&#*( lunging backwards with a slide across the floor, I see a handful of?
Turning my back to evil, looking at where I once woke moments before, my bed was floating? I rise to my dirty feet, and dash to the door. For safety, for concern, for my life what is happening to me? The compartment was fear, mine?
My heart beat my way out, and I was outside of this. My tears drained me, and I never felt sleep, I felt remote. Who is controlling me? Outside now, naked confused. I have the strangest feeling of dj vu. I am nauseous from the uncharacteristic view of numbers with the doors once white, and now black? Each door hand numbers upside down upon and in view thre3.

I turned the page of fear






With a turnaround by distraction for no need of any more pain. I just breathe. The turn was my apartment no more?
Taunting field before my eyes, I was right back where I was, and I hear laughter? Let me out of this nightmare! I scream. Don't you see I can't change overnight!
Why have you forsaken me!
Jade, I am here with you, be cautious of the snake for he slithers!
Let me breathe my own reality again, please for the love I have in you God, I pray to you Lord, my savior Jesus Christ.
My last breath inhaled I shout save me I want life!
My heart is yours; forgive me for I have sinned. My heart no longer locked please show me the way home without fear!
Blunder rushed tears dripping from my cheek. Lord tells me, tells me if I am your testament, and is I a prophet to guide the new covenant? What is the purpose of all this? Am I dreaming? Have I died, for a path to stairway?
Answer me this then, is I dead but dreaming, or wake? Is this your world?
I repent my sins, please forgive me!
Rhythmic grass that blows the wind, I ask why the black birds? Why are they so interested in me? 
Moving like a swing of the pendulum, I thought. I stop to listen. Was this my door? I feel the sound of the wind swaying green, a healthier safer place, yet still not mine. I close my eyes intensifying the feeling upon opening. Mine? Bloody, and strangely inviting? I am in control, and I have to change this. There is no longer need for pain, I found God.
Out here I wonder with no need for clothes, means to survive, and or control. I am wearing the armor of God, and I no longer feel naked, no longer scared. I look at my left hand, and grip tightly to a shield for protection, I move on with peace, and without sword.
The breeze seemed to wander, and my craving for an appetite dismissed destruction. I am strong. Curious no matter how obscure this was, I have never been in a dream that I knew I was. I now believe, with a shield in hand, I am dreaming.
I am going to enjoy this, I cannot be hurt. I can do whatever I want, says the white rabbit! Laughing, and always wanting to say that. I was in place, and my senses lead me to stop!
A sign reading:

*~*~*
Across this desert is a glass of water, and a home cooked meal
Halfway for hunger
Be cautious, the sun will be out soon
*~*~*

My curveball facial expression was not a time to be taunted. Although I knew this would be fun, and I wonder? Can I fly?
Hunger sparks my empty. My desire to eat was unbearable, like the hot sands beneath my feet. Hunger!
The sands of the hourglass have its time. I will not be tempted to turn around, my hunger has me moving. Hey! Stay out of it! There is no voice-over here, this is my dream remember! My dream! Do you want me to spell it out for you? D e v i l!
Frustrations have me further from starvation, and the taste of sands blowing in my face, has me taste the desire for water.
Give me what is mine!
The sun rises and the sky clears. I no longer fear, fearless I am and darkness no longer fears me, hunger strengthened my beast. With a sink from every step, I was prepared with a sandal? What am I wearing, what is this? I look like a weathered antique. This dream is stranger than the mind of mine!
I am motivated never the less, by the sands and against the grain. The clothes will have to do, am I naked? Lets say the clothes are a loose fit. My eyes lead the way with a lethargic stare, with my feet fine, and clothed. The only thing I question is, why the distance?
Onward further, I tire, and my sweat drains. I thirst for that glass half full. One more hill to climb and I give up. Throwing the hood up on the garment, I give up! This is preposterous!
My senses guiding me, by death fall. These hills of sand were tiring my sandal. The typical result of mine was motion sickness, and from a decision that was clearly a result? I want my shoes! I am fueled from the oils dripping skin, shedding scales?
So interest is your game, is it? I am not your viola, fiddle, trick or treason by puppet, by string and sting! For I am Jade and I make the choices here. This is my dream, you get out! I see you there!
I draw the sword from the sheath that appeared ready for battle and ready to meet, my greatest fear. With a psychotic and feared laugh, I say be careful my sword is sharp, and not scaled; for you better hide I am hungry!
Playin6 trick6 on m6 are you?
My toes clench the stringed sandal, and the sands print my name. This is my path, and I follow the path of Christ, is it his? The gift sheltered my body, clothes draped my feet. My hood kept the radiant sun from my blind. Repeating Psychosis, am I taken?
I look around at the winds blowing the sand. I see footprints ahead of me, and a path to follow. I changed my direction, and soon enough I was walking a path once, led by?
Walking further by steps, the sun was at a height blinded from the hood of my cloak, and my eyes were in the shade. My breath warming my cloak and I find these clothes I wear has purpose. A mind that may have raced before, that was my only a thought to many! Me feels never ashamed, and never a lack of? This is how I work things out. My senses distracted, and my mind took over. This time was different, I felt a more intense heat with every step I follow, and for hotter than sun, I was safe.
Is this the voice of God? Or the voice from my Subconscious fears? I voice myself to question?
I am enemy, and I am fear! I will break you the right way, and you will come for everything you seek, answers I grant you! Come to me! Everything you see will be? Before you, and for you to me Jade! Come to me; desire to taste my forbidden fruit. You will fear no longer, you will be god! Accept me Jade! Take a bite, you are starving!
Voices in the distance, far from God, this was different trying to guide me again by direction, and I see nothing but a tree far from here, and without thirst I question survival, no longer hunger.
My thoughts, feelings, puzzled by emotion play a game of risk and I have to move from the screams! Climbing, winded by fear, and opposed by endless sands to survive. I now focus on the peak of another dune ahead by another cycle of mind. I look below for the smell of freedom, and the taste of starvation. My eyes growl inside, and I see my prize!
Pivoting the sand, and lunging forward with a great deal of laughter. I trip carelessly, and tuck my shoulder back on my feet. A stepping stone for thee drink. I am so thirsty my lips are dry!
Standing above looking downward at this woven basket in view, I could only imagine a home cooked meal. Designed, well deserved, and engineered. Cared for tendered by thirst, I lick my dry lips to desire my taste.
Looking below, the time and choice of liberty by direction, was mine. Class A meal I thought. I dreamed big, real big!                   

~ It moved?








Chapter in Retrospect 'Jade'
Jade is of many talents, and an over achiever. It would be said, she is stubborn at times, and a strong believer in herself. Jade is driven! She would see herself as the second hand of the clock, with a balance of time for coordinates. Stress and apprehension was an issue, time was always a concern. Jade was always writing, and these words seem to find me? When do I get a break, when?
Financially independent I am, with finances not a concern, I am broke. Broke doesn't get things done? Considering the companies time and mine, I was a great asset. My god, I am at work on my day off? I was an asset Balderdash!
I am getting tired of writing. Image is credibility, labeled bipolar?
Yours truly and mistaken,
-Jade xoxoxo
	

















There are some things we need to know about our Girl. Jade has Bipolar disorder, and this disorder is not easily recognized by her, or understood by society, the health care invention? Triggered by fears, quickly problems arise. Her co-workers notice her moving around the workplace at a more than medium pace, and an uncontrollable rate? Jade accomplishes most tasks at hand, and her co-workers, taken?
Credit was charged and not given, with a scare from working herself out of a job, careful with resistance! A container with compartments overflowing; what the fuck? She asked for an office, and a file cabinet. This was turned down by bipolar, Jade never spoke the words. Always doing, thinking of something? Seems something was undone that never had a chance to breathe to figure, and weight gain was stressed. There was too much work to be done.  Jade assured everyone else, she was ok. Then the voices in her head started.
Faster with pleasure, slower with defeat, and adaptive thrills stimulating senses for distraction. A channel flip was one of. Thirty minutes, not stopping for one, and or listening to. Jade believed her mind was better, and it was. However, distracted by nonsense she had enough on her mind. The anger, from saying too much or that direction would soon be suffering. A subtle wonder why?  Avoidance was keys to what was on, or what was wrong.
Soaked by sense, the anger had interest and the frustrations had room to breathe. Thinking quicker, enjoying the high. I have never had to pay for an altered state. Was it harming her, or is it? The trigger was it negative? Would it be possible to distract the distraction, and find the off button for Jade? Would it be possible at this time, if interest was found? Directing, and dissecting time was important to Jade. A programmer analyst by trade, and when asked, she was embarrassed by her daily stress, her daily motion. She couldn't take the ask! And would say I am the Engineer of Thought!
Everyone questioned her stability?




Chapter: Spinning in Reality
	One-step further and it seems the quicksands of frustrations has me spinning again!
Let me out!
I shout up into the sky, swallowed from a time of consequence. This was a time of joy. My actions, why?
My life flashing before my eyes, the channels change I struggle with fear. Every move, and for every panic, I grasped for air. I was sinking, and I am depressed. The spin cycle of my mind, connected to a thought. I was in way over my head, with this time like every other. It was only me sinking, and so I thought. This would be another mess I was in, and a mess to clean up, my thoughts shout.
I had a mess that should be fun to clean up, from a time of joy? This makes sense, yet I added bleach!  Yelled at or vanquished by so many, and without explanation the depression cycle changes, and I start to sweat. Tensioning the headache from a mindless nerve, find me peace, havent you given up yet? This has been years!
The sands that race right round and around have me turning left with less time, less breath, and soon there will be nothing left of me. The sands have an appetite, and I am fueling it. Confused I scream save me! I swallow the last drip, with a mouthful of tears that is now soft spoken, and wanting my last breath. I speak softly, tense and without air. I stop to listen ~
I hold my breath from making a noise, with no breath left. Clearing my mind to just listen, just listen. I stop sinking.
Many moments later with a calm peaceful mind I engulf a mouthful of water! I put my hands above and reaching for the sands with the tide deceased. I have will to live, and a gift for I have overcome this! My heart beats, and ensures me I am a survivor! Breathing as I should, with focus, and this not so difficult task; I lunge this moment, directed by the flat lands above.  Balancing myself by weight, not to tip the scale and return; I rest above upon these sands.
To wonder why, I believe I would start sinking again, and it was necessary for this part to stop. I have arms, legs, two hands and feet, everything you see now fingers and toes! I am starting to see this on land with a view to see. This is a great opportunity for me; I wasn't high, and I was no longer sinking!
Thereafter, it went dark with fear, my retreat of will I triggered a light, and distracted myself to breathe again. With my last breath I yell? Words not making it through my mouth, when full of salt water! Yuk, I hate salt water.
Is this what you call my glass?
My foul salted tasted mouth had many words to say! These words I had to stop. My echo speaks back to me and says you have been spotted! With a quiet transparent voice, I thought and speak the words creepy.
My clothes heavy, and my mind knew what I had to do. The first thing was, to find a place for these? I am so cold. So cold by this dream, there must be a laundry mat around here somewhere... There must be!
Taking off my clothes, and disgusted with my look. I threw those lousy rags of my past; all beaten up and worn like a? I wont even say! Thrown to dry, I move on cool.
Running for the green I take a puff, and a look at the clouds above, thinking I need a smoke. The water is breaking ice caps, and I did not need a coffee? Sleeping and, well rested. I laugh to myself with a dream within a dream, and with a smile that moved the clouds. This time my tears were that of salt.
With the ocean in view, I was still cold. Should I test the waters? This might be a mistake, and I believe I tasted enough. I ran for it! The change of tune from a wind that bit me in the cold had me run skinny as I am, and for the dip to consider warmth. I was laughing with a reflection of time, and a good one, no longer doing the work by hour, or by minute. The ocean was warm and, I renewed to believe the difference!
I lay within the waves from a settle by splash, and the sea rolls gentle waves for my tension, retention to be, and see! Up at the clouds, I reflect not a past. I enjoy my time, and for today is making the difference, today and right now. Does it get any better than this? Why on earth would I want to imagine better! Why would I, imagine!
I feel,
	I feel
		
 









































balanced









	






No longer threading the needle of fear, with little time rushed to find home, and lost. I guide my own. The free of being two faced and double sided. Euphoria that was not aroused by another, for this was enlightenment, and the sun shines for me. Smiling and looking up at the sky with thanks, and reflection of feeling, the becoming. The becoming of me!
My time to relax was no mistake, with nothing to prove, and no one watching. Without a need to fly, wonder why. I sink, and roll peacefully in the waves. A title wave toxic mentality, no need for pharmaceutical reality, I was dreaming!
Balanced on the sea within reach, the waves say in their own way, we got you, and you are not alone! Jade, you are not alone! I say to myself, I am not alone.
A piece of mind and a time that moves with me with my connection of mind, body, and soul; I float with spirit. The weight of the ocean has mine like a cushioned pillow from the clouds above; I am weightless. I shout, who's laughing now! My thoughts had no gravitational pull, and my polar was gone, and this was free, free I tell you, free!
Continuing my most pleasant and vital reward. I got my drink, and I got my rest, and for food I did not think of at this time, I was relaxed. I had to say the words with little effort without gasp. I test my voice with words, I am connected, and my life is free from spins, I roll with the wind with no container, and no compartment to my past! Shouting and releasing had me float, more and more relaxed. I believe with my eyes, the sight of something, but this wasn't just something, this was what the world was for.
Something is forming up in the clouds! With a steady gaze, smiling words. I took my squint from my eyes, bigger than, and bigger than me! There are faces in the clouds, faces! Different from each other, they look down at me. Still the same and it seems ones I have seen before, and ones of theater? I am excited for what I see, I see faces!
My body floating, gracing the beauty found. A hope, a love, there was something of a feeling I had for what I saw. This is something left behind, left inside me? This was something beautiful, and for me! I wonder who else can see.
The clouds move the faces within, by wind masking the clouds, the faces have won. The day had balance, and two smiles back at me, with a shine from the sun breaking the clouds! Mine was different, and the same. I had to come to realize, as the chill winds now driven, and the opposing force giving me the ok? For personality! I was floating all the same in my happy place, the faces above one, and my happy place was this. I smile back and shout, how you doin! Captivated by feeling and capped by waves. I am overwhelmed by well-being, the self-gratifying guided feeling, I am loved!
I lye here without lies, without cover up, without fear to steer my thoughts, this was gentle like a mother, and her womb. A tear from salt, a heart warm, and a smile that tea the calm of me. Respect! Eye believe in I, and You! Fearless moment and a love tap it was. Thus blissful moment had me no longer a blunderbuss, and or fuss. Let's be together forever.
Shallow no longer, shallower the winds guided me. I questioned and see, natures love for me, and with a heads up, nature was right. It will be dark soon! Whispers from the dusk to dawn, I moved.
The waters cool, and the sky had started to change, to a darker shade of grey. I watch an impeccable meet, and there would be skies filled with beauty thereafter. I prayed for stars!
The skies would go black, gloom, day to night, and I had to save myself again for I fear the night! It was black night, and I must move quickly! I couldn't be frightened again by my thoughts, by my?
Again I was caught out here all alone, and again. It seems its night I fear, with too much time to think relighting senses, I fear darkness adjusting me! Where is my Conditioning?
The winds whistles get a move on!
A few kicks from my legs, and a curl from toes. I am a sea monster! I shout! My heart beat in love, and I wonder why the day had a poetic parabolic injustice? This moment the justice was mine, and this dream was the finer things in life, my time. Thinking red, and thinking wine, how desired my taste would be. I squint with a look to shore, and imagine a bottle for me. Staring at the rock, I imagine a bottle of pinot, or I would settle for merlot. Squinting more, and with a hand waving the wand with nothing, I imagine I am too silly! Still nothing just a plain old rock, it was worth a try nevertheless, any the less would be uncivilized. I think, me shrugs, me speaks. This dream of mine?
If this was my life every day without reward would I shrug? What would be the point of time; I speak softly, and giggle.
I turn the page, and continue my swim to shore.
I make it, with little effort to put a step down on the ocean floor. Still waist height, watery deep. Yelp!
Inflating like a blowfish I grab a deep breath, and smile. Excited and happy I am. The light reflected from the black sands below. Curious to see more, from here was? Coming into view from every kick of water I kick my toes. Even pinky had his moment. This was unbelievable and what was it? What seemed waist deep away, is further now? Head first, toes up, and whatever it is down there I am going to get it, and bring it up! Distant it was. I end up swimming deeper and deeper, with one arm at length in front to stretch for a clasp. Thinking I never paid for this, I got this. Something so remarkable that did not cost me, this was a gift! This was?
In my hand, and to my hands was a bottle aged, tired of these black sands. Not old? On the other hand I remember this particular style of. As a child, my father would bottle wine with one similar in look and size. The difference is this one is worn, and dark from the sands below, dirty. Not one to bottle his favorite So I thought?
Ground level now, I wipe the sands from the bottle, thinking from land to sea, I shout from sea to land! Cleaning the bottle, I see my face making laugh, and funny stuff between me and the bottle, this face was not mania and would not be shared. This was personal, and I had to see what was inside.
There is something inside!
I remove the cork. Many words later, I would have to say argh she's a pirate! That was not easy to do. What is easy? I look at the ocean, and smile. Pop! Oh strapping young lad was I excited! A message wrapped with a twist? I knew it, it could not have been that old, I had to know? The message in the bottle had many.
What is this, some kind of Joke!
This page is for you, wine is for me. The way things change, tides of time will remember. Three sheets from my heart, to write one, and throw to sea! 
I dont get it?
Upset, standing up with arms thrown down raging with spite, then arms up on my head dancing with horns! My thoughts race reflecting a break, something valuable and this was not that. No wave could save me now! My finances a burden, bills due, and for what? I paid the price for this? And where is my break, my cut, my piece of cake; I spit financial quarters!
I want it all!
A message in a bottle is so overrated, got that message? You got my attention, and you will get yours. Oh yes! I am not done with you yet!
My smile lost, my heart raced, my manic thoughts thrown down by my feet to sands.  Hopeless and helpless I feel! This was my break, and this was frustrating the hell out of me. I get up quickly, impulse the run for security with no help, and where was God without prayer!
Saddened my feel, thoughts race my fears. I left the bottle in the dirt where it belongs. The wind thinking of taking my paper, go right ahead precious paper.
I help myself to my clothes, I grind my teeth!
Dry by the radiant heat. By touch, my thoughts heated and secured me with retrospective correlation to? I am clothed! Worn and staring into the sea, as the waves roll following the line of the horizon in a direction once treaded. My eyes move right and then left to fall, for the night of day, shined!
Stepping forward on cold sand, the sun was down, and so was I. I return to what was left undone; the letter, my message had to be sung. I was upset, yet this was my chance to give a piece of my passive mind back!
Opened mouth speechless to sing, I could only shout my demise. An open mouth for?
You know what bottle, I cant stand you! And your empty ignorance, with your complicated futility by ignorant instruction baffles me! Your plain ugly appeal and you! Oh you will get yours bottle, you will get yours!
And this is what you get; under the heat of my breath I say distraction?
Looking around I see a rock, dull in form, and flat for a perfect place to write. One measly sheet, just one! You are going to be thrown so far ~ I hope 'eye' never see you again!!! 
Land by sea, shore to sea, for you bottle are going far back out, and far away from me!
Paper got a smack on the rock, and I start to write my sung.

~this is what I wrote~?

Happy joy, with the message fueled in spite, and a stiff lip, an overbite. I quickly roll up the papers and cork it!
I grip to hold fast at sea with a throw to watch the spin, and spin, out of sight? I did not hear a splash? Looking onward, retreating forward, I think to myself and assume? I assume? I know its dark, and I am still dreaming, upset? What is this? Is it luck? At that instant I scream Wake up!
My God, I am dead and dreaming, I am going to be late for?
A line moves from my feet to my chest, warming me up by touch. Blinded by light at great heights now, captivated by the strangest feeling I am awake.
My apartment seems busy, yet occupied I cant put a finger on it, the alarm does not go off. I fell asleep on the couch? It has been a while since I have done that, and that it has! Awake by heat, the cold I remember as the darkness had me a prisoner in my dreams. What was it about?
Why can I not remember, yet I feel I have come to some sort of decision, and a realization of what? Wait, I am going to be late for work! My eyes late, and the thoughts are coming into focus, I left work Friday? Its the weekend baby! Woo-hoo!
I got way ahead of myself, falling back onto the couch and hitting my head on the armrest, Ouch! What a week! What a weak! Rubbing the back of my head, and then to the front, and turning my tension off! Circles ~

a ~
	a ~
a ~

Relaxed +

Another deep breath, looking down at my clothes I slept in, something about them? I could not tell you what it was? I have to get out of these jeans, I can hardly breathe they are so tight! Stripping down to comfort, and jumping into the shower. It seemed so different it was revitalizing the feel. I have walked many miles, and worked up a sweat before this one. This was not just any shower!
The water pouring on me with my breathing relaxing me, or is my?
I do something different. I start to roll the temperature cooler, and cooler? My skin looks better with thought.
My mirror is clear! This makes me wonder? What time is it anyways? I grab a towel, and soak the floor with every step; my eyes find a clock. The time was 8:03?
Thinking nothing of it, other than thr3e?







Chapter: 1.1 significance of Jade
	My father, my mother, and I were three. A team we were in the beginning, and a dream we are still together. Divorce set family astray, and I had to choose. The justice system said you cannot be forced either way. At the age of five, custody was in my mothers favor, and in my best interests. No! I wanted my family together! It could not be, and that I did not understand, that I did not. I remember when it was just us three? Repeating myself constantly, I was alone and I needed a friend!
I had no honest answer here. Protected, and comforted for ages, and by age confusing me. Writing was my new found therapy, secret and protected. For protection, for love for our family, and the chance to heal, make things right. My heart no longer confused. Once a heart broken, condition had chance.
I didntt understand the term therapy? I was introduced to counseling, and this I did not understand for even the slightest degree of pain. I found I was repeating myself here, at ask, and repeating the pain in my head, undoing my writing. I tantrum then, and gave myself the right to write even more!
Alone writing close to my sleep, I was an understanding. I was closer to my subconscious mind, and this is where my thoughts, feelings, and emotions would project ~ 
Thus discussion debated conference with no criminal negligence, and no one else but me for safety and security. Thoughts distorted, and knowledge in balance with love! I felt brilliant, and this was special for me, a healing process for my cognitive therapy. Now I did not behave, as I did not react ~
I kept it all in, and this was my outlet~ this was my outlet!
I looked at the world differently at a young age. A perspective of one that should have been coloring, and playing in the sand, I was forced independence. The turmoil of family sided, and the comforting was provided at every angle. I just kept saying I am fine, mommy and daddy, you need the rest! Looking at them my mind raced to catch the point       .
My mother feeling more pain as time moves day by day, week by week and at a forte night she was very weak. I started to be upset with my father, and I could not watch my mother suffer like this. I became mad! It is his fault this happened, this is why?
Or was it me?
My time alone, writing, and writing for solitude and confinement from this forced reality.  Why? Throwing out what upset me, and thinking about what I can do to change this? Bring us together again God; this is not good for anyone! Look at this, and what it has done to my family! This would be miracle, please save me! I believe in my writing I filled in every word, and every thought from every person of? Observer I was, and somebody had to write it down. Don't tell anyone that someone was me! Shhh?
Overactive imagination I thought, however it was like a fire going to burn out, I just kept stoking it without reading anything, or following anyone else or media, I was lateral!
And just a kid exhausting himself, and rolling the big wheels for fresh air, and distraction. There was one day in bed. My mind raced faster than my legs, and I was looking at the world in a different way??? Math class, formulating my mind from conformity, giving me a chance to make the mistakes over and over, I got better!
My father is negative, my mother is positive, and I am upset. My grades reflect my negative attitude, and for me to fix. I cant red pen this, as I would not be allowed, I am too young. My head hurts at times, and I feel I can move water?








Chapter: 1.2 Significance of Jade, Cognitive Lashes
	To break free, I would be, and helping both as I am the rope in the war and without a rope there would be rest. Depression consumes me, as my thoughts race, and I feel this is my fault?
My family in later years, puzzled as I was to move on, and re marry They did, how could I? There was no hope for us, to be three again. There were many mistakes being made from both ends of this battle. This battle for love!
I believe love was lost, and no love lost!
I see the mistake, and this became quite tiresome for me, and I did not like the significant other relieving either side of the battle. The significance was me, and the attention was that for another. I was in the middle, and putting up a wall to defend. Every moment it got worse, brick by brick they got better and I was tired. Then, I was left alone in the battleground alone?
My grades in school were terrible; I felt all the other kids were immature. The textbook was no interest to me, it seemed pointless. I couldnt understand why I felt so terrible, why I was laughed at by immature kids, bugging me, and calling me names. I was different, so I rolled my eyes and I felt better. Mother noticed my grades, and my attitude of becoming thee. Counseling began, and it was all about me. I was not to blame, this was not my fault! I am just different.
How do you like school Jade? The Counselor asks with eyes black and tired.
A rational gaze and I stare through her. These were the words caught School? And I was lunch, this felt like detention. Many words fumbled by the Counselor, but I just seen her lips moving. I couldn't help to think of subtitled ninja movies! This was going nowhere, I made my reply!
School sucks, nothing but grief! Why bother me.
Me thinks, me shrugs, and me squints!
No that is not right Jade, we are here to get you well.
Get me well? I am well!!! Look at me! Whats your problem? The other kids are jerks! Thats not my fault; their jerks.
Now that is no way to talk about your fellow classmates, they are your friends, and just need to understand you!
WHAT!!! This is not right mom, I am leaving!
I slam the door behind me, loud enough to hit them on the way out!
Deep breath, good grief!
I get to the car, and sit inside while seconds seem like minutes, minutes like seconds. Going into that phase again! Oh my god, is this going take all day?
Slamming my hands down on the dash, what else could I do; I am just a kid right? Almost an hour goes by, and my mother returns with papers in her hands; why would I ask?
One week later, and I have another appointment. This evil woman is much nicer to me, and asking me about how I am feeling, and what she can do to help. I remember these questions. It was good and evil, and good to be asked, what can I do to help? So puzzled at that moment, it was almost as if I never knew? Asking me if I was special, I tell her I am with a big smile. She asks me if I hear voices, and I tell her in a strange way, I do at times. The look in her eyes, upon her expression and mine was unsure.
To hear your own thoughts, that is ok right! I say with panic from a residual sweat.
The woman moved her attention to my mother, and asked her about my past. My mother mentions Since the divorce, Jade has sheltered herself in her room. Jade is depressed, and her grades are slipping in school. She, does not want to help with chores, and does not get along with other kids.
As I look around the room, I know I am in a clinic. I see certificates Psychotherapy!
What!!! What the hell is this?
Miss spelling the words in my head, it didnt matter I am not a psycho! Looking downward at the ground my head filling with tension, and my eyes swimming in fear, I was scared.  The aquariums and I were going to break!



Chapter: 1.3 Significance of Jade, Psychosis
	This is not right! I don't deserve this period. 'You are not giving up on me. You are not giving up on me! I am not going in a home with something unethical, theoretical hypothetical, and with Mephistopheles, No!'
I am hearing things?
Dripping with sweat, my eyes break to join my frustrations, and my emotions cannot be hidden, cannot be hidden! I break down and loose it, screaming doesnt let her take me!
My aquarium breaks with a splash, with salted tears rubbing my eyes red, I was surely not going to make it. One more try I say?
I never had the chance to explain, explain what I meant! How I feel! Give me that chance! I will do my schoolwork, I will clean my room, and I will have friends! I want friends!!!
Mom! There is this girl at school I never told you about, yes mom! I have to tell you about her, 'I am so happy!' Please let me explain!
Dr. Baller looks at me and says there is nothing to worry about Jade; I am just here to make sure you get the best help possible. 'I am not a monster, just a friend here to help you.'  There is no need for you to fight this battle alone, I want to help. I understand you, and you have gone through allot for a girl your age. Give me that chance. 'Jade this is your choice for help!'
Looking at the Doctor, I received a smile when speaks the words to me, help? Contagious it was, I smiled back. It felt good to breathe a safe breath again, did I trust?
I will see you next week. 'You're going to have a great week at school, I promise you that Jade!'
Chapter: 1.4 the Significance of me, and buying Cheap Conditioner
A few days go by, and I put in my best effort at school. My duties were at home? Well, things seem happier, not my best just better. My mother seems happy to see me happy, and I am happy to see her happy. My father is busy at work and not in the picture now. I stay here with my mom, and my new gold fish Goldie!
I started to write allot of poetry from this moment on. Goldie made me happy, and so did my writing. Occupied and clear like Goldie's water. I stare into the aquarium, for inspiration, and it was like a new world for me. A new life to share, a life for me to look after to write with a clear mind, and not a frustration from here on; I sleep.
I didnt sleep well that night, tossing and turning for a race to? Over a period of time, I counted sheep, and the sheep didn't always make the jump over the fence. Why you ask? Well, it seems after a while my sheep were getting bored with the same old fence. I built an obstacle course for them now! Then, the sheep weren't making the jump. I thought of larger sheep and dreamed of lama's. The following night they didn't make it either. The next, was a pitfall with a white picket fence, ten feet of water by swimming gators, and I was thrilled with my imagination. Still not much sleep. The following day, I went into the shed and put an old noisy fan in the room to listen to. I focused on the sound of the fan, and for this I got an ok night sleep. No longer screams from the lama's, and no longer a late night snack for the gators. My pills made me get up in the night, to eat. I thought of my starving gators, and I try and distract my thoughts from the lamas getting mutilated here. Although some of them made it, and I ended up calculating the ones left behind, encouraging them to make it. I couldn't sleep like this; this was brutal managing my thoughts, or my herd I thought.
My mind of frustrations, complications, and what was the point of doing calculations, I thought and thought! Calculating my youth, or calculating infinite regression? There was a progression to what repression to a concession stand of pills? I almost forgot to tell you, I got older and my poetry got better!
Distracting my thoughts, I decided to wake, write them down!
My mind sees me, and I see my mind in need. Craving the moment of time, it is time to move on already. Damaging my days by date, I was attracted to everyone else but myself!
How could I be ready, when I feel I lost? An image seen of me was not understood. I was seen as beautiful, and stressed. To see beautiful I could not, I only saw stress.
My mind mapped an image of how I felt this was my look!
How does this make sense? The intuition of nonsense, the distortion of todays tomorrow. The past, and for the weight of future on my shoulders! Teetered and doomed!?

Or am I???
I am






































bipolar

















Soul




Working fulltime, this dream of mine has me hunger for more! Mindless eating, distracting mind it was. My thoughts are directed again to the clock. I calm, and wipe my face. Racing thoughts, racing breakfast! The passing of the hand upon thee; was 3? It felt like such a weight, such a? Dropping the needle was too heavy for me to watch!
I start to write, and I wonder? Do people think/assume or feel I am confusing myself here. Well I write in ink because I say what I mean, and I mean what I feel I think!? So here gos, I jump around, people tell me! This kind of pisses me off when people say this! So I start painting a picture with words, and I cant help it if I have a photographic memory. I worked for this; the brain is a muscle, I didn't want to hit the gym every day, every night, this was my illness. Nothings perfect, I thought by headaches. 
Halfway through my story, and always a story from a few words I get interrupted. Interruption happens with the ones who know me, just those ones. However, I understand now! The first picture I painted, there was patience for and so I framed it. I had hands out with a smile to give, this gift. Friends I had, until I had pictures painted in everyones mind incomplete, and not framed. I believe they had too many pictures of me, pictures of the way I seen them, beautiful! If I was down, my picture would be, and if I was up my picture would be? If I were down, and needed to be up then my picture would be? 
I can't stop these tears, they bleed inside me!
Sincerely and conformed to! 	
-Jade xoxoxoxo


I have to force myself to remember this dream of mine, 
and I have to. 

Thinking deeper, and looking deeper staring across the room, through a fade of paint on that wall. I am fueled by delicious, my vision getting distorted time changes, and everything seems so clear. I see myself swimming deep for the black sands of the ocean, and upon that floor a reflection of? 
I have been here before, I am sure! 
My thoughts connected to a swim in a tear of emotion, and in
 The sea of me and with a find at the bottom of the?
What was it? 
The apparition of psychosis, the imagination of mindset I was confused, and I will admit that. What did you expect another picture framed, and uneasy. Get the point         . 
Going back to the cupboard without a doubt, I was moving forward. A doubt I was racing, and moving cautiously. Looking down at my hands again, and bringing them into focus close to my face; I had stress, and that is real. That is real!
I am Jade, and for I am thee and that is life!
Turning hands slowly in front of my eyes, with not a need to catch a tear, more observant I was, and this fuzz. I could have put my head down when my hands got heavy, I did not! Throwing them up into the air, without a care and without a fear, I shout! 
This is bullshit, and today is a day for me.
I walk towards the bathroom with my complexion in mind, and my mind on my complexion. Damn it Jade, you know your pimples are going to get bigger, stop it!
My distortions of going out today and my distortions always distortions! I want to have a day, and a splendid one. Possibly ruined? I will have to see, wont eye? The air leaving my lungs and my flush fades. I feel I will be ok this time. This time is owed to me mirror! 
I wont have your face of stress that will jeopardize by socialize my day, again. You got that!!! 
Looking down and then up to mirror, ever so slowly. I step on the tile below for good measure, inline and in tune for a pretty face. I see an image, and a reflection of me. My eyes come into a view. Looking deep for the void by pore, I yell Stop it Jade!
Stop hurting yourself! 
My breath draws my head down for defeat, under breaths me to start my day sick? 
My past, a stress of day and walls open in pores. Over cleansing, over thinking, and overdoing myself in every morning was the torment of my day, the start of anyways? Consider the rest? 
I tune out, and I feel someone was looking back at me. Someone beautiful all of a sudden, distracting my past, I correct my view. Look back at myself in far worse shape than I feel, and fix the mistake. I wanted to be? My sight consumed thought, and my feeling started my emotions to halt. I feel different? 
Ice picks catching my tears, and puddle. I step away, and relax ~ to jump in the shower, and cleanse vigorously upset, with a ruff sponge to remove my years of pain, and suffering.  This is my story, and I accepted change this!
Am I having dj vu?
Turning off the water quickly I see a towel on the floor, from what? Ha-ha! Picking up the towel laughing at what was done, wait I just said that? Showering twice this morning, and bursting out laughing for showering twice morning. There it is again! But now the thought puzzled me? I trace my steps tile by tile and still wet. 
Not aroused, I said wet! 
A, ha, ha, ha, la, la, la! Red like tomato soup! Ok fine, I am ok with that my complexion is even. Extra clean, fresh, and without a deep pore on my face. Doesnt mean I have to dig myself another hole here! Wheres my make up, I have to get out of here. Thank God for HD TV! 
I ramble, ramble, and ramble on with a move on! Picking up the towel with my toes, and I give myself a quick dry, and gross! I had to smell it. The towel picked off the floor? 
Gross! 'Swampy!'  
From the depth, sea to shore I found a swamp, and a towel nearby. For I named the beast Swamp Vegan! No time for the mess, you can look after the place!   
Stepping away from the mirror as usual steam covered and heated. No reflection, and not to worry, not even makeup this time it was different. The mirror looked fine, and so did I, masked. I wasnt rushed, I was dead beat tired, and I was ok with that!  
Leaping into the bedroom to be clothed to find something to wear? Now what to wear? Maybe just have to air dry, wake up high, and I love to dance! I move to the beat and in tune better than most others. This is not allowed, ha! I am having so much fun with this; screw you if you cant get high for free! Screw you; conformed to serotonin levels, dopamine levels the what? I blocked the my mistake dopasphere
Picking the outfit was silly yet the funniest part; obviously couldnt help but recall the laughter when I got that floral dress, mother! This is going to be hilarious! You lied, you wore it!? I swear my head is worse than peer pressure. Well this would be the correction, this would be fixing the mistake, and that is how it works! 
No it doesnt work, find something else!
Oh snap, Whiskey! I left food out for you, and where the heck are you? Where the hell are you! Oh sweet thing, there you are. Awe so cute 'my little lactose!' I know you want milk in your dish, you know thats not good for you, and I want the best for my little lactose. Its a hard life for you sweetheart; my domestic and rambunctious cat! You catch up on your rest, and are careful. Remember whose dish that is! I bought that one for you, and not for Swamp Vegan! 

Bye Whiskey, Mommy loves you!!!





Chapter: Celebrity Status
Forgetting about a complexion that has shown itself off with a plethora of insight, from Monday to Friday of the last week's work schedule, and therefore. Therefore buahahahaha!
I put some cover up on my thoughts and just went out. I can't go out like this Yes I can, stop thinking! Look at this dress, can I get a hell yes for distraction & thank you!
All I need is fresh air that is all I need. I have to get out of here, and breathe the cool summer air meeting the hot summer rays, and the sand? Snap, that's it, the beach it is. I have to get beached! 
Not worrying about a thing I went floral, and feet were thinking sand and went light. The stranglehold from jeans I slept in last night compromised with my feet, and either way I look great with distractions! 
Left my apartment, and down the hall not getting very far. I run back to my apartment to check, and see if the door was locked? I unlock the door to check the mirror; Jade doesnt do it! With an unorthodox trust to my empty stomach and my gut feeling I run down the hall laughing directional. Smiling was free, I was zonal. There was somewhere I had to be, and that was free from the cold walls, free from the conformed never changing box without light!
Today was a good day, and it just started! I stop, look up and say the sun smiles with you, and that's a fact!
The rays from sun, for the cold summer breeze from the heat of day, had me taken. The Spirit had me on my way, and today was a good day! 
From the swing of a pleasant door; I step to the sidewalk with traffic in view, and a rush of blood to the head I exhaled. Thinking there was a shortcut, however with fresh air I could have just enjoyed my walk, but there was somewhere I had to be. Unsure, yet driven accelerated to, I couldn't wait for a light, I was on foot. I got two, and it takes two, as for taxis, not a chance. A misdirected fare to start my day, no way! I welcomed change. 
Moving right, I weave by the influence of many in a rush, and I am forced to slow down. So many, were moving much faster? I take my time to step aside, and get to a safer place.  Looking right to the ones passing, looking left to the ones that got away. Automobiles hesitant by the gas the pedal, the traffic locked, and the horns couldnt stop. Passers triggered cars, and cars triggered the stop of passers, the alarms went off for caution. The whole situation was a web of paranoia! The women held the purse tight, and the men would check there back pockets to see if they still had their wallets. Others would pass and wonder if something was wrong when they see me? 
Stepping not walking, with a toe kick and a step in front of an oncoming crowd, and step out again before I get hurt. I stop to think, and then cut a path through curbing my enthusiasm, and standing upon it swaying my hips forward. My dress flips up over my head from a gust of wind tunneling, and at that very moment my green panties worn that day were seen. Feeling sideways, and correcting my posture, I believe. How could it get any worse? 
I put down my dress and continue. Over the curb, onto the street against the cars that have gas pedals. They forget about the brakes, and my break for peace? Oh *$#(@*&%#^&^$&&, I had to run for it!  
I pointed at the bus, and he smiled giving me the ok to move on safely, with no need for road kill. 
Confusing I know it looked like this
---------------- ------------------------
 -  - - -bus-            -        -    
    -       -   +                      
-	  -                               -  !
---------------- -----------------------
The light gos green I look forward at the curb at the other side. The engines roaring with the people upset about gas prices, the pedal hits the floor making me jump, and this I cannot contest. I run for faster from my break with the bus, I still had to get to the other side of this street. 
Running across for safety, I lose my shoe and forced to yell @U
*^ %&#&^%*( &%&% (*&@ (*&$*, give me a minute damn you!
My shoe stuck on the street with cars, trucks, side puddle scooters, and my shoe! My shoe! 
Running back to the street for my sandal, correcting myself and not taking this! I owned me; luckily I had enough time. Oncoming traffic, fueled by price had me scared! Was it luck, or just mine? I yell stop! Stop you fools, stop! Holding my ground, I tighten my hips, and stand tall with an arm that swung out, showing life! I put my sandal on in my time, with a little help of course, seems the wind picked up again, and I walked slow showing off my best assets. Bipolar kicked in and I blew a kiss, took a bow with a small lift, and a cross of stems. The little fat boy with a face squished to the window from the backseat of a car passing, got my wink, and I am sure to be remembered.
Turning to walk uptown, while facing the oncoming pedestrians staring through me like something was wrong. 
Meanwhile
I couldn't help going beat red with blush, luckily I had my purse, and I didn't need much. A wink and a tweak of smile had me on my way. Even a raise without work, finely groomed eyebrows had me moving to bigger places. I didn't need to get ready for this. I was, and for good measure ready to move on. 
Way downtown, and skipping to the beat I say to myself, there must be a way! If I go through the mall, past the rats, I will find my way to the peace I seek at last. It will be difficult, distracting to focus without selling myself short. I have what I need. I continue to enjoy my day. First things first I have to get through the mall.  
My spirit is with me, I feel as I should. I am blessed with my hair a mess, and no worry. The rest, are they concerned? Neither am I. I look fine, I feel fine to be, and see without a stare or face that is not mine, sublime!
I skip, and save the grace for my feet. I smile at ones wondering, and I let them wonder. I had to make it to the other end of this tunnel, as I seen the light. Not far and insight, I have to make it, I had too! 
I was to enjoy even the roughest times, lucky, and unlucky I still had a chance. Time to me was to fix mistakes, and that is how it worked! That is too bad; I had to learn the hard way. The solution was for me, and the resolution was resolved to strengthen. 
A prowess delight with my butterfly feet touching freedom for self-respect, and with peace I move on without mistake, I just walked. Smiles in view, and different with every style of conformity, there was something new and to be had. Confusion formed from the heart, and these had my interest, and contagious we share the vault to smile. Many active shoppers, many eyes from kiosks to reel you in for a catch and release, or was it catch? I pass the grocery and under the hush I say, who on earth buy's groceries at the mall anyways? 
Unable to resist a good laugh, I have no idea what I am laughing at. Humble I find my most gratifying interest. I am not alone, seen with mistake or sure win. I respected my thoughts coming this way, I relax! I cannot say, this is me entirely however, I see this is how my relations stay with me, and my frustrations leave me alone. It would not take speak, or a look from expression; Image was health respected! 
Suddenly, and again; my face flushes red, my tongue wets the pipes silent. Silence! I think out loud, and have the actions of too much. My lips end a frontward twist to kiss, a stranger, in the distance? Jade, could you embarrass yourself more? I exhale the heat from my body, and swallow the melt in my mouth. My bosom lifted my heart, and my button from my dress nearly popped. Turning around late, I felt he turned around already? 
Onward walking and at a slower pace, the shoulders less confident with feet slowing for chance. I missed my chance, as did he? My sigh of usual had me beat, and the red rose that could have been mine, was now white as my face paled. 
Tightened lips with a twist to the right, and with eyebrows that squish my face thin, when I suck in my cheeks! Oh my god, what about fat boy! I almost forgot. Oh, he will have his chance one day and perhaps with me? Years from now, I may be looking for younger. His father complaining he couldnt see out of the back window will help him remember. 
Oh fat boy! 
Soon to be out of the mall, without a rat, crab at that, no longer stare, or to stop and chat.  Forward in motion, and not a change in direction, I look to the right. I see the movie theater, and a title that jumped out at me. This wasn't 3D; this was written the book of me! I would have to say, I am stuck in a choose your adventure. Paying less attention, I wasn't going to spend for that title, I kept on.

The page turns in the book, leaving the last in the dark.


I step out of side of the mall, and found my way out! I was onto the sidewalk out front, and walking away without notice, of oncoming? My thoughts were in motion, motionless in moving the thought from the title on the sign seen, theater. Black lettering, white background had me thinking black or white, and thinking of change? I thought the film was displaced, and I preferred color on this day.
Growing older with answers my legs are getting tired. The sky is getting brighter above, and the thought of a movie titled, Majestic had me think. I focus on my surroundings at the moment, and I turn around just outside from the mall entrance, to see?
Life seemed to be displaced with new signs, different looks, and price tags forcing my eyes to read. My eyes focus on a man walking by, and the tag on his shirt was still there, in price! The signs from the mall were different, and moving at a rate I wasn't adjusted too. The store signs were alive? With a quick turnaround from fear, I notice within my turn, everything has changed. My legs give out, and I drop to the ground with my head down.
Am I losing my mind? 
Looking up slowly, my eyes follow a grid of information, highway! I thought I am not high?
Why is this happening to me? Why!
Puzzled blank, I seen the difference! 
Is this Bipolar? Did my brain misfire, or is this for real?
Looking down at my legs in these shoes, and the old dress that was given to me by my mother, I remembered that. I remember! 
I was older in look, my eyes see new in mind, and it confused me? 
I have to stop calling myself that, Bipolar.
Eyes tire, legs to hips with my shoulders swinging my arms in fall to my back from my knees. I hold my life short to side, and curl in fear. I have to get through this! This is not psychosis, and I can explain this if you let me! 
I said a prayer, not one I knew to say, and not one of this tongues. The words came to me and said, God, please help me for I am not to fear, and you are my protector. You have always been near with times of, and for these times you gave me peace. Let me see the sands I seek.
To look down at the waist line, forward with a stare. I turn my head, lost from a cry of emotion to put my hands together at my chest. Thankful for the gift with open hands for there was a seed?
 My right thumb companion, rolled the seed upon my palm, and I seed my thoughts with life. A touch and heart had me close my eyes to believe, I lay down to rest. Sinking deeper, and deeper, I got heavier and heavier. I awoke.
The heat overwhelmed me, was I asleep, or consciously eyeing an illusion. My eyes focus, and I get hit with a splash. The tide of time had equal balance. No worry, with no image distracting my view, I was at the sea. I believe I handled it well, and this chooses your adventure certainly by me, and for me what is this? 
A bottle washes up against my right side? 
Was this a message from God? 
I don't hesitate to pick up the bottle. I have never seen a bottle wash up on shore like this.  My skin shows great signs of aging, looking at this bottle in my hands. It was not a matter, but I knew I was an older woman. I could see something was inside, and I was curious to unravel the message after I uncorked it easily. It seems there was more than one, and there was three. 
With the messages in hand, I try to read the first, and that I could not. It seemed anxious, with pencil points left upon the paper, frustrated? I turned to my purse and took out my reading glasses. Focusing on the writing again, realizing it was mine. 
Anxious I became from the first letter, however saddened it made me feel, mine! I put the letter face down in the sand, and the wind took it away.  
The second letter said? 
 I focused on one word, and everything else went blank. Those words were
                                                       


						++++++++++++
					Balance
		- - - - - - - - - 
Written in the center of the sheet, with a careful hand, this was my freehand. Folding the paper in thre3 was to not to mess the writing for a look down at the third sheet. I put balance in my purse, with my glasses. 
The third sheet said 









lov3





















Chapter: The Beginning 

Emotion by wake up, and I am lying on the ground with a look up, I see someone tapping my arm. 

Lady are you alright, are you alright?

Yes I am fine, that is Pinchy my imaginary Lobster! 

Lady are you sure you're alright?

Pinchy, stop it! I told you dinner will be ready soon! 
Brushing off my floral dress, and changing the mans face from concern to relief. I smiled, and it was love at first sight. Not for me, now? I was good to be alive, and I fell unconscious crossing this street. I have fallen before, and without reason, I still wonder why? 
It was good to be alive. It is better to be me, I am Jade! 
From the moment of these words, I feel something was in hand. Careful for what was there. I felt my heart warm, opening my eyes to beauty like I've never seen, or imagined before. My love was for this, and this was my life. 

Before my hands in palms wet,

Was a seed that had me breathe?

It started to

 






More titles to come
stay tuned
*~*~*

http://www.facesofmania.com
admin@facesofmania.com
















