Last Flight For Craggy
Gary Weston

Last Flight For Craggy  2013 Gary Weston
All rights reserved

License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. The ebook contained herein constitutes a copyrighted work and may not be reproduced, transmitted, down-loaded, or stored in or introduced into an information storage and retrieval system in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical, now known or hereinafter invented, without the express written permission of the copyright owner, except in the case of brief quotation embodied in critical articles and reviews.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 

 The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer's imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales or organizations is entirely coincidental.


Chapter 1

The year was 2095 and the old freighter was on its last Moon Mars run. The umbrella shaped heat shield took the brunt of the landing, protecting the freighter and attached cargo pod train from damage as it entered the Martian atmosphere. In order to slow the ship down, Freighter Captain Dixon Cragg deliberately angled the ship at forty degrees so that it was plunging belly first, creating the drag which also created the friction that generated heat to cause the outside temperature to rise to 1650 degrees Celsius.
The forty degree angle, blunt end entry produced a shock-wave that held the heat away from the body of the ship. A single orbit would have the ship low enough to glide on low power, using only the thrusters to manoeuvre and change direction to finally land.
The heat shield folded down to cover the nose of the freighter, and the ship could orbit the Red Planet safely. Fawn Dillow, the rookie pilot, was strangely calm for her maiden flight and her first landing on Mars. The old pilot by her side working the controls only appeared calm, and he covered his anxiety by pointing out some of the obvious landmarks. 
'Olympus Mons. Awesome, ain't she, Dillow?'
'Craggy. I noticed. Kinda hard to miss.'
Dixon Cragg circled the twenty seven kilometre tall mountain anyway. It was over three times the height of Everest. A rookie like Fawn Dillow might not be impressed by the sight, her first sight damn it, of the highest mountain in the solar system, but it blew him away each time he saw it. 'I must be getting old.'
'What do you mean, getting?'
Cragg didn't bite. 'The controls are all yours. Go low and slow for a complete orbit, one tenth power. Then set her down. They know we are here, but it's traditional to request clearance to land.'
Dillow took the controls and the slow orbit gave Cragg time to reflect on things.
Cragg didn't think of himself as old. Eighty four wasn't old these days, when one hundred and fifty Earth years was the normal life expectancy. But he had one of those interesting faces, with deep laughter lines around his grey eyes, and when he laughed, which was often, especially at his own jokes, his face became a roadmap of his life, so that anyone who knew him called him Craggy.
Not a big man, having to stretch himself to make average height, he was lightly built and never quite seemed to fill his spacesuit. Fawn Dillow was actually significantly taller than Cragg. Fifty years younger than him at thirty four, her face was unlikely to gather many lines from laughing; perhaps on her forehead from occasionally frowning. Cragg had done his best on the long journey to make her crack a smile, but he saw little humour in her deep blue eyes. Pretty enough, he thought, but where was her sense of fun?
Cragg blamed the training. Their agenda these days, was to pump the rookies full of confidence. Shrinking violets had no place on the Mars run. Too many variables and imponderables. Things that could and often did go wrong. That's why more females than males made it through the selection process and even most of those had fallen by the wayside in recent years. 
It had left a concerning shortage of rookies to hone into fully-fledged pilots. Cragg still suspected there was a bias towards females, because they were thought to be tougher than men. They also had that multi-tasking thing. Probably even the baby thing.  
Oh, sure. Nobody officially admitted that. Ooh! That would be illegal. Discrimination. Not allowed in twenty ninety five. Nor the previous century and a half. And sure, the odd, very odd, token male made it through the selection process. When he was a lad, many years ago, things hadn't been positively skewed in favour of one gender or another. And that was a good thing. As a young buck, he liked the ladies. Heck. As an old timer he still did when he got the chance.
Old timer? Shit. He was only eighty four. Barely middle aged. And yet those shit for brains bean crunchers insisted he took early retirement. Technology was changing and as the last of the old timers it was time for him to move over for the handful of rookies to grow as pilots. It was a time of transition and he was expected to play his part.
Six years off the mandatory retirement age of ninety, and they were putting him out to grass, whatever grass was. Nobody had seen grass since the hydrogen wars of 2077. He was told to take rookie Fawn Dillow on her maiden flight and assess her so she could get her tickets, then he could come home and retire on full benefits. She would have the same rank has him, Freighter Captain, first class.
Well. That said it all, didn't it? Bulldoze through third and second class, straight up to first class, after six months training. General education started off at four years old. The two thousand Moon inhabitants were allowed only one child per couple to have sustainable resources. Between the age of three and four, preschoolers were scientifically assessed to determine their strengths and natural ability. By the time they were sixteen, they were already specialising into their different roles. They were generally happy students, because they were learning to their strengths.
All had a basic education of mathematics, the common language English, Earth and Moon history, and the sciences. Mechanical ability was specifically channelled, as were the infrastructure workers such as miners, builders, geologists. Only a handful were identified as potential pilots, freighter captains. From that handful, some were further channelled towards ancillary employment that required an understanding of space sciences, such as pod and ship loaders, maintenance technicians, and designers who would be actually making the ships.
Fawn Dillow was an exception. She had worked in ship assembly, but an urge to fly amongst the stars became an obsession. She persuaded the education commander to give her a chance. After much deliberation, it was decided she could train up in her own time, providing she continued her daytime work. She did this and her dedication impressed the lecturers. So much, she was allowed to be a full time student for her final six months. 
Her commitment paid off to not only becoming top of her small specialist class, but to be fast tracked to become freighter captain first class. All she was required to do was to be assessed by an experienced freighter captain and they didn't come any more experienced than Dixon Cragg.
But shit. The freighters flew themselves these days, right? Computers? Captains only along for the ride? 
So, in the end, he'd agreed to take her in his old ship, due to be decommissioned and stripped for spares. Thumb a ride with Dillow, assess her performance, retire, end of. Three months later, they had made their way from Moon to Mars, and here they were, circling Olympus Mons, and he was seriously thinking retiring would be a good idea.
Moon Commander Anton Forbes hadn't beaten about the bush with Cragg. It was no reflection on the veteran freighter pilot that he was to be retired early. He had served Moon admirably for many years, but technology was changing and they needed bright young things who could run with it. It was time to help bring on the upcoming rookies who grew up with and embraced the new ways and for him and his old ship to step aside. 
Cragg's protestations were waved aside and Forbes had said nothing about what the old pilot would be doing once he'd finally retired. Just some vague indication that something would turn up. After many decades of useful employment, to be suddenly faced with so much uncertainty at his time of life did not sit well with Cragg. 
That dark day of being cast aside like some worn out space boot, came ever nearer. Cragg pushed his depressing thoughts to some dark recess of his mind and he concentrated on the landing.
'Get ready to set her down, Dillow. You need a good safe landing as part of your assessment. Kill me and I just might fail you, so make it a good one.'
Landings and take off's were still always the human bits. The boring space bit was left to the computers and even Cragg had little objection to that. 
Dillow officially announced their arrival. 'Fawn Dillow requesting clearance to land, please.'
'Clearance granted, Dillow,' came back the reply.
Dillow twiddled knobs, flicked switches, pressed buttons. They were old style controls from a bygone age. Only an old time pilot like Cragg would have any real affinity with such things. 
The cargo pods attached between and above the twin plasma engine thrusters at the rear of the freighter, had to be lined up perfectly on the two hundred metre long cradle, the ship itself to rest on a concrete pad at the end of that cradle. The landing thrusters kicked in, swivelled, blasted red iron oxide sand into the thin Martian atmosphere, and the ship settled without the slightest bump. 
'All systems disengaged,' said Dillow.
The radio crackled. It was the top man himself, Mars Commander Tagg Potts.
'Craggy. How are you, you old fart?'
'Still younger than you, Pottsy. Mind if we get off this old rust bucket?'
'Depends. You got my booze? Say yes, or you can go back and fetch it.'
'Hey. Keep your bloody voice down, will ya? I want to retire, not get fried for hooch running.'
'Relax. There's a solar storm. They ain't getting any signals on Moon. Misty's got the wagon outside. Said something about greeting you in person.' With a chuckle he added, 'Can't think why. I'll see you in Base Three later. C'mon out.'
Cragg felt Dillow's stare, rather than saw it. 'What?'
'Are you kidding me? You threaten my career by running hooch on my ride?'
Cragg picked up his helmet and locked it in place, regulating the air flow. 'My damn ride, remember? This is my command. You're here just to get your damn tickets.'
'Yeah, but...'
'But nothing. Make yourself useful for a change. Grab a few cases. Try giving smiling a go and make a few friends on Mars.'
An unhappy Dillow followed him to a storage locker. Cragg keyed in a code and the door hissed open. The locker was crammed full of cases.
'Shit!' said Dillow. She had heard of conc, and the skull and crossbones label was a dead giveaway. 'Concentrate? You brought them conc?'
'Of course bloody conc. Not much point bringing anything else. And yes. I know it's a bit naughty...'
'Naughty? Try death penalty.'
Craggy grinned. 'Not on Mars and only if they catch me on Moon. Now grab a couple of cases, will you?' Dillow didn't move. 'Please yourself. It'll soon get it unloaded without you. But take the word of an old hand. You either live by the bloody rule books, or you join the rest of the human race instead. We're a long way from home. This would be a good time to decide.'
Dillow, just stood and stared at him, as if he was something unpleasant stuck on her boot. Cragg sighed, picked up three cases and made his way to the airlock. He was about to nudge the inner airlock door control with his elbow, when she joined him, two cases in her arms.
'Smart girl.' The door hissed open and they both stepped into the airlock. The inner door closed and the outer door opened. A suited woman called Misty Rivers was waiting by the ramp. 'Hi, Misty. Long time no see.'
'Hi, you old goat. Got the good stuff, I see.'
'Only the best for my favourite girl. This is Fawn Dillow.'
'Piss off. Not a relation of Armour Dillow?'
'If by that,' said Dillow, 'you mean Space Security Commander Lance Dillow, I'm his daughter.'
Misty laughed. 'I should take a picture of you carrying conc hooch for his records. Come on. Let's go have a feed.'
Cragg and Dillow followed Misty down the ramp to the eight-wheeled buggy, putting the hooch on the back seat. The monster pod lifter was waiting to unload the freight pods off the cradle. High up in the lifter's cab, the operator could just be made out. 'Scotty. That you?'
'Hi, Craggy. All the pod locks off?'
'You got green lights?'
'Nope.'
'Then the locks are on. When do you want to unload?'
'The pod carrier is delayed at the mine,' said Scotty. 'We'll be moving these pods tomorrow.'
'We'll come back and work with you tomorrow, then.'
 Leaving Scotty to organise the unloading of the four pods for the following day, Cragg got in the front seat of the buggy, and sat next to Misty. It was a short drive through the red oxide sand to Base Three. Misty worked the airlock doors with the control panel and entered the base. She parked up and they took off their helmets. Cragg grabbed Misty and planted a kiss on her lips.
'Gross,' said Dillow.
'Ignore her,' said Cragg. 'Her generation seems to think anybody older than eighty shouldn't have a love life.'
'Hey,' said Misty. 'Who are you calling eighty? I'm seventy three, if you must know.'
'Sweetheart. I know you're seventy three. You've been telling me that for the last ten years. Any chance of a feed and a beer?'
'Beer?' said Dillow.
'The Martian equivalent. An acquired taste,' said Misty. 'She's a bit up herself, Craggy.'
'Tell me about it. Try months of being stuck in a can with her. Forget the bloody beer. I need a serious drink.'
 A big voice from a big man burst out. 'Hey. Craggy. I thought there was a bad smell in here.'
'Frosty. Try cleaning your teeth. It might go away.'
The big black man hugged Cragg, lifting him off the ground. Cragg said, 'Tell me you have my cigars or I'll kiss you.'
'The very best for you, Craggy. We had a bumper crop.'
'Good. I have customers on Moon lining up for them.'
Dillow shuddered. 'Cigars? Don't you realise that's another death penalty offence.'
Cragg laughed. 'It is? Then it's a good job they can only kill me once.'
Dillow looked anything but amused. 'Do I really have to remind you that the growing of any plant for anything other than food is strictly prohibited?' 
Cragg and Frosty shared a look. Cragg said, 'Spoken like a true daughter of the security commander. So what's wrong with cigars? They're made from vitamin T. Tobacco.'
Frosty laughed. 'Craggy. How long have you been sober?'
'Three very long months. It got so bad at one stage, I was tempted to drink the conc. If I don't get shit-faced tonight, I'm going home.'
'I think we can manage that. This way, my friend.'
As the two men walked off, Misty had a word with Dillow. 'A friendly word of advice. Pull your head in, sister. People might actually like you, if you do.'
'I will. So it's true. What happens on Mars, stays on Mars.'
Misty grinned. 'Hang on to that. It'll make for a pleasant stay. Come and get a decent feed.'


Chapter 2

The Mars Base Three was a fully contained ecosystem. One thousand metres by five hundred metres, one hundred metres in height at the highest centre point. One half was generally referred to as the jungle, where lush green foliage, trees and flowers provided the oxygen and much of the fruit, not to mention tobacco for home consumption and black market trading with Moon. 
Biodegradable waste was recycled and composted, worms brought in a decade earlier from Mother Earth, aerated it and the compost fed the jungle. A wallowing pool was surrounded by trees, for recreational use. There was accommodation for up to seven hundred and ninety men and women.  
Water from deep bore wells entered Base Two, the water treatment plant, to be filtered and sanitised. It took a lot of effort to run the deep drawn water through the massive banks of neutralisers and filters. The hydroponic garden and fish farm were also in Base Two. All power to run the colony came from solar panels, and a half million litre storage tank of water was always kept in reserve. 
Base One was for vehicles and heavy duty equipment storage and maintenance. Air for Bases One and Two was piped in from Base Three. It was a small settlement of hard working people, the pioneers of colonisation of the planet, intended to be the saviour of the human race when the blue planet finally died.
On one wall of the Base Three communal dining room was a slide show of changing images of people showing a fresh one every ten minutes. Frost had been called away on work duties so Cragg was spending time getting up to date with them. Mars Base Commander Tagg Potts had finally made an appearance and he hadn't wasted a minute sampling the alcohol, conc diluted by one hundred to one, to give the desired forty proof strength. He passed out drinks on the rocks to Cragg, Misty Rivers and Fawn Dillow. 
Dillow was naturally shocked that the Mars Commander, the man in charge of the planet, was casually drinking booze, one of the most serious offences on Moon that at least would get him a prison sentence, or possibly even the death penalty. That she couldn't recall a time that had actually happened was a testimony to strict laws which worked. Revelations of an underground black market in all things illegal shook the very foundations of her sheltered life.
Potts had an American heritage. His family was from a place once known as New York. The hydrogen wars had left it a desolate and empty reminder of how humans had once been masters of their environment, the crumbling towers wrecked and filling what had been busy, vibrant city streets. 
Too many dead had been left by the survivors to crumble like the buildings, not even scavengers around to help clear up the remains. Time and the elements had eventually done the job and their dust had combined with the city dust, fittingly becoming one with it. Any sadness and bitterness Potts felt were buried deep and he had dedicated himself tirelessly to creating a safe place to live.       
'Save some booze for Frosty when he clocks off,' said Cragg.
'I'm sure we won't drink it all tonight,' said Potts. 'Fawn. You don't have to drink it, if you don't want to.' 
Dillow sniffed it, then cautiously sipped it. 'Jeez. That would strip paint.'
Potts laughed. 'Just never accidentally drink the conc. Not unless you're tired of living. That's why there are skull and crossbones on the labels. How's yours, Craggy?'
'Hitting the spot, Pottsy. Who is this guy?' he asked, nodding at an unfamiliar face on the slide show.
'Ah. Joe Dogg, One of the foremen on the mining gang. Died in an accident four months ago.'
'Mine collapse?'
'Not this time. A hydraulic hose burst under pressure. It whipped back and smashed his visor. Not a nice way to go on this planet. Remember this guy? Andrew Foreman, the GenMop man?'* 
'Him?'
'That's the one.'
'He died?'
'No. This is just to make sure he's not forgotten here.'
'He's only a couple of years older than I am,' said Cragg. 'I wonder what he's up to these days?'
'The last I heard he's on Earth still looking after genetically modified primates, the GenMops and other animals, what few are left. He still has Monkly the GenMop's offspring with him. Hardly any of the wildlife primates survived the wars, but the GenMop's in the laboratories survived, and such rare creatures are sources of wonder. He does okay, I heard. There's talk of him paying a visit here one day.'
'Fantastic. Still active at his age. He's like me. Got years of useful work in us. Ninety is the new middle age.'
Misty said, 'Craggy. Let it go. Retire gracefully.'
'Easy for a youngster like you to say, Misty.' 
'Hardly a youngster. But I do feel ancient next to this lovely young woman.'
Dillow guessed Misty's age to be about the same as Cragg's, but she had worn much better. Misty, working with Marcia Potts, Tagg's wife, was in charge of supplies to keep the people fed, clothed and provided with the basic comforts of life. On a world so underdeveloped, that was a challenging occupation, and having seen troubled times on Earth looming, they had begged, bartered and traded anything and everything they could lay her hands on from there, and had built up a significant inventory. 
This had been a blessing others had often dismissed, but when Misty's and Marcia's prophecies of harder times to come finally arrived and their foresight had made everyone's life more bearable.
Misty was kept slim by the largely vegetarian diet supplemented by the farmed fish, and the energetic way she applied herself to her work and everything else. Dillow could imagine Misty being a stunner fifty years ago. Her light brown eyes shone with affection whenever she looked at Cragg. 
Misty asked, 'Are you excited about your first visit to Mars?'
Dillow said, 'I suppose so. I'm keen to see the technology used here, before I make the return trip.'
'No poetry in her soul,' said Craggy. 'Hopefully a condition she'll grow out of in time.'
'She'll be just fine,' said Misty. 'Fancy a dip in the pool, everyone?'
'I never thought to bring a swimming costume,' said Dillow.
'No problem,' said Cragg. 'It's traditional we skinny dip in here.'
Potts laughed at Dillow's face as her chin dropped, horrified at the idea of sharing a pool with three naked wrinklies. 'Relax, Fawn. Craggy's just yanking your chain. We have plenty of spares. Come on.'
After changing, Potts led the way from the restroom, across the sealed road that divided the accommodation from the jungle. There were several well worn and tended paths through the jungle and they followed one to the wallowing pool. 
They passed a small crop of marijuana that was cultivated for scientific experiments and could be obtained in small doses. Alcohol was a rudimentary beer from root crops, and wine made from various fruits. The illegal concentrate on Moon was brought in by Cragg and used to trade other things.
Smoking, illegal on Moon, was allowed on Mars. Not condoned or encouraged, but not frowned upon, either. But there was a special fireproof room where smokers could relax and indulge, their smoke extracted and vented outside so as not to mix with the regular air. 
It wasn't a defiance of Moon's draconian ways. Not really. It was in some ways, a simple compensation for the harsh conditions of working on Mars. People were treated like human beings, not machines. Twelve hour days in space suits working the mines and a hundred and one other outside duties, was a telling way to make a living. The dope and booze provided a vital release of tension. 
Abuse was strictly controlled by the security officers, and anyone guilty of either missing work duties, being intoxicated on the job or disturbing the peace spent forty eight hours in a solitary cell, and fined a months salary. They usually got the message after that.
True, the prison sentence for life and the death penalty still existed on Moon, but it was a hangover from the very early years, when booze was smuggled in with deliveries from Earth. A few incidents involving heavy equipment and people dying had meant serious measures had to be taken. A fire in a workers quarters had resulted in two deaths and serious injury to three others and damage to vital equipment. 
One smuggler had been found guilty of causing the death of three men by supplying hard liquor to a construction gang. As an example to others, he was sentenced to death. He was driven to the other side of the moon and abandoned, left to walk alone until his air ran out. He was the only one to suffer such an end, but the law still stood and was enough of a deterrent to at least keep illegal smoking and drinking in check. 
By the pool was a well made wooden bench. It had a brass plate on it which stated, This bench is in recognition of Andrew Foreman. GenMop trainer. Mars Base pioneer from 2069-2074. They settled in the pool, and let the warm water wash over them. They had only just got in when a warning bell rang for five seconds.
'An emergency?' Dillow asked, ready to dive out of the pool.
'Relax,' said Misty. 'That's the twelve hour shift change. It goes off one hour before the actual change of shift. You two are on a week's vacation until you are due to go back to Earth.'
Dillow eased her body in the pool, determined to relax and enjoy whatever Mars had to offer. 'I think I can handle that. Cheers.'




Chapter 3

Cragg had been impressed with the change in Dillow. She was no longer trying to act cool and professional to impress him with a view to him giving her her tickets to qualify her as a freighter captain. Out of uniform, she literally let her hair down, and even wore a little make up.
'Sleep well,' asked Cragg, pouring them both a syncoff. He was sharing a table with Misty. 
'Fantastic. I think it's having twice the gravity of Moon that's done it. The extra effort to move about must have tired me out.'
Cragg chuckled. 'Or the booze you got through before you staggered off to bed.'
'I was perfectly sober, if you don't mind.'
'Is that why you danced naked on the tables?'
'Ignore him Fawn,' said Misty.
'Just winding you up,' admitted Cragg.
Misty got up and whispered a few words in Cragg's ear which made him chuckle. Then she kissed his cheek and squeezed his thigh.
'I have to go, Tiger,' said Misty, a knowing look in her eyes. 'I'll see you later.'
'Can't wait,' said Cragg.
It was clear to Dillow the two wrinklies were very good friends.
With Misty gone, Cragg said, 'Drink up. I want to show you something.'
He led her out to the central path that ran the full length of the Base, to a steel stairway leading to an observation platform. The platform was two metres wide, and had a panoramic window that wrapped around and along the double shell of the Base for one hundred and fifty metres.
'Now that is a view,' said Cragg.
'It is pretty awesome.'
'That's the Mons, as we call it here. Fortunately its an extinct volcano, because I wouldn't fancy our chances if it blew. We are actually inside a massive crater. It provides some small protection from the wind storms we get all the time. Take my advice. Look at the outside from the inside. Don't get yourself lost in a storm.'
Dillow stared out at the view. There were three major mining projects going on. One was the deep mine. Moles, machines that tunnelled up to twenty kilometres deep, were breaking up the minerals, and loaders were scooping it up. They brought it to the auto sorters, that separated loads into specific minerals, from there it went into fine extraction machines, straight onto a continuous container train. People constantly monitored the entire operation, keeping everything moving around the clock. 
Five kilometres west of that was the water boring crew, locating new underground lakes of water. They were drilling close to three kilometres deep. Plugs of removed rock and sand were carefully sliced up into metre length sections and identified, then taken for analysis.
To the east of the mine, was the ground preparation for the new Base, number four. That was to be twice the size of Base Three. They watched the outside activity, then turned to look over the jungle.
'No birds,' said Dillow.
'It was once considered, especially for any endangered ones. They decided against it due to the mess they could make of the base. Personally, I think we should have suffered a little mess. So sadly no birds, apart from those, of course.' In a clearing around the compost area, several dozen free range chickens scratched around, pecking at the worms. A couple of roosters ensured a healthy population of chickens. 'Enough for a couple of eggs each per week. Eggs and the occasional cooked chicken but that's a rare treat. The other protein comes from the fish, same as on Moon. Unless you are completely vegetarian, that is. Ever had chicken?'
'Never. I do eat fish. And a little synthomeat. Not much.'
'That synthomeat is nothing like the real thing. I think they make it from essence of dodo.'
She could count nine people doing various jobs around the jungle. Gathering fruit, pruning, keeping the paths clear. 'A fair bit of activity going on in here.'
'All volunteers. They do jobs in their downtime. Therapeutic. And see? At least four different ethnic backgrounds. Asians, westerners, black, white, brown. Here we have something impossible on Earth. No racial tension or friction here. Just people working and living together.'
'Like how we have it on Moon. It just shows that it can be done. But I think my dad would have a fit if he saw all the marijuana growing going on.'
'I told you, already. Scientific research.'
'Yeah, right.'
Cragg said, 'Look. Think of it this way. You read up on Earth history?'
'Only really old stuff. Nothing much this century.'
'You're not missing much, then. But before we plundered the planet into a shadow of its former self, and I'm talking many centuries ago, explorers would hack their way through the densest of jungles into the most remote places and you know what they'd find?'
'Enlighten me, O' wise one.'
'Primitive tribes living happily, never having seen white people before. And you know what they would do for kicks?'
'What?'
'Well, after a hard days hunting and gathering, they would break out the drums and nose flutes, and get high as kites on stuff fermented from some bloody awful mess. They didn't fight each other or steal from one another. They'd get down and party hard. Here it's the same thing. Every time they go out to bust a gut working, never knowing if they'll be alive at the end of the shift, they come in here and relax a little with a few drinks. It keeps them sane.'
'I think I can understand that. Having a few drinks and chatting with people last night was nice. No harm done. Not sure my dad would agree, though.'   
'Probably not,' agreed Cragg. Finding the rookie a less stuffy individual than her on duty version, Cragg found her easier to chat to. 'A little slice of heaven, this place,' he said.
'You'll miss coming here.'
'Too right I will. The last thing I want is to be booted back to Earth. I hate what the Earth has come to now. It's a sick planet that fifteen billion people fighting over every last dwindling resource finally killed it. How many left? Two, three million? The East and West still taking pot-shots at one another. And all those being ravished by disease. Not to mention all those crazy laws. No way I want to go back there.' He looked her in the eyes. 'Why do you think I've kept working all these years?'
'A bigger pension and benefits?'
He nodded. 'That's part of it. But the real reason is I don't want to end up on Earth. Even the damn Moon is preferable to that place. Then flying the freighters back and forth to Mars, is a few months when I can listen to my music, paint my crappy pictures, and not give a stuff about anyone else.'
'And then you spend a few days here with Misty. Not a bad life, I suppose. No family?'
A pained look crossed his eyes. 'I still have a cousin somewhere on Earth, I think. If he's still alive, I've no idea.'
'That is so sad, but I do know what it's like, as do most people.' 
Cragg shrugged. 'One thing most of us have in common. I'm used to being alone.'
'I'm lucky. At least I have my dad.'
'Very lucky. Come on. Scotty will be wanting to unload the pods.'

 
Chapter 4

Cragg and Dillow had four Martian days before they had to take off back to Moon with their payload. They had time to kick back and unwind, but it wasn't all about fun. After a hearty breakfast they suited up and borrowed a buggy to return to their ship. 
Dillow was aware that the suit was protecting her from instant death. The air around her was almost pure carbon dioxide with three percent nitrogen and a little argon. It was summer, so the temperature was a warm thirty degrees Celsius near the equator where they were. She didn't even want to think about the deadly temperatures of winter, down as low as one-fifty below at the ice caps.
Much smaller than Earth, Mars had days roughly the same as Earth, but the Martian year was twice as long. Having lived all her life on Moon, she was used to a lower gravitational pull. How people actually managed to move on Earth was something she probably would never have to experience.
Her feet were often ankle deep in the reddish iron oxide sand, similar to walking in the grey dust of Moon. It was a common hazard for anyone outside the safety of Base Three, to suddenly sink into a small dust filled crater. The unpredictable wind-storms constantly changed depths of the sand to increase the hazards. 
They had landed inside the monstrous crater next to Olympus Mons, where a pod lifter was already in position, the grabbers wrapped around the anchor points of the fourth pod, the one at the end of the train. 
Scotty had organised the removal of the delivered pods and would be loading the cradle with the return load later. It was a slow and tedious job that took time. Everything was too valuable to rush and risk damage. Each pod was taken away by a pod carrier separately, to the storage Base. 
Dillow and Cragg were going to take ten pods of raw materials back to Moon, but had only delivered four pods to Mars. They were full of essential equipment, spare parts and food supplies to add to what the base couldn't yet grow themselves. It was a system of trade that kept everyone busy. Cragg waved up to the cab of the lifter.
Through the helmet radio Cragg said, 'That you, Scotty?'
'The one and only. You ready to go, Craggy?'
'Give us five.'
Dillow was already keying in the colour code of the freighter's airlock ramp door and there was a hiss of the pneumatics as the ramp cracked open and gently lowered. They went on board, and once the airlock was closed back up, they removed their helmets. Cragg took a back-seat, letting the rookie take control, him being there just to advise if need be, and also to assess her performance on the job. She had completed the compulsory one hundred hours training moon-side coordinating with the pod lifters including thirty hours of actually working the lifters, for a full appreciation of what was involved. 
She flicked switches and the controls lit up. One bank of controls was specifically for the pods. Pod one was always the one directly attached to the ship, numbering out from that one. Dillow set the release for the locks of pod four. The pod disengaged light came on. Scotty saw the green release light go on on pod four. 
The lifter took the strain and the pod cracked free and the lifter eased it from the securing mounts. Once clear, Scotty lowered it onto a pod carrier that would take it to Base One for unloading, before returning for another pod. The pod carrier securing mounts slid into place and the carrier moved away with the precious cargo.
Scotty swung the lifter back over pod three and the grabbers wrapped around the anchor points. Dillow saw the lights for pod three come on. She followed the same procedure as she had done with pod four, but this time, instead of the green light coming on, the orange light flashed. The release mechanisms had failed. Dillow closed down the controls to pod three and repeated the sequence. Still the orange light flashed.
'Craggy. What's happening?'
'Not a lot, by the look of it. This isn't your fault. This bucket has been in service a few years too long. I've been in charge of her for the best part of twenty years, and she wasn't new back then. Odd things happen now and then. Close down the whole pod controls and reboot.'
Dillow did that, then went through the procedure again for pod three. This time the green light came on.
'Thanks, Craggy.'
'You're welcome. Your ship will be newer, but they all have their idiosyncrasies. Just part of the fun.'
It took another forty minutes to unload all the pods. They did a complete system check then they both collected clothes, turned the controls off, and left the ship and got back in the buggy.
'Good job, Dillow,' said Scotty from his cab on high.
'Thanks, Scotty.'
Feeling pleased with herself, she drove the buggy back to Base Three. 


Chapter 5

Most of the people on Mars got more than enough exercise just doing a twelve hour shift in a suit. Die hard fitness freaks still spent time in the small, but well equipped gymnasium. Fawn Dillow wouldn't have taken kindly to being called a freak and may well have hurled a dumbbell at anyone silly enough to do so.
'You're new,' said a man in a black singlet and shorts, a towel draped over his shoulders. 'I'm Garf Funkell.'
'Fawn Dillow. I flew in with Craggy.'
'Old Craggy? Still whining about having to take early retirement?'
'Just a bit. I think it's more the idea about spending his time on Earth. He's convinced they intend to send him back to live there. The idea of that scares the crap out of him and I think I'm with him on that one.'
Funkell did a few stretching exercises, then got in the wheel. Not unlike a man-sized hamster wheel, it was the most room conserving way for runners. 'Not another space junkie like Craggy, are you?'
'I can see the attraction. Floating along in your own little world. Are you here permanently?'
'Pretty much. My wife's here, too. She's a qualified botanist in the hydroponics section, so always useful in a place like this. She's just had our first baby. Shannon.'
'Lovely. So Shannon will be growing up on Mars?'
Funkell stepped off the wheel and wiped away his sweat. 'Like you said before. Earth is hardly a healthy environment these days. A few years from now, this will be sought after real estate. We'll be established by then.'
Dillow had done with the weights and sat up on the bench. 'Maybe I'll apply for a position here, after a few years.'
'There you go,' said Garf. 'We might end up neighbours. Well, I'll see you later.'
'See you around.'
As Dillow continued her workout, Cragg and Potts were having a beer. Cragg was starting to like it a little after not tasting it for months. It had a woody taste, and was sweet. They were leaning on the fence of the enclosure watching the healthy looking chickens scratching in the dirt. They had free reign of the compost heap, looking for worms.
'It seems a bit odd,' said Cragg, 'Only marsillium to take back.'
Potts replied, 'The whole lot of it destined for Earth. It's for the West. I hear rumours they've discovered it has uses as a power generator. Apparently, a little of it goes a very long way, but they're keeping a lid on it. Heaven forbid the East had any benefit from it.'
Cragg said, 'It must be something big to just take the marsillium and nothing else. Still, all the same to me,' then he added, 'Can't say I'm overly concerned.'
'I don't suppose it matters to you, Craggy. You must be feeling a bit strange knowing the next flight will be your last. As a captain, that is.'
'I might see if there are any little jobs going on the Moon. Just to keep busy.'
Pottsy chuckled. 'If they'd offered me the same deal they offered you, I wouldn't be looking so cheesed off about it.'
'That doesn't mean I get to stay on Moon. Everyone has to be gainfully employed there if they want to stay. They could always ship me back to Earth and I don't want that.'
'I'm sure something will turn up. I'm sorry I can't offer you something here, Craggy.'
Cragg slapped Potts on the back. 'This place is the future. Not for dried up old fossils like me. There I go again, feeling sorry for myself. Never mind me. But cheer me up with a decent drink.'
'Good idea, Craggy. '


Chapter 6

Unused to too much inactivity, Dillow volunteered for chicken duty. First she gathered the eggs, counting over ninety. With those safely stored away, she raked up the mess out of the coop and added that to the compost heap, turning it over thoroughly. Finally she fed the chickens and decided that was enough. After a meal, she helped herself to a beaker of wine and settled in the soak pool. Others came and went, all chatting in the friendly Base way. It was all either first names or nicknames.
Compared to Moon, the people seemed more fun loving and easy to get along with. The booze and smokes probably mellowed everyone's mood. The alcohol ban on Moon was rigorously enforced and the inhabitants never looked particularly happy. Moonitus some called it. Like everywhere else, it was a case of who you knew, not what you knew, which explained why Cragg was so popular. 
Cragg had revealed to her that he was a fully paid up member of the moonshine brewers, and a scientist in the group had perfected distilling it to a lethal concentration if it were even sniffed. Being a freight hauler made him particularly useful in the black market trading. His good humour and natural affability, coupled with his ability to stay under the radar, had him slipping in and out of a shady side of life.
Dillow considered herself most fortunate. Few people had the choices she had. She could quit and return to the increasingly volatile Earth she hadn't set foot on since a small girl, now seemingly very unlikely. She could apply for a job on Moon. She could also do the same on Mars. But her lot for now seemed to be to spend up to four months in space between Moon and the Red Planet with a week of rest and recreation at the end of each trip.
She knew her father, the space security commander, would not have been too impressed if he saw his daughter drinking wine. She felt privileged Craggy had trusted her enough to confide his shady dealings to her. But she was a woman of thirty four. What she did was of no business of her father's. Unless he was going to arrest her. She smiled thinking that scenario wouldn't be entirely unlikely. Lance Dillow was of the do it by the book, brigade.


Chapter 7

The day before they were due to take off, Cragg and Dillow worked with Scotty to form the train with the ten freight pods. Each pod was numbered and the first to be connected to the ship was number one. It wedged in neatly between the ship thrusters, settling on the elevated cradle. The first six had been attached without a hitch, but the seventh refused to secure.
Cragg said, 'I don't think this is anything we can fix flicking a switch. Time to kick the tyres.'
'What?'
Cragg sighed. 'We gotta take a look. Come on.'
Dillow followed Craggy through the airlock, and they stepped out onto the soft iron oxide sand.
'Number seven wasn't it?' Cragg asked.
'Yes.'
They climbed up the steps to the single width catwalk and walked the eighty metres to the end of pod six. Scotty had the grabbers in place, not about to release them unless somebody told him to do so.
Scotty called out, 'Hey. Craggy. What's the problem?'
'Not sure. Just hold still.'
'Can you see anything, Craggy?' Dillow asked. 
Cragg said, 'How familiar are you with what makes the pods work?'
'We spent a whole day on the pod coupling system. Two interlocking V sections, that both have to be fully engaged to lock in place at the top of each V.'
'Correct. Remember what the lock trigger is?'
'A compression trigger at the bottom of both V's. Both need to be perfectly aligned for the locks to engage.'
'Right. Can you see that top lock?'
'Yes. It's only partially engaged.'
Cragg said, 'Something is blocking the sections getting fully aligned and we need the pod off to see what that is. Just lifting up the pod will damage the partly engaged locks. Scotty. Dillow is going back in the ship to release the pod locks. We are going to inch up a bit at a time. Off you go, Dillow. Call me when you are ready.'
'On my way.'
Two minutes later, Cragg got the call. 'Pod locks disengaged.'
'Okay. Scotty. Up the tiniest bit.'
Scotty laughed. 'Up the tiniest bit? Is that technical lingo?'
'Just do it, Scotty.'
The pod lifter took the strain, in the upwards direction. Craggy was watching the top lock. If it hadn't disengaged properly, the pod being raised up would wreck the lock, making pod six and consequently its load worth millions of dollars impossible to be added to the freighter, so they  would not be making it to Moon which meant the marsillium wouldn't get delivered to Earth. It was a tense moment and he could feel sweat beading on his upper lip. The lock was moving smoothly back. He hoped the lock on the bottom V, obscured by the bottom of the pods was doing the same.
'Up easy, Scotty.'
The pod was raised up and the locks eased away, unforced. Scotty was taking his time, knowing they were taking a calculated risk as the pod inched higher.
'Craggy?'
'Keep going up straight and slow. More. And...we're free. Good job, Scotty. Take the pod back so I can inspect the back of pod six. That'll do it.' Cragg checked the back of the pod. 'I see the problem.' From the bottom of the lower V section, he reached in and pulled something out. It was a rock the size of his fist. 'This is the culprit. It must have bounced up off the ground as the pod was brought over. Just one of those things. Dillow. Prepare to engage pod seven.'
'Got that.'
'Scotty. Bring her back over. Steady. Bring her down, nice and easy. Steady.' The V sections hit the bottoms of their mating parts and triggered the locks. 'Are we fully engaged, Dillow?'
'Everything green, Craggy.'
Cragg said, 'All clear with pod seven, Scotty. Grabbers off. Okay. Pod number eight.'
Cragg elected to stay outside to ensure the next three pods engaged and locked perfectly, which they did. 'Good job, people. Time for a beer.' 
Scotty said, 'I'll get the lifter back in the hanger and I'll be right with you.'
Dillow drove her and Cragg back to Base Three and were de-suited and sipping beer by the time Scotty joined them.
'I need that,' said Scotty, taking a beer. 'Good thing you figured out the problem, Craggy. Cheers.'
Cragg shrugged. 'Something had to be jamming it. Not much else but sand and rocks out here.'
Dillow said, 'It could have caused a million dollar headache. I'd never have thought of it.'
'Experience,' said Cragg. 'Now you know it's something to look out for.'
Scotty said, 'It's the first time this has happened to me in three years of doing the job.'
Dillow said, 'I think it should be checked out before pods are linked up. It would only take a few minutes to do that. I'll write a report about the incident suggesting that all pod engagement systems are checked just prior to connection.'
'It wouldn't hurt,' said Scotty.
'I'll leave that with you,' said Cragg. 'I hate writing up reports.'
'No worries,' said Dillow. 'We've an early take off in the morning, so I'm off to bed.'
Cragg said, 'If I get wasted and oversleep, just take off without me.'
'You don't get off that easy. Be bright eyed and bushy tailed in the morning.'
Cragg saluted. 'Aye, aye, Sir.'
'Goodnight.'
Scotty said when she had gone, 'I thought you were still the ship's captain on this flight?' 
'So did I. I think it's a good thing, her taking the initiative. She needs that self assurance to do the job she has to do.'
'But what about the experience she needs to go with it? Where's that coming from?'
Craggy sighed. 'The school of hard knocks, I guess.'
'Scares the crap out of me, Craggy. A bunch of rookies hurtling around the solar system, no idea what they're doing.'
'Dillow has a good head on her shoulders. She'll be just fine.' He had a hard job convincing himself of that.


Chapter 8

At first light, Cragg and Dillow were suited up and ready for the buggy ride to the ship. Potts and Misty were up early to see them off.
'What's up?' said Cragg. 'You two couldn't sleep or something?'
'I couldn't sleep anyway, with your snoring,' said Misty, jabbing him in the ribs.
Dillow could tell from the look in Misty's and Cragg's eyes that they had something of an understanding.
Potts said, 'We couldn't let you go without saying goodbye, Craggy. We may never see you again.'
'Heck. That sounds a bit sombre. I'll be around for years, yet. Has the treasure chest been filled up?'
Dillow said, 'Treasure chest?'
Misty said, 'Don't get too excited. It's just token presents from people here to relatives and friends on Moon or Earth. Small Mars rocks with names carved on them, paintings using the different sand colours. It's worth nothing, but means everything. It's on the buggy.'
'Don't worry,' said Cragg. 'The exact weight has been factored in. Well, Pottsy. Misty. Time to go.'
'Oh,' said Misty. 'I nearly forgot. We made this card for you, signed by everybody. Wishing you a happy retirement. And engineering made you this belt buckle from pure marsillium.'
'Very flash,' said Craggy. 'Not damn radioactive is it? I might still want to father children.'
'Go on, Fawn,' said Misty. 'Take this old devil home.'
Craggy kissed Misty before putting his helmet on. 'If I do have kids, I'll send pictures.'
'Jeez,' said Dillow. 'Just weeks of this. Thanks for your hospitality. I'll see you in a few months time.'
Potts and Misty drove them in the buggy and helped get the chest into the airlock. Final hugs and handshakes and the Buggy was driven clear. On board, Cragg let Dillow do the entire take off procedure. Cragg was assessing her competency and was impressed with her faultless execution. The twin thrusters had to be realigned to balance the extra weight of the ten pods.
'Pods off the cradle,' said Dillow. 'Fine tuning for equilibrium. Ship to pod equilibrium obtained. Assent one hundred metres per minute. One kilometre above the surface. Quarter thrust engaged on three...two...one. Approaching outer atmosphere. One full orbit. Out of gravitational pull. Confirming computer coordinates. Coordinates confirmed. One half full thrust in one...two...three. Half thrust engaged. Three quarter thrust engaged in three...two ...one. Three quarter thrust engaged. Ship gravity one third Earth normal. Air quality good.'
Cragg removed his helmet as did Dillow. 'A perfect take off, Dillow. Nice job.'
'Thanks. Auto is set. Time to de-suit.'
'Sounds almost dirty when you say it.'
'You in your official blue underwear takes my mind right off anything dirty.'
'Have you seen my undies?'
'Unfortunately, yes. I'll take first shift.'
'See you in four hours for a feed,' said Cragg, taking off for his bunk.


Chapter 9

Cragg yawned and scratched his chin, contemplating shaving. 'Morning, evening, whatever the hell it is.'
'Not that it matters much, but good afternoon.'
'Any contact with Moon yet?' *
'No. Just static. The solar storms are still flaring up.'
'Any issues?'
Dillow shook her head. 'Everything steady. Humming along.'
'We'll do a full systems check later. Hungry?'
'I am.'
'Come on. I'll cook.'
Happy to leave the deck, Dillow followed Cragg into the galley kitchen, and sat at the two seat table, moulded into the floor and wall.
Cragg said, 'I snaffled a dozen of those eggs from the base. No bread for toast, of course.'
'I remember my father telling me about bread, when I was a girl. He made it sound wonderful.'
'You never had bread?' said Cragg, scrambling the eggs.
'No.'
'That is so sad,' said Cragg, putting a plate each on the table.
'That looks good.'
'I always add the salt and pepper as the eggs cook, not afterwards.'
'Delicious. Tell me about bread. What was it like?'
Cragg chewed his food, thinking back nearly forty years to the last time he ate bread. Some things are never forgotten. 'Well. For a start. Not all breads were the same. There were so many varieties and flavours. Rye. Corn. And then there was hell of a difference between commercially produced and home made. My mother often made her own.'
Dillow was amazed. 'Your mother made bread?'
Cragg sat back in his chair. 'The smell. I tell you. If you weren't hungry, when you had the smell of the baking waft over you, you would soon be drooling. As a kid, if I went to touch the bread, she'd slap my hand. She would boil me an egg so the yellow would ooze out when I broke the shell. But the best part was when she got the bread knife and sliced off the crusty end bit. I can remember the sound of the bread knife cutting through the crust. Then she would spread a big dollop of butter...'
'Butter? You had butter?'
Cragg sighed. 'Yes. Creamy and yellow. And I would break little pieces off the buttered bread and dip into the runny yoke...' He smiled and his eyes glazed over as he was sitting in the kitchen with his mother, egg yoke running down his chin. 'It's a tragedy your generation missed out on simple pleasures like that.'
'I heard that it will take another twenty years for the soil to fully recover on Earth.'
Cragg gave her a look as he gathered the plates. 'You believe that, do you?' he said as he placed the plates and cutlery in the carboniser. The flash of intense heat reduced the food residue to a fine ash which was extracted away.
Dillow had heard the talk. The Earth was dying faster than it could ever recover. For years, what was now known as just the West and the East, had around three to four million people between them. Left to their own devices, ignored by their so called governments, some reverted to primitive, barbaric tribes, living off anything they could find. They were the forgotten people.
Pockets of land had been spared from the hydrogen wars but the intensity of farming was killing even that. Food distribution was strictly controlled. The black market flourished. People lived and died over the food wars. It had become a brutal and dangerous place to live.
'Craggy. You know stuff. What's really going on?'
'On Earth?'
'I need to know. My father tends to protect me from the truth.'
Craggy sat back down. 'I've a few friends in important positions both on Earth and Moon. Now and then, I'll sit and have a drop to much of the moonshine with those on Moon and they would tell me things. You, me, all of us are being fed bullshit by the politicians on Earth. No change there, then. But the truth is, they're as lost as the rest of us. Diseases are popping up all over the Earth. New ones all the time. Antibiotics, what few they can produce, aren't working. Containment camps are growing exponentially...'
'They have to isolate the sick.'
He fixed her with a stare. 'Isolation is one thing. Eradication is another.'
This was dangerous talk. 'No.'
'You did ask, Fawn. It's true. I've a couple of pals. Number crunchers for the West government. What they told me was that each camp has a strict quota of people to care for. But more are being sent to the camps every day. The thing is, the populations of the camps hardly changes.'
'People die. They are sick, so they die.'
Cragg shook his head. 'To a degree, yes. But not the exact number of people dying as new patients are added.'
'I don't understand.'
'I think you do. Say a camp has five thousand. Some as you say will die off anyway. Hundreds of new sick ones are sent there each week. The population of the camp stays almost exactly the same.'
Dillow couldn't face him. 'No. I can't...'
'Some of them, the sickest, are helped along to make way for the new ones. Sometimes, not only just the very sickest. It gets worse.'
'How could it get worse?'
Cragg sighed. 'Not all those sent to the isolation camps are sick. Some are just old.'
'I don't believe you.'
'I know it's hard to accept, but it's true. Why do you think I kicked up a stink about being pensioned off early? Old timers like me are a drain on what resources the Earth has left. Oh, if I was sent back to Earth, I'll be okay until I fall crook and some toady doctor taking backhanders from the government puts his signature on a form; next thing you know, I'm in a camp.'
'No. They can't do that.'
'You know history. This is nothing new. It's real and it's happening right now. It's irrelevant, anyway.'
'What makes you say that?'
Cragg took her hands in his. 'Fawn. If I couldn't keep being useful on Moon somehow, and I was sent back to Earth, I'll not see one hundred and fifty. Heck. I'll be lucky to see a hundred. Even if I stayed healthy and out of the camps. The planet has gone over the edge. Ten years tops and that's being optimistic.'
'That'll make me forty three if I lived on Earth. That's no life at all.'
Cragg nodded. 'I agree. That's the real tragedy. Youngsters like you. And it's all my fault. Mine and all those that went before you. Only when it was too late did we even try to save the planet. For that, I am sorry.'
'So what do I do?'
'Get yourself on Mars. Sooner rather than later. The best I can hope for is to get a little job on the Moon so I won't get sent back to Earth, if I'm lucky. You deserve so much better.'
Confused and depressed, Dillow had nothing else to say. She felt as if her world was crumbling around her. She had gotten to know Craggy over the last few months and she knew that although he had a strange sense of humour, he was a straight shooter. What he had told her was true, perhaps not even the half of what he knew. And that thought scared her more than anything.


Chapter 10

It was tense as they sat together for the full systems check. 
'Equilibrium, stable.'
'Check,' said Cragg.
'Thruster emissions, balanced.'
'Check.'
'Internal pressure. Stable.'
'Check.'
'Air quality. Good.'
'Check.'
'Systems within normal parameters.'
'Check. All good.'
'Craggy.'
Cragg saved the information on the ships log and turned off the recpad. 'You've been thinking. I can tell.'
'The thing is, my father told me he was sure we still had some distant relatives alive on Earth. Our rare flesh and blood. After what you told me, I'm scared for them. I can't just abandon them. I might get a place on Mars, but I can't take my relatives with me.'
'Neither can you tell them, either.'
'What?' Dillow gasped. 'If I can find a way, I have to tell them. Warn them so they can at least look out for themselves.'
Cragg shook his head. 'Fawn. Don't make me regret I confided in you. If your family kicks up a fuss, they might be in danger.'
'I find it so hard to accept it's like you say it is. Are we from the same Earth, because I'm beginning to wonder?'
'Sadly, yes. The Earth's two governments are trying to keep a lid on it, feeding Moon a pack of lies and half truths. West and East are as bad as one another. It's just a matter of time before it all blows up. In the meantime, they are using progressively underhand and nastier ways to protect what's left for a select few. Older people are disappearing completely by the thousand. Only the young and fit will be okay. Don't let your relatives be involved.'
Dillow's eyes began to water. 'I can't...Craggy. What should I do?'
'You won't like it.'
'Help me, Craggy.'
'Stay well away from Earth. And by Earth, I mean your family down there as much as possible. The more you try to contact them, the more you'll want to warn them. If I were a youngster like you, I'd make a new life for myself on Mars; start my own family.'
Dillow wiped away a tear. 'We have to fight back. Get our planet back.'
'That's what my Uncle Bennet said. He could see what was going on. He was a hundred and eleven. Years left in him. Caught some new flu bug. Went into hospital, he never came back.'
'He died?'
'He disappeared. I was on this, heading for Mars. When I got back he had vanished and nobody knew what happened to him. From the Moon, I called the hospital he'd last been in on Earth on a vidcam. A doctor at the hospital looked terrified. Best not to pursue it, he said. I'll never forget the fear I saw in his eyes. He cut me off. Fawn. You say save our planet Earth. What planet? If there was anything worth fighting for, I'd be right there with you. The human race has only one chance. To start again elsewhere, and this time get it right.'


Chapter 11

There was too much icy tension on the compact ship to spend time together. Eventually, Dillow stopped with the uncomfortable questions. Craggy was in the bathroom, applying the shaving gel to his face. He had a few lines on his wrinkled-up face that made shaving a challenge. He looked in the mirror, and studied his face. The red cream made him look more like a clown than usual. He thought his eyes looked dead. 
Talking to Dillow had taken its toll, and he was feeling old. He couldn't help himself, and he certainly would never tell her, but he thought of Fawn as the daughter he never had. If he could protect her in any way, he would. He wiped the cream off and his face was smooth and clean.
'You should grow a beard, old man. Cover up as much as possible.'
He went to his bunk, picked up his PLAct, chose a play and hit start. The three dimensional figure projected out by the side of him. The actor, one of the previous centuries finest and dressed in full costume, was giving the performance of his life. The PLAct, a series five, was almost an antique and like its owner, was showing its age. It flickered and wobbled, and the sound often faded in and out, but the battered PLAct was a comfort thing. He stretched out and listened to the familiar words.
To be or not to be. That is the question.
'You got that right, pal.'
He drifted off into an unsettled sleep with the actor still strutting his stuff. He was woken up by the sudden jolt the ship made. Walking through the projected image, he made his way to the deck. Strange things were happening with the controls. Lights were flashing on and off all over the place. Dillow was doing her best to respond but nothing seemed to be working. There was another shudder which almost had Cragg falling over. He staggered over to the copilot's chair, grabbed the back of it and sat down, belting himself in, something he rarely did.
'We hit something?'
'Not that I know of. Nothing was showing on the screens.'
The ship settled and the control lights did likewise. 'Craggy. Is this the ship just being old?'
'That never happened to me.' He listened to the ship. 'She isn't right.'
'I can't hear anything.'
'That's the trouble. Neither can I. I can hear the thrusters. Nothing else, though.'
Dillow strained to listen. 'You're right. It's the same but...'
'...but different. You sit still and quiet. I'll see if I can get to the bottom of it.'
Cragg unbuckled and went close to the walls, pressing himself against them one by one, listening hard. He placed his hand on the wall. Things always vibrated. It was a part of the ship's personality, just minutely different from all the other freighters. After twenty years of being together, he understood the ship better than anyone. She was trying to tell him something. 
Standing at the back between where the thrusters were, he placed both hands on the wall. This wasn't anything in any manual or procedure. This was pure experience and a sympathetic relationship with his ship. He closed his eyes and felt the old girl talking to him. The thrusters were sweet. He was sure that wasn't the problem. He returned to his seat.
'How's things this end?'
Dillow said, 'Seems okay. You?'
'I'm sure the thrusters are okay. But something is out of kilter. Ignore it for now.'
They kept the conversation light. She was interested in learning about Mars. Not the guide book version. It was the interaction between the people that intrigued her.
Cragg told her an example of how uniquely different things could be on Mars. 'I remember this one time, me and Pottsy were out in the buggy. This was way back when he was just a section captain and I had not long made freighter captain. Anyway, we were going to deliver some parts to the mine to fix some machine. I only went along for the ride. We were about half way between Base Three and the mine, when a storm blew up. Dust storms are common and unpredictable. Watch out for those. 
This one was a doozy. The buggy being uncovered offered no shelter. We got out and buried ourselves under the buggy. Man, that storm just kept going, and getting worse by the second. We couldn't see a thing or hear each other. We must have been lying there for an hour, then the damn buggy took off. The storm actually bowelled it over like a kids toy. 
Of course, we were completely buried in sand. The storm stopped as fast as it had started. Pottsy got out first, and set about digging me free. By the time I was out, I was nearly a dead man. My internal air filters were damaged, and I wasn't getting enough air.'
'I thought it was almost impossible to damage filters.'
'These days, I agree. Back then, filters were not like they are now. Pottsy picked me up, threw me on his back and carried me four miles to Base Three. I wasn't breathing when we finally got there. They spent twenty minutes reviving me. Two days in intensive care and here I am.'
'Quite an adventure.'
'Pottsy saved my life that day. Know what he said when I thanked him?'
'What?'
'He said he was just being a good Martian. And that's the difference. Somebody needs help, you just help, you don't ask.'
'I can see myself living there.'
'I'm glad to hear that.'
'Craggy...'
She didn't finish because of another jolt. 
'Time to send out a probe and have a look outside,' said Cragg.
'I've never used one of those,' admitted Dillow.
'I've only used them a couple of times, myself. I hope ours haven't seized right up. We'll figure it out together.'
The probes were attached to the outside of the ship in retractable housings. They were manoeuvred by control cables but worked by tiny independent thrusters. 
'When were these last used?'
Cragg shrugged. 'Five, maybe six years ago.'
'Craggy. They probably won't even work.'
Cragg grinned. 'One way to find out. Those are the controls over there. Start with the first key. That's for the cover.'
Dillow pressed the key. 'Nothing.'
'Try it again.'
'Nothing. Wait. Cover open.'
'Right. Before we send it out, see if we can get a picture. Fourth, no, fifth key.'
Dillow pressed key five and watched the huge screen ahead of them. 'Nothing.'
'You need to switch to remote imaging for the screen. Number four key. There. Getting an image.'
'Not bad.'
'Okay. That's number one probe. See the number one slide? The further you slide that along, the further out the probe goes. Ease it along and watch the screen. There she goes. Use that sensor pad to control the probe thrusters. Nice and steady. See the screen?'
'A good view of the ship.'
Cragg studied the screen. 'We need to let the probe go all along the pods to see if something isn't right. Ease the slide along, but watch the screen. Use the pad to manoeuvre the angle of observation. A little too much. Back again. Nothing much wrong with pod one. Hold it steady between each pod. A little more. Hold it. Angle down. Nothing there. Angle up. More. More. That's fine. Keep doing that along pod two.'
It was slow and steady progress, Dillow becoming more competent with the probe controls.
'This is where the problem might be,' said Cragg. 'Between six and seven. Probably happened back on the cradle with that damned rock.'
Dillow got the probe in position. 'I'll take it up a little.'
'Hold it. There. I thought so. The top lock is moving. Not secured enough.'
'But the lock controls say it should be.'
'Pan in. Slide two. Hold it. See that?'
'Yes,' said Dillow. 'The pod is flexing and the V sections are twisting against one another.'
'Hmm. Which suggests to me that the bottom lock is not right, either.'
Dillow said, 'We need the locks fully engaged.'
'I know. Trouble is, only the top lock is accessible once the pods are together. Impossible to get at the bottom one.'
'We could lose pods seven to ten if it comes off.'
'True,' said Cragg, 'but I'm more concerned that as pod seven lifts off the back of pod six, the whole damned lot will be flapping about like a broken tail. God only knows what that would do.'
'What can we do?'
Craggy studied the problem. 'Hmm. It has to be welded together. If we can do that, we stand a chance of getting to Moon.'
'But that means going outside.'
'I'll suit up.'
'Oh no you don't.'
'Don't be silly.'
Dillow held onto his arm. 'I'll do it.'
'Is that right? A good welder, are you?'
'I took a couple of lessons.'
'Oh, goody. Fawn. I can weld that with my eyes shut. You just drive the bus.'
Cragg suited up and checked the oxygen and suit pressure. 'I'll grab the welder and get out of the airlock.' There was another jolt. 'Jeez. Look. It's moved up again. Keep an eye on me with the probe.'
Cragg got the welder, a small hand held device, not unlike a revolver. It had a safety cord which he attached to his belt. He also found a small hammer and secured that to himself, too. A minute later, he was out of the airlock. He fed out the safety line fastened to his suit belt and made his way towards pod six. It took a couple of minutes, and then he gave a wave to the probe. 
'Dillow. Can you hear me?'
'Loud and clear, Craggy.'
'I'm going to try to hammer the lock in place before I weld. Here goes.'
Cragg tapped the top of the lock with the hammer. Nothing gave. He hit harder. The lock budged slightly. Encouraged, he struck the lock with a small series of light blows with the hammer. 'It's moving a little. One more...damn.'
'What's happened?'
'Damn lock broke clean off. I couldn't catch it.'
'Now what are you going to do?'
'I'm thinking. I'll have to weld the V section together. Enough to stop the thing moving about.'
Dillow said, 'We can't land with the pods out of alignment.'
'I kinda figured that out myself. This is just a stopgap to get us to Moon. We can orbit and a maintenance crew can fix it so we can land. Starting welding.'
Cragg eased himself over the top of pod seven, so he could reach the ends of the V section. Then he pulled the trigger of the welder and the flame shot out of the barrel. He used the flame to tack the V sections together. Then he did a long run of weld on both sides, fusing pod six to pod seven.
'That should get us home. Coming in. Retract the probe.'
As the ship hurtled through space, Cragg pulled himself along the safety line with one eye on the probe. 
'Slow retraction down, Dillow. Slower. Ease it inside the housing. Got it. Slide the cover over. Cover over. Switch over to normal screening. Now turn off the probe. Opening the airlock, now.'
He opened the outer door, closed it then opened the inner door. He took the safety line off and rolled it up and stowed it where it was intended to go, just inside the airlock. Then he closed the inner door and took off his helmet.
'Great job, Craggy.'
'As long as we get to Moon, we'll be okay. I need a beer after that. Want one?'
'Just the one, okay?' warned Dillow, knowing just how illegal drinking alcohol on a ship was.
'Coming right up.'


Chapter 12

'Cheers,' said Dillow. 'That was a gutsy thing to do, Craggy.'
'Because I'm eighty four?'
'Just because it was. I'm glad I'm with you, this trip.'
'Thank you kindly, young lady.'
Dillow looked as if she had something serious to say. 'Craggy. Let's face it. I couldn't have gotten here right now if it wasn't for you. I'm not ready.'
'What are you on about?'
'You're here to assess me. Not to save my ass.'
Cragg said, 'You're doing okay so far.'
'See? That's my point. I wouldn't have figured out that problem and gone out to fix it like you did. I wouldn't have been able to figure out the probe. I need more experience.'
'Yes, you do. And you'll get it. Fawn. You've already learnt heaps on this trip. You'll never fly on a ship on your own. Two minimum. And they will have had to have passed basic training, like you did. You've a good head on your shoulders. Just always keep calm and think things through. Besides...'
'Besides what?'
'Nothing.'
'Out with it, Craggy.'
Cragg sighed. 'I didn't want to bring all this up again. Fawn. If I pass you, it's because you deserve to pass. And I really want you to pass, because the sooner you can get back to Mars, the better.'
'Fine. But if I fail, I fail. I can accept that. I can't accept you passing me for any other reason.'
Cragg wagged a finger at her. 'You just do what you've been trained for, you'll pass. Go take a break. I'll drive the bus.'
'Thanks, Craggy.'
With the deck to himself, he sat at the controls. He closed his eyes and listened to the ship. The ship was happy again. Just as well with three months to go. He mentally patted himself on the back for doing his second out of ship walk in forty five years. 'Not too shabby for an old fart, Craggy.'
He liked Fawn. A bit up herself to begin with. And with a father he wouldn't want to tangle with, she was an interesting young woman. Fawn was the future of the human race. If planet Earth keeled over, it would be up to Fawn and the other young ones to save their species. His immediate intention was to keep her alive and teach her as much as he could so that she would be a capable pilot with the confidence to handle anything thrown at her. 
'And good luck with that, Craggy.'


Chapter 13

Cragg had set up his artists easel on the deck where he would hear the radio should it hail him, if the solar storm abated and reliable contact could be resumed. There was no such thing as artists materials on either Moon or even Mars. It hadn't been considered a priority to those who made the decisions. But Cragg was resourceful and inventive if he had to be.
His easel he had cobbled together from scraps of wood and scavenged wire. Brushes he made from his own hair taped to a few twigs, pruned from the Base Three jungle. Paints were from synthoil, mixed with anything that made a colour. His canvas was any discarded flat material that he could get his hands on.
As he daubed incongruous shapes and colours into what would look like a flower only to a half blind mad man, he was confident in the knowledge he was the greatest artist on either Moon or Mars. He ignored the mute point that he was the only one who painted.
He would give his works of dubious art to people he liked for birthday presents. They were strangely popular, used to break up dull plain walls. Misty had three in her rooms. The computer played Brahms in the background and he lost himself in his solitude, Dillow asleep in her room. 
The freighter sailed across the heavens with its precious cargo of marsillium. What Earth was supposed to be doing with it was anyone's guess. Pottsy had hinted at some kind of energy thing. Cragg had tested some with a radiation monitor when nobody was looking. He got no read out. One thousand tonnes of it was a big order. 
The plan was to land the pods on the Moon. The ship and the freight pods were not designed to pierce the Earth's atmosphere. It was okay for Mars and the Moon. The pods would then have to be transferred to Earth by a different type of ship. Craggy was pleased about that. Passing the baton to someone else when he got to the Moon suited him just fine. He'd made his mind up, he would never set foot on that sad sick planet Earth ever again.
He'd sounded Pottsy out about maybe settling on Mars. As a good friend Pottsy had been tactful. It's a hard life out here, Craggy. That storm nearly finished you off, remember? We're building all this for the future, the young blood.
Fair enough. Mars had been a long shot, anyway. The Moon was a different thing altogether. Youngsters sometimes didn't stay long on the Moon, either transferring to Mars at the first opportunity, or even back to the hell hole of Earth. It was the grey brigade that kept the Moon running like a Swiss watch. He had friends in low places in the grey brigade. Many of them doing all the shitty jobs nobody else wanted to do. The sanitation department was a big drop from being a freighter pilot, but it was still preferable to being Earthside.
But, if the Earth suddenly took a turn for the even worse, where was the first bolt-hole? Moon. And who would be first to abandon Earth? The toss pot politicians who screwed it all up in the first place. Imagine being elbow deep in politicos. Just that had almost happened once before.
But he was between a rock and hard place. Or in his case, Moon and Mars. He might squeak in to a Moon job; never in a million years on Mars. He had no choice. His old age was to be spent scrubbing toilets on Moon. The relative peace on the ship for a few weeks would seem like a slice of paradise by comparison. Making the most of the rest of the trip suddenly became a top priority.


Chapter 14

'Oh, come on Moon. Talk to me. Captain Dixon Cragg, of the freighter XB7FG6. Now, I always wanted to give her a name like Starlight. Against company regulations to humanise inanimate objects. Bloody stupid. So, damn well talk to me. Hello? Is it something I said?'
'Craggy. Who are you talking to?'
'Hmm? Nobody. Myself. I've been trying for hours. Can't get past the static. Damned solar storm.'
Dillow said, 'Maybe when we get closer to the Moon, we'll get somewhere. Go take a break.'
Cragg got up and stretched. 'Yeah...'
'Calling Captain Dixon Cragg. Are you okay, Craggy?'
'Yes. Is that you, Carlos? You're a bit scratchy.'
'Yeah. Carlos here. Feeling lonely were you?'
Cragg laughed. 'Just a little. Hey, Carlos. In case we lose you again. We have a little problem. We lost locks on a pod. It was slipping out and I had to weld it together to bring it home.'
'What? What are you telling me, Craggy? The pods are not lined up?'
'That's right, Carlos. We can't land on the cradle, at least not all of it. We will have to disconnect in space from pod five onwards and let the rest orbit until we can get it down. You may wish to give it some thought while we are on our way.'
There was a pause as Carlos considered the situation. 'This is a new one. I'm sure uncoupling pods has never been tried in space before. We'll figure it out, so don't worry too much. Dillow okay?'
'I'm here, Carlos. I'm fine, thanks.'
'Good. Have a safe trip. I'll try you again in a couple...days. I'll...engineering...do about...'
'You're breaking up, Carlos,' said Cragg. It was just static now. 'At least they know our status. The bus is all yours. See you later.'


Chapter 15

'Hi. Any more radio contact?'
Dillow said, 'Nothing. I made you a feed. Just a salad. It's in the fridge.'
'Thanks. I hope they are getting their heads around our arrival. You are certainly getting plenty of experience on this trip.'
'Just glad I have you to hold my hand.'
'No worries. I'll have that feed and I'll be right back.'
Cragg got the salad from the fridge. Not a huge fan of salads, he ate it without enthusiasm. Talking to Carlos had cheered him up. He could imagine the pandemonium on Moon. Taking a pod train apart in space had never been tried before. Then they had to get five pods onto the cradle from space. That would get them scratching their heads for sure. Him and Fawn would be okay. They would just land and settle the first five pods on the cradle, their job done.
The days turned into weeks. They were finally only two weeks from the Moon. Radio contacts had been few and far between. Have you got a plan of action? he'd asked Carlos on one short opportunity.
Getting there, Craggy, came back the reply. You should know something. Things are getting kinda heated on Earth at the moment.
Global warming?
I'm talking military heat. On the grapevine. The crazy bastards are about to slug it out again.
Shit. Stupid idiots. Any fighting yet?
Just name calling and gesturing. So far at least.
Great. That's all we need. The signal had broken up. Shit. Cleaning toilets on the Moon is sounding better all the time.


Chapter 16

Three days out and radio communication was still down. The blue of Earth was clear and bright, the Moon on the far side.
'It still looks pretty even if it is sick,' said Dillow, looking at the screen.
'It's the people that's sick, not the planet,' said Cragg, sourly. 'Once the humans have finally wiped themselves out, the Earth will heal itself. Maybe that would be a good thing.'
'Craggy. Some of my family might still live down there. Would you mind not wishing them dead?'
'I never...sorry.  I forgot. I didn't mean...'
Dillow couldn't face him. She stared at the Earth. Craggy was right, but she didn't want to hear it. Even before they had taken off from Mars, the jungle drums had been banging. Another famine in the West had the East refusing to help them out. They could hardly feed their own people. The West threatened to go get what they needed anyway. The East had said, in your dreams, West. It was the West that wanted the marsillium. 
Dillow told him, 'I'm on the first run back to Mars I can get.'
Cragg said, 'That's a smart move. I wish I could join you.'
'Then why not? You said it yourself, it's mandatory to have at least two on board. I could sound out Pottsy for a job. If he said yes, I could stay and you could fly the ship back to the Moon. That would keep you for another few months.'
'Can't fly back by myself. I'd need a passenger with a pilots licence. They'd never let me do it anyway.'
'I'm going to miss you, Craggy.'
Cragg laughed. 'For all of five minutes.'
'Moon calling Captain Dixon Cragg. Moon calling Captain Dixon Cragg.'
'Carlos?'
'Big brother Mario. We think we have a plan. We've fitted lifter grabbers to a tug ship. It seems to work okay.'
'Impressive,' said Cragg. 'Can it handle five pods in one lift?'
'We've gone up to six in a trial. It worked well until the pods were lowered to the  cradle. Not quite how it would be done with an experienced freighter pilot like you standing by. We should have the damage to the cradle repaired by the time you arrive.'
Dillow said, 'Jeez. That's nice to know, Mario.'
Cragg said, 'Dare I ask what the hell is happening on Earth?'
'At the moment, not too bad. The East has reluctantly agreed to help the West with food supplies. The East has been almost as badly hit by droughts leading to famine, so it isn't as if they have much to share. A dozen new diseases have sprung up all over the world, and even the latest super antibiotics aren't doing much.'
Cragg said, 'Let's hope it doesn't get to the Moon.'
'Not if we can help it,' said Mario. 'There's a total ban on people from Earth coming here, and vice versa. That's had a real bad impact on trade, as you can imagine.'
'What's the food supply situation on the Moon?' Cragg asked.
Mario said, 'Same as always, Craggy. Like Mars, we are reasonably self sufficient. Not much choice, but we won't go hungry. Our problem is getting hardware supplies from Earth. We needed another ten years to further develop our manufacturing facilities, especially the laser powered steelworks. They have a good old one they haven't skilled people to run and have promised us we can have that in exchange for the marsillium, so we can make our own steel. We have the iron ore deposits, but can't do much with them.'
'Right. I was just thinking. If there's a ban on people going to and from Earth, how is this marsillium going to be delivered?'
'Computer controlled ship. No pilot.'
'Are you kidding me?'
Mario said, 'It's the latest thing, Craggy. We ordinary mortals have only just found out. We all knew our engineers were building a huge new ship, but we didn't know it flew itself. But if you think about it, the ships practically fly themselves, anyway. The pilots are only there for the landings and take off.'
'Yeah?' snorted Cragg, testily, having heard it all before. 'I always thought of those two things as being fairly important.'
'It's just a natural advancement, Craggy. It had to come eventually. What are you worried for? You're retiring.'
Cragg sighed. 'So I've been told. You just be ready to meet us when we get there. Later, Mario.'
'Great,' said Dillow as Mario signed off. 'My career as a pilot is over before it has even begun.'
'I wouldn't throw in the towel just yet. It will take years before they send ships back and forth to Mars without pilots. It may never happen at all.'
'It certainly clarifies things for me, Craggy. I couldn't get to Earth even if I wanted to, and pilots will be redundant before I'm fifty. I have to get myself a job on Mars and sooner rather than later.'
Cragg sighed. 'I think that sums it up. I'll be thinking of you as I clean toilets on Moon.'


Chapter 17

The uneasy peace between East and West held with only minor skirmishes. As a trade off for the food, the West had agreed to share medical experience to fight the new diseases. It was a fragile coexistence with only a few hundred killing each other on a daily basis, rather than tens of thousands. 
No love was lost, but the alternative to all out war, was a scrappy understanding. If it would last or how long it would last, would be anyone's guess. With a multinational community, Moon stayed deliberately out of Earth's bickering and took no sides.
The solar storm had finally abated and the freighter was able to communicate constantly with the Moon. Dillow put the ship into a slow orbit around Moon.
'Carlos? Craggy here. Is that damn cradle ready?'
'It should do the job, Craggy.'
'What do you mean, it should do the job? Come on, Carlos. Will the damn thing work or not?'
There was an uneasy pause. 'We're reasonably sure it will be okay. The engineers did what they could, but they're flat out on that new ship.'
Cragg rolled his eyes and looked at Dillow. 'Hardly fills me with confidence. Who's the pod lifter?'
'Angus McGee.'
'Angus knows what he's doing. I can't understand a bloody word he says, but he gets the job done.'
Dillow asked, 'Carlos. When can we unload the pods?'
'About forty-eight hours. We're making a few adjustments to the tug so we can take off the last five pods.'
'Right. But I insist we make a landing on the cradle with the ship before the tug brings the other pods down, just in case it gets damaged again.'
'Well. I suppose that makes sense,' said Carlos. 'I'll see what I can do.'
'No, Carlos,' said Dillow. 'That's the way it's going to be, end of.'
Carlos chuckled. 'Consider it done. Over.'
Cragg looked at Dillow in a new light. 'Good for you, Fawn. That's how a proper captain acts.'
'Thanks, Craggy.'
'You're welcome. We need to think about the first issue. It has never been attempted before to remove pods in orbit. There's a lot that could go wrong.'
'I know. The tug not only has to take off the rear five pods, but must keep pace with us in orbit. We can slow down substantially to help with that. But if there is any damage to the five attached to the ship, landing on a patched up cradle will be interesting, to say the least.'
'Yeah, but...'
'What?'
'Dunno. Not sure. An idea keeps going around in my head, but I can't quite get a handle on it.'
'It'll come to you.'
'Yeah. Maybe.'


Chapter 18

'You look pleased with yourself,' said Dillow.
'That idea I was on about. I figured it out last night. So simple.'
'Good ideas usually are. Go on.'
'Pods six and seven are welded together and are not exactly lined up. We need to cut five and six free from each other.'
'We know that.'
'True. Once pod six has been taken off pod five we can safely land, if the cradle is safe. But the tug can't land with the last five pods connected with the misalignment. That would be a disaster.'
'Agreed.'
'So. If the tug takes off pods eight to ten, then seven and six, we can land one to five, then get straight back up there. We can get the last three pods and bring them down, leaving the tug to deal with six and seven. Does that make any sense whatsoever?'
'In Principal. Let's tell Carlos.'
'Want me to talk to him?'
Dillow said, 'We'll do it together. Come on.'
'After you.'
'Freighter XB7FG6 calling Moon. Carlos?'
'Carlos here. We're on track for you.'
'We've been thinking,' said Cragg.
'Unusual for you, Craggy. What were you thinking, exactly?'
Dillow said, 'Pods six and seven are the troublesome ones. If we take eight to ten off first, secure them with safety line to six and seven, the tug can wait while we land the first five pods. We go back up, we reconnect with the last three and bring those down. You get the cradle cleared while we do that. We go back up again, connect up with pod six, bring that down, and the tug can bring number seven down.'
Impressed with Dillow's fine tuning of his idea, Cragg said, 'It's a little convoluted, but it maximises the chances of a completely successful delivery.'
'Leave it with me. I'll call with the details later. Over.'
'Over,' said Dillow. 'What are you grinning at?'
'The future of the human race, and I like what I see.'


Chapter 19

Four hours later, Carlos came back with the approval of the plan.
'We agreed it was the best plan. We'll need to undo the welding between six and seven. Any volunteers?'
'I can do that,' said Cragg.
'I should do it,' said Dillow.
'I want you driving the bus. I did the welding, I'll undo it.'
Carlos said, 'As long as one of you does it. I'll leave that with you two. Twenty two hundred hours Moon Base Time for the relaying with the tug.'
Cragg asked, 'Who is the tuggy?'
'Spencer.'
'Spence? A good man.'
'Twenty two hundred hours,' said Dillow. 'We'll be ready.'
* * *
The orbit was established and Cragg was already suiting up. 'I promise you next time we need a welder, it's all yours.'
'I know. We can't afford to stuff up.'
The radio hissed. 'Craggy? Spence here. I'm on your tail. You guys ready?'
'I'm on my way right now, Spence. Good luck, Fawn. Just stay calm and focused.'
'Good luck, Craggy.'
Cragg did a stock-take in the airlock. He had secured himself to a retractable safety line, had a complete two hundred metre line around his shoulders, the welding gun and hammer in his utility belt. 
'Leaving the airlock now, Dillow.'
As he leaped out of the airlock, he could see Spencer closing in, in the tug. It looked weird with the lifter attached to it. Cragg climbed along the backs of the pods until he reached the top of number seven. 
'Spence? Centre on pod nine. Easy in. Easy in. Square up. Open the grabbers. Down. Down. Down. Now shut the grabbers. Perfect. Hold it there. Dillow. Unlock seven and eight pods.'
'Seven and eight, unlocking now.'
'Locks opened,' Cragg confirmed. 'Spence. Take a deep breath. Ease her up, but keep everything dead square. Steady. Nice. A little more. Pods clear. Match speeds. Now. I'm going to get a line on to secure eight to seven.'
From his belt he took two high tensile shackles and looped one on each end of the line. Then he looped the line through the pod mountings and bolted the shackles together.
'Okay, Spence. Let go of pod nine. Clear. Line taking the strain.' Cragg was certain the super strong line would hold it all together out in space. 'Spence. I've got to get more line from the airlock. Stay put.'
'Okay, Craggy.'
Cragg returned to the airlock for another coil of line and two more shackles. Then he went back to pod six. Taking out the welding gun, he used the heat to melt away his original welding. That done, he moved out of the way. 'Spence. Come in and grab number seven, the end pod. This is a tricky one, because the V sections have been warped.'
'Easy does it then. Moving in.'
Cragg guided the tug and the grabbers over pod seven. 'Don't forget we have three pods tied up to this one.'
'This was your idea, was it?'
'You got a better one?'
'Nope. Coming in.'
With the grabbers locked on, pod seven was lifted clear, thankfully not jambing in the damaged V sections. Cragg used the line and shackles to secure six and seven together.
Dillow said, 'Craggy. Can we get six pods down with the ship?'
'Don't think so. There's been some distortion between five and six. Not a lot, but enough not to risk it. We'll have to take off number six now. Spence. Leave pod seven, grab pod six. Easy. Steady, Lock grabbers. Dillow. Unlock pod six.'
'Unlocking pod six now. Green light.'
Cragg confirmed the locks had unlocked. 'Spence. Locks are off. Ease her away.' Spencer slid the pods apart. 'Dillow. We now have five pods on the ship. Spence. You have all the ducks in a row. Keep it that way. I'm going with Dillow to land our pods. See you in a couple of hours. Don't go away.' 
'As if. Have fun.'
Cragg got through the air lock and took his helmet off. 'That was fun.'
'Buckle up. We're going down.'


Chapter 20

Dillow took the ship and the train of five pods in a single decreasing orbit. The landing lights were all on and the patched up cradle illuminated. Cragg stayed silent as Dillow lined up the pods on the cradle, the ship on the pad and then landed.
'Angus?' said Dillow.
'Ready.'
'Grab pod five.'
Angus straddled five with the grabbers and Dillow released the locks. This was repeated for all the pods and it took a full hour to take them all off. As soon as the pods were away, Dillow set off to join Spencer.
'Nice to see you again.' said Spencer.
Craggy said, 'You might change your mind with the next part. We need to hook up pods eight to nine to the ship. That's never been attempted in space. You up for this?'
'We can but try.'
'Okay. Good man. I need to remove the safety line. Six and seven will float for the time being. Spence. Let go of seven and grab pod nine. I'm on my way out of the airlock.'
As Cragg let himself out of the airlock and got between the pods, he waited for Spencer to lock the grabbers on pod nine before before releasing the safety line holding the pods together.
'Now the fun starts. Over to the ship, Spence.'
Spencer closed the gap between the three pods and the rear of the ship.
'Dillow. Rock steady nerves. Get ready to lock. Spence. Nice and easy. Don't crash them together.'
Spencer inched the three pods to the back of the ship. This was something nobody had tried before. The design of the ship and pods were for locking them together on the ground. It would take all of Spencer's skill to get the pods in position with a tug hastily cobbled to a grabber. How many millions of dollars depended on this going right, was anyone's guess.
Cragg got as close as he dared to the back of the ship, away from the thrusters, but close enough to see what was happening. His mouth was parched and he thought of the beer in the fridge but they had to get this job done first. Inch by inch, the front of the lead pod kissed the rear of the ship.
'Square up towards the ship. Too much. Back a touch. Slide it down. Easy. Down, Spence. Dillow get ready to lock on my word. Spence. Down now. Dillow, lock it now.'
'Locked,' said Dillow. 'Craggy?'
'Locks in place. Spence. Let go.'
Spencer opened the grabbers and that part of the job was done. But there was still more to do.
'Spence. Hang on to the damaged pods. We'll take ours down and return as soon as we can.'
Sitting next to Dillow, he let her take the ship on its one orbit, and land the pods on the cradle. Another wait for the pods to be cleared and they were back in space to work with Spencer. Starting to feel his age, Cragg went for yet another spacewalk. He undid the shackles to let the pods free.
'Spence. All yours. Get that in the cradle and come back here for the last one. We'll look after it until you do.'
'I'd better get a damn raise after all this.'
'Don't tell those muppets down there, but I've a few beers with your name on them.'
'Nice one, Craggy.'
'Good luck.'
Attempting another risky first, Spencer took the unlikely combination of tug, grabber and pod into the slight Moon's gravitational pull. Engineers and emergency crews were on standby for the unorthodox manoeuvre. A camera was recording the historic event. Spencer hovered over the cradle and Angus stood close by to guide his colleague in. Tugs had all the finesse of a butterfly wearing wooden clogs. Nothing felt right to Spencer. Relying on Angus's directions and flying blind unable to see the cradle under the pod, it was all about trust.
'Easy, Spence,' said Angus. 'To me. To me. Stop. Down. Slow. Stop. Let go of the pod. Now get clear. More. Done. Spence. That was a brilliant job, my friend.'
'Not finished yet. One more to go.'
Spencer took the tug out of the gravitational pull and orbited to meet up with the ship.
'How did it go?' Cragg asked.
'Not too shabby. They'll have cleared the cradle by the time I get this one down. You can go as soon as I've grabbed it.'
Cragg worked with Spencer to grab the final damaged pod. That done, he released the safety line.
'Don't forget that beer, Craggy.'
'Don't you get too excited. It's only from Mars.'
'That shit? Still. A beer's a beer. See you soon.'
By the time Spencer reached the cradle, the previous pod had gone. Everyone held their breath again as the pod was eased into the cradle. Spencer was about to let the pod go, when the patched-up cradle started to buckle. As the cradle collapsed, it was taking the grabber and tug with it. Spencer tried to release the pod, but everything was tipping over before he could let go of it. It seemed to play out in slow motion, as cradle, pod, grabber and tug crashed into the soft Moon dirt. The combined weight of the grabber and pod crushed the tug into a compressed tangle of wreckage with Spencer inside. A huge cloud of dust covered everything. Eventually, the dust settled to reveal the mangled tug.
'Spence?' yelled Angus. He got no reply. It didn't look good for Spencer. 'Spence!'
'Are you lot going to get me out of here?' yelled, Spencer. 'My shift finished hours ago.'


Chapter 21

With the total booze ban, Angus and a bandaged Spencer joined Cragg and Dillow on the ship. A bucket had been filled with ice and beer. Spencer was wearing a sling for his broken left arm and bandages for his broken ribs.'
'I bet that hurt, Spence,' said Craggy.
'Still does.'
'Didn't they give you something for the pain?' said a concerned Dillow.
'Yeah. But I can't take them with beer. A man has to have his priorities right.'
'Well. I think we did a good job out there,' said Cragg. 'Cheers, everybody.'
'Cheers.'
'So, Craggy,' said Angus. 'No more flying for you.'
Cragg said, 'This last trip was pretty eventful. Not a bad way to finish off.'
'What are your plans?'
'Chugger Taylor has offered me a job in the sanitation department.'
'Oh, man. That stinks,' said Spencer.
'More than likely,' said Dillow.
'I meant Craggy should have a much better job than that. What a waste.'
Cragg shrugged and passed more beer around. 'Well, no way am I going to Earth again. I'm too old for Mars, I'm told, so I should count my blessings for a job here.'
'Better than nothing, I guess,' said Angus. 'What about you, Fawn?'
'Mars. I'm going back as soon as I've a load to take. I see myself living there.'
Spencer said, 'Not planning on hauling freight?'
'Maybe for a year or two.'
'Is that right?' said Cragg. 'Don't you need your captains tickets to do that?'
'Yes, of course I...Craggy? Are you failing me?'
'Well, I was just thinking...'
'Craggy?'
'I was just thinking you could do with this.' From his pocket, he took out a velvet box. 'Here you go.'
Dillow opened the box. She took out the gold double lightning bolts. 
Cragg laughed. 'Congratulations, Freighter Captain first class Fawn Dillow.'


Chapter 22

Moon Commander Anton Forbes invited Cragg and Dillow into his office. 'Coffee? Tea? The real thing. Very rare.'
'Thanks,' said Cragg. 'Tea will do us fine.'
Forbes put the call through for refreshments. 'First of all, I'd like to thank you both for your terrific work out there. Sterling efforts in saving the haul. Well done, you two.'
Dillow said, 'Angus and Spencer did a great job, too.' 
'Indeed they did and we'll reward them accordingly. I see you are wearing your captains pin.'
'Craggy thinks I've earned it.'
'I do,' said Cragg.
Forbes said,'It's well deserved. Are you looking to haul freight to Mars?'
'Yes. I'm ready to go as soon as there's a load to take.'
'Hmm. We can always take anything Mars supplies us with, but to make it economical, we need to take stuff to them, too.'
Dillow asked,'Don't you have anything to take?'
'Not for a couple of weeks or so. Can you kick back until then? I'm sure your father would like to see you?'
'Is he on Moon?'
'On his way. He was on security observation on his ship The Eye. Keeping an eye on Earth. He'll be here in a couple of days or so.'
Cragg said, 'That'll be nice for you to catch up.'
'I suppose,' said Dillow. 'Commander Forbes. Just out of interest, that marsillium we brought in. What do they want it for?'
'The West didn't go into details. Something about a non polluting power source. '
'A bit late for that,' said Cragg.
Forbes said, 'It's paid for. We just have to deliver it.'
Dillow said, 'With an unmanned ship I've been told.'
Forbes linked his fingers and leaned back in his chair. 'We have no choice. No captain, rookie or otherwise would take it with the diseases rampant, and we wouldn't allow it. We need a ship to survive the entry into Earth's atmosphere. We have one fully reusable ship. The new one, Big Bird. We have been flat-out adapting it for the marsillium and also for computer controlled flight. It is programmed to return with the laser powered steelworks. Development of Moon, and to some degree, Mars, will be extremely difficult without it.'
'When does it go?' asked Cragg.
'All being well, twelve days time. The ship's ready, but the commissioning of the computers will take the time. Would you care for a guided tour? I could take you tomorrow if you like.'
'I'd really like that, Commander Forbes,' said Cragg.
'Me too,' said Dillow. 'Thanks.'


Chapter 23

As agreed, Cragg and Dillow met with Forbes the following morning. Fully suited, the Moon Commander drove them himself the twenty five kilometres away from the Base buildings, to the new ship site. The sheer size of the project made Cragg and Dillow gasp.
'Three hundred and fifty metres in length,' said Forbes, proudly. 'Fifty meters in diameter. Twin plasma drive engines. Our engineers are constantly refining the propulsion systems.'
Cragg said,'From my poor old brain, I recall helium gas being bombarded with electrical pulses. That turns it into plasma, which is ejected using electrostatic and electromagnetic forces and that's the propulsion.'
'I'm impressed,' said Dillow.
'Don't be. I've no idea what any of that means,' admitted Cragg.
'It means,' said Forbes, 'We don't have to lug around a load of fuel to get from A to B. We can go faster, further and carry more. The improved engines can reach twice the speed of your old freighter. The skin is a new material made from Martian elements, mostly marsillium sprayed on in a thin coating. Super resilient to heat.'
'And that's the launch slope?' Dillow asked.
'Yes. That's a five kilometre, forty five degree slope. The ship is winched backwards up the slope, then the plasma engines fire up and down she goes, then up the short upward slope, into space. Cuts down on take off fuel usage by sixty seven percent.'
'Amazing,' said Cragg. 'How does it land?'
'Rotatable thrusters and retractable legs. The ship is a beauty. This is the future of space travel.'
'But no people,' said Dillow.
Forbes said, 'It can carry people. Up to three hundred passengers at a time if it isn't fully loaded with goods. Just no pilot.'
'Captain Dillow is concerned she's about to be made redundant,' said Cragg.
Forbes laughed. 'I'm not exactly keen on billion dollar ships being controlled by a bunch of circuitry. If it wasn't the risk of picking up contagious diseases, this baby would have a human in charge. I mean, look at what you two dealt with. See a computer anywhere that could do any of that?'
'Can we look inside?' asked Dillow.
'Follow me.'
They followed Forbes to the front of the ship.
'This is the pointy end,' said Cragg, confidently.
'Nothing lost on you, Craggy,' said Forbes.
The airlock hatch was open and a young woman was sitting in a cramped bucket seat. Miles of multi coloured cables were pouring over the side of the hatch, to a man and woman with sophisticated diagnostic equipment.
'A seat?' said Cragg.
'Only one. For the computer technician, but also for manual override by a pilot should the need arise,' explained Forbes. 'Stella. How is it going?'
The technician in the seat smiled at the commander. 'Good. We have three independent systems, one kicking in if the other fails.'
'So reassuring,' said Dillow.
'You're Fawn Dillow,' said Stella. 'That was quite an adventure you just had.'
'It was pretty full on. You fly?'
'No. I've been in a few ships, but not as captain of one.'
Forbes asked, 'Stella. Will we be ready for take off on the set launch date?'
'Hopefully.'
'Hopefully?'
'Hopefully.'
Cragg sensed the friction and decided to defuse it. 'Commander Forbes. Maybe we should let the young lady get on with her work.'
'Okay. I see a ship coming in. That, if I'm not mistaken, is Commander Dillow. I hope you get to spend some time with your father. Allow me to take you to him.'


Chapter 24

Space Security Commander Lance armour Dillow had a black ship.  Not a nice shiny attractive black, but a dull, angular, single plasma drive thing, bristling with laser canons, so it was no surprise when the space legend himself appeared at the top of the ramp as the hatch opened. A dozen officers in similarly uninspiring black suits and helmets parted and marched down on either side of the giant.
In his helmet, he stood a shade over seven foot tall. He saw his daughter waiting for him at the bottom of the ramp. He seemed to pause as if deciding whether or not to go down the ramp to her. The ramp shook as he stomped down towards her.
'Commander Forbes,' he said, tilting his black sun visor out of the way. He had piercing, suspicious green eyes, that chilled anyone he encountered. He glanced briefly at his daughter before giving his undivided attention to Moon Commander Forbes. Forbes kicked off.
'Good to have you back, Commander Dillow. You know Captain Cragg?'
'Craggy. Not brought beer back from Mars, I hope?'
'Me? As if. Oh, by the way. Allow me to introduce Freighter Captain Fawn Dillow.'
'Yeah? It looks like everyone's either a captain or a commander these days.' 
'Thanks, Dad.'
The big man grinned and a flash of pride showed in his green eyes. 'I'm winding you up. I am extremely proud of you. Thanks for looking after Fawn for me, Craggy.'
'She earned her tickets. She's a natural.'
Forbes interrupted the reunion. 'Lance. You have a report for me about Earth?'
'For your ears only.'
Forbes said, 'Off to my office, then. I'll drop you two off on the way.'
* * *
Forbes locked his office door and told admin to hold all calls.
'Lance?'
'Not good.'
'I'd be surprised if it was. I'm listening.'
'The solar storm didn't help. We got info in bits and drabs. The West is up to something.'
Forbes said, 'The West is always up to something. So is the East. Are you talking about something new?'
'Some new weapon. They're plotting to take over the East with it. They can't even feed each other, they're ravished by drought, dropping like flies with diseases, and what do they do? Spend their time making new weapons and killing each other.'
Forbes agreed. 'Earth makes no sense whatsoever to me, these days. As long as we get that laser powered steelworks here, they can do what they damn well want to, as far as I'm concerned.'
'Okay. If you don't mind, I'd like to see Fawn. Or should that be Captain Fawn.'
'You're as pleased as punch with her. Get the hell out of here.'


Chapter 25

'Mars.'
Freighter Captain Dillow said, 'Dad. It isn't that far away. Well, actually it is. But what choice do I have?'
'Not Earth, that's for sure. The Moon?'
'Seriously?'
'Thirty or forty years from now, Moon will be a little paradise.'
Fawn said, 'Mars already is. Have you been there?'
'Not for a few years. Is that monkey man still there?'
'Foreman. The GenMop man. No. Dad. Craggy said...'
'Craggy? What you do has nothing to do with that old fossil.'
Fawn flared up. 'That old fossil took half a dozen space walks to get us and the haul safely here. He's one of the best. And he was right. The future is Mars and I intend to be a part of it.'
Lance agreed. 'Craggy's right. I Just hate to admit to myself what everyone knows. The Earth is over and those who remain must carry on without it the best we can.' He stared at his daughter. 'You look so much like your mother.'
'I'll take your word for that. I never met her.'
'She held you for just a few minutes before she died. I was a mess. Overjoyed at your birth and distraught holding your mother's hand as she slipped away. But I remember the look on her face, in her eyes. She was in such terrible pain, but she was smiling at you. She had to endure that pain so you could be born. Then she kissed you, smiled at me and she was gone.'
Fawn went to her father's side. 'Dad.'
He stroked his daughter's hair, 'And now I feel like I'm losing you, going off to live on Mars.'
'Dad. You'll never lose me. Besides. I intend to be hauling freight for two or three years. I'll be catching up with you here, like we are now.'
He smiled at her. 'She would have been so proud of you, as am I.'
'Thanks, Dad.'


Chapter 26

It was full on, on Moon. The new ship was still being prepared, the pods of marsillium being loaded in anticipation of the technicians having the computers ready for the launch date.  At the same time, Cragg's old ship was broken up for spare parts and Fawn Dillow was showing Craggy her brand new freighter.
'Isn't she gorgeous?'
The ship was a thing of beauty. It brought it home to Craggy just how ancient his old ship had been. The deck was light and airy and well thought out. 
Craggy hardly recognised the controls. 'You know how all this works?'
'I had plenty of simulation training so it's all familiar to me. I'm booked in for a test flight in a day or so. Care to come with me?'
Cragg was surprised at the invitation. 'Me?'
'I need a copilot by law. Of course, I thought of you. Just round the Moon a couple of times. I know I've had a few hours in the simulator but there's nothing like the real thing.'
'I'd be honoured to go with you. Thank you.'
Dillow said, 'If the test flight pans out, the ship gets to take the new designed pods to Mars. I'll miss you, Craggy.'
'You'll be fine.'
'I told Dad about me wanting to live on Mars.'
'Was he cool about it?'
Dillow shrugged. 'He knows it's for the best.'
'That's not what I asked.'
'I told him I'd be hauling freight for a few years, so I'd still see him.'
'Make sure you do.'
* * *
'Look,' said Cragg. 'I know technically, I'm your designated copilot, just don't actually expect me to be able to fly this gizmo, okay?'
Dillow chuckled. 'Sit down and buckle up.'
'Yes, captain.'
'Captain Fawn Dillow, requesting flight clearance.'
'Clear to go, captain.'
'Thanks, Carlos.'
'Shouldn't you fire up the thrusters?'
'Just did. Quiet, yeah?'
'Shit. I thought I'd gone deaf in my old age.'
The new ship was as smooth as it was quiet. Craggy watched mesmerised as Dillow's fingers flew over the consul. They were all touch-less controls, responding to her gentle hand movements. Many of the controls weren't even identified. Dillow just knew after minimum training, what and where they were. 
He used to think he had a symbiotic relationship with his old ship, but this was the melding of machine and human. Dillow was one with her ship. He sat back to enjoy the test ride. Dillow activated the heat shield five times, and it opened and retracted perfectly, ensuring entry through the Martian atmosphere would be trouble free. 
When they landed and Dillow shut down, Craggy said, 'That was great.'
Dillow hugged him and kissed his cheek. 'Want me to bring you beer back from Mars?'
'You damn well better do.'


Chapter 27

'Are you absolutely damn sure, Stella?'
'Commander Forbes. We have given the computer systems a one hundred hour workout. And that was after ironing out bugs.'
'Right. I'll have her winched up the launching slope. We launch on time. Noon tomorrow.'
At noon the next day, Stella was there at the slope, along with half the Moon Base personnel, a kilometre back behind the safety barriers. The seconds were counted down. With five to go, the plasma engines fired up. They built up power and on zero, the locks let go. It flew down the slope, then up the other side, to go free like some dove of peace. As the crowd cheered and the ship became a white blip out in space, Forbes wished it was a huge beautiful bird of peace. The Earth sure needed one.
'So far so good, Stella.'
'A long way to go yet, Commander. '
'Yeah. Oh. Dillow. Are you ready for your lift off tomorrow?'
Fawn Dillow said, 'Yes. Sir. Can't wait to get going.'
'The pods should be all lined up ready by now. The new designed couplings should prevent a re-occurrence of your last problems.'
'I still need a copilot.'
Forbes said, 'We've a rookie for you. He's just finished basic training.'
'Is he any good?'
'If he isn't, you can make him good.'
'I'll do what I can, Sir.'


Chapter 28

Earth, inside Westmont City, the West.
Chief scientific advisor, Marlon Pinkard said, 'The marsillium is on its way from Moon, Sir.'
The man who spoke was thin; gaunt looking. The man he spoke to, was also thin. In a world of famine and drought, it didn't pay to be a leader and look fat. The starving wouldn't appreciate it.
'It's all a bit too late, Pinkard.' said West President Fargo Wells.
'Sir. We had no idea of the way we could use marsillium until recently.'
Wells shook his head and sighed. 'I meant too late by decades. It's all over, Pinkard. We both know it.'
'Sir...'
'I'm tired. Like the planet. Tired and dying. The streets outside are full of dead people. Nobody bothers to clean them up anymore.'
Pinkard was well aware of how bad things were outside the sanctuary of the city protected by the extinct volcano. There was little he could do about it. 'So the marsillium? Do we use it?'
Wells buried his head in his hands. He was sick. Sick of waking up each day; president of death and disease. 'Yes. Why the hell not.'
* * *
The computer controlled ship hummed like a bird. It had a seat to fit a human, but it needed no human sitting in it. It was a two and a half day flight to Earth. It could have done it in half the time, but Forbes had insisted in using half power. Nice and easy does it for this first time. I'd rather it get there and back in one piece than break any speed records, he'd said.
It started on its slow orbit around the Earth, out of sight from Moon. Inside, the computer controls turned on and off, the soulless pilot not feeling the journey; the empty seat a travesty of a vital component missing from the whole.
It was a one off, to some an abomination, a billion dollar bird taking a payload to a dying planet. It circled like a bird of prey, hungry, looking for something to kill and consume. One more circumnavigation and it would strike.


Chapter 29

'Of course it's safe,' said Angus.
Fawn Dillow stared at the hirsute Angus, buried in a bush of red hair filling up much of his helmet, and then back at the cradle. Most of it had been rebuilt. The wrecked tug, grabber and pod had been completely removed. Nothing went to waste on Moon, and every part of the tug and grabber had been stripped to be reused and recycled. 
The four pods to take to Mars were already on the cradle. She could see the new connecting arrangement to link the pods in the train. It looked well designed and solidly built; impossible for a wayward stone to become trapped and cause havoc. A young man in a spotless suit, helmet so shiny it hurt the eyes, nervously walked up to them. When he saluted, Dillow almost burst out laughing.
'Rocky Ramshorn, reporting for duty.'
'At ease, Ramshorn,' said Dillow, keeping her face straight.
'I'll leave you two to become acquainted,' said Angus with a good luck wink at Dillow, and then he walked away.
Dillow studied the rookie. He was tall; slightly taller than she was. He looked as if he had endeavoured to add muscle to a naturally lean frame, and not quite succeeded. She put the serious expression down to his nervousness at finally being able to put his intensive training to good use. 
'So. Ramshorn. Completed your basic training.'
'Yes, Captain. Top of my class.'
'Score in the simulator?'
'A ninety two average,' said the rookie, proudly.
'Excellent.' She had only managed an eighty five average. She would keep that to herself.
Ramshorn was staring at the pods. 'Any idea what's in them?'
'Not a clue. Does it matter?'
'I guess not. Where's the ship?'
'Having a final check over. We'll fly her over to pick up the pods in the morning. Can you cook?'
It wasn't a question he was expecting. 'I live alone, so I have to cook. Can't live just on Base cooking.'
'So true. How old are you, Ramshorn?'
'Nearly twenty.'
'How nearly?'
'Err. I was nineteen three months ago.'
'Close enough.' Dillow already felt like the kid's big sister. Jeez. She wasn't far off being old enough to be the rookie's mother. 'Excited?'
'Are you kidding me? A trip to Mars?'
'It can get a little tedious, you know?'
Ramshorn stared at Dillow in disbelief. The old ship had recorded the adventure of Dillow and Craggy saving the pods and ship, and that was now used as part of the training. With a brand new freighter, how could a trip to Mars be anything but exciting?
 

Chapter  30

Space Security Commander Lance Dillow sat with a fixed expression at his ship's computers. The ship was still on its pad on Moon. He was with his top technical officer, Wendy Breeze. She was an attractive but dumpy brown-haired girl in her early twenties, and a wizz in the world of surveillance.  
'Lance. What we're doing is possibly illegal.'
'I'll take possibly over definitely. Breezy. You heard some of the stuff we picked up on in Earth orbit. The solar storms prevented us getting the full picture, but what we did hear, wasn't good.'
'I could get in serious trouble, spying on Westmont.'
Dillow said, 'Who with? I'm your boss, so not me. The Earth? They're too busy dying down there. Besides, I believe this falls under my jurisdiction and I quote, to promote and maintain the security and safety of all people in space and on all established space bases.
'Nothing about Earth in that remit.'
'True. And I may be taking a few legal liberties, but in my view, if anything on Earth could be threatening the security and safety of the rest of us, I think we should know about it, don't you?'
'Okay. We're at the best position to listen in. Are you sure you want to eavesdrop on Fargo Wells himself?'
'In for a penny, in for a pound.'
'In for a what?'
'In for a...never mind. A really old Earth saying. Come on, Breezy. Work your magic.'
The entire wall was a screen. On the screen was a view of the Earth. The swirling familiar blue was not as it used to be. 
The oceans were still blue, though not as vibrant as before. The combination of overfishing, too many crude oil accidents, pollution, nuclear fallout, had all but destroyed it. The green of the rainforests was almost gone. Extensive deforestation had ruined the lungs of the planet beyond the point of recovery. The rainfall was unpredictable and uncontrollable. Where the mighty rivers once flowed, sad trickles barely made it to the sea.
Over ninety percent of the wildlife alive at the start of the twenty first century, had been wiped out near the end of that same century. And those supposed to be the guardians were determined to strangle the last breath from the world.
Breeze said, 'Think he'll be at Westmont?'
'Him and a few thousand mostly useless, worthless individuals who would have no idea what a hard days work meant.'
'Not on your best friends list, I take it. Getting through the mountain is impossible, which is why it was chosen in the first place.'
Westmont was the refuge for a select few thousand. It was inside and deep underneath an extinct volcano, safe from any type of attack, and self sufficient in food and water in the excavated caverns deep in the ground. Every morsel and drop was strictly rationed. All people were underweight, barely shells of what they should be. 
Children were prohibited to the number the city could support. The population was dwindling and becoming unsustainable. In the crater of the mountain were the communication dishes and a handful of satellites afforded unreliable communication between the West settlements. Those not considered good enough for the shelter of Westmont were mostly left to fend for themselves in patchy tribes, existing on their wits, often clashing in bloody battles with similar tribes of the East. 
It was those privileged ones in Westmont, Breeze homed in on. It was a garble of several messages going off at once. It took all of Breeze's digital dexterity to tune out what she didn't want.
'Let's try this one.'
Something crackled unpleasantly and a croaky voice was saying, '...eleven hours. Supposed to be without a pilot. Your priority is to get the marsillium here. We'll convert it.'
Another voice piped up. 'When does the old steelworks arrive?'
'Don't be stupid. There is no steelworks. They just think there is.'
'But I thought the idea was to supply them with a steelworks in exchange for the marsillium?'
'Not going to happen. Think about it. How the hell were we supposed to get a whole steelworks together? Those type of skills are all but gone.'
'They'll be more than a little annoyed with us when the empty ship returns.'
'And that's what I called about. President Wells and I are in accord. Get us the marsillium and your job is done. Disable the ship, not permanently; just enough so it won't take off. They'll assume some technical problem, so they won't know we conned them.'
'And if...then...I'll ...later.'
'Lost them,' said Breeze, fighting the controls.
'Sons of bitches,' growled Dillow. 'We've been robbed. You keep listening in. Make me a copy of that. I'm off to see Commander Forbes. He needs to know this.'


Chapter 31

Forbes listened to the recording three times without interruption. 'We've been stitched up. I knew things were bad, but not this bad.'
Lance Dillow said, 'I don't get this marsillium thing. What's that about? I'm no scientist, but I thought that stuff was just a fireproof material. Capable of withstanding incredible heat.'
'So did I. We've been experimenting on making even better spray on coatings with it. We have the latest version of it on that new ship.'
'You won't get that back, by the sound of it,' said Dillow, sourly. 
'That stinks. They clearly won't use it. They haven't the skills to turn it into a missile. If they were thinking of coming here in that ship, bringing their diseases, you have my blessing to blast them straight to hell. If the lying shits aren't supplying us that laser powered steelworks, they could at least do the decent thing and send the ship back to us.'
Lance Dillow was saying, 'I'd love to know what was really ...' when there came a knock on the office door.
'Enter,' said Forbes.
A breathless Wendy Breeze entered, her helmet under her arm. 'Commanders. Sorry to interrupt.'
'Out with it, Breezy,' said Forbes.
'The West plan to make a weapon out of the marsillium to wipe out the East, once and for all.'
'Idiots,' said Forbes. 'Marsillium isn't weapon material. A possible protection from attack with its heat resistant properties, but not as a weapon.'
'On its own, I agree, Sir. Even used as an extreme heat shield it's stable. But they've found when it mixes with something else, it's six times more powerful than equivalent hydrogen isotope weapons.'
Dillow said, 'Right. Wow. But it hasn't any radioactive properties.'
'That's the point,' said Breeze. 'It has incredible explosive properties, without any radioactive fall out. They can totally destroy the East cities, without poisoning the land. Then the West can take it over and free their people to grow enough food.'
Forbes said, 'Jeez. Any idea what they intend to mix the marsillium with?'
'Hydrogen isotope. That's not the weapon by itself, but a relatively small amount of the isotope in combination with the marsillium, when ignited with a small nuclear trigger, takes the marsillium beyond its equilibrium, at which point it becomes unstable and...boom. Big time.'
'Stay right here, Breezy. Take a seat,' said Forbes, before putting out an urgent call to Stella. They waited an anxious eleven minutes for her to get to the office. Forbes told her to sit before continuing.
'Is there a problem with the ship, Sir?'
'Not that we're aware of, Stella,' Forbes assured her. 'But we do have a problem. The West have found a way of turning marsillium into a weapon. We have to stop them. Can we get our ship back here, before it lands?'
Forbes, Dillow and Breeze were holding their collective breath. 
'Any idea where the ship is at the moment? Still the other side of Earth?'
'Yes,' said Dillow. 'Is that a problem?'
'One of many. It isn't a question of distance, but anything obstructing the signal, like a planet, will make controlling it from here impossible.'
Forbes said, 'By my reckoning, it should be coming from behind Earth in about eighty minutes. If you got a signal, can you change the course of the ship and get it back here?'
'In theory. We had limited success in our trials overriding the programmed commands. It was something we were going to sort out once the ship had returned. The ship performed at one hundred percent going through the original programming.'
'But we have a shot at it?' asked Forbes, hopefully.
'During the simulated trials there were instances when we just sent the ship spinning out of control. Because the ship is getting closer to the Earth's gravitational pull, any slight deviation from the programmed course, could send it crashing into the Earth.'
'Damn it,' snapped Forbes, slapping his desk with the palm of his hand. 'I want that ship back here, and in one piece.'
Dillow asked, 'Stella. Is there any other way?'
'Well...' said, Stella, 'No. Not possible.'
'Stella?' Dillow insisted.
'The ship has a manual override. Hence the seat. But we would have to have a pilot sitting in it.'
'Crap!' said Forbes.
Breeze chipped in. 'Sir. We have a fast freighter ready to go. Perhaps we could catch the ship with it. Take it over.'
'The Mars run freighter?' said Forbes.
Dillow said, 'Wait a minute. That's my daughter's ship.'
'Then we need to talk to your daughter,' said Forbes.


Chapter 32

'All set?'
'Yes, Captain Dillow.' said Rocky Ramshorn. Sitting in the freighter was a whole lot different to the simulator. At least the controls were the ones he was familiar with. 
'Rocky. This will be a very long flight if you keep calling me Captain Dillow. It's kinda traditional just to use last names. Dillow, Ramshorn.'
'I...I prefer Rocky.'
'I can see how you would. Dillow, Rocky. Or Ramshorn if you piss me off. Right. Time to get this bird over to the cradle for the pods.'
Dillow's hands waved mysteriously over the non touch controls. There was the slightest kick as the the plasma thrusters fired up. Smoothly and silently, the ship lifted off the grey moon dust. It was a short trip to the pad in front of the cradle. Angus guided her to the exact spot. The ramp swung out and Dillow and Ramshorn walked down it to meet Angus.
'You guys ready to do this?' said Angus. He was a formidable looking man in his forties. He had been born on Earth in Scotland, and although he had left Earth when he was seven, he proudly lived up to a stereotype of what he imagined a Scotsman should be like. His red hair was wild and unkempt, and somewhere under a dense undergrowth of hair, was a face. His accent was so heavily cultivated only his father could understand him completely. Everyone else took their best guess at anything he said.
Dillow said, 'Ready as you are.'
'Right. We have four pods. We have better locks now, but you still need to control them. As soon as the last pod is in place, you can go.'
'Okay.'
'Give me ten minutes to get in the grabber cab and we'll get going.'
'Thanks, Angus. See you in seven months time. '
They were about to go back up the ramp when a voice called out.
'Hey. Dillow. You wouldn't go off to Mars without saying goodbye, would you?'
'Craggy. You came to see me off?'
'Of course. Just wanted to wish you all the best. I'd have been here sooner, but I had my arm stuck down a bloody toilet S bend.'
'Glad we didn't shake hands.'
'Who is this?'
'Rocky Ramshorn. My copilot.'
'Damn. They're getting younger by the day. So, you're off to Mars, son?'
'Yes. Hey. You're the one who did all that space walking, to save the pods.'
'And now I'm a glorified toilet cleaner. Let that be a lesson to you.'
'Craggy. We really have to go.'
'Take her away, Dillow.'
'Hold your fire,' said Forbes, running towards them.
'Commander Forbes. Dad. Come to wave me off?'
'Not exactly, Fawn,' said Commander Dillow. 'We got big trouble.'
'Dad. I'm about to go to Mars.'
'Listen, Fawn. The ship going to Earth. We have to stop it.'
'Are you serious?'
Forbes said, 'Never more serious. The West have found a way to turn marsillium into a terrible weapon. They plan to eliminate the East.'
'My God. But what am I supposed to do about it?'
Forbes explained, 'The ship has a manual override. We need to put a pilot in it to take control of the ship.'
'Come on, Fawn,' said Lance Dillow. 'We have to go.'
'We?'
'I'm coming with you.'
'Are you a pilot now, Dad?'
'Well, no.'
'Sorry, Dad. You're not much use to me, then.'
'I'm a pilot,' said Rocky.
'Maybe in a few years,' said Fawn. 'I need a real pilot for this job.'
Forbes said, 'Fawn. We are out of time. We have to go after that ship.'
'Err, excuse me. I'm a real pilot.'
'Craggy!' they all shouted at once.
Cragg shrugged. 'I can always go clean more toilets if you want?'
Fawn said, 'Come on, Craggy. Let's go catch a ship.'


Chapter 33

'Hey. Anybody want these pods?'
'Sorry, Angus,' said Fawn Dillow. 'Been a change of plan. See you when I get back.'
Angus watched the blue plasma drives head off towards the Earth. 'Hey, Dillow. Mars is the other way. Women. No damned sense of direction.'
On the ship, Dillow was entering the revised coordinates into the computer. 'Cutting it fine. We have nine and a half hours to catch that ship, then it goes into Earth's atmosphere.'
'Do you have a plan?' asked Cragg.
Dillow said, 'Catch up with the ship, then one of us has to get on board, take over the manual controls and fly it back to the Moon.'
'Sounds easy when you put it like that.'
'Can I help?' asked Rocky.
'Can you cook?' asked Cragg.
'Why do I keep getting asked that?'
'Because we are hungry,' said Dillow. 'See what you can rustle up.'
'Ninety two average and I get to cook,' mumbled Rocky, shuffling away to the galley.
'What's up with the kid?' asked Cragg.
Dillow said, 'Wants to be a pilot.'
'How old is he, twelve?'
'Nearly twenty. I think he's started shaving. Stella. Calling Stella.'
'I'm here.'
'Stella. We're full bore here. Can we cut anything off the time?'
'Big Bird is on a clockwise orbit around the Earth. Take an anticlockwise path and that'll be the shortest distance.'
'I'll put it up on the screen. Don't go away, Stella.'
The massive screen had a clear shot of the Earth. No sign of the ship. 
'Okay. We are here, our target should be coming out there. That gives us the distance, factor in our top speed, factor in the target's speed, and I calculate the time as being eight hours, forty two minutes, eighteen seconds. Stella?'
'I have the same numbers. We now have eight hours, fifty six minutes before the ship starts its entry into Earth's orbit.'
Cragg shared a look with Dillow and said, 'It wouldn't be any fun if it were too easy.'
Dillow said, 'I got just one question?'
'Yeah?'
'Where's that damn food?'


Chapter 34

The West didn't have everything all their own way. The East knew they had a lot to protect, and their own surveillance had also picked up on their enemies plans. They were not the types to roll over and let the West have the upper hand for too long. Attacking the West was considered, and promptly dismissed. 
The planet was hanging by a frayed thread so kicking it while it was down was self defeating. The immediate problem was a dirty great ship from the Moon with a payload the West intended to transform into a weapon powerful enough to destroy half the planet. The Eastern half.
Tim Lin Lee, Principal of the East, drove the vehicle along what had once been an excellent highway, now barely passable with the burnt out wrecks liberally scattered along it. This was one area where jungle had defied the odds and not only survived, but flourished; roots of deformed trees breaking up the tar-seal in places, adding to the hazardous journey. Tim Lin Lee, had taken over the job as the Principal of the East, inherited from his late father. He had been passed a poison chalice, and was stuck with it.
He had tried to mend bridges with the West; to salvage what they could between them. The West didn't even trust themselves, so there was no chance of any lasting peace with the East. Resigned to that, the East under his leadership, made what progress they could. Their surveillance of Westmont had revealed the latest threat from the West and he was determined to thwart it.
So as not to set off alarm bells in the paranoid Westmont politicians, Lee drove himself, unescorted, towards the missile base, hidden in a valley at the foot of a range of mountains. Around him, he sensed that eyes were watching him, tribes that thought their best chance of survival was to keep away from the main centres, existing any way they could. It wouldn't pay to breakdown here.
Eventually, he reached the turn-off to the rough trail that led to the missile base. A large woman in a patched up military uniform, her boots held together with tape, stood to attention as Lee parked, and saluted. Lee got out of the vehicle and returned the salute.
'At ease, Commandant Tzu. I have something for you.' 
From the rear seat of the vehicle, he picked up a parcel and handed it to Tzu. Tzu opened it, and found the new uniform and boots. Boots! She was close to tears.
'All new. Your size?'
'My size. Thank you, Principal Lee.'
'You are most welcome.'
Tzu relaxed, ready to give the Principal of the East the guided tour. Behind her, a highly polished missile stood ready for action. Lee took off his cap and ran a handkerchief over his bald head and pointed at the missile.
'Just how old is that thing?'
'Less than forty years old,' said Military Missile Commandant Din Tee Tzu, proudly. 'Your father commissioned it.' She took her position seriously and with a zero budget, ancient equipment, unqualified personnel, performed minor miracles on a daily basis.
'How many missiles do we have?'
'You're looking at it.'
Lee said, 'Right,' hiding his disappointment. 'Dare I ask, will it go?'
'Will it go? Will it go?'
'Will it go?'
'It will go.'
'But,' said Tim Lin Lee. 'Can we control where it goes?' 
'It is heat seeking. Follow me, Sir,' said Tzu. 
It was a reinforced concrete bunker she led him into which had a bank of computers with two school children playing some old three dimensional holographic game, squealing as wart infested gremlins decapitated each other. Tzu turned their game off which got howls of teenage protestations.
'And these children are...?' Lee asked.
'Mine. Amy and Danny.'
Lee looked around the bunker. 'Where are the technicians?'
'Here. Amy and Danny.'
Lee frowned at Tzu. 'Where are the real technicians?'
With a waggle of her finger, she called Lee outside. 'Sir. I have had no technicians for three years. They died of the plague.'
Lee, singularly unimpressed, folded his arms and demanded, 'Why wasn't I informed?'
'I did inform you. Three years ago. Two years ago, one year ago, six months ago, last week...'
'I get the message.'
'Apparently not.'
'So. Who fires the missile?'
Tzu pointed at the bunker. 'My kids. Very good on computers.'
Lee checked the time. 'We have...seven hours and forty three minutes. We need to destroy that ship before the West destroys us. All of us.'
'Let's ask the kids. Be nice.'
Lee sighed and shook his head, forced a smile and followed Tzu back in the bunker.
'Amy. Danny. This nice man is the Principal. He wants...Amy. Get rid of the gum, please. Thank you. Principal Lee wants you to shoot down that big ship up there.'
Amy and Danny looked at each other, then at Lee. 'Do we get paid?' asked Amy.
'Paid? Paid? I am Prin...'
'Principal Lee,' said Danny. 'Yeah. Got that. I like your hat.'
'Give him your hat,' whispered Tzu.
Lee went puce. 'What?'
'Give him your damn hat. And smile.'
Lee smiled and graciously handed the boy his hat. Danny put it on, but backwards. Amy held her hand out.
Lee looked at Tzu and gestured what now?
'Amy?'
'I like his watch.'
'Give her your watch.'
'Excuse me?' gasped Lee. 'This watch belonged to my great grandfather.'
'Give her the damn watch.'
Lee took off his precious gold watch, the one promised to his own son, and gave it to Amy.
'Now. Will you shoot the damn ship?'
Both kids shrugged.
'Please?'
'Yeah, okay.'
Lee bowed. 'Thank you. Good luck.'
The kids weren't listening. They were busy arguing over who was to launch the missile.
'I gotta go,' said Lee.
'Sir. You should stay in the bunker.'
'No, no and no.'
Lee stormed off to the car he had driven there himself, unescorted, his heart now sinking, knowing the future of the planet rested in the sticky hands of two insolent teenagers. Fifty yards from the car, he heard a disturbing rumbling sound. A glance over his shoulder told him the missile was about to launch. Disturbing clouds of smoke bellowed from the bottom of it followed by snaking flames. 
He started running. FAST! He was trying to outrun flames, not keen on being flambed, racing past the car with the flames in hot pursuit, and he dived into the surrounding bushes head first. The car exploded flying fifteen feet into the air, and Lee, his hair full of leaves and twigs, poked his head above the undergrowth. The missile was roaring away into the sky.
Lee spat out a mouthful of dirt. 'Shit!'


Chapter 35

'Not a bad cook, young Rocky,' said Cragg, wiping his chin.
'Very nicely cooked fish,' said Dillow.
'Thanks,' said Rocky. 'How much longer until we reach the ship?'
'Three hours, seventeen minutes,' said Cragg.
Rocky said, 'So shouldn't we be making plans?'
'Plans?' said Cragg. 'Don't need one. We get close as we can to the ship, I go over, go inside, take over the ship, and fly her to the Moon.'
'You fly the ship back?' gasped Rocky, shocked.
'Of course I do. I mean, Dillow here, has to fly this one, so I have to fly the other one. Hardly rocket science. Well, actually, I suppose it is rocket science.'
'Sir. With respect, I should fly the other ship to the Moon.'
Cragg sighed. 'Rocky, Rocky, Rocky. Don't take offence, but this is a job for an experienced pilot.'
'And you, Sir, please don't take offence, but haven't you been retired as a pilot?'
Dillow said, 'He does have a point, Craggy.'
'He most certainly does not. Rocky. Have you actually ever flown a ship?'
'Well, I did score a ninety two average in the simulator.'
'Sim...bloody simulator? That is not a damn ship.'
'But I do have a pilots licence, unlike you.'
'Provisional licence,' Dillow reminded him. 'You only get your full tickets if I sign you off.'
Rocky said, 'I'd say a provisional licence trumps no licence at all.'
'He does have a point, Craggy.'
'He does not have a point. I've been piloting ships for more than fifty years.'
'Exactly,' said Rocky. 'That ship is a brand new, state of the art ship. I've been trained in all its technology, where as...'
'I used to fly coal fired ships I suppose. Steered by the stars, no doubt. Put my hand out the window to tell the wind direction.'
Dillow snapped, 'Craggy...'
Cragg continued unabated. 'And what about space walks? How many of those have you done?'
'Five.'
'Actually in space?'
'Well, not actually in space.'
Cragg stood up and glowered at Rocky. 'Then you have never walked in space.'
'Oi, you two,' snapped Dillow. 'Pull your heads in or I'll have you both space walking, but without safety lines.' 
Cragg sat back down, folded his arms and sulked as Rocky stormed off to the galley.


Chapter 36

'Exactly fifty minutes until we meet up with the ship,' said Dillow.
Cragg got up, stretched and yawned. 'I'm off to bed. Goodnight, Dillow.'
'Craggy?'
'What? I can't fly this bird, and you and boy wonder made it abundantly clear the only rockets an old fart like me can fly are the ones you light the blue touch paper on. Wake me up when it's all over.'
'Craggy.'
'It's okay. I'll only be in the way. I'm sure you two can handle it.'
'Stella to Dillow. Stella to Dillow.'
'Come in, Stella.'
'Got some bad news. There's been a missile launch on Earth.'
'Shit,' said Cragg.
'Are they back at war?' Dillow asked.
'No, Dillow. At first we thought it was a misfire, but it's tracking our Big Bird.'
'Stella. You said there's a missile tracking Big Bird? Confirm, please.'
'Confirmed, Dillow. It's following the ship, but gradually gaining on it. Estimated time of impact, sixty seven minutes.'
Cragg sat back down. 'Seventeen minutes, Fawn. We have a window of seventeen bloody minutes between reaching the ship and the missile hitting it.'
'Sounds about right.'
'You still think this is a job for Rocky?'
Dillow said, 'Maybe him being younger he will be a bit quicker than you. Maybe...'
'Maybe he'll get himself blown to kingdom come.' Cragg took hold of her hand. 'Fawn. I'm eighty four. I've had my time. If I snuff it, no big deal. Keep the boy out of harms way, yeah?'
Dillow said, 'I can't make a decision like that.'
'Fawn. You're the captain here. This is what captains do.'


Chapter 37

Cragg kicked off. 'Rocky. Come on. Take a seat.'
'How long have we got?'
'Not long. The captain and I have been talking things over. There's been a bit of a development. It kind of changes things a little.'
Rocky sat down between Dillow and Cragg. 'Go on.'
Cragg told him, 'It seems somebody on Earth decided to launch a missile at Big Bird.'
Rocky looked at Dillow, who merely nodded. 'When does it hit?'
Cragg said, 'We'll get about seventeen minutes to take over the ship.'
'That,' said Rocky, 'is not a lot of minutes.'
'Agreed,' said Cragg. 'So, this is the plan. I space walk over to the ship. I'll be able to concentrate better, knowing you are looking after Dillow, here, right?'
'But...'
'Hear me out. I get over to the ship. You are the back up plan. If I'm struggling, you come over and show me how it's done, I'll step out of the way. Fair enough?'
'But...'
Dillow stepped in. 'Rocky. I'm relying on you. I need you with me.'
'Okay. I guess that's a plan.'


Chapter 38

Lance Dillow, Anton Forbes, Wendy Breeze and Stella were watching the screen in Dillow's ship, the Eye.
Dillow said, 'Craggy's going to try to take over the ship?'
Breeze said, 'That's what Fawn said. I think they're trying to keep the boy safe.'
Forbes said, 'She has to get her ship away from the target ship. If that missile's nuclear and they're too close...'
'My daughter wouldn't do that,' growled Dillow.
Forbes said, 'Craggy's been round the block a few times. He'll tell her to do just that. He'll tell her to get the hell out of the way.'
Dillow stood up and paced like a tiger, a long extinct tiger. 'I hate not being able to do anything.'
'We all do, Lance,' said Forbes.
'Look,' said Breeze. 'I see the freighter.'
Dillow spun around. 'Fawn?'
'Yes,' said Breeze. 'I'll zoom in.'
The Earth filled the screen. The twin blue plasma thrusters from the freighter, glowing like mad wild flowers in a black garden.
'Any sign of the Big Bird?' asked Forbes.
'Not yet. We should see it in a couple of minutes.'
'Seven minutes and they should be by the ship,' said Stella.
'There it is,' said Dillow. 'See it?'
'Yes,' said Forbes. 'Zoom in, Breezy.'
Breeze zoomed in so she had a clear view of both ships. The freighter looked tiny next to Big Bird. They watched as Fawn did a smooth U turn to be in the same direction as the target ship. She moved in, matching the speed at the same time. For a second, it looked as if they were going to collide, but they missed. They were side by side, and the seconds were flashing by.
'The airlock's opening,' said Stella. She zoomed in closer and they could see the suited Cragg leap out of the airlock, the safety line trailing behind him.
'That is one brave old coot,' said Dillow.
'He always was,' said Forbes.
'Easy, Fawn,' said Dillow.
The ships were matching speeds with minutes to go before the missile was to catch up with them. They watched the tiny figure floating in space, the thin line securing him to the ship. It took two painfully slow minutes for Cragg to reach the hatch of the big ship. He wiped his gloved hand across the locking sensor. Nothing happened, and they could imagine a frustrated Craggy, swearing at the hatch, demanding that it opened. He tried again and on the third attempt, the hatch opened. Cragg unhooked the safety line and climbed inside. The hatch closed up, locking him in the ship.
'Go, Craggy, go,' said Forbes.
'Look,' said Stella. 'The missile.'
'Why isn't Fawn getting the hell out of the way?' said Forbes.
'I told you. She's my daughter. She won't leave Craggy.'
'That missile's closing in,' said Breeze. 'Come on, Craggy.'
Forbes called Fawn. 'Fawn. That missile's on your tail. Get your ship out of the way.'
'No way. We're in this together. That's right, isn't it Dad?'
'Your call.'
'Yeah, like you'd ever leave an officer of yours to slug it out on their own. Craggy's my friend. He would never leave me, I'm not leaving him.'
Stella said, 'Does Craggy know what he's doing?'
'You explained the procedure to him before he jumped over. If anyone can do it, Craggy can.'
'Four minutes until missile impact,' said Breeze.
'Come on, Craggy,' yelled Dillow.

 
Chapter 39
 
Cragg stared at the array of lights, sensors and things he couldn't even put a name too. Not normally a man of a nervous disposition, it started to concern him that he was sitting in ship with a missile with his name on it, about to do away with his problem of early retirement.
'Stella?'
'Here, Craggy. See a pale red sensor right at the top?'
'Got it.'
'Take your gloves off. Now, wave your palm over the sensor, about two centimetres from it.'
'Which hand. Left or right?'
'Either.'
Being right handed, that was the one he waved over the red sensor. Nothing happened.
'Stella?'
'Again, Craggy.'
With a silent prayer to the god of all astronauts, Cragg tried again. Success.
'Gone green.'
'You now have control.'
'Music to my ears. Now which one of these is the gas pedal.'
'Craggy?'
'Which is the go faster button?'
Stella said, 'There's a long narrow sensor right along the bottom.'
'Got it. It's got a red bit at the left hand side.'
Breeze said, 'Two minutes to missile impact.'
'Thanks for that little reminder, Breezy,' said Cragg.
Stella said, 'Palm of your hand, left to right.'
Cragg did as he was told. He couldn't get the sensor to respond and after much frantic gesticulation, the sensor things happened. The ship slowed down instead of speeding up.
'Oops!'
'Craggy...'
'I know, I know.'
'Hurry up, Craggy,' said Forbes.
'Keep your wig on. Here we go.'
Forbes and the others stared at the screen as the ancient missile ate up the precious distance. Suddenly, there was neck jolting acceleration and Craggy said, 'Whooowowoo.'
Forbes yelled, 'Fawn. Get the hell away. NOW!'
She didn't need telling twice. With a scary turn of speed, she was away in the opposite direction to Cragg. It was anyone's guess which ship the missile would follow. It wasn't anything personal, but it chose Cragg.
 

Chapter 40

'I'm going to follow Craggy from a distance,' said Fawn.
She followed Cragg and the persistent missile from a safe distance but something didn't look right.
'Craggy. You're heading for Earth.'
'No shit. Stella. Where's the steering wheel?'
'See a ring shaped sensor in the middle?'
'Yep. I can take it from here.'
'Craggy, Before...'
The big ship did a loop-de-loop not recommended in any training manual. Not to be outdone, the missile did the same. Out of the loop, Cragg lost control, and put the ship in a spin. His desperate waving at the sensors, any sensors, had the observers staring open mouthed as the ship missed a dead satellite by a hairs breadth. Missing that was one thing, but he was still heading for Earth.
Fawn yelled, 'Craggy. Pull away from there.'
'Good idea. Wish I'd thought of it myself.'
A wrong turn and Cragg was still hurtling down to Earth. The enticing gravitational pull wasn't helping. Six people yelling advice at the same time was doing strange things to Cragg's mind. It had been a very long time since he had taken any ship into Earth's atmosphere. He remembered it involved lots of heat, precisely calculated trajectories, slow speed, and something really important.
'Must not crash. Any brakes on this bus?'
Stella yelled, 'Long sensor right hand side. The other right, Craggy.'
'Glad we clarified that.'
At a blinding speed, hurtling to the ground with a missile still on his tail, Cragg didn't fancy his chances of surviving this one.
'If I don't make it, will somebody feed my goldfish?'
'You don't have a goldfish,' said Forbes.
'So buy me a bloody goldfish.'
The ship started to level off, but at the speed he was moving, it looked like being a hard landing. The ship skimmed the ground cutting a swathe through some rare patch of forest. The tenacious missile, glowing an ominous orange from the heat, was closing in again. As the ground gave way to ocean, Craggy contemplated trying for a soft landing in the water. Before he could decide, he was back over land.
'Time to get out of here.'
Then he saw something familiar. Westmont. The volcanic capitol of the West. The very people responsible for his present predicament and not top of his greeting card list, lived there. An idea formed in his mind. It required split second timing and consummate piloting skills, but Cragg went for the seat of the pants, blind faith and sheer luck option, instead.
'Bye, bye.'
At the second before crashing into Westmont became inevitable, a flick of both wrists and the ship did a subtle left banking manoeuvre with an upward blast from the plasma thrusters. The missile didn't quite make it. All Forbes and the others saw was the explosion on the side of Westmont.
'Oh, Craggy,' gasped Stella.
Lance Dillow placed a comforting arm around her. 'He was one hell of a guy.'
Forbes added, 'He went out doing what he loved the most.'
Fawn Dillow held her head in her hands, letting the tears flow.
Rocky said, 'I should have been the one to go.'
Dillow looked up at him. This boy. A ninety two average. In the simulator. Even if he could grow whiskers, she would never have sent him out there. It was a job only a real man like Craggy could even try to tackle. She looked at the screen and could see the black smoke making it look for all the world as if the dead volcano had suddenly come to life.
 

Chapter 41

Cragg was still demanding some kind of cooperation from the unfamiliar controls.
'Another couple of years at this, I might just get the hang of it.'
The Earth disappeared below him, and the ship took to the heavens, keen to leave hell behind. He carried no guilt for slamming the missile into the mountain. At best it would create a little confusion and maybe give the inhabitants headaches. It was all about sticking them with the middle finger salute. All he had to do now, was to make it home in one piece.
'Hi. Anyone around to help an old man across the road?'
A chorus of Craggy made his ears ring.
'What? You didn't think I would make it or something?'
'I never doubted it for a second,' said Fawn Dillow.
'Bloody liar. To be honest, I'm kinda lost. If I circle the Earth, think you can find me?'
'See if you can get yourself Moonside.'
'Any indicators on this thing?'
'Just do it.'
Cragg slowed things right down, and on what he admitted to himself was an untidy flight, got the big ship Moonside. His heart sank when he didn't see the freighter anywhere. He had survived by a wing and a prayer, and he didn't fancy pushing his luck. He needed help.
'Craggy here. Anybody home?'
'We see you, Craggy,' said Fawn Dillow. 'Just try to cruise and we'll be right with you.'
'Cruising.'
The small screen was an add on, supposedly unnecessary on what was intended to be a pilot-less ship. It didn't afford much of a view from the cramped flight-deck. He didn't have to wait long before he saw the freighter loom into his line of vision.
'Hi, Craggy.'
'Hi. Nice to see you again. Take it nice and slow and I'll follow you home.'
'No you won't,' said Dillow. 'You are out of there and Rocky's taking over.'
'He is?'
'I am,' said Rocky. 'You've done a fantastic job, Craggy, but I know those controls. I don't think you are quite ready to land that ship in one piece.'
'That makes perfect sense, Rocky. Come on over.'
Dillow lined up the two ships and matched speeds. Cragg saw the freighter airlock open and rookie Rocky Ramshorn standing on the edge. He dived off into space for his first ever space walk. The safety line trailed behind him as he crossed the gap between the ships. As he approached, Cragg opened the airlock hatch and with much relief, prised himself out of the seat. Hanging outside onto the side of the hatch, he waited for Rocky to reach him, stretched out his arm and grabbed the slack line and reeled the rookie in.
'I warmed the seat up for you.'
'Thanks. Now it's my turn.'
Rocky undid the line and Cragg hooked himself to it. The young man with a ninety two average and something to prove, climbed inside the ship and as the hatch closed up, Cragg said good luck to him. Cragg made his way to the open airlock of the freighter, closed the outer door, unhooked the line and entered the ship.
'Come here and let me kiss you,' said Dillow.
'Hold that thought. I have to go somewhere in a hurry. They really need to fit an en-suite in that new ship.'
Dillow laughed as Cragg made his way to an urgent appointment in the wash-room. Fifteen minutes later, Cragg returned for his kiss. He got a hug and a kiss on each cheek from Fawn Dillow.
'Nice,' said Cragg. 'Mind if we go home now?'
As they buckled up, Dillow called Rocky. 'Ready, Rocky?'
'As I'll ever be. Ladies first.'
'I hope he wasn't referring to me,' said Cragg.
'Let's go home,' said Dillow.

Chapter 42

Forbes said, 'Lance. Which do you think is the best option to fly a brand new multi billion dollar ship. A pilot of nearly fifty years experience who hasn't a clue of the latest technology, or a rookie who knows the tech stuff inside out, who has never flown solo in his life?'
'Pity we couldn't put the two in a blender and come up with something special.'
'You must be so proud of Fawn,' said Stella.
'I always was. Just make sure they come home.'
* * *
It was a slow flight home, Dillow allowing Rocky maximum time to get used to flying solo. Speed was not of the essence. Dillow had one eye on the controls, and one eye on the huge ship behind her.
'You are quite something,' she told Cragg.
'I met my match with those controls.'
'You could learn if you wanted to.'
Cragg shook his head. 'Out there, no idea what I was doing, I finally realised. You and Rocky. You're the here and now and the future.'
'No regrets?'
'Regrets? I have a few. Then again, too few to mention. He's a good kid.'
'Rocky? Looks like I get to be his step mother for a couple of years.'
'Like I'm your step dad? I know you have an awesome real father, but I always thought of me as another father figure to you.'
'Do you have kids?'
Cragg looked away. 'Once.'
'Tell me about it. We have time. I'd like to know.'


Chapter 43

'It was a very long time ago. Everything is, with me. His name was Leo.' Cragg drifted away to another time and another place. 'Curly dark brown hair, sparkling brown eyes. He had the cheekiest grin. Leo would have been about your age had he lived. Things on Earth were so much different, then. So many billions of people, it was impossible to know quite how many there were. Life was a struggle, but we had adapted. That's what humans do. Adapt.' Craggy smiled. 'You know something? I had a garden.'
'No way.'
'True as I'm sitting here. Almost six feet square. We grew tomatoes.'
'We?'
'Maria and I. My wife. She was the one good with the plants. But it seemed every time I stepped out the door, another hundred story apartment block had grown up overnight. I was lucky. I was a freighter pilot, getting home for a couple of months each year. I could leave it all behind and not see it. I'd see stars, planets. My wife and son couldn't even see the sky. Only one child per couple was allowed.
Leo was a bright kid, always playing and laughing. As he grew up, I wanted Leo to be a freighter pilot like me. Get away from the rat race. But things were a lot different back then. The Moon only had a small settlement on it. It was a more miserable place than even now. Mars was nothing like it is now, just a bunch of small domes. Man, they had it tough back then. Pottsy was one of the first to call the dump home.
Maria knew all that, and did all she could to persuade Leo to keep out of it. Boy did we have a few fights over that. Maria and I drifted apart. Understandable. I mean, I was never home. I just made sure they were provided for. But, in late twenty seventy six, I had a talk with Leo on a vidcam. He said things were getting bad on Earth. Talk of a fourth world war. He said he wanted to train as a freighter pilot and he'd talked his mother round. 
Because the Moon could only take a few each year, it was almost impossible to get a foot in the door. You can imagine the number of people wanting to escape Earth and make a fresh start. I pulled a whole bunch of strings and got him a place. He was due to come over in March of seventy seven.'
'The hydrogen war was in February.'
Cragg looked away from Dillow. 'One lousy month. I was on the Moon and we could see the missiles tearing the Earth apart. We all stood and watched it like it was some kind of firework display. One after the other, boom, boom. We could see the missiles landing, the flashes, the mushroom clouds.  It lasted less than three days. Then it stopped. We ...none of us, could speak. We were numb. All of us had lost...' Cragg's chin wobbled and he wiped away a few tears as the horrors flooded his mind.
Dillow said, 'I stood with my dad and all the others, watching it happen. I'd never seen him cry before, or since.'
'We all cried. Leo was four months off his eighteenth birthday.' To have to stand and watch helplessly, knowing that his family, his wife and son, had been wiped out, and being unable even to say goodbye to them, was a pain that never went away. Dillow held his arm. She said nothing but like him, she had suffered the same way. Mere words had no meaning. She understood what he went through; what they still went through.
Cragg took a deep breath, forced a smile and looked at her. 'Leo would have really fancied you. Who knows. If he had managed to come over...'
'Who knows. If he was a chip off the old block, I'm sure I would have liked Leo, too.'


Chapter 44

In theory, it was simple. All the nineteen year old first time, unqualified solo pilot, flying a multi billion dollar ship had to do was land on a narrow runway that looked like a half finished theme park ride. But with the certificate over his bed proudly displaying the ninety two point average (simulator), Rocky Ramshorn knew all about theory. 
Everyone on Moon Base was lined up behind the safety barrier, watching the two ships flying in ever decreasing circles, coming ever closer to landing.
'Take your time, Rocky,' said Cragg. 'Only go when you are ready.'
'Thanks, Craggy. I could do without the audience down there.'
'Ignore them. Every emergency vehicle on Moon is ready to help if need be. You won't need them, because you'll do this perfectly.'
'Going for one more orbit, then I'm setting her down.'
'Good luck,' said Dillow.
'Thanks.'
Rocky Ramshorn felt hundreds of pairs of eyes boring holes into him. Then he realised, if he were down there and some other rookie, perhaps one of his classmates, was about to do something this wild, he'd be the one with dropped jaw and eyes on stalks.
Classmates. He thought of Amethyst Bouquet. She was in the year before him. Perfect, petite, sassy, teasing, and probably the most wonderful girl in the entire Universe. A pity she didn't like him. Always called him Sheepshorn, or Goatshorn. Giggled at him when she was with the other girls.
He never stuttered, but anytime he was brave enough to talk to her, he stuttered like crazy. He wondered what it would be like to kiss her. She had a wide mouth, perhaps too generous for her small face. She always looked as if she were smiling, which she never seemed to do when looking at him.
He was running out excuses. He had to land. 'Coming in,' he said.
'Approach from the side, not from above,' said Cragg. 'You'll get a better view.'
'Okay. I see the launch ramp. Opening landing thrusters.'
'One half landing thrusters,' said Dillow.
'Going one half thrust. I'm going right of the ramp, away from the spectators.'
The landing thrusters blew a storm of grey dust away. 'Going to one quarter landing thrusters.' Rocky took the ship to the right of the launch ramp.
'Rocky. This is Stella. There are direction sensors on the bottom of the ship. They line up with sensors on individual frequencies on the launch ramp. As they line up, they will bleep. The closer you get them lined up, the faster they'll bleep, until a continuous sound when bang on. You turn on the sensors with the yellow button, far top right on the consul.'
'Got that. Turning on sensors now.'
With his light touch with the controls, he manoeuvred the ship above the horizontal part of the ramp. He could hear the bleep bleep of the sensors. Forwards, they became slower. Backwards they sped up, until he had the continuous tone, telling him he was in the exact position with the ramp. Steadily, he reduced the output of the thrusters and the monster ship lowered gently down, until it sat perfectly on the ramp. He could now claim to be the first to land on the ramp. It felt good.
When he opened the hatch, he could hear the cheering crowd.  Angus was operating an extendible platform and Rocky got in the cage.
When safely on the ground, Moon Base Commander Anton Forbes and Space Security Commander Lance Dillow were there to welcome him and congratulate him on a job well done. Not far away, Dillow and Cragg landed in the freighter.
'I could never have done it without those two,' said Rocky.
There was another rapturous welcome for Dillow and Cragg as they got out of the ship and walked over to the others.
'Fantastic job, you two,' said Forbes.
'I couldn't be a prouder father, Fawn.'
Fawn hugged her father and he led her through the crowd. She paused and turned to Rocky. 'Not too shabby, Rocky.'
'Thanks.'
He left Forbes talking to Cragg and made his way through the people wanting to pat him on the back.
'You were fizzing,' he heard somebody say. He turned to see Amethyst Bouquet. Even in a suit she looked amazing.
'H H Hi.'
'That was fizzing the way you landed that ship. Like you've been flying all your life.'
'I I I bet you could have d d done it just as g g good.'
'Hungry?'
'Seriously hungry.'
'Let me fix you a feed.'
Amethyst hooked her arm through Rocky's and staked her claim, casting warning looks at the envious girls they passed.
* * *
'Craggy,' said Forbes. 'No way are you working in the sanitation department.'
'That's what I get for a reward? No job?'
'You get a job, all right. You are now the Cadet Special Training Captain.'
'I am? Great. Just what I always wanted. What does it mean?'
'You teach them everything the others don't. Like how to get themselves out of any crap they get themselves into.'
'Hmm. From sanitation to crap. Sounds like a promotion to me. I'll take it.'
'Good. But I want you to think it over for a few months.'
'You do? Why?'
'Because, if you fancy a trip to Mars with Dillow and Ramshorn, there's a place for you.'
'On full captains pay?'
'But of course. On one condition. You bring me some beer back.'
'Don't I always?'


Chapter 45

'Me?'
'I'm not taking us off, Rocky,' said Cragg.
'Me neither,' said Dillow.
'You want me to take off in a freighter with pods?'
'Either that or we don't take off at all,' said Dillow.
Cragg said, 'Come on, Rocky. I'm not getting any younger.'
'Come on, Rocky,' said Amethyst Bouquet. 'I can't wait to see Mars.'
It was a special request from hero of the day Rocky Ramshorn to let Amethyst go with them. Forbes had been happy to allow it.
'Okay. Buckle up. Oh. Dillow?'
'Yes, Rocky?'
'Are you ever going to give me my tickets?'
'Depends. Get us to Mars and back in one piece, I'll have to think about it.'
Dillow winked at the grinning Craggy and Rocky Ramshorn deftly waved his hands over the controls with the skill of an orchestra conductor, then the freighter with the train of pods gently lifted off the cradle, and blasted off into the heavens on a trip to Mars.
* * *
The landing was always going to be the big ask. After an uneventful trip, it was time for Rocky Ramshorn to test himself. Cragg and Dillow put on their best poker faces, anxious inside, calm, cool and collected on the surface. Amethyst Bouquet knew what was involved from her own training. She had seen Rocky land the ship loaded with marsillium. She had always liked Rocky, but her underlying shyness had her putting on a cover of cool indifference towards him. That he'd even looked twice at her when he had dozens of girls drooling over the space hero, wasn't an opportunity she was about to question.
Rocky had had little in the way of coaching from either Dillow or Cragg. He knew all the theory, so it was just a question of putting it all into practice. Somewhere deep in his mind he was sure they would jump in to help if the need arose.
'Heat shield deployed.' 
The Martian atmosphere entry was preset by the computers. There was a soft roar as the temperature of the shield rose. It took eleven minutes of rushing towards Mars, before they could pull up for safe orbiting prior to landing. Rocky gradually reduced the power from the plasma engines, on a final orbit.
'Heat shield retracted. Freighter pilot Rocky Ramshorn requesting permission to land.'
'Permission granted, pilot Ramshorn,' came the reply.
Rocky took the freighter to a slow cruising speed, for the final leg of the journey. He glanced briefly at Amethyst at his left hand side and smiled, hoping he portrayed a confident persona. Then he obliterated everything from his mind to concentrate on the job in hand.  
Amethyst wanted to say something encouraging and supportive as he brought the new freighter with the line of ten pods in from the final orbit. He needed to be totally focused as he lined up the ship on the concrete pad and the pods on the cradle.
Cragg had seen the lad control the ship using the mysterious coloured sensors, with subtle hand movements, totally in command and understanding the ship as a complete entity, an extension of himself. It had only been four months since he had tried to master the same type of controls on the ship, and avoided crashing it into Westmont by the skin of his teeth. 
For all his tender years, Rocky was a natural freighter pilot and Dillow would undoubtedly be signing off his tickets, giving him Freighter Captain first class status. These young people gave him a glimmer of hope for the future of their species. He would ride along on their coattails for as long as they'd let him.
Freighter Captain first class Fawn Dillow had been in a reflective mood for most of the trip, the realisation that Earth was beyond, and probably not even worth saving, was a bitter pill to swallow. West and East had come out in all out war now, and Moon and Mars no longer took an active interest in their inevitable self destruction. 
It was too late to bring Earth back from the brink, as sad as that fact was. It was up to a few thousand Moon and Mars dwellers to turn hostile environments into homes to raise future generations. The glow of young love between Rocky and Amethyst gave her hope for the future.
'Are you okay, Rocky?'
'Just making sure the positioning is right, Dillow. Setting her down now.'
Cragg and Dillow held their breaths, but showed nothing but a calm and confident exterior. There wasn't even the slightest feeling of touching down.
'Good job, Rocky,' said Cragg, fitting his helmet. 'Dillow, Bouquet, I'd like us to check how the pods unlock. I know they're the new design, but they've hardly had much use. Rocky, listen out for my instructions.'
Cragg led the others through the airlock. 'Excited, Amethyst? First time on Mars?'
'I can't believe I'm here.'
'Careful as you step down,' said Dillow. 'The sand can be surprisingly deep in places.'
Cragg said, 'If I disappear, don't jump on my head.' He led the way outside. 'Scotty?'
From high up out of sight came a voice. 'Rosy.'
'Thank God. A woman in charge. Nice to meet you, Rosy. I'm Cragg, but you can call me Craggy.''
'I've heard about you.'
'It isn't true. I never did it.'
'Did what?' 
'Whatever I was accused of doing.'
'Rosy. Fawn Dillow here. Do what I do with Craggy and ignore him. Are you ready to unload the pods?'
'When you are.'
'Rocky. Unlock the pods.'
'All pods unlocked,' said Rocky.
Cragg said, 'Rocky. We are going to take a quick look to confirm all the locks have opened before the grabber takes them off. If you could put the luggage in the airlock in the meantime, that will be helpful.'
'Got that, Craggy.'
Cragg, Dillow and Amethyst climbed the steps to the catwalk that ran along the cradle.
Dillow said, 'Amethyst. See how the locks have fully swung over? That's what we want. Never completely rely on the ships instrumentation. I found that out the hard way.'
A quick walk along the catwalk told them all the pod locks had disengaged completely. They walked back along the catwalk and down the steps.
Dillow said, 'Rocky. All good here. Complete the shutdown procedure and join us.'
Four minutes later, Rocky opened the airlock and walked down the ramp.
Cragg said, 'You have one more thing to do. The grabber operator is up there in that cab. Her name is Rosy. Say hi and give her the okay to unload the pods.'
'Rosy? Rocky Ramshorn here. All pod locks are disengaged and okay to unload, please.'
'Please? You didn't get that from Old Craggy. Okay. I'll meet up with you all later.'
A buggy was ploughing up dust as it sped towards them. The driver pulled up a few metres from them and flipped his black visor off his helmet.
'Frosty. Nice to see you again,' said Cragg.
Todd Frost said, 'From what I heard, it's a wonder you're here at all. A close call, I gather.'
'Not one to be repeated in a hurry. You already know Captain Fawn Dillow. And this young man is going to be an ace pilot in no time at all. Rocky Ramshorn. And this delightful young lady is Amethyst Bouquet.' 
'Nice to meet all of you. Put the luggage in the back and jump on.'
With the luggage loaded, Frost drove them to Base Three passing the pod carrier on their way. The huge airlock door opened and Frost parked up. They all grabbed the luggage as the outer door closed, and then they went through the inner door.
'Wow!' said Amethyst at her first sight of the Base Three interior. 'Fizzing.'
'Fizzing,' agreed Rocky.
Frosty said, 'Glad our place is fizzy. Time for a beer?'
Rocky and Amethyst looked at Cragg and Dillow.
'We can drink beer?' asked Rocky, unsure.
'Yeah,' said Cragg. 'Just don't mention it on Moon or they'll have me shot for leading teenagers astray.'
'In moderation,' said Dillow with a warning waggle of her pointy finger.
'They'll shoot me in moderation?' said Cragg.
'Behave, you.'
'Got swimming costumes for a soak in the pool?' Frosty asked.
'I wondered why Dillow told us to pack those,' said Amethyst.
'You two have rooms next to each other. Two seven one and two, just along there. Drop your gear in there, put your togs on and come get a beer in the communal lounge over there.'
'Thanks.'
Frosty watched the teenagers walking along the central path, pointing at the sights, especially the jungle.
'Why have I suddenly aged twenty years?' said Frosty.
'They have that effect on all us oldies,' said Cragg. 'You mentioned a beer?'
Frosty said, 'Plenty in the lounge. Why don't you two freshen up and help yourself. I have some work to do, but I have half an hour or so, so I'll see you in there.'


Chapter 46

In the lounge, beers were handed out and Dillow and Cragg helped themselves to a feed of fish from the food trays resting in the steaming vats then added some fresh greens.
'Nothing like home cooked food,' said Dillow.
'And this is nothing like home cooked food,' quipped Frosty. 'That was quite an adventure you guys had.'
'A bit hairy,' admitted Cragg. 'I'll not be flying a ship again, I know that much.'
'We have some good young pilots coming through, so we'll be fine,' said Frosty.
Cragg said, 'I'll still be involved with the training program, so that will keep me on my toes.'
'Good for you, Craggy,' said Frosty. 'It'd be a shame to lose all that hard won experience. It looks like the Earth is at it again.'
'Why they are so determined to kill themselves off defies logic,' said Dillow. 'Here's the rest of us, battling every day just to survive.'
'It's almost like they're a different species,' added Craggy, swilling the beer around in his mouth hoping his taste buds would survive the experience. 'Hello you two. All set for a dip?'
'Can't wait,' said Rocky.
Frosty raided the fridge for two beers and handed them to the youngsters. 'Here you go. It takes some getting used to. If you go out the door there, take a right, you'll see a path heading into the jungle. That leads to the pool. Have fun.' As the teenagers walked off, Frosty said, 'They make a charming couple.'
'Don't they just,' agreed Dillow.
'Ah. Here's Commander Potts and his wife. I have to get  going, so have a chat with them.'
Potts and his wife saw them and joined them as Frost went about his business. 'Hello, Craggy. Captain Dillow. I don't think you met my wife Marcia last time you were here.'
Marcia was in her late seventies, and still looked very attractive. 'Hello, Craggy. Hello, Captain.'
'Fawn.' 
'A lovely name. Care to join us?'
They sat together as they ate their meals. Marcia made them feel at home and her easy manner had Dillow feeling like they were long time friends.
Marcia said, 'You two were very brave, what you did.'
Cragg said, 'Young Rocky was a star, as well. No way could I have brought that ship home.'
'An amazing effort all round,' said Potts.
Marcia said, 'With the hostilities hotting up on Earth, we're getting a lot more enquiries from Moon, from people wanting to come to live here.'
'Understandable,' said Cragg. 'It makes us all sad to look at the Earth, knowing it's being killed off and us not being able to do anything about it.'
Dillow asked, 'Will you be able to take many in?'
'We'd love to do that,' said Potts. 'But we are at almost full capacity as it is.'
Dillow said, 'But I thought the intention always was to develop Mars to take many more people.'
'It is,' said Potts. 'In good time. But we need to have accommodation and enough food for everyone.'
Cragg said, 'Moon was really a trading post between Earth and Mars. With the Earth gone soon, Moon becomes redundant.'
Marcia said, 'True, Craggy, but it isn't that we don't want Moon dwellers, we just have to solve the practical issues first.'
Potts admitted, 'Not a five minute job.'
Marcia said, 'Forgive me, but I have a committee meeting to attend. If it isn't one thing, it's another. I'll see you both before you go.'
* * *
Although the jungle was a well-tended, diverse and vital part of the ecosystem, it had also been developed to have a natural feel to it, and neither Rocky or Amethyst had experienced anything like it, to walk along the safe paths, foliage brushing their skin. Amethyst was startled by an insect that flew in front of her.
'That's a bee,' said Rocky. 
'Are they dangerous?'
'Just don't annoy them. They pollinate all the plants and provide honey.'
'Honey?'
'I haven't had any, but I heard it's amazing.'
They reached the clearing where the wallowing pool was. It looked like it had been fed from a spring for thousands of years, not a man made pool for relaxing in. It wasn't difficult to imagine a wildebeest or even a tiger come out of the undergrowth to drink. Towels were dropped by the side and they slipped into the body temperature water. They were pleased to have it all to themselves, but that didn't last long. Others came and wallowed for a while, chatting in the usual friendly Mars way before taking off again.
'This is nice,' said Rocky, sipping the strange brew.
'Wouldn't it be fizzing to live here?'
'I was wondering about that myself. Can't say I like the idea of Moon after seeing this place.'
'It wouldn't hurt to ask if there's anyway we could come here permanently.'
'We'll sound them out when we get the chance.'
On one of the moments they were alone, Rocky was trying hard to keep his gaze at eye level, even though he was rubbing bare shoulders with a beautiful girl in a bikini that didn't leave much to the imagination. He wasn't listening much to what she was saying, but he was watching her full lips, wondering what it would be like to kiss them. He was about to risk moving in to find out when another couple turned up and slipped into the pool.
'I'm famished,' said Amethyst, after saying hi.
'Me too. come on.'


Chapter 47

In the lounge which also served as the eating area, Rocky and Amethyst saw Cragg had joined Misty at a quiet side table, and it was obvious they didn't want to be disturbed. Mars Commander Potts was talking to Dillow.  Helping themselves to a meal, they heard Dillow say, 'Come and join us.' 
'Thanks,' said Amethyst.
'Rocky Ramshorn, Amethyst Bouquet, this is Mars Commander Potts.'
'Nice to meet you,' said Potts. 'Enjoying your stay on Mars?'
'Loving it,' said Amethyst. 'I love the jungle. Nothing like it on Moon.'
'It is very special,' said Potts. 'You did a remarkable job on that ship, by the way. Craggy was saying what a fine pilot you'll be.'
'It's what I always wanted to be,' said Rocky.
'He scored a ninety two point average in the simulator,' said Amethyst, proudly. 'I've another term to go before I can take my tickets.' It was a fairly blatant sales pitch.
'Very impressive,' said Potts. He shared a look with Dillow, suspecting what was coming next.
'Actually,' said Rocky, 'We were kinda wondering if there were any places coming up here.'
Potts said, 'As a matter of fact, Fawn and I were discussing that before you arrived. Not you two specifically, just in general. We would love to take everyone if we could, but where would we house them and how would we feed them?'
'Can't you just build more bases?' asked Rocky. 'Grow more food?'
'What with? We could probably build enough for another fifty, but not two thousand.'
'Pity we can't bring Moon nearer,' said Amethyst.
'You are brilliant,' said Rocky.
'I am? I knew that.'
Rocky said, 'We need homes and more food here, right?'
'Yes,' said Potts.
'All the homes we need are already on Moon. We just need to get it all here. Not all in one go, but we could do it over time.'
Dillow said, 'We could do that. Our new ship could carry heaps of stuff. The buildings are in sections. They can be taken apart and rebuilt here.'
'We also have freighters to bring stuff,' said Amethyst.
'What about food?' Potts asked.
'Moon grows their own,' said Dillow. 'Hydroponics, mostly. No reason why we can't bring complete hydroponic units over, still growing food on the way.'
Potts liked the idea. 'This idea has legs, I think. We'll get the details worked out and I'll talk it over with Moon Commander Forbes. See? This is what I'm talking about. You three are the future of the human race. We have to do this. Well done, you two.'
Dillow said, 'Rocky. We still have a job to do. In the morning, you and I have to supervise the return pods being attached to the freighter.'
'Okay. I'm about ready for bed.' He looked at Amethyst.
'I'll see you in the morning,' she replied, a no nonsense look in her eyes.
Rocky said, 'See you all in the morning.'
With Rocky gone, the three chatted about the possibility of the big move from Moon to Mars, then Potts excused himself.
'Fawn.'
'Amethyst?'
'Can I ask you something, woman to woman?'
'Yes, he does.'
'What?'
'Rocky. He really likes you.'
'How did...?'
'Woman to woman. And I know you like Rocky.'
'How do you know when you're in love?'
Dillow smiled. 'We need to talk. And I know the perfect place. Come with me.'


Chapter 48

The observation catwalk was empty and Amethyst was enthralled by the vista.
'Fizzing. Olympus Mons is awesome.'
'See over there? The mines, the water bores. The work goes on around the clock.'
'Fantastic. I hope we get the chance to live here. Imagine a proper city all out there. Wouldn't that be amazing?'
'I think from your ideas, it is more likely than ever.'
'Fawn.'
'Go on.'
'You think Rocky really likes me?'
'I think it's a bit deeper than liking you. He positively glows when he's near you. Do you feel the same way about Rocky?'
'I think so. I go all tingly when I'm with him.'
Dillow chuckled. 'Always a symptom. Mind if I ask you a personal question, woman to woman?'
'Go on.'
'Have you ever had a relationship with a boy before?'
'You mean...no. But I know Rocky wants me.'
'He's a stud. Of course he does. But you mustn't ever feel pressured to do anything you don't want to do or you don't feel ready for.'
'But what if Rocky won't wait and finds another girlfriend?'
'Somehow, I think that's unlikely. But if he puts pressure on you, then he isn't the one for you. If he really cares for you, he'll wait. Now another personal question. Have you had your NoPreg implant?'
Amethyst looked embarrassed. 'No. Do you think I should?'
'That's a choice you have to make yourself. But you never know when you feel the time is right to take your relationship to another level. Maybe a little forward planning wouldn't be a bad thing.'
Amethyst smiled and hugged Dillow. 'You're right. I never had this sort of talk before.'
Dillow grinned. 'Strangely, neither have I.'
'I never knew my parents. It's...it's like having a real mother to talk to.'
'It is? Okay. They have a medical centre here that can do the implant. You should sleep on it. Alone.'
'I will. Goodnight, Fawn.'
'Goodnight.' Dillow watched the girl skip lightly down the steps. 'Why is it I feel a hundred years old, all of a sudden?'


Chapter 49

On the freighter, Dillow and Ramshorn were getting the ship ready for the pods.
'Happy with the controls, Rocky?'
'Yes.'
'Good. I'll be outside; making sure all pods are locked securely. Follow my instructions over the radio.'
Dillow went down the ramp of the airlock and up the steps to the cradle catwalk. 'Rosy?'
'Ready and waiting.'
'One at a time. You know the routine. Rocky. Pod one's going on now. Rosy. Grab pod one.' 
Rosy lowered the grabbers over pod one. 
'In place,' said Dillow. 'Take her up.' The pod was lifted smoothly off the cradle and Dillow helped guide it in place, watching the pod slide perfectly down the newly designed couplings. 'Okay. Rocky. Lock pod one.'
'Pod one locked.'
It took an hour to repeat the procedure with the other nine pods. 'Thanks Rosy. Good job.'
'You're welcome.'
Dillow returned to the freighter. 'That went perfectly. We'll be ready for take off in a day or so, so time to relax.'
'Great. Dillow...'
'Yes, she does.'
'What?'
'Amethyst. She likes you.'
Rocky was surprised. 'You knew what I was going to ask you?'
'Call it woman's intuition. But the answer remains the same. Amethyst likes you.'
'Yeah? Really likes me?'
'What's not to like? How do you really feel about her?'
Rocky's eyes glazed over. 'I see her, I can't breathe. Her eyes, her hair. The smell of her. Her smile, her...'
'That's all I needed to know. Rocky. Amethyst hasn't had a relationship before. You need to be a man about it. Treat her with respect. Never pressure her into anything. Just love her the way I know you do and you won't go far wrong.'
'Thanks, Dillow.'
'No worries. Now go spend some quality time with your girlfriend.'


Chapter 50

'Craggy. You know I don't mess about with anyone else, don't you?'
Cragg wrapped the sheets around them, holding Misty tight. 'And you're the only girl for me.'
'You mean that?'
'Of course.'
'You really mean that?'
'Misty. I've done with playing space cowboy. Do you know what keeps me going on those long lonely rides?'
'Beer?'
Cragg laughed. 'Yeah, that helps. But when I'm racing through the cosmos, letting the computers do the boring bits, I'll be on my bunk, thinking of you.'
'You are such a fibber, Dixon Cragg.'
'True. But not on this occasion. You and I have known each other a very long time. You amaze me by knowing me inside and out and still want to be with me.'
'You know what scares me more than anything?'
Cragg sighed and nodded. 'Probably the same thing that scares me. Growing old alone.'
'That's not the same thing as love.'
Cragg said, 'I'm as close to being in love with you as I ever was when I was with Maria, my wife. How can we let ourselves fall in love if we can't be together? That wouldn't be fair to either of us.' 
'Can't you come and live on Mars with me?'
Cragg kissed her. 'I wish I could. Pottsy already told me I'm too old. They want young blood. Not old farts like me. The only thing I have to look forward to is having a bit of a class to teach spotty teens on Moon. I get depressed just thinking about it, knowing you are all the way out here.'
'That just isn't fair. All you've done over the years. And you're in good physical condition. I can testify for that.'
'You aren't doing too bad yourself for an old bird.'
Misty slapped his chest. 'Plenty of life in me yet. And that's my point. I want a man in my life again. Not one who spends his time millions of miles away.'
'But it isn't up to me. I'd love to bunk in with you permanently. Maybe I can have another word with Pottsy. See if I can change his mind.'
Misty kissed him. 'Okay. But not just yet. I want you all to myself while I have you. Now come here and make an old bird very happy.'


Chapter 51

'And Rocky and Amethyst came up with that idea?' Forbes said. For once, the vidcam was working well, with the usual time lag.
'They did,' said Potts. 'I've had a couple of meetings with our engineers. It will take up to two years to relocate everything and everyone, but it can be done.'
'I think so, too. Who will do your coordinating?'
'Marcia. She's already sorting out several committees. It's what she does best.'
'I'll have a team put together to liaise with Marcia. Pottsy. Finally, this is what we've been working towards. The war drums are beating the final military tattoo on Earth. All we can do is let them finish the job. Pottsy. Do you think we can learn from their mistakes and do it right?'
There was a longer than time lag pause. 'That's where you and I come in. While the relocation is happening, we can try to make sure we can live together in peace. For one thing, no weapons of any kind. We have no need for them.'
'I agree. Okay, Pottsy. We both now have a whole heavier workload. Time to get busy.'
'Looking forward to it. Keep in touch.'
    

Chapter 52

'What's all this about?' asked Cragg.
'No idea,' said Misty. 'Must be important to have the work stopped so we can get together for a meeting.'
The only place large enough to hold the entire population of the planet was Base Three. The path was full of people waiting for Commander Potts to address the meeting. He wasted no time in calling everyone to order.
'Okay. To keep you all in the loop, there have been developments. Positive ones. Everyone on Moon will be brought here to live. I know we have planned to do this over the next ten or twenty years, but with the...unfortunate events on Earth, it is time we brought this forward. A rough estimation from start to completion is about two years. All the building material now on Moon will be brought here and rebuilt. As for food, we will be bringing Moon's hydroponics here, to help feed all of us. This means we will be sending less from here to Moon, and receiving much more from there to here. That means a temporary reduction in mining activities, so some of the people employed in those sections will be employed in the rebuild. I think we are entering an exciting phase in human history. Finally, we can make this planet what it was always intended to be. The new home to our race. Please embrace it and do all you can to make this planet all it can be. Right. We all have work to do, so please carry on. Thank you.'
Misty grabbed Cragg's arm. 'You know what this means, don't you?'
Cragg grinned and kissed Misty's cheek. 'We live happy ever after?'
'We can but try.'


Chapter 53

Amethyst Bouquet hoped nobody had seen her slip away to the medical centre. She wasn't even positive she wanted to go through with it. The medical centre ran round the clock because the Base worked round the clock. Outside in Mars' harsh environment, hazards were everywhere and medical response had to be measured in seconds, not minutes. A woman doctor and a male nurse were in attendance.
'Can we help you?' asked the nurse.
'I'm not hurt or anything,' said Amethyst.
'Feeling ill?' asked the doctor. 'You look a picture of health to me.'
'I am.' She looked at the male nurse and had no intention of saying anything with him in the room and the doctor could see she was nervous.
'Noel. Don't we get a few goodies as a snack by now,' the doctor said.
'On my way,' said the nurse, taking a hint.
'Take a seat. I'm Dr Jill Uphill. Everyone calls me Dr Jill. Do we have you on our records?'
'I'm from Moon. My first trip over here.'
'Enjoying it?'
'I so want to live here. With everyone coming here, I'll have all my friends with me.'
'Nice. What's your name?'
'Hmm? Amethyst Bouquet.'
'Date of birth?'
'Ninth of May, twenty seventy eight.'
'You're seventeen?'
'Eighteen. Almost. In another six months.'
Dr Jill smiled. 'Seventeen it is. Okay. What can I do for you, Amethyst?'
'The thing is, I met a boy.'
'Ah! Have you and he been having...'
'No. I've never had...but I love him. We are going back to Moon. That's over three months together in a small ship. I want to know I'm safe.'
'You are seventeen. Past the age of consent. I think you are making a mature decision. Do you know about the NoPreg implant?'
'We covered that in biology.'
'So this is just a precaution.'
'Yes. I mean if me and Rocky got together, we'd want a baby. But now is not a good time.'
The doctor agreed. 'This place will be a nightmare of activity for years. They say at least two years. Not the best of time for babies, and the fact that you are still very young means you have a lot of living to do before you settle down.'
'That's what I was thinking. I want a baby when I can look after it properly and give us all a good home. Happy. Full of love. Rocky and me never had that. We were both orphaned.'
'Is Rocky your young man?'
'Yes. We have so much in common. We understand each other, what we've lost. More important, we know what we've found.'
Doctor Uphill smiled. 'Such wise heads on such young shoulders. Just what we need right now.'
'It's exciting. So much to look forward to. I just don't want to spoil things by getting pregnant too soon.'
'Good. It's a painless, easily reversible procedure. The NoPreg works with the body. They have proved to be one hundred percent effective and side affects free. Want to do it now? It's just a tiny implant in your thigh and it takes only a minute to do.'
Amethyst sighed as she thought about it. 'Why do I feel like I'm losing something?'
'Nothing but your childhood. You are becoming a woman. Come on, this way.'
Minutes later, Amethyst walked out of the medical centre, feeling as if she had both lost something, but she had also found something. She had some packing to do for the trip home.


Chapter 54

Marcia Potts was organizer personified. Within forty eight Mars hours, she had put three different committees together involving three different areas of expertise. She had asked if she was to be the coordinator, would anyone object. She got the job. 
Geologists headed a seven person team. They had to decide on the most favourable places for building the city. A sound hard rock base, preferably sheltered from the Martian storms or at least a few of the wild elements and wasn't covering up potentially useful minerals to be mined later. The project fed upon itself and ideas came thick and fast. Many had relations on Moon and the idea of living together spurred everyone to do all they could to make things happen. 
Builders in their committee, were looking at pictures of the buildings already on Moon and working on ideas for rebuilding on Mars.
Electricians, plumbers, sanitation engineers were working as a group, looking at incorporating the existing infrastructure with new. 
Everyone was excited about finally making a world fit for humans outside of Earth. 
Similar teams were brainstorming together on Moon, working out the balance of taking dwellings down and how the people that had lived in them would be temporarily housed. It would take most of the three months of the freighters journey back to Moon, to be anything like ready with all that could be stowed in the freighter pods and the big ship for the trip back to Mars.
The payload technicians wanted their input. Loading freighters, and now Big Bird, was a whole industry on its own. Thought to be as much art as science, they stressed that it was an imperative part of space flight. Perfect weight distribution was required and everything had to be secured to ensure no problems during transportation. As crucial specialists, it was agreed that they would work with the builders as loading consultants. Everyone was keen to be involved.
* * *
It was time for the freighter to be on its way to Moon. They did their kissing in Base Three, and it was with a lighter heart that Cragg suited up for one final round trip.
Misty warned, 'You get your sorry ass back safely to me, Dixon Cragg, or there'll be serious trouble.'
'I'll get out and push the damn freighter here if I have to. This is where I belong. Here with you.'
'Then get going. The sooner you've gone, the sooner you come back.'
Cragg stole one more kiss and put his helmet on. 'Keep some beer on ice.'
He told Misty to stay in the Base, and he went through the airlock to join the others already on the freighter. Cragg was going along because there was another freighter to make use of back on Moon, so he intended to make himself available, if required. He had said his farewells to Misty, with a solemn vow when he returned to her, it would be on his last flight.
Dillow, Amethyst and Cragg buckled up and Rocky took control of the take off. He went through the preflight check with Dillow, who recorded the readings. She put the log away and sat back, ready to assess Rocky's skills. She smiled as she watched his hands and fingers fly over the sensors. She could tell from his facial expression that he wasn't having to think about which sensor did what, he just knew, already one with the ship. All Rocky had to do was land on Moon, and she would have no hesitation in giving him his tickets.
She'd already had a quiet word with Craggy to give the youngsters some space, but Craggy was in a world of romantic fog of his own. It seemed everyone was in love but her. Perhaps when the new world was up and running, she might find somebody.
Dillow had been in love once. It had been a wonderful, all consuming, love. But he had been taken from her. His memory hadn't faded and her feelings for him would always be with her. Things were changing. History was being made. It was a time of changes. It was also time for her to make changes, too.


Chapter 55

Three weeks out, a well oiled routine developed. Rocky was controlling the freighter most of the time, because he was still being assessed for his tickets by Dillow. Cragg and Amethyst got along great, Cragg making her laugh with his outrageous jokes and exaggerated stories as he gave her a few tips on food preparation.
Occasionally, Cragg would top up too much on Martian beer, and be in a mood to tell one of his tall stories. As ridiculous as it was, his tales of his daring exploits were infectious. It was lights dimmed, except for the one by Cragg, and they would have a beer and wait eagerly for the story.
Cragg always started the same way. Did I ever tell you about the time... and he would reel them into his world of fantasy, seasoned with just enough reality as to give the rendition credibility. It was close to Craggy's bedtime, so he handed out the beers then took his seat where the single light illuminated his face in a very strange way. 
'Did I ever tell you about that time I took a ride with a dead man?'
'Sounds painful,' said Dillow.
Craggy ignored her. 'Well. I wasn't that much older than you are now, Rocky. I had a few years of hauling freight, but still had a load to learn. I hadn't made captain at that time. We had to work for our tickets, in those days.'
'Boo. Boo.' Rocky and Dillow cried out.
'Anyway, before I was so rudely interrupted, I was flying with an old codger called Big Billy. Freighter Captain William Croxford. I always thought his name should be Big Belly, not Big Billy. He'd spent months on Mars and pigged out. Not the healthiest specimen you'd be likely to meet. Anyway, we were just sitting there, humming along, Big Billy has a heart attack. No warning, just a rolling of the eyeballs, and a clutching of his arm and he'd gone. Dead.'
'Jeez, Craggy,' said Amethyst. 'Didn't you try CPR?'
'He had a beard. Have you ever kissed a beard? And I'm not talking a neatly clipped facial decoration here. Think birds nest profusion, with foodstuffs going back decades lodged in it, and Big Billy's constant scratching at said tangled growth, had everybody wondering what lifeforms were procreating in it.'
'Hell, no,' said a grimacing Amethyst.
'So why wish it on me? No way was I kissing that. Ugh! No. He was well dead. Just to make sure, I gave his whiskers a good tug and I got no response. I dragged him to his bunk.'
'By his beard?' Dillow asked.
'As if. Anyway, I called Moon and told them what had happened. I asked them what I should do with the corpse. I said, should I throw it through the airlock?' 
'Craggy,' said Amethyst. 'You wouldn't do that.'
'Why not? He was dead wasn't he? As it happened, that's what Moon told me, too. He had to go back for an autopsy. That was all very well, but after a couple of days, he was beginning to pong a bit. Man. It was making my eyes water. Only one thing for it. I had to seal him in his suit.'
'Urgh, Craggy,' said Dillow. 'You dressed a dead man in his suit?'
'Well, I wasn't allowed to throw him outside, which would have been my preferred option. We had nothing for dead people on the freighter and there was no way I could spend months with that stink. So, I didn't have a lot of choice. He was in such a state, I had to wear my own suit so I didn't have to touch it or smell it. It took me an hour of shoving, pulling, and pushing to get the suit on. I was knackered. I put his helmet on to seal the old devil in, gave him a good night kiss and that was it.'
Amethyst could visualise it all happening. 'That was horrible, having to put a suit on a smelly dead body.'
Cragg shrugged. 'We have to do what we have to do. That wasn't the worst of it. I was alone in the ship, now, still weeks to go before reaching Moon. It was three days after Big Billy had been suited up, me on the deck on my own, when I heard. . . footsteps right behind me.'
'Craggy,' gasped Rocky. 'What the hell was it?'
Craggy yawned. 'A story for another time. Goodnight all.'
Dillow said, 'You rotter, Craggy.'
With a grin, Cragg took off for bed and then Rocky disappeared. Amethyst went over to Dillow and whispered in her ear.
'Good luck,' whispered Dillow back, as Amethyst walked out.
Dillow sat in the still dimmed light and she found herself shuddering at the thoughts of ghostly footsteps in a freighter.
'Damn you, Craggy.'


Chapter 56

Amethyst asked, 'Do you love Misty?'
'What?' gasped Cragg. 'Why the hell do you ask me that?'
They were on clothes cleaning duty. Cragg threw a handful of garments into the zapper. He pressed the button and five seconds later, they were spotless and fresh. He took them out and put them on hangers.
'It's just...no. That would be rude.'
'You, rude? Never. Out with it.'
'Well. You're kinda really, really old.'
Cragg gasped. 'Excuse me? I'll have you know I'm only really old.'
'Well, I'm kinda young.' 
'I noticed.'
'But can you be in love at your age?'
Surprised, Cragg said, 'Good grief. In my prime, I am. But yes. Age doesn't come into the equation. Love can strike when you least expect it.'
'But you do love Misty.'
Cragg nodded. 'I finally owned up to it. We've got the chance of being together and we're running with it. But it isn't like the first love you and Rocky have. I see you and I remember that the way you love so deep it hurts.'
'It does. It's crazy, but it does hurt.'
'I know. And that's what makes it all so special. For me and Misty, it doesn't hurt quite like that. It's more mellow. Me and Misty are comfortable in our own skins and with each other. You asked if I love Misty? Oh, yes. I love her. I just never admitted it to myself before.'
'Is it possible to fall in love really young and still love them when we're really old?'
'Now that's a whole other question. It is possible. But to be honest, the odds are against it. See, back when we were living in caves, old age was like forty. So, a caveman only had to be in love for a few years. Humans are now living into their hundred and fifties. That means we have to go on loving for about one hundred and thirty years. A big ask for anyone. I think I can see out my years with Misty.'
He could see a strange look pass like a dark shadow over Amethyst's face and knew he had said words she shouldn't have heard him say. 'Take no notice of me. Old timers sometimes ramble on talking crap. Your love is strong. Why shouldn't it last? Of course it will.'
'I hope so.' 
'My advice to you? Live each day as if it's your last and embrace life.'
Amethyst kissed his cheek. 'Thanks, Craggy.' She skipped away to have a woman to woman chat with Dillow.
Rocky was alone on the deck, wallowing in his own mellow dreams,  when he got a call on the radio. The signal from Moon was clear. 'Rocky Ramshorn. Moon Commander Forbes, here.'
'I'm here, Sir.'
'Just to let you know, we are getting the big ship ready to go to Mars. We've, err, added plumbing and squeezed in a cot. It's hardly home from home, but you'll have all you need for your month's trip.'
'One month?'
'It's got some real speed, now. But you'll be on your own for that trip. Are you okay with that?'
'Sure. The more we get done, the quicker we'll be settling on Mars. Bring it on.'
'Thanks, Rocky. Everything all right?'
'Yeah. They're all asleep.'
'Okay. I'll let you go, Ramshorn.'
'Goodnight, Sir.'
This was something he hadn't banked on. Here he was with a wonderful girlfriend and he would be racing back and forth between Moon and Mars, often on his own. He was still glowing from the intimacy with Amethyst, and now he had to tell her they'd be lucky to be on ships passing in the night. 
'Great.'


Chapter 57

Amethyst was a little deflated when she heard Rocky's news.
'It can't be helped,' said Rocky. 'They can't add another seat in that ship, without serious rewiring of the computers and controls. That would be risky.'
'It isn't fair,' said Dillow.
'No. It isn't,' agreed Cragg. 'I suppose it will be a tough couple of years for everybody. For the greater good. You'll get through it.'
Dillow said, 'They won't have to get through it, at least not apart. I can fly the other ship.'
'You?' Rocky said.
'Why not? The controls on the ship aren't much different from the ones on this new freighter. I can fly it as well as you, Rocky.'
'I never said you couldn't. But what would I be doing?'
'Flying this, of course. You and Amethyst can be together most of the time.'
Cragg said, 'Are you sure you want to do that, Dillow?'
Dillow shrugged. 'It makes sense. These two want to be together, and I'm a free agent.'
Cragg said, 'You always will be a free agent if you don't give yourself a chance of meeting anyone.'
'He's right, Fawn,' said Amethyst. 'You can't be on your own for months on end.'
'I'll be fine. It won't be forever. I'd rather you two were together.'
'Thank you, Fawn,' said Amethyst.
'You're forgetting something,' said Rocky. 'To fly this with Amethyst, I need to have my tickets.'
'Dillow said, 'You give us a perfect landing with a full train of pods, you pass.'
Amethyst said, 'You had better make a perfect landing, Rocky Ramshorn.'
'No pressure, then.'
'I'm still available as a pilot,' said Cragg. 'That's all you need if you get stuck for a qualified pilot to go with you. Don't forget, I have a girlfriend waiting for me, so I have to get back as soon as I can.'


Chapter 58

It was time for the moment of truth. Cragg kept a low profile in the background, watching the proceedings. He was still unfamiliar with the new style controls, so he left it to Dillow to assess Ramshorn's competency. For all Cragg knew, Rocky could have been swatting flies. With Dillow a captain first class in her own right, now, she was considered qualified to assess other pilots.
Amethyst couldn't stand the tension and shut herself away in her bedroom so as not to be a distraction to Rocky. Too much depended on Dillow passing Rocky. She knew Dillow wouldn't pass him unless she genuinely believed he was ready.
The Earth loomed large, but it was Moon that was their destination. Dillow sat quietly next to Rocky, offering neither advice nor encouragement, but ready to step in if things were going wrong. Rocky did a single orbit of Moon, and took a deep breath. 
He had successfully landed with pods on Mars and took off with pods from there, too. He had done it before and he knew exactly what to do. Using the sensor controls to line up with the cradle, it was a slow and deliberate landing. Rocky set the freighter on the pad at the end of the cradle and the pods on the cradle itself.
Cragg volunteered to oversee the outside supervision of unlocking the pods, communicating between the grabber operator and Rocky. One by one the pod locks were released, and the grabber separated each pod ready for the pod carrier later. All Rocky had to do now, was to take off for a short hop to the freighters designated pad, away from the cradle and pod carriers, so as not to risk damage from the unloading. Cragg stayed outside, watching the faultless, smooth take off. He could see the perfect landing in the distance.
Cragg nodded and smiled. 'Some people are just born freighter pilots.'
Dillow's voice filled his helmet. 'What you think, Craggy? Do we have a new captain?'
'Hmm. Not sure. What do you think?'
'Kinda borderline.'
Amethyst could stand it no longer. 'Will ya give Rocky his damn tickets, already?'
'Craggy. We gotta make a decision or we'll never hear the end of it.'
Cragg sighed. 'Oh, okay. Congratulations Freighter Captain Rocky Ramshorn first class. Welcome to the club.'
The celebration was held in the freighter, due to the total alcohol ban on Moon. Beers were being passed around freely.
'I thought you jokers were going to fail me,' said Rocky.
'You, young man,' said Craggy. 'Are a natural pilot. You will be the stuff of legends before long.'
'Thanks. Both of you.' Rocky stretched and yawned. 'Time I got back to my own bed on Moon. Amethyst?'
'I'm all yours.'
Cragg and Dillow watched the young love-birds head off to the airlock.
'You,' said Craggy, 'Are a real sweetheart, Dillow.'
'How much have you drunk?'
'Not enough. But you are a sweetheart. Volunteering for the big ship, months in space on your own. And just so a couple of teenagers can be all amorous in private.'
Dillow sighed. 'My time will come. I've another hundred or more years ahead of me. Lots of time for love.'
'Maybe. I count myself lucky for another chance at my age.'
'It's good to see you happy,' Dillow said, sipping her beer. 'I tell you what I think will be interesting. On Moon, we have over two thousand people with no booze or smokes. There's going to be one almighty culture shock when we all get together.'
Cragg agreed. 'Like you said. It'll be interesting. Cheers.'


Chapter 59

Moon Commander Anton Forbes had gone out of his way to find Cragg. After a couple of beers too many the previous night, Cragg was wondering if he was in trouble again.
'I'll just get us a syncoff.'
Forbes made himself comfortable in Cragg's untidy quarters, moving a suit and helmet off the chair.
'Sorry,' said Cragg. 'Maids day off.'
'Don't worry about it. You've been busy. I'd like to thank you for taking the youngsters under your wing.'
'It's been a real pleasure. To be honest, those new non-touch sensors are beyond me.'
'That's one of the things I wanted to talk about. But first, I have a bit of a problem.'
'Which is?'
'Captain Dillow has requested she fly the ship and Ramshorn takes off with trainee Bouquet in her freighter. That concerns me, Craggy.'
'I thought it might. Ramshorn and Dillow are up to the job.'
Forbes said, 'I don't doubt it.'
'But. Both are still not much more than rookies. That's what you're thinking, isn't it?'
'Yes,' said Forbes. 'And they're both flying solo. No back up. There's nowhere to put a copilot. It would have taken too long to alter the big ship to comfortably accommodate two pilots. We have neither time nor personnel to spare right now.'
'I'd offer to go with Dillow if there was room, but like you said, there's no room.'
'Not with Dillow,' said Forbes. 'But there is on the freighter. We should at least have another qualified pilot with Rocky. The trouble is, we only have a few more rookies, no qualified pilots.'
'I could go back with them if that helps?' 
Forbes looked uncomfortable. 'Before we come to that, how confident would you be to send off Ramshorn and Dillow, for want of a better word, without backup?'
'This is unusual times, Anton. Forget the rulebook. Trust them.'
'Easy for you to say.'
'Like I said,' said Cragg. 'I can go with them if you wish.'
Forbes shook his head. 'With respect, Craggy. I know you're a bit lost with the new controls. You wouldn't really be much use on the new freighter.'
Cragg sighed and nodded. 'Sorry I can't be more useful to you.'
'I didn't say you couldn't be useful. I have a freighter of your own for you.'
'But you said I was lost on the new controls.'
'You are. This freighter is old school. The deck is from your old ship. You can fly it with your eyes shut.'
'I don't know what to say. And I appreciate the offer. But again, what about back up in my ship?'
'We just haven't got the pilots we need. You said I have to throw out the rulebook. And I acknowledge that fact. I have a rookie for you. You can show him the ropes.'
That sounded like something he could do. 'Okay. And Rocky can teach Amethyst. She's already trained on the theory and she understands those new fangled controls as well as he does. She'll soon pick it up.'
'Suit up. Come and see your new old ship.'

 
Chapter 60

Forbes drove them to the hanger housing the old new freighter. They got off the buggy to admire the ship.
'Latest twin engine plasma thruster technology. Faster than your old ship.'
Cragg said, 'Hard to think that in the old days, it could take up to two years just to get there, depending on how close Mars was to Moon. Those old fuel rockets were so damn slow.'
'You ever fly one of those?'
'Hey. I'm not that bloody old. Plasma drives have been around for well over a hundred years, getting better all the time.'
'They had a lot of issues to overcome,' said Forbes. 'Whilst Earth has been busy throwing rocks at each other, the real expertise in ship and engine technology has been right here, I'm very proud to say.'
'Making something from practically nothing is a way of life here.' Cragg could see at least five separate projects going on. Ships from Earth in more settled times were being brought out of mothballs, being updated and rebuilt for future needs. Designers, craftspeople, engineers of many nationalities, worked together in ways alien to Earth.
Forbes said, 'Your freighter has a larger passenger section. She can take thirty at a squeeze. We modified it after we agreed to move to Mars, to accommodate passengers. But for this trip, apart from the rookie you'll be on your own.'
'Okay. What will we be hauling?'
Forbes said, 'Building sections, mostly. Plus cables and pipework.'
'You'll be filling the empty accommodation areas with other stuff, won't you?'
'Of course. Stuff being packed up as we speak. Stella? are you still in there?'
'Yes, Commander. Do you wish to enter?'
'Yes. Two to come aboard.'
Stella Wayward opened the outer airlock door to let the two men in. They passed through into the flight deck.
'Hi, Stella,' said Cragg. 'Performing miracles again, I see?'
'Just the computer side of things.'
Stella was a hugely popular young woman, and known as a genius when it came to making computers that actually did what they were supposed to. She was a pretty, twenty five year old blonde, with mesmerising deep blue eyes that had the boys eager to date her. 
'Craggy,' said Stella. 'What do you think of your new ship?'
'Something missing. It needs a pair of fluffy dice hanging somewhere. Can't possibly take off without fluffy dice.'
Stella had no idea what he was talking about and looked to Forbes for an explanation. 
'He's really, really old,' whispered Forbes, loudly.
'Honest. I'm only really old.'
'You spend some time with Stella getting used to the controls. I'll see if I can get you a fluffy dice.'
With Forbes gone, Cragg settled down into serious mode. The differences in the controls from what he was used to were subtle, and he worked those until he didn't have to think about it.
Stella said, 'She's longer than you're used to, because of the extra accommodation. Rule of thumb, just double the length.'
'Right. I can do that.' 
'Also, the pod locking is to the new design and ten new pods are being packed. You are are already familiar with that.'
'I am.' He sat back in the new seat, letting it mould to his body. He was where he was always meant to be. 'I'll get to know her between here and Mars. She'll tell me when she's happy or sad.'
'I can see you'll get on really well,' said Stella, smiling at the wistful expression on Cragg's happy face.


Chapter 61

Although it was supposed to be a break between trips, it didn't seem much like one. Dillow was also learning about her ship. It was huge, compared to regular freighters, dubbed Big Bird by everyone. But for its size, the human space was insignificant compared to the rest of the ship. This was all about carrying monster payloads at the fastest possible speed. Any considerations for the pilot were limited to what could be squeezed into the existing space without any potentially risky rewiring of the computers and the controls. 
There was a seat at the pointy end, a toilet, which doubled as a shower. A cot pretending to be a proper bed and failing badly. Any cat swinging was out of the question.  
A phenomenal top speed could more than halve the journey between Moon and Mars. As long as she could take a few days off between trips so she didn't go tin can crazy, she could do this. This Big Bird was now her baby. She did a Craggy.
She took off her gloves and put the palms of her hands on the walls, connecting with the ship. She closed her eyes and concentrated. She thought she could feel the slight vibrations of the generator.
Dillow made a pact. 'I need you, you need me. Let's take care of one another, okay?'
She put her gloves back on, shut everything down and went down the ramp. She walked along the catwalk admiring the clean lines, the beauty of the ship, her ship. Ahead was the fairground ride of the ramp from which Big Bird would be launched. The ship was right; she was ready. She patted the side of the hull.
'Sleep tight, my beauty. Goodnight.'
None of them could keep away from their ships. Cragg was more concerned with the soul of the freighter. That was something he understood more than anything physical. She was a new ship so she would have her own idiosyncrasies. They would learn from each other. He stood on the deck, eyes closed, taking in the essence of the freighter. It was one of those intangibles; something most would either dismiss completely, or like Cragg, believe in unconditionally. Cragg believed.    
Rocky and Amethyst were also coming to terms with the way their lives had changed in such a short time. They had found love; worthwhile and challenging work to do, and an exciting future to build. The positions of the planets made it the shortest possible journey but they still had the place to themselves.
Amethyst thought about the tiny Nonpreg in her thigh. One day, she thought, she would have it removed so she could have a baby. She remembered what Craggy had said about life-long love. He had said loving the same partner for perhaps one hundred and thirty years was a big ask. She looked at Rocky, lost in the ambiance of the freighter. Still only nineteen and a freighter Captain first class with his own ship. He had already checked the records. He was the youngest to be where he was that moment.  
Both their parents had been killed in one of the many skirmishes on Earth. They had spent the last few years being taken care of in the orphanage, Rocky noticing the young Amethyst, who seemed to relish teasing him into a confused wreck by ignoring him most of the time. His dreams had never been wild enough to include one about sharing a ship with a beautiful girlfriend, but here was a dream turned reality.
'Back to my place,' Rocky said. 'I am desperate to kiss you.'


Chapter 62

Twenty year old Max Morgan was a strange one. He had a very Welsh accent, even though born on Moon. His mother had been determined the Welsh accent and language would not be lost. Max had become proud of his heritage as embellished by his mother, in fantastic stories of dragons and castles. In his heart, he was a Welshman. 
Morgan was a medium in every way. Height and build with regular features. His close cropped hair made his sharp nose and grey eyes give a studious appearance to his face. Thin lips and shallow cheeks made smiling a challenge for him.
Cragg wondered what it was about these young people that made smiling such a chore for them. He hoped he could get used to the accent. He also sensed a bit of an attitude.
'Never?' Cragg asked.
Max shook his head. 'I've been trained on the new sensors. I heard these sorts of controls were museum pieces.'
'Is that right?' said Cragg, bristling a little. 'I'll have you know, these instruments and controls were specially selected for an experienced pilot like me.'
'Yeah? You look nothing like your pictures.'
'I don't?'
'I didn't realise you are really, really old.'
'Again. Only really old. I could fly circles around you. And I expect a reasonable amount of respect. Just remember. Being a freighter captain means not just being a top pilot, but somebody who can interact with others, and treating everyone as an equal. Not only that, if you want your tickets I have to sign them off. Get the picture?'
'Yes, Sir.'
'Okay. Just relax. Just chill out a little, we'll get along just fine. Off you go, Morgan.'
'Goodnight, Sir.'
'Goodnight, Morgan.' He waited for the airlock hiss. Counted ten for the air to come right, and removed his helmet. Getting a cold beer, he sat at the controls. He looked at the switches, knobs and slides made by craftsmen who took pride in their work. As much art as engineering marvels.
'Museum pieces. Hmm. Kids today.'
He just hoped he could get along with the young man. Time would tell.


Chapter 63

It was in Moon Commander Forbes' boardroom. Forbes had the floor to wind up the final meeting. He had insisted, 'Time is not of the essence on these trips. Getting there safely and intact, is the priority with fairly inexperienced pilots. Not you, Craggy, before you say anything. The freighters have a lower top speed of the ships. So, Captain Dillow, you take the lead, but keep to the freighters speed until you feel confident in your ship, then use Big Bird's speed. It won't be a picnic for you cooped up alone. You'll know that if you run into trouble, you already have help on its way with two freighters on your tail. Look out for and be there for each other at all times. 
Captain Cragg. Your ship is on her maiden flight. I want you second in case there are teething problems. Captain Ramshorn. Take up the rear position, and keep Captain Cragg's freighter in visual range. We feel this is an auspicious and pivotal time in the history of the human race. The first stage of us truly colonising Mars. Everyone on Moon will be there to send you off. I'm proud of all of you. Get some sleep. You have a very big day ahead of you. Goodnight.'
* * *
It actually looked bizarre and a little surreal. Close to two thousand suited people, helmets shining in the sun. Cragg's freighter had been loaded with pods first, and they would be away because Rocky's freighter would only be the time it took to be loaded up with pods behind Cragg. Dillow was on the ramp, ready to be hurled into space. She would be away first.
Forbes took to the stage. 'Citizens of Moon. This is an exciting time for all of us. The colonisation of Mars. It is time, no matter how painful it is, to cut ourselves free from Earth. Today, we are sending the very first loads to Mars that will be the beginning of new lives for all of us. The brave pilots charged with taking this first load epitomise all that is good about this epic adventure. I have Max Morgan's proud parents right here by my side. Pilots. We all wish you a safe journey. Good luck. Take her away, Captain Dillow.'
All eyes were on the huge ramp. There were two thousand gasps as the thrusters started, the locks were released and the monster ship hurtled down the ramp, up the off-ramp and blasted into orbit. This was followed by Cragg's freighter, taking off with ten pods. It was soon tracking Dillow. The two thousand waited the hour for Rocky's freighter to be loaded. 
'Good luck, you two,' said Forbes.
The freighter took off to join the convoy. A strange hush descended. They could see Earth looking battered, alone and unloved. As they watched, somewhere in the West they thought, a mushroom suddenly appeared. Forbes had seen it. He felt a solitary tear trickle down his cheek. That would be the last tear he would shed for that planet.
'I don't know about you guys, but I have things to do.' Forbes looked away from the sight of Earth and walked away.


Chapter 64

'These new freighters are a third faster than my old bus used to be,' said Cragg.
'What's a bus?' Max Morgan asked, innocently.
'Didn't they teach you much about history?'
Morgan shrugged. 'Boring. Mom taught me all about Wales. How it was in the old days. Even before she was born. They had dragons.'
'They did?'
'Big, like monsters. Totally fizzing. I saw pictures. In a children's book.'
Cragg smiled. 'Can't argue with pictures. What do you plan to do on Mars?'
'Be a pilot, of course.'
Cragg said, 'We're flavour of the month at the moment. Once we got all of Moon to Mars, we might not be needed quite so much.'
'We have a couple of years to think about it. What about you?'
'I'm settling down with a lovely lady. So, I have to get you trained up to be flying one of these to finish off the big move. I need you to take this seriously and become the best pilot you can be. Right. Fancy a beer?'
'We have beer?'
'Never had beer?'
'Never. Isn't it illegal?'
Cragg laughed, got a beer each and passed one to Max who sniffed it cautiously. 'You are in for a big surprise on Mars. Right. Did I ever tell you about the time I was taking Captain Dillow for her tickets and we had a jolt from somewhere? Turned out to be a misaligned pod about to come loose. Well. Only one thing to do. Get in my suit and get out there. Anyway, I had a welding gun and a hammer. The trouble was...'
Max Morgan was a little in awe. Here was a man who had been a captain for ever. He was not only a captain, he was the one who trained other captains. He listened to Craggy's spirited rendition of the misaligned pods, but had a little doubt about Cragg accidentally drifting off into space, then making a lasso with his line and had managed to hook a pod to haul himself to safety. The old man spoke with such passion, the infectious storytelling reeling him in. He could see the action in his minds eye, this ordinary looking old man who had achieved so much. It would be an honour to learn from the best.
Cragg was finishing off his story. 'And when Dillow landed the final pods, I made her a captain, first class.'
'Fizzing,' said Morgan. He had no idea where it had gone, but an hour had vanished as fast as a Martian storm.


Chapter 65

Dillow was beginning to question the wisdom in volunteering to fly Big Bird. Words were haunting her. This is the future of space travel.
'Yeah, funny ain't it? Forbes wouldn't let you go to Mars all on your lonesome, Big Bird. You can do the boring bits. I'll find us a parking slot.'
She had a vast selection of music hooked up to the ship's computer, but it didn't stop her having conversations with the ship, becoming longer and stranger. The ship wasn't listening. It was busy flying the ship in the boring bits. But suddenly the ship wobbled. There came a peculiar, long shudder, and a bump. Then nothing.
'Shit. Full systems check.'
'Running Full Systems Check,' said the computer. It had a voice that grated and it took seventy three seconds to run a full systems check. 'All Systems Within Normal And Acceptable Parameters.'
'Yeah? And what was all that racket back there?'
The ship didn't do rhetorical. Dillow got up, holding onto the back of the seat in case the ship wobbled again. Everything seemed calm. She did a Craggy with her hands and face pressed up against the rear wall. She closed her eyes, waiting for the ship to talk to her. This was an exercise she'd repeated every hour or so. Bonding. Becoming one with the ship. She was familiar with the happy ship vibrations. What she was experiencing was not a happy ship.
* * *
'Craggy? Craggy? It's Dillow. Craggy?'
'Err. Hang on. Damn stupid switches. It's me. Err. Morgan.'
'Where's Captain Cragg?'
'Err. Asleep. I think it might be the beer.'
'Beer? Is Craggy drunk?'
'I've lived on Moon all my life. I don't know what drunk looks like.'
Dillow said, 'Boy, have you lived a sheltered life.'
'He did look sort of tired.'
'Well, go wake him up.'
The idea of waking the captain terrified Morgan. 'Me? Go wake him up?'
'Yes. And take a sharp stick with you.'
'I'll need a sharp stick?'
'Don't make me come over there. Get bloody Craggy. Tell him my ship's not happy.'
Morgan scurried to the door and hesitated outside Cragg's room. He'd been ordered to do this by a captain. He had to do it. He knocked. 'Captain Cragg? Sir.'
'Go away,' said Cragg, or something very like that.
'Sir. Captain Dillow wants you. She says her ship isn't happy.'
'She said what?'
'Her ship. It isn't happy.'
There came an assortment of clambering about sounds and bad language. Then an untidy looking Cragg emerged, wrapped up in a robe. He pushed unsteadily past Morgan to his seat on the deck. 'Dillow. Damn. Who the hell messed with these switches? Morgan. You mess with my switches? Never mind. Go get me syncoff. In a bucket. Dillow? Dillow?'
'Here Craggy. Are you drunk?'
'On Mars beer? They don't brew enough to get me drunk. Your ship isn't happy?'
'I had a really scary wobble and a bang.'
'Full systems check?'
'Everything normal and acceptable, according to the computer. I tried that trick of yours with my hands on the walls. Something not like before.'
'Describe it.'
She struggled for the words. 'From the back. There was an odd rumbling followed by the slightest feeling of movement.'
'Check it again.'
'Hang on.' She concentrated. 'Craggy. It's kind of a persistent rattle, not massive, but steady.'
'Is that what you felt before?'
'Not quite the same. Something is going on back there.'
Morgan arrived with the syncoff and Cragg downed half the beaker. 'Jeez. You make crap syncoff. Dillow. Slow down to one tenth. We'll catch up and take a look and see if we can see anything. If it bangs and bumps again, consider stopping altogether.'
'Right. Slowing to one tenth. You should be with me in half an hour.'
'Okay. Stay calm and focussed. We're on your tail. Carlos? Are you awake?'
'This is Mario, the good looking one. What's the beef, Craggy?'
'Captain Dillow has experienced some unusual noises and vibrations on her ship. She reported it a few minutes ago. We are catching her up so we can look over the ship. Can you send us  a copy of the loading plan? I want to know what has been loaded and where.'
'That will be with you in about five minutes. Shall I inform Commander Forbes?'
'Not if he's asleep, otherwise, yes. We'll keep you updated.'
'Will do.'
'Craggy. This is Rocky. Is Dillow okay?'
'Yes. something is rattling around in that tin can of hers. We have to do something about it.'
'We'll put on some speed and catch up with you.'
'More the merrier,' said Cragg.
Something told him this was serious.


Chapter 66

Cragg put the schematics of the big ship and the loading plans on the screen. Most of the load was building sections. One quarter of the domestic buildings had been taken apart and the occupants happy to share accommodation with others. The ship was divided into pressure sealed compartments, each one twenty metres long and the full diameter of the ship. Each had its own hatch, one third the length of the section, so precisely constructed, it fitted almost seamlessly into the body of the ship. It was an engineering marvel. 
There were internal inspection hatches connecting the sections to allow access from the flight deck through each one, right to the rear of the ship and the engines and thrusters. Cragg wanted to try to locate the problem area and assess the potentially unsafe sections before letting Dillow venture anywhere near it.
'Look at that. Precision loading. That, Morgan, is a work of art. All available space utilised, perfect weight balance and distribution.'
Morgan said, 'Amazing work. Craggy. I don't understand why the computer didn't diagnose a problem in the full systems check.'
'I don't trust computers. Even more unreliable than some people. Dillow realised there's a problem simply using her hands.'
'How is that possible?'
Cragg said, 'If there's one thing I can pass on to you, this is it. Unfortunately, most people think of ships as being soulless machines. To my way of thinking, anyone thinking that will never make a good pilot. Think about a ship compared to a human. Does the ship have a brain?'
'It has a computer.'
'That's its brain. How about a heart?'
'I suppose it has fluids circulating like our blood. It has engines, a body,'
Crag said, 'Not unlike a human. Now, if you made a hundred ships, exactly the same, identical in every way, over time, they'll develop their own idiosyncrasies. Call it character. Computers don't recognise character like we do.' He stood up. 'Come with me.'
Morgan followed him, wondering what was coming next.
Cragg said, 'Place the palms of your hands on the wall. Now your face. Good. Close your eyes. Just stay quiet and feel the ship.'
Cragg stood quietly, letting Morgan feel the ship. Finally he said, 'What are you getting?'
'Lots of different tiny vibrations.'
'A happy ship?'
'I'd say so.'
'Okay. Come and sit. That may have seemed a little weird. One day, I'll have that in the training program. Now, when you have a ship of your own, you should not just study the manuals about her. Get intimate with her. I do the touching thing at least three times every shift. I feel for changes. That way you build up your empathy with her. Time for me to suit up.'
'And you're going outside to touch the ship?'
'That's the plan.'
'Let me go.'
Cragg said, 'No. I need you here, driving the bus.' Cragg suited up. 'Are we along side yet?'
'Yes.'
'Right. Close in to one hundred metres.'
That distance worried Morgan. 'That close?'
'You can do it. I'll get ready, you get us nearer.'
Cragg got ready as the rookie nervously manoeuvred the freighter alongside the ship. 'I'm out the airlock now. Just remember, you have an old man out in space on the end of a line. Don't do anything stupid. That's my department. Nice and steady. Dillow?'
'Craggy?'
'I'm just popping outside for a moment. Don't get taking off and roasting me with the thrusters.'
'Understood, Craggy.'
'Good luck,' said Morgan.
'A walk in the park. Or deep space. Same difference without the danger of being mugged.  I'm going outside now and may be some time.'
Cragg jumped out of the airlock, and Morgan watched as the strange old timer calmly walked into deep space.  The old man in a suit, held by a safety line, took a walk in the park.


Chapter 67

'Is that Craggy?' said Amethyst.
Rocky watched Cragg jump out of the airlock. 'Sure is. I hope I have his guts at his age.'
Cragg let himself float over to Big Bird, the line trailing behind him. In typical Craggy style, he went to the pointy end and knocked on the side.
'Craggy. You sacred the crap out of me.'
'Can I come in?'
'Don't be silly. No room in here.'
'Only kidding. Any more bumps and bangs?'
'Nothing.'
'I'm going to feel if there's anything going on in here. Don't go dashing off, cooking me in your thrusters.'
Cragg walked his hands along the ship, his eyes closed, relying on touch only.
'What the hell is he doing?' Amethyst asked. 
'Feeling the ship,' said Rocky. 'I heard he does that.'
'What's he feeling for?'
'Anything that doesn't feel right. This is fascinating stuff. I thought it was an urban myth.'
They watched Cragg move slowly along. After twenty minutes, he was almost halfway along. Suddenly he stopped at one section. He took his hands away and stared at the ship, as if his eyes could bore inside so he could see what was going on. He reached out again and placed both palms on the ship. He went back to the previous section and did the same then back to where he was before. He left there and moved further along and concentrated going back to the area causing him concern.
'Section eleven. Morgan. Can you see what's in there?'
'Packed with metal pipes.'
'Small or large?'
'Large. Almost as long as the section. Ten inches in diameter, heavy gauge.'
Cragg said, 'Dillow. Run another check, but only on section eleven.'
'Doing it now, Craggy.' Seconds later, 'Nothing.'
'Something is going on in eleven. Dillow. I'm coming in. Open the hatch.'
Cragg climbed along to the open hatch. 'Hi. Got the kettle on? I could do with a cuppa.'
It was cramped, but they were both inside.
'Eleven isn't right,' said Cragg. 'Something worked loose, perhaps. I want to go through all the sections and check each one out.'
'The inspection hatch is above us here.'
'Right. I can get through that, just about. The whole ship is pressurised, but you're sure to lose air quality when I open it, so keep your helmet on.'
There was a hiss as Cragg opened the hatch. It was easy in the zero gravity to pull himself through. 'Any inspection lights, Dillow?'
'I have them. Here goes.'
'I really will have that tea with you when I get back. Or a beer, if you have one.'
'You've had enough beer, from what I heard.'
'That's a matter of opinion. See you later. Don't go away. You just...'
'Fly the bus. I know.'


Chapter 68

Cragg went along the inspection passage, stopping at each section. Everything was in order until he reached eleven. As he approached the hatch into eleven, he listened. He heard some disturbing sounds. He checked his suit pressure and air quality. It was all good. He cranked open the small hatch into eleven. Immediately, the noise was much louder. Cautiously, he looked inside.
'Oh, Jeez.'
'Craggy?'
'One section of pipe has come adrift at one end. I don't quite see how...Ah! The webbing held, but the buckle fractured. The end of the pipe has been hitting the inner wall. Any pressure loss from eleven?'
'None.'
'Nor should there be with the sections all self contained and double hulled. I'm just taking a closer look.' Cragg had a close call as the rogue pipe suddenly lifted off and swung around. 'Damn.'
'Craggy?'
'Dillow. Somewhere in your rats nest are some repair tools. The pipe has fractured the inner wall of the section. Nothing too bad at the moment, but we need to secure the pipe and plug the breach. There's only the outer shell keeping the pressure in. I'll have to sit on the pipe to stop it flapping about. You get me some spare webbing, yeah?'
'On my way.'
Cragg settled on the pipes and waited.
* * *
'You took your time,' said Cragg. 'Didn't bring tea, I suppose?'
'No. And this is all the spare webbing I could find.'
'In that case it will have to do. I'll hold the pipe down. You wrap that around the bundle.'
'It won't go all the way around.'
'Tie it to the existing webbing. Nice and tight. Okay?'
Dillow pulled hard on the knots. 'As good as I can get it.'
'It just has to get us home. Now let's look at the damage.'
They both checked out the series off small slits caused by the end of the pipe.
Dillow said, 'That's all the rubbing noises I heard.'
'The ship talking to you,' said Cragg. 'There's no computer keeping an eye on stuff like this. We need to patch the holes. There's only the outer skin between us and space, which makes me nervous.'
'I did see something in the repair kit. I'll be right back.'
'Missing you already.'


Chapter 69

Dillow arrived with a patch kit. 'Its ready to go. Just pull them out of the wrapping.'
'Not very big. You'll need all of those.'
Dillow removed the patches one at a time, covering the splits. She had to work fast as they hardened like rock within two minutes. 'Only just enough.'
'More of a precaution than anything. Strapping that pipe down was the important thing. So. How are you managing on your own?'
'I'll go stir crazy if I'm in here too long. I'll have a few days off on Mars.'
'I think we'll all need that. I had better go and see how Morgan's doing. Come on.'
They crawled along the inspection tunnel and through the hatch into the flight deck. Cragg secured the hatch. 'I never did get that tea.'
'Next time. Thanks, Craggy.'
'You're welcome. Keep an eye on eleven. Morgan? Are you awake?'
'Yes, Sir.'
'I'm coming home. Get the line closer.'
'It's right by the hatch, Sir.'
'Good job, Morgan. On my way.'
'See you on Mars,' said Dillow.
 The line was a short leap ahead of him. Cragg opened the hatch and wriggled out. Dillow sealed it behind him. A slight push away and he had the end of the line and was fixing it to his suit. Minutes later, he was on the deck of his own freighter.
'Syncoff?' Morgan offered. 
'You read my mind. A beer will go down great.'


Chapter 70

'Can you feel anything?' Amethyst asked.
Rocky was hugging the wall. 'She's still happy. Don't knock it. This really works.'
'I wasn't. Now, leave the other love of your life and come here.'
'Sounds interesting.'
'Put your hand on me. A little higher. Feel anything?'
'Your heart.'
'And that's all yours. The ship's on auto, isn't it?'
'She's just doing the boring bits.'
Amethyst took his hand. 'So let her get on with it while we do the interesting bits. Come on.'
* * *
Cragg had a much needed shower and changed into a clean, regulation blue undie-suit. An awe struck Morgan excelled himself providing a feed and Cragg decided to limit himself to just two beers. He had fobbed off Morgan's enthusiasm for his courageous act as just something freighter captains did.
But once again he had surprised himself. He must have broken some kind of record for space walks by now. But his days of crazy antics were coming to an end. All he wanted to do was to spend time with Misty. No more space cowboy living. He would have to be training Max Morgan to take his place. Tomorrow was another day.
'You think that was dangerous. Did I ever tell you of the time I was about to crash into Westmont, with a heat seeking missile on my tail? Well. There I was....'
Morgan listened to another lightly embellished story, knowing he was on a journey to Mars with a living legend.


Chapter 71

When Cragg put the call through to Loading Captain Jay Moore, he had already decided to be as tactful as he could. He liked her and didn't want to offend her. He kept his voice light and friendly.
'Hi. Jay. Old Craggy here. How are you doing?'
'Flat out, Craggy. Is the flight going well?'
'Yeah, not too bad,' said Cragg, casually. 'Well, we did have a bit of an incident, as it happens.'
'Loading related, I take it, seeing as you requested a talk with me. Out with it, Craggy.'
'A pipe came loose in section eleven on Dillow's ship. Did a little bit of damage.'
There was an uncomfortable pause, not all down to the time delay.
'A pipe we loaded broke loose?'
'Yes. No other way to put it.'
Another pause. 'Any idea how it came loose?'
'Yes. The webbing held, but the buckle broke. I suspect the buckle was faulty and possibly cracked when the tension was applied. It wouldn't take much of a movement to let it break completely.'
'At least it wasn't due to sloppy work.'
'I never thought it was, Jay. I've always admired the way you and your team do your job. Always underrated, in my opinion. I just thought you should check the buckles you have there. Maybe even under a microscope to look for hairline fractures.'
'I was thinking the same. I'll get engineering onto it. What damage was done to the ship?'
Cragg said, 'The end of the pipe breached the inner wall of the section.'
'Shit! That's pretty serious. Is it fixed?'
'I went over there and gave Dillow a hand with the repair. We strapped the pipe down. Not to your high standard, obviously, but good enough to get the ship and load to Mars.'
'Thanks, Craggy. I bet Captain Dillow isn't too pleased with me.'
'Look,' said Cragg. 'Things happen, especially in space. It was fixed, that's the main thing.'
'I'll give Dillow a call and apologise for the problem. I'll have all the buckles tested in engineering, before we use them.'
'Good idea. See you in a few months for another load.'
'Bye, Craggy and thanks again.'
* * *
'Hi, Jay. A bit of a surprise getting a call from you,' said Dillow.
'Craggy told me you had a problem with a load.'
'I hope that old goat hasn't been having a go at you.'
'Not at all,' said Jay. 'But of course I take it personally if my department causes an accident. I'm so sorry it happened, Fawn.'
'It happened. We fixed it.'
Another pause. 'But if that pipe had breached the outer wall...'
'Well, it didn't. Don't worry about it.'
'It's my job to worry about it. I'm having all the buckles tested before we use them.'
That had Dillow thinking. 'Could any more buckles be suspect? I don't fancy having the ship destroyed because of a few dodgy parts.'
Moore had been wondering the same thing. 'I can't rule out any more bad buckles. I'd suggest you spend some time checking them out, but if the cracks are fine, even microscopic, you probably won't be able to see them, not without some magnification.'
'I kinda wish you hadn't said that, Jay. Now I feel like I'm sitting in a ticking time bomb.'
'Just telling you how it is, Fawn. Best you're aware of the facts. I'll get back to you once I've had the engineering report.'
'Thanks. Just don't beat yourself up over this. It wasn't your fault.'
'I appreciate you saying that. I'll get right onto the buckle testing. Bye.'
'Bye.' Dillow sighed. One thing she didn't need was another headache.


Chapter 72

Dillow settled in for the last half of the trip. Craggy had done it again. Yet another space walk, finding the problem and actually fixing it. And yet to him, it was just one of those things. If she had simply accepted the computer check and not done a Craggy, she would have missed it. And Craggy found the problem simply by touching the side of the ship. How mad was that? But that pipe had done serious damage. Had it pierced the outer shell...It didn't bear thinking about. That he had been destined to be a glorified toilet cleaner was ridiculous.
She smiled at the idea he was on his way to his lover. Misty was a lucky lady, having a man like Cragg. She should be so lucky. But she had been lucky in love, once upon a time. As Big Bird hummed along, she had time to reflect on times long ago. 
He was Security Sergeant Hank Dale. One of her father's officers. It had been her father's fortieth birthday. There was a special celebration for the man nicknamed Armour Dillow.
She had been a couple of months off her eighteenth birthday. Naturally, there had been no alcohol. But that didn't stop a good time. Her dad had dug out some old farts music. It was a wild, manic sound that surfaced after the war of seventy seven. It represented what was supposed to be the rebirth of Earth. It wasn't.
Hank was wearing something called a Hawaiian shirt which shouldn't have been allowed out in daylight. He was twenty two. Not regulation handsome. But the cocky smile and the way he was always laughing, cracking painfully bad jokes, did something to her. There was only one problem. Armour Dillow.
Widowed fathers were always overprotective of their daughters. Few boys ever had anything to do with her. A father who stood over seven feet tall in his helmet, who could kill a man with a single blow and was deadly with any type of weapon, tended to keep potential suitors at a very long arms length. Multiply that fear by a hundred for a father who was also Space Security Commander and that Hank had actually asked her to dance was impressive enough.
It turned out her father wasn't the ogre everybody thought he was. He hadn't been blind to the way other teenage girls had dates while his own daughter never did. He had never tried to look intimidating whenever a boy had shown any interest, but even smiling and saying hi was enough to have them running for the hills.
Lance Dillow liked Hank. Not just as one of his officers, but as a man. They shared the same humour of bad jokes. He trusted Hank. They had seen action where their lives were on the line. So when Hank actually stayed around and love blossomed, Lance kept a discrete distance, but with a naturally fatherly eye. Her father had told her if he was ever going to like a boyfriend of hers, she couldn't go far wrong with a Space Security Officer.
And he'd been right. Nearly three wonderful years. She was in ship maintenance, Hank was dealing with crime, on Moon and around it. They had discussed things like living together, maybe even a baby sometime in the future. Hank was kind, romantic and affectionate. Between keeping Moon moving and safe, they spent all other hours together.
Moon was still very much under the control of Earth. Things were pretty bad on Earth. The wars had created strange situations on the planet. The West had a prisoner of war camp, as did the East. The trouble was, the West stopped feeding their prisoners. It could have had something to do with the top politicians who having caused the wars whilst keeping themselves safe, had planned a one way trip to Moon. 
The four huge ships were jamb packed with them, the ships being built for that very reason, years before the Hydrogen War. It had no doubt been something of a surprise to them when several hundred starving prisoners stormed the ships prior to take off. Many politicians had their careers suddenly terminated that day.
The pilots, actually fairly indifferent to politicians in general, were only too happy to take off for a new life on Moon. And had it happened years later, the outcome would have been much different. The Earth demanded the apprehension of those violent criminals the moment they landed. Moon had no authority to ignore the commands from the governing planet.
Nobody understood quite what happened that day the four ships had landed on the Moon. The prisoners, from many different countries, had pleaded their plight, telling of how they had been locked up to starve to death.
The Moon Commander of the time had offered the prisoners a fair hearing and a promise to be dealt with fairly, providing they came out without weapons. This had been accepted. The Space Security officers were heavily outnumbered but didn't expect trouble from prisoners seeking amnesty. Perhaps hunger had snapped a few minds. Three crazed prisoners came out all guns blazing, and the officers reacted. Other prisoners, thinking the officers had fired first, also came out shooting. Three officers died, including Hank. Her father had ordered his officers to retreat and he finally persuaded the prisoners to lay down their weapons if the officers did the same. No more on either side died that day.
It had been just a regrettable and in hindsight, preventable tragedy.  The doctors confirmed during the medical examinations that some of the prisoners may have had their mental faculties affected by starvation. Earth went quiet. Moon stopped listening. Those prisoners became free and solid citizens of Moon. The ships were used for making more useful ships, where trips back to Earth became less of a priority.
Dillow had been inconsolable for a month. No one was ever buried on Moon. All were cremated, and traditionally, their ashes were added to the grey sand of Moon, to become a part of the whole. The three officers were cremated with full service honours, and their colleagues in full black armour, stepped slowly as the ashes were taken outside to what was known as Moon Ash Hill, and Fawn Dillow had been allowed to cast Hank's ashes to mix with the sand. She used to go there sometimes, and she would pick up a handful of sand and throw it down the hill, which had become another tradition.
Dillow's thoughts returned to the ship. The face of Hank faded. An oppressive loneliness enveloped her, drowning her, crushing her.
'Ship. There had better be a man out there for me somewhere. The poor shmuck has no idea what he's in for.'


Chapter 73

'Okay. I want to see that pod finished before the shifts over,' said Engineering supervisor Luke Landers to one of his team. 'Oh, Jay. What can I do for you?'
'I think we may have an equipment issue.' Moore passed Landers a typical buckle. 'One of these fractured on Captain Dillow's ship. A pipe got loose and breached the internal wall.'
'Damn. Is she okay?'
'Yes. Thanks to Craggy. Luke. I'm not loading another thing on that ship unless I know the buckles are safe.'
'Fair enough. You want these tested?'
'Right away, please. Luke. I'm worried about Dillow. What if there are more bad buckles?'
'This becomes priority,' said Landers, waving the buckle. 'How many have you got?'
'Not in use, a little over four hundred.'
'Jeez. Okay. Get your people to bring them over to the engineering workshop. I'll get the technicians onto it right away.'
'Thanks, Luke. On my way.'


Chapter 74

Two weeks out from Mars, Dillow had decided to stay with the convoy, rather than use the ship's extra speed to reach the red planet sooner. The incident had unsettled her and she took comfort in having two other ships on her tail. The others made a point of contacting Dillow regularly, just to chat and keep her spirits high. Rocky said perhaps some modification could allow for a crew of two.
Dillow had replied that anything delaying the relocation project wasn't an option. Rocky even offered to be the one to take the ship on her return trip to Moon, feeling the hot glare from Amethyst at such a suggestion. She had been relieved when Dillow had declined the offer. To have their flying island of love for just the two of them was something special the other teenagers would be rightly envious of. She wasn't about to give that up if she didn't have to.
On Cragg's freighter, the old timer was going over the controls for the nineteenth time with Morgan.
'Can I take the blindfold off, Sir?'
'No. You almost had it that time. One more go. Gently. I don't want any switches accidentally triggered.'
Morgan took a deep breath and slid his fingers across the controls. 'Left thruster. Right thruster. Landing thrusters.'
'Correct.'
'Speed control slide. Thruster balance regulator. Air regulator. Temperature control. Computer systems check. Radio controls...'
Morgan scored one hundred percent on control identification.
'Well done. Now, if for any reason you lost lights in here, you could still work the controls.'
Morgan proudly removed the blindfold. 'Is that how you learnt?'
'Not really. Unlike you, I didn't have such an enlightened teacher. I had Freight Captain William Croxford. Big Billy he was known as. The trouble with Billy was he didn't like rookies messing with the controls. I mean, come on. How else is a rookie to learn? All I was good for was all the dirty and menial jobs. I could only mess when he was snoring his head off in his pit. The old codger went and had a heart attack. Pretty much just dropped dead.'
'Jeez. What did you do?'
'I managed to get him in his suit to keep the stink in. But that left me on my own to get the freighter home. To do that, I had to learn the controls damn fast. I hadn't a clue what I was doing. I ended up on a heading that would have me crashing into Venus. I focused on those damn controls, figured it out, and got the old bus turned around and heading for home.'
'Wow.' Morgan picked up the blindfold and put it on. 'One more time, hey?'
'Good man,' said Cragg, grinning.


Chapter 75

Tim Reynolds, chief engineering technician stepped aside. 'Take a look through the magnifier.'
Jay Moore looked at the offending article. 'I see a luminous line. Is that a crack?'
'Yes. The luminous ink penetrates the cracks making them more visible. It would be impossible to see them with the naked eye. There isn't much depth to the cracks either. Just a surface crack. But the tension applied during loading is enough to open it right up. I have done a tensile test and it failed miserably, well below specification.'
'We work to a specified tension. Webbing and buckles are designed to exceed that tension by three times.'
'It's a faulty batch. See this number stamped on it? B79xIA. That is for a batch of twenty, a rubbish delivery from Earth. I tell you, I reckon the less we have from those cowboys, the better. All the buckles with different batch numbers have been tested okay. I've found fourteen with this batch number having the same cracks.'
'My God. Where are the other six?'
'You don't have more buckles?'
'No. They are all here. It could be the other six were used on Dillow's ship. We know at least one was.'
Reynolds stared at the fourteen faulty buckles. 'I think you have some damage control to do.'
'Bloody great,' said Moore, hurrying away.
* * *
Dillow took the call. 'Jay. Nice to hear from you again.'
'You might not feel the same way when you have heard the news.'
Dillow closed her eyes, mentally preparing. 'Go on.'
'We have identified the batch of dodgy buckles.'
'That's a good thing, right?'
'Sort of. But we can't account for six of them. Fawn. It's possible they are all on your ship.'
That was hard to swallow. 'One's already broken. There could still be five somewhere.' She multiplied the damage caused by the wayward pipe five times. That could wreck the ship and threaten her life.
'Will they all be in section eleven?'
'No. Fawn. We reuse webbing and buckles over and over. The faulty batch from Earth was one of the last batches we got from them. We have never had an incident like this in ten years. There was simply no reason for us to suspect components that should exceed all specifications, so there is no coordination of stamp-marks identification as to where they are used. They were all mixed up.'
'This keeps getting better and better. How many buckles were used to secure my load?'
Moore said, 'Three hundred and sixty five.'
Dillow counted to ten. 'I have three hundred and sixty five buckles, five of which are potentially dangerous?'
'Potentially. Yes.'
'Okay. What's the batch number I have to look for?' 
'B79xIA.'
'Got that. Thanks, Jay. I have to get busy.'


Chapter 76
 
'Craggy?'
'Dillow. How are you this lovely morning, afternoon, evening or whatever it is.'
'Evening, Moon Base Time. Bad news.'
'Is there any other kind? What is it now?'
Dillow said, 'Jay Moore has just told me there are probably another five of those bad buckles on my ship. Five in three hundred and sixty five and they could be anywhere.'
Cragg whistled. 'Don't we ever get small problems? You need help over there.'
'Music to my ears. Are you coming over?'
'Not me. I'm too long in the tooth for crawling along inspection ducts and climbing in and out of all those hatches. My back's only just got straight again. I'll send Morgan.'
'As he space walked before?'
Cragg chuckled. 'Always a first time. I'll get him suited up. Can't wait to see his face. Morgan? Where are you? I got a little job for you.'
'I'm here. You need a syncoff? A beer?'
'Nope. I want you to jump out of the ship.'
* * *
'I'll stay in our airlock and see you are safe,' said Cragg. 'Now you have all the spare line to tie up anything needing it. Those hand-shears will cut it, but don't waste any.'
'Okay, I'm ready.'
'Take a deep breath. When you jump, go hard and aim for in front of the hatch. Dillow. Morgan's about to come over. Open the outer airlock for him. Okay. Morgan. Have fun.'
Morgan gritted his teeth, fixed a line to his belt, stood on the edge of the airlock and dived over enthusiastically to the ship, and he hit it hard.
'Urgh!'
'Morgan. Are you okay?'
'Urgh. I'll live.'
Cragg snapped, 'So stop messing about and get in the damn ship.'
Morgan climbed through the hatch and was swallowed up by Big Bird as the hatch closed behind him. Cragg reeled in the safety line and stowed it for later. He went back in the freighter and sat on his seat. Finding the rogue buckles would take hours. All they could hope for was that the buckles could be found before any more broke.


Chapter 77

'Feeling energetic?' Dillow asked. 
'Not too bad. Better get going, I guess.' Morgan was through the hatch into the inspection ducting. It was cramped, and only passable on all fours. 'At least we have lights.'
They started with section one and found no dodgy buckles. Two and three were the same. In section four, they found one buckle.
'It hasn't broken,' said Morgan.
'That doesn't mean it couldn't go at any time. We leave it as is, just wrap some line around the whole thing as a backup.'
Morgan tied off one end and made a single loop around the building sections. He pulled hard and tied the free end close to the suspect buckle. 'Done. Section five.'
'After you,' said Dillow.
They spent the next two tiring hours until they reached section ten. No more bad buckles had been found.
'We're over half way,' said Dillow. 'Something to eat and drink before we carry on.'
'I could use a break.'
'Back to the pointy end.'
It was a basic prepack washed down with simfruit juice. A toilet trip in the cramped wash-room and they were ready to continue. They had a call from Cragg before they started.
'Are you winning?' he asked.
'We only found one so far,' said Dillow. 'It hadn't broke, but we tied a length of line around the load just in case.'
'How far along are you?'
'About half way. We'll take another look at eleven and just keep going.'
'Okay. Keep me in the loop. Good luck.'
'Thanks, Craggy.'
Dillow entered the inspection duct and Morgan followed her half the length of the ship until they reached section eleven. The line she and Cragg had tied around it was still secure. They looked for more buckles but found none. It was hard going in and out of hatches and the inspection duct was draining their energy. 
They still had four buckles to find. Knowing the risks to the ship, they pushed themselves. In section fourteen they found one bad buckle. On close inspection, they could see it had opened up along the crack. It had held, but only just. Again leaving it in place, they added an additional length of line to keep the load together.
They were in section nineteen all buckles were good. They were about to get out, when they heard a bumping noise. 
'I don't like the sound of that,' said Morgan.
Dillow was through the hatch first, scurrying along the duct. She stopped at the hatch to allow Morgan to catch up to her. The sounds of banging were louder, something crashing around the section.
'I'll go in first,' said Morgan.
'The hell you will. My ship, my responsibility. Give me some space.' Dillow cracked the hatch and looked inside. 'Oil drums. A few are bouncing around. One looks like it's split.'
'Jeez. All that mess floating around.'
'Take care in here.'
Dillow lowered herself into section twenty. Three two-hundred litre plastic drums were floating around, crashing into one another, and making an impression on the inner shell. Fortunately, there were no breaches that she could see. Much more bouncing with the barrels and the hull would give in eventually. A full barrel bounced into her back. She wasn't hurt, but it had emphasised the danger and urgency. As soon as Morgan got down, they were grappling the barrels. 
They grabbed one of the undamaged full ones first, and mauled it back with the dozens of others. Dillow put her body against it and Morgan wrapped the line about it. Globs of oil were glooping all around them, splashing into their suits, staining their helmets, making vision difficult. Morgan wiped his visor with the back of his gloved hand, making the smear even worse. Dillow grabbed the second full barrel, and Morgan had to work by touch to tie it down. 
It left just the split barrel to deal with. With so much oil everywhere, it was becoming a nightmare. Even getting a grip on the oil covered barrel, still with over one hundred litres of oil in it, was almost impossible. Morgan had only a small patch he could see out of his visor with one eye.'
'Stay where you are,' said Dillow. 'I have the barrel.'
Even in zero gravity, the oily drum proved a challenge to manoeuvre. The drum was almost over to the open arms of Morgan, when Dillow slipped with the barrel on top of her, slamming her against the edge of the tops of the secured barrels.
'God almighty.'
'Captain Dillow?'
'I'm hurt, Morgan. Jeez, that hurts. No. Leave me. Secure the barrel.'
Morgan went by touch and what little he could see of the barrel and line. It was the last of the line and he barely had enough for the job. It didn't look pretty, but it would get them home.
'Come on. Can you get out of here?'
'I feel sick with pain.'
Morgan said, 'Let me help you out.' He went through the small hatch then turned around and held out his arms for Dillow. 'To me. You can do this.'
Dillow kicked against the floor and floated up to him. He grabbed her arms and eased her into the inspection duct. Her yell of pain hurt his ears.
'Take a minute. Anything broken. Ribs?'
'Jeez. Not sure. I don't think so. Hurts like hell.'
Morgan said, 'sorry, but I have to get you to your cot.'
They had to go the full length of the ship in the narrow duct, Morgan making his way slowly backwards, pulling the injured Dillow along after him. Every metre of progress was excruciating agony for Dillow, and Morgan had to ignore the yelps of pain to make headway. It took half an hour to make it through the hatch into the flight deck. He sealed the hatch, equalised the pressure and oxygenated the air. He took off his own helmet and then he removed Dillow's helmet.
'I'll fetch the first aid kit.' He found that, and took out a soluble capsule of painkiller. 'Here. Take this.' Dillow swallowed the capsule and Morgan got her a drink of water. 'How are you feeling?'
'Oily. Damn, this shit stinks.'
'How's the pain?'
'Like you wouldn't believe.'
'Let the painkiller work and I'll help you out of your suit.'
Dillow gasped. 'You undress me? I don't think so.'
'Just the suit so you can lay on your cot.'
'The painkiller's kicking in. Hurry, before I change my mind.'
It was the first time Morgan had helped a woman out of a suit. The sharp stabbing pains in Dillow's back were only partially reduced by the capsule, but eventually, she was in her one piece undies. 
'One last push and you'll be on your cot.'
Dillow allowed herself to be manhandled into the sleeping compartment with the small cot. She lay down, writhing with the pain. 
'I'd get you another capsule, but it said only one per hour.'
'I'll be okay. I just need to rest. Thanks, Morgan.'
He heard Cragg's voice over the radio. 'Morgan. What's happening?'
'The good news, we found all the buckles and made everything secure. The bad news, is Dillow's been hurt.'
'Bloody hell. Is she bad?'
'It could be broken ribs. Hard to say.  She's had a painkiller and is on her cot.'
Cragg assessed the options. 'Obviously Dillow can't fly the ship.'
'I can't land this bird, Craggy. What do we do?'
'Leave it with me. I'll think of something. You look after  Dillow.'


Chapter 78

Cragg called Rocky. 'Rocky. We need you to swap over with Morgan. Dillow's hurt and he hasn't enough experience to land that bird.'
'Think he can handle a freighter okay?'
'I think so. We don't have any choice. I can keep an eye on him, but you need to get Dillow to Mars for medical attention. Now, pull along side.'
It took twenty minutes to catch up with Big Bird and pull along side the  ship's airlock hatch. Cragg took his freighter above the two ships to see things hopefully go well. Rocky wasted no time in jumping over to the hatch. Through that open airlock came Morgan. The two did an awkward shuffle as the safety line was unhooked from Rocky, and fastened to Morgan.
'No fooling around with my girl, okay,' said Rocky with a laugh.
'I wouldn't dream of it. Good luck.'
'You too, Max. See you on Mars. Don't break my ship.'
Rocky entered the ship through the airlock as Max Morgan pulled himself along the safety line to join Amethyst Bouquet. Craggy only started breathing again when both young men were safe.
'Rocky. Break some speed records. Get Dillow to Mars. We'll see you in a few days.'
'On our way.'
There was a blast from the rear thrusters and the big ship became a blue speck in the distance. Cragg knew they were putting a lot on the shoulders of young, inexperienced pilots.
'Gotta be an easier way of making a living,' he told himself.


Chapter 79

'Stella. Rocky Ramshorn calling.' It took a few minutes of time delay to have a conversation.
'Things are getting interesting, by the sound of things. When do you get to Mars?'
'Sixteen hours at full speed.'
'How's Captain Dillow?'
'In a lot of pain. No blood coming out yet, though.'
'Look out for that. Craggy's already told Mars to be ready for her. Now. You landed that bird on a fairground ride on your first landing in her. She can land on any flat surface. You can do this.'
'Thanks. I'm going to get Captain Dillow another pain capsule. I'll call you again nearer Mars.'
'I'll be here.'
* * *
Cragg said, 'Morgan. Are you okay?'
'Yes. Amethyst has a grip on this freighter already. Between us we'll get there. At least it has proper controls, not those old things on your ship.' He watched as Amethyst almost doubled up stifling her laughter.
'Is that right?' snorted Cragg. 'You just waggle your fingers over them bloody sensors and get Rocky's girlfriend back to him. And Amethyst, too.'
Craggy let the computer do the boring bits. He still hadn't much respect for computers. He couldn't see them throwing themselves off one ship to float out in deep space on a thin line to another. They couldn't even feel a ship and know if it was happy. People gave computers too much credit. He got himself a beer and let himself be carried through the empty vast ocean, thinking about Misty Rivers.
He took a slurp of his beer. 'They'll need a crowbar to get us apart this time. I'm on my way, Misty.'


Chapter 80

Mars Commander Potts had all department heads to the meeting. 'We have Big Bird and a freighter being piloted by rookies. Ramshorn has flown the big ship before, but it's still a big ask for him to pull this off. On the freighter, are two out and out rookies. Max Morgan and Amethyst Bouquet.  
Freighter Captain Cragg is alongside them. If anyone can get them down safely, Craggy can. It will be daylight when Rocky and Dillow get here, so that's a blessing. The landing strip is ready for his ship. Morgan will be here in another three days, as will Craggy. I want Morgan first on the cradle. I want him unloaded in record time so we can get Craggy down. All fire and rescue teams need to be flexible. Twelve and a half hours, people. Make us proud.'
* * *
'Don't be ridiculous, Captain Moore,' said an exasperated Moon Commander Forbes. 'I have no intention of accepting your resignation. Why should I shoot myself in the foot? You are one of the best department leaders on Moon. You are amazing at what you do.'
'Sir. With respect. We could have lost the ship. We could have lost Fawn Dillow. All because I wasn't doing my job right.'
'You had no way of knowing those buckles were faulty.'
Moore said, 'I never thought to have them tested. How stupid is that?'
'You were never required to. We can write that into the procedures to stop it happening again.'
'But...'
Forbes waved his hand at her. 'Go get some sleep. Sleep knowing you have my full support and backing. I want you back doing what you were born to do. Go. Sleep.'
* * *
'You wanted to see me, Anton?'
'Lance. What's the latest on Fawn?'
'No blood. Rocky doesn't think she's punctured her lungs. She just took a hammer blow to her ribs. She has painkillers and Rocky's doing all he can to take care of her. Fawn will be okay.'
'I'm sure she will be. Lance. You don't hold Jay Moore responsible do you?'
Surprised at the question, Dillow shrugged. 'Jay? Some buckles broke, didn't they? Supposed to take three times the maximum load. No way was Jay to blame. Those buckles were made on Earth, many years ago. I blame those idiots if anyone.'
'Jay seems to think she is to blame. I tried to put her straight. Lance. If it came from you, maybe she'd believe it. I don't have to tell you how brilliant she is at what she does. With everything going to Mars, she is a key to that being a safe and successful enterprise.'
Lance agreed. 'We need her more than ever before. I'll go talk to her. We need her doing what she does best. This relocation will take all the expertise we have, and that includes Jay.'
* * *
Jay Moore threw her arms around Armour Dillow. 'I am so sorry. I should have come to see you. I was too scared.'
'Oh, Jay. The rumour I eat people whole is a malicious lie. Fawn will be fine. She's a Dillow. She's tough.'
'It was my fault. I could have...'
'Jay. Nobody blames you. I don't, Fawn doesn't. It was an accident, pure and simple. Do you think we can do this move to Mars without you? No way.'
Moore wiped her tears away. 'Thank you. I think I can live with myself again.'
'Sleep. Tomorrow is a new day for all of us. Goodnight, Jay.'
'Thanks, Lance.'
* * *
'How are you doing,' Rocky asked.
'Better for that.'
It was hard work in the cramped single cot room, tagged onto a minuscule wash-room, but when nature calls, she has to be obeyed. Rocky assisted Dillow onto her cot.
'Need another capsule?'
'Not just yet. I'm a little easier. Are you okay with the ship?'
'I'm fine. Stella will help us down.'
'Good. Has my father been told what's happened?'
'Of course. Everyone knows. Mars is all geared up for our arrival. Thank God I can get a beer there. I'll need one.'


Chapter 81

Rocky poked his head into the bunk room. 'Fawn? Are you awake?'
'Hmm. I am now.'
'Sorry. I just wanted you to know we're just one hour from landing.'
Dillow tried to sit up but the pain in her back hit her like a bayonet being rammed into her. She fell back on the cot. 'I'm going nowhere.'
'Just relax. I'll land like a butterfly.'
He took the one and only seat by the controls. Ahead was the red planet. He slowed to one quarter power. He imagined the activity down below as he remembered the words of wisdom from Craggy. 'There's no hurry, Rocky. Land when you're good and ready.'
The marsillium coated hull was barely affected by the atmospheric entry. As he passed lower and levelled out, he could make out the Bases and the mines. Another orbit at one tenth power and he could see the cradle ready for the freighters. This time he was looking for a purpose built landing strip. At two miles long and a quarter mile wide, it would be hard to miss.
'Coming in, people. Coming in.'
A final slow pass and he powered up the landing thrusters.
The time delay on the radio signal had Stella several minutes late in contacting the ship when she'd said. 'Rocky? Need anything?'
Realising they would have landed before she got the reply, he told her anyway. 'I can handle it, thanks Stella. Landing now.'
Back on Moon, Fawn's anxious father asked, 'Is everything okay, Stella?'
'I was a little out on my time calling them. But it's going perfectly, Lance. Nice and gentle, Rocky.'
Lance Dillow bit his lower lip as the ship landed. With just radio to communicate with, he had to close his eyes to imagine Rocky Ramshorn at the controls of the ship, landing in the iron oxide sand. Then he heard the delayed words over the radio.
'We're safe and sound, safe and sound. Medics. Injured captain in here. Come get her.'
'Rocky did it,' said Stella. 
'Never doubted it for a minute,' said Armour Dillow, a man whose prayers had been answered.

Chapter 82

Rocky got out of the airlock to let a single medic in. With the airlock sealed back up behind him, the medic injected Dillow with a powerful relaxant and painkiller. He was then able to suit her up and attach her helmet. He opened the airlock and half carried her to it. Strong gloved hands outside the hatch took her, strapped her to a stretcher and onto a buggy in which Rocky was waiting, which hurried away to the medical centre, leaving clouds of red dust in its wake.
Max Morgan, relieved at the big birds safe landing, hugged Amethyst Bouquet. 'See? Rocky's a natural.'
'I'm never leaving his side again.'
'Then he's the luckiest man on Mars. I'd better get you over there.'
* * *
'One down, two to go,' said Cragg to himself. 'Two days to go.'
'Craggy?'
'Is that you, Misty?'
'The one and only. God, I've missed you.'
Cragg said, 'Well, you'll be pleased to know I'm done being a freighter pilot. I'm a land lubber from now on.'
'Yeah, right.'
'I mean it. I'm keeping both feet firmly on the ground from now on. Time to make an honest woman out of you.'
'Dixon Cragg. Was that a proposal?'
Cragg had to think about that. 'I guess it is.' He turned the radio to the open frequency so anyone could hear his declaration of love. 'Some might think Old Craggy isn't romantic. But for the record, I am hurtling along in a tin can, across the heavens, to be with the woman I love. And if she'll have me, we will do the old fashioned thing and get married.'
'Craggy...'
'Don't say anything yet. That was just us getting engaged. I haven't asked you properly yet. Tell me your answer when I do.'
'Okay. I'll be waiting. Goodnight.'
'Goodnight.'
He sat and smiled. Now the whole of Mars new his intentions. It wasn't the way he had anticipated broaching the big question, and he knew why he had said it when he had. If his landing went wrong, he might not survive. He wanted to leave Misty knowing how proud he was of their love, proud enough to want for everyone to know about it. If he didn't survive, he would die knowing Misty knew how much he loved her. Little consolation, but at least it was something.


Chapter 83

Two days flew by as did the freighters. It was time for Max Morgan to land a freighter with ten pods on the cradle for the first time in his life. It helped to have Craggy riding shotgun.
Morgan said, 'Mars is coming at us pretty damned fast, Captain Cragg. I'm not sure the heat shield is opening.'
Anything was possible, thought Cragg, but he couldn't let that concern creep into the rookie's mind. There was no room for doubt when landing a freighter for the first time.
Cragg whispered, hardly aware he was vocalising his thoughts. 'Bloody heat shield. Come on, damn it. Open for God's sake.'
'Craggy...'
Cragg kept the tension out of his voice, trying desperately to add a smile to his tone. 'It'll happen. Relax.'
All across Mars, the others could feel the drama being played out above them. They all watched the heavens, willing the freighter to open its shield and glow a cheery, cherry red. That much mental projection couldn't be denied.
'Shields open,' said Morgan.  
Cragg remembered to breathe. 'No big deal. It was supposed to. One more time round the block,' Cragg told him.
'Block? What the hell is he talking about?' asked Morgan.
'I think he means do another orbit,' said Amethyst.
Morgan said, 'It must be an old person thing. He's got like a whole strange language of his own.'
'Hello,' said Cragg. 'I am still here, you know?'
'Nice to have your company,' said Morgan. 'Okay. Once more round the block.'
Cragg kept a safe distance out of Mars' atmosphere, keeping a lid on his nerves. 'Power down to one tenth, Morgan.'
'Powering down.'
'As you approach the cradle, ease back and increase landing thrusters.'
'Coming in, people. Powering down, increasing landing thrusters.'
Cragg was holding right back, beads of sweat on his brow. Yet, like he had done it a thousand times, Max Morgan set the pods on the cradle, and the freighter kissed the ground with the tenderness of a long lost lover.
'Morgan,' Cragg said, 'Unlock all pods. Work with the pod lifter until they're all off, then take the freighter away to its pad.'
'Is it okay if Amethyst gets away to see Rocky?'
'Of course. Just make sure you're suited up well, Amethyst.'
The next moment, a suited figure left the freighter airlock, a buggy ready to whisk her away to the medical centre to join Rocky and Dillow.
Morgan said, 'Amethyst's on her way to Rocky.'
'Ah. Loves young dream,' said Cragg with a chuckle.
'Don't forget loves old dream,' said Misty.
'Hi. A bit of a log jamb here. I just have to go round the block.'
He chatted to Misty as he circumnavigated the planet. Two orbits later, the cradle had been cleared and Morgan had taken the freighter to its pad. It was Craggy's turn. How many times had he done this? A kid, never flying solo before in his life had landed his pods like a pro.
'Calm down, Craggy. The sooner you get down, the sooner you can have a beer.' He engaged the computers auto entry mode and hoped he didn't have the same paranoid insecurities about leaving his fate in the control of a bunch of chips and circuitry. Cragg's natural suspicions about computers in general only exacerbated the situation. He needn't have worried. To the millisecond, the freighter's shield opened up like a huge, insane metal umbrella. 'Thank you, Lord.'
Cragg could do nothing but trust his life to the imponderables of something put together by fellow humans, millions of miles away; people he couldn't shout at if it went horribly wrong, especially as he would be horribly dead.
'Think warm and fuzzy thoughts, Craggy.' 
Flying blind behind the big glowing shield with a temperature off the scale, he felt the freighter respond to further commands from the computer, as it relinquished controls to a human. The shield started to retract and the thrusters were in perfect balance. Slowly he worked the museum piece controls with a delicate touch. He was so close, but a Martian storm, whipping up two hundred miles per hour winds, got there first. 
It was a pile driver of a storm, a Martian monster that came out of nowhere and hammered anything in its path. It slammed into the freighter and pods and Cragg found himself in a maelstrom. The partially open shield caught the storm perfectly, and all bets were off. 


Chapter 84

Cragg didn't think, he just reacted. He was still flying blind through a thick cloud of iron oxide, and any attempts at course correction were negated by the storm so powerful, it was preventing complete shield retraction. Any and all thrusters were maxed and the freighter did a complete barrel roll as the storm became hell bent on destroying everything. 
Cragg cursed and fought the controls. The thrusters were no longer in harmony but fighting each other. Up Cragg flew, feeling sick from the spinning, dizzy from g forces. He could no longer see. Strange words floated through his mind. He could hear Max Morgan asking, 'Is that how you learnt? Blindfold?'
It was trying to see what he was doing that made him feel sick. So he closed his eyes, trusted his hands, trusted his instincts. He blasted out of the blinding cloud and things were steady enough to open his eyes again, only to see Olympus Mons directly ahead, which wasn't so good. The ship stopped spinning. The thrusters were balanced again, but the freighter was on collision course with the biggest mountain in the solar system.
'Oops.'
Cragg forced the freighter into manoeuvres it was never designed to stand. But crashing into the huge mountain was averted and so was disaster, but it was just a temporary fix and the voice filling his helmet told him so. The nausea returned and he closed his eyes again. Throwing up in a sealed space-suit was not to be recommended.  
'Dixon Cragg! You damn well pull up, you hear me?'
'Misty?'
'Pull up, damn it.'
Cragg opened his eyes. 'Shit!' He was seconds away from crashing.
No freighter pilot could have pulled a ship up at that speed, with a still partly open shield and thrusters determined to make another crater on the pockmarked planet. Nobody but Dixon Cragg. 
'Come on, you piece of..'
'Cragg!'
'I'm onto it, Pottsy. Kinda busy right now.'
The freighter was level with the ground, so close it ploughed a furrow in the soft red sand, creating its own sandstorm, sending up a sun blocking cloud.
'Cragg. You're heading right for the Bases.'
'I noticed. Going up.'
Several hundred suited people ducked and dived for cover as the freighter roared towards them. They waited for the crash, as the ship skimmed the ground. The crash didn't happen, as the freighter and pods missed the top of Base three so close its passing blew the dust off the top of it. Again he tried the shield. This time it closed up completely allowing him to win back control of the ship.
'That was close,' said Cragg, remembering to breathe. 'Sorry about that, Pottsy.'
'Craggy. Turn that damn bus around and park it.'
'No appreciation of real style, some people.'
Cragg flew up to a reasonable height, banked in a wide arc, lined up on the cradle, landed and waited for something like a normal heart-rate to return. He didn't even remember unlocking the pods and stepping out of the airlock. He only remembered seeing Misty, smiling, and Pottsy, still recovering from the entire Mars Bases almost being obliterated. 
'So. What's a guy gotta do to get a beer around here?'


Chapter 85

Two years later.
Marsopia was a vibrant city of nearly three thousand people. Their colour, ethnic origins, and ancestry were largely forgotten. For weren't those some of the human condition that had ultimately destroyed the Earth? They were bonded by the need to survive and to tame a hostile world, with a burning desire to get it right. They were all just people. Nothing more, nothing less.
There were now eight Bases, and one thousand self contained homes. Moon had been abandoned completely, a cold dead rock, circling a lifeless planet. It stood like a silent sentinel, guarding something no longer needing guarding.
And by unwritten rule, no one spoke of the Earth. Rumours frequently circulated about pockets of survivors, but no radio communications were ever received. It was now as inhospitable to human beings as the great gas giants. To be untouched by human hands.
The relentless growth on Mars was fuelled by the baby boom, with no limit on the number of children a couple could have. Children were good. They were the insurance for the survival of the race. 
The development of the second city on the far side of the planet, yielding vast deposits of various ores the veracious humans consumed, meant there was still a need for pilots. Freighters were crossing back and forth between cities. It was a busy time for everyone.
Commander of Freighter Control, Fawn Dillow, wondered if the new smell of Base Eight would ever go away. It was oval in shape, with a covered lush garden with a water fountain in the middle of it. This was the Base of Education and Technical Development. 
Dillow walked past the many halls and classrooms. From one classroom, three teenagers almost bumped into her. They apologised and walked away in the opposite direction to her. She could hear their happy banter as they went along the corridors that amplified every word.
'Can you believe that old timer? Feel the ship? What the hell is that all about?'
'Maybe he hasn't heard about computers. Just an old fool.'
'Hey.' Dillow had spun around on her heels. 'You three. Here, now.'
The three shuffled towards her.
'Do you know who I am?'
The three looked at each other. One said, 'You are Commander of Freighter Control.'
'Correct. You three want to be freighter pilots?'
'Sure.'
'In that case you'll need to get past the rookie approval panel, which includes me. You just had a lesson?'
'Yeah. With Craggy.'
'What's your name?'
'Chris Caldwell.'
'Well, Chris Caldwell. You have just had a lesson from a living legend. I had the privilege of learning from him. He gave me my tickets. Do you know what once saved my life? Feeling my ship. As taught by that man. So, if he tells you to feel your ship, you'd damn well better wise up and feel your damn ship. Get me?'
Three heads nodded.
'Good. Oh. And if I hear any of you call him Craggy again, you'll find your chances of becoming pilots sadly diminished. He is Captain of Special Pilot Training. Captain Cragg to you. You have to earn the right to call him Craggy. Get me?'
Three heads nodded.
'Scram.'
They scrammed. With a huge grin, she turned to see Dixon Cragg facing her. She couldn't tell from his expression how much he had heard.
'Fawn.'
'Craggy. How are you?'
'I'm fine. Still getting used to flying a desk. But I'm enjoying married life.' He looked down at her well pronounced bump. 'Being pregnant suits you.'
'Thanks. I have a feeling I have a little pilot growing inside of me. You and Misty will have to come over for a meal one day.'
'We'd love that. I saw young Rocky and Amethyst the other day. Who would have thought they'd have twins?'
'They're cute. Craggy. I have to go. I'll give you a call.'
'I'll look forward to it. See you later.'
Dillow carried on along the corridor and stopped at a door marked Department of Freighter Design. She went in to find a man working hard on the latest invention. He looked up and smiled. 'Is it that time already?' he asked.
She kissed him. She wondered if their baby would have his dark brown eyes.
'Come on, Joel. I demand to be pampered.'
'Your wish is my command.'
He packed up his work and they walked off hand in hand to their home in Marsopia.



Part 2
Chapter 86

Supervisor of Geological Testing, Felix Hellicoyle, hated going outside. People got hurt outside. People even died outside. He preferred just to stay in the lab taking care of the sample testing. Outside was outside of his comfort zone. But when the mining supervisor beckoned, it wasn't something to be ignored. Giving instructions to his three assistants, Felix suited up and in the airlock, climbed into the dust covered people buggy, and drove through the outer door which closed automatically behind him, as he ploughed interesting patterns into the red iron oxide sand of Mars, towards the mineral mines, eight miles away.
He drove up the well worn ramp that took vehicles from Base Three and ancillary much smaller working buildings, onto the plateau. Felix pulled up, the electric motor humming beneath him, as he stared at the permanent lights that illuminated the mine entrance and surroundings. The tone of Deep Mining Supervisor Shamini Singh had vibrated with hesitancy as he had called the Supervisor of Geology.
'Felix. You need to see this.'
'I do?'
'You do.'
'On my way.'
Hellicoyle put the buggy into drive and continued the short trip to the mine entrance. The first thing that surprised him was that all work had ceased. Nothing stopped the mining. Perhaps a death might hold things up for a few minutes, but to stop completely, was so unprecedented, Hellicoyle knew that he was about to encounter something unusual. He had no idea just how unusual. Pushing the lever into drive, he churned up the sand as he bounced along the ruts and rocks to the mine. Shamini Singh was waiting for him.
'We found something.'
'I sort of suspected that. Is it far?'
'Seven miles in,' said Singh.
'Seven? You made seven?'
'We hit a load of soft sand, and just ploughed through it. Come on.'
Hellicoyle followed Singh into the mouth of the mine, and got into the mine rider. It was a single railed, four carriage transporter that whisked them along to the business end of the mine, seven miles in. All miners had been evacuated, something else Hellicoyle noticed. He stepped off the rider and followed Singh to the face of the mine. At the face was a small, untidy hole, barely large enough for a human to get through.
'In there?'
Singh nodded.
Hellicoyle scrambled head first through the hole. Two minutes later, he was back out.
'You have to be kidding me. Is this some sort of joke? Something to wind me up?'
'No.' The reply was emphatic and Hellicoyle realised, they had found something of mind blowing importance.


Chapter 87

Mars Commander Tagg Potts and Deputy Mars Commander Anton Forbes had been summoned into the mine by Felix Hellicoyle. The hole into the small cave where the object was, had been opened up large enough for a person to enter to examine it. 
'Is it dangerous?' Forbes asked.
'Sir. Your guess is as good as mine. Not exactly geology.'
Potts asked, 'Man made?'
'Only if Man was here millions of years ago,' said Hellicoyle. 'And before you ask, yes, I'm sure. All this rock is about that old, although how many millions is debatable. It was created from a volcanic eruption from Olympus Mons when it used to be active. But I'm sure you've noticed the perfect setting it's in. This room, for want of a better word, has been fashioned from molten rock. It's a perfect three yards in diameter and the surface is glass smooth and true. Definitely not created by nature.'
Forbes said, 'I'm trying to get my head around this. This mine is about two miles beneath the surface. And here we have a perfect little sealed up room, clearly not made by nature nor Man, created some millions of years ago.'
In the centre of the room was a perfect cylindrically shaped plinth about a foot in diameter and had the strange artefact exactly central to the perfect wall. The plinth appeared to be  moulded up from part of the floor. Some strange creature had gone to a lot of effort to create a home for the object.  
'But...' started Forbes.
'I know,' said Hellicoyle. 'It's impossible. But here it is.'
Potts demanded, 'Do we move it?'
'How the hell would I know?' said Hellicoyle. 'I mean, seriously. I'm a geologist. Does that thing look like a rock to you?'
'Right,' said Forbes. 'You get that thing over to your geology den and we'll take a proper look at it.'
'Me?' said Hellicoyle, horrified. 'But it might explode.'
'Felix,' said Potts. 'It hasn't exploded in millions of years, now suddenly it might explode?'
'And it hasn't been moved in millions of years, either,' Hellicoyle reminded them. 'Moving it might trigger it off.'
'Look,' said Forbes. 'If it doesn't explode, you've got nothing to worry about.'
'And if it explodes?'
'Hey. Then you've still nothing to worry about.'
Hellicoyle sighed heavily. 'Jeez. That is so reassuring.'
'You're welcome,' said Forbes. 'Get on with it.'


Chapter 88

'Nothing to do with geology,' mumbled Hellicoyle as he inched the mini-grabber towards the strange artefact. He had driven one before, but the fact that he was completely alone in the mine, hadn't escaped him. He was sure he could easily lift the object without giving himself a hernia, but the extended arm of the grabber gave him a little unfounded comfort if the thing did explode. The grabber required a delicate touch. Not something he was famous for. The telescopic pick-up extended, retracted, extended again, wobbled over the prize, and Hellicoyle wondered if he was about to meet a solitary and explosive demise. He had said his goodbye's to his wife and daughter, but he was certainly unprepared to meet any maker with time to spare to carry him into another existence.
'I can do this.'
He worked the controls and watched as the open mouthed metal toothed grabber hovered above the artefact. Slowly, the grabber lowered to the strange thing, pausing momentarily before it picked up the object.
'Anyone listening to me out there?'
'I am,' said Forbes.
'Right here with you,' said Potts.
'Hardly,' said Hellicoyle. 'I go bang, you lot are okay.'
Forbes said, 'Come right out without it if you want. It won't reflect on you.'
Hellicoyle called to his wife. 'Janie? Are you there?'
'I'm here, Felix. You know I love you.'
'I've left my will in the bottom drawer. It's all yours.'
'I...I don't know what to say.'
'That you love me?'
'I do. Felix.'
'So do I, Dad,' said thirteen year old Marsella.
 Janie said, 'Grab that damn thing and come on out of there.'
'Grabber going in. Bye.'
The mini grabber jaws opened like some extinct veracious dinosaur, and lowered slowly to gather up the object. They clamped gently around it, and nothing went bang. Always a good sign, thought Hellicoyle. Up went the grabber and Hellicoyle withdrew, knowing all he had to do was to drive seven miles to the mouth of the mine. Why the twenty minute drive shaved ten years off his life expectancy, he would rather not think about. But he was there, in one piece, and most of the Mars population brass there to greet him, but at a respectfully safe distance.
'Hoping I go bang and take this thing with me?'
Potts said, 'Get it to your place. Commander Forbes and I will be right behind you.'
'At a considerable distance, no doubt. So comforting. Come on. It'll be nice to face oblivion together.'
    

Chapter 89

'Any ideas?' Forbes asked.
Hellicoyle stared at the thing. 'All I can tell you guys is, this has been buried for millions of years. Other than that, your guess is as good as mine.'
Potts said, 'I'm encouraged that it hasn't exploded. But if that's millions of years old, I'm a fruitcake.'
The object of their interest was standing on Hellicoyle's bench, glowing and giving a whole new meaning to the word strange. It was roughly the shape and size of a rugby ball. It had a pulsing, glowing interior, and a mesh of gold encompassing a golden exterior.
Potts said, 'Is it just me, or is that thing glowing brighter than when we first saw it?'
'Hard to say,' said Hellicoyle. 
Potts said, 'It's a bit late to give this thing due respect. Leave it where it is and we'll come back in the morning.'
Mining had been allowed to continue, the cave was to be avoided and everyone down there was to keep a watch for any other strange things. Shamini Singh made himself responsible to look for anything unusual, ready to call a halt to mining activity in the event of something else turning up. It didn't.
Hellicoyle was in for a surprise when he returned to his laboratory to examine the artefact the following morning. Having no idea what was going to happen, he had banned his assistants from going anywhere near it. He keyed the security code on the door to keep everyone out. Then he was stopped in his tracks when he turned around.
The golden egg with the intricate filigree gold casing was glowing brighter and small, delicate blobs of various colours were swimming about in the viscous liquid inside.
'Computer, record.'
'COMPUTER RECORDING.'
'Time. Seven thirty Friday morning, Mars Base Time. The artefact was found eighteen hours ago, buried at the end of the mine, seven miles in, two miles below the surface. It was discovered in a small cave at the side of the main mine. The cave, although not a natural one, is not simply a cave. It is too perfect to be called that, but for want of a better word I will refer to it as such. It was made in the surrounding basalt, part of the extensive lava flow from Olympus Mons. 
it was found accidentally by the mining activity adjacent to it, when a small breach was opened, exposing the interior of the cave. To create the cave with such precision would require phenomenal heat and control, not a technology we ourselves possess. We can only speculate at this time as to whom or what created both the cave and the artefact.'
Hellicoyle sat and stared at the glowing globe. From a drawer in the battered desk, he took out an old fashioned magnifying glass with a chrome plated handle. 'The artistry in this detail is superb. Whether the filigree has more than a decorative function, or has some kind of symbolic meaning, will probably never be known.'
Off the bench he picked up his chemaltron analyser, made an adjustment to the default setting and touched the tip to the filigree decoration. 
'Pure gold. The translucent large egg shaped shell inside the filigree is made from... silicon, with a glass like feel and appearance. The interior appears to be of some sort of liquid which is emitting a moving golden light source inside it, and I can see small globules of many colours floating around in the liquid. The artefact is glowing brighter than before, perhaps being triggered by being brought out into the light.'
Hellicoyle concentrated on the three cornered base. 'Again, pure gold. Also intricate in design. The metalwork is scratch and blemish free. Clearly, this object was actually made by the hands of a highly intelligent, artistic individual. And yet, I'm drawn to the assumption that it is far more than some fancy ornament. Quite possibly the creature who made this would be laughing hysterically at my woefully inadequate attempts to define this thing. I'm hungry. Don't record that, computer. I need some sustenance for my brain to function correctly.'


Chapter 90
 
Hellicoyle took his plate to sit with Dixon Cragg.
'Is it me, Craggy, but is this fish off?'
'I heard a rumour it's supposed to be curried fish. I mean, there's an oxymoron if ever there was one. I heard there was a bit of excitement at the deep mine yesterday.'
'Exciting enough to shut it down for a day.'
'Wow. And is it millions of years old like they said?'
Hellicoyle shrugged. 'All the rock around it certainly is. And  I don't see how the cave and object got in there other than being buried in the lava. Care to see it?'
'I've a couple of hours. Lets go.'
The majority of the buildings were linked by clear tunnels to allow access without the need to suit up. Hellicoyle led the way to the geology department, then into his lab.
'Jeez. Isn't that a work of art,' said an astounded Cragg.
'Interesting. It's changed from a golden light to a blue light.'
Cragg stared at the egg shaped globe. 'It's almost like it's alive.'
'I couldn't rule it out,' admitted Hellicoyle. 'Would you think it had a function? Other than decorative?'
'I wouldn't care to speculate. No clues at the place it was found?'
'No. Just a very neat...'
'Neat what?'
'Come on,' said Hellicoyle. 'I'd value your opinion.'
Hellicoyle put a call through to Shamini Singh for his permission to enter the mine. Singh said he'd personally escort the geologist safely to where the article was found. Twenty minutes later, Singh dropped Cragg and Hellicoyle off and waited to escort them back out of the mine. The loose rock had been removed to reveal the break into the strange chamber.
'And that thing was in here?' Cragg asked.
'Sitting right here. On this plinth.'
'Hmm. So the lava didn't cover and bury it.'
'What?' gasped Hellicoyle. 'How else could it have happened?'
Cragg said, 'The bloke who made this room cut it out well after this lava was cold and old.'
'Craggy. This stuff is as hard as stuff gets. To get this far in would have been a hell of a job.'
'Well, how was it discovered?'
'According to Shamini, the mole was widening the mine and it was running along the side wall when a small rockfall halted the operation. When they were trying to move the rubble, they found they had cracked the lava here. Then they could see inside the chamber.'
This puzzled Cragg. 'I thought you said this stuff was real hard?'
'It is. We are mining under the basalt, not through it. Hit something hard with enough force, it will probably shatter. This did, looking at these large pieces that broke off. This is what, six inches thick? Eight at most. A decent sledgehammer could get through at this point.'
Cragg picked a few of the lava pieces and held them against the hole as if fitting a jigsaw puzzle. 'There's enough pieces to fill the hole.'
'We did some of the damage so we could get inside.'
'Felix. I think your theory is all off. If it were accidentally swallowed up during an eruption, who made the chamber? He sure wasn't trapped in molten rock, thinking, Oh dear me. I'll just make myself a cool little room and wait here. He cut his way in well after it had cooled off. He cut his way in, made a chamber and a plinth, left the big egg thingy, and he buggered off.'
'But it was sealed in here. We broke the wall with the mole.'
'Yeah,' said Cragg. 'The wall the bloke made, after he put the egg inside. This is my take on it. That gold thing is hugely valuable for some reason and I suspect more than just the gold value. He makes the chamber, puts the thingy inside, goes outside again and melts the lava back over the hole.'
Hellicoyle slapped his own forehead. 'Of course. I mean, if he could melt the chamber out of the lava, he could melt over the hole. Which explains why it is so thin here.'
'Correct,' said Cragg. 'Which means he could have hidden the thingy any time between now and millions of years ago.' 
'This is a real mystery. But thanks to you, we're one step closer to solving it.'
'Glad I could help.'


Chapter 91

Potts and Forbes met with Hellicoyle in his lab. 'Well, that sure narrows it down a bit,' said Mars Commander Potts. 'Only a million year window of possibility.'
'I err...' Hellicoyle was still feeling a little foolish for being so adamant that the find was at least as old as the lava flow. 'I suppose, come to think of it, it doesn't look that old. But unless you know something I don't, Man didn't get here until twenty thirty nine. And to the best of my knowledge, this mine has only been going for the last four years. The mine is too well supervised and monitored for anyone living here to have done it, plus the fact we only reached that point two days ago.'
Forbes said, 'It isn't totally impossible to have sneaked in in the last few weeks.'
Hellicoyle said, 'We haven't anything that could have made that chamber. That required a hell of high heat with amazing control. So. If it wasn't possible for a human to have done it...'
'Shush,' whispered Forbes. 'Don't say it out loud. We don't want to start a panic.'
Hellicoyle bristled. 'With respect, Sir. Wasn't it decided we have no secrets? And that it was having secrets that was the biggest problem Earth had?'
'He's right,' said Potts. 'A calm, formal statement now will be a whole lot better than rumours and speculation distracting everyone.' 
Forbes nodded. 'I guess so. May as well get it organised.'
It took four hours to fill Base Three. Forbes and Potts were well aware of the disruption to the various activities in and around the Bases. Potts decided to give a simultaneous statement in Marsopia, Mars' second city. He began at exactly the same moment.
'Some of you may have heard an artefact has been found in the Deep Mine One. At a depth from the surface of two miles, and a mine depth of seven miles. The artefact is at this moment, being shown at a safe distance by Commander Forbes in Base Three right this minute. You will all get the opportunity to see it later. If you look at that holographic projection...that is what was found and to the exact size. Like you, we have no idea what it is or where it came from.'
'Is it from Earth?' Commander of Freighter Training Fawn Dillow asked.
Potts shrugged. 'We have no idea at this stage, Fawn. I promise everyone as we unravel this, we will keep you all informed. We don't need gossip and tall tales doing the rounds.'
'Any radiation coming from it?' someone asked.
'None at the time of testing. One of our top geologists has done some tests on it and is continuing to test. It will be kept in a safe until we are certain it is not dangerous.'
'Is that gold?' a woman asked.
'Pure gold,' said Potts.
'Sir,' said a young man. 'I'm a miner on mine three. Are we safe to continue working?'
'A very good question. We need all miners and mine supervisors to proceed with caution at all times. In the highly unlikely event any more strange things are found, that area is to be immediately evacuated and you must call Felix Hellicoyle, the geologist right away. That's all, everyone. Thank you for your attention and cooperation. Business as usual, people.'
Still with so many questions unanswered, everyone shuffled off, a droning noise of all talking at once hung over them like a following cloud. Only Fawn Dillow hung back.
'What's your gut feeling, Tagg? Was it made by a human?'
'I honestly have no idea,' admitted Potts. 'We can't think how anybody  on Mars could have done it. Perhaps there were a handful of opportunities for somebody here to have buried it if they were determined enough and if they'd had a really sophisticated high powered laser to melt lava and use it to make a chamber like the one it was found in. As far as we know, we haven't come up with anything like that.'
'Not by a human, then? An alien?'
'Ah, ah, Fawn. I didn't say that. I'm sure our scientists will figure it out eventually.'


Chapter 92

'I haven't a bloody clue about it,' said Hellicoyle.
He had assembled a full and diverse team around him. Metallurgists, chemists, engineers, electronics experts and others were represented. It was Raz Berry, a fellow geologist who offered something next.
'Felix. Have you run that retro assimilation program yet?'
'My very next thing to do.'
Shannon Palmerston, in charge of Base air quality, asked, 'What does that do?'
Berry explained, 'From various sonic and drill testing, analysing the data, the retro program can give us an idea how what we have on Mars now and how it was hundreds, thousands, maybe even millions of years ago.'
Ray Needay, metallurgist, asked, 'Does it take long to run, because I'd love to see it if at all possible.'
'Okay,' said Hellicoyle. 'I'll start it up. We'll keep it to a one hour run. Everybody see okay? Right.'
The holographic three dimensional image of the landscape covered a work table.
'This is us right now. Of course, the very top layer is constantly changing with the storms we get. But, as you can see, we have several lava layers from the various eruptions, mostly, but not exclusively from Mons. Fortunately, Mons became fully extinct over one point four million years ago, although different experts will give wildly different guestimates varying by millions of years. It was a pretty busy volcano before that, as we can see. We have at least eleven layers of lava going down as far as the chamber.'
Berry said, 'Felix. Can we superimpose the ground more specifically above the chamber?'
Hellicoyle waved his hands and fingers over the sensors. 'And a little more and ...oh! Interesting.'
Berry said, 'A break in the lava layers. In fact...'
'Less than five thousand years ago, that lava layer with the chamber was actually much closer to the surface until there was seismic activity, twisting that area deeper, storms filling up any holes with sand and rocks.'
'Seismic activity?' asked a young woman. 'Not quakes, surely?'
'Correct. Mars has no moving plates like on Earth. The term seismic covers more than earthquakes. We still are unsure about the core on Mars. It may or may not be completely solidified, or undergoing some kind of transition that may give out occasional activity.' 
Ray Needay said,'Am I following this? That lava is about one point four million years old?'
'Yes,' said Hellicoyle. 'I've retested from samples taken from the broken wall of the chamber.'
'But it was closer to the surface, only five thousand years ago?' asked Palmerston.
'And possibly quite accessible,' said Berry.
'Needay asked, 'This five thousand years. How accurate is that figure?'
Hellicoyle said, 'Ballpark. Plus or minus two thousands. Our problem is not having much of a reference point. Knowledge was built up over many years on Earth, with plenty of organic matter to help us with carbon dating layers, particularly in such a volatile planet.'
Berry said, 'In geological terms, a few thousand years is practically yesterday. But if we say from two to eight thousand years, widening the window a little, that is still much earlier than humans could have been responsible for burying that thing in that chamber.'
'Is anybody actually going to say it?' asked Shannon Palmerston. 'A human didn't bury that thing in that chamber. Hello? Am I the only one who sees that?'
Hellicoyle said, 'We all see it, Shannon. We just don't want to face up to it.'


Chapter 93

'Come on, Craggy. Give it a go.'
'Dillow. I haven't flown a damn simulator in...fifty six years. I'm not about to start again now. I don't even know how you got me sitting here '
'To be honest, Craggy, I think it would help you...bond with your pupils more if you have at least some understanding of the new control sensors.'
'But why? I'll never need to use them. I'm never flying a freighter ever again. For one thing, Misty would kill me if I did.'
'I'm not asking you to fly a ship. Just have a passing understanding of the sensor controls.'
Cragg folded his arms and stared at the lit up, incomprehensible, unidentified lights of assorted shapes and colours. 'I've become an embarrassment to you, haven't I?'
'What?'
'I'm not stupid. You're in charge of really training the pilots. I'm just a funny old man telling kids funny stories about my so called adventures in space. Shit. One or two of them even true.'
'Craggy. The kids...rookies love your stories.'
Cragg chuckled. 'Yeah, right. They find them hysterical. I heard them laughing about them.'
As usual, Cragg had hit the nail on the head. The old pilot's stories had become increasingly wild and fanciful, she assumed in order to ingratiate himself with the teens with their minuscule attention spans. She too had heard little unkind comments from the rookies when they hadn't realised she had been within earshot. For all Cragg's fanciful imagination, the old freighter captain had been brave, resourceful, and never backed down from a challenge. He deserved proper respect in the last few years before he officially retired and kicked back with Misty.
'There's a flight in Big Bird planned,' Dillow said.
'I heard something.'
'To Moon.'
'So I gather.'
'I'm the pilot.'
'Naturally. But I suppose it could have been Rocky Ramshorn.'
Dillow nodded. 'My copilot. Come with us.'
'Me? You don't need me along.'
'I want you to come along. We need that steel from the launcher. We're have a crew to take it apart and Jay Moore to stack it and pack it.'
'Using good buckles, I hope.'
Dillow shuddered. 'Don't remind me. You know, Big Bird can get there in forty days with Moon being at only seventy three million miles from Mars right now. It'll give you some street cred with the rookies. Allowing two weeks to take the launcher down, a total trip of just over one hundred days. Up for it?'
'I can see Misty having something to say about it.'
Dillow smiled. 'It was Misty who asked me to take you.'
Cragg was shocked. 'Misty? You two have been plotting?'
'The thing is,' said Dillow, 'Misty knows you have really been itching to go up again. Don't deny it.'
Cragg sighed. 'I won't. It's true. I thought it was out of my system, but more than sixty years in space is a long time to put behind me. Misty?'
'She thinks maybe with this one more trip, you'll be less edgy.'
'And I'll gain some street cred?'
'It couldn't hurt.'
'When do we go?'
* * *
'You'll be back for your eighty eighth birthday,' said Misty.
Cragg pulled the single sheet around them and kissed his wife. 'I still think it odd we hang on to Earth years, not the Martian year that's twice as long. Are you sure you are happy about me going?'
'As long as you are only making the tea and not space walking.'
'I can do that. Think we can take beer?'
'No beer. Now. We have to make the most of this few days before you go.'
Cragg grinned and pulled the sheet over them. 


Chapter 94

'Of course,' said Dixon Cragg, proudly, 'I said to Commander of Freighter Training, Fawn Dillow, I've retired from space flight. But she insisted she needed a pilot of my experience to go with her, and so I am happy to go along on this trip.'
Five blank young faces stared back at him. Three were wannabe freighter pilots, one a sensor control technician and one he hadn't been able to translate the mumbled definition of whatever she did.
'If you take any one thing with you from my class, I'd like it to be this. Remember computers are just a tool. A machine. Regard them with a healthy scepticism. If I live to be a hundred and fifty, and I'm talking Earth years, by the way, I don't expect to see the day a computer can take the place of a human.'
'Sir,' said the sensor technician. 'The reliability of our latest generation of computers is unsurpassed.'
'Jade, isn't it? Jade. I understand you have a vested interest in all things computer, and it's good to see such enthusiasm. All I'm saying is, just hold back that last one percent of faith in the damn things.'
'Sir,' said the girl with the obscure career path. 'Wasn't Big Bird originally intended to be totally computer controlled?'
'Exactly, err, Jockey. And what a disaster that nearly turned out to be. I've had a guided tour of the modified ship and the most significant thing to me is the four seats at the controls, these days. That speaks volumes. Right. I have assessed your homework on the ship to human contact to determine systems harmony. Not, Jade, Practical ship hugging.'
'Sorry, Sir,' said Jade, stifling a giggle.
'You all passed. This concludes your term with me. I'll be getting ready for the Big Bird trip. Hope you don't miss me too much. Class dismissed.'  


Chapter 95

For Felix Hellicoyle, it was business as usual, not business as unidentifiable artefact which revealed more questions than answers. The chamber had been deemed out of bounds to unauthorised personnel and the thing itself was housed in a safe, untouched for a week. But for Hellicoyle, it was a constant stream of samples from eleven different mines and bores. And of course, all mine supervisors wanted answers yesterday. Which made Dixon Cragg's question all the more redundant.
'Craggy. Take a look at this place. I have samples waiting to be tested coming out my ears and every other known orifice. Do I look as if I'm desperate for Moon samples?'
'I just thought I'd ask. It could be your last chance for many years.'
'Sorry, Craggy. I even have nightmares about piles of rocks these days. I keep testing them, but the pile keeps getting bigger. Then I wake up, and my piles are still getting bigger.'
Cragg sighed. 'Probably some cream you can get for that.'
'Actually, I'm kinda surprised you are going along?'
'I'm the special consultant for the trip.'
'Yeah, right.'
Cragg looked at the safe. 'That thing still in there?'
'Yes. I keep expecting it to have gone boom, taking my piles with it.'
'I'd still get a cream for those. Okay. I'll go and let Misty ravish me again before I boldly go where no man has gone before.'
'The Moon?'
'I meant my underwear drawer. I got packing to do.'
'Good luck, Craggy.'
      

Chapter 96

'Rocky. Amethyst. I haven't seen you in a while.'
'Hi, Craggy,' said Amethyst Ramshorn. 'Got your gear stowed away?'  
'All done. A good job I don't go in for cat swinging.'
Rocky and his wife shared a look. Translating Craggy into anything comprehensible, could often be challenging. Ignoring the cat thing, Rocky said, 'Your room's okay?'
'For a broom closet. But at least I don't have to share. How are the twins?'
'Wondering when Uncle Craggy is coming to tell them stories,' said Amethyst.
'They do? Even I haven't got that many stories.'
Commander Fawn Dillow entered the flight deck with two teens in attendance, taking her last minute instructions down on odd looking devices.
'..and see to the precell containment drain. Make sure it isn't blocked. Oh. I noticed a slight resonance in the ion retribulators. I want the unit replaced.'
'But the computer systems check says everything is within working tolerances.'
'Which is why I want the unit replaced. Go. Do stuff.'
The teens scurried away to do stuff.
'That's my girl,' said Cragg with a grin.
'Hi, Craggy. I have no idea what I just asked them to do, but they were following me like two lost puppies. Very annoying. Amethyst. Can you oversee the work crews aren't getting jittery? Most are first time flyers. Might be nervous.'
'I'll make them feel right at home,' said Amethyst, off to charm away any jitters.
'It seems an awful lot of trouble to go to, for a load of scrap iron,' said Craggy.
Dillow said, 'The way we gobble up material, we need everything we can get. That's why Max Morgan is on Phobos. He's ferrying a mining survey party about.'
'That little rock?' said Craggy.
'Mars is growing like topsy,' said Rocky. 'Our population is now at nearly six thousand.'
'Knee deep in babies,' said Cragg with a grin. 'I seem to be uncle to half of them.'
'In that case,' said Rocky, 'We really need to get you some new stories to tell.'


Chapter 97

There was little fanfare for the Big Bird take off. Mars Commander Anton Forbes had briefly paid a visit on board and wished them all a safe journey, and Dillow and Ramshorn ordered everyone to buckle up. It was a smooth lift off, and after flying between Phobos and Deimos, she relinquished control to the computers.
Dillow went through section one, where seating had been fitted to accommodate the two crews who would take apart the monstrous launching ramp and pack it systematically in Big Bird, for use on Mars. Dillow found Jay Moore, Captain of Freighter Loading, her deputy, Carol Webster, Roy Tasker, fabrication supervisor, and Su Kane, grabber operator were around a three dimensional holographic schematic of the launching ramp.
'You guys are keen,' said Dillow.
Moore said, 'This will take all the trip time to get planned right. Two weeks isn't much to take this lot down and safely packed away.'
Roy Tasker agreed. 'This is all about teamwork.'
'It usually is,' said Dillow. 'All your crews relaxed?'
'One or two a little twitchy,' said Moore, 'But Amethyst put them at ease.'
'Good. Hopefully, we'll have an uneventful trip,' said Dillow. 'Any issues, let me know.'


Chapter 98

'Can you hear something?' asked Raz Berry.
'You hear it, too?' said Hellicoyle. 'It's been driving me nuts all day.'
The two geologists were finally catching up with their sample testing.
'Anything turned on that shouldn't be?' asked Berry.
'I even tried turning off all the power to the lab. I could still hear it.'
'Maybe we should...'
 A speaker boomed, 'This is Shamini Singh. We have something in the mine you should see.'
'On our way,' said Hellicoyle.
Berry and Hellicoyle suited up and took a buggy from the main Base Three airlock. It was night-time but the mine entrance was lit up like midday. Singh was waiting at the mine entrance and all work had stopped.
'Shamini?' said Hellicoyle.
'I'll drive,' said Singh, getting the geologists to slide over so he could get to the controls. He said nothing as he drove the eight miles to the end of the mine. Singh didn't have to say anything, and the passengers got out of the buggy.
'A tunnel?' said Berry.
Singh said, 'With observational skills like that, you could have been a miner. Can we carry on working?'
'Probably not,' said Hellicoyle. Senior geologists had the authority to halt work if considered necessary. 'No. Not until we know what we are dealing with. Would you agree, Raz?'
'Hmm? Oh. Yes. Everybody stop work and clear the mine until further notice.'
'Including me?' asked Singh.
'Yes,' said Hellicoyle. 'But stay accessible.'
'Leave us the buggy,' said Berry.
Singh looked as if he had an interesting reply but thought better of it, and started on the long trip to the mouth of the mine.
'One thing we can see straight off,' said Berry, 'Is that whomever made the chamber, made this tunnel.'
Hellicoyle ran his gloved hands over the perfect, smooth wall of the new tunnel. 'Amazing work,' he said.
'Anything else strike you?'
'Not very big. I'm not the tallest guy around, but I'd struggle to walk along that. What is it? Three feet in diameter? Not the tallest dudes in the Universe made this, I'm thinking.'
Berry said, 'I for one am not going down there until I have some clue as to what to expect.'
'A roboprobe?'
'I'll get one of the technicians to bring us the gear. Cramer? Peggy Cramer?'
'Sir?'
'I want you to bring the roboprobe and all the other gear that goes with it to deep mine. I'm with Felix at the end of the mine, about eight miles in. Oh. Try not to run Shamini Singh down in your enthusiasm to get here. Cramer?'
'Sir?'
'Why are you not on your way? Move.'
'On my way, Sir.'


Chapter 99

Peggy Cramer broke the mine speed limit, and had the six wheel roboprobe, sitting in the mouth of the new tunnel and the controls set up just outside of it. At eighteen inches long and ten wide, the remotely controlled probe was ideal for the job. The camera was sending a clear image back to the receiver and the monitor.  'Mind if I stay?'
'Sure, Peggy,' said Berry. She was one of their keenest rookie rock pickers as they were dubbed. 'Getting a good signal?'
'Nice and clear. Ready to send the probe down there?'
'Slow and easy. Away you go.'
The three of them gathered around the roboprobe monitor and controls. Because of the smoothness of the wall, the lights on the probe showed up the progress along the tunnel very clearly.'
'Who made this tunnel?' Cramer asked.
'The only clue we have is the chamber we found the artefact in,' said Hellicoyle. 'This was made exactly the same way.'
'How far in are we?' asked Berry.
Cramer said, 'Just over a mile. Dead straight.'
'Keep going,' said Hellicoyle. 'Just look at that tunnel. How perfect is that?'
Cramer said, 'It looks like it has been made out of molten rock. That's basalt, right?'
'Yes,' said Berry. 'Same as the chamber. Possibly around the same time. Hey. What's happened to the signal?'
'Gone,' said Cramer. 'The camera is still working, but we aren't picking up.'
Hellicoyle said, 'Do we still have control of mobility?'
'Yes.'
'Stop it, then,' said Berry.
Cramer stopped the roboprobe.
'Put it in reverse,' said Berry.
Cramer did that, sure the probe was rolling sweetly in reverse. 'Still heading our way.'
'Look. We have visual,' said Berry. 'Stop it, Peggy.'
'Probe stopped,' Cramer said, 'The signal and images are perfect now.'
They studied the monitor, intently.
'Go forward,' said Berry. 'Slow. Slower.'
'Where did it go again?' Cramer asked.
'Stop,' said Berry. 'Ease back, but at the slowest speed. It's here again. What the hell is going on? Forward, inch at a time. Gone. Reverse. Hello again. Forward. Gone. It's at that exact spot.'
They tested it several times, but the images stopped at exactly the same place in the tunnel.
Berry said, 'Peggy. Make a note of the exact position and direction its been heading.'
'Got that, Sir. I've just forwarded the recording of the run and the other details to your laboratory computer.'
'Thank you,' said Berry. 'Please leave this all set up as it is. Let's get to the lab.'
At the mouth of the mine, Singh held his hand up to stop them.
'Can we get back to work?'
'No,' said Berry. 'Not for the time being.'
Singh sighed and took off for home, muttering unsavoury things about geologists in general.


Chapter 100

Cragg made himself useful anyway he could. Mostly domestic duties. Anyone wanting to clean their clothes, work the cutlery cleaner, change a light-bulb, Change a light-bulb? Really?, Craggy made himself indispensable. And when the autocleanse on one of the toilets started blowing instead of sucking, he was the one for the job.
'Nothing ever gets wasted,' Cragg told himself, philosophically. That included the three weeks spent as a sanitation operative on Moon. It was a job requiring disturbingly long rubber gloves, extremely flexible joints, and perfect hand eye coordination. Cragg only had the gloves.
He had been stuck on his knees, wondering if his shoulder would have to be dislocated to get him free, when he heard the door open behind him.
'Say. Whomever you are. Don't turn the water on.' He tried again when he got no reply. 'Hello? Can you hear...' The autocleanse suddenly activated and a suspiciously blue liquid hit him in the face and didn't stop until the person working the tap turned it off. 'No. I guess you can't hear me.' At least the sudden reverse flushing freed his arm.
'Are you okay?'
'Now you can hear me?'
She was very pretty, petite and screamingly worried looking. The running cold water had been to wash her tears away.
'I...I'm sorry. Did I make you blue?'
Cragg wiped his face and chuckled. 'You wouldn't be the first woman to make me blue. Oh. Are you wanting to...' he waved at the toilet.
'What? Oh. No. I should go.'
'Wait. Are you okay?' The girl looked embarrassed and Cragg picked up on that. 'What's your name?'
'Roswell Strange. Wait. I recognise you. You're Nixon Bragg.'
Cragg smiled. 'Dixon Cragg. I'm guessing this is your first space flight?'
Roswell nodded. 'I tried to get out of it. But I'm part of the crew going to take the launcher apart.'
'I get the picture. You'd rather not be here.'
Roswell shook her head. 'I made you all wet and messy. Am I in trouble?'
Cragg saw himself in a mirror. His hair was dripping blue, his uniform was soaked and he had a rubber glove that reached his armpit. 'That depends. Give me a minute. Get us both a syncoff and meet me on the observation deck. Oh. We'll keep this to ourselves, yeah?'
She smiled for the first time. 'Thanks.'
He went to his room, showered and changed in record time and went to the observation deck. He found Roswell at a table for two. She had her back to the heavens they were racing through.
'I hope the syncoff's how you like it.'
Cragg sat and sipped. 'In over sixty years, I never had one better than barely drinkable. This is barely drinkable.'
The window wasn't really a window, but the image may as well have been. It had seemed years since he had seen the stars out of the atmosphere of Mars. Misty had been right. He had missed this.
'Do I still smell of that blue stuff?' Cragg asked. 'I scrubbed for ages. I can still smell it. I may have swallowed some. Actually, it tastes better than the syncoff.'
Roswell laughed. 'You're funny.'
'One of my more endearing qualities.'
Roswell was staring at him. 'I don't get it. All of Mars knows you, but you were cleaning a toilet.'
'Actually, I was fixing it.'
'But you're a captain.'
'Me and half of Mars, I think. Besides. Plumbing is an essential part of things. Don't look down on anyone who fixes it.'
'I...I wasn't. But you shouldn't be doing things like that. I mean, you are really, really old.'
'Ah! I'm actually only really old. Out of interest, how old are you?'
'Nearly eighteen.'
'How nearly?'
'Earth time? Another ten months.'
Cragg nodded. 'That nearly. Come and sit by me.'
Roswell hesitated but sat next to him, facing the screen. 'That is so scary.'
'That's part of its beauty. Do you know how many times I did the Moon Mars run?'
'No.'
'Neither do I. After my fifteenth trip, I sort of stopped counting. But it never lost its magic for me. I kinda feel sorry for you youngsters.'
This surprised Roswell.'You do? Why?'
'Because you'll never get what I had. Gliding majestically through the heavens.'
'You talk funny.'
Cragg smiled. 'So I gather. Just remember this. You are making history. This is most likely the last ever run between Moon and Mars. Apart from the occasional helium three ** processing trip, that is. This is something for you to remember forever and tell your grandchildren about.'
'Grandchildren?'
Cragg nodded, 'Perhaps not for a good few years.'
Roswell stared at the stars, trying to fix the sight in her memory, so she could tell her grandchildren one day. 'I'm not scared any more.'
'Good.'
'I have to go. Thanks, Captain Cragg.'
'Craggy. Special friends call me Craggy.'
Roswell said, 'Thanks, Craggy.' She kissed his forehead and scurried away.
Cragg watched the stars and thought of his son, Leo. The son robbed of his life because a war started a month too soon. But, just suppose he had been spared, met a woman, fallen in love. Had a kid. Maybe Dixon Cragg would have a granddaughter. And he'd put money on her being as delightful as Roswell Strange.


Chapter 101

 Hellicoyle and Berry stared at the three dimensional holographic projection.
'Just as I thought,' said Berry. 'That tunnel leads directly to Mons.'
Hellicoyle said, 'Leading to, or leading from?'
'There's a difference?'
Hellicoyle opened the safe and took out the artefact. He had almost forgotten how beautiful it was. The gold filigree glistened in the green light of the holograph.
'This is what's humming. I wondered what that annoying sound was.'
Berry said, 'Significant, you think?'
Hellicoyle shrugged and placed it on the workbench with even more reverence. 'Those things inside are more active than before. It looks like it is getting ready for something.'
Berry stepped back. 'Just don't mess with the damn thing.' 
'This is no coincidence. You realise that, don't you? The tunnel. The chamber. This.'
'Was it being hidden, do you think?' said Berry. 'I mean of course it was hidden. But I don't mean from us. We humans. I think we were meant to find it. I think it was perhaps hidden...from themselves.'
Hellicoyle suddenly stepped back. 'Is this thing so damned valuable?'
'Or so important.'
'What I don't understand is why the probe stopped sending signals like it did. That happened...just about here.' He pointed at the holograph. 'About four miles from the base of Mons.'
Berry said, 'Only one way to find out, my friend. You and I need to go into that tunnel.' 
  

Chapter 102

Max Morgan was bored, bored, bored. Phobos was depressingly...depressing. Small, insignificant, dull. Every time Christopher Crossman entered the freighter, Morgan was hoping to hear words like We're going back to Mars. Instead he got, Let's try somewhere else.
So, Morgan would let everybody drag their dust covered gear into the ship, not even giving a thought to who was going to clean it all up, and they would take off for a few minutes, set down again, when they would drag it all out again to chip away at more rocks.
'I could walk around this pebble in a couple of days. Bloody clowns, tap, tap, tapping with their bloody little hammers. Me? I'm just the bus driver.'
Morgan chuckled at the Craggyism. 'Bus driver. Once more more round the block. Where's the indicators on this thing? I hope you're having more damn fun than I am, Craggy. I wonder if they'd miss me if I just took off for a few days? Grab a few beers. Why the hell don't I have beer with me? What was I thinking? Craggy would have stowed beer on board. Craggy. What would Craggy do to get out of this one?'
By the time the survey team added another layer to the already filthy interior, Morgan had worked out what Craggy would have done.
'It's the main thruster ionic stabilising injector unit. All this damn dust. Man. Be lucky if I can get us back in one piece. We have to get home while we can.'
'You just made that up,' said Chris Crossman.
'I...I what? I made it up? Why would I do that?'
'Beer. You want to get back for beer.'
'Are you seriously suggesting...?'
'We have one more site to check out before we go home.'
Morgan sighed. That would have gone so much better if Craggy had done it. 'One more hop and we can go home?'
'I totally promise.'
'Shit. Buckle up.'

Chapter 103

'Without beer?'
'Craggy,' said Dillow. 'I couldn't let you bring beer on the ship with all these youngsters on board, now could I?'
'Fine. That I understand,' said Cragg. 'Me telling stories to keep the troops amused, completely sober; that request I don't get.'
'They're on edge. Just a couple of days until Moon. Most of them have never flown in space before. Kids born on Mars, like that girl Roswell. Do it for Roswell.'
Cragg sighed. 'Okay. The observation deck?'
'An hour from now. Thanks, Craggy.'
* * *
Dillow called for order and got it. 'Okay. Listen up. You've all got to know Captain Dixon Cragg. This man is a legend. Commanders like me teach the technical aspects of flying a ship. Captain Cragg shows how to become one with your ship. Never underestimate the importance of that. Captain Cragg.'
Cragg gave a self conscious wave to the assembly. 'In a short while, we are going to land this bus...ship.' He looked at Dillow. 'You? Captain Ramshorn?'
'Joint effort.'
'Right. Even better. I could do it if you want?' There was a slightly nervous murmur. 'Relax. I'm joking.' There was a collective sigh of relief. 'Commanders Dillow and Ramshorn are two of the best. Things are so much more ...reliable these days. I hope. Not like when I was a hapless young buck of a pilot.' At a nod to Amethyst Ramshorn, the lights dimmed, apart from one which illuminated Cragg's face. 'Did I ever tell you of the time I flew a freighter with a dead man for company? Well...'
'Craggy,' Dillow whispered. 'I'm trying to unwind them, not have them checking under their cots for boogie men.'
'Trust me. I never told you how it ended. Right. There we were, on the Moon Mars run, Big Billy Croxford was my captain. I was just a rookie, making the syncoff, doing the laundry. We were about half way, when Big Billy suddenly clutches his chest. Heart attack. His eyes rolled in his head and he gurgled something, fell over and died.' He paused for dramatic affect. All eyes were on him. 'So. I did what I thought best and asked Moon what I should do. Can I throw him out the airlock, I asked.'
Cries of, 'Oh, jeez.'
'Can you believe they said no? So I was stuck with him for the rest of the flight. Anyone smelled a dead body? No? Nor me until then. Two days later, he was starting to smell worse than that curried fish we had not long ago.'
'What did you do?' Roswell Strange asked.
'The only thing I could do. Put his suit on, to seal the stench in.'
'Yuck, gross.'
'Don't look at me in that tone of voice you lot. You weren't there smelling it. Of course, it was a bit of a struggle squeezing him in his suit, but eventually I had his helmet on and job done. Now, the thing about Big Billy was, he never really taught me how to fly the bloody ship. The radio was down on Moon and I had to teach myself to fly the damn freighter. I was halfway to Venus by the time I'd figured it out. It was two days later, I was alone on the flight deck, lights dimmed, not unlike this. When I heard behind me...footsteps.'
Another pause and the young men acted tough and held the girls to comfort them. Cragg could hear them breathing. He continued, low and soft.
'The footsteps were coming closer behind me, closer, closer.' Cragg could feel Dillow's eyes burning into him. Don't spook the troops. 'I could hear this peculiar, rasping breathing. I was like a statue, petrified out of my wits. Slowly, so slowly, I turned to face my worse nightmare. Then...I heard it speak. Bloody Cragg. What did you do? I think I peed myself. I turned around and there he stood. Big Billy Croxford. The big tub of fat hadn't died, after all.'
'You rotter,' said Dillow.
'I know. So let that be a lesson to all of you. Never be in too much of a hurry to throw somebody out of the airlock. Sleep tight, everybody.' 
 

Chapter 104

Jay Moore and Roy Tasker were sitting next to Dillow and Rocky Ramshorn. 
Dillow asked, 'Just how close do you want us to land to the launcher?'
'Within one mile of it,' said Tasker. 'And the flatter the better. That good for you, Jay?'
'I want the starboard side of the ship facing the launcher,' said Moore.
'Right,' said Rocky Ramshorn. 'One last orbit and down we go. Stay buckled up, people.' Rocky took the huge ship for a slow spin around the block. 'Going down...and...welcome to Moon, everyone.'
'See, Roswell?' said Cragg. 'Nothing to it. Are you okay?'
'Fine. Thanks for staying with me.'
'Happy to. Now you be careful out there.'
'Aren't you coming out?'
Cragg shook his head. 'Maybe later. I'll only be in the way. You all have a whole heap of work to do.'
Roswell and the rest of the crew made their way to the airlock. Cragg found himself sitting alone, wondering why he was there. Why he was really there.
He was missing Misty. He should be with her. He closed his eyes and felt the ship. He felt the airlock doors open. He felt the heavy gear being driven out the open sections. Not anything disrespectful to the ship. Just professionals doing what they had to do to get the job done. It took nine and a half minutes to get all the gear out on Moon's cold, unforgiving grey surface. The airlock doors closed up and a silence swept through the Big Bird, and Cragg let it wash over him. He was a long way from home.


Chapter 105

Mars Commander Potts said, 'Just how long do we need to have the mine standing idle?'
Hellicoyle stood shoulder to shoulder with Berry. They were prepared for Potts' hard line.
'That artefact might just be the most important thing ever discovered,' said Hellicoyle. 'It's that big.'
'That wasn't any sort of an answer.'
Berry said, 'It's the only one we can give you, Tagg. Look. The first point of interest is just one mile in. For some reason as yet unknown, the probe we sent down just stopped sending pictures. Like, one second perfect, next, nothing. Maybe when we reach that point, we'll know what we have to do next.'
Potts considered the situation. 'I'll deploy Singh and his team to other mines. You two have two days. You're now wasting your time and mine. Go.'
'We'll let you know how we get on,' said Berry.
* * *
'We follow the roboprobe,' said Hellicoyle to Peggy Cramer. 'You lose the signal, you tell us, okay?'
'Have fun.'
'After you,' said Berry.
Hellicoyle didn't argue. Cramer had the roboprobe scurrying along the small tunnel with the two suited geologists on all fours, scrambling behind it.
'Hey, Peggy. Slow the damn thing down, will you?'
The probe slowed down. They had a mile to go.


Chapter 106

Christopher Crossman took off his helmet. He'd left his team at their last site on the tiny moon.
'We need a mole.'
'We never brought one with us,' said Max Morgan.
'No shit? We were only doing a surface survey for the benefit of a couple of rookies, but I think I might have found something worth looking at, but to do that I need a mini mole. I need to go get one.'
Morgan thumbed towards a seat. 'Buckle up.'
It was a hop, skip and a short jump from Phobos to Mars. Shamini Singh had a mini-mole and a case waiting for them.
'What's in the case?' asked Crossman.
'Don't worry about it,' said Morgan. 'You got what you wanted, I got what I want.'
'I hope that isn't booze.'
'Don't worry about it,' repeated Morgan.
'Listen, cowboy. I'm not going anywhere with a boozed up pilot.'
Morgan said, 'Fine by me. Go get yourself a new pilot. And good luck with that.' He picked up the case of beer and started to walk away.
'Hey.'
'Hey, yourself.'
'Okay. Take your beer with us.'
Morgan paused. 'I don't fly drunk. Never. I've just had a gut full of syncoff.'
Crossman grinned. 'You and me both. You're okay, kid.'
It took the two of them to heave the mole in through the airlock. Both knew it was risky carrying it unsecured. Morgan backed himself to fly straight and land soft. He had the beer on a spare seat next to him. He was back on Phobos and helping to unload the mole within three hours.
'You found something interesting?'
Crossman patted the mole. 'I'll soon know. Easy on the beer, kid.'


Chapter 107

'The roboprobe stopped signalling. Nothing this end,' said Cramer.
Berry and Hellicoyle were finding it hard work crawling along the tunnel.
'Bring it back until we get the signal back and stop it,' said Berry.
'Bringing it back,' said Cramer. 'And we have the signal.'
'I see it,' said Hellicoyle. 'I see the probe.'
Hellicoyle passed by the probe. Its light was shining brightly. The geologist's helmet light shone brightly, too.
'See anything?' Berry asked.
'Just tunnel and...' The helmet light went out. 'And nothing.'
'Nothing?'
'Nothing. And lots of it.'
Berry wriggled up and hit a brick wall. Actually, it was Hellicoyle's backside. 'Move over, will you?'
'One of us could do with losing a little weight, and I don't mean me.'
Berry turned around and looked back down the tunnel the way he'd crawled along. 'Tunnel that way,' he turned back, 'Not so much this way.'
'Told you.'
'Yes. But have you actually moved into it?'
Hellicoyle looked Berry in the eyes, which nearly blinded the man with the helmet lamp. 'Moved into nothing?'
'You keep saying it's nothing. How can you tell unless you go into it?'
'Why me?' said Hellicoyle. 'You go into it. Be my guest.'
Berry said, 'Look. There can't be nothing. I mean, the probe went in, then back again.'
'So you go.'
Berry reached forward, his hand sliding cautiously towards the empty space in front of him. He found it too disconcerting to be able to see his arm clearly, then it seemed to vanish. In, gone, out, back again.
'We need a brighter light.'
'Like that'll do it.'
Berry said, 'You got a better idea?'
'Peggy? You hear me?'
'I hear you.'
'We need a really powerful light in here. Anything come to mind?'
'An argon lamp?'
'Perfect. But hurry.'


Chapter 108

Max Morgan sipped the Martian beer. He was much happier sitting in the freighter, a nice view of the Red Planet, sipping beer. He had finished off two and fallen fast asleep. Now he was warm and comfortable, leaving the others to break rocks. He gave little thought as to what Chris Crossman and his team had discovered. He may have been more interested had he been with them. The mole was burrowing through a dense layer of rock. 
The two rookies with them stood awkwardly to one side, trying not to look completely superfluous. It had been one of them who had noticed an unusual rock structure and had nervously asked Crossman what it could be. Crossman didn't have an answer but agreed it was out of place. He had praised the rookie for noticing it and decided they would investigate while they were on that tiny moon. Suddenly, there was no resistance to the mole's industrial diamond covered cone as it chewed its way through.
'Reverse the mole,' said Crossman. Carl Richter, Crossman's deputy, pulled the lever backwards and the machine reversed out of the rock. With the mole out of their way, they could look along the length of the opening for about fifty yards, then the tunnel abruptly ended into inky blackness.
'Is that a tunnel?'
Crossman said, 'It can't be. I've been a geologist on Mars for the last seventeen years. There has been no excavation on this moon in that time.' He shined his torch into the hole but after illuminating the walls of the perfectly formed tunnel, the light disappeared. 'How can that be?'
Richter said, 'Everyone. Shine your torches in there together.'
Four powerful beams were shone into the tunnel as one. All the light vanished as it reached the end of the tunnel.
'That,' said Crossman, 'Is impossible.'
'It isn't natural, that's for sure,' said Richter.
* * *
It took an agonising twenty minutes for Peggy Cramer to return with an argon lamp. She sent it along on the robo probe.
'Use your sun visor, Felix,' said Berry, before he turned on the blinding white light. At least it was blinding in the tunnel, before it vanished into the blackness. 'That is impossible.'
'No it isn't impossible.'
'Don't say it, Felix,'said Berry.
'Black hole.'
Berry said, 'I said not to say it. Anyway. It can't be a black hole. If it were, we wouldn't be and neither would Mars.'
'Okay. A black hole, but not as we know it. The probe came back easily enough. Like you inferred. If it were a true black hole, it wouldn't have been possible.'
'A man made black hole?'
Hellicoyle shook his head. 'No. Not man made.'


Chapter 109

It wasn't until the third day that Dillow, Cragg, Rocky and Amethyst suited up and stepped out of Big Bird. There was a monumental work effort going on. Cragg wondered which one was Roswell Strange. They were using the low gravity almost as a tool. Clambering over the launcher like a family of monkeys, tremendous progress had already been made. As each piece of the launcher was dissected, Jay Moore was just as efficiently organising the packing and stacking as she called it. Cragg also wondered if Moore's almost catastrophic experience with faulty webbing buckles on that very ship was preying on her mind. He hoped not.
Dillow had other things on her mind. 'Come with me, Craggy. Please.'
Finding The Hill, where the ashes of loved ones were scattered to mix with the soft grey sand of Moon, wasn't straight forward with all the landmarks gone. They found it eventually. As per custom, each picked up a handful of sand and threw it down the Hill.
'For Hank?' asked Cragg.
'For Hank. And all the others who died on Moon.
Cragg threw his handful of sand. 'For my son, Leo and all the others.'
They stood and let their thoughts be with their loved ones lost. Above them, the Blue World, oddly still beautiful. Neither said anything, but looking at the cold planet, they wondered if anyone had survived the war. Mars had had no communication from Earth for years.
'Think it will ever recover, Craggy?'
Cragg sighed, feeling his eyes water. 'Not in my lifetime, and sadly, not even in yours. Maybe one day. Come on. Back to the ship.'
They walked slowly back to the huge ship, leaving footprints, perhaps Man's last, in the soft grey sand. 'I could get very cross with you for banning beer, Fawn.'
'You'll make up for it, I've no doubt.'
As they approached the pointy end, a constant stream of steel lengths were being strapped up tighter than a drum. Each section had already been itemised to play a part in new buildings on Mars. Somehow, it was fitting.


Chapter 110

'Black hole?' said Mars Commander Anton Forbes.
'In a rather generic way,' said Berry. 'Felix and I think it is a manufactured and specifically controlled version of a black hole. Light disappears into it, but solid objects such as the roboprobe, strangely, can be retrieved.'
'It doesn't seem like my idea of a black hole. Could a human be similarly retrieved like the probe?'
Hellicoyle said, 'We did briefly consider throwing Peggy Cramer into it, sort of like a sacrifice to some scary unknown god of black holes. We still could...'
'Hardly a frivolous matter, Felix,' snapped Forbes. 'Was any harm done to the roboprobe?'
Berry said, 'Nothing obvious. But that was tough materials, not flesh and blood. The hole would only have to put the slightest breach into a suit and it would be game over.'
'Not volunteering, I take it?'
Hellicoyle said, 'Commander Forbes. We have families to consider.'
It was a fair point, Forbes realised. 'We can hardly work the mine with a black hole of any description slap bang in the middle of it. Felix, Raz. Whatever this thing is, we need resolution and we need it fast. See what you can come up with.'
* * *
The geologists on Phobos resolved their dilemma. Carl Richter secured himself to a safety line.
'You don't have to do this,' said Chris Crossman.
'We could throw a rookie in there?' The two rookies gave a strange backward shuffle at the unattractive suggestion, causing Richter to chuckle. 'No volunteers? No? One way of getting into the history books,' said Richter with a playful thump to Crossman's arm. 'Hopefully, I'll still be around to read it.'
They all wished Richter good luck, apart from Morgan, fast asleep in the freighter. Richter took hold of the very solid edge of the tunnel and eased himself inside. The others watched him crawl along to the end. His right arm vanished into the blackness, followed by his head and shoulders and finally he gave a disconcerting wave of his left hand before that too, could not be seen. Crossman gave a tentative tug on the safety line and was relieved to feel Richter was still hooked.
Richter could see or feel nothing of his surroundings. He moved, forwards he thought, not floating as if in zero gravity, but it felt more like he was wading through very thick air. He experienced a change to his sensations. It seemed only a few yards into the hole. He also felt Crossman tugging on the safety line. It was difficult to be sure, but Richter had the impression he could see things slightly less black. As he moved along the light became more evident and suddenly he was certain. He could see light at the end of the tunnel.


Chapter 111

The loading of Big Bird was getting done at incredible speed. The packers and loaders overlapped with the construction crew, either taking things apart, numbering each length of girder, while Jay Moore supervised where each piece fitted in the scheme of things in each storage section of the ship, using extra webbing and buckles. Each buckle stamped identification number was duly itemised with a note as to its place in the securing of the load. Nothing was left to chance.
It took just ten and a half gruelling days and nights, with even Amethyst and Rocky lending a hand at times. Jay Moore made a point of doing a final inspection with Fawn Dillow. This load was going nowhere but Mars.
'I think we'll sleep all the way home,' said Moore.
'Well deserved if you do,' said Cragg.
Both crews were allowed time to clean up, change into clean clothes and have a well earned feed. A final headcount and it was Dillow doing the launch. The original use of the launch ramp had been to take the strain off the thrusters when taking off with a heavy load. Modifications had made that redundant. Without any last long looks back at either Moon or Earth, Dillow soon had the ship at close to maximum speed, twin blue thrusters blasting through the heavens. Forty three Old Earth days would see it in orbit around Mars.   
'That wasn't so bad now, was it, Roswell?' Cragg asked.
'Easy for you to say, Craggy. I never ached so much in my life.'
'A month of rest and recreation and your body will forgive you. You young things bounce back quicker than I ever would.'
'Thanks for getting my head together, Craggy. I don't think I could have done it without you encouraging me.'
'Rubbish. It was all you. You just needed a little more self confidence.'
'I'm okay, now. Hey. I wanted to ask you something. That story you told about that dead freighter pilot. Was that true?'
Cragg laughed. 'I'll leave you guessing on that. You like my stories?'
'I'd like to hear more. I think we all would. You should record them. Put them on the computer.'
'We'll see.'
Rocky kept an eye on the ship for the first couple of days, Dillow preferring to let the computers do the boring bits, but she unashamedly hugged the ship. One or two of the youngsters joined her, trying to feel the ship the way Dillow did. They even compared what they thought was going on with the ship. One thing they were in general agreement about was that the ship, all things considered, was reasonably happy.
Cragg continued looking after many of the domestic duties, not really minding being took for granted. Everybody had worked incredibly hard, so the least he could do was take care of some of the menial jobs.
Some of the time he just napped, dreaming of Misty and beer. His tallish stories were an almost daily event, and even Rocky, Dillow and Amethyst enjoyed hearing them again. He kept his embellishments a little shy of being totally unbelievable. Ten days in, everyone knew him as Craggy and he couldn't have been happier about it.
It also amused him to see a few romantic relationships developing, even though that made him miss Misty even more. He vowed this was definitely his last flight. He was going to be Mars bound from now on.

Chapter 112

Carl Richter was floating in the inky blackness; the safety line followed him in a slack loop. Around him, were what looked like discs of circular light. He counted a dozen at least, at different distances from him. He looked behind him and he could see the tunnel he had crawled along, and he realised it looked like one of the circles of light, only closer. Those must also be tunnels, he decided. 
Using a swimming motion, he moved towards the nearest tunnel and finally reached it. He climbed into that next tunnel with the safety line still attached to his belt. Something was hurting his eyes, forcing him to lower his sun visor. Down on his hands and knees to get through the smooth walled tunnel, he bumped into what had hurt his eyes.
'An argon lamp? Christopher. You have to be wrong about men mining here on Phobos. This lamp is from Mars or Earth, and that's for sure.'
The tunnel was brightly lit up by his helmet light, but he could see no end in sight. It took half an hour of uncomfortable crawling along to finally come to the end of the narrow tunnel. He had the surprise of his life when as he was climbing out, to see a surprised Felix Hellicoyle and Raz Berry, suited up and about to climb in.
Hellicoyle said, 'Carl? I thought you were on Phobos with Christopher Crossman?'
'I am. This isn't Phobos?'
'This is Mars,' said a confused Berry. 'Carl. How did you get here?'
Richter pointed up the tunnel. 'I came this way. From Phobos.'
'Carl,' said Berry. 'How long did it take for you to get here from Phobos?'
'Forty five minutes at the most.'
Hellicoyle asked, 'You had no problem getting through the black hole?'
'Black hole? It was very dark, I suppose.'
'Jump on the buggy, Carl,' said Berry. 'Commanders Forbes and Potts need to hear this.'
* * *
Forbes and Potts looked at Richter as if he were some kind of freak. Potts was about to put a call through to Chris Crossman, when a worried Crossman called him first.
'Commander Potts. We have lost one of our men in a hole on Phobos. It's all my fault, Sir.'
'Would that be Carl Richter, by any chance?'
'How did...I don't understand?'
Potts said, 'Neither do we as yet, but I assure you, Carl is alive and well, in my office.'
Crossman was unable to speak for a moment. 'He can't be. I was talking to him just an hour ago, before he went into a sort of tunnel. I had him on a safety line, but it went slack and he never came back.'
'Chris,' said Richter. 'I am safe here on Mars.'
'I am so relieved. If you don't mind, we'll return on the freighter. See you in a few hours.'


Chapter 113

All mining was suspended while the strange tunnel, chamber and artefact were investigated. Mars's top scientific minds were set on the problem but there were as many opinions as there were scientists. It was a black hole. No way was it a black hole. The hole itself was a natural phenomenon. The hole was man made. The hole couldn't possibly be man made. 
It's a sophisticated way to space travel without the need for ships. It was the result of some sort of space time continuum anomaly. It was highly dangerous and should be avoided at all costs. It is obviously safe because a human passed through it unharmed. It was to be thoroughly explored. It was...a gift from God.
Forbes and Potts gave up with most of them. 
To Hellicoyle and Berry, Forbes said, 'If you are up to it, we would like it if you two will head the investigation into all this. You can call on all departments as and when thought necessary. What do you say?'
'We'll give it a go,' said Hellicoyle. 'Actually, we were thinking, just for a working title, we could name it the Hellicoyle Berry phenomenon.'
'Oh?' bristled Berry. 'Why not the Berry Hellicoyle phenomenon? That would be alphabetical.'
Forbes and Potts looked at each other, and rolled their eyes.
Potts said, 'Debate that elsewhere, if you don't mind, but don't come to blows.'
'We'll carry on in the lab, then,' said Berry, casting suspicious looks at his esteemed colleague.
With the geologists still bickering on their way out, Potts said, 'Damn typical. They have no idea what it is, but they want it named after them.'
Forbes said, 'I've a feeling we haven't even scratched the surface of all this yet.'
'At least when that steel gets here, we'll have plenty of muscle to throw at it with the miners not working. It should be here in another two weeks. Are you okay? You look ruffled by something?'
Forbes paced the floor. 'It's just all these unanswered questions. But there's no doubt in my mind, we are dealing with something produced by an intelligent species, way ahead of our technology. And they could have been far more advanced than we are now, thousands of years ago. Doesn't that scare you a little bit?'
Potts had to agree. 'It does, to a degree. But something that opens a door we can walk through to another planet, albeit little Phobos, I don't know about you, but I find it quite exciting.'


Chapter 114

'Let's move on, hey, Felix? I for one am relieved that if it is a kind of black hole, it isn't the dangerous kind. I think we should go in that hole.'
'Both of us?'
'Of course? You're not afraid, are you?'
Hellicoyle said, 'Just being sensibly cautious. At least until we know what we are dealing with.'
'Fair enough. Come on. Suit up.'
'Now?'
'Come on.'
At the end of the small tunnel at the point where it all went totally black, they stopped for another look. Nothing seemed to have changed.
'Feel,' said Berry. 'We have to go by feel.'
'That's how Carl had to do it. Hey. Isn't this his safety line?'
'It must be. Surely it can't reach all the way to Phobos?'
Hellicoyle shrugged. 'Leave that line. Here's yours, secured this end, like mine. Ready?'
'Ready.'
Berry went into the darkness first, but Hellicoyle wasn't far behind. They tried to communicate, but heard nothing from each other. Hellicoyle suddenly felt something strong grab his arm and pull him along, and prayed it was Berry. As he was dragged along, he saw not one, but several dull yellow lights. The closer they got to one light, the more obvious they were at the start, or end of another narrow tunnel. Once out of the dark space and into the new tunnel, like the one they had crawled along, their helmet radios worked well.
'This the way to Phobos?' Hellicoyle asked.
'Your guess is as good as mine. This tunnel is exactly like the first one we found, precision moulded by intense heat. Come on.'
'Is your postracker working?'
Berry checked the disc on his right forearm. It glowed green. 'Yeah. Yours?'
'I noticed it wasn't until we came into the tunnel. I want to see if we can be tracking our movements when we get back.'
Berry took the lead and followed the tunnel, straight and true. After a full hour of tedious slog they were both wondering whether or not to double back when they came to something new and unexpected. The tunnel ended, continuing up above them at ninety degrees to the direction they had crawled. There was barely room enough for the pair to stand up straight together, but it was a relief for their backs and aching limbs. Although dead straight, it appeared to go up for miles.
'Jeez. How high is that?' Berry asked.
'It could be many miles up,' said Hellicoyle. 'Richter didn't mention anything like this.'
'I agree,' said Berry. 'I'm sure he would have done. That's way too much just to go to the surface.'
'I wouldn't be surprised if we can find some clues at the top of it. I can't think of anything we have to get us up there to take a look.'
Berry said, 'Assuming we could even find this again.'
'Extraordinary. All this time and we never knew we had this under our feet. We have to find a way up that tunnel.' 


Chapter 115

Propulsion engineer, Skye Lewquarker, knew a thing or two about thrust. She was also a genius with figures, although many a man thought her own figure was quite appealing. She also worked on the jungle beehives in her spare time, because the age old puzzle of the larger bees being unable to fly in theory, intrigued her. She also liked honey.
'Right. You have a vertical tunnel, about three feet wide, dead smooth walls, very high, and you need a form of propulsion to get you perhaps several miles high.'
'That's about the size of it,' said Berry, admiring Skye's curves.
'Just how perfect is the tunnel, especially the vertical one?'
'Pretty flawless perfection, from what I could see,' said Hellicoyle.
'Hmm. Assuming it is that perfect, I'm thinking the diameter of the tunnel will be very restrictive for a backpack. Too much of a tendency to rub up against and bounce around the tunnel wall. A fuel supply would be very limited, also. Hmm.' Lewquarker paced up and down, chin in her hand. 'Right.' She paced some more. 'We can use the well made walls as a guide for some kind of small thruster. If we made the housing three feet in diameter, with wheels to run against the walls, so the person can either stand or better still, sit on it, we can have a grunty engine, with a reasonable fuel capacity. Your suit will protect you from gases. I have a design in mind.'
Hellicoyle asked,'Dare I ask how long it will take to make?'
'Good question. This time tomorrow okay for you?'
'Excellent. Thanks, Skye. We'll leave you to it.'
They weren't disappointed when they met with Skye the following day by the small tunnel entrance. 
'Impressive,' said Berry. 'So's the thing you built.'
'And you a married man, Raz. Behave. Okay. I took accurate tunnel measurements. Amazing precision, by the way. So, this is not unlike a big base drum with an inbuilt propulsion unit. On the outside in the direction of travel are five spring loaded wheels that ride against the walls of the tunnel, taking up any minor imperfections, not that I could see any, so it shouldn't jamb up. 
The fuel supply should be good for between sixty and seventy miles of travel. No brakes, but you can slow down or accelerate using one simple control. You kneel on the centre of the drum platform. You hook your lower legs in this loop and hold on with one hand, control it with the other.'
'Top speed?' asked Hellicoyle.
'Between three and five miles per hour, so very controllable. Just keep to the low end because if you meet a dead end, you could end up dead. Oh. To reverse, just twist the controls clockwise.'
'A great job in such a limited time,' said Hellicoyle. 'Thanks, Skye. Who's feeling brave? Raz?'
'I'll give it a go.'


Chapter 116

Skye Lewquarker wished them good luck, Berry went ahead of the drum pulling it along, whilst Hellicoyle pushed them. They almost lost it crossing the black hole, but eventually found the small tunnel they were after that led to the vertical tunnel, deep inside Mons. It was tricky getting from the horizontal tunnel to the vertical with Berry finally in the kneeling position on top of the drum, ready to press the ignition button.
'Ready, Raz?'
'As I'll ever be. Stay well out of the way of the exhaust.'
'I'm clear. Go, Raz.'
There was a slight roaring sound, and Hellicoyle saw the exhaust jets from underneath the drum. With surprising smoothness, Berry was on his way at three miles per hour to a place never seen before by a human being, deep inside the tallest mountain in the solar system.
Berry had to close his eyes. His closeness to the continuously moving smooth surface, albeit at a sedate pace, was turning his stomach. Then he realised he should keep his eyes open, to avoid a calamity on his arrival at his unknown destination. So he opened his eyes...just a little too late. The propulsion device he rode upon suddenly had no tunnel to control its assent. When the exhaust propulsion had nothing solid beneath it, the leisurely ride up became a wildly uncontrollable tornado. Berry was bounced around the walls like a pinball in a machine, before he remembered to let go of the controls. He dropped hard onto the ground. He rolled around in pain, but his pain melted away at sight of the huge domed room. Painfully, he got to his feet. He flipped off his sun visor and he had a clear view. A concerned voice filled his helmet.
'Raz? Raz? Are you there?'
'Felix. I had a bit of a hard landing, but I'll be okay. I'm in a sort of big domed room. Massive. I'm going to try to send you what I'm looking at, but I'm not sure if it will work after that landing. Jeez. Sorry you can't be here with me.'
'I can if you send the damn platform back.'
'Sorry, I forgot. It doesn't seem too beat up. Make sure you keep out of the way when it gets there. On its way.' The device set off at a steady walking pace to get Hellicoyle. 'Felix. Prepare to have your mind completely blown away. This is incredible.'
'Stop sending it me second hand. I'm on my way.'
Even so, Hellicoyle was subjected to fifteen minutes of, WOW! JEEZ! YOU GOTTA SEE THIS!
Hellicoyle made a more graceful exit of the tunnel, laying the device carefully by the entrance. He too flipped his sun visor. 
'My God. I thought you must be exaggerating, but clearly not. Is he...it the only one?'
'I've had a quick look around, but he's the only one I've seen so far.'
They stared at the dried husk of a small being. It was twisted up with thin, bony knees tucked up into a barrel chest. It was dressed in a smock like gown of a silver grey material. It wore no breathing apparatus.
Hellicoyle said, 'He isn't human, but either he's from this planet, or this dome was some sort of airtight room filled with whatever he breathed. He wasn't too happy by the look of his expression.'          
Berry crossed the room to some odd shapes along one side. 'This is what I'm interested in. Remind you of anything?'
'Some sort of control room. But they look like dummy control panels. Sort of pretend stuff.'
'I see what you mean, but what would be the point?'
Berry asked, 'And why only one body? What's that about?'
Hellicoyle was down on one knee examining the body. 'Not sure if this is his natural colour, but it's not a very healthy yellow. I'll get the medical centre to take him to be properly examined later and to do an autopsy. Interesting.'
'What?'
'Come and look.'
Berry said, 'I'm not good with dead bodies.'
'I think there's been foul play, here.'
'Come again?'
Hellicoyle said, 'I think he was murdered.'
'Yeah? Well it sure wasn't me.'
'Come on. We need to tell the commanders.'
Berry said, 'I'll go first and you can keep taking a look. I'll send the thing back up to get you.'
Berry got on the platform and ignited the thruster which gently lowered him down the tunnel. Hellicoyle continued checking the room, but his eyes were homing in on the small dead body. The face was distorted in a twisted grimace of agony. Large, very round, lash-less eyes seemed to be following him around the domed room. And it was odd just to be one of them. His thoughts were interrupted by the platform returning and he hurried to put his weight on it to stop it come flying out of the tunnel. He knelt down on it, hooked his legs through the security loop and turned the control clockwise. He was on his way down.


Chapter 117

'Commander Potts,' said Berry. 'Geology has a certain amount of detective work, but not so much on people.'
'But murdered?' said Potts. 'He's an alien. Does that even count as murder for us humans?'
Forbes said, 'It would be good to have it looked at through the eyes of a detective, or at least police. Just for interest sake.'
Potts said, 'The nearest we have to a detective is Commander Lance Dillow. I'll put a call out for him.'
As Potts did that, Forbes, Hellicoyle and Berry discussed the new find. Seventeen minutes later, Commander of Space Security Lance Armour Dillow, arrived.
'A murder?' Dillow studied their faces. This only sounded like a wind up.
'It looked that way to me,' said Hellicoyle. 'I didn't touch the body, just in case somebody thought it should be investigated.'
'I'm not a detective.'
Forbes said, 'Lance. You're the nearest thing to a detective that we have. Look. That...alien could well have died hundreds or thousands of years ago. We are just trying to do the right thing here. If you don't come to any conclusion, it doesn't really matter. Will you check things out?'
Potts added, 'You might find it interesting. Go take a look around, then let the medical centre loose on him.'
'Fair enough. It will make a change from busting drunk teen heads. I always thought it was a bad mix, youngsters, booze and drugs.'
Forbes had been expecting that remark. 'Your concerns are duly noted. Again.'
'Yeah, right,' growled the giant. 'One of you going to show me how to get there?'
'Of course,' said Berry. 'Oh. That reminds me. I'd like to take a look on the postracker, to see where we actually went.'
'I've a postracker scanner here, somewhere,' said Forbes. 'Here. Give me your arm.'
Berry held out his arm and Forbes scanned the small disk. The three dimensional projector on one wall showed a schematic view of the surrounding area. Berry's present position showed as a pulsating light in Forbes' office. 
'Computer,' Forbes commanded. 'Trace postracker Raz Barry. Five minute increments.' They followed the postracker log of Berry's movements. 'That's the mine.'
'That's me in the small tunnel. Making my way along, to come here. Coming to where the tunnel meets the black stuff. What the hell happened then?'
Hellicoyle said, 'We would be making our way to the tunnel at that time. Clearly, the postracker doesn't work in the black stuff.'
Dillow said, 'Where were you before that?'
'Coming from the tunnel that leads to the dead guy,' said Berry. 'And here's the signal. Oh, crap.'
'That has to be a misreading,' said Hellicoyle. 'It puts us in the middle of Olympus Mons. It was a bit of a slog in that tunnel, but we never went a hundred and fifty miles.'
'That's half the diameter of Mons. Let me scan your postracker, Felix,' said Forbes.
Forbes repeated the procedure on Hellicoyle's postracker disk. It followed Berry's journey almost exactly. it also had him in the middle of the huge mountain.
Dillow asked, 'How high up did the vertical tunnel take you?'
'Not that far. It seemed like two or three miles.'
Forbes said, 'Try about twelve miles. You were pretty high up Mons, roughly central.'
Hellicoyle shared a confused look with Berry as the three dimensional projection showed both their positions miles higher than they would ever have imagined possible. 'I have no explanation for what just happened.'
'Downright weird,' said Berry.
Dillow said, 'Maybe we can figure that out later. Show me that damn body.'
'I'll take you,' said Hellicoyle. 'Want to go now?'
'Lets go,' said Dillow.


Chapter 118

'Five more days,' said Cragg with a sigh.
'Getting stir crazy, Craggy?'
'Rocky. Let's just say hanging around for weeks on end in a tin can has lost much of its appeal. Are you sure we can't get any more speed out of this bird?'
'Mars is getting further from Earth and Moon, so we have a few more million miles to travel. I'll call ahead and let Misty know to get beer on ice for you.'
'That's another reason I'm not flying any more.'
'Misty?'
'Well, yeah, her too. Dillow sleeping?'
Rocky laughed. 'Not just yet. She always hugs the ship before she turns in.'
'And not a bad thing, either. It was about at this point on her first ride in this bird her load came loose. That's probably what's going through her mind.'
'Maybe. I'd better get back to driving the bus. Jeez. I'm getting to sound more like you every day.'
Cragg sighed, finding himself alone again. Then he heard a voice behind him.
'Hi, Craggy.'
'Roswell.'
'I've just been watching us flying along on the observation deck.'
Cragg grinned. 'See? That's progress. You couldn't do that a few weeks ago. We'll make a space cowboy out of you yet.'
'I don't think so. I've put in for a supervisors development course.'
'Good for you. That's perfect for you. What does it mean?'
'Well, I do a lot of team building exercises, try other disciplines like plant maintenance, computer servicing, freighter loading, working with other supervisors. It means I have a better understanding of how many other departments operate...'
Cragg nodded. '....so you see the big picture, gain confidence and people skills, so you can supervise others. Brilliant.'
'I can't wait to get stuck in. What was the training like back in your day?'
'It was a bit different then. I had the CMTBC program.'
'Hey?'
'Cragg Make The Bloody Coffee program. Mind you, that was when we could still get actual coffee. Come to think about it, I never did find out if I passed.'
Roswell giggled and again, Cragg saw his granddaughter that never was. That hit him harder when she kissed his cheek.
'Craggy. You're priceless.'
He sighed as she skipped away.


Chapter 119

'You move him at all?' Lance Dillow asked.
'Just his face,' said Hellicoyle. 'I was curious to see if that strange hole in the side of his neck was on both sides. If it were, it may have been just some sort of physical feature. It isn't matched on the other side, so that got me wondering how it got there.'
'Good point. You keep calling him he. Have you checked?'
Hellicoyle was shocked. 'Checked?'
'Yes. Under that tunic thing. I'll do it.' Dillow lifted the hem of the tunic. 'Now, that's impressive for a little guy.'
'Makes my eyes water just looking at it. Cover him up, will you? I'm getting an inferiority complex.'
Dillow said, 'Hmm. What's this?'
With the tunic pulled back, a pouch of the same material as the tunic was revealed below the ribcage. They could see a strange shaped object hidden in the pouch. Dillow put his hand inside and pulled out a small ceramic cone, about the length of his little finger. He held it up for a closer examination.
'There's a series of tiny holes all along it. Any ideas?'
Hellicoyle said, 'Not a clue.'
'Me neither. Apart from a shit scared expression on his face, I got nothing. I'll give the medical centre a call to have this guy looked at.'
Once Dillow had done that, telling them to meet up with Berry at the mine entrance, he called Berry to advise him and to let him know they would send the alien down the tunnel for him to be taken away to the medical centre.  They spent the time looking around the strange domed room.
'Weird,' said Dillow.
'What is?'
'Just one room. No furniture like beds, chairs, a place to eat. He might not be human, but I'm guessing he still had the basic functions. So where did he crap?'
'Thanks. I now have peculiar images in my head of little people sitting on little toilets.'
'I worry about you, sometimes. There's something else that bugs me. He's not wearing a suit. I'm thinking he wasn't born here, because there's no evidence of his kind being found. So, if he's an air breather, how did he survive?'
Hellicoyle looked at the mouth of the vertical tunnel. 'Until we accidentally opened up their tunnels, this room was effectively sealed off from the outside. They just need a way to replenish their air.'
'But there's nothing in here to do that, or anything else.'
'So there must be other rooms.'
Dillow raised his hands to the heavens. 'Like where?'
'Just because we haven't found them, doesn't mean they don't exist.'
Dillow nodded. 'True. And what's with that lot over there? Pretend computers?'
'That's what Berry and I wondered. They sort of look like they put a mock-up control centre, then ran out of money. They just made shapes to look like them.'
Dillow wasn't convinced. 'I don't buy that.'
He went over to the odd shapes. He stood and stared at them, then he ran his gloved fingers over the smooth surfaces. It was completely seamless and faultless. Almost.
'Felix. Come and look at this.'
'Found something?'
'A hole.'
It was indeed a hole. It was the only break in the whole surface in the domed room. It was about the diameter of a man's little finger. Dillow looked at the hole and then he looked at the cone he was holding. He looked at Hellicoyle who just shrugged. Dillow carefully inserted the tip of the cone into the hole. It didn't quite fit. It stood proud by half of one inch. Nothing happened.
Hellicoyle placed a finger gently onto the base of the cone protruding out of the hole and pushed it home. Something, perhaps a relay, clicked. The dome became brighter, seams opening in many places. Sensors lit up; some flashing ominously. The computer shapes burst into life, part of the wall above it reshaping itself and also lit up, but had no images on it.
'Bloody fantastic,' gasped Hellicoyle. The room continued to transform and they stood in amazement, too scared to move or touch anything. Until they heard a voice.


Chapter 120

'Everything okay up there?'
'Yes, Berry,' said Dillow. 'It has just come to life.'
'What? That dead alien?'
'No, idiot. The room. Listen. We are just going to see if we can find something to wrap him up in before we send him down. We won't be too long.'
'Okay.'
Hellicoyle was checking the small door shapes around the base of the dome. Each door had a white light sensor and the geologist touched one. The door didn't open, it vanished. 'Interesting.' He touched the sensor again and the door reappeared. He opened it and looked into the room.
'You wondered where the little guy crapped? This is it.'
'Nice to know.'
They opened all eight rooms. There were four that could have been bedrooms. Each had a single cot in the centre. They were circular, had no pillows or sheets. No regular sized adult human could ever get into one comfortably. There were shapes and sensors around the base of the room.
One room appeared to be a utility room with well ordered tools, machines and gadgets. 
'I'm guessing this thing pumps clean air around the place,' said Dillow, passing a hand over a vent in a large machine covering one half of the room. He touched it and could feel it humming slightly.
They found four small pods in individual housings. They were egg shaped, one half a metallic material was capped off with a matching clear cover. Dillow touched a sensor on the housing and it opened up to free the pod. Another sensor on the pod had the cover open up.
Dillow said, 'Does this look like something we could put Joe in?'
'Joe?'
'Why not? He sure isn't a Josephine with a pecker like that.' Dillow closed the cover and picked up the pod. 'Surprisingly light.'
Dillow carried it to the door and pushed it into the domed room. He opened the pod next to the body, respectfully gathering up the body and reverently placing Joe in the pod, touching the sensor to close him in.
'Berry?'
'There you are. I almost went home. Where's that damned alien?'
'We found a thing for him. I'm about to drop it into the tunnel. Get ready for it. Here he comes.' Dillow picked up the pod with the alien inside, took it to the tunnel opening and held it over the top and he let go. The Pod was a perfect fit in the tunnel. It didn't move one iota. Dillow touched the protruding end of the pod and the alien was on his final journey down the tunnel.
'Now what do we do?' asked Hellicoyle.
'I want somebody to work that computer,' said Dillow.
Hellicoyle stared at the complex array off lights, some flashing, some not. 'Don't look in my direction.'
'I know just the one for this job. Come on. We need a break.'


Chapter 121

After taking care of natures callings back in Base Three, they had a snack and were joined by Stella Wayward, the computer maestro herself.
'I'll check my employment contract one of these days. I already pulled a fourteen hour day.'
'Want a beer, Stella?' Hellicoyle asked.
'And anything edible.'
Dillow said, 'Felix. Make yourself useful, while I chat with Stella.'
Hellicoyle wasn't about to argue with Armour Dillow.
Stella said, 'I heard something about a little dead alien?'
'All true. He was found dead, in a weird place inside Mons.'
'Shit! How did that happen?'
'Pass.'
'Where is he now?'
'Medical centre. Stella. The whole place in Mons is controlled by computers, but...'
'You want me to work them.'
'This needs the best.'
Stella let Hellicoyle put the beer and plate of food in front of her. 'Flattery will get you anywhere, Lance. Thanks, Felix.'
Dillow said, 'I'll take you when you've eaten. Felix, you can turn in, if you like.'
'Music to my ears. I'll catch up with you tomorrow. Goodnight, you two.'
Stella ate and sipped her beer, as Dillow told what they had discovered.
'It sounds like you and Felix discovered a lot already,' Stella said. 'That's pretty user friendly, considering it was made by alien hands. He does have hands, doesn't he?'
'He also has something else.' He leaned forward to whisper in her ear.
'No shit. Sounds like quite a catch.'
'He's not my type. Stella. If you're tired, we can go tomorrow.'
'I'm all fired up. Come on. Show me the stud's penthouse pad.'


Chapter 122

'Sexy.'
'It is?' said Dillow.
Stella said, 'This computer is crying out for my loving touch.'
'Anyone ever tell you you are a strange woman?'
'Nobody worth listening to.' Stella was almost drooling over the computer. 'How many fingers did he have on one hand?'
'Four. Three one way, one opposing the other three.'
Stella tucked her little fingers in and spread the other four over one bank of coloured sensors.
'In that case, I would do...and here we go.'
The strange curved screen flickered into life and they had a perfect image of one of the aliens, recording something in a scratchy, surprisingly deep voice, his small hands gesticulating dramatically. Behind him were two more of his kind, having an animated discussion.
'We heard one of their voices briefly before.'
'It all looks a little intense,' said Stella.
'It's changed into something else,' said Dillow. 'Is that his home planet, you think?'
The image showed a a lush planet with domed dwellings, people doing things, going about their business, small personal craft gliding along. A shift to a panoramic vista showed a world in balance, with an ecology that was a priority.
'Makes Mars look a little sad,' said Stella. As the image panned even higher and wider, something struck them hard. It was a shot of Olympus Mons. 'Shit. It is Mars.'
All around Mons was a tropical paradise. The aliens were living in a world they cared for transforming it into a balance of people and planet in total harmony. An image of several space ships beyond Mons were being attended to and unloaded of assorted containers. Everyone seemed to be working for the greater good.
The image changed again. It was the alien explaining something, pointing to different things around him, some out of sight. Suddenly the panoramic view of Mars, particularly Mons, seemed to have the lushness stripped away, piece by piece. Gradually, the true planet, barren and dead, was exposed.
Dillow said, 'Jeez. That could be interpreted in so many ways.'
'I don't think we should jump to any conclusions. I want to have some quality alone time in here. I think in time, I can find out all sorts of things.'
Dillow agreed. 'You got it. But you need a solid break and to tackle this fresh. Come on, young lady. Follow me out of here; come back once rested.'
 

Chapter 123

Tagg Potts wanted to learn all about Olympus Mons and to that aim was having a beer with Felix Hellicoyle in the wallowing pool.
Hellicoyle said, 'Truth is, ask ten different scientists, you'll probably get ten different answers. Best guestimate is anywhere between two and twenty million years since it last erupted.'
'Scientists. So useful.'
'But, I'll tell you what I know. It's a shield volcano, built up of layers. Same as the ones in Hawaii on Earth. Mons is about  sixteen miles high, depending where you measure from, and about three hundred and seventy miles in diameter at the widest point. The lava is mostly basalt. The volcanic activity has brought up interesting and useful minerals and elements closer to the surface and it is those we excavate from the surrounding volcano.'
'Felix. I already know most of that. Those tunnels. How could they be formed?'
'The surfaces are so smooth and the shape is so precise I have no idea. It is something that melts the rock so perfectly. Pity we don't have something like that.'
Potts finished his beer. 'So, sometime before we arrived, they made that tunnel system and that so called black hole that isn't a black hole, and managed to build a holiday home actually inside Mons. They've been watching us all the time we've been here, I'm guessing.'
'A safe bet, I'd say. They might be repeating this all over the universe for all we know. Makes us look like something that still lives in caves.'
'Scary stuff,' said Potts getting out of the pool. 'Something to give me bad dreams. Good night, Felix.'
'Goodnight.'    



Chapter 124

Stella Wayward was a tenacious individual. After sleeping for a solid eight hours, she awoke fired up and was eager to go. Making her own way to the domed room, she started the computer and replayed what she and Dillow had seen before. Several attempts of using the various sensors had the previously seen images flashed back and forth. She pressed the end of the cone Dillow had pressed into the control panel. The screen went blank.
'It's all about these little things,' she told herself as she stared at the cone. 'My guess is that there are more of these damn things around, somewhere.' She thought about the way Dillow had described the dead body, as if it had come to an unpleasant and untimely end. 'Okay, Stud. You were trying to tell us something.'
Stella opened all the small doors for access to the other rooms. The four sleeping rooms were identical in layout including compartments presumably for clothes and perhaps personal possessions. All proved to be empty.
'Come on, Stud. You want to tell me something, I want to hear it. Where's your stash?'
All other rooms had yielded no results. Until she went into the utility room.
'All this stuff left behind. More evidence of a rush job. Anything in here?'
Stella checked everything she could and still found nothing. She pulled out a final container and opened it, finding it empty. She was about to call it a Martian day, when she noticed something. It was silver, oblong, and had been hidden behind the larger container. Compared to the other utilitarian items, this was as odd as it could be. The silver box was about the length of her hand and intricately engraved. The box itself made her shudder with anticipation, and she cautiously opened it. Inside were seven similar white cones with tiny holes along their length.
At the computer, she selected one cone and pressed it home. Immediately the screen lit up and one alien she presumed to be Stud, was speaking. In fluent English.
'Commander Dillow? Are you there, Commander Dillow?'
'Stella?'
'You need to see this.'


Chapter 125
  
Dillow stared at the screen, hardly believing the evidence of his own eyes. Even after the third play, it was still incredible. Stud was speaking a translated English, albeit with a very strange accent.
'My name is Korlyn Num Serdinda. That is as close an approximation of my name I can make. We are a scouting party for our people. Our people have travelled across the galaxy for thousands of your years. I have lived on this planet, the one you know as Mars, for one hundred and ninety seven of your Earth years. I have walked amongst you on your planet.'
'Disguised as what? A hobgoblin?' said Dillow.
'That you are watching this means you have finally arrived from Earth. I suspect my kind are planning to kill me because I no longer agree with our intentions. I have rebelled and spoken up against our leaders. People of Earth have problems and your ways make no sense to any of us. Our wishes to colonise this planet will one day, I feel, clash with your desire to do the same. I see this planet as being your only salvation, whereas, we have colonised many planets across this galaxy. It is the consensus of our people that you deserve the fate you have destined for yourselves. I have argued that we should move on and leave this Mars for you.'
'Stud's pretty cool,' said Stella.
'Sure is.'
'At the time of this recording, you Earth people are engaging in an all out war. Your aircraft are still primitive, but your determination to destroy yourselves, overcomes your limited technology.'
'I wonder which war he's talking about?' said Dillow.
'You are developing nuclear warhead capability. Adolf Hitler was determined to dominate your world.'
'Hitler?' gasped Dillow. 'This dude has been around for some time.'
'I have let it be known I have communicated with your leaders about our intentions. This is untrue, but it has created doubt in their minds. We have superior technology, but you would be well matched with your warlike tendencies. We are aware of your brutal capabilities and do not have the resolve to fight with you.'
'They're scared of us,' said Stella.
'Good job too,' said Dillow. 'One of these munchkins had a go at me, I'd step on him.'
'My time is short. I believe if the pathways will remain, you may find the methods of their use. But you must destroy them. I repeat, destroy the pathways. Also important, I have hidden a terraformer in a place where my kind may not discover. I wish you well and...'


Chapter 126

Forbes and Potts listened grim faced to Stella and Dillow.
'Incredible. We owe this Korlyn Num Serdinda one hell of a lot, by the sound of it,' said Anton Forbes.
Potts held the silver box in his hands. 'This is an antique from Earth. Korlyn must have acquired it on a visit.'
Stella said, 'We have three more recordings to go through.'
Dillow said, 'We urgently need to learn about this pathway thing and also this terraforming. I'll work with Stella on that.'
Potts said, 'There are so many questions going on in my head right now. I think we...'
A call came through from the medical centre. 'Potts.' He listened carefully, then said, 'Right. Got that. Now listen. That little guy is a damn hero as far as I'm concerned. Patch him up carefully and treat him with all due respect. Okay.'
'Tagg?' Forbes said.
Potts explained, 'That hole in the side of his neck. It was from some sort of injection. It was a mutated fungus. Once injected, it spread throughout his body, destroying him internally. He would have been killed slowly and painfully.'
'My God,' said Forbes. 'He suffered and died to save our race. We, as usual, were busy killing each other, and a little alien on Mars was thinking we were worth a second chance. I don't know about you guys right now, but I for one feel incredibly humble.'
Dillow let out a long deep breath. The sombre mood was oppressive and depressing. 'Come on, Stella. We owe it to him to make the most of what he left us.'


Chapter 127
   
'Two more days,' said Cragg.
Fawn Dillow said, 'No more long hauls for either of us, I reckon.'
'Missed Joel and Shyne, no doubt?'
'Oh, man. Like you wouldn't believe. But in the unlikely event of any more long trips coming up, we have a couple of good young pilots to take up the reins.'
'Think you'll ever marry Joel?'
Dillow shrugged. 'It comes up in conversation, now and then. No rush.'
'More kids?'
'Same. Plenty of time. Are you going back to teaching?'
Cragg nodded. 'I was unsure for a while. Roswell changed my mind. I think I still have things to offer.'
'Of course you have. And I'll get back to freighter training. We'll always need short haul pilots.'
Cragg asked, 'Do you still enjoy training pilots?'
Dillow nodded. 'I get a real buzz out of seeing some nervous rookie mature into a self confident freighter captain. That's life changing.'
Cragg chuckled. 'Self confidence wasn't a problem with a certain rookie Fawn Dillow.'
'Mostly bluff and bravado. With a father like mine, I was never going to be a shrinking violet. I wonder what he's up to?'
'Banging the heads together of boozed up teenagers, I expect.'
'Yeah. He'd enjoy that.'
* * *
Lance Dillow was back with Stella Wayward at the alien computer, watching the brilliant young woman do what seemed to come naturally to her. He couldn't help but think of his own wonderful daughter. Some called her a chip of the old block. Rubbish. She was her own block. He was working with Stella while his daughter was somewhere in deep space; a precious cargo of mostly young people, and priceless steel, bringing them home safely. The number of people left were a few thousand, still kicking a mostly dead planet. But with the high calibre of those remaining, there was a hope worth clinging on to.
Stella brought his mind back to the dome. 'Lance. This is the final cone. All or nothing hinges on this one.'
'Get it on, Stella.'
Stella pushed the cone home. What they saw was beyond anything they could imagine.


Chapter 128

Korlyn looked so crestfallen. He could barely look up as he made the final recording. He started to speak, but it was his own harsh sounding language. He suddenly realised, reached over and touched something, and it was back to English.
'I am so sorry. I have let you down. I hear my own people, whispering behind my back. They are waiting for orders.'
There was sadness in his strange eyes. Stella could feel the little guy's pain, and even though he knew what his fate was to be, he was more concerned about a bunch of big, blood thirsty idiots. Stella grabbed Dillow's arm for support.
'If only he knew.'
Korlyn continued. 'I intended to leave clues to the whereabouts of the terraforma, but I fear my demise is imminent. I was afraid of the others learning of my plans.'
'Where is that terraforma?' urged Dillow.
As if the dead alien had heard the question, he said, 'It is close to your mine by this mountain. If by some miracle you find it, this is what it looks like.'
'That?' gasped Dillow.
Korlyn held up the egg shaped glowing vessel, decorated in gold filigree. 'Great care must be taken when activating it. It must be opened near a substantial water supply, even Martian water will do. You may have already seen the theoretical assimilation as to what this planet should become. To activate it, simply hold the top and the bottom and twist. It should turn completely green. Once done, all people must be far away or may be in great danger. Must be more than one thousand of your miles away. Do not approach it for three of your days.'
The screen showed the lush vegetation they had seen previously.
Dillow said, 'His little pals must have suspected what he was up to and had orders to stop him.'
'Miserable bastards.'
'Wait. Korlyn has more to say.'
'We were expanding our pathways. You must destroy it. Prevent my kind coming back that way.'
'Pathways?' said Stella. 'Oh. He means the tunnels.'
Dillow shook his head. 'The tunnels are just tunnels. I think it's the black stuff.'
'The black stuff? But that's like nothing. How do we destroy nothing?'
'It isn't nothing. That stuff creates a bridge to Phobos. It made a ten mile tunnel into this dome seem like just a couple of miles. That blackness must bend space, maybe even time. That's what he's talking about.'
'And we have to destroy that? How?'
Dillow said, 'That's my job. You have been brilliant, but now I have to do the next part. While I figure it out, let's tell the others about the terraforma.'


Chapter 129

'This?' said Hellicoyle.
'That?' said Berry.
Dillow said, 'That has the power to turn this glorified sandcastle into the Garden of Eden.'
'Ooh, can I be Adam?' said Berry.
'If you are Adam, I'm not being Eve, and I tell you that for free,' said Stella.
'So how does it work?' asked Forbes.
Dillow explained, 'It just sort of twists to activate it. But it has to be by lots of water and we have to be a thousand miles away before it goes off.'
'Or what?' asked Potts.
'Korlyn didn't elaborate,' said Stella. 'But we saw the results of how it works and I want me a piece of that.'
Forbes said, 'Felix. You're making me nervous. Stop your hands shaking that thing and put it back carefully in the safe. Easy, Easy; don't you slam that damn door. Good. Now I can start breathing again.'
Dillow said, 'The Terraforming thing is a great invention but I could see the fear in Korlyn's face. Fear for us, not himself. Those tunnels could lead all over the place. I have to find a way to break it, stop his little buddies coming here and injecting us with shit that eats our insides all up.'
'And you'll do that how?' said Forbes.
Dillow shook his head. 'I've got no idea. I'm going to spend some time floating about in there, see if I can figure it out.'
Forbes said, 'I think it's a crying shame we have to destroy such an amazing thing. Just imagine the places we could go to if we could figure it out.'
'I agree,' said Dillow, 'but I am not letting those little shits loose on Mars if I can help it. Tomorrow, I'm making the destruction of that pathway a priority.'


Chapter 130

Dillow was rested and determined. He considered putting on a regulation white suit, wondering if his own black one was the way to go in the pathway blackness. Black was his colour, but a person could have too much of a good thing. Besides, he did have his helmet light, didn't he? Ah! No. Light couldn't escape that blackness. Oh, well.
The eerily silent mine was still well lit up, and his lone buggy drive to the small tunnel compounded his feeling of self imposed isolation. He parked up and wasted no time in wriggling his way along the alien made tunnel. Ahead of him, just a suited arms length away, the mysterious blackness that twisted and distorted spacial reality. And he was entering it alone.
Giving the safety line attached to his belt a tug, he entered the unknown, trusting his life to fate.
The inky blackness would have been absolute had it not been for the dozen or so softly glowing ends of different tunnels. Pathways. He liked that. One would take him to inner peak of Olympus Mons itself. Another, unsure which one, would have him walking on Phobos faster than he could drive the buggy back to Base Three. And the others?
He recalled Forbes' words about it being a crying shame they couldn't make use of the mind blowing technology. He agreed with the Mars Commander. But the alternative to leaving the pathways open was too terrifying to contemplate. But how to destroy it? If something could be created, it could be destroyed, right? 
Dillow closed his eyes, flipped his sun visor down, and his black uniform was lost in the blackness that straddled the universe.
As Dillow became one with the blackness, Stella was attempting to do the same with the alien computers. Over and over she went through the cones recordings. Somewhere in those, she felt, were more answers, perhaps missed on previous viewings. Twice she watched in awe of the lush jungles the little people had created on other worlds. To do that on Mars would be so cool. But she was looking for something else. Korlyn had made it quite clear. As long as those tunnels, that pathway, remained open, they would be in constant danger. Stella was looking for any clue that would help Dillow destroy the pathway. 


Chapter 131

'Buckle up, people. I repeat, buckle up. This is Captain Rocky Ramshorn, speaking. Estimated time of arrival Mars outer orbit, one hour, seventeen minutes. We will take one full orbit before we enter Mars atmosphere. You may hear a slight roaring sound, which is normal. There will be slight vibrations. This will last no more than eleven minutes, fifteen seconds. One single orbit will see us over the landing strip. There will be a fresh crew to unload the cargo, supervised by Captain Jay Moore. Your job is done. Well done, people. Now buckle up.'
Dillow deliberately sat with the others, demonstrating her complete faith in Rocky Ramshorn. Amethyst sat at her husband's side at the controls, taking it all in for the time she may have to fly the Big Bird. Cragg sat between Dillow and Roswell, laughing and joking, taking his role of ship's clown seriously by putting everyone be at ease. Inwardly, Dillow smiled, knowing exactly what Craggy was up to. His very presence was a calming influence. In every way, the man was a legend. In no time at all, the time for entry into Mars' thin atmosphere was upon them.  
'Captain Rocky Ramshorn here. We will be commencing re-entry into Mars' atmosphere in two minutes. Stay buckled up.'
The Big Bird was guided through the re-entry by the computers, Rocky ready to take over for the actual landing. The marsillium coating shook off the fierce friction heat like a dog shaking off water.
The soft roaring sound stopped and Rocky took over. One slow orbit, Rocky calmness personified using the slightest of hand and finger movements, taking the biggest ship in mankind's history to the landing strip, being guided home by his every command.
Amethyst was never as in love with her husband than at that exact moment. And soon they would be with the twins, a family again. She said nothing, knowing Rocky was in the zone, as one with the ship, his ship. He took it down to one tenth power.
'Captain Rocky Ramshorn requesting permission to land this bird.'
'Permission granted, Captain. Welcome home, Rocky.'
'Thanks.'
'Did you feel that, Craggy?' asked Dillow.
'Feel what?'
'Exactly.'
'We touched down?'
'Welcome home, Craggy.'


Chapter 132

'Ah, Morgan.'
'You wanted to see me, Commander Forbes?'
'Take a seat.'
Max Morgan nervously sat. 'Am I in trouble, Sir?'
'Should you be?'
'I hope not.'
Forbes said, 'I've a little job for you, Morgan. In itself, not too much of a job, but its significance could be totally awesome.'
'Okay. What is it?'
There was a small metal case on Commander Forbes' desk. He flicked the catches open and turned it to face Morgan.
'This is a terraforma. This one device can bring life to Mars.'
Morgan understood the term terraforma. 'That little thing?'
'Size isn't everything,' said Forbes. 'Okay. I want you to take your freighter to the northern ice cap. You hold this in both hands, one here, one the other end. Then you twist it in a clockwise direction to activate it. It will glow green if it has worked. You must carefully set it onto the ice and get the hell out of there.'
'It explodes?' said Morgan, staring suspiciously at the artefact.
'Not exactly. But our understanding is it reacts very fast and it doesn't pay to get in its way.'
'Right. Take that to the north cap, twist it clockwise, it glows green, I get my ass back here.'
'Correct.'
'Sir. What if it doesn't turn green?'
Forbes shrugged. 'If that happens I guess it must be past its expiry date.' He closed the lid of the metal case down and secured the catches. 'Good luck, Captain Morgan.'
'Thank you, Sir.'
Morgan picked up the case and headed off towards his freighter.


Chapter 133

Commander Fawn Dillow became mother and loving partner again. At last inside Base Three, she had hugs and kisses for Shyne and Joel.
'I have missed you two so much. No more long hauls for me, I promise.'
'Glad to hear it,' said Joel. 'Fawn...'
'Something wrong? I can see in your face. What?'
'Commander Potts wants to see you.'
Dillow groaned. 'Now? You mean tomorrow, right?'
Joel shook his head. 'Now.'
'Okay. Shyne. Go with daddy. Mommy has something I have to do.'
'But I want you, Mommy.'
'I know, sweetie. I won't be long. I'll come and tell you a story in bed, okay?'
'Come with Daddy, sweetie,' said Joel.
Dillow didn't need this, but she headed for Potts's office. Felix Hellicoyle and Raz Berry were also there.
'Commander Dillow. Please take a seat,' said Potts.
'Sir. Couldn't this wait until the morning?'
Potts shared a look with the two geologists. 'Fawn. Your father...'
'My Dad? What's happened to my Dad?'
'To be honest, we are not sure.'
'Where the hell is my father?'
'Where is he?' Potts shrugged. 'The truth is, we are not sure of that, either. An awful lot's happened while you've been away. It's best if you just listen and let me tell you everything from the beginning.'
Dillow nodded. 'I'm listening.'
To an astounded Dillow, Potts told the entire story.
'So Dad went into that black hole thing and vanished?'
Potts said, 'He must be somewhere, Fawn, but we're not sure exactly where.'
Berry said, 'We think he got disorientated in there and went into the wrong tunnel.'
'Well, what the hell are we hanging around here for? Let's get going after him.'
'There's a dozen tunnels,' said Potts. 'We don't want to risk losing anyone else. There's something else.'
'Go on.'
'The alien told us we have to destroy the pathways.'
Dillow got up and pounded the desk with her fist. 'My father could be anywhere in the galaxy, maybe the whole damn universe, and you want to shit on him and hang him out to dry? Over my dead body you will.'
'Commander Dillow...'
'No. I won't let you do it.'
'Fawn. We want Lance back as much as you do. But this is beyond our control. You tell me. How can we get him back?'
Dillow had no ideas. 'My little girl wants me. I'm tired. I'll be back in the morning. Don't you....Anyone does anything to close that pathway thing, I swear to God...'
'That will not happen, Fawn,' said Potts. 'You have my word on that.'
Dillow glared at him. She was afraid to say more. She turned and stormed out of the office, to try to smile and tell her little girl a bedtime story.


Chapter 134

Commander of Space Security Lance Dillow had become disorientated. He had floated in the blackness, becoming one with it in his all black suit. He felt strangely at peace, but the logical part of his mind warned him he had to get out of there. Around him were the softly glowing ends of the various tunnels, three of which would lead him to the relative safety of either Mars, Mons or Phobos. The others could go anywhere, even possibly to the aliens world, where a warm friendly greeting would not be on offer. 
One tunnel seemed to draw him to it, so he floated towards it. Reaching out, he felt the reassuringly solid lip of the tunnel and pulled himself into it. Did this go to Phobos? All he knew was that if he stayed in the blackness, his consciousness would become one with it and his resolve to escape it would go. He looked out along the perfectly smooth tunnel, his helmet light illuminating the way to...?
He had no choice. He had to follow it, to go where it took him. He was a big man, and the tunnel seemed to close in on him, like a tomb. From his helmet light, the tunnel took on a yellow glow. He went on for an hour, and thirst was drying his mouth and throat. Still the tunnel stretched out ahead of him, no obvious end in sight. Another hour and he had trouble breathing as his throat became painfully dry and still nowhere near the end of his uncomfortable journey.
A strange vision from his childhood came into his mind, something of a long forgotten memory of sitting with his parents watching movies from a time long before. It was a song he remembered, and it made him smile.
'We're off to see the wizard, the wonderful wizard of Oz.' He struggled with the rest of the song. 'Follow...follow the yellow brick road.'
Yet another hour, and even his strong body was giving in. Dehydration was dragging him down. Only his iron will had gotten him this far. He looked back the way he had come. Too far, now. He would die in the tunnel going back that way. He might die in the tunnel anyway, but that was something beyond his control. He pressed on, every part of him aching from the effort of moving in the cramped conditions. After another hour, his head was swimming, and like a man drowning, he wanted to let go and let the spirits take him to hopefully a better place.
Perhaps if he rested. Just for a few minutes. To lay straight in the tunnel and let his pain racked muscles recover enough to continue. He rolled over onto his back and stretched his giant body out, feeling his muscles scream in relief. He closed his eyes and slept.


Chapter 135

Joel Leaming knew it was pointless arguing with his partner. Fawn put a whole new spin on the word stubborn. The look on her face as she suited up told him even suggesting she didn't go after her father, but to stay safely with him and their daughter, would get him nothing but an angry rebuke. He held Shyne in his arms, and they both watched her mommy get ready.
'Mommy. Stay with me, pleeeease.'
'I won't be long, sweetie. But your grandfather is missing. You want me to try to find him, don't you?'
'But if Grandy is missing, you might get missing, too.' Her grandfather had always been Grandy to Shyne.
Joel gave Fawn a the kid could be right, look. She ignored it and cupped her daughter's tearful face in her hands and kissed her.
'I'll not go far. I just want to see where he last was. Then I'll be right back here with you and Daddy.'
'Promise?'
She paused, hoping it was something she could keep her word on. 'I promise, sweetie. I have to go. People are waiting for me.'
She kissed Joel, her rock, her eyes asking him to trust her. He had always loved and trusted her. He just nodded, watching her enter the airlock of Base Three to join Berry in the buggy. The inner door closed and Joel took Shyne away, knowing his job was to comfort her, somewhere warm and secure.
* * *
Fawn Dillow followed Berry along the tunnel to the blackness.
Berry explained, 'At first we thought this was some sort of black hole, because it swallows light. But physical things, including humans, can go in and get out again.'
'And the aliens created this?'
'Yes. Go take a look. I'll hold you with the line and pull you back. Helmet radios don't work in there.'
Dillow entered the darkness. She could see the ends of all the tunnels, looking like dull yellow lights suspended in nothing. She tugged on the line and Berry pulled her back to the tunnel.
'See those lights in there? They are tunnels, like this one. One goes to the heart of Mons. Stella is in there right now, working on the alien computers. One of them goes to Phobos. A ten minutes crawl along it, gets you there.'
'Incredible. What about the others?'
'We have no idea. Fawn. All we know for sure is, he didn't come back this way, or enter Mons or end up on Phobos. He must have become disorientated, and picked the wrong tunnel. We have no idea where he could be. I am so sorry.'
'Commander Potts said we have to destroy this.'
'He's right. One of those tunnels probably leads to the aliens world. That means they could come to Mars at any time. They may be small, but they have a superior technology and they can be ruthless.'
'We can't shut this down and forget about my father.'
'Fawn. We have to face facts. We can't risk this thing being kept open for long. We have to hope Lance finds his way back before we make the decision to shut it down.'
It was a painful reality check. 'How long do we have?'
Berry sighed. 'At the moment, we don't know how to shut it down safely. Stella is trying to find that out on the alien computer. If she can do that...'
'Stella's brilliant. She'll find it.'
'That's when we have to decide.'
'I want to see Stella.'


Chapter 136

Max Morgan put the metal case on the seat next to him and took off. It was only a relatively slow flight for just over one hour to the northern cap. It wasn't a magnetic pole as on Earth, because the internal core had stopped spinning, millions of years before. Much of the water was undrinkable without intense treatment. Little was on the surface, the majority lying below the surface. It was late summer in Mars northern hemisphere, but the temperature was still one hundred below. Morgan's suit would protect him from the worst of the freezing Martian air. Relying on the suit to keep him alive, he picked up the case and went through the airlock.
Morgan walked across the frozen wasteland, ice crystals crunching beneath his boots. From the air he had seen a reasonable expanse of ice and it was towards that he carried the case.
* * *
'Fawn. What brings you here?'
'Hi, Stella. I'm looking for my father.'
'Sorry. He's not in here.'
'I know. He's gone missing.'
Stella said, 'Missing? I don't understand. I thought he was trying to find a way to close down the pathways.'
'He was. Then he vanished.'
'My God,' gasped Stella. 'I've been out of touch up here most of the time. It's impossible to get a signal from anyone in the blackness.'
'Stella. We think he got confused and took the wrong tunnel. We have no idea which one.'
'Tried Phobos?'
Fawn said, 'Yes. He's probably taken a new tunnel. He could literally be anywhere.'
'Fawn. I am so sorry.'
'Commander Potts said we have to close the pathways down. My father could be lost forever if that happens.'
Stella said, 'We have to close it down. Every minute that passes is a threat to us. Your father knew that as well as anyone.'
'I know. But we have to give him a chance. Berry told me you are trying to find a way to close the pathways down from the computer.'
Stella nodded. 'And I have.'
'No. We can't. Stella, please.'
Stella said, 'It isn't up to me. Only the commanders can make that call. But I know one way to shut it down. Look.'
Stella worked the computer and the alien appeared on the screen.
'This is Korlyn. This little guy is a hero. He gave his life to save us.'
'The commander told me most of it.'
Stella worked the computer. 'This is an English translation. Watch carefully.'
They stood together and listened to the alien. There was an image of the terraforma.
Korlyn spoke. 'When the terraforma is activated, it will close the pathways for ever. I have reprogrammed it to do that so my people may not return here.  Activating the terraforma shuts down the pathways.'
* * *
Max Morgan reached the expanse of ice and opened the metal case. He took out the artefact and held it carefully in his padded gloved hands. 'Right. Let's do this.' He held the top and bottom as he'd been shown and twisted. Nothing happened. It wouldn't budge. 'Come on, you damned thing. Open.'
A final effort and something gave. It turned green. He carefully placed the beautiful artefact on the ice. 'Go do your thing.'
He picked up the empty case and returned to the freighter. As he sat down, the radio started.
'Morgan. This is Commander Potts. Do not activate the terraforma.'
'Come again, Sir?'
'I repeat. Do not activate the terraforma.'
'Sir. You called me about two minutes too late.'


Chapter 137  

The deep resonating rumble woke Lance Dillow up. It took a moment to realise where he was and what was happening. As he lay on his back, his helmet light revealed a wide crack opening up above him. Small chunks of rock were dropping on his visor. If he were to survive, he had to get out of there fast.
He scrambled onwards, ignoring the wild shaking, clambering over the larger slabs of rock desperately trying to get to the end of the tunnel which was still nowhere in sight. The shaking became more violent. 
'Move your ass, Dillow.'
On he went, the tunnel breaking up in front and behind him. A large piece landed on the back of his leg making him yell out in pain, but it didn't slow him down. And suddenly there it was, the end of the tunnel. He hurled himself out of it as the whole tunnel disintegrated behind him.
Dillow found himself falling and rolling down a steep slope, scattering rocks and dirt along with him. The slope ended and he was falling. He fell ten yards and landed face down on a narrow ledge, the visor of the helmet smashing to pieces.


Chapter 138

'Did the Earth move for you?' said Cragg.
'No,' said Misty. 'But Mars damn well did. Get off me, you big lump.'
'That's not what you said half an hour ago. Listen. It's stopped.'
'A quake?'
Cragg said, 'You know better than that. Mars has no tectonic plates. Only volcanoes. Oh, shit. Mons?'
They dressed in a hurry. Outside their rooms, they could see many others were also wondering what was going on. They were all staring up at the huge roof of Base Three. For that to break would be a deadly disaster.
Cragg saw Forbes and Potts, also staring up at the roof.
'Is Mons erupting?' he asked them.
'The terraforma destroyed the pathways,' said Forbes.
Everyone had been kept up to date with what was happening. They were not aware of the decision being made to activate the terraforma, though.
Misty said, 'You set the bloody thing off? With no warning.'
Potts said, 'We wanted to surprise everyone.'
'No shit,' said Cragg. 'Guess bloody what? You surprised us.'
Forbes said, 'Craggy. We tried to stop it. We were too late. But activating the terraforma destroyed the pathways. We only found that was going to happen minutes before Morgan activated it.'
Joel had Shyne in his arms, and the little girl was holding a doll.
'You idiots,' snapped Joel. 'Fawn was in that. If anything has happened to her...'
'God,' said Potts. 'We had no idea.'
Cragg said, 'No point arguing about this. We need to get out there and find Fawn.'
Joel said, 'Misty. Will you take care of Shyne for me please?'
'Of course,' said Misty. 'Come to aunty Misty, Shyne.'
'I want mommy.'
Cragg gave a burning look at Forbes and Potts and said, 'And your Uncle Craggy is going out to get your mommy back.'
'Promise, Uncle Craggy?'
'If it's the last thing I do.' With a hard look at the commanders, he growled, 'Don't just stand there, you dummies. Get a search party organised.'
'We're onto it,' said Forbes, grabbing Potts by the arm and pulling him away from Cragg's animosity.


Chapter 139

Strong hands pulled Lance Dillow over on his back. He moaned with pain and looked up through a hole in his visor at a blue sky. With his helmet ruined, why wasn't he dead?
'Anything broken?' a voice asked.
Dillow tried to move. 'Just banged up, I think. You speak English?'
'I am English. This isn't England, though.'
'Which planet am I on?'
The face of the young man looked puzzled. 'Earth, of course. Didn't you know?'
'No.' He looked up the slope and could see a large fragment of the tunnel, everything else covered in rubble. He wasn't going back to Mars that way.
'Can you stand? I don't fancy trying to carry a big bloke like you.'
Dillow grasped the hand that helped pull him to his feet and the pain to his leg shot through his whole body, but it wasn't broken. 'Thanks. Who are you?'
'Dave Foreman. You need looking at. Follow me. Oh. You can take off your helmet. You don't need one now.'
Dillow did that and felt a gentle breeze on his face. 'Where are we going?'
'To the commune. It isn't far. Come on.'
There was a well worn path down the rest of the mountain, and it snaked through dense undergrowth. Dillow limped behind Foreman and they soon came to a collection of buildings in a clearing, built to blend into the surroundings.
'Not much, but we call it home.'
Foreman took Dillow to the largest building on the site. Several people of different colours, nationalities and ages were coming and going, busy with things to do. Some stopped and stared at the man in the space suit. Most smiled at him but didn't linger to talk.
'He'll be in here, I expect,' said Foreman.
The first thing that hit Dillow was the strong animal smell. There were cages of various sizes covering most of the place, floor to ceiling. Dillow was startled by a large chimpanzee suddenly appearing.
'Ooh! Hello, hello, hello,' said the chimp.
Foreman said, 'Hi, Mango. This man is a friend.'
'Friend, Mango.' Mango offered a hand to shake and Dillow shook it.
'Hello, Mango. A GenMop?'
'Ooh. GenMop.'
'Nice to meet you, Mango. I am Dillow.'
'Dillow. Ooh. Dillow.'
'Where's the Boss, Mango?' Foreman asked.
A voice from above called out, 'I'm up here. I'm coming down.'
'You be careful, Dad,' said Foreman.
'Got it,' said Dillow. 'Andrew Foreman.'
'Guilty as charged,' said Foreman senior.
Dave said, 'Dad. You shouldn't be climbing up there like that.'
Foreman rolled his eyes to the ceiling. 'My son thinks I'm a dried up old fossil who would crumble if I fell over.'
'Dad. Dillow is hurt. He fell out of the cave.'
'He came out of the cave?'
'I was on duty up the watchtower when it happened.'
Dillow could feel his leg seizing up. 'I'm from Mars. Mr Foreman. I don't wish to be rude, but if I don't get a drink of water soon...' As if to emphasise that, Dillow started to buckle and Dave caught him. Dillow's mind blanked out and he awoke on a comfortable bed in a room smelling of medical chemicals and his suit had gone. Foreman was sitting by his side.
'Feeling better?'
'Not a lot.' There was a pitcher of water on a crude cabinet by the side of the bed and Dillow drank a pint straight off. 'Thanks for helping me.'
'You're most welcome.'
The door opened and Mango walked in holding a banana which he gave to Dillow.
'You are honoured indeed,' said Foreman. 'Normally he just takes banana's, not hand them out.'
'Thanks, Mango. Jeez. It must have been forty years since I ate one of these.'
'Enjoy. Why are you here? Not that you aren't most welcome.'
'Pure accident. I got lost in the blackness. Took the wrong tunnel and ended up here.'
'No going back that way. The last one through there was Korlyn Num Serdinda. A real nice guy.'
'You met him?'
'Of course. How is he?'
'Dead. Sorry.'
Foreman looked both stunned and sad. 'Oh. My little pal. Lousy poker player, but such a neat guy. They killed him?'
'You mean his own kind? Yes.'
'Bastards. He said they might. Ah. David. Some food for our guest.'
'Just eggs and some fruit and custard.'
'That will save my life. Hmm. These eggs are so good. This place. I don't understand?'
'I'll leave you to let Dad tell you all about it,' said Dave. 'I'll find you some clothes. Can't guarantee a good fit.'
Dave went away and Foreman senior told him the story.
'Korlyn was what you would call a scientist, an academic. Not a malicious bone in his body. He was one of the inventors and developers of all that stuff you've seen.'
'You saw it?'
'No. Just what he told me. When his cohorts arrived there that was it. He didn't tell them about us and the tunnel here. If he'd told them about us they would have come here to finish us off. He managed to fool them into thinking this was a radioactive wasteland.'
'We all thought it was.'
'Ninety percent of the planet is. We gathered the handfuls of survivors and came here. Korlyn had been watching us when he was on his own. He could see we were living in peace even though we were all different nationalities. He made the tunnel here and just walked into the camp.'
'That was a gutsy thing to do,' said Dillow.
'He was an amazing character. Mango loved him to bits. Probably because they were the same size. Jeez, I'll miss him. Anyway, he said he would do all he could to keep us a secret. He said he had a way to terraform Mars. They planned to do that for their own kind, but he was stalling them. He was the only one who knew how everything worked.'
'He paid the ultimate price doing that. But this place. The animals?'
'Korlyn was fascinated by our wildlife, what little was left. He said, once Mars was a green planet, we could bring all our creatures there to populate the place and help keep it healthy. Obviously, it didn't quite happen.'
'Sorry. Hey. Do you have a radio, capable of reaching Mars?'   


Chapter 140

Mars had settled back down after being shaken up. A couple of hundred suited people gathered outside nervously looking up at Mons. Cragg was with Joel.
'Mons seems stable again,' said Cragg.
Joel said, 'Look at the mine, Craggy. It has collapsed. Fawn was in there searching for Lance.'
'So was Berry,' said Hellicoyle.
'No, Felix. I got out when I heard the explosion. I only just made it. I'm having to walk back to Base.'
Hellicoyle said, 'Thank God. That doesn't look good for Fawn. but it doesn't mean all the mine has collapsed. She could be just trapped inside. We'll get dozers digging her out.'
'Hey. Can anyone hear me?'
Cragg had heard the open frequency call in his helmet. 'Stella?'
'That you, Craggy?'
'You bet it is. Stella. We've lost Fawn Dillow.'
'I'm here Craggy. Joel?'
'Here, Fawn.'
'Joel. We are trapped in here, but we're safe for now, I think.'
Joel said, 'The pathways have gone. Morgan activated the terrorforma. It destroyed the Pathways.'
'So how the hell do we get out of here?'
Cragg said, 'Fawn. I'll dig you out with my teeth if I have to. Just keep calm and we'll find a way.' A freighter landed near by. 'Morgan's just come back.'
Stella said, 'It wasn't his fault, Craggy. Don't have a go at him.'
'I know it wasn't his fault. Commander Forbes? Pottsy? You getting this?'
'Onto it, Craggy,' said Potts. 'We'll get them out of there.'
'Good. See that you do.'
But as the plans were made to save the two women from the inside of Mons, the biggest mountain in the solar system, it shook violently.       


Chapter 141

'Jeez,' said Stella, having been thrown heavily to the floor. 'Fawn?'
'I'm okay. Sort of. Is this volcano going off?'
'It'll be one hell of a way to go if it is. What the hell is going in here?'
The truth of the dome was showing itself. The terraforma built by Korlyn Num Serdinda was doing more than turning the red planet green and destroying the pathways. The later modifications Serdinda made before hiding the artefact, revealed what the dome had really been. 
The smooth walls morphed into the interstellar ship it had always been. The floor beneath them seemed to melt away, the end of the tunnel going with it. The shaking was too violent to dare to stand up. Previously concealed instrumentation materialised out of the walls, the ceiling and even the floor. Four small seats with securing arms appeared from out of the floor, too small to offer safety to the two human women.
Most of those outside had been thrown to the ground. They stared up at Mons, waiting for the impossible; the long dead volcano was about to blow its stack, taking them all with it. Huge pieces of Mons at the peak cracked and broke away, falling down the side of the huge mountain, crashing into the red iron oxide sand, sending vast clouds of dust into the air.
As the dust settled a little, they could see the alien ship lift off slowly and hover above the wrecked mountain top. Nobody moved, such was the shock of what they were seeing. Then they heard Stella.
'I think we're in trouble, people. I can't control this. Craggy?'
'Here.'
'Craggy. There's some kind of counter on the computer screen. I don't like the look of it.'
Fawn Dillow came on next. 'Craggy. This damn ship is about to take off. I'd rather not be on here when it does.'
'I hear you, Fawn. Morgan. You hear that?'
Morgan's heavy breathing came back at him. 'I'm heading back to the ship.'
'I'm right behind you, Max. Leave the airlock open and fire up.'
For a senior pilot, Craggy found an impressive turn of foot. The way he dived through the hatch three seconds before Max Morgan took off would have warranted a round of applause had anyone seen it.
Cragg buckled himself into the copilots seat as Morgan got them in the air. His mind was working faster than a freighter at full speed.
'Rocky Ramshorn. Get your ass out of bed.'
'Craggy? What's going on?'
'Impress me by getting a ship airborne inside of five minutes.'
'Big Bird?'
Cragg said, 'No. Lance Dillow's ship. The Eye. Wendy Breeze?'
'Here, Craggy.'
'You're now Rocky's wing man. And I don't mean tomorrow. Stella. Fawn. Don't you two go joy riding. We are right behind you.' 
Forbes came on. 'Craggy?'
'Not now, Kinda busy.'
'Just wanted to wish you good luck.'
'Yeah?' said, Cragg. 'We'll need it.'
Wendy Breeze beat Rocky Ramshorn to the black ship by fifteen seconds. As a qualified pilot in her own right, she had her hands flying over the controls to fire things up. Like the freighters, it had upgraded twin plasma thrusters and the latest sensor controls.
Breeze said, 'I never realised how damn uncomfortable these suits were with nothing underneath.'
'Tell me about it. Can you believe all this?'
'You mean I'm not dreaming this?'
'Only if you dream about flying the cosmos with me.'
There was a slight sensation of movement as the ship lifted off.
'Amethyst would scratch my eyes out, if I did.'
Cragg's voice came over the ships radio. 'Breezy. The ships on the move. We're right behind it.'
'Craggy. Can we keep up with that ship?'
'Don't scare me, Breezy. These aliens are well ahead of us in many ways. Stella. Fawn. Are you okay?'
Stella said, 'We were until you reminded us how clever those little buggers are.'
'Sorry. Me and my big mouth. Stella. This is where your brilliance really needs to shine. You try to get a handle on those computers.'  
Stella said, 'Craggy. Those countdown things on the screen? Just vanished.'
Morgan said, 'Jeez. Look at that thing go. That is not a slow ship.' 


Chapter 142

Lance Dillow said, 'You have no idea what it's like to walk outside without a suit.'
Foreman said, 'Yes. I guess it must have been tough.'
'Jeez. My big mouth. You were going through hell and I'm moaning about having to wear a suit. Sorry.'
It seemed somehow natural to be walking hand in hand with a chimp. Mango was holding his hand and eating an apple as he stared up at the big man in ill fitting borrowed clothes.
'We all had it tough just to survive.'
Dillow sighed. 'To be honest, we didn't think anyone was still alive down here.'
'That was the plan. Korlyn told us to lay low, because if his kind knew we had survived, they'd be down here to finish the job.'
Dillow said, 'What is it with those jokers? No room in the universe for anyone else?'
Foreman chuckled. 'I can't imagine where they got the idea from, but they got the strange notion we are a little warlike. I mean, where did that come from, I wonder?'
'They saw us as a threat.'
'Too primitive and out of control. They would never have put up with the risk. So, no radio contact. Just do what we had to do, biding our time.'
'Biding your time to do what?'
Foreman opened the door to the huge main building. 'To take this lot to the new terraformed Mars.'
Dillow only limped slightly as he followed Foreman on the guided tour. 'Five GenMops. The other four come and go in the jungle. Mango mostly likes to hang around here.'
'Mango,' said Mango.
'GenMops love to hear their own names. We collected anything we could find. Hardly a dent in what we should have, but better than nothing.'
'Rabbits. Useful.'
'Lost count of those randy buggers. A couple of cats. A few dogs to chase the cats. Three species of butterfly. Seventeen goats. Good for milk and meat. The cheese is an acquired taste.'
'I've forgotten what cheese tastes like.'
'We did all we could. The uncontaminated land is not much. But. This is what we are really proud of. Come and see.'
Foreman opened a back room door. It was dark and cool in there. There were hundreds of small carefully labelled boxes.
'The seed bank. Nuts, fruit, flowers, wheat, vegetables. But this is really cool.'
In a temperature controlled double cupboard were hundreds of eggs. 'We have an aviary at the back with a variety of birds. We incubate the eggs in here and release them back as adult birds to produce a viable stock. Good or what?'
'Pretty damn good, Andy. But people. How many do you have?'
'Two hundred and seventy three, not including the fifteen unborn. We think there may be others here and there. That's speculation. This would be the largest settlement either way.'
'You have radio?'
'Yes. But we dare not use it. This is too precious to risk.' He looked at Dillow. 'When you left Mars, what was happening?'
Dillow sighed. 'I can't say it was good. Korlyn left us instructions to destroy the pathways to prevent his kind getting to Mars that way. I was in the blackness trying to find out how to do that, when I ended up in the wrong tunnel.'
'And that tunnel was destroyed,' said Foreman. 'I see three possibilities. It happened by accident or one of our kind found out how and did it, or the aliens invaded Mars and found out about us and destroyed the Earth tunnel to cut us off. Still want to risk calling Mars?'


Chapter 143

Stella and Fawn were fighting the ship's computers. Not much was responding.
'Come on, damn it,' cursed Dillow. 'This is a ship. Ships want to be flown.'
Stella said, 'Sounds like something Craggy would say. Craggy? You still around?'
'We're here, Stella. Flat out, though. Rocky?'
'On your tail.'
'Oh, God,' said Stella. 'Craggy. The damn computers counting down again.'
Cragg said, 'It must be about to speed up again. We can't go faster.'
'Craggy!'
'I'm thinking.'
Dillow said, 'Think faster.'
'Rocky. You got a laser canon on that bird, yes?'
Wendy Breeze pointed at a bank of sensors.
'Yes,' said Rocky.
'Get in behind their ship, and be quick about it.'
Breeze said, 'Closing in. We've no speed left.'
'Okay. Put a low power shot between the thrusters.'
'You want me to shoot them down?' Rocky gasped.
'I need you to take out their thrusters.'
'But...'
Stella yelled, 'Craggy. The screens gone blank again.'
'Rocky!' shouted Cragg.
'Jeez. Firing now.'
There was a blast from the alien ship's twin thrusters and a burst of speed, but the laser canon put a direct shot right between the thrusters. The ship blasted away, then far in the distance, they could see a flash of an explosion.
'Dillow?' Cragg bellowed. He got no reply.
'Craggy. Please don't tell me I've...'
'Not on my watch, Rocky. We need to get to them.'
Reaching the alien ship didn't take long, because it was dead in the heavens.
'Dillow?'
'You call that a plan, Craggy?'
Cragg burst out laughing with relief. 'It slowed you girls down, didn't it?'
Breeze asked, 'are you two okay?'
'A bit of a headache,' said Dillow, 'but I'll live.'
'Nice shooting, cowboy,' said Cragg.
'That was scary,' said Rocky.
Cragg said, 'You'll get over it. Now any volunteers for a spot of space walking? We gotta get some lines on that bird, and I'm getting too bloody old for that crap.'
'On my way,' said Morgan.
'I'll meet you there,' said Rocky.
It took an hour to fix a whole swag of line to the dead ship. The young pilots returned to their own ships.
'Okay,' said Cragg. 'A nice one quarter power ride home. Let me know when we get there. I'm off for a sleep.'        
As they closed in on Mars, Dillow put a call out to Commander Potts. 'We've a bit of a problem,' said Dillow. 'We have no power on the alien ship.'
'Right. I'm just glad you are all alive. What's the issue with the ship?'
'Rocky shot it.'
'He what?'
'It was Craggy's idea.'
'Why am I not surprised? Why did you shoot it?'
'Because,' said Rocky, 'It was a millisecond from shooting off into space, lost forever. It was the only way to stop them.'
Potts sighed. 'Right. We would really like to strip that ship down and learn from it.'
Dillow said, 'Can you hear me, Commander Potts?'
'Only just.'
'Okay. We can transfer over to one of the other ships, but that doesn't get this ship landed.'
'I can only suggest we put it in orbit and figure out how to bring it home later.'
'We'll do that. Commander. My father. Has he...?'
'Sorry, Fawn. No word from him. You know the pathways have been destroyed?'
'When this ship took off?'
'Yes. That terraforma was opened by Max Morgan, as he was requested. It set off some kind of chain of events. The pathways ending and that ship taking off.'   
There was a subdued silence, and Potts imagined Dillow struggling with her emotions. He offered hope.
'Just because we haven't heard from him, doesn't mean he's come to any harm.'
'Maybe not. But with the pathways gone, how could we get him home?'
'I...I've no answer for you, Fawn. Just don't give up hope. I haven't.'
'Thank you, Commander. I'll talk it over with Craggy about putting this ship in a safe orbit.'
'Okay. See you soon. Good luck.'


Chapter 144

Lance Dillow felt comfortable in the borrowed clothes, some of which actually fitted. Andrew Foreman suggested he address the community to update them of developments on Mars. They congregated in the courtyard to accommodate everyone. With his bruised leg making it uncomfortable to stand for too long, he sat on a rustic porch bench. Mango the GenMop sat by his side, having taken to the big guy. 
After the meeting had been formerly opened by Foreman, he left the proceedings to Dillow.
'Hi, everyone. First I'd like to say a huge thank you for welcoming me into your world. I'd also like to say how blown away I am at what you've achieved here. With all the fighting that's been going on here, you probably don't know what has been happening on Mars. It was always the attention to make Mars the next home for mankind. To that aim, everyone on Moon has been relocated. Everyone contributes in whatever way they can and we have a very happy and stable growing world.'
'Room for any more?' said a man.
It was to the point and reflected what the others were thinking.
'I don't see why not,' said Dillow. 'You and what you could bring with you would be most welcome. Of that I'm certain. But...'
'There's always a but,' said a woman.
'Well, the situation is this. I ended up here purely accidentally, through the tunnels made by our alien friend, Korlyn, who, you may or may not be aware of, was murdered by his own kind.'
There was a collective groan of sadness, for the brave and popular alien scientist.
'I was called in to determine cause of death in my role as space security commander. The autopsy revealed Korlyn had met a very unpleasant and painful end. That says a lot about his own kind, I think. Korlyn advised us to destroy the pathways and this was to block out one way his kind could make their way to Mars. I was in what we called the blackness, from which the tunnels emanated. I became disorientated, accidentally choosing the tunnel that brought me here. I have no idea what happened to destroy the tunnel. I'm sorry about that.'
Andrew Foreman said, 'It wasn't your fault, Lance.'
'Thanks. But it of course means that way to Mars is no longer available to us.'
'What about ships?' David Foreman asked. 'Surely that's possible?'
Foreman senior took that one. 'David. We have no way of knowing what the situation is on Mars. For all we know, the aliens have already returned. Radioing Mars could be the worst thing we could do.'
'You don't know that for sure,' said a man.
'True,' admitted Foreman. 'But can we risk it?'
'Dad,' said David. 'This isn't something just for a few to decide.'
'That's one of the reasons we are having this meeting,' said Foreman. 'So we all know the situation, the risks, and to decide what to do. I suggest you carry on with your work, but also discuss amongst yourselves what you want us to do. Any questions?'
There were none and the meeting broke up.


Chapter 145

Cragg yawned and stretched. 'Are we there yet?'
'Just about,' said Max Morgan. 'The commanders want us to put the ship into orbit until we figure a way to get it on the ground.'
Cragg nodded. 'I agree with that. We need to get Fawn and Stella over here. Stella? You there?'
'Where else would I be?'
'Right. Get suited up to come over here. We need you two to undo the lines so we can put it in orbit. You have both space walked?'
'I'm strictly a girl who keeps both feet on the ground,' said Stella.
'Twice,' said Dillow. 'I'll take care of you, Stella. How much further to go before we put the ship into orbit?'
Morgan said, 'We just need to go below the moons and set the ship free.'
Cragg said, 'We need to leave a little momentum with the ship so it keeps moving. We can attach small thrusters later to keep it in orbit. This could be tricky. We need to slow right down and cut the lines so it keeps going.'
'This should do it,' said Morgan.
'One tenth power,' said Cragg. 'Okay, you two. Fawn. You take charge and look after Stella. Check the safety lines and come out when you're both ready.'
'We still have a little internal power. I'm trying the airlock now. I think this is the sensor to open it. Nothings happening.'
'Let me have a go,' said Stella. 'Come on, damn it. The inner door is opening. Shit. It's stuck.'
'Try a little brute strength,' said Dillow. 'Try the sensor as I pull.'
'Okay.'
'Give, you piece of shit. Come on.'
'Together. Ready, pull.'
'That's enough. We can get through that gap. We're in the airlock, Craggy.'
'Dillow. The outer hatch won't open if the inner one isn't shut. It may be an alien ship, but that's a basic concept. Can you shut the inner door?'
'We'll try. Not a lot to get a hold of,' said Dillow, the frustration sounding in her voice. 'Come on, damn it.'
'It's moving. Again,' said Stella. 'Push. Again. Yes. We did it.'
Cragg said, 'Any safety line in there?'
'Yes. Just the one,' said Dillow.
'One,' said Cragg. 'Not something they'd normally use, by the sound of it. Okay. Dillow. Wrap some of it around Stella and then tie the end around your belt.'
'Got that. We are going to try the outer hatch door.'
'Kick the damn thing down if you have to, just get out of there and over to the lines.'
The outer airlock hatch had the same problems as the inner door, but with much effort and swearing, it opened just enough. Dillow and Stella floated out into space. Morgan and Ramshorn had cut the engines, so as not to fry the two women. Dillow and Stella pulled themselves towards the front of the ship and the web of lines holding the ships together. Between them they undid the lines. They were down to the last two.
'Leave those, undone but looped to the ship,' said Cragg. 'We need a couple to put the ship into orbit. Come over to this ship and let the lines go from out the airlock when we tell you.'
'Got that,' said Dillow. 'Oh, my God.'
'Now what?' Cragg dared to ask.
'Taken a look at Mars, lately? Not as red as it used to be.'
'We see it,' said Cragg, excitedly. 'The northern cap. That is a very nice sight.'
Stella said, 'It's like...fifty shades of green.'
'Just crude algae to start with,' said Cragg. 'And is that what I think it is, or am I dreaming?'
'That's flowing water,' said Rocky. 'Anybody wanna go swimming?'
'Time to go down,' said Cragg. 'Will you two quit daydreaming and get in the damn airlock?'
With Stella and Dillow in the air lock, Morgan blipped the thrusters, just enough to put some momentum in the dead alien vessel. Dillow let the lines go and the ship was in its own orbit around Mars, the not quite Red Planet, between the two tiny moons and home. The thrusters fired up at one tenth power and another adventure was over. Or so they thought.


Chapter 146

Potts and Forbes were just inside Base Three, obviously waiting for Cragg and his young team. They were also grinning from ear to ear.
'Okay,' said Forbes. 'Now you lot have had a bit of rest...'
'Are you kidding me?' snapped Cragg.
Forbes ignored Cragg's outburst. 'Fawn. We have a job for you. Fancy a trip to Earth?'
'Earth?'
'Big blue planet, a few million miles away. Seems your father decided on a vacation there, but he needs a ride back. I just thought...'
He was silenced by the spontaneous kiss from Fawn Dillow.
'He's alive?'
'Your dad and a few hundred others. Big Bird is being prepared with every spare suit we got, plus supplies. You have one hour to freshen up and grab a bite to eat. Ramshorn. Morgan. You two are riding shotgun.'
'What about me?' asked Cragg. 'Can I help?'
'Sure,' said Potts. 'Give them your spare suit to take with them. We need as many as we can get.'
A woman approaching them told Cragg how things were going to be. Misty said, 'Dixon Cragg. Go get that suit off. You have just flown your last flight. From now on, you leave that game to the kids.'
'You heard the lady,' said Fawn Dillow. She kissed his whiskery cheek. 'Thanks for everything, Craggy. Go and enjoy a well earned retirement.'


Chapter 147
 
One (Mars) year later.
The planet was well under development. The population was growing at a challenging rate and it seemed at least half the women of childbearing age were in various states of pregnancy. The whole of Base Three had been turned into an ecosystem, with more plants and creatures than could be counted. Only two people lived in Base Three permanently, Andrew and David Foreman. All others were welcome to visit in small numbers. Cragg and Misty were on the observation platform. Outside, they could see the young trees and foliage that were trading oxygen for carbon dioxide. 
Rivers and streams were filling the canyons and craters were becoming vast lakes. The temperatures were still too low for much else to survive out there, but that day would not be too far off, with the increasing atmosphere starting to hold the heat at last. One day soon, birds and butterflies would be calling it home.   
'Another year and we can breath without helmets out there,' said Misty.
'They said that six months ago,' said Craggy as he wiped bird poop off his shoulder. 'Still not sure about so many birds in here.'
From an overhanging branch, something hairy landed next to him.
'Oooh, Craggy.'
'Hi, Mango. Do you ever stop eating?'
'Banana.'
Misty said, 'I heard Molly is pregnant again. Going to be a daddy again, hey Mango?'
'Oooh! Daddy Mango. Bye.'
Mango took off into the trees to be with his growing family.
'We have to go,' said Misty. 'Max and Carlotte are bringing Astral over for us to baby sit.'
'Great,' said Craggy. 'Baby vomit on my shoulder as well as bird poop.'
'You love it, you old goat.'
As they walked along the old path that now divided the wild jungle on either side, they paused at the monument. Cragg could never pass it without reading the marsillium plaque. 
This monument is dedicated to Korlyn Num Serdinda. A true hero who made all this possible.
'Thank you, Korlyn. May your god bless you.'
They made their way home to baby sit again. Life on Mars was good.

The End.


