
THE TATTERED THREAD
when all hope is lost,
murder may be your only option
By B. A. Braxton
Copyright 2003 Barbara A. Emonds
All Rights Reserved
Smashwords Edition
.
In loving memory
of Carrie Viola Pierce
TABLE OF CONTENTS

CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER NINETEEN
CHAPTER TWENTY
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
CHAPTER THIRTY
CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO
CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE
CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR
CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE
CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX
CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN
CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT
CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE
CHAPTER FORTY
CHAPTER FORTY-ONE
CHAPTER FORTY-TWO
CHAPTER FORTY-THREE
CHAPTER ONE
Elaine Kostas was intent on pressing the perfect crease down the length of her domestics trousers, when an explosion rocked all ninety-five rooms of the Kastenmeier manor house. A couple of books tumbled down from a shelf as the lights flickered. Rattling windows preceded the impending calm, which echoed through the room like hushed whispers against a hollow and most unforgiving heart. The shrill blaring of smoke detectors only added to the onslaught of anxious uncertainty. After unplugging the iron, Elaine went over to the chamber door and opened it, fearful even to peer out into the hallway. Cameron Dmytryk stepped from the mens quarters at about the same time.
What in the world was that? Elaine asked as he pulled a white tee shirt on over his head and then coaxed the cotton cloth down with his hands.
Somebody has finally done the boss in, he said, his deep voice surprisingly tranquil. Afterward, he tried to reassure her with a smile as he added, Dont worry. Its probably just the furnace. As Cameron trotted off toward the commotion, he had to step around Tasia McAvoy as she came rushing up the stairs.
What in Gods name is going on? Elaine asked her. Did the furnace blow? Please dont tell me it was Silas. Lord knows hes much too sick to be working on any science experiments at this late hour.
Tasia stopped at the door, her chest rising and receding as if shed just run from one end of the forty-five thousand square-foot lodging to the other. As she stared up at the coves in the ceiling, a red, swollen spot on her cheek stood out against her pearly skin. Curiously, the blonde hair on her head resembled a lions mane, but the effect only seemed to enhance her unabated good looks. In a breathless voice, she said, Carls been hurt.
Oh, my God! What happened to him?
Tasia entered the servants quarters and then grabbed a suitcase from the closet. She went to her dresser, threw open the top drawer, and then started packing some of her clothes. White gauze was still wrapped tight around her left wrist, a reminder of days not so long ago which had been just as disturbing as this one. Despite a nasty scar from the base of her right thumb to the middle half of her lower arm, she favored her right hand; the left had been injured beyond repair.
Where are you going? Elaine asked her.
Im gettin the hell outta here. Tasia paused, turning around with a black satin chemise in her hand. Carls dyin and Ill be damned if Im gonna be here when the police come a-calling, she said, her light blue eyes slicing the bare-bulb lighting like a razor blade. After putting the undergarment inside the suitcase, she then picked up several blouses. She sniffled, but there were no sign of tears.
Have you called for an ambulance?
Instead of answering, Tasia just rubbed her wet nose and kept on packing.
Does Mrs. Kastenmeier know whats going on?
Lo-o-ois? Tasia said, emphasizing that long o with an easy, east Texas drawl. The southern inflection in her speech could best be heard whenever she was agitated, excited or upset. This house is her whole life, Elaine. She always knows whats goin on in here. Well, she isnt the only one. That damn threads not sittin right with somebody, but even you know that much. Tasia grabbed a beige overnight bag hanging from one of the bedposts and then concentrated on collecting some of her things from the top of the bureau. A speedball is exactly what I need right now. She paused. And Im quite sure Carl could use one, too.
Off in the family room, the longcase clock started chiming three quarters of a verse from taps. Reconstructing the chime mechanism had been Silass idea: such a fertile mind for a boy of only seven. Too bad hed fallen so ill, and now his father was dead or close to it. The news would devastate him.
Elaine watched as Tasia worked; she was wearing a short, red dress and maroon lipstick. The white wall gave her foreground image an almost angelic glow, but Tasia was no angel. She was a beautiful girl with a passion for make-up, especially mascara. Perhaps it was her high voice and her svelte, size-two figure which made her seem much younger than nineteen. Or perhaps it was her passivity, allowing others to take advantage of her almost daily. The illusion of youth seemed to be the only thing in her life over which she had any control.
As Tasia stuffed more clothes inside of a suitcase, her black beeper rested beside it; if the boss was dying, she sure wouldnt have a need for that anymore. By now, the gauze around her left wrist was streaked with blood. While holding a purse open, She used her left arm to sweep the cosmetics resting on her nightstand into it. She flinched, perhaps reminding herself that the wrist was still in no condition to be taken so lightly. As she cradled her left arm with a right one also marred by multiple hesitation marks, she watched a maroon lipstick tube teeter on the edge of the stand and then fall to the floor, barely making a sound against the coral and gray carpeting.
Im going downstairs, Elaine said.
Tasia looked up as if shed just been slapped in the face. Funny, but for a fleeting moment she actually looked her age.
CHAPTER TWO
Elaine left the room and then walked off down the hall. The servants bedrooms had been built above the Kastenmeiers six-car garage, which afforded all of their employees easy access into the kitchen, pantry, and basement areas. Descending the stairs cautiously, Elaine peeked over into the kitchen; the lights were on, but no one was there. Woolen druggets cushioned her steps, silencing her approach. Tasias tall, white chefs hat was in its usual place in the far corner. Leaving the dining room, Elaine breezed past the rotund, high-vaulted foyer and then went into the family room. Hearing the discharge of a fire extinguisher made her feel anxious again; fires must have still been resulting from the blast. Someone had disarmed the smoke alarms, but it was unnerving to realize that the danger wasnt over.
Somebody had left the television and VCR on in the room, even though the movie had been stopped. A cigarette butt was in a crystal ash tray next to the pastel orange chaise longue, and an unfinished drink, perhaps Tasias usual sangra, had been left on the marble-topped coffee table. An orange, brown, and black glazed cotton cover lay against several matching silk cushions. Lois Kastenmeier wouldve fainted to see her finery so close to beverages and cigarette ash. Some banana bread was on a plate on the floor.
Glancing over at the wet bar, Elaine discovered where Tasias drink had been mixed. Nothing was out of the ordinary, except that there was a second glass on the counter and it was empty. Streaking the far wall and darkening a good deal of the carpeting beside the bar was a liquid reeking of wine and brandy. A slice of lemon and an apple wedge were lying close by. Drafts coming from unknown places lifted the bangs from Elaines forehead and chilled her arms, peppering her skin with goose flesh; a brown velvet portiere had been left open.
Displayed above the mantle was a life-sized portrait of Lois and Silas. Lois was sitting on a glorious Rococo Revival chair with a carved floral crest of gilded wood and curved legs. It was upholstered with a glistening, deep maroon fabric. The lady of the houses good looks had not only been enhanced by the artists able hand, but also by a most stunning shade of chestnut hair coloring, and the assistance, no doubt, of one of the best plastic surgeons money could buy.
Even the youthful sparkle in Loiss blue eyes couldnt mask the approach of middle age. The artist surrendered to times hand as well; he reproduced her chin nobly, but doubled it ever so slightly. She presented herself like a queen sitting on that antique masterpiece with a chinchilla wrap covering her shoulders. Silas was on the floor at her feet, holding a stereoscopic viewer while dozens of three-dimensional, storytelling cards were at his knees. He couldnt have been much older than three and already he looked sad.
The tick-tick of the longcase clock pendulum drew her attention. It was a nineteenth century, French inspired, towering walnut wonder, and it stood at least eight feet high and two feet wide. Silas loved tinkering with it. Rubbing her arms to warm them, Elaine finally mustered the courage to move on.
Katerina Waltkes desk was as neat as always in the office reception room. Katerina was Carls personal secretary. A computer, ink-jet printer, and dictating machine were on a table beside her desk. Posted notes on a bulletin board were hanging on the wall behind her chair. Several telephone lines, a typewriter, office files, a calculator, and adding and copy machines were all handy. The low, steady hum of a Bernoulli drive could be heard.
When Elaine reached the door to Carls office, it was open. His usual Corona cigar was smoldering on an intricately carved ash receiver resting on a mahogany, flat-top desk. Blue smoke rising from it stirred the air with a most aromatic blend of the best Cuban tobacco leaves in the world. Only about a third of the cigar was gone. A bottle of cognac was also on the desk, a three-star Napoleon waiting to be opened at his leisure. His favorite photograph of Tasia sitting beside him on a courtyard bench in happier days was in its usual place on a shelf behind his desk, as was a portrait of his son Silas in a silver frame. Loiss likeness was nowhere to be seen.
Beyond the desk, the door to the smoking room stood open; it was a handsome, wood-paneled room with hardwood floors and art-glass windows. Carls favorite curios littered the walls and every nook and cranny of his private space, and his pub sofa was right in the center of the room. A mahogany humidor was on a small end table.
Polo pictures had been knocked off the wall behind the desk, and there was a dent in the wainscoting. The glass in the frame was shattered, as if the picture had been hit with great force. Fragments of glass made the brown floor sparkle, especially where the desk chair had been yanked away from where it should have been. One of the black leather armrests was gouged. About twenty-five vinyl badge holders were in a box on a table close to the desk with name cards in them. Two black-soled skid marks stretched a good six inches across the parquet floor, and a spool of red thread had toppled over onto a cream-colored area rug. The spool was wet with something tingeing the rug pink.
Just as Elaine noticed a purple velvet smoking cap also lying on the floor, she jumped when she heard the fire extinguisher again. Slipping past the desk and into the office hallway, Elaine was careful not to touch anything. People were standing by the bathroom door and gawking at the spectacle inside.
Cameron was among them, and he stood with his burly arms folded across his chest as he chewed the gum in his mouth. A fire extinguisher was tucked under one of his arms, and it had been used. He was looking in the bathroom as if amused by the less than straight-flush fate the head man had been dealt.
Lois, Carls wife, stood behind Cameron, a lavender, satin robe covering her athletic physique, a body still apropos for executing a perfect pli or arabesque despite its forty-three years. As always, she smelled fruity and floral, probably wearing Jean Patous Que Sais-Je? She waved a heavily bejeweled hand in front of her nose to ward off the puffs of gray smoke still billowing out of the room.
Betty Rhoades, the head housekeeper, stood close by, her hair in soft, pink rollers. Some kind of white moisturizer was on her face, as if the explosion had caught her as shed been preparing for bed. Drawing a tissue from one of the pockets of her smock, she blew her nose. Far from being upset over Carls situation, her damn allergies must have been acting up again. All the vapors pouring out of the room certainly didnt help, tearing her big, gray eyes.
Vic Kastenmeier burped and his body swayed as if he were thinking about collapsing beside his younger brother. Most days Vic would be stoned out of his mind by eleven in the evening, so Elaine could appreciate the effort he was putting forth to stay erect. Dark stubble covering his chin rose as high as the hair on his head, and his ears protruded away from his face like two fans. His cranium always appeared too big for his body, and his neck was short and thick. As he stood there, his wrinkled brow resembled a road map while sharp, distinctive bags hung over each of his cheeks like gunnysacks.
Wheres John? Vic asked, wiping his mouth with his hand. John Linton was Carls bodyguard, and he obviously hadnt done the man any good at all tonight if what Tasia had said was true.
A gurgling sound came from the full, Victorian bath, as if someone was struggling to breathe. Elaine moved past the others and stuck her head inside the bathroom to see. She found Carl sprawled out against the side of the claw-footed bathtub. Plaster dust filtering through the air dulled his image as it settled on his clothes, skin, and powdered his hair. The explosion had shattered the frosted glass globe on the ceiling. Now the globes red and indigo remains were sprinkled all over like a hopeless jigsaw puzzle. Wall sconces on either side of an elaborate, gilt mirror hadnt been affected by the blast, and still gave off a warm glow of light amid the piles of destruction.
Both of Carls arms were stretched out with each of his elbows resting against the mahogany surround of the porcelain overlaid tub, giving him an eerie semblance to a man nailed to a cross. It was there, however, that any similarities to deities ended. As he tried to say something, his legs moved as did his lips, and his eyes rolled up into his head. His left foot was mangled and the black leather shoe hed been wearing had been blown off. The maroon and gray Argyle sock on it appeared burnt and bloody. His chest heaving, he fought ferociously for every breath.
Carls onyx and chased silver walking stick was lying in the bathtub behind him, the griffin-head handle flecked with skin and blood. A portion of his scalp had been pulled away from his head and now dangled vicariously over his right brow, graying hair still tacked to it. Mashed almost to the point of being unrecognizable, his face looked as if it had gotten caught in a vise. Also scorched and blood-soaked was a piece of protective plastic from a cleaning store nearby, which had been left on the floor behind the door.
The rim of a fractured mayonnaise jar was on the floor close beside him, and fragments of glass were scattered everywhere, mixed in with the remains of the globe. Pieces of glass had even been blown into Carls face, peppering his left cheek and chin with glistening dabs of blood. Blood streamed from his swelled right eye and from the side of his head. His left forearm and hand were black with burns, and the same side of his purple padded smoking jacket and trousers were smoldering. Despite the smell of soot and ash and one of Patous finest, the room also smelled like stale wine.
CHAPTER THREE
Carls favorite straight razor had been dropped at his feet, the edge of the blade catching the tile on the floor. The tip of the brown and yellow handle was burning, the small flame greedily consuming the rest of the celluloid. Just two short weeks ago Tasia had used the same razor to cut her wrists.
Each step Elaine took crackled underfoot, the fragments of glass being spread out so far. Blood streamed down the right side of Carls body, spreading over the side of the tub like a red sheet. Edging down and collecting under his right thigh, the blood tacked the bathroom mat to the floor, and a tattered and well-worn piece of thread had been tied around the fingers of his right hand, netting them together like one impervious web. His fingers bled because the thread had been tied tight enough to cut them.
Parts of the bathroom had been reduced to rubble. The lion head, marble toilet bowl sat gray with plaster dust, and a roll of tissue was burning beside it. A mirror had shattered above the vanity. Once beige, the pressed-tin ceiling and cornice were blackened by flames and soot; the detail of the fleurs-de-lys motif displayed above was enhanced by its having been torched, like a lead pencil shading. Floor tiles had lifted and broken where the blast had occurred, leaving a hole almost ten inches in diameter and six inches deep.
An enclosure under the black walnut sink was missing one of its doors; the door had been blown against the barbers chair. The marble countertop had collapsed into the cabinet, taking the crosshandle taps and china basins down with it. One of the double vanitys basins was cracked, but the thick slab of marble had been left unscathed. Exposed brass pipes beneath the sink gleamed in the meager light coming from the wall sconces. Water dripped from one of the crystal faucets, a slow, meandering motion drumming against the left oval basin. It blurred the pretty pink rose pattern painted on the ivory-colored china.
Tasia, Carl said woefully through a pair of battered lips. He could have mentioned his wife, but his mistresss name was the only one he could manage. Lois took that declaration like a final affirmation of her insignificance; even as he lay dying, her husband had managed to embarrass her once again. She looked down at him with a scowl, her top lip twitching.
Elaine went inside the room, waving smoke and plaster dust away from her nose and eyes. Mr. Kastenmeier, she said, coughing as she knelt beside him. She opened his jacket and then eased him back to a more comfortable position against the tub. When she loosened his tie, he gazed up at her. Expecting to be thanked, she was surprised to see him start thrashing about as if he hadnt wanted to be touched. She let go of him and then backed off, glancing over her shoulder at the others.
Go! he mumbled, so she faced him again.
Yes, sir? Go, what?
Go to hell! he said, straining to use his last energy to do what he did best. Bitch! he proclaimed also, and then seemed proud to have mustered that much defiance while in such a horrible state. Then he ended the feat by pulling up the corners of his mouth to form enough of a smile for his intention to be understood. As he drew in a last breath and then exhaled slowly, the fingers of his left hand opened, exposing a piece of plastic in his palm.
Hah! Cameron said, standing behind Elaine.
Around the corner, where a Ladys chair, settee, and an occasional table added Victorian plushness to an already well-furnished bathroom, the rose-patterned, stained-glass window flashed bright for a second. Did you see that? Elaine asked, but no one seemed to understand the question.
Sure did, Cameron said, staring down at Carls body while chewing the gum in his mouth a little faster. The boss just died. He blew a bubble. Its like something youd see in a dream.
No, no, Elaine said. Something was shining on that window.
An act of God, no doubt, Cameron said, taking note of Bettys amused visage. His voice boomed off the scarred walls. No chance of redemption, an express ticket to hell. Pleasantries for the rest of us to look back on fondly for the rest of our lives.
Silence ensued as Silas poked his head through the door. When Elaine saw him, she stood away from his fathers body. Coughing and wheezing a bit, Silas was still weak from the one-hundred-and-three-degree fever hed had earlier in the day. His ashen complexion enhanced the redness of the rash covering his body, which was especially localized on his small, pallid chest. Dad? he said, entering and discovering Carl slumped dead at his feet. Silas knelt beside him and then checked for a carotid pulse.
Has anyone called for help? he asked, turning to look at his mother. Lois Kastenmeier was staring off into space as if more concerned with estimating the cost of repairing the room rather than getting her husband any medical treatment. Perhaps she shouldve been wondering if the house was hers now that Carl was gone.
Elaine looked at Cameron. All he did was sigh and fold his arms tighter against his chest. Chewing his gum harder, he didnt rush to a telephone. It wouldve been difficult to drag him to one. Betty and Vic werent moving, either.
Ill make the call, Silas, Elaine said, walking out of the bathroom with glass crackling underfoot. As she dialed 911 from Katerinas phone in the outer office, she could hear the longcase clock chiming one full verse of taps in the family room, marking the eleventh hour.
CHAPTER FOUR
Despite three doses of a grape-flavored antibiotic during the day, Silas still looked very ill. As he laid on a velvet, serpentine-back couch, his small, sockless feet rested against his mothers left thigh. A pleated pillow was tucked under his head, and his blond hair dangled off one edge. Most of the furniture in the drawing room had been arranged in quaint conversational groupings, but no one was talking. Silas finally said, Dad had a business meeting in his office this afternoon. He had one of those vinyl badge holders in his hand. I saw it. It was empty, though. The name card was missing.
It was probably his own badge holder, Cameron told him. Everybody at the meeting had one.
But Dad had taken his off. He changed his clothes before dinner. When we found him, he was wearing a smoking jacket.
Okay, so he grabbed one from the box on the table. So what?
If he did that, it would still have a card in it. All the others do.
So?
So what happened to the card?
What difference does it make? Cameron asked. I mean, really?
Whoever killed my father couldve been wearing the badge holder when it happened, and Dad pulled it off during the struggle. Silas paused to cough; it sounded deep, unproductive, and painful.
All of our employees hand their name badges in when the meetings are over, Lois told her son. They always do. So that couldnt be.
Well, maybe Dad took it out of the box when he was attacked. You know, to try and tell us who was hurting him.
But theres no name card in the plastic holder they found in his hand, Cameron said. It was empty. You said so yourself.
We should look at the names left in the box to see which one is missing.
Cameron finally understood what Silas was getting at. I guess, he said, but that would be circumstantial evidence at best. He looked at the other adults in the room. Wouldnt it?
Yes, Silas said, but at least it would be a start.
Leaning over a pier table draped with an elaborate quilt and standing between two towering bay windows, Elaine pulled one of the lace undercurtains aside. Watching from the window, she saw the police and someone from the coroners office combing the estate. The young officer whod come in and taken fingerprint samples from everyone present was also out in the yard. Police vehicles lined the driveway with lights flashing on some of the squad cars. Even the fire department had been called, and a bright red engine was parked close to the house. By now the neighbors had to know that something terrible had happened.
Elaine allowed the dark green, velvet curtains to fall back into place, running her hand over the smooth fabric. She looked at the others in the room. Camerons flawless features looked even better in the light from the Tiffany-style lamp on the table next to him. The intrusion by the authorities had long since wiped the satisfied smile from his face.
Lois was sitting on the couch and staring at the marble fireplace as if shed never seen it before. The richly sculpted, dove gray marble surround was a sumptuous piece of nineteenth century craftsmanship, the kind which would probably be housed in a museum someday. Studying the carved figurines earnestly, her mind seemed to be racing. Her sentiment was summed up in one sentence when she said, The police are probably trampling the flower gardens, and then didnt say anything more.
Vic, Loiss brother-in-law, was sitting across from her in a tufted, green velvet chair with an inlaid frame. He was snoring his head off, and his breath was strong enough to sway the golden tassels on the Syrian rug resting over the back of it. Sure it was getting late, but it wasnt that late. His graying hair was clumped together and shiny as if he hadnt washed it in ages. Shriveled blades of dead grass were stuck in his hair above his right temple.
Betty Rhoades, who was sitting closest to Vic on a green Rococo settee, seemed the most bothered by his offensive trills of slumber. The white moisturizer had been wiped off her face some time ago, but the pink rollers were still in her hair. After blowing her nose with a tissue she was holding, she glanced at Elaine and then sank down lower into her seat.
When Elaine saw movement from the window, she turned to see what was happening. Someone wearing a hard hat and a special suit and boots walked past the window with a pack of some kind strapped to his back. I wonder what hes carrying, she said aloud, so Silas sat up for a minute, stretching his neck up to see.
That guy must be an arson investigator, he said, lying back down again. You know, because of the explosion.
Whats that thing on his back?
A field-portable gas chromatograph and mass spectrometer.
Nodding, Elaine turned toward the window again. Two police officers were escorting Sam Giles into the house. Sam, the caretaker and trainer of the Kastenmeiers horses, usually slept in the small cottage next to the stables.
Theyve got Sam, Elaine said, so Cameron turned to see what was happening.
I still dont see John, though, he said.
Hes probably dead, too, Betty said matter-of-factly, and everyone looked at her. She sounded as if she knew something about it. All the staring made her add, It only stands to reason.
The man could be out on a date, Cameron said. After all, it is a Friday night.
This is John Linton were talking about, Betty retorted. Hard as nails, a workaholic, no life outside these walls. She paused. His nickname should be Overtime.
How about Over Done, Lois replied, drawing everyones attention. John has spent more time with Carl than I or any of his trollops have combined.
Silence fell as they heard voices on the other side of the drawing room doors. The mood grew understandably tense. After all, murders a serious offense and the detectives assigned to the case seemed like a no-nonsense bunch of people. Carlyle Kastenmeier had been a very rich and powerful man. Those who didnt know him personally admired him for his contributions to charities and for his support of popular top government officials. Solving his murder would be a high profile event, and a lot of important people wouldnt rest until the mysterious circumstances surrounding his death were finally laid to rest with him.
CHAPTER FIVE
A tall, good-looking man dressed in a dark blue suit and tie came into the room. Following him was a short, stout fellow wearing a wide, maroon bow tie, gray jacket, and matching trousers. The first gentleman removed his hat and then put it on a hatrack above a stand filled with some of Carls walking sticks. When he looked up, it was as if the air thinned so much that it felt hard to breathe.
When he glanced at Elaine, her perception of him was that he could be warm and gentle, but she could also tell that he had an unconquerable soul. He wouldnt rest until his job was done. And although the smaller man scrutinized everything and seemed ruthless and mighty, he didnt seem nearly as scary as the quiet one.
Im sorry youve been inconvenienced this evening, the tall gentleman said, brushing past rope portieres framing the archway between the two separate parlor rooms, but bare with us, please. My name is Detective Rein Connery. Im in charge of this investigation. He stepped aside. This is Detective Maynard Slye. Hell be working with me. They both pulled up a couple of side chairs and made themselves comfortable.
It could only be assumed that Rein, which was pronounced rain, was short for Reinhardt or Reinhard, or perhaps even Reinart. Since the detective didnt specify, there was no telling. But one thing was for sure, and that was the name had origins in Germany and meant mighty judgment, and at the moment, no one was arguing that fact.
Sir? Silas said, pulling himself up and then leaning against the arm of the couch.
Yes, son? Connery said, giving him his full attention. Was Carlyle Kastenmeier your daddy?
Yes, he was.
Whats your name?
Silas.
What can I do for you, Silas?
Have you examined my fathers body yet?
Yes, I have. Why do you ask?
Did you notice what was in his hand?
Are you referring to the thread or to the plastic?
The plastic, sir. Specifically, a pin-on, vinyl badge holder. A name insert had been in it, but its gone. I feel thats significant. You see, my dad had a business meeting earlier today, so finding the insert is important.
I agree, Silas. Ill check everyone who was at the meeting. If that insert is in the office, well find it. Dont worry.
Silas nodded, resting his head against the couch and closing his eyes.
Are you all right, son? Connery asked him.
Hes sick, Lois said. Scarlet fever.
He should be in bed.
I agree, but he insisted on staying up to tell you about the plastic his father was holding. Silas is a thinker, and sometimes he enjoys making things more complicated than they are.
Are you his mother?
Yes, my name is Lois Kastenmeier. The deceased was my husband.
Im sorry for your loss, maam.
Nodding, she raised her chin and had every intention of looking sincere about being bereaved.
Connery checked some notes in the black book he was holding. Anastasia Verena McAvoy, he said, looking up from the pages. Does anyone know where she is?
Elaine sat forward as she spoke. Shes gone, sir, she said. Tasia packed up some of her things and left.
Did she pack before or after the explosion?
After.
Why did she leave? Detective Slye asked, rubbing his mustache.
I dont know and she didnt say. When I went to see what had happened after the explosion, shed left in the meantime. Tasia and I share the same quarters.
And your name is?
Elaine Kostas. Im one of the maids.
Does Anastasia have a residence outside this estate? Connery asked.
She has an apartment, Lois interjected. Id be happy to write down the address.
Please do, he said, giving her a fresh page in his black book and a silver ball point pen. He paused to watch her write it. Anastasias your chef?
Among other things.
What do you mean?
That girls been a thorn in my side for years.
How so?
Shes been sleeping with my husband, Lois blurted out, surprising everyone in the room. Catching herself, she held a hand to her breast and then laughed as if to soften her tone. Well, she was sleeping with my husband. I guess thats no longer a problem for me.
His indiscretion probably made you pretty mad at him, Connery said, putting his notebook back in his jacket pocket.
Lois laughed again, this time with greater effort. It made me feel sorry for him.
Sorry for him? Whys that?
Leaning forward on the couch, she glowered at Connery. Her evil disposition couldve made Dr. Hannibal Lecter weak in the knees. Wouldnt you feel sorry for a man who couldnt keep his hands off a child?
How old is Anastasia? Slye asked, and Lois considered him as if he were an annoyance. Then again, she looked at everyone that way.
Shes nineteen, but dont let that fool you. Shes not a little girl now, but she was when it all started. They were together before hed even met me.
How old was she when their relationship started?
Who knows? He became her guardian when she was a child. Five, I think.
Why did the court grant him legal guardianship?
Her mother had died, and apparently she and Carl had known one another.
What about her father? Is he still around?
Hes around, she said.
Id like to talk to him, Connery said.
Now that may take some doing. I wish you luck.
What did you do when you found out Carl was abusing Anastasia?
There wasnt anything I could do.
When did you and Carl Kastenmeier get married?
Six years ago.
Connery pulled out his notebook again and started thumbing through it.
Ill save you the trouble of researching that bit of trivia, she said. Our son is seven. He was born before Carl and I were married.
I see. That would still make Anastasia only thirteen when you two did marry.
There wasnt anything I could do about their affair, Detective. Believe me. Carl and I had been together for years and if theres one thing Ive learned, you dont ask questions and you dont interfere in his private life. She paused, watching both detectives stare at her accusingly, and she seemed hurt by their unspoken assessment of her.
If you want to know more, why dont you ask him, she said, pointing to Vic, who was still asleep on the velvet chair.
What does he have to do with this?
Hes my late husbands brother.
Whats his story? Connery said, getting up and leaning down to shake him awake. Instead, he took in an eye-squinting whiff of the booze emanating from every pore of Vics body. Oh, nix that. Ive got the picture, he said, realizing the mans intoxicated state. This fellows got the best alibi in the room.
Connery went to the door and called for an Officer Blanchard. Take this guy out and sober him up. Ive got some questions to ask him.
Nodding, the man in blue tried to wake Vic up enough to have him help out, but it didnt work. Grabbing his arm and putting it around his shoulders, Blanchard pulled Vic up from his seat. The policeman supported Vics weight and had to carry him out of the room.
Need any help there, Bob? Slye asked, but didnt seem anxious to get up from his seat.
No, Ive got him, Blanchard said as Connery held the door open and then closed it after theyd passed through.
Mrs. Kastenmeier, Connery said, I need a list of everyone who works for you. She nodded as Elaine handed her a tablet and pen from the top of a nearby desk. Is there anyone else who should be here who isnt? he asked, addressing no one in particular.
Yeah, Cameron said, fidgeting. John Linton, Mr. Kastenmeiers bodyguard.
And you are?
Im Cameron Dmytryk. I drive for the Kastenmeiers, mostly.
Do you normally stay over at the estate at night, Cameron?
Most weekdays I do. My apartment is an hours drive from here. I usually take off on Fridays, though.
Todays Friday, Slye pointed out. Why didnt you head on home today?
Well, my ex-wife took the kids to her mothers house for the weekend. So, I didnt have a reason to go back to my place.
How many children do you have?
Two boys.
You didnt have anything special to do this evening? Connery said. A date, or anything like that?
Not tonight, he said, glancing at Elaine. I sure wish I did now.
A man was found dead in the yard close to the cottage, Slye said. There was a cattle prod beside him. Hes a big guy, well over six feet tall. Mid-thirties, jet black hair, broad shoulders, lanky His hair is cut real short on the sides. Hes got a dimple in the middle of his chin. Now, does that sound like John Linton?
Cameron nodded, looking at Detective Slye. Yeah, thats John. What happened to him?
His windpipe was crushed.
My God! Cameron said, verbalizing the mournful murmurs expressed by everyone else in the room.
Somebody dropped a cinder block on his neck, Connery said. It killed him instantly. He paused, watching those around him whisper amongst themselves. There are a lot of cinder blocks stacked next to that cottage beside the stables. Is somebody adding onto it?
Sam Giles was building himself an extra room in his spare time, Lois said. Carl has allowed Sam to live out there for years.
A place all his own. Privacy. Why was Sam getting such special treatment?
Carl liked him. Sam was one of the few friends my husband had. Carls father was Wesley Kastenmeier, and he owned race horses. Sam used to ride for him. Carl and Sam practically grew up together. But I think that the main thing they had was a mutual respect for one another, so they stayed out of each others way.
Tell me about your husbands daily routine. What did he usually do after dinner?
Carl would go off into the smoking room or into his office to be by himself. Hed have a cigar and a few glasses of cognac.
What time is dinner usually served?
Six-thirty. Sometimes seven.
How much time did he spend alone in his office?
Well now, let me see: dinners at seven, wed take about an hour and a half at the table, and then hed go off around eight-thirty.
And he would stay in his office until when?
Until he finished his Corona and made a serious dent in a bottle of cognac.
Which usually took how long?
Lois smiled. Youre not a cigar smoker, are you, Detective?
No, Im not.
A devout smoker knows it takes time to enjoy a good blend. My husband would have explained that half of a good five-inch Corona cigar should produce about fifty puffs, which works out to be one a minute.
So it would take about ninety minutes for him to finish a cigar?
Oh, he would only smoke half and then discard the rest.
It would take him fifty minutes, then.
Plus or minus ten.
So your husband would spend about an hour alone after dinner.
No, longer than that.
How long? Connery asked, demanding a straight answer.
Two hours, sometimes three.
And then what did he do?
Hed usually spend time with Tasia.
Tasia?
Yes, Anastasia. She prefers to be called Tasia.
Did he spend any time with her before he died?
Loiss eyes were so dark, they looked like two black dots. Bringing up Tasias name always did that. Youd have to ask her because I wouldnt know, she said, and then didnt say anything more.
Connery nodded as if that was a fair answer. When was the last time you saw your husband alive tonight? he asked, and she started biting her lip enough to make it bleed.
I saw him just before he died, as everyone else did.
And before that?
That would have been around eight-thirty, right after he left the dinner table. She nodded. I had a clear view of his back as he walked away from me once again, Detective.
It mustve been tough sharing a house with your husbands lover. Why did you put up with it?
Why not? Lois snickered as tears welled up in her eyes. Elaine couldnt understand why jealousy was always referred to as the green-eyed monster. Loiss sure looked black to her. My husband would have spent time with Tasia regardless of whether I was here or not. Moving out wouldnt have changed a thing.
Except maybe your lifestyle, Connery said.
CHAPTER SIX
May I see the list youve compiled? Connery asked Lois, his subtlety masking his more aggressive nature.
Of course, she said, handing him the paper.
Taking the list and reading the names, he tipped it so that Detective Slye was able to see it, too. Cameron Dmytryk, Elaine Kostas, and Tasia McAvoy. Betty Rhoades? Connery paused, glancing up from the sheet and staring at Lois.
Thats me, Betty said, wiping her nose. Im the head housekeeper. Been here for almost thirty years. I cleaned for Mr. Kastenmeiers mother.
The detective nodded and then looked at the list again. Sam Giles is the stable keeper. Chloe Brice? He looked at Lois for help.
She also works as a maid, but only during the summer. We open up our summer house at that time, and we need the extra help. Chloes a full-time student at The University of Wisconsin in Madison. Chemistry is her subject, and shes a senior this year. Her family lives here in Michigan.
And Heather Trumble?
Heathers a maid as well, but she goes home most weekends. Lois paused. She isnt very bright.
How long has she worked here?
Ten years.
What time did she leave for home?
Right after her shift, around three oclock. As usual, her mother picked her up.
Nodding, he checked the paper again. And Zach Cutteridge?
Lois didnt answer right away. When she did, she explained, Zach used to be the groundskeeper here. He was also kind enough to paint the fresco on the ceiling above us.
Connery looked up, admiring Zachs handiwork around the large, polychromed ceiling medallion in the center of the room, and the converted gasolier hanging from it. A fresco, huh? Thats the medium Michelangelo used to paint the Sistine Chapel.
Youre right. It takes a very talented man to paint well by that method. She raised her eyes toward the ceiling. Zach is no Michelangelo, but he is quite accomplished, especially for his age.
Youll get no argument from me, Connery said, studying the masterful scene of Jesus comforting Mary Magdalene. Mary looked an awful lot like Tasia, as Detective Connery would soon come to realize. He stepped between clusters of chairs as he analyzed the figures in the scene above. Zach Cutteridge did this, he said, more to himself than to anyone else.
Yes, he did. I interviewed fifty-three artists from here and abroad for the job, but I chose him. Every piece of artwork on the walls and ceilings of this house is attributed to him. Youve already had the pleasure of seeing the estate lawns. The deftness exhibited there is his work as well. So you can imagine how disconcerted I was when my husband fired him.
Your husband fired him? Why?
Carl didnt want Zachary around anymore. You see, Zach got a little too interested in Tasia, and my husband didnt approve. She hesitated. Carl wasnt willing to share anything except his own affections. With no regard for my feelings, Zach was dismissed before the fresco in the hall had been completed. Lois looked hurt by that, almost reduced to tears. Can you imagine?
Connery showed little compassion for her situation. No, I cant even begin to imagine being upset over something like that. Id also like a list of your husbands business associates.
Well, thats a short list, if you only count the people he trusted.
Lets start with those.
That would be Nicolette Howard, Marlon McGhee, and Alex Gordetsky.
Please jot down their names, addresses, and phone numbers, please, he said, giving her the tablet back.
Lifting his head, Connery gave each person in the room another good look. The longcase clock in the distance played a full verse of taps and then chimed once. After scrutinizing the last person, Connery said, Does anybody know why Mr. Kastenmeier had thread tied around his right hand?
The thread was difficult to talk about; Elaine had only been there for five months, and even she had trouble describing its significance. Thank goodness Lois finally spoke up and allowed everyone else to forgo the dubious task of verbalizing the shame of it.
Its a punishment, you see, she said, and both detectives stared at her for a moment. They were obviously puzzled, and understandably so. A statement like that deserved more of an explanation.
**********
Elaine thought back to the day when her friend Chloe Brice told her about the Kastenmeiers, and the fact that they needed another full-time housekeeper to help care for their mansion. News like that was a godsend at the time. Elaine had been working her tail off at a diner in a small farming community in central Michigan. Not drawing enough of a salary to rent her own apartment, shed been forced to live at home with her parents. Word of what the Kastenmeiers were looking for sent flashes of independence she thought shed never know.
Once Lois decided to give Elaine a try, Chloe drove them to the estate on the first Sunday of her summer break from college. As they traveled along, Chloe said, I think Mr. Kastenmeier controls everything, even the money. And he seems to have a particular interest in the thread industry. She laughed, but Elaine didnt get the joke.
What do you mean?
Hes a man who loves to give orders. Whenever his orders arent performed to his satisfaction, he makes people wear a piece of thread tied around their finger to remind them that theyve done something wrong. Have you ever heard of anything so silly?
Has he ever made you wear thread on your finger? Elaine asked, and Chloes grin soon collapsed into a scowl.
Yes, he has.
What for?
Not answering right away, Chloe clutched the steering wheel tighter and stared straight ahead. Oh, she finally said, to remind me how he likes his shoes shined, or how he likes the garbage sorted before its disposed of. She shrugged. Stuff like that.
This thread thing sounds humiliating.
Chloe, still facing forward, stared at the road in front of her. It is, she said quietly.
Chloe slowed the Chevy down to a crawl the moment she touched Kastenmeier property. When it came into view, the house seemed to stretch from one end of the horizon to the other. Set on a hillside, it loomed at least one story higher than the clouds. It seemed to stand there like a beautiful fortress warding off everything gone wrong in the world. Or maybe it was there to hold it all inside.
Driving up to the wrought iron gates, Chloe waited to be recognized through a small video camera. Soon the electronic doors opened and they were able to drive on. Elaine marveled at the nicely pruned trees and the flawlessly kept lawns. There wasnt a dandelion or a clump of crab grass in sight.
Red and yellow tulips lined the walkways. Several rows of impressive, off-white tulips splashed with deep pink and dotted with dew glimmered in the early morning light. Surrounding various water fountains were violets and violas, daffodils and grape hyacinths. Purplish pink lilacs draped the archway over the front walk.
Creeping phlox, bleeding hearts, and baskets of gold alyssums encircled the house as far as the eye could see, and wondrous pink, yellow, and red rose buds dotted each corner. A shining white gazebo off to the right of the house had rose vines sprouting all over it. The grounds were breathtaking, and the flowers perfumed the air with aromas that acted as reminders of how glorious the air in heaven mustve been.
To the left of the mansion was a huge six-car garage with living space built above it. Chloe drove past an ornate bust of Queen Victoria and pulled her car under a carport; she parked in the space marked number nine. They both got out at the same time. Elaine stared at the house and shook her head.
Ive got to clean all that? she said, still not believing the size of it.
Its not as bad as it looks. Sure its about forty-five thousand square feet, but only a quarter of it is used on a regular basis.
Oh, so I only have eleven hundred square feet to clean. Now that takes a real load off.
As Chloe opened the hatchback while laughing, they both took their suitcases out and then lined them up on the sidewalk beside the red brick driveway.
CHAPTER SEVEN
The police called everyone into the library one at a time to get each persons version of what went on the night before. Elaine was the last person Detective Connery had asked to come in; it was almost two in the morning before he got to her. She shouldve been tired, but instead she felt wide awake. To assume that someone shed been acquainted with for months had been capable of murdering two people in cold blood, even if the victims hadnt been the most pleasant men to know, was a very frightening proposition.
Elaine went to the library and stood in front of the closed door for a minute, afraid to let the detectives know that she was there but even more afraid not to. Finally, she did knock and then waited for a response.
Come in, please, Connery said, so she opened the door and then stepped inside the room.
The detective looked up from his notes and stared at her. Somehow managing a smile, the side of his chin dimpled slightly. Have a seat, Elaine, he said, pointing to the tufted carmine-colored chair close to the flat-top desk he was occupying. As she sat down, Detective Slye, who was sitting in an armchair with Victorian portrait heads and torsos of women adorning each of the curved arms, nodded his head to her. His greeting didnt feel warm. Each of his fingertips grasped the carved torsos just below the bustlines, although he probably wasnt aware of it.
Would you like something? Connery asked, pointing to a beautiful solid silver tea set on a table in the middle of the room. Some coffee or tea?
No, thanks. Im wide awake already.
What has happened must be unsettling for you, he said, sitting back in his seat.
Yeah, you could say that. I know you must be used to seeing dead people, but Im not. Finding Mr. Kastenmeiers body lying there will haunt me for the rest of my life.
Connery nodded, running his hand through his dark brown hair to brush it back from his forehead. Holding a silver pen in his hand, he leaned forward to jot something down. Choosing not to use the gold-plated quill set on the desk, he pressed so hard with his pen, every letter could be heard as he scratched it out. A southpaw, Elaine couldnt help but notice that there was no wedding band on his finger. His hands were small for a man and well cared for; each nail was neatly trimmed and filed. Organization and good grooming seemed important to him, so he mustve felt at home in a house like this.
Elaine looked at Slye as he sat there staring at her. A world globe rested on a stand beside him, and he spun the sphere slowly. He could have passed for a professor sitting near rows and rows of built-in, glass-enclosed bookcases. Most of the books, at least the ones in view, boasted book covers made of suede and fine, nineteenth-century beadwork.
Connery looked up, taking Elaine by surprise. His eyes met hers with an intensity which nearly caused her hair to stand on end. After awhile, his disposition mellowing, Connery eased back in the chair and folded his hands together, his elbows resting on the lacquered mahogany desk in front of him. It was one of Loiss favorite antiques.
Sorry I kept you waiting so long, he said, and his apology and the tone of his voice relaxed her. Id wanted to speak with you after Id had the chance to talk to everyone else whod been here during the explosion. He paused. With the obvious exceptions of Tasia McAvoy and Vic Kastenmeier, of course.
She was astonished to hear that. Why did you want to talk to me last? What could I possibly tell you that no one else could?
Youve only been employed here for five months, and I feel that your perspective of the situation here would be clearer than any of the others.
I dont know what I can tell you that you havent been told already. I figure everyone else knows more about the inner workings of this house and the people involved better than I do.
And theyd be more biased as well, Connery said, and then reviewed some of his notes. Meticulous and precise, he seemed to be the kind of man who couldnt be rushed. He also seemed dedicated to solving this puzzle.
A police car came up the drive, passing the morgue truck and an unmarked vehicle. Elaine paused to watch it stop behind another squad car already parked in the yard. It was easy to see it because the outside floodlights were on. Two policemen got out and opened each of the rear doors. Zachary Cutteridge stepped out from the right side and Tasia from the left. Looking toward the house, Tasias eyes settled fast on Elaine sitting beside the window. Tasia looked as pale and as exhausted as she had a few hours ago. Shed probably do anything to avoid a police interrogation. That revelation frightened Elaine, knowing all too well that Tasia was prone to using suicide as a way out of the sticky situations she often found herself in.
Mary Magdalene, Detective Connery said, understanding the connection between Tasia and the woman in the fresco Zach had painted in the drawing room. Is that Tasia McAvoy?
Yes, it is.
And the man?
Hes Zachary Cutteridge, the painter and landscaper Mr. Kastenmeier had fired several weeks ago.
Slye got up to have a look, rubbing his thick mustache. The painter and landscaper, he repeated. And the boyfriend.
Did you know that Tasia was having an affair with Carl Kastenmeier? Connery asked her.
Yes. Everyone did.
Was it a mutually consenting relationship, or was she forced to comply?
Coerced is a better word.
Whats the difference between forced and coerced? Slye asked, turning away from the window and crossing his arms. He kept coming toward her, closing in fast like a shark looking for lunch. No doubt about it, the big man was hungry, tired, and wanted to wrap things up as soon as possible.
Mr. Kastenmeier could be very intimidating, she explained. The two words are virtually the same, although I find coerced to be more specific to Tasias situation here. The boss would do things underhandedly to make her do as he wanted. Look, its hard for me to explain, and I feel very uncomfortable talking about this.
Murder is always an uncomfortable situation, Slye said, especially for the guy whos dead. His words echoed across the room and then bounced off the rusty brown-toned frieze, field, and dado, hurting her ears. The subsequent stillness made his last word dead seem as if hed yelled it through a bullhorn.
If Tasia didnt want him, Connery said, then why didnt she put an end to the relationship?
Elaine looked at Detective Connery. It was hard to believe that someone could be so naive about what had been going on around here. Five months ago, Elaine had been just as clueless. But the past five months felt more like five hundred years. She couldnt end it, she said, as if that shouldve been obvious.
Why do you say that? She couldve left, moved to another state.
Dont you understand? She couldnt leave.
Are you saying Carl was holding Tasia prisoner? A nineteen-year-old with a culinary arts degree sounds quite self-sufficient to me. Seems as though nothing couldve stopped her if shed wanted to go.
She did leave two months ago, but Mr. Kastenmeier forced her to come back.
Forced? Slye said, closing what little space there was between them. Not coerced?
Elaine sighed. By this time, Slye was on one side of her and Connery was on the other. Those rusty walls were closing in fast. The two of them together were cutting off her air supply, and she was pushed to the point of demanding some of it back. Use whatever word youd like, she said.
Detective Connery sat back in his chair and rubbed the clip end of his ball-point pen against his bottom lip. He watched her as a bird would watch a worm. Did you kill Carl Kastenmeier?
I did not, she said, flinching a little. She just couldnt help it.
Did you kill John Linton? he asked, his brows narrowing as if he were about to force a confession.
Looking right at him, she said quite emphatically, No, I didnt.
Do you know who did?
No, I dont.
May I see your arms and hands, please?
Sure. That was easy, because she was wearing a short-sleeved blouse. Holding her arms up, he examined them carefully. Slye bent down and had a good look at them, too.
Turn your hands over, please.
She did.
Youve got a smear of blood next to your elbow, Connery said, looking up.
I do? she said, trying to twist her arm around to look at the spot.
You leaned over Carl as he was dying, didnt you?
Yes, I did.
Thats probably how it got there.
Elaine reached over and took a pink tissue from a nearby dispenser. Trying to use it to wipe the blood off, she found it dry and stubborn. She had to scrape it off with a thumbnail. What were you looking for? Blood on me?
No, Connery said. I was looking for burns.
Because of the explosion? she said, giving her full attention to his response.
He nodded.
Do you know if anyone had a grudge against Carl Kastenmeier? Slye said, standing back as if her unscathed arms dropped her down a notch or two on his guilty list. Someone who hated him enough to kill him?
Pausing, she ran a sweaty hand through her short, brown hair. The room felt sticky hot although the air conditioning was doing a perfect job of keeping the temperature a balmy seventy-three degrees Fahrenheit. Even the white marble busts of Carls father and mother were starting to look a little sweaty. Everybody hated him.
Enough to kill him?
No, but most people really hated him.
Even you? Slye asked.
I said most people did. I didnt know him well enough to form an opinion of him one way or the other.
Yes, you did, Slye said, not bothering to appear diplomatic about it.
You were the last person he spoke to, isnt that right? Connery asked.
Thats right.
What did he say?
Hesitating for a moment, she said, It wasnt very flattering.
I still want to hear it.
Well, first he called out Tasias name, and then he told me.
What?
He told me to go to hell and then called me a bitch. She paused, rubbing her right temple with a couple of fingers. See, I told you it wasnt very flattering.
Despite the warning, Connery seemed surprised to hear it. Was Carl in the habit of referring to you as a bitch?
No, thank God.
You were the one who dialed 911 and placed the call with the dispatcher.
Yes, I was.
You even loosened his tie to help him breathe.
Yes.
Why would Carl refer to you in such a derogatory fashion if you were only trying to help him?
Because he didnt want my help. He didnt want anybodys help.
But you offered to help him, didnt you?
Yes, I did.
Why?
Because nobody else would, she said, this time her voice was the one echoing across the room. Silence ensued, however, hurting her ears once again.
Slye leaned against the edge of a table, staring down at the reddish carpeting with black and shades of gray and yellow also in the design. He rubbed his chin until his fingertips turned red from so much contact with the dark stubble forming there. Connery wrote down a note or two in his book, and afterward tapped the end of the pen against his forehead. It was obvious that both officers were trying to size Carl up, to get a feel for the kind of man hed been. By the looks on their faces, they were starting to get the general idea.
I guess Kastenmeier wasnt up for any congeniality awards, huh? Slye said, trying to be funny. He didnt know how right he was.
CHAPTER EIGHT
Connery put down his pen and rocked back in his seat. Lois wouldve been proud of the fact that the old Louis XVI chair with the fawn-colored silk upholstery and giltwood frame didnt creak once. But, then again, she wouldve been aghast to see her magnificent chattel propped up on two legs.
Another officer excused herself as she came into the room. She whispered to Connery and then laid a piece of paper in front of him. Not wanting to act overly curious about it, Elaine stared at the tall candelabrum on a small table behind the desk. All nine candles were burning, and she couldnt help but wonder whod taken the time to light them. Perhaps these officers wanted to take full advantage of their beautiful surroundings while they had the chance. Investigating rich people certainly didnt happen every day.
Connery thanked the officer as she left, taking the time to read the paper shed handed him. Afterward, he handed it to Slye.
Of all the people who either worked for or knew Carl, did any of them have a background in chemistry besides Chloe Brice? he asked.
Putting her hands together as if she were about to pray, Elaine rested both thumbs against her bottom lip for a moment. Well, let me see, she said, placing her hands back on her lap. Every object around her looked heavily contoured and odd. It was nearing two-thirty in the morning, and boy, did it feel like it. When the interview began, shed been fine. But now, all of a sudden, lethargy crept into her bones like a thick fog hanging over Detroit.
Mr. Kastenmeiers brother Vic has a doctorate in organic chemistry. Mrs. Kastenmeier has bachelors degrees in biology and the performing arts. I believe biology requires at least two years of chemistry. Hesitating, she explained, I know a lot about chemistry prerequisites and stuff like that because of my conversations with Chloe.
I see. If Lois Kastenmeier has a bachelors degree in biology, then she probably had a year of both inorganic and organic chemistry.
Probably.
Anyone else?
Everyone at the upper management level of Mr. Kastenmeiers company has at least a bachelors degree.
Connery checked his notes. And that includes Alex Gordetsky, Nicolette Howard, and Marlon McGhee, correct?
Yes, thats right.
Anyone else?
Well, Silas knows an awful lot of chemistry.
Silas? You mean Carls seven-year-old son?
Yes. Hes a child prodigy. A genius. They arent able to tell how smart he is because there arent any tests sophisticated enough to measure his intelligence. Only point four percent of the population has an IQ of one-forty or better, and Silas seems to be above one-seventy.
Wow. How was Silass relationship with his father?
Tolerant, she said. They were at odds because Mr. Kastenmeier wanted him to get a formal education, but Silas insists on teaching himself. Elaine laughed on remembering one particular case in point. Silas says that all he needs is a library card.
Connery smiled, nodding his head and checking what hed written. So, thats Vic and Lois Kastenmeier, Chloe Brice, and Silas who know chemistry. Ill have to see what kinds of degrees Alex Gordetsky, Nicolette Howard and Marlon McGhee have, but Id bet my life theyre all in business. Its hard to tell whether Carl had a background in chemistry or not. Connery looked at the degrees hanging on the wall. He had a degree in business administration.
Yes, he earned it before starting Kast Varnish Enterprises. Elaine looked at Connery playfully for a moment. But I doubt if he blew himself up, at least not on purpose.
I agree with you. What about Tasia? She has a culinary arts degree, right?
Yes, Elaine said, but I doubt if she needed to take much chemistry to get it.
I suppose. Even so, thats quite an accomplishment for someone as young as she is. How did she manage it?
Private tutors and being especially gifted. Somewhat of a prodigy herself, cooking came naturally and with her discerning palate, she was a quick study. She graduated from high school at sixteen and took three years to get her degree.
Who footed the bills for the tutors?
Mr. Kastenmeier. I guess he was in a hurry for her to grow up. Anyway, while she attended the local university, she got her first taste of independence, and she liked it.
You have to ask yourself why an intelligent girl like her stuck around here for so long, especially if she were being abused.
Bad things can happen to anyone, Detective, even to intelligent people.
How was Tasias relationship with Carl? Did she like him at least?
Who knows, really? Only she can answer that. But I always had the impression that she put up with him, and his happiness did seem important to her.
Why?
Shes the kind of person who likes to see everyone happy. Mr. Kastenmeier just wasnt an exception.
Lois mightve been an exception, Detective Slye said, tossing an embroidered throw pillow up into the air and then catching it again. After all, sleeping with another womans husband doesnt curry favor with the jilted spouse, does it? As usual, Slye only seemed satisfied being negative. He and Carl wouldve gotten along fabulously.
I guess not, Elaine told him, and then looked at Connery again. She preferred dealing with him because he seemed less irritated about working at three in the morning.
Carls relationship with Tasia sounds a lot like the one hed had with his son, Connery said, and his assessment stunned Elaine; she couldnt see any similarities there at all. There was quite an age difference between Carl and Tasia, almost thirty years. Did he have a fatherly connection with her?
Fatherly? If the way he treated Tasia had been his idea of acting like a father, then he had an extremely warped view of paternity, Detective.
Youll get no argument from me. But Ive seen a lot of things, and Im saying if that had been the case, it wouldnt surprise me. He hesitated. Did they often disagree?
Yes, but whenever they did disagree, shed always be the one to give in. Shes passive, especially around Mr. Kastenmeier.
Was he holding something over her head?
Youd have to ask her that, sir. I wouldnt know.
Think back to when you first met Tasia, Connery insisted. I want you to tell me specifics about her.
**********
That was easy. Tasia was a very beautiful woman whenever she bothered to clean herself up. Beautiful, and yet so childlike. Perhaps that was what Carl liked best about her; being with her was enough to make a middle-aged man nearing middle age feel young again.
Her voice was very high and her hair was the color of straw in full sunlight. She had a cute, round face and pale blue eyes. The tight dresses she loved to wear accentuated her nearly perfect, one-hundred-and-ten-pound figure on her slender, five-foot-seven-inch frame.
Usually ruddy-complected, Tasia obviously liked to soak up a lot of sun or a lot of booze, or both. At other times she looked pale and sickly, as if staying on her feet was the biggest chore of the day. Elaine didnt realize it at the time, but Tasia had the look and manner of someone who used hard drugs. Among other things, she abused heroin and cocaine. After awhile she even managed to graduate to crack and to chasing the dragon as they say on the street, but that was a different, even uglier story.
Suffice it to say that beneath her sometimes hard, dont-give-a-damn exterior, there was a very vulnerable young woman who desperately needed a responsible adults guidance and love. Never finding it was probably the most devastating part of her life. In one glance, she looked like the kind of woman who couldnt say no to anyone, especially Carl Kastenmeier.
CHAPTER NINE
Chloe Brice is a friend of yours, correct? Connery asked Elaine after writing down a few things based on her assessment of Tasia.
Yes, weve been friends for years. We went to high school together. She was the one who told me about the domestics position that had opened up here. I started working for the Kastenmeiers at the end of May.
Tell us about the first day you arrived, Slye said.
What do you want to know?
Slye shrugged. Whatever youd care to elaborate on. What was your first impression of the house?
Damn, its big! I mean, I was expected to keep it clean, and the prospect of that overwhelmed me.
Connery smiled. I can understand why its size would concern you, he said as he glanced over at the stenciled, fabric-covered walls and tasseled draperies to the left, and the elegant, overmantel mirror on the right. Dusting alone could be an all-day job.
Youd better believe it, she said, appreciating his effort to see how difficult her duties were around here.
How did you meet Zach Cutteridge?
Chloe introduced us.
He nodded. Tell us about it.
**********
A very tall, muscular man with light brown hair and bushy eyebrows answered the door to the mens quarters and gave both Elaine and Chloe a very cordial smile beneath a well-trimmed mustache. He looked to be in his mid to late thirties, and at first he seemed quite pompous. Elaine was soon to realize, however, that he wasnt like that at all. His prominent cheekbones and bearded chin made him resemble a wonderful cross between Clark Gable and Steve McQueen.
Lovely to see you again, Chloe, he said, a polished, English accent emanating from below that perfectly sculpted nose of his. How was school?
I did well. By this time next year, I will have earned a bachelors degree from there and looking forward to graduate school.
The mans lazy expression jolted into a surprised one. Time flies, he said. Seems like you just started, and now youre a rising senior.
Chloe smiled. Boy, that sounds good. It wont be long now. Pausing, she exchanged affectionate glances with him. Ive got someone here Id like you to meet. Elaine Kostas, this is Zachary Cutteridge.
Elaine shook his outstretched hand. Hello, she said.
Its a pleasure.
Zach is the groundskeeper who moonlights as a painter. He opened the front gate for us when we drove up. Zach is something of a celebrity around here.
Oh, really?
Here we go again, he said, rolling his deep blue eyes.
Every so often museum representatives from New York, Washington, D.C., Chicago, and London stop in for photo shoots showcasing Zachs murals. Ill bet they cant wait to rip his artwork off these walls and exhibit it in their own museums. Some of his stuff is probably worth a fortune.
Not one of them has been appraised at more than twenty-three thousand dollars, he explained. The girl doth exaggerate.
Thats because you arent dead yet, Zach, Chloe teased, wrinkling up her nose.
He stared at her with his mouth hanging open. You just exude happy thoughts, dont you?
She laughed and grabbed him by the arm. Elaine starts work tomorrow. Housekeeping.
Welcome aboard, Zach told Elaine.
Is anyone else around? Chloe asked.
Sammys out tending the horses, and Johns here but I dont know where. Cameron took the old man out for a spin.
Hows Tasia? Chloe asked, a sly grin on her salmon-colored lips.
His mood mellowed as soon as Tasias name was mentioned. It was easy to see that he cared for her, but he tried not to show just how much she meant to him. Shes well, was all he said.
Glad to hear it. Listen, Im going to show Elaine the rest of the house.
Nice meeting you, Zach, Elaine said as she turned to leave.
Likewise, he said, and then gave her a very courteous nod of his head.
After talking with him, Chloe continued to show Elaine thirty-five of the ninety plus rooms. They strolled past bathrooms, the dual kitchen and pantry, the dining room, sitting rooms, parlor rooms, the indoor pool and the gymnasium. She saved Carls office for last.
This door leads to Mr. Kastenmeiers office. Chloe knocked before opening it.
Inside was a reception room with a coffee table and a couple of sofas. To the left was a desk with a woman sitting behind it and answering several telephones. Rows of file cabinets lined the walls, as did a fair-sized bulletin board. A canterbury mounted on casters had several vertical partitions, and each space was filled with magazines. Carls secretary had everything she needed, like a fax, dictating, and copy machines, and the latest model Macintosh computer with an expensive ink-jet printer beside it. Finally hanging up the last line she was on, the woman looked at them with a smile.
Elaine, this is Mr. Kastenmeiers office professional, Katerina Waltke. Kate, Elaine Kostas. They greeted one another fondly. Zach told me that Mr. Kastenmeier wasnt in right now. May we go into his office for a moment?
Sure, I dont see why not, Katerina said.
Chloe walked over to the office door and opened it wide. There was a sofa against the far wall and a designing table on the left. Beyond the table was another bar and four stools, and in the center of the room and close to the right wall was a gigantic desk with a black leather chair behind it. Two smaller black leather chairs were in front of the desk. Behind the desk was a closed door.
That door leads to the smoking room. Only Mr. Kastenmeier uses it. Down the hall is his private bath and a spare bedroom for nights when he works late. Chloe walked past a hall closet and the bathroom, and then opened the door to the bedroom. They were both surprised to see a young woman standing inside and sipping a beverage from a small brandy snifter. Her face was as red as a ripe Jersey tomato. It was funny, but she looked at home and uncomfortable at the same time. Even her hair was standing on end; it was silky and curly and had recently been permed. The minute they walked in, she obviously wanted to get out of there.
Chloe! the woman said, her voice high-pitched. When did you get in?
This morning.
How are you? Hows school?
Everythings fine, thank you. This is Elaine. She starts full-time tomorrow.
The new maid?
Yes.
She smiled at Elaine. Nice to meet you, she said. Im Tasia, the chef.
Tasia? Thats an unusual name.
Its just a nickname. Im Anastasia.
I see.
The queen-sized bed in the room looked as if a battle had been waged in it; the spread was on the floor, the blanket dangled off the left edge, and the top sheet was pulled down. The bottom sheet was starting to come up from the mattress on the left side closest to the headboard. Elaine hadnt seen much in her twenty-one years, but shed bet everything she owned that Carl hadnt been alone in that bed the night before. And based on the intense degree of guilt written all over Tasias face, she most likely had been the one in there with him.
Look, Ive gotta get going, Tasia said. See you later. Walking out of the room and then down the hallway, she didnt carry herself like a servant. On the contrary, she could easily have been mistaken for a member of the family, someone who belonged in a place as magnificent as this.
As she reached Carls office, Elaine and Chloe watched her from the doorway, leaning out far enough from the doorjamb to be able to see everything she did. Pausing only to set the lipstick-smudged glass she was holding down on the edge of the bar, she kept walking until she reached the outer door. A distinctive, crescent-shaped patch of maroon graced the glass in the form of a perfect lip print. Tasia left the office without once looking back.
Chloe cleared her throat and said, Mr. Kastenmeier always wants his office cleaned first. I guess its like destroying the evidence. She stepped out of the bedroom and Elaine followed her. Im sorry about that, but everybody knows that Mr. Kastenmeier and Tasia sleep together.
Is she a good cook? Elaine asked, trying to be funny. Chloe picked up on that right away.
By the looks of the linens in there, Id say so. Something was definitely cooking last night. The beds still smoking.
Elaine laughed as they walked through the office and past Katerina. Kate seemed embarrassed, looking up at them both apologetically. I forgot she was in there, she said with a shrug. Sorry.
Dont worry about it, Chloe told her. Shes in there so much, shes starting to become part of the dcor anyway.
CHAPTER TEN
Detective Connery was looking rather sullen again. Perhaps Elaines firsthand account of Tasias trysts with Carl was starting to turn his stomach. He checked his notes and then cleared his throat. Why did Tasia stay in the servants quarters if she was in Carls good graces?
It was a personal preference. She used to sleep in an upstairs bedroom, but she decided sometime ago to move into the trenches with the rest of us.
I get the impression Betty Rhoades doesnt like you very much, he said, changing the subject.
Were civil with one another, but thats about it.
Why is that?
The people who work here are always uptight. There doesnt have to be a reason.
Do you believe Mr. Kastenmeier ever tried to play one of you against the other?
Absolutely. He did that all the time, and not just with Betty and me. He did it with everyone.
You must have been angry with him for putting you in such an awkward position.
I was, Elaine said, and then was sorry to have admitted it. Talking to Connery this way made it easy to forget who he was and what he was trying to accomplish, and that was to finger someone for a double homicide and then try to make it stick.
Connery simply nodded as if he understood her feeling that way, and then changed the subject again. He did that a lot, as if to keep her off balance and hopefully cajole her into giving more honest answers. Tell me about Cameron Dmytryk.
Sure, Elaine said, checking her watch. It was past three in the morning. She felt drained and her head was beginning to ache. Hesitating to cover a stifled yawn, she decided it was best not to keep the detectives waiting too long for the story.
The first time I saw him was in May of this year. Chloe, Tasia, and I were lunching in the kitchen after working all morning.
**********
A man came into the kitchen from the employees entrance and then glanced around the room. His handsome visage eagerly searched out the women congregated in the booth before him. Pausing only a moment to look at Elaine, he soon considered Chloe again as a smile came to his smooth, thin lips. Chloe! he said. I heard you were back.
Yes, I am. Come over here. Theres someone Id like you to meet.
Cameron looked at Elaine again, this time his brown eyes consuming her. Wanting to feel flattered to have his full attention, she instead felt like a frightened little girl being examined by the kind of man her mother had always warned her about. Her timidness amused him, producing dimples best described as delectably deep in both of his cheeks. He was a real knockout, much more than Elaine had expected. Shed die if he noticed how nervous she was.
This is the girl I told you about, Elaine Kostas, Chloe said. Elaine, Cameron Dmytryk.
Elaine shook his hand, but found that she wasnt able to look at him for long. Her face felt hot; she just had to be blushing. The black chauffeurs uniform with the shiny gold buttons he wore was sharply styled and neatly pressed, and its custom fit accentuated his passion for exercising. His black hat was tucked under his left arm, and he wore black leather gloves and polished leather shoes. Even his black tie was knotted perfectly.
How do you do? she managed to say.
The pleasure is all mine, he said, his voice deep and intoxicating. He held her hand longer than necessary, but that was probably on purpose. When she glanced up at him, he smiled as he let her go. Kostas. Now that has to be Greek.
Yes, it is.
Well, Im Greek as well, he affirmed. But where did you get those eyes? Theyre like two blue sapphires hiding behind the lightest of brown bangs.
I guess I got them with my mothers help. Shes Dutch.
Greek and Dutch! Now that sounds like a dangerous combination. I thought I saw fire in those eyes.
Are you hungry, Cameron? Tasia asked as if unaware of his flirting. Or perhaps he did it so much, she didnt even notice anymore. Managing to gaze at her for a second, he let her know that taking his mind off the hunt was an annoyance.
Im always hungry, he said, watching Elaine again as he pulled the gloves off his hands and put them inside his jacket pocket. Tasia nodded, getting up to make a sandwich with plenty of meat.
He sat down in the booth across from Elaine. Easing back and putting his hat in the middle of the glass table, he folded his well-muscled arms in front of a broad, well-toned chest. That was a lot to notice on a man who was fully dressed. Tell me, Elaine, he began, batting those thick eyelashes at her, what is it that you do?
I used to wait tables at a diner back home. But now Im helping Chloe, Heather, and Betty keep the houses clean.
Tasia put a corned beef sandwich and a bottle of pop in front of him and then excused herself. Taking off the white chefs jacket she was wearing and folding it over a chair, she didnt seem at all interested in watching love bloom. Perhaps her hands were full handling her own affairs. As she passed, her tall chefs hat rested on a chair by the door. It was always there, but Elaine had never seen her wear it.
So, have you been working as Mr. Kastenmeiers driver for long? Elaine asked as he took a big bite from his sandwich.
Two years, he said after chewing a bit. Im only here because the pay is so good. Have you met Kastenmeier?
Not yet.
Well, hes an asshole. I dont like kissing up to assholes, but money talks. Doesnt it? He took another bite from his sandwich and stared at her as he chewed.
Who says you have to kiss up? Doing your job should be all thats required.
Camerons expression settled into a mocking grin and he shook his head. Hah! he said. When you work for Kastenmeier, doing your job is never all that he requires. If you do it right, then he changes the rules so he can have the pleasure of telling you that you dont know what youre doing. Am I right, Chloe?
Chloe didnt answer him. Instead, she ran her fingers over the top of a salt shaker shaped like a margarita glass. A Victorian spice box made of stained oak and decorated with carved, leafy designs on the wall behind her seemed to make her complexion more golden. Despite the saintly glow, Chloe didnt feel compelled to be honest about her assessment of Carl Kastenmeier. She elected to say nothing at all.
Cameron raised his index finger straight up and showed it to Elaine. Tied around it was a piece of red, buttonhole thread. Do you know what this is? he asked her.
I told her about the thread already, Chloe said. Give it a rest, why dont you?
This, he said, referring to the thread around his finger, is Carl Kastenmeiers idea of fun. Its only used to denigrate, debase, and humiliate the wearer. If it didnt do that, then he wouldnt be interested in putting it on anyone.
Why dont you take it off? Elaine suggested. The question seemed quite reasonable to her, but it even made Chloe wince.
Take it off? he said. Jeez, you are new here!
Come on, Cameron, Chloe said. Ease up. Ive only mentioned the thread to her once. I really havent had the time to explain it yet.
Well, if shes going to work for Kastenmeier, youd damn well better take the time to explain it. Otherwise, shell be screwed before she even gets started here, wont she?
CHAPTER ELEVEN
Of course Detective Connery wouldnt let Elaine go without telling him about the first time she met Carl. Now that was a day she would never forget.
**********
Elaine wasnt one to make waves, so she kept a low profile for the first week of her employment. By then shed met everyone except the boss himself. Staying close to Chloe, Elaine worked when she worked, ate when she ate, and slept when she slept. She was uncomfortable doing anything on her own. It was easy to tell herself that after she got used to the place, things would evolve into some degree of normalcy. But for now, being Chloe Brices shadow was good enough.
On the start of that second Monday, they both began the days duties by scrubbing all of the tiled floors on the first floor. After that, they planned to strip and then wax the hardwoods. They got an early start so that they would be out of the way by eight-thirty. That had been the plan, anyway.
Like clockwork, Tasia came stumbling out of Carls office, pausing only once to tuck her blouse inside her blue jeans. Her blonde hair was in need of combing, and she looked hung over. Glancing around as if she had something to hide, it was obvious that she didnt belong wherever shed been.
It was almost seven in the morning, and Tasia tripped over Elaines bucket because she wasnt looking where she was going. The collision sloshed soapy water out across the floor like foam spreading over the sea.
Ah! Tasia said. The high note she hit could best be compared to the squeal of an injured pig. Jeez, Elaine! she added, using her fingers to comb her hair. Having recently been permed, several strands of it refused to lay down. I didnt see you there. Tasia looked ill, as if leading a double life was slowly starting to kill her, and bags were beginning to form under those gorgeous eyes.
No big deal, Elaine said, sopping up the water. She was annoyed because the water had spilled in an area shed already finished, but she didnt mention it.
Chloe always starts at the other end of the hall. I didnt expect anyone way over here.
Sorry.
Have you seen Lois this mornin? she said, her voice sounding an entire octave lower than usual. That east Texas flavor rang through like a bell. Lois was Mrs. Kastenmeier, of course, and most likely a hungry Mrs. Kastenmeier by now.
Yes. Shes sitting in the kitchen and waiting to be served.
Damn! Tasia said, taking off for the kitchen, leaving a perfect set of smudged footprints as she hurried along.
Elaine watched Tasia until she was out of sight. While her attention was diverted to the outcast and downtrodden, she didnt notice someone else coming out of the office and looming over her. And who are you? a voice boomed, and Elaine jumped when she heard it.
She looked up to find a well-dressed man standing beside her, his left hand planted firmly behind his back. Every hair on his head was in place, and graying eyebrows hovered at the bottom of his forehead like eagles wings. If this was Carl, he looked a lot younger than Elaine had anticipated; shed expected him to look fifty, but he carried his age well. Unlike Tasia, he seemed structured and well-seasoned, someone with big plans and miles of future ahead of him to see them through. After all, hed already built an empire out of oil paint varnish.
In his right hand, the chased silver, griffin-head handle of a walking stick was pointed right at her as if daring her to move. Pulled back as if in a tight grimace or snarl, the griffins beak made it appear rabid and angry. Why, it almost looked ready to pounce on her and bite, but, then again, the same could be said of its owner. The way Carl walked, talked, and even the expression on his face read like bad press, and bespoke of money and power and knowing how to use them. Gazing down at Elaine as if she were a trifle, his stance alone declared him master of the wonderful, Victorian kingdom around them.
Speak up! Who the devil are you? he said again.
Elaine Kostas, sir, she said, standing up as she wiped her hands off on her apron. Im the new maid. She extended her hand, but he didnt bother to shake it. Perhaps he didnt relish getting his hands dirty.
Youre Chloes friend, he said, and she nodded. Noticing the pail and scrub brush beside her, he said, Enough of that now. I want you to clean my office. Checking his watch, he took a moment to glance around. You can start with the bedroom.
Yes, sir.
Didnt Chloe tell you that the bedroom in my office is to be cleaned first?
Elaine nodded.
She did? Then why arent you cleaning it? Standing before her, he pressed his walking stick hard into the floor. As Cameron had suggested, he seemed anxious to catch her doing something, anything, wrong.
I would have, Elaine said, but you were still using the bed.
Carl took those words with two bugged, blue eyes and a twist of his head. He stopped leaning against his walking stick and pulled it back an inch or two. Obviously he hadnt expected her answer to make so much sense. Her response didnt make him testy, but he also didnt seem to appreciate anything short of her begging his pardon. Staring down at her, he finally said, Next time do the bedroom first.
As he walked off, he maintained a stride a captain might assume on the decks of a ship. His cane, something hed needed ever since shattering a kneecap after falling from a horse during a polo match, added an authentic touch. It tapped against the floor the way Ahabs wooden leg would have. The only thing missing was the great white man-eater. But Elaine was certain that Lois would be along shortly.
CHAPTER TWELVE
After telling Connery and Slye about her first encounter with Carl Kastenmeier, Elaine was dismissed so that she could get some rest. Due to the circumstances, all household employees were allowed to sleep in the next day. Elaine had expected to jump at the chance to catch up on the rest shed lost while being detained until three-thirty in the morning by the police, but instead she tossed and turned and found that she couldnt settle down at all. Betty didnt seem to have any trouble, however; she was snoring as loud as ever.
Tasia was still up, though; she and Zach were obviously being questioned by the detectives. Soon the police would find out about Tasias nasty habit, and Elaine wasnt referring to her willingness to sleep with married men. Heroin, cocaine, and crack paraphernalia were stashed everywhere, and it was only a matter of time before Connery and his men found some of it and traced it back to her.
It was after nine in the morning when Tasia finally came into the room. Sitting down on her cot, she tucked her left foot under her and allowed the other to dangle off the edge. Her red dress was tight and well above the knee, but it didnt seem flattering at all. As she rested one shoulder against the wall beside the bed, she played with the frill on the mauve and white checkered cotton bed cover.
Did the cops talk to you? Elaine asked her.
Tasia looked over and acknowledged the question with a nod of her head. Half the night, she said.
What did they say?
They didnt have to say anything. I know this means big trouble for me. Her voice was still soft and sweet despite the horrible situation she was in. Big trouble. I think they believe that I killed Carl.
What makes you say that?
The questions theyve been asking, especially Detective Slye. Man, hes a real piece of work. Biting her bottom lip, she took a moment to flex the fingers of her left hand and then shook them as if they felt numb. Ever since her suicide attempt, that hand always gave her trouble.
You were in the family room when Mr. Kastenmeier was attacked.
Yes, I was, Tasia said. He didnt like the way I looked, so he tossed me out. Then he came back begging. He even made me a drink, but I threw it in his face and made my own.
What happened after that?
He hit me. She pointed to the bruise on her cheek. I told him to go to hell and he went sulking into his office. And that was the end of it, or so I thought.
That was the last you saw of him?
No. I went into his office after I heard the explosion and saw him lying against the tub. Tasia hesitated, staring at Elaine. You told the police that he called out my name before he died.
Thats right, he did.
The police probably think its a dying mans accusation. You know, Tasia did it.
Maybe he just wanted to see you one last time.
Or maybe he wanted to screw me over one last time. Shaking her head and scooting farther back on the bed, she gazed up at the ceiling. I dont know why my life has to be so messed up. Ever since Mom died, forget it. Sometimes I think we shouldve died together.
Dont say that, Tasia. Be glad youre alive.
For what? she said, watching Elaines face in the half-darkness. Although the sun was well up in the sky, the shades were still drawn. What do I have to look forward to? Being more miserable than I am right now?
Mr. Kastenmeiers gone. You can start over.
With what? What do I have left except memories uglier than your worst nightmares?
Did you see that broken mayonnaise jar in the bathroom? Tasia continued.
Yes, Elaine said, I saw it. It had been full of water.
Tasia snickered, her body jerking from the effort. I wish, she said, running her fingers through her long, blonde hair and shaking her head. The curl in her hair from the last permanent had started to relax, and her hair was hanging almost straight again. Her eyelashes brushed against her bangs after every blink, so it was clear that she needed a trim. If youd ever picked it up, you wouldve been able to tell it wasnt water.
Hows that?
Its not as heavy as water.
What was it?
There was ether in the jar. My ether. I put it under that sink years ago.
So?
So, it caused the explosion.
Caused the explosion? How?
I dont know exactly. All I know is, it was my jar and my ether, and my fingerprints are all over it.
Elaine sat up in bed, tossing her covers aside. Why in the world did you have ether stashed away, especially if its volatile enough to explode?
Tasia rubbed her forehead before slamming her head against the wall. If it hurt, she never let on that it did. She closed her eyes tight and said, I used to freebase, thats all. I needed the ether to freebase cocaine. Smoking it gives me a faster high.
Elaine got up and sat down on the edge of Tasias bed. The pink and white flannel nightgown Elaine wore was gathered at the neck and was long enough to touch her calves. It was a study in contrasts to see it next to the red cocktail dress Tasia was wearing. Then Mr. Kastenmeier picked up the jar of ether, dropped it or something, and it exploded, Elaine surmised. The impact of the blast killed him. What happened was an accident.
It was no accident. Someone murdered Carl. He didnt die from the explosion, but rather bled to death from a stab wound under his right arm. Besides, what happened to John certainly was no accident.
No, Elaine said and then paused when she heard Betty sneeze. Both women looked over at her, finding her peering up from between the sheets and staring at them with uncommon interest. Gossip and cold creams were all that ever interested her, and this morning she was just overdosing on assumptions and innuendo.
Despite the eager expression on her face, Betty said, If you wanna talk, take it outside. Im trying to sleep. Rolling over, she covered her head with a pale yellow blanket.
Yes, maam, Tasia said, putting weight on her wrists to get up from the bed and flinching a little from the pain. She headed for the door. What I wouldnt do for a pint of brandy and a gram of snow right now.
Dont say that, Elaine said, grabbing a robe and following her down the stairs and into the kitchen. On the way through, they passed handcrafted, glass-front cabinetry, hanging copper cookware, and a cooktop with wine-colored tile behind it. The kitchen countertop was marble, and the tiled floor was trimmed with hand painted fruit and vegetable designs.
Elaine was surprised to find Silas sitting at the semicircular booth on the servants side of the kitchen with what looked like one of those freezer pops specially formulated to contain an electrolyte solution in his hand. He hadnt had much of an appetite, so he was trying to drink fluids so that he wouldnt dehydrate.
Good morning, Silas, Elaine said. How are you feeling?
Better, he said as Tasia stood beside him for a moment and rubbed his back with the palm of her hand.
Your color looks a lot better, Tasia told him. You were absolutely gray yesterday.
I always feel better in the morning. I feel crummiest by midafternoon.
Have you taken your medicine? Elaine asked.
Yes, I took it first thing.
Tasia sat down next to him after he scooted over, and Elaine sat on the opposite side of the booth. What do you feel like eating this morning? Tasia said, staring at him with more concern than shed ever shown for herself.
Dry toast. Maybe with some of that homemade pear butter on it. But first I want to make sure my stomach is strong enough to keep this cherry pop down.
Sounds like a plan.
Silas, youre the chemistry whiz, Elaine said. How can ether explode?
Snapping to attention, he asked, Is that what happened last night? Was it an ether explosion?
We believe it was.
He looked at Tasia when he made the connection between her drug abuse and the presence of ether in the house. Freebasing, he said. Dont you know how dangerous smoking that stuff is? Handling all those chemicals is also dangerous because theyre so flammable. Snorting coke isnt good enough anymore?
Not lately, she said, her voice deeper from a telltale hoarseness.
Did you see the size of the hole that explosion left in the floor? That could have been you, Tasia.
I know it. I never claimed to do everything a good girl should, Silas.
Youre your own worst enemy.
She looked bothered by his assessment, and it showed in the next thing she had to say. I guess I am my own worst enemy now that your fathers dead.
Silas looked hurt by those words, but he respected her right to have such an opinion. It was doubtful if he wouldve let anyone else speak that way about his father.
Im sorry, Tasia said anyway, and although it was hard for him to look at her again, he acknowledged her civility by nodding his head.
How did the ether explode, Silas? Elaine asked.
The ether must have been sitting around for awhile.
About two years, Tasia confirmed.
Ether and air react together to form peroxides which are shock sensitive. When the container holding the ether was knocked over, the peroxide crystals, which had settled to the bottom, exploded and that set off the ether.
Wow, Elaine said. I never knew ether could do that.
Obviously Tasia didnt know either, or she wouldnt have left it there.
Understanding chemical reactions was never my forte, Tasia said.
Tasia, what time did Dads meeting end yesterday?
Around three or four in the afternoon. Why?
Did he say anything about how it went?
No, but he was happy. He seemed very pleased about something.
What?
I dont know. When I asked him, he wouldnt tell me.
Putting down the pop in his hand, Silas said, Katerina mustve taken notes. Im going to go and check them.
Silas, you know your father doesnt like you going through his business. Tasia stopped when she remembered that Carl was dead, and it didnt matter what Silas wanted to see. The business was most likely his now anyway.
Ill be back in a few minutes, he said, waiting for her to stand so that he could get up from the booth and then hurry to his fathers office.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
While sitting together in the kitchen and sipping coffee, Tasia explained all that she knew about Carls death to Elaine. Not only had Carl withstood the ether blast, but hed also been bludgeoned and had suffered an episode of torture. His right brachial artery had been severed by something sharp, probably the straight razor that theyd found beside his body. The assailant had then left him to bleed to death.
As Tasia recounted even the smallest details she knew of the case, it was difficult not to wonder how she came to know so much about it. Solace could be found in believing that this information became available to her through conversations with the officers in charge of the investigation.
They were deep in their discussion when Silas started yelling at someone. It was so unusual for him to express himself in such a way, and all of his fussing sent Elaine and Tasia running to his aid.
Officer Blanchard was escorting Silas away from the office. The boy was being held by an arm and by the scruff of the neck, and was being dragged along by the policeman. Nothing Silas couldve done wouldve justified his being treated that way in his own home.
What are you doing to him? Tasia asked, grabbing the officer and trying to take his hands away from Silas. He finally let go, but only after Detectives Connery and Slye emerged from the library to see what was going on.
Officer Blanchard, Connery said, whats the trouble?
I found this boy tampering with evidence. I told him no one can cross the cordoned off section of the house except the authorities, but he wouldnt listen.
Connery stooped down to talk to Silas face-to-face. Son, were taking pictures and analyzing certain rooms in your house. We need to finish collecting crime scene evidence before we can allow you to enter your dads office, the adjoining reception room, his private bath, or the sitting room across the hall from the office. Do you understand?
Yes I do, but I have to see Katerinas notes from Dads last meeting.
Why?
I believe knowing what went on during that meeting is the key to telling us who killed him. Something happened on Friday that set somebody off. I can just feel it.
Ill tell you what, Silas, Connery said. Ill check the minutes from your dads last meeting, and Ill let you know if I find anything.
Silas didnt seem relieved to hear that. In fact, he didnt seem to have any confidence in the law officers at all. I dont know if youd be able to find anything, sir, he said.
And whys that?
Because I dont believe youd know what to look for.
Ive been in law enforcement for.
And Ive known my dad for seven years, Silas interjected, and youve never even met him. No offense, but youre going about this all wrong.
Excuse me?
Youre accusing my mom, and she didnt do anything.
If youre asking me if your mom is a suspect, she is.
Well, she shouldnt be. Sure her prints were on the straight razor used to kill my father, but she was the only one hed trust to shave him. Its only logical that her fingerprints would be on it.
And if she was the only one who ever shaved your father, then she really must know how to handle a razor.
Most policemen really know how to use a gun, too. But that doesnt mean they shoot people because they know how to do it. He hesitated. Or do they?
Of course they dont, Connery said. But when a persons fingerprints are all over a murder weapon, then they become a suspect by deduction.
We wouldnt be doing our job if we didnt at least check your mom out, Slye explained. Surely youll give us that.
Silas didnt answer.
Your mother wont talk to us anymore without her lawyer present, Slye said. Now, does that sound like someone who doesnt have something to hide?
Silas stared at Slye as if battle lines were being drawn and the two of them werent ending up on the same side. It sounds like someone whos afraid of being railroaded, Silas said, just before the longcase clock in the family room brought in the ten oclock hour.
I assure you, Connery said, looking rather silly explaining himself to a child, were thorough investigators, and we wont rest until the person responsible for your fathers death is apprehended. Connery heard voices and so looked past Tasia and Elaine to see who was coming. Nicolette Howard and Alex Gordetsky were walking toward them, and they introduced themselves after they got close enough to talk.
We came as soon as we heard, Nicolette said, glancing at Silas and then Tasia. How did it happen?
Somebody killed Dad with his own straight razor, Silas told her. They also dropped a cinder block on Johns neck and crushed his windpipe.
My God, whod do something like that? Alex said, looking from Silas to Detective Connery.
Thats what Im going to find out, Connery said. My name is Detective Rein Connery. Im in charge of this investigation. This is my partner Detective Maynard Slye.
Alex stretched out his hand and Connery shook it. Anything I can do to help, dont hesitate to ask. He shook Slyes hand as well.
We want to talk to the two of you, Connery told them.
Of course, Nicolette said.
Officer Blanchard, finish examining the cordoned off rooms. Tell me if anything new turns up.
Yes, sir, he said, walking off down the hallway.
Wed like to talk to you two separately if you dont mind, Connery said after Blanchard had left. Ms. Howard, would you go first?
Of course.
He glanced at the purse she was carrying. Noticing his interest, she looked down at it as well. There was something resembling an ink pen clipped to it. Oleoresin capsicum, he observed. You carry pepper spray.
Yes, I got mugged a couple of years ago. The guy made off with my handbag and everything in it. The police never caught him.
Im sorry to hear that.
Thank you.
Do you know where Marlon McGhee is?
Nicolette stared at Connery as if the name Marlon left a bitter taste in her mouth. No, she said.
I havent seen him, either, Alex said.
Connery nodded. The two of you came here together?
Yes, Alex said. We do that often. Carpooling, you see. Today we drove in separately, however; each of us wanted to have our own car. But usually we travel together because Nicolette only lives three miles from my house.
Did you bring Ms. Howard to the meeting yesterday?
Yes, I did.
And you took her home?
No, Nicolette said. I caught a ride with someone else. I lagged behind to work on some reports, and Alex was in a hurry.
What was your hurry, Mr. Gordetsky?
When its quitting time at your end, do you find more work to do or do you get going?
Connery smiled. I get going, he said.
Well, so do I.
So both of you were at yesterdays meeting.
Yes.
Mr. McGhee also?
Nicolette nodded. Yes, we all were. Everyone from upper management on was required to be there.
Are you right-handed? he asked Nicolette, then glanced at Alex.
I am, Nicolette said. Why?
Me, too, Alex said. What, are we suspects, too?
Connery didnt answer.
We werent even here when Carl was murdered, for crying out loud!
One of you couldve come back, Slye said.
What about the surveillance cameras? Alex said. There are cameras monitoring every outside door to this house.
Were still analyzing what the cameras recorded, Connery said. It takes awhile to look at several hours of footage on twenty different video tapes. Its possible that the killer knew enough about the house and the cameras to have been able to work around them. I looked over the lawns at daybreak. Did you know that theres a hole in the fence surrounding the house thats big enough for an adult to pass through?
No, I wasnt aware of that, Alex said.
Me, either, Nicolette said. Why should I know something like that? I always drive through the front gate like everyone else.
One things for certain, Connery said. Whoever the killer is, hes spent a lot of time in this house. He knew everyones routine, what went on here, and when. A stranger couldnt have pulled this off.
There are cameras in Carls office, Alex said. Katerinas office surely has one.
Carl turns those monitors off after dinner, Connery said, nodding. And Im sure the killer knew that, too.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Seeing Alex and Nicolette so concerned over a man they could hardly stand brought back memories of unsettling events from the past. The goings-on between Carl and his entourage of business helpers were never boring, thats for sure.
**********
When Elaine went into the reception area, Katerina Waltke was at her desk but she was standing. Her exasperation was justified even though Elaine didnt know it yet. Why everyone was getting all worked up over a little mess was hard to understand. After all, one of lifes first rules was that accidents happen.
Go right in, Elaine, Katerina said, stepping out from behind her desk and watching as Elaine went inside the office.
Talk about sad-looking faces! Carls longtime associate, Marlon McGhee, was there; he was sitting behind the bosss desk with loosely bound books of construction plans in front of him. Marlon had a ballpoint pen in his hand and was ready to write something down, but he didnt seem to know where to begin.
Nicolette Howard was sitting in one of two black swivel chairs. She was an African-American woman who was as tenacious as she was brilliant, and she always dressed in stylishly conservative business clothes. Her curly hair was left short and her nails, professionally cared for. Whenever she spoke, you could tell that she was an Ivy league alumnus, a Yaley to be exact. Proving her business savvy and boardroom prowess seemed to be all that she lived for, since she had no husband or family of her own.
The third person in the room, Alexander Gordetsky, was leaning against the designing table next to the bar. Of the three associates, Alex was the least experienced to run things, but he learned fast and had lots of potential. Too bad he never saw fit to develop that talent; he was happy to roll along, getting away with doing just enough. Five pieces of red thread tied around his fingers meant that he mustve been bungling things up big time.
I was told to come in and clean something up in here, Elaine finally said.
Its right over there, Nicolette said, pointing, on the floor behind the bar. She swiveled back and forth in the chair like a windup toy stuck in its first revolution. It was just as well; aspiring women never seemed to stay stuck for long.
As Elaine made her way over to the bar, all the suspense was starting to agitate her stomach. Blood was starting to roll out on the floor from the edge of the bar, like a growing scarlet doodle against the interlinked diamond design of white. It actually enhanced the beauty of the cherry wood against the southern pine floor.
What is it? Elaine asked, preferring to be cautious. Nicolette simply sat staring at her, the fingers of one of her hands braced against the fingers of the other. Her gaze fell on Alex Gordetsky, who was still beside the designing table and looking quite disheveled and exhausted. On closer examination, traces of blood could be seen on the light blue cuffs of his dress shirt.
Dont be alarmed, Marlon said. Its only a dead animal.
What is it? Elaine insisted on knowing before taking another step.
A rabbit, Marlon said.
All bloody and lying on its back, the rabbit had a half-dozen Kast Varnish pencils sticking out of it. The fur on its head was slicked back with blood, as was the fur on one of its front paws, both of its sides, and several spots on its belly where the pencils protruded. Having been tossed onto an artful, looped-pile area rug, the standing loops soaked up the greater portion of the rabbits blood like a sponge.
What happened to it? Elaine asked.
It fell on a some pencils, my dear, Marlon said with that nasal and thoroughly irritating New England brogue of his. He was avoiding her question with a snide remark, and she really wasnt in the mood for that.
Im not touching that thing, she said. Leastwise, not with my bare hands. Ive got to glove up first.
Then do it! Marlon said. And then get it out of here!
Elaine paused to look at Nicolette again, her being the only other woman, and hopefully an ally, in the room. Sadly, Nicolette was staring back at her with a frigid ambition which seemed to have turned her pretty, brown face from flesh to stone. Her incessant swiveling told the story; shed rather keep the secrets of her comrades than to suggest an ounce of weakness by showing compassion for the animal on the floor.
Leaving the room without looking back, Elaine retrieved a couple of gloves from the cleaning supply closet in the kitchen. After grabbing an old newspaper, a mop, and a pail, she put a fresh plastic bag in her mobile garbage can. Chloe came over and asked what she was doing.
They killed a rabbit and now they want me to get rid of it.
A rabbit?
Yes, Elaine said. Theyd probably kill us if they thought they could get away with it.
Come on, Elaine. Perhaps the rabbit died of natural causes.
It was lanced with six pencils! Does that sound natural to you?
Chloe shook her head. Ill give you a hand.
They went into the office and found that everyone else had left the room. The associates were probably outside, hunting down chipmunks and squirrels, anything for their next collaborative kill. Its over there, Elaine said, pointing. Behind the bar.
Chloe peered over the bar and then looked away. Man, oh man! Why on earth would anyone do something like that?
I wouldnt know. I missed the meeting. Obviously Mr. Gordetsky was trying to purify himself from all of his sins. After all, thats what animal sacrifices are all about, right?
Come on, Chloe said, lets get this over with. Hand me that newspaper, will you?
Elaine brought the newspaper over and then had the dubious task of picking the rabbit up and putting it on top. Once the rabbit had been pushed onto the newspaper, Chloe wrapped it up and then tossed it into the empty garbage bag.
Pulling the bag closed and twisting it shut after discarding her gloves, Elaine asked, Where should I bury it?
Out in the backyard, way behind the stables and past the stand of pine trees. Go and find Sam. Hell show you where to bury it. She glanced down at the blood at her feet. Ill mop this up and toss the rug while you do that.
Elaine left the office and went through the reception area. Ms. Howard, Mr. Gordetsky, and Mr. McGhee were standing by the outside door as if the meeting theyd been having wasnt over yet. They all watched as she came out. Did you clean it up yet? Marlon asked. The blood, I mean.
Chloes doing that now. Shell be done shortly. Marlon was looking impatient as usual, as if angry at having been held up by the slow-moving, hired help. He never stopped to realize that others probably regarded him in the same manner.
After carrying the rabbit over to the stables, Elaine stuck her head through the open door and called, Hello? When no one answered right away, she put her hand against the wooden door and opened it wider. The smell of fresh hay and manure brought back memories of summer visits to her uncles farm in southeastern Minnesota when she was a kid. Sam, are you in here?
As Sam stuck his head out from the loft as he knelt beside the edge, several pieces of hay drifted down from high above. Im up here, he said, peering down at her as if shed interrupted something important. What is it?
Theres a dead animal in this bag. Chloe wanted me to ask you where I should bury it.
Just leave it by the door. Ill bury it.
Would you? Thanks a lot.
Yeah, sure, he said, brushing hay off his overalls. He was an older man, perhaps in his early forties. Short in stature, hed made a living as a jockey in his younger days, and a rather lucrative one at that. A number of fine horses had crossed the finish line first under his artful direction. Like Zach Cutteridge, Sam enjoyed a celebrity status, and even Carl left the man alone to do his work with the horses.
Elaine put the bag down beside the door and then turned to walk away. She stopped when she saw Tasia McAvoys head pop up past the loft floor.
Hey, Tasia said, brushing hay out of her hair. Some of the hay drifted down from above and Elaine watched as it settled onto the dirt floor. Seeing Tasia up there was like watching an apparition. The last place anyone expected to find her was out in the barn with a man shed never shown any fondness for. Even the horse Absolute Integrity seemed stunned, whinnying and stomping one of his hooves as if offended.
See you later, Elaine told her, trying to walk away as fast as she could. Running away wouldve been too obvious.
Hey, wait, Tasia said, forcing Elaine to come back to the door. You said there was a dead animal in that bag. What animal?
A rabbit.
A rabbit? There arent any rabbits in the house. Silas certainly isnt allowed to have furry pets, not with his asthma.
He doesnt have to worry about this one being in the house because its dead.
Tasia stood up, dusting hay off her clothes as she stepped over to the ladder. Wearing her favorite pair of battered blue jeans, her blouse was so tight, every curve of her body could be read like braille. Everyone was aware of how distraught she was over Zachs having left her. But, just like elastic, she was springing back from that ordeal in a hell of a hurry. The horseman and the bosss favorite pastime were obviously getting to know one another better than they shouldve been.
As she descended the ladder, Tasia said, How did it die?
Six pencils.
I beg your pardon? she said, reaching the dirt floor and staring at Elaine inquisitively.
Some fool stabbed it with pencils.
Pencils? Tasia said, her voice high enough to hurt Elaines ears. Youve gotta be kidding me! Thats a sick thing even for the people around here to do. Who did it?
Im not sure, but Mr. Gordetsky had blood on his shirt.
Let me see it, Tasia said, going over and standing next to the bag.
I dont want to see it again, but feel free to take a look, Elaine said, watching as Sam came down from the loft. He stood between the stallions Napoleon and Theodore and took turns scratching them both on the neck.
Tasia got on her knees and opened up the bag, peeling the newspaper back cautiously. Oh, my God! she said, closing it and then standing up again. I cant believe Alex would do something like that.
Sam came over and took a peek. Man, he said.
That crazy ass Carl did that, I bet, Tasia said, but Sam took a step back and shook his head.
I dont think so, honey, he said. Hearing yet another man refer to Tasia in such a familiar way bothered Elaine, although she tried not to show it. Toying with the affections of more than one man at a time could be a very dangerous pastime, but Tasia didnt even seem to care.
Ill bet everything Ive got that Carl killed it, Tasia said, putting her hands on her hips. Hes a crazy son of a bitch, Sam. Or is your face shoved so far up his ass that you havent been able to notice?
Look whos talking, he said. Besides, Carls a good man. He takes care of us, doesnt he?
You look mighty peculiar taking sides after all these years, Tasia told him. Whats gotten into you?
Im not taking anybodys side, he said as he walked over to one of the horses, which had started prancing around, and patted him on the nose. All Im saying is, Carl seems to be doing all right by you.
Yeah, sure. So long as I sit up and beg like a good pet should.
If you dont like the way he treats you, why dont you leave?
As a matter-of-fact, I am looking for another job, Sammy, she said, walking over to a stall and then resting back against one of its walls. Folding her arms against that healthy chest of hers, she didnt realize that shed just covered the best view a man ever had. Thats right, Im getting out of this pig sty. The sooner, the better. You boys are gonna miss me when Im gone, arent you?
Sam snickered as he stood close to her. It was easy for him to look her in the eye since they both stood at about five-foot six. Youre not going anywhere, he said with great confidence. You remember what happened the last time you got such a foolish notion.
Yeah, yeah, she said, turning and heading for the door. The front of the red blouse she was wearing barely made it past Sams arm without a collision. Afraid it wont be so easy to put the screws to somebody else if I left, Sammy? She paused at the door for a moment to look at him one last time, her silhouette telling him all there was to know about what hed be missing. Some habits are hard to break, but I guess youll have to make do without this one. Tasia turned her back on him and walked away.
Elaine stared at Sam until he looked at her. It was curious that he should feel free to take liberties with Carls mistress, especially since it was obvious that the boss never liked to share anything. For a man who didnt like to make waves, Sam seemed to be setting himself up to make plenty.
After leaving the stable, Elaine followed Tasia until she managed to catch up with her. She kept glancing at her as they walked, but Tasia didnt say anything right away. Hey, I heard from that household in Flint, Tasia said, stuffing her hands inside the back pockets of her jeans as she walked.
You answered the ad!
Yeah, she said. They want to see me for an interview next Saturday. Maybe Ill have to bake brownies or something. They could ask me to take some kind of cooking test like that. Maybe Ill go crazy and whip up grilled grits with pork cubes and gazpacho salsa. I could top things off by serving apple fritters with a chocolate-caramel sauce.
Too bad I cant come with you, Elaine said.
Tasias smile faded. When I leave, Im going to miss you and the rest, she said. Zach especially. But hes already out of my life, isnt he? You guys are all Ive got. Her eyes were glittering with tears, but her voice didnt betray her; she was sad, but years of hard living had taught her to be strong. She had to be.
Looking pensive again, Tasia added, I just wish I could have friends around and not feel as if I have to keep doing things for them all the time. Especially men, you know?
What do you mean?
Well, its like, if you give them what they want, it makes them happy and they treat you so damned nice. Of course that only lasts for a little while. Jeez, they all want one thing, dont they?
Thats not true, Tasia. There are a lot of men whod rather be friends with you instead of having a physical relationship with you.
Oh, yeah? Where are they? She stopped walking and started grinning as if she knew all the answers to questions about men and women and how they got on with each other. Pointing over her shoulder, she said, If you lined up every man Ive ever known who wasnt interested in sleeping with me just for the hell of it, and had each one of them stand single file behind me. There wouldnt be enough men left standing there to cover my ass. That thought was so depressing and yet sounded so funny, they both started chuckling. Nah, Tasia said, theyre all alike.
Come on. You really dont believe that.
I do. I dont want to, but I do. Id give anything to find one man whod be willing to spend the rest of his life with me. I thought Zach was that man. Shaking her blonde head, she looked reflective. If theres one thing Ive learned during my short lifetime, its that the only person you can trust is the one who doesnt ask you for anything. Where are all the men like that? Do you know any?
Id like to believe that I do.
Tasia smiled. Well, you keep on thinking positive, Elaine. God shines His light on folks like you. Pausing, she looked disheartened. Sometimes I feel like Hes only shining a flashlight on me. Clouds moved in just then, dulling the sunlight. The shadow on Tasias face made her skin appear coppery and likewise deadened the sparkle of her intensely blue eyes. But, then again, she continued, glancing up into the sky, I guess the batteries have just expired.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Silas sat on the floor of the parlor watching a seven-inch mechanical bull raising and lowering its head, drumming one hoof against the carpet, and then charging into an overturned footstool. It was one of his favorite automatons. He always got them out whenever he needed companionship or felt depressed. And why wouldnt he feel depressed? His father was dead and his mother was close to being arrested for his murder. Living without parents, even bad ones, was a bleak existence.
The mechanical bull put down its head and charged into the cushion again. Thick, stainless steel legs covered with genuine rawhide sounded strained during each movement, the carpet making it more difficult for the toy to walk. But it was a persistent machine, beating the odds with a tic, tic, tic and a whirrrl, and managing to move wherever it wanted to go time after time.
Silas looked up at Tasia, who was sitting nearby on a handmade floral settee, and smiled at her. They had been through a lot together, and the quest wasnt over yet. At least theyd managed to survive the worst of it. Their bond was strong, and knowing what had led them to this point in their lives explained a lot. A gilded cage with a mechanical bird inside was in a niche in the wall behind Tasias head. Prophetically, the cage door had been left open, and the symbol of freedom couldnt have made itself apparent at a more appropriate time.
Marlon finally arrived, slinking down the hall as only he could and coming into the parlor like a man riddled with grief. When he saw Tasia, he practically fell at her feet. My God, Tasia! he said, bending over the arm of the couch she was sitting on to emphasize his fragile condition. His tie wasnt clipped and his suit jacket was open, so the tip of his conservative blue tie rested against the paisley shawl hanging over the arm of her seat. What on earth happened to Carl?
Hes dead.
I know hes dead. What happened to him?
He was beaten and stabbed.
Shaking his wiry head, Marlon seemed truly bereaved by the news. Its horrible, thats all. Just horrible! When did he die?
Around eleven last night, or so Ive been told. The others would know that better than I.
Why? You were with him last night, werent you?
Hesitating, she gave her nails a good look before answering. Her hands were shaking, but that was probably a symptom of substance withdrawal rather than nervousness. At least shed dressed down for the occasion, a pair of brown slacks now covering her able legs. A baggy sweatshirt rounded off her casual look. No, she said, Im not always around when the shit flies, Marlon.
Marlon stood up again, taking offense to her tone. Couldve fooled me, he said, looking down his long nose. His New England brogue was even starting to irritate Elaine.
Well, its easy to fool a fool, she shot back. She always came out on top during these putdown sessions between them, and he shouldve learned a long time ago to give it a rest before she made him look bad.
You were with him, werent you? he asked, not being able to let the conversation rest. Id wanted to take him out for a drink, but he told me he was celebrating with you tonight.
Celebrating what?
My promotion.
What promotion?
Sticking his chest out as far as it would go, he said, Im second banana. Even Silas looked up to see if Marlon was joking. Funny, but he didnt seem to be.
Stop hallucinating, Tasia said.
Didnt Carl tell you about it?
He didnt tell me anything.
So you were with him last night. I guess he forgot to tell you.
We were in the same house, but we werent together.
Oh, come on. Carl told me.
I dont give a damn what he told you! Besides, its none of your business who I was with.
Being secretive, huh? he said. Afraid that if the police find out about you two, then youd be a suspect? Nodding, he started shaking his finger at her as if he were onto something. All right, have it your way. The way you carry on, I guess you couldve been with any man in the county last night, am I right?
Any man but you, Marlon. She cut her bloodshot eyes away from his and watched Silas play with the bull automaton again. And the day you get a promotion, the blessed saints will declare me virginal once again and Ill eat a whole bowl of crow.
Frowning because he couldnt think of a clever riposte fast enough, he turned away from her and said, Does anybody know whats going on around here? My whole world is crumbling!
The police are trying to figure out who killed Dad, Silas said. Its not obvious yet whos responsible.
Well, thats just swell, he said for no particular reason. While the authorities are scratching their heads and pretending to do their jobs, I could save them the trouble.
Oh, really? Tasia said. Did you murder him?
No, but Id bet everything Ive got that Nicolette did.
Nicolette? Are you kidding me?
No, Im not, he said emphatically. I know her for the sniveling, conniving wretch she is! She killed Carl just as sure as Im standing here.
You cant be serious, Tasia said, shaking her head. Nicolette wouldnt kill anybody.
A lot you know about human nature. And you know even less about business.
Well, youre right about that, Tasia admitted, raising her hands. But at this point, half the house had a good reason to kill Carl, so that puts us back to square one. Besides, everybody knows about the grudge you have against Nicolette. The two of you have been vying for the same position for years.
True, but as I said, the boss decided yesterday who was going to fill the position of second seater. He paused as if to stress the point. And that would be me.
A statement like that drew Silass attention again, and this time his mechanical bull reared its head to a quizzical halt right in front of a walnut tagre.
Carl would never let a bumbling idiot like you run things, Tasia told him.
Oh yes, he would, Marlon said, not realizing that hed just called himself an idiot.
Have you taken a hit?
I beg your pardon?
I asked if youve hit the main line? Are you cranking up? Joy-popping, like I wish I was doing at this moment?
He looked at her as if she were speaking another language.
Did you tap into my stash? Have you been laying on a reefer, a joint? Are you on drugs, is what Im asking you.
Of course not.
Because there is no way in hell Carl would hand a position with that much authority over to a guy like you. Im sorry. Youre a buffoon, Marlon, and the whole world knows it. Youre one of those people who has to be told what to do on a daily basis. There isnt an innovative bone in your entire body.
Marlon raised his square chin up as if proud of what hed accomplished. If you dont believe me, ask Katerina. Every face in the room looked baffled. She took the notes. Ask her.
Why would Dad do that, I wonder? Silas said, staring at Tasia.
He wouldnt do that, she said. I dont care what Kates notes say.
Youre just jealous, thats all, Marlon muttered, plopping himself down on a large round pouffe in the center of the room and crossing his arms and legs. Their criticism of his capabilities offended him, and he decided to sit by himself and stew on it for awhile.
When Nicolettes interrogation by the police was over, she passed by the parlor where they were sitting and appeared absolutely rattled. Elaine had never seen her look so worried. But then again, everybody looked a bit shaken after going a round or two with Connery and Slye. Nicolette glanced inside the room as she passed by but never bothered to stop. Perhaps seeing Marlon sitting there provided her with the inspiration she needed to keep her feet moving.
Now shes got the right idea, Tasia said, watching Nicolette as she disappeared behind a pair of leaded glass door panels decorated with curvilinear floral designs. Get the hell out of here and dont look back.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Lois gave everyone the day off because, as she put it, it was hard to get anything done with the police traipsing all over and getting into everything. Elaine could tell that Lois was afraid that another piece of circumstantial evidence might send her flying downtown and into the next available jail cell.
Close to noon Vic Kastenmeier arose like Lazarus, stumbling into the parlor and scratching his head, his armpits, and other more private parts. When Tasia saw him, she got up and helped him into a red, crushed velvet chair. He plopped himself down with a squint because of the bright sunlight streaming in through the tall, south-facing windows. Threadbare cuffs on his pants rose up as he sat, exposing socks with holes in them. Needless to say he didnt smell very pleasant, either, and his hands were weathered and red. So was his face. The stubble on his chin could quite possibly sand down a piece of plywood. To say he looked like a vagabond wouldve been giving him too much credit, but Tasia doted on him as if he were a king.
Thanks, honey, he told her, taking her by the hand and then holding it for a minute. I guess I had too much to drink last night.
Were you celebrating something? Marlon said, sounding very New England again and very accusatory. His thick, brown eyebrows narrowed above his dark gray eyes.
No, no. I. Vic glanced at the liquor table. Is there any vodka in here, hon?
Tasia looked disappointed in him but said, Yeah, sure. Theres some in the decanter.
Get me a shot, will you? he said, the red in his eyes completely overwhelming the white.
Sure.
Uncle Vic, Silas said, completely ignoring his uncles ill condition, probably by force of habit, could we do it again? How about another one?
Okay. Get me a pencil and a piece of paper, will you, son?
Silas went to an antique table and retrieved a notepad and pencil from one of its little drawers. Bringing the paper over to his uncle, he had to wait until Vic downed that first shot of vodka. His hands trembled worse than Tasias had against the decorative antimacassars on the chairs armrests, and it was a minor miracle that he hadnt spilled any.
Burping once, Vic smiled at Tasia. Would you get me another?
Maybe you should have some breakfast first.
Yes, youre right, of course, he said, and Im sure youve prepared some very wonderful things. But I just need a drink or two to clear my head. He paused to write something down for Silas and then handed the pad back to the boy. Carl said some very upsetting things to me last night, and its just hard for me to get over them. I need a few drinks to help me relax before he and I go at it again.
He smiled so wide it overwhelmed his face, dwarfing the top half of his head like the Cheshire Cats in Alice and Wonderland. All red-complected and glowing, he looked like an elf sitting there. Why, he was redder than Tasia was most days. Wiping his mouth in anticipation, the stubble on his chin scratched white streaks across the back of his battered and weathered hand.
It hadnt occurred to anyone that Vic might not remember that his brother was dead. Tasia knelt down beside his chair and said, Vic, Carl was murdered last night.
Leaning his head against the doily on the back of the chair, at first he looked as if he didnt believe her. Come on, now. Stop fooling. Things havent been easy for you, but thats no reason to wish him dead.
Shes not wishing, Uncle Vic. Somebody killed Dad last night. Dont you remember?
Vic looked more upset by that revelation than anyone had imagined he would. Say it isnt so, he said, lifting his head again and staring at Silas. Please.
What do you know about it, Vic? Tasia asked him at a whisper, glancing over her shoulder to see if the hall was clear of policemen before he answered.
Jerking his head to one side, he stared down at the floor as if trying to remember everything that had transpired between him and his brother the night before. The longcase clock in the family room proclaimed the noon hour with one full verse of taps followed by twelve bongs. I cant recall much. But I do remember arguing with him. He caught me sneaking some drinks from his supply, so he wanted me out of the house. John tossed me out.
You didnt leave, though.
No. After John threw me out, I came back in through a side door. I knew that if I could get past John, then I wouldnt have to leave. John would eventually go out and play poker in the cottage with Sam, and Carl would lock himself inside his office, have a smoke and a glass or two of cognac, and then settle down for the night. I knew no one would find out I was still here until the next day.
Dont tell the police that you and Carl had an argument last night, Tasia whispered to warn her friend. The police are swarming the place, and theyre headhunting.
I cant lie to them.
Why the hell not? Carl lied to us for years. Its only fitting that we send him off with the same courtesy.
There! Silas said, handing the paper back to his uncle. Vic took the pad and examined the boys work.
Perfect! Vic said. A perfect set of balanced equations.
You should make them harder.
Im trying to. Youre just getting so good at it. Pretty soon youll be able to stump me.
At chemistry? Silas said. No way!
Vic chuckled as if pleased by the boys loyalty.
Tell me another fun fact, Uncle.
Well now, let me see. He sat back, rubbing his chin. Because of the earths rotation, he began, a person standing on the equator moves at?
One thousand miles an hour, Silas interjected. Aw, thats too easy.
Theyre all getting too easy for you, my boy.
Lets talk about Einsteins theory, the one we talked about last time.
So now you want to bore these people silly, do you?
Astrophysics isnt boring, Uncle. It keeps me on my toes trying to figure it all out.
Youve studied the recent articles on gravitational lensing, I take it.
Ive tried to understand it, he said, but it isnt easy.
What is gravitational lensing? Elaine asked.
Please, dont get them started, Tasia advised, rolling her eyes away playfully.
Its how light from an object far away is bent by intervening objects, Silas said. A fascinating idea, but its very difficult to understand.
Vic smiled at Elaine. Its a way of calculating the rate of expansion of the universe. Einstein developed the concept almost seventy years before astronomers were able to observe and consequently verify the phenomenon.
Einstein worked on it before completing his general theory of relativity, Silas added. Doing that was like working his theories out backward. Can you imagine that?
No, I cant even begin to imagine something like that, Tasia said, shaking her head as if she couldnt believe where the conversation was going.
I think wed better talk about it later, Silas, Vic said, laughing at the expression on Tasias face. Lets give it a rest.
Would you tell me a story, then?
What would you like to hear?
Tell me again about Caravaggio.
Oh, Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio was a mean man. Why, he even killed a man over the result of a tennis match. But he enjoyed truth, and he always expressed truth in his paintings.
He found truth in art.
Thats right.
People should always tell the truth, no matter what. Even if its the unpopular thing to do. Just like Caravaggio. Isnt that right, Uncle?
Vic stared at him for a moment and then nodded his unkempt head. Thats right, son.
Stay out of this, Silas, Tasia said. You see what kind of trouble your mother is in. You dont want Vic to get into trouble, too, do you?
Were all in trouble until this gets resolved, Silas told her. I think the best thing for all of us to do is to tell the police the truth, no matter how much it hurts.
Silas is right, Vic said. If they ask, Ill tell them square. Tasia looked upset by that, but Vic smiled and held her hand again. Dont worry, Tasia. Theres a distinct possibility that Ill be plastered to the walls again before the police ever find me. But Ill need your help to do that. Letting her go, he added, Get me another drink, and Ill be forever in your debt.
I should bring over the whole decanter, she said.
His face lit up and he gave her the biggest, brightest smile Elaine had ever seen him give to anyone. Now theres an idea! My, but youre a smart girl.
If I were smart, Tasia said, getting up and walking over to the liquor table, I would pour the vodka down the drain.
Ouch! Vic said, intently watching the crystal container in her hand as she brought it closer. Easy does it. Taking the flask she offered, he poured a generous portion into the lowball glass he was holding. He gulped it down about two ounces at a time. God bless you, he said, and then burped long and painfully as he covered his mouth with his hand. Excuse me.
Doctor Victor Kastenmeier, Connery said, sticking his head into the room. Vic turned to see whod mentioned his name. Its good to see you up and about, sir. Would you come with me, please? Id like to ask you some questions.
And you are?
Detective Rein Connery. Im in charge of the investigation into your brothers murder.
I see. Vic glanced up at Tasias worried face and smiled reassuringly. Why, of course, my good man. I always have time for an officer of the law.
Glad to hear it. Connery looked at Marlon. And whats your name, sir?
Marlon McGhee. I worked for Carl Kastenmeier.
Ill want to speak to you as well. Please stick around.
Of course. Anything I can do to help.
Connery nodded and then looked over at Vic as he filled his glass up again. Ready to go?
Yes, Vic said. Its fortuitous that we should meet while Im still sober. He drank to that.
I guess Id better talk fast, then, Connery said, smiling. Would you mind leaving the liquor here until after the interview? Connery took the glass and the decanter out of Vics hands and put them on a small bric-a-brac table. Then he pulled the good doctor up on his feet.
Be careful with him, Tasia warned Connery.
Ill treat him with the same respect as I would show my own father, Connery said.
Be sure that you do, Tasia said, her gaze narrowing at him.
Connery studied Tasias defensive stance with a curiousness usually reserved for someone with strong perceptive abilities, like a social worker or a psychiatrist. Connery was an intelligent man, but then again so was Vic. Alcohol was the equalizing factor as far as Vic was concerned, however, and perhaps that was what Tasia was so afraid of.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Disturbing memories crept back into Elaines mind like maggots feeding on an open wound ever since the police arrived, forcing her to relive things best left forgotten. Staring at the sparkling crystal decanter on a table nearby mesmerized her. Vics being called in for questioning reminded her of the last time Carl had entertained himself at his brothers expense.
**********
Carl burst through the kitchen door with cane in hand, startling Elaine enough to make her jump. Tasia didnt seem at all bothered by Carls dramatic entrance, but of course shed seen it all before. Vic had captured his brothers full attention, and that was good news for everyone else in the room.
Slinking over to the kitchen table like uninvited vermin, Carl snatched the vodka bottle away from his brother and regarded it suspiciously. Who gave this to you? he demanded, looking right at Tasia.
Well, I took the liberty of retrieving that myself, Vic told him, rubbing his mouth and staring at the alcohol as if hed do just about anything to get it back again.
I told you to stay out of my liquors, Carl said, shoving the half-filled bottle right in Tasias face. Put this back where you found it. As she reached out to take the bottle, he held it so tight that she wasnt able to take it out of his hands. That stunt forced her to look at him in an effort to try and figure out his intentions. Body language was a common form of communication between those two. The rest of the world needed Cliffs notes to follow. A lot was going on there, Elaine could see it in their eyes, but the subject was too taboo to mention. Everything that happened between them was a riddle, as if complication was a prerequisite to participate. No one dared to touch that fire for fear of losing a hand.
Finally, Carl allowed Tasia to take the liquor. Everyone knew he had a score to settle with her over her newfound preoccupation with Zach, and it was just a matter of time before he came to collect on the debt. And it seemed as if that time was today.
Yes, sir, Tasia said, turning to leave the room. Stopping short, she almost ran into a man who was standing on the other side of the door. He surprised her at first, but her alarm mellowed after she recognized him. His dark eyes scoured her face like a cleaning pad. If Elaine had been standing where Tasia was right now, his looking that way wouldve scared the hell out of her. But Tasia took it all in stride by saying a very polite, Excuse me,and then electing to walk around him rather than ask him to step aside.
As the mountain of a man came inside the kitchen, he closed the door behind him. At least six-foot-five, his shoulders were muscular and broad, like someone who enjoyed lifting weights. Standing behind the boss with his arms folded, he was almost like Carls shadow: dark, brooding, and about as quiet as a corpse. Elaine observed him carefully, from his curly black hair down to his noteworthy size-seventeen shoes. His features were sharp and his brow narrow, like ones interpretation of the Grim Reaper. The automatic pistol he had tucked under his jacket was his scythe.
This lanky fellow seemed to feed off the evil emanating from Carl. He had to be the John Linton to whom Tasia had referred. It was spooky to realize that a person of Johns size and stature could have gone about so stealthily that shed never even noticed him until this moment. John glanced away from Vic and looked right at her. Catching her staring, he took particular pleasure in playing his mystical ambiance to the hilt. She couldnt look away fast enough.
Carl started pacing, one of his hands tucked inside a pocket while the other held onto a cane, which he pressed hard into the floor as he passed. A grin almost encircled his nose. I have a whole case of vodka for you, he told his brother Vic.
Walking over to the broom closet, Carl pulled out a large crate which held at least twenty bottles. Sitting on top of it and then folding his arms, he watched with sick humor as his brother drooled. Im going to let you have all of this, and you can drink yourself to death if you want to.
Vic snapped to attention as Carl patted the crate rather enticingly. What do I have to do? he asked as he focused on the prize before him.
Carl pointed down at the floor with his cane and said, I want you to crawl for a start.
You mean, you want me to get down on my hands and knees? he asked, his index finger pointing out a trench in the floor.
Thats right.
Glancing over his shoulder at Elaine for a moment, Vic shook his head. No, I dont think so.
There are twenty bottles in here, Vic. Twenty, eighty-proof bottles right here. Carl patted the crate again.
The old drunk thought about that as he rubbed his dry lips. Peering over at Elaine with a face filled with shame, he said, I want her to leave first.
Oh, no, no. I want her to stay. It makes this all more interesting, dont you think?
For some of us, Vic said, managing a bit of humor while in such a mortifying situation. It was obvious that Vic was used to satisfying his brothers insatiable desire to humiliate people, but probably never in front of anyone else besides John. A larger audience seemed to be a new, embarrassing addition to Carls arsenal of tricks.
Crawl over to that young lady and lick the bottom of her shoes, Carl said between bursts of snickering. Even John joined in.
Come on! Im not going to do that.
If you want these bottles, youll do it.
While thinking it over, Vic glanced at Elaine. The temptation mustve been too great, for he fell to his knees and began the trek over to her. He didnt hesitate to grab one of her feet. Staring at her shoe, he finally said, Thank God you keep your shoes well brushed, my dear, as he looked up at her with an unusually dignified smile. Even so, she could see that he was crying. Quickly kissing her shoe, he couldnt seem to stand up fast enough.
Oh, no, no, no! I said the bottom of her shoe!
Come on, Carl, Vic said, a whining, sibling-like quality to his voice this time. Enough is enough!
I said the bottom of her shoe, and I meant it.
Vics usual joviality crumbed, and a glint of anger snuffed out what little self-respect he had left. He seemed willing to do just about anything for alcohol and yet was frustrated by the fact that he had to do it in front of a woman.
For awhile, Vic looked ready to get up and call the whole thing off. Elaine was praying that he would. Instead, he grabbed her foot again and raised it to his lips. If he didnt have the guts to stop this insanity, she sure did. She pulled her foot out of his hands and stepped back. Why dont you kiss Mr. Kastenmeiers shoe? she suggested, looking over at the bosss exuberant visage. Mine isnt available to you, sir.
Let him have your shoe, Carl told her.
No, she said flatly, and then waited for that old standby, Youre fired! to come screaming past those well-formed lips of his. It surprised her when silence ensued instead, followed by a round of laughter.
Not to worry, old chum, Carl told Vic. Ill let you have this crate anyway and everything that goes with it.
Looking suspicious, Vic wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. No fooling? he asked, and so Carl shook his head.
No fooling, old man. He stood away from the bottles as a gesture of goodwill. Vic beat it over to the crate and started tearing it open. It was nailed shut, but he used his hands anyway. Elaine winced when she saw him scratching and clawing at the wood so much that the skin on his hands and arms started ripping and tearing. Some of his fingernails were bent back and bleeding. Splinters dotted the underside of his arms like protruding freckles.
Hey, watch my tiles! Carl said as Vics manhandling of the crate started it reeling across the floor. Let me assist you, dear brother. Carl retrieved a crowbar from the broom closet and peeled off the top of the box. Diving inside, Vic snatched up a bottle in each fist. The old sot looked happy, extremely happy, but soon his trills of joy ceased and his smile faded. Carl watched him carefully, as if studying the innards of a good book.
What the hell? Vic said, looking away from the bottles and staring at his brother as if hed lost his only friend.
Whats wrong? Carl asked, snickering again.
Vic threw the bottles to the floor and they broke into hundreds of pieces. Elaine put her hands up to protect her face from the flying glass. Reaching into the box, he took out another bottle, and then another, and still another, throwing each to the floor one after the other. It didnt take the poor man long to come to one startling conclusion. Theyre all empty!
You didnt think Id waste good liquor on you, did you? Carl said.
Son of a bitch! Vic said, rushing at Carl in an attempt to tackle him. Elaine screamed as she drew back, turning away from the violence.
The sound of scrambling feet, a bloodcurdling thud, and kitchenware clanging against the floor like a hard rain forced her to look again. John, whod been watching from a distance, had wrestled Vic to the floor and was shoving his nose and left cheek flush against the hand-painted broccoli spears on the tiles. Vics nose was bleeding, and his face was being cut by some of the broken glass. He kept saying, Owww! Owww! over and over again. The sound of his voice against the floor seemed to magnify it, hurting Elaines sensitive ears.
Without prompting, Carl stood away from his brother and faced Elaine. She felt so inconsequential, so small with him staring down at her that way. But that was exactly how he wanted her to feel.
As for you he told her, folding his arms and looking quite miffed, I think you should do as youre told in the future, or out you go!
Sir? she said, not really sure of what he was talking about with all that had transpired.
When I tell you to let this vagabond lick the soles of your shoes, by God youd better let him do it! Snatching a spool of red thread from his coat pocket, he ripped off a piece so long, it almost touched the floor. He grabbed Elaines hand and tied the thread around her left index finger. The thread was so tight, she could feel the blood coursing through her veins as it squeezed past the pressure.
Carls annoyed countenance grew smug as he said, Youll wear that thread and like it, or out you go! And Ill take it off when Im good and ready. If you touch it, youre fired! Do I make myself clear? His breath felt hot on her face and smelled stale, smothering what was left of the stench of sweat and Vics strong body odor.
Very clear, sir, she said.
If we ever have this conversation again, youll be out on your ass.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
When Vic stumbled out of the library after talking to the detectives, it looked as if his stomach was more unsettled than before he went in. Tasia met him at the door, taking him by the arm. She looked sick to her stomach as well, but for different reasons. It was starting to become a contest between the two of them as to who was sweating and shaking the most.
Im so sorry they put you through all of that, she said.
No one is spared, Im afraid. Least of all me. While Carlyle was busy making deals, breaking spirits, and cornering markets, his whole world was tumbling down right on top of him. He shook his head. I wasnt even aware of it.
Vic staggered, so Tasia held him tighter and sat him down on a wicker settee in the hallway. After sitting down beside him, she froze as Detective Slye stuck his head out from the library door. It seemed unfair that the hair in his mustache should be thick while the hair on his head was so thin, that every detail of his scalp could be seen. But judging by the size of his girth and by his persistent, respiratory wheeze, that mustve been the least of his worries.
Mr. McGhee, wed like to talk to you now, he said, his mustache twitching in anticipation. Marlon forced himself away from a game of solitaire and trudged solemnly into the room, giving Tasia a dirty look before closing the door behind him.
When Tasia looked at Vic again, she found him staring down at her left hand, which was curled against his sleeve as if it were paralyzed. She couldnt hide it fast enough.
Thats quite a gouge youve got there on your arm, girl, he said, outlining her right wrist with his index finger. Short sleeves dont suit you anymore.
I know.
Maybe you could wear bracelets to hide it.
I dont wear bracelets often, she said. Too clunky.
Well, you should, he said, heaving a sigh. Noting how distressed she seemed about it, he had the wherewithal to put his arm around her and say, Youre still a beautiful woman, and that made her smile. Hey, I could use that drink now.
She got up long enough to fetch the glass of vodka hed left in the parlor. As he finished the drink, he coughed and sputtered from consuming it much too quickly.
Jittery the whole time Vic had been interrogated, Tasia had taken it upon herself to walk from one end of the house to the other, stopping only to watch the library door each time shed passed. It was obvious that she safeguarded her friends with more zeal than she ever would provide for herself. Pulling her hair back into a spur-of-the-moment ponytail, the hairstyle enhanced the roundness of her cheeks and chin, making her look even younger. Too bad her cute face still bore the scars of a hard life. Self-mutilation wasnt the only sign of her inner struggles.
Pausing only after his glass was empty, Vic closed his bloodshot eyes as the liquor burned his throat. Sucking in a breath to cool his mouth, he then looked at Tasia again. I take it Silas wasnt at home when the meeting was going on yesterday, he said.
Yes, he was. Hes sick, Vic. Havent you noticed?
No, I havent. Studying his hands as if he didnt have the courage to look at her and admit hed been stoned out of his mind for the past few days, he shook his matted head again.
Its all right, she said. I understand.
Its easy to understand me, isnt it? I only care about a bottle of booze.
Thats not true. Besides, I know what made him ill. Carl insisted that he go to a lecture at a local university the day before. It lasted eight hours. I think it was called Finance and the Youth of America, or some such shit as that. She shook her head. It made me wanna throw up just hearing about it.
Vic laughed. Carl really tried to shove business down the poor boys throat, didnt he?
Thats putting it mildly. Silas hasnt had a normal day of childhood in seven years. The only time hes ever treated as a child is whenever hes sick. Poor health is a godsend for him.
Thats true enough. Hesitating to stare at her fondly, Vic said, But Silas wasnt the only one who didnt have a normal childhood, was he? It wasnt surprising that she didnt answer his question.
Silas and I used to do lots of fun stuff together, he continued, until his pappy told him that I couldnt hang out with him anymore. I guess I really couldnt blame Carl, what with how I carry on at times. The best thing I can do is drink, but there isnt much of a future in that, is there?
No, there isnt.
Fond memories seemed to be occupying his thoughts, and he looked quite pleased about something. We used to do lots of things together, too, he told her. Just you and me. But not so much anymore.
Shrugging, she tried not to look disappointed. Youve been busy.
Busy drinking.
It doesnt have to be that way.
True, but drinking was the only way I could survive in this place. Its important you understand that.
You did what you had to do, Vic, she said. All of us did. Standing up as if afraid to let him see her emotions skidding out of control, she wiped tears away from both cheeks with her fingertips. Im going out for awhile.
Are you going into town?
No, no. I want to ride one of the horses. It relaxes me, and I need to clear my head.
That sounds like a good idea. You have fun now.
I will.
Before heading off to her room to change, she stopped and stared at Elaine for a moment. She almost seemed surprised to find her standing there. Elaine smiled, but Tasia didnt smile back. The long incision across her neck was almost an undetectable scratch, and despite the scars, her right wrist was as good as new. But her left hand was almost useless, capable of forming a loose fist at best. And yet there she was, announcing an outing on a horse with no one responsible enough to tell her not to do it.
Maybe you shouldnt go riding today, Tasia, Elaine said. I can see youre much too upset for that.
I can handle a horse. What I cant stand is being in this house any longer than necessary. Now if youll excuse me, Im going to grab my riding gear. Tasia walked off and made a point of it not to look back.
CHAPTER NINETEEN
It was refreshing to see Silas outside and taking a walk in the gardens after being so sick for the past few days. Fresh air, a bronchodilator, and antibiotics had done him a world of good.
The views and the multitude of vistas from the decks along the back of the property were breathtaking. Silas seemed determined to cover every inch of it. He followed the brick path beside artful trellises and arbors handcrafted with starburst designs. Those were usually overflowing with roses in the summer. As a matter of fact, during the spring and summer months, blankets of flowers literally covered the lawn, making it look like a beautiful holiday package.
Silas walked past the gleaming white, six-sided gazebo with elegant benches lining the spacious interior. A pair of bickering cupids couldnt divert his attention away from his goal, and that was to reach an elaborate waterfall fifty feet away. Several dozen carp came to the surface to greet him. Kneeling beside the languid pond, he marveled at the series of falls before him. Only the classic lion head fountain with water streaming from its mouth and nostrils seemed angry today. The curved jets of water spilling out made hundreds of air bubbles as they hit the waters surface.
Getting up slowly, Silas crossed a timber bridge to the other side of the pond. Fluted urns, statues, and a stone sundial peppered the grounds, adding a true Victorian flavor as much to the outside as the dcor did on the inside of the manor house. The ferns and foliage plants were greener than Elaine had ever seem them; the boggy soil between the rocks and boulders provided the perfect place for plant life to flourish.
Zach had done a masterful job of shearing the yews this year; the topiary resembled all sorts of magnificent animals. The birdbaths were being occupied by a vast array of eager partakers: goldfinches, cardinals, robins, orioles, chickadees, blue jays, doves, and woodpeckers. Contrary to what Carl had tried to make everyone believe, Zachs talents would be missed and, in Elaines opinion, could never be replicated.
When Silas stopped to rest on a cast iron garden bench before continuing was the first time he seemed tired. Sitting slumped down in his seat, his fingers traced the white daisy motif on the back of the bench.
Eventually Silas came back inside and took the stairs to the second floor sitting room, which led to a small, semicircular balcony on the west side. From there he was able to see the horses grazing out in the pasture and beyond that, the polo field where his father had played many matches with friends and acquaintances. As he sat in one of the white wicker chairs with patterned cushions, he watched the horses enthusiastically. His favorite horse, Absolute Integrity, was there, as was Napoleon, his second best. Integrity was a Morgan horse, radiant, versatile, and very fast on the track. Napoleon was a sleek Arabian with slender yet solid limbs and a delicate head. He was always prancing, being the liveliest of all the horses, and was ready to run anytime a rider felt up to the challenge.
Sam Giles was over in one of the pastures longeing a quarter horse. Around and around the stallion went, getting agitated at times, but still showing a strong sense of obedience. Short and stocky, the animal occasionally protested, but soon fell back to the task at hand. The roan-colored beast reminded Elaine of Detective Slye, that short, cunning, and cocky investigator bent on throwing people off by pretending to be lazy. And once their guard was down, hed let them have the full blast of his law enforcement acumen.
When Elaine stepped out onto the balcony, Silas acknowledged her with a smile. Hi, he said. Hows it going?
Fine, but how are you? she said, taking a seat in a wicker rocker beside him.
Shrugging, he said, Its hard. I want to make Mom feel better, but she doesnt want to talk about it.
You cant really blame her for not wanting to talk, Silas. Its too soon.
Do you think she loved my dad? he asked, almost pleading for the kind of assurances she just couldnt give him.
I cant answer that. Ive only known your parents for a short time, but I would imagine that she did.
He looked disappointed at the noncommittal response, but said, Fair enough, and let it go at that.
When silence ensued, Elaine didnt know what else to say. She stared at the fresh flowers on the white table beside a silver tea set. The purple dome asters from the garden were the only blooms besides the chrysanthemums left now that cooler weather was coming. Along the outside wall of the house was a trellis that still had green vines on it, but they were curling up and browning. Silass coughing brought Elaines thoughts back to him again.
Dads will is going to be read tomorrow. Theres a list of people that Katerina Waltke has asked to be assembled. Shes the executrix, you know.
Thats pretty standard. Everyone whos mentioned in the will should be present for the reading.
There were a couple of names the lawyer emphasized that surprised Mom. I could tell she was surprised.
Whose names?
Tasias and Nicolettes.
Nicolette?
Yes. Evidently Dad has left her with significant control of the business.
What about Marlon and Alex? Wont they have a share in the control of the company?
He shrugged. Theyre good at what they do, but Nicolette is better. Everybody knows that.
Marlon sure doesnt see it that way.
Silas looked at her with a slight grin on his face. Marlon doesnt see much of anything.
So Tasia is also in your fathers will?
Yes, maam.
Does she know it yet?
Everyone on the list knows by now. Dads lawyer called first thing this morning. Besides, Katerina made sure everyone knew.
Where is Tasia?
Shes right over there, he said, pointing toward the pasture beyond the stables. Shes about to put a saddle on Integrity.
Tasia was wearing a pair of black leather boots, show breeches, string gloves, and a hunt cap to protect her head. Elaine watched as she threw an all-purpose saddle onto the horses back. After securing the cinch straps under his belly and making them tight, she grabbed Integritys bridle by the throat latch and then climbed up on his back.
Once mounted, she started the horse off at a slow walk. Stopping him at the gate, she leaned over to open it and then closed it again on her way through. Bringing the horse to a trot, she had a way of making riding look easy, but her nonchalance in the saddle could easily have been mistaken for regarding her personal safety as inconsequential. Elaine was afraid for her at first, realizing the dark days past, but it didnt take long to see that Tasia knew what she was doing. Soon she brought the horse up to a canter, her long, blonde hair drifting in the wind behind her.
Boy, she really knows how to ride, Elaine said. Id never have the guts to encourage a horse to move that fast.
Tasias from Texas, Silas said. She grew up on a horse.
Elaine studied Silass astute fascination as he watched Tasia disappear down the path. Although his cheeks were still pale and dark red circles were under his eyes, he was still a very beautiful child, with his straight, blond hair, blue eyes, and perfect features. Do you know much about Tasias family, Silas?
His relaxed smile crumbled and at first, he looked as if he didnt know where to begin. Yes, I know her family, he said. Why?
I was wondering about her parents. Did they own a ranch?
No, but they had relatives who had plenty of horses.
I know her mother died when she was very young. But her father?
Hes still around, Silas said, standing up. Well, I guess Id better go in. Im starting to feel queasy. Hesitating, he rubbed his stomach as if it was really starting to bother him. If I overdo it, momll kill me. He shuddered after referring to his mother and the word kill in the same sentence. Perhaps he wasnt completely convinced of her innocence after all.
You go in and get some rest, Elaine said, touching the top of his head before letting him pass by. She felt sorry for bringing up such painful memories for the boy, especially when she knew most of the answers anyway. A simple way to apologize was to mother him, which was something he rarely got to experience with his own family.
Did you take your asthma medication today?
Yes. Thanks. He tried to smile, but the effort was futile. Ill see you later.
You bet. She watched him until the thunder of hooves drumming against hard earth drew her attention back to the path Tasia had just taken.
Tasia had Integrity going at top speed now, zipping past the polo field and down an open trail. She was bent down low on the horse, her chin almost touching his neck. The scene wouldve been thrilling if it hadnt been so reminiscent of days not so long ago. It mightve been stretching things a bit, but she almost looked suicidal again, having Integrity jumping over every post, fence, and trough in sight. Just one mistimed step couldve sent her hurling off onto her head.
Elaines heart started beating as fast as Integritys hooves drummed. Tasia slid off the saddle, bringing Elaine racing to the edge of the balcony. Latching tightly onto the balustrade, her knuckles whitened from the pressure. If Tasias body had slipped under the horse, it wouldve killed her for sure.
Instead, as soon as Tasias feet touched the ground, she pushed herself up and rolled back into the saddle again. Her gloved hands never left the reins or the pommel. The instant it took Elaine to realize that Tasia was doing tricks seemed like an eternity. Small wonder why her heart never forgave her previous assessment, nearly pounding its way out of her chest even after her brain had rightly perceived that the danger was over.
Sitting down again in one of the wicker chairs, Elaine put her head back and closed her eyes. Despite having been relatively still for nearly three quarters of an hour, she felt as if shed just finished running a marathon. The low shed plunged herself into after the high of the excitement sent her mind spinning back into the past, remembering the first time she ever saw Tasia truly happy.
**********
It had been a Friday night almost two months ago and everyone was ready to play: Cameron, Elaine, Chloe and her boyfriend Derek, Tasia, and Zach. They all decided to dine out together at a cafe about twenty miles from the estate.
Zach had opened the door to his black and yellow Corvette convertible and had held Tasias hand as she sat down inside. Shed emphasized her sturdy legs before pulling them in, making sure he got a good look at those black, fishnet stockings and matching stiletto heels. Her earrings dangled as low as her hair was piled high. The black clutch bag in her hand seemed to sparkle with fairy dust. Tenderly, Zach gave her a kiss before closing the door.
Quite frankly, Zach and Tasia seemed to have a certain chemistry together which was impossible to ignore. Anyone could see that they liked one another very much, but neither had the time nor the inclination to take their relationship seriously. Perhaps deep-seated thoughts of Carl Kastenmeier lurking in the shadows mightve made them wary of trying to make anything permanent. They were like a couple of kids playing at courtship, with no interest in a future any further in front of them than that very moment.
CHAPTER TWENTY
Tasia stopped galloping Integrity and brought the horse down to a slow walk. She led him over to where Sam was working with the new quarter horse, and they started talking. Her laughter sounded so good even from a distance, and it managed to lift Elaines spirits.
But seeing Marlon driving off in his brown sedan brought Elaines thoughts back to the less positive. As he tried to get through the gate, television and newspaper reporters along with various camera crews surrounded his car. They were trying to make him give a statement. Three vans had the logos of local television stations on them, and two had been sent by cable stations. Numerous unmarked cars were parked on the side of the road.
Marlon kept his windows rolled up and had the good sense to keep his car moving. He managed to get out in one piece, but while the gates were open, every camera out there was trained on Tasia. The flashes were blinding. Most of the cameras were big with massive telephoto lenses, like the ones used courtside during tennis matches. Elaine started to regard Tasia in a new light, as a media plaything and as tabloid fodder. The world couldnt seem to thrive without dirt, and the proof of that gathered just outside the gates.
The intensity of the press agents persistence in trying to get a story sent Elaines mind hurling back into the past. Not being able to forget Carl Kastenmeier for more than thirty minutes at a time, she remembered an argument hed had with Tasia over the time she was beginning to spend with Zach.
**********
After working her tail off that day and then eating out with friends that night, Elaine found herself exhausted by ten and ready for bed. Settling into the kind of sleep bordering on what most people might consider comatose, it took awhile to arouse her when Tasias beeper went off the next morning just before sunrise.
Elaine rolled over and managed to open one eye to check the clock: it was four-fifteen. The beeper was a sound she was beginning to despise because Carl frequently used it to call Tasia into his lair in the middle of the night. Turning on the light and then squinting to lessen the effect, she looked over at Chloes bed and found it empty. She most likely had gone home with Derek. Heather had left for her mothers house yesterday afternoon, as she did every Friday. The only one left besides Elaine was Betty Rhoades, and it was obvious that Betty wasnt budging.
Getting up slowly, Elaine looked at the message displayed on the pager, which was on a nightstand beside Tasias bed. It was short and to the point; COME was the only word illuminated. Betty was beginning to stir, so Elaine waited, hoping she would tell her what to do next.
Where the hell is Tasia? Betty asked, understandably upset. After all, on the weekends was the only time she was allowed to sleep in.
I think she went home with Zach, Elaine explained. She wont be back for hours.
Well, go and see what Mr. Kastenmeier wants, she said, punching her pillow before settling down again. And turn off the damn light!
Slipping on a robe, Elaine doused the light. As she trotted down the stairs and through the kitchen and dining room, she knew how imperative it was for her to get to Carls office as fast as she could. After rushing through the reception area, she knocked on his door.
Come in, he said, and so she did. It was a hair-raising ordeal waiting to see what lay ahead for her on the other side of the door.
Coming in but leaving the door open behind her, she waited for him to tell her what he wanted. Carl was behind the bar and had just finished mixing a couple of drinks. Sangra was Tasias drink of choice, and the blood-red glasses said all there needed to be said about whom hed expected to see coming through the door.
When he saw Elaine standing there instead of Tasia, his smile collapsed. What the hell are you doing here?
Tasia couldnt come, sir.
Why not? Is she ill?
No.
He waited to hear more but when Elaine didnt volunteer anything, he grew angry. Well, why isnt she able to come here herself?
Shes not here, sir.
Where is she? he asked, stepping out from behind the bar and coming closer. It was spooky to see someone who always appeared to be so in control being intoxicated to the point of needing help walking straight. His hair was mussed and his suit jacket was open. Hed celebrated the end of another workday by taking off his tie and unbuttoning his shirt. Looking burnt out and feverish, he was a man whod spent twenty hours working and was now ready to play. The problem was, his favorite toy wasnt available. I asked you where she is!
I dont know where she is, sir.
You all went out together, he said, and it surprised Elaine that he knew that much. Having someone like him spying on them felt creepy. Where were you in such a hurry to run off to?
A cafe, sir.
Carl nodded. Get out, he said and Elaine left, closing the door behind her.
Elaine walked to her quarters and got back into bed. She was tired, but she was too worked up to sleep.
Elaine catnapped until she heard the bedroom door open at seven-ten that morning. When Tasia came into the room, Elaine abandoned the notion of pretending to sleep and sat up in bed, putting her legs over the edge.
Hey, Tasia said, stopping to give her a good look. Whats got you looking so tense?
Mr. Kastenmeier called for you at four oclock. I answered the call, and.
You answered his call? You go, girl!
Come on, Tasia. This is serious. He was really upset when he found out you werent here.
My heart bleeds, she said, taking off the clothes shed worn the night before and tossing them into a hamper. Heading for the shower wearing a beige brassiere and short slip, she didnt seem at all daunted by the predicament she was in.
When she came out of the bathroom, she got into a work uniform and then combed her wet hair. Then she went into the kitchen and started preparing breakfast. Elaine followed her to chat while she worked. They both saw Carl sitting alone at the family table as they came down the stairs, but no greetings were exchanged. He did, however, look up from his newspaper to stare at Tasia until she was out of sight.
By eight thirty, Tasia had finished making breakfast, and Elaine helped her carry the trays over to the serving table on the familys side of the kitchen. They found Carl still sitting at the table but with a different newspaper in his hands. This time he had a copy of The New York Times. The ornate, solid brass gasolier above his head dimmed what darkness was left in his hair, making it appear as if he were wearing a halo. A trick of the light, no doubt.
Beyond the kitchen, a sliding glass door led to a deck outside, which overlooked the vegetable garden. Old-fashioned, iron garden furniture accentuated the country setting, with a cast-iron table painted white and grouped with four matching chairs. Lois and Silas were sitting out there, as if Carl had told them to leave the kitchen. Silas kept looking in, but he couldnt hear what was being said. Sitting with a magazine on interior design, which was almost pressed against her nose, Lois seemed fascinated by the article she was reading. She blended in well with the potted plants on the deck and the ivy growing against the house and along a privacy wall. Little more than an ornament, she was like every other inanimate object in the house. Thank God Silas existed, or there wouldnt be any life in the house at all.
The minute Carl saw Tasia again, he looked up and put the newspaper down. Setting his reading glasses aside, he leaned back in his chair and folded his arms. As she loaded the warmers with food, she never looked at him. It was obvious that she was playing a cat and mouse game with a tiger, and shed soon find out that the odds of winning werent in her favor.
Good morning, Tasia, he said, staring at her and waiting for a response.
Good morning, sir, she said, glancing at him from over her shoulder.
Youre a hard woman to find these days.
Excuse me? she said.
Where were you last night? I buzzed but you werent here.
I went out.
Where did you go?
I had dinner with friends, she said, sounding impatient over having to explain herself.
What friends?
Does it matter?
You came back in Zachary Cutteridges Corvette, he observed. Its black and yellow like a bumblebee. Careful, my dear, or you might get stung.
Thanks for the warning, but I think Ill take my chances.
Were you with him last night?
No, I went to my place to catch up on some things. I just borrowed his car. She looked up from what she was doing with a smile. Elaine stood back, a little afraid of both of them; someone was bound to go for the jugular any minute now.
Carl got up from the table and stood behind Tasia, his right hand braced against one in a long line of Honduran mahogany and mahogany-toned redwood cabinets. Stopping what she was doing as he came near, she turned and faced him. He tried to be intimidating by standing so close, but she didnt seem bothered by his transparent tactics. You know, he began, realizing her stiff upper lip, I was thinking about getting myself a new groundskeeper. What do you think?
Oh, really? she said, knowing full well that keeping the grounds in order was Zachs job. Now why should you want to get someone else?
Zach does shoddy work.
I dont think so. I think hes very good at what he does. Her voice grew lower as she neared the end of that sentence, and she was glaring at him as if she really meant to stress the point. Elaine wondered if she were referring to the landscaping, or to their very intimate date last night.
You think hes good at it, do you?
Stepping even closer, the position she was taking was most unwavering. I sure do, she said, examining what little pain she was able to see on his face. Some was there to be sure, and his demeanor seemed to concede to her upper hand.
He backed off a bit; it was obvious that he didnt like threatening her with ultimatums about the other men in her life. Youre entitled to your opinion, but Im the one who signs his paychecks, after all.
I dont want Zach to lose his job.
Sleeping with you isnt part of his job description. Does he really think Id share you with anyone else?
Going out together was my idea. Zach had nothing to do with it.
Carl gave her an obnoxious, little smirk. Darling, you could never do anything wrong. It has to be his fault.
Why cant our arguments be between us? Why must we drag everyone else into them?
Youve never minded before.
Well, I do now. Please, Carl.
Dont grovel. Its most unbecoming. Groveling is your fathers job, isnt it?
Leave my father out of this!
All right. Lets talk about your new trifle, then.
Dont bother Zach. I promise.
You promise?
She didnt answer; she just bowed her head.
You slept with Zach. You brought him into this, but Ill see to it that he gets the hell out of it. Mr. Cutteridge steps over the line all the time. My line, and I dont like it.
Well, he didnt step alone, Tasia said, being defiant despite losing the battle. She gathered the courage to look at him again. I suppose if you get yourself a new groundskeeper, then you should get yourself a new chef as well.
Carl looked as if he werent used to having anyone speak to him that way, but he managed to keep his temper in check. Tasia mustve been better at keeping him happy than Elaine had realized. No need for that, he said, looking down at one of the warmers and lifting the lid. He examined the food carefully, even picking up a fork and rolling the meat around to look at all the sides. Your fathers condition is very weak.
I told you to leave him out of this! she snapped back.
Accident prone is what Id call him.
Taking another step forward, her voice rose as high as her growing animosity. Dont threaten my family, she said.
He dropped the fork and gave her his undivided attention. Now why would I want to do that? That would be like shooting myself in the foot, wouldnt it?
If you touch my father, Ill kill you! I swear it!
No you wont, he said with more confidence than he shouldve had. You wouldnt have the guts to do something like that.
Wouldnt I?
No, you wouldnt. I know you better than you know yourself. Youre predictable as hell, just like your worthless daddy.
He was important enough to help you build your company. You couldnt have done it without him, and you know it. After a pause, she added, Youre not smart enough to do anything important, Carl.
Considering some legal wrangling? Well before you start, consider this: your father was working for me at the time, in my laboratory. Therefore I own everything he ever produced in that lab. He stuck out his chest, looking more sanctimonious than ever. I owned him, and now I own his daughter. Thats the natural order of things. It was his turn to pause. Youre both so easy to use. Tasias lip quivered.
Carl looked at the food in the warmer again. Uh-oh, he said, look at this. This sausage is much too crispy. Smiling a toothy, in-your-face kind of a smile, his pompous attitude was sickening. We mustnt have you overcooking the food. Pulling a spool of red thread out of his pocket, he snapped off a piece about six inches long. He dangled it in front of her as if making reference to the night before and the good time that didnt happen between them.
Taking her by the hand, he tied the thread around her left middle finger. Remember this? he said. Now Ill take that off tonight. But if I have to go looking for you, itll stay on until hell freezes over!
Tasia winced when he yelled at her, but she didnt fight with him anymore. She seemed too tired to fight. Yes, sir, she said, turning and walking away.
Elaine stared at Carl without realizing it until he looked at her. When she drew his attention, she lowered her eyes and couldnt leave the room fast enough.
As Elaine passed all the fine porcelains on display in glass cabinets, she found Tasia leaning over a sink and weeping in the butlers pantry. Elaine went inside and put an arm around her. Dont cry, Tasia, she whispered.
Tasia turned to her with a sigh. Brushing the tears away, she said, Youre right. No need for that. She looked down at the thread on her finger. No need for this, either, she said, pulling it off.
Dont do that! Think about what youre doing.
I am. He knows Ill be here when he calls me. I always am. Tasia held the thread up to the light and seemed just as entranced by its power as everyone else was. Carl always gets his way, doesnt he?
It doesnt have to be that way, Elaine said, glancing over her shoulder as if to make sure they were alone. Youre not paid to be violated.
Tasia tossed the thread into the garbage can. Oh yes, I am, she said.
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
Tasias face beamed as she got off Integrity and led the horse over to the balcony where Elaine was sitting. When Elaine realized her intention to come over, she got up from the chair and leaned against a corner of the balustrade to greet her.
You must be crazy to ride an animal like that, Elaine said, smiling. My heart was in my throat watching you do some of those stunts.
Why so concerned? If I tumble off, I just get back on again. Tasia pulled off her cap and smiled up at Elaine, squinting from the sun. Perspiration tacked her blonde hair down against her temples, but the rest was pulled back into a ponytail and was thus dry. She sounded winded, but at the same time exhilarated. No big thing.
Elaine considered her with a certain respect. I believe you would get back on again, she said. I didnt think your wrists would be strong enough for some of the tricks you did.
They arent, but I did them anyway. Besides, with the adrenalin rush and the endorphins flowing, I cant feel the pain. Taking off her left glove, she examined her wrist and rubbed it. Not until now, anyway.
The flesh was tearing away from the stitches in her wrist and seeing it made Elaine feel faint. Tasia took out a white handkerchief and sponged up what little blood there was, and put pressure on the wrist for a few minutes. It would take time for Tasia to care enough about herself to stop pulling stunts so detrimental to her health. Old habits were hard to break.
You should wear the splint the doctor gave you for your wrist.
Thats impossible, Elaine. Im using it as a bookmark. If I move it, Ill lose my place.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Pausing, Elaine observed a white, oval-shaped bird dropping on the balcony next to her hand. Now that Mr. Kastenmeier is gone, what are you going to do?
Tasia held the reins and patted Integrity on the neck. When he reared his head, his mane and forelock got swept up by the breeze. Snorting through his nose, the stallion nodded three times. Soon he put his head down again, nuzzling her right side. When this thing blows over, Im getting out of here and never coming back. And I dont have to think twice about that. Integrity hung on to every word, his ears flicking as she spoke.
Elaine nodded. Mr. Kastenmeier put you in his will. I guess he really did care, at least a little.
Hes very family oriented, Tasia said, surprising Elaine. Isnt that a kick in the head?
A man who ignores his wife and son and treats his brother like dirt hardly qualifies as family oriented.
Family means different things to different people, Tasia said with a shrug. Some people have a more distorted view of it than others. Integrity nudged her again, his withers twitching, and that made her smile. Id better get this one back to his stall. Hes had quite a workout today.
As Tasia walked away, Elaine watched her. Her unmistakable glow, despite the obvious withdrawal symptoms, and sound countenance meant that Carls dying was probably the best thing that had ever happened to her. She carried her shoulders back and held her head high; the air actually seemed sweeter. Her good fortune was almost too good to be true. The state of things made her more beautiful than ever; the transformation was a breathtaking thrill for the eye, prompting men from everywhere to dote on her, especially those whod been staked out by the front gate since dawn.
Miss McAvoy! Miss McAvoy! the reporters called almost in unison. Would you like to make a statement?
Tasia kept her eyes forward and faced the stables, never taking her attention away from her goal. She never looked at the gentlemen of the press, not even as a couple of them climbed the gate and then hopped over while armed with video and recording equipment. They held microphones in each fist. Still holding Integrity by the reins, Tasia hastened her pace when she heard them closing in.
Sam soon caught up with her, taking her by the arm and helping her to hurry along. He led her away from the stables and toward his cottage. As soon as they reached it, he took the reins from her hand and allowed her slip into one of the side doors. Closing the door the minute she crossed the threshold, he stayed outside and stood up to the two men rushing across the polo field. Their shouting and quick steps upset Integrity, and he showed this by prancing, pawing, and neighing anxiously. A horse could always smell snakes coming.
When the reporters reached Sam, he had to hold them back. At least the rest of the pack had the good sense not to follow suit. Integrity reared up on his hind legs and pulled away from Sam, and then took off toward the pasture.
Youre trespassing, Sam told them. Get off the property, or Ill call the police.
We just want to hear what Miss McAvoy has to say, one of the young men said. Does she have any idea whod kill such a well-respected man as her guardian Mr. Kastenmeier? Any idea at all?
Sam shook his head; he seemed fed up with people asking him to tell the story over and over again.
What are the police saying? the other guy said. Was Carl killed by somebody he knew, or did someone break into the house? Was anything stolen?
We want to know how Ms. McAvoy feels about losing the man who took her in as a child and raised her, the first reporter said, shoving a microphone into Sams face. She must be devastated.
Sam pushed the microphone away and grabbed the man by the collar when he tried to sneak past and open the cottage door. For a small man, Sam was pretty tough. Taking particular pleasure in shoving the reporter hard enough to make him stumble backward and drop his tape recorder, he challenged the other guy while his coworker was down. The second fellow wanted no part of a physical confrontation.
As the first guy stood up again and dusted off his pants, he said, All we want to know is how she feels about losing a father figure, thats all. He checked to make sure his tape recorder was still working. We mean no disrespect.
How do you think she feels? Sam asked, resting his hands on his hips. Now get out of here, and Im not going to tell you twice.
Elaine shook her head as she looked on from the balcony; it seemed as though Tasia was merely exchanging the imposing will of one man, Carl, for that of others. The newsmen were starting to have a field day at her expense. It was a wonder if the poor girl would ever be free. The last time Tasia had almost made it away from the madness came back to Elaine as if it had happened yesterday.
**********
When Tasia finally found employment with an affluent family in a neighboring suburb, she gave Lois and Carl two weeks notice. She was ecstatic about leaving until the Huntingtons decided to beg off at the last minute. Obviously Carl had talked them out of hiring her. He took her first step toward independence well, though; he promised to let her have her old job back and didnt offer a single lecture on obedience or retribution. So when she told him to go to hell, he had the audacity to act surprised.
Once stepping out of that massive front door and getting used to it, Tasia never wanted to go back to work for the Kastenmeiers. When the Huntington position fell through, she took a comparably meager job at a Detroit steakhouse instead. The work was hard, the hours were long, and she took an enormous pay cut, but at least she was happy.
Elaine asked if she could tag along when Chloe, Cameron, and Zach decided to go into the city to eat dinner at the restaurant where Tasia worked. Everyone was anxious to see her again; she could always manage to make people feel good without even trying. Chloe had called ahead and told Tasia about their plans to dine at the steakhouse, and she was very excited to hear it. She couldnt wait to see them.
As they walked into the restaurant, they were ushered in right away. After taking their seats, Tasia came from the kitchen and gave them all a warm greeting. Look at y all, she said, speaking to them collectively. Her voice was so jubilant, it actually squeaked. She looked relaxed and well. Thanks for coming tonight.
We cant live without your cooking for long, Chloe said.
How are you doing? Cameron asked her. Hows this place treating you?
Great. I really like it here. Its a lot of work, but hell, Im a lot of woman, arent I?
Cameron smiled and nodded his head. Amen to that. He paused, regarding her affectionately. You look great.
Thanks. She was speaking to Cameron, but she was staring at Zach. He was watching her, too. Finally giving him a coy smile, she said, How are you, honey?
I miss you.
I miss you, too.
Im sorry that I.
Its okay. Its okay, she said. You left me to keep your job. I understand that.
Carl is an ass.
Hey, I agree with you.
We should get together sometime.
Id like that, she told him, but dont jeopardize your job. Youd have to work three times as hard for the same money anywhere else.
Talking about his salary irritated him. Forget the money, he said. No hard feelings?
You know I cant stay mad at you for long. Carl pulls your chain so tight, you cant breathe.
The mans like sap on your fingers. Sometimes you have to shed a layer of skin to get rid of it. But even so, theres one thing he cant change.
Whats that?
How much I love you, Zach said, reaching over and caressing her arm. Sincerity and warmth was written all over his strong, well-sculpted face.
I love you, too, she said with uncharacteristic shyness. She even grew redder. Zach always did that to her.
Listen, she said, addressing everybody, Im going to have one of the girls come over and take your orders. Ill make sure you get the best cuts of beef, you know, the ones reserved for councilmen. But lets keep that between you and me, all right?
I hear you, Cameron said, nodding his head.
You got it, honey, Zach said, putting his hand on her hip before letting her go.
Bring it over, Chloe retorted. Well eat it, I promise you. Thanks, Tasia.
All right now, she said. Ill see y all later.
Later, Chloe said, watching her walk away with a smile. Shes just too good to us.
Were just not used to kindness, thats all, Zach said. And thats what I love best about her.
A waitress soon came and took their orders. After Tasias last declaration, everyone wanted steak and potatoes. Salads and hot rolls were the first to come, and the waitress who served them treated them like dignitaries. The restaurant wasnt very crowded, at least not where they were sitting, so they felt free to be rowdy and loud.
It was a rustic, out west kind of place, with everything from steer horns to different types of saddle rigs on display. Authentic, sepia-colored copies of tintypes of cowboys at roundups, eating at chuck wagons, and roping steer could be seen on the walls from every angle. Cowboy cuisine was available as the specials for each day of the week, like tournedos chanterelle with chanterelle sauce on Mondays, and son of a gun stew on Fridays. Sourdough biscuits and spinach pudding could be had on any day. Elaine took special interest in the cartridge belts over by the sarsaparilla dispensers, and the spurs with the fancy jingle bobs dangling right above her head.
Everything was great: the mood was perfect, the food was very tasty, and the conversation was invigorating until Carl Kastenmeier walked through the front door. Elaine spotted him first, tugging on Chloes sleeve to send out the warning.
Whats up? Chloe asked, taking another bite from the hot buttered roll resting beside her plate.
Mr. Kastenmeier just came in, Elaine said. Chloe nearly choked on the bread in her mouth. I swear! Hes right behind you. Chloe started to look, but Elaine grabbed her arm and said, Dont turn around! Hes watching us.
Well, isnt this just peachy, Cameron said, looking toward the door. It is him! Cameron let his fork drop down to his plate. If anybody invites him to join us, Im leaving. I mean it! I refuse to break bread with that son of a bitch! Carl started over, so Cameron leaned back in his chair and threw his napkin on the table. Here he comes! he said.
Carl looked out of place in a restaurant emphasizing crease styles for Stetsons rather than a rare wine selection. Crepes suzette and caviar were more his style. A little steak and French fry joint didnt seem to be the kind of establishment hed patronize, yet there he was. As usual, he was dressed in a three-piece suit, with a matching tie and dark blue shoes. His expensive clothes and polished appearance made him look very dashing. To say he was a handsome man with a world of wonderful things to offer someone wouldnt have been far from the truth. Why, if they hadnt known him so well, he wouldve seemed like a magnificent catch for some lucky girl.
Hello, Carl said as he finally reached them, resting one hand against the back of Chloes chair while the other held fast to his griffin-head cane. Hows the food?
Great, Elaine said, glancing at Chloe.
I came to give it a try, he said, staring at Cameron, probably because hed started fidgeting. May I join you? No one answered right away.
Sure, Chloe said, receiving dirty looks from Cameron for her trouble. Well have to ask for another chair, though.
No, no, Cameron said, drinking the last of his red wine and then standing up. He can have mine. I was just leaving.
I dont want to chase you out of your seat, old man.
Thats quite all right. I have to be in Fort Wayne tomorrow morning. I get the kids this weekend, and I dont want to be late. Good night, everyone.
Good night, Cameron, Chloe said. She mustve felt bad about inviting Carl to join them, but somebody had to. He did ask to sit with them, and it wouldve been rude to say no.
Carl hooked his cane over the back of the chair and then sat down, rubbing his clean-shaven chin as he looked around. The face of his very complex-looking Rolex watch gleamed with every flick of his wrist. Rumor had it that the watch was only one of twelve ever made, and it was worth about eighty-five thousand dollars. His aftershave lotion soothed Elaines nostrils; the boss had to be the best-smelling man on the planet. Smelling goodso Lois and Carl had something in common after all.
Carl didnt seem eager to socialize; he looked like a jealous man. Everyone knew that Zach was the love of Tasias life, and the boss was no exception. A waitress came over to the table and Carl drew her attention by raising his hand. Please bring me a steak and lobster tails with all the trimmings, he said.
And how would you like the steak prepared, sir? she asked.
Bloody.
Garden or Caesar salad?
Caesar salad, please.
Very good, sir, she said, and then started to leave.
Theres a five hundred dollar tip in it if you can coax the cook to come out for a few minutes, Carl added, and that, understandably, made the waitress stop and take notice. She turned around, smiling.
Tasia McAvoy? she asked, and Carl fondled his chin with a grin on his face.
Who else? Certainly not that big lummox youve got back there who doesnt know a dash from a fistful!
The waitress giggled. Ill see what I can do, sir, she said, and then sashayed away from the table. It seemed to be all in good fun and all for Carls benefit. Her effort made him chuckle.
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
Would you like to make a statement? a man asked, so Elaine stopped daydreaming and looked down to see whod spoken. One of the local reporters was standing in front of the first floor veranda below the balcony where she was sitting. Hed interrupted her thoughts, but she didnt mind. He gazed up at her as if his job depended on getting his hands on the kind of information none of his colleagues had.
Excuse me? she said.
I was wondering if youd like to make a statement, he repeated.
Elaine laughed a little. Youre confusing me with somebody important. Im just a maid.
You live here, though. You must know whats going on.
I dont. So, if youll excuse me. She stood up to leave.
Maam, please wait, he said. Could you explain some old news to me?
Elaine stopped and looked at him again, for the first time considering him as a working man with a family to feed. His thick, black-rimmed glasses and slicked back hair made him look ordinary, and his cheap, polyester suit suggested that he lived on her side of the tracks. Staring at the creases hed gotten on the front of his jacket from sitting, she felt as if there was no harm in hearing him out.
What do you want to know?
Why did Anastasia McAvoy try to commit suicide, and does that have anything to do with Carl Kastenmeiers murder?
Elaine didnt say anything.
The people in this community have a right to know why someone they admired and respected got killed. Carl Kastenmeier did a lot for this city. He paused to study the rise he was starting to get out of her. Was his murder a crime of passion?
Im afraid this conversations over, Elaine said, turning to leave.
Wait, wait, he said. Please, miss.
She turned to him again, but this time he didnt look as innocent as he had before. What is it? she said.
Tell me why Miss McAvoy took that job downtown. And more than that, why did she come back here to work after only five weeks? Did she and Mr. Kastenmeier have a falling out?
Im afraid youll have to ask her about that.
Are the rumors true? Were they lovers?
Elaine froze, staring at the man. I wouldnt know, she finally said, and that made him crack a smile. It was a devious one, nevertheless.
I can tell you know all about it, he said, using his index finger to push up his glasses. I can see it in your eyes.
Too bad you cant quote eye contact and innuendo, she said. So I guess youre shit out of luck.
My boss would be willing to pay you, if he can use what you have to say.
Sam came up behind the man and grabbed him by the scruff of the neck. Okay, buddy, get going.
I was just talking.
Well, your time is up. Whats it going to be? Do you leave now or spend the night in jail?
Take your hands off me! he said. Ive got rights, you know.
You sure do, Officer Blanchard said, coming out onto the balcony and standing beside Elaine. Sam let the man go, but he certainly didnt want to. And these folks have rights, too. Like the right not to be harassed. They put that gate up for a reason, son.
The reporter frowned defiantly at the policeman; he didnt budge an inch.
Blanchard paused, folding his arms in front of his uniformed chest and wrinkling his brow. If I have to come down there to make my point, Ill haul your butt downtown, press or no. Its your choice.
Well, could you at least have them open the gate for me? he asked.
Climb back over it the way you came in, Officer Blanchard said. And if I see heel marks from your shoes, or any scratches or scrapes at all on that gate, your employer will be sent the bill.
The reporter scowled at Elaine as if shed set him up, and then walked off toward the gate in a huff. It was difficult to say why, but her thoughts went spinning off again to that night at the restaurant. Perhaps the reporters pointed question about Tasias temporary change of employment rehashed the old memory once again.
**********
Everyone fell silent for a time; it was obvious that the only reason Carl Kastenmeier stopped by was to see Tasia. He was too preoccupied with whether or not she would be coming out of the kitchen to be very sociable. The waitress brought his food to him, but he didnt eat much; he didnt seem hungry at all.
No one was more surprised than Carl to see Tasia walk over to the table after one tortuous hour of waiting. Their waitress had probably been badgering her about that five-hundred-dollar tip, and so to stay in her coworkers good graces, she emerged from the kitchen frayed from the hard work but as beautiful as ever. Carl stood up as she came near, and his suave, chivalrous moves left Zach staring up at them both with a dumb expression on his face. Zach soon decided that it was best to follow suit and stand up as well before somebody noticed his tarnished social amenities.
Tasia, youve been missed!
Hello, Carl, she said, sounding unusually warm toward him. It was as if the time shed spent away from him had done her a world of good. Howve you been?
Carl leaned against the table with a sigh, putting a hand on his stomach as if he didnt feel well. Just terrible, he said. I want you to come back to the house. Ill double your previous salary.
She glanced at Chloe for a moment. Well, thats awful tempting, but I think Ill pass. I like it here.
Ill triple your salary, he said, and Tasia looked at him as if he were joking. When she realized he was serious, she shook her head with a smile.
You cant have me earning more than the president of the United States! she said. Im only a cook and not a very experienced one at that.
Youre more than a cook to me, he said, and looked at her with the most despondent eyes Elaine had ever seen. He seemed sincere, so much so that it was easy to see how a woman as vulnerable as Tasia was could fall for his lines.
Tasias smile faded as she showed compassion for his situation. You know, there are lots of women whod jump at the chance to be a favorite of yours.
Glancing around the table, he acted as if the conversation was starting to embarrass him. He impressed Elaine as being the kind of man who never had to beg for anything, but there he was begging her to come home.
I know Lois would love to have you back, she said.
I never wanted Lois. Never.
Tasia raised her hands, asking him to stop right there. We had some fun times, but its over. Please dont come back here. Ive got a new life now, and I like it.
Carl held his hands up as if to taunt her, then rested one starched and neatly pressed cuff against his hip. He seemed excited, like a kid with a handful of candy. I spoke to your boss last week.
Carl, you didnt!
Nodding, he tried to look as innocent as he could. Yes, I did. I had to tell him how unhappy it makes me to see you working here. Her tenseness made his excitement grow. I bought this building, Tasia. Your boss rents from me now. Currently hes able to make the payments, but who knows what the future might bring? Right now he considers you an asset, but he might be convinced otherwise.
And youd see to that, right?
You can only grill so many steaks a day, honey. And one man can only handle so many rent hikes.
Is that what youre planning to do if I dont come back? Increase Mr. Dalmasios rent so much that he wont be able to afford to stay in business anymore?
Im promising you that there will be trouble if you dont set things right between us. What do I care if that dago bastard loses his shirt?
Tasia snatched herself around and stormed back into the kitchen. Zach sat down again, looking miffed but having the good sense not to say anything. Everyone had long since stopped eating; they were looking at one another as if making bets on who would be the next to make a run for it.
Carl was still standing, so it was easy for him to summon a waitress passing by. Excuse me, miss, he said. Id like the check, please. Im paying for everyone. The waitress acknowledged him by raising her hand; she finished what shed been doing and then left to accommodate him.
You dont have to pay for us, Mr. Kastenmeier, Zach said. I can cover it.
Glowering at Zach after sitting down, Carl used his hands to straighten his suit jacket and tie. I thought you were all going dutch, he concluded, cutting his eyes away from Zach and addressing the women. A bum like you surely doesnt have much money.
I have money, Zach said.
Tasia really thinks youre something, Carl continued. But shes young and is unable to recognize a loser when she sees one. And thats exactly what you are.
Against all good sense, Zach couldnt seem to resist taking a bite of his own. You know, a formfitting shirt, a custom-made suit, and a pair of seven hundred dollar shoes doesnt leave one exempt from flaws, Zach concluded, pausing to take a sip of wine. A losers still a loser no matter how much money he has.
Is that so? Carl said. Well, I admit that looks can be deceiving. One day things look like this, and the next they look like that. Carl used his index finger swaying to-and-fro to emphasize the differences, and then glanced at Zach with a shrug. One day a guy like you can have a job, and the next day he doesnt. And guess what? Today you dont.
Are you firing me?
Thats right. Id wanted to speak slow enough for a moron like you to follow me. He have Zach a toothy smile. I guess I accomplished that.
Oh, I followed you just fine, Zach said. Asshole. Zach didnt seem to appreciate a conversation like that in front of his friends, but he shouldve seen it coming.
Carl raised his eyebrows. At least Im an asshole with a job. He smirked at Zach. And in time, Ill be the asshole who has your woman, too. Now, how do you like that?
The waitress brought the check, and Carl handed her a credit card to pay for it. When you bring that back, Ill write in an extra five hundred dollars just for you, honey, he told the girl, and that revelation put a big smile on her face.
Thank you, sir! she said.
Thank you, sweetheart, he said as he watched her walk away.
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
What did he want? Sam Giles said, as Elaine turned around.
Who? she asked, watching as he approached the balcony from the sitting room.
The reporter, he said, standing next to the chair she was in.
I didnt tell him anything. Dont worry.
Nodding, he slipped both hands into the pockets of his jeans. He looked out over the pasture with a sigh. Ill have to catch Integrity before he starts munching on some bushes and things hes not supposed to. Shaking his head, he knew exactly where to lay the blame. Dumb ass reporters.
Elaine observed him carefully, from his soiled blue jeans, tall, western-style boots and well-worn chaps, to his windblown hair and flaming red neck. What? he said.
Oh, nothing. Its just hard to imagine things getting back to normal, thats all.
Things have never been normal here, at least not in the past fourteen years.
Youve been here so long, youve probably seen it all.
Probably, he agreed. Still, Ive learned to keep out of the world these folks have allowed themselves to live in. Its safer that way. Looking toward the driveway, he noticed the cars parked under the carport. I see Nicolettes Porche is here.
Elaine looked over as well. She left earlier, but it looks like shes come back.
As Elaine finished speaking, Nicolette stepped out onto the veranda below them. After stretching, she put her hands on her hips. Her eyes scanned what little she could see of the newsmen lingering by the gate. A yellow pencil was sticking out of the hair above her right ear, and a pair of bifocals were tucked away in the breast pocket of the brown suit she was wearing.
As she turned away from the balustrade, she paused when she saw Sam and Elaine on the balcony above her. Particularly interested in Sam, she studied him for a long time before nodding and then raising her hand to him. He did the same. Afterward, she folded her arms and went back inside.
You must know Nicolette pretty well, Elaine said. Shes been with the company for, what, ten years?
Ten years, he said, nodding. Yeah, I guess you could say I know her about as well as anybody. Turning to leave, he stopped and said, Just so you know, youd better stay away from the reporters from now on. If Lois sees you talking to one, she might get the wrong idea and fire you for your trouble.
But I havent told them anything.
It doesnt matter, Elaine. If you want to keep your job, stay as far away from those sons of bitches as you can. Lois might take your talking to them the wrong way. Her constitution isnt strong enough to stomach scandal.
Do you have any other advice for me? Ill take all I can get.
He smiled. Not today. I think Ive said too much already. See you later.
Later, Sam.
As he walked over to the glass doors to go back inside the house, Nicolette was waiting for him on the other side. Stopping still when he first saw her, he then stepped inside the sitting room and closed the door behind him. They walked off together with Nicolette doing most of the talking. She certainly had a lot to say. Elaine remembered the last time Nicolette was in a talkative mood. Carl was trying to stick her with extra duties, and she asked him out of it as only she could.
**********
Nicolette Howard wasnt one to appreciate the benefits of being scolded, especially by someone as dubious and immoral as Carl Kastenmeier. Elaine tried to dust the office and at the same time block out the conversation, but Carl was speaking so loudly, it was impossible not to hear him. Carl had so much money, hardworking people came along as often as mosquitoes did on a hot summer night. So consequently he didnt care if he offended some of them every now and then.
I do my job well, Nicolette said. I just dont understand why I have to do everyone elses, too.
As long as you work for me, youll do as I say, Carl said, standing up from his desk and coming around to where she was sitting. He leaned on the edge of the rosewood flat-top and crossed his arms as if he meant business. If I tell you to help Marlon out, then youd damn well better do it!
At the expense of my own responsibilities?
No, of course not. Youd better do both, or Ill hire somebody who will.
Nicolette stood up also, lifting her proud, brown chin. Why dont you do that? Go ahead and fire me and get somebody else to kiss your ass.
Not answering, he seemed unusually calm after being told to find a stranger willing to get personal with his backside.
Ill tell you why you wont get somebody else, she said, looking at Carl defiantly. Im the best there is, and you know it.
If youre the best there is, then why do you stay?
Because youre the best at what you do, and youre teaching me a lot. Ive been dealing with people like you all my life, Carl, yet here I am. She spread her arms out for emphasis. Good as I ever was and ready for more. The only difference is, the hard cases Ive had to deal with in the past are all beneath me now.
Carl looked at her with raised eyebrows. Do you mean beneath you in business acumen, or six feet under the ground?
Either way, if history follows suit, she concluded, well, youll be sure to follow.
Resting his palms flat against the desk, he snickered and then shook his head. Well, I hope youll remember little ol me when youre chairman of the board and CEO of your own multibillion dollar corporation someday.
Smiling, she said, Youll be a memorable footnote, Carl. That assessment made him laugh.
I still want you to help Marlon out. He hesitated. Please. The word please was difficult for him to say, and he stumbled over it as a lawyer might stumble over the words pro bono.
Nicolette took her time giving him an answer. Ill see what I can do, she finally said.
Thanks, he said, pausing to find Elaine staring at them. Rattled the minute he looked at her, Elaine jerked her eyes away and started dusting vigorously.
 Look, Nicolette, Carl began again, forgetting about Elaines eavesdropping and focussing on his most promising protg, Im afraid Ill have to cut Alex loose.
Youll have to replace him, then. I cant do the work of three executives.
I know. Ill put someone in his place.
What about Marlon?
Im not getting rid of Marlon.
Im not asking you to get rid of him, she said. Maybe you could hire on a helper for him. You know, someone whos capable of doing his work, but who is green enough not to realize it. By the time he catches on, hell be out the door just in time for you to bring in a brand new sucker. She paused. Her handsome, ethnic features were glowing because of her pleased countenance. Theyre called interns.
Carl looked delighted by the prospect of that. Nicolette, youre a frigging genius!
Not really. Im just looking out for my own interests, thats all. Youd better be tactful when you tell Alex to hit the road. He can snap rather decisively, and at the drop of a hat. Hell run out of rabbits to sacrifice someday and when he does, he might come looking for you instead.
Thats why I have John. He keeps the crazies a safe distance away from me. I call him my barbed wire fence.
Although nodding, she didnt seem convinced. Alex is a good climber, she said.
Katerina buzzed, so Carl turned away from Nicolette and switched on the telephone speaker. Yes? he said.
Tasia McAvoy is here to see you, sir. Shall I send her in?
Excuse me, Nicolette, he said, snatching up his cane and then bolting for the door. Carl stepped into the reception room and stared at Tasia as if dying for her to be the first to say something. When she didnt, he volunteered.
Its good to see you, Tasia. Im glad youre here.
Ive got to talk to you, Carl.
He shrugged. So talk.
Alone.
Believe me, whatever you have to say wont leave this room.
Tasia glanced at Katerina as if she didnt appreciate the company, then said, Please stop putting the screws to my boss. Moneys tight for him, and youre making it even tighter. He cant afford to play your games. Hell go out of business if you keep it up, and you know it.
Okay, he said, extending his arms in a friendly gesture, Ill stop raising the rent on the guy. Consider it done.
I have your word?
For the time being, yes. Watching her, he acted like an infatuated schoolboy. Tasias hair was pulled back off her neck and was done up quite nicely. Looking rested, her eyes were clearer than they probably had been in years. Good health and Tasia McAvoy were rarely mentioned in the same sentence. But today, she looked well enough to see the boss for who he really was.
You know the deal, though, Carl told her, grinning.
Tasia swallowed hard, biting her lip. Yes, I know it better than anyone. Her face was curiously unemotional, and she stared at him longer than necessary. She acted as if she had lots to tell him, so much she wanted to say, but she held back. See you later, was all she said before turning to leave.
When?
As soon as I can, she said from over her shoulder. The pretty blue, knee-length dress she was wearing was a refreshingly modest change for her. Since shed left Carls influence, she seemed to like herself. Now that things were sliding back to business as usual, there was no telling what would happen.
I need to know when Ill see you again, he shouted after her. Tasia?
She didnt answer.
Dont do this to me, honey.
Still, no answer.
Ill call you tonight, he said. He kept watching her until she was out of sight.
Elaine collected some dirty liquor glasses from the top of the bar as she wiped it down with a cloth. Carl was still staring off in the direction Tasia had just taken. Maybe he didnt love her, but he sure loved to chase her. Once Tasia was back with him, Elaine was afraid that all acts of chivalry would soon die. And perhaps the same could be said for one very dear and restless heart. If Tasia came back, it would probably kill her, too.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
The evening Tasia tried to kill herself had been a painful one, and Elaine hated Detective Connery for making her relive it. She did everything she could to dissuade the young detective from asking the inevitable, but to no avail. Connery was thorough, determined, and the most stubborn man shed ever met. He refused to leave any questions unanswered.
Elaine studied the nails of her left hand, stalling for time. Sighing, she put both hands back on her lap and looked across the desk at his unrelenting face. Connery wasnt taking no for an answer.
Slye was there as well; hed found one of Silass paddles with a rubber ball attached to it and was striking the ball in rapid succession, trying hard to keep it going. The biggest pitfall for him was keeping his stubby fingers out of the balls way. For a klutzy-looking guy, he was doing pretty well. Finally he missed, and so he put the toy down and then sat back in his chair. His weight strained the joints. Elaine was sorry to see his fun come to an end, because now his attention was all hers again.
What could Tasias suicide attempt possibly have to do with Mr. Kastenmeiers being murdered? she asked them.
Connery rested his elbows on the arms of his chair and pressed all ten of his fingers together. Knowing even minor details allows me to understand the people involved and how they relate to one another. He paused, lowering his hands. Im in a houseful of strangers, and I have to get to know everyone fast before this case gets cold. You can help me do that.
Is Tasia a suspect?
Everyone acquainted with Carl Kastenmeier is a potential suspect at this point.
Even me?
Even you, Elaine, Slye said, enjoying the chance to tell her so.
So why should I help you? Why should I implicate myself and my friends just to help you do your job?
Because obstruction of justice is a major offense, Connery said, standing up and walking over to a towering bay window. Pushing aside a red velvet drape, he looked out. If its any consolation, he added, turning away from the window and facing her again, I personally dont consider you or Tasia a suspect.
Elaine was surprised to hear him say that, especially considering Tasias suspicious actions on the night of the murder. You dont?
No, I dont, he said, leaning against a pier table full of bric-a-brac and folding his arms against his chest. Quite frankly, you arent the type to take the law into your own hands. And Tasias wrists are far too weak for her to have lifted a cinder block over her head, let alone beat Carl senseless with a walking stick.
Perhaps more than one person couldve been involved?
Shes got a point, Slye said, gesturing to Elaine in an effort to convince his partner of that possibility.
Anything is possible, but the media do have something right: this was a crime of passion. It has all the signs of being executed by one person. A strategy was planned, and everything was carried out quickly and methodically. Were talking about months of preparation, but just a short time deciding to go through with it.
Are you able to tell if the assailant was a man or a woman?
Now thats harder to say, but Im beginning to think that it couldve been either. Physical evidence suggests that nothing was done by the perpetrator that a strong woman couldnt do.
Right- or left-handed?
Based on the angle of attack on Carls body and some other facts weve established, the killer is definitely right-handed.
Mrs. Kastenmeier is left-handed, Elaine said. So is Zach Cutteridge.
Connery nodded. Whoever killed those men, he or she mustve been a friend of John Lintons.
A friend of Johns? Why do you say that?
The killer obviously had Johns absolute trust. Otherwise, the assailant wouldnt have been able to get close to him. After all, he had an automatic pistol on his body, but it had never been removed from its holster.
Maybe the killer was a woman, then.
Why do you say that?
If the killer had been a woman, her approaching him mightve made him rest easy and drop his guard. John was like that.
Really?
Yes. I mean, he didnt think much of women. And hed never consider one much of a threat.
That was the last mistake he ever made, Slye said, a half-smile on his round face.
Elaine didnt answer. As a matter of fact, she never even looked at Slye; she preferred doing business with his less offensive counterpart.
Connery stood there, scratching his sideburns thoughtfully. Having been up all night and working straight through into the following afternoon, he was in bad need of a shave. Information like what youve been able to give me is going to help me crack this case, he told her. Your cooperation is essential to helping me do that.
She stared into his dark blue eyes until she almost imagined them fading into one, like wisdoms eye. Or like the one-eyed giant looking for a bite to eat in The Odyssey. Regardless, she didnt relish coming face-to-face with either one.
All right, she said, Ill tell you about that night.
The night Tasia slit her wrists?
Yes.
Elaine rested back and cleared her throat. She started from the beginning.
**********
Tasia had been in a down mood ever since Carl forced her to leave the steakhouse and come back to the estate. To say that she was especially depressed the night she decided to take her own life wouldve been an understatement. Elaine had never seen anyone so down before, and prayed she never would again. Tasia hated being back with Carl, and more than that, she hated feeling as if her life wasnt hers anymore.
Fed up and willing to prove it, she went on one of her drug and alcohol binges. A half-empty pitcher of sangra, apple wedges, lemon peels, and orange slices littered the coffee table in the servants lounge. Lines of cocaine had been laid down so neatly they resembled soldiers stripes, and empty, three-ounce bottles of red wine and brandy were scattered everywhere. When abusing drugs didnt kill her, Tasia fell into a deeper depression and by ten that night, she was ready to take a nosedive off one of those magnificent semicircular balconies decorating the place. Everybody saw disaster coming, but theyd seen it all before. Sadly, everyone who knew her was growing apathetic to her pain. Too much of something made most people blind to it, and even Elaine was starting to shut it out.
Before Elaine went to bed that night, she peeked into the lounge at the end of the hall and found Tasia sitting on the sofa, a mixed drink in one hand and a rolled up one hundred dollar bill in the other. There were five lines of cocaine on the end table next to her, and she was bending over to snort another load up her left nostril. All she had on was a white, full-length silk slip, and the basic black stockings she wore had a big hole in the left knee. Maroon lipstick was smeared across her breasts, and a dab of it on her chin added the only color to her face.
After snorting cocaine up one nostril and then the other, she coughed and wiped her nose with the back of her hand. Her body was trembling. Elaine! she said when she noticed her standing in the doorway. How are you?
I should ask you that question.
Me? Hell, Im all right. Sniffling, she wiped her nose again. Cocaine abuse always left her with the symptoms of a cold. The rim of her nostrils and her eyes were red and her lips, dry and pale. Bruises like finger marks were on her right arm, as if someone strong had grabbed her in anger.
I think youre overdoing it with the drugs, Tasia, Elaine said, not being able to think of a more tactful way of putting it.
Tasia smiled; if it hadnt been for her pale complexion and the bags under her eyes the size of paperweights, her expression might have appeared cute. But Tasia wasnt cute anymore. She didnt want to be.
Ah, wait a minute! she said, leaning over and opening the kind of black leather bag a physician carries. She pulled out a hypodermic needle and a vial of white powder. There, she said, scratching her irritated nose with a couple of fingers. Dessert.
What is that?
Gazing at Elaine as if she wasnt hip enough to hold an intelligent conversation, Tasia said, Its heroin. And its as pure as my Irish mother was before she soiled herself by associating with my pathetic father. My boss pays me well, so I can afford the best. Holding up her arms so that they would catch the light, she seemed proud to unveil the track marks already clustered around her most prominent veins.
Are you trying to kill yourself?
Yes, I am. But Ill bungle that up, too, just like everything else in my miserable life. After laughing, she added, See, I feel safer already.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
Elaine paused; it was difficult for her to continue.
Would you like something? Connery asked her. Something to drink?
No, Im fine, she said. I just want to get this over with.
I can understand that. Take your time.
Nodding, she closed her eyes for a minute and drew in a deep breath. She let it out slowly. Im all right now, she said.
Good.
I was worried about Tasia the night she tried to kill herself, but I didnt know how to help her. You see, I have this terrible habit of walking away whenever I feel as if my advice isnt being appreciated. So, once again, I turned my back on the whole messed up situation and went to get some sleep.
**********
The shrill beep, beep, beep from Tasias pager woke Elaine from a restless slumber. Rolling over and raising herself up on one elbow, she turned on a table lamp. Tasias bed hadnt been slept in, and the pager was lying on top of the spread.
Gee willies, Heather Trumble said, sitting up to stretch and yawn. Its my turn to fetch that, aint it, Elaine?
Yes. Tasia doesnt seem to be here, she said, smoothing her hair back and listening to Betty snore through it all.
She was watching David Letterman when I left the lounge. Can you imagine staying up that late on a work night? Heather put her feet inside her fuzzy, pink polyester slippers and grabbed a white robe draped over the headboard. And shes gotta go to the market this morning. Breakfasts at seven.
I dont think shes too concerned about missing breakfast at this point, Elaine said, lying down and stretching an arm over her face. She was pretty upset last night.
Was she? Heather asked, still without a clue. Sometimes Elaine envied her for being able to live in the world for over forty years and not notice any of the ugliness.
Id say so.
Mr. Kastenmeierll be mad when he sees me comin, Heather predicted, not realizing how right she was. Elaine uncovered her eyes when Heather left, closing the bedroom door softly behind her.
Reaching up to turn off the lamp beside her bed, Elaine noticed a light coming from under the bathroom door. Tasia had to be in there. The shower wasnt running; she couldve been soaking in the tub, but that was doubtful. Elaine didnt want to imagine what she was doing. Throwing a sheet up around her neck and trying to go back to sleep was easier than looking for trouble.
For no reason other than curiosity, Elaine couldnt stop staring down at the light coming in from under the bathroom door. Something was wrong, she could almost smell it. And what was that saying about curiosity and the cat? Silence fell over the room like a shroud, perfuming the air with a curious mix of cigarette ash and copper.
Then, as if from nowhere, a low, lumbering murmur could be heard. It was a faint, barely audible sound, a ghoulish suggestion sending chills down her spine. She sat up and listened. The exaggerated acoustics in the bathroom muffled the distinctness of each word spoken. One thing was for sure, though; the voice belonged to Tasia, and she sounded happier than shed been in months.
Sitting up and studying the bathroom light as if nothing else mattered, Elaine wanted to go over and open the door, but her body felt frozen. Just thinking about what could be making Tasia so joyous was disturbing. Perhaps she was high to the point of being delusional. Maybe the alcohol and drugs were killing her. Whatever the reason, nothing good could come from someone in her state of mind sounding so lighthearted and gay after the fiercely destructive night shed had.
Under the door, the tiled floor was illuminated by the fluorescent light inside like a lacquered tabletop. Entranced by it, Elaine found it impossible to turn away. As if by some sordid magic, the beige and white tile seemed to be getting darker with time. Drifting forward, the murky cloud was made brighter by the light. Edging under the door, it started seeping into the coral-colored carpeting on the other side.
Throwing the sheets off and standing up, Elaine turned on the lamp beside her bed. She couldnt stop staring at the floor under the door. Tasia? she said.
When she reached the door, she knocked but no one answered. Tasias contented rambling could still be heard on the other side. Elaine tried the door but it was locked. Knocking louder and shouting this time, she managed to arouse Betty from slumber, but got no response at all from Tasia.
What the hell are you doing? Betty asked, lifting her head. Are you crazy?
Its Tasia. I think shes in trouble.
Heather came back and found Elaine pounding on the bathroom door. What are you doing? she asked, growing alarmed.
Go and get Cameron, Elaine said. Now!
Heather didnt ask any more questions. Running out of the room and into the hallway, she headed for the mens quarters without waiting to be told twice. All of the excitement drove Betty into a sitting position and prompted her to turn on her small reading light.
What the hell is that? Betty asked, pointing to the damp darkness pouring in from under the door.
I think its blood, Elaine said, knocking again. Tasia! Tasia, open the door!
When Cameron came in and saw what was going on, he didnt hesitate. Eerily, he acted as if this had all happened before. He went right to the door and broke it in. The force he used to do so propelled his body forward, and his bare feet landed right in the middle of the blood on the floor. It splashed around him, dotting the bottom of his light blue pajamas. He hadnt bothered to wear the tops, and the thick, black hair on his chest rose and receded with every anxious breath. Oh, my God! was all he said, for hed been the first to see what was inside.
Tasia was sitting on the floor with her back propped up against the toilet bowl. The front of her slip was stained a scarlet red. With both arms down at her sides, the blood had clotted on the right wrist, but it gushed from the left with every heartbeat like water from one of the fountains out on the lawn. Her eyes were closed and her face was as pale as the white wall behind her. Carls favorite straight razor was on the floor beside her, almost engulfed in blood. There were cuts on her neck above the thyroid cartilage, but they didnt seem as bad as the rest of them. A little smile brightened her blood-splattered face.
John Linton came into the bedroom and stood behind them. He shook his head when he saw what had happened. Dumb bitch, he declared, propping one hand against the bathroom doorjamb and being careful not to soil his trousers. Ill tell Carl. When he walked out of the room, Betty settled into the space hed left unoccupied.
Gee, have you ever seen so much blood? Betty said to no one in particular. She started biting on one of her thumbnails.
Get me something to make tourniquets with! Cameron said.
Elaine tore open the closet door and grabbed the first two belts she happened upon. Running back into the bathroom, she slipped on the blood.
Careful, Cameron cautioned, taking one of the belts and wrapping it around Tasias left arm. This ones the worst. My God, her hand looks like its gonna fall off!
Here, Elaine said, giving him the second belt. Snatching it away from her, he tied it around Tasias other arm as fast as he could, and then raised both of her arms over her head and held them there.
Tasia opened her eyes when she realized she was being tended to, and started sobbing. It was a deep, throaty kind of sob, evoking such pathos from Elaine that she felt like crying, too. Dont, she rasped, barely able to breathe. Let me die. Let me die. Let me die.
Call for an ambulance, Cameron said. Hurry up!
Elaine got up but lost her footing before getting very far. She fell on her hands and knees right in the middle of the blood at her feet, dousing herself with a generous portion. By the time she got to the telephone, she had almost as much blood on her as Tasia did.
After making the call, Elaine went back and stood beside Heather and Betty in the doorway. Cameron was still holding Tasias arms above her head.
Just let me die, let me die, Tasia kept repeating over and over again. Her lethargy from blood loss and her constant weeping made her look pathetic. At this point, it wasnt easy to believe that stopping her was the best thing they couldve done for her.
Going back inside the bathroom, Elaine knelt beside her. She took Tasia in her arms and held her tight. After all of the excitement, the low brought a deep, dreary depression, and Elaine wept as well. All Tasia did was stare off into space, mumbling as before. While her head was so close, it was easy to understand what she was saying.
I love you, Daddy, she said breathlessly, before falling limp in Elaines arms. Tasias flaxen, blood-matted hair brushed against Elaines right cheek, tickling it a little.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
Elaine looked from one detective to the other. Retelling that awful night was beginning to wear her down. Tasia told me later at the hospital that she cut her left wrist so deep, she couldnt feel her fingers anymore. Its not much better now. Shes lost about half the use of that hand.
Detective Connery sat back in his chair, nodding his head.
I do feel guilty for not trying to help her when I had the chance. I shouldve talked to her instead of leaving her alone to wallow in self-pity.
But?
But I was tired and didnt want to take the time. Elaine looked remorseful. Being around people who dont seem to care is no excuse for me to act the same way.
You didnt know what to do for her. Id say you were pretty much at a impasse.
I suppose, she said, appreciating his effort to make her feel better.
You mentioned that Tasia used Carls straight razor to cut her wrists, Connery said.
Yes, thats right.
And you also said that you found her in one of the servants bathrooms.
Yes. The one reserved for women.
Carl kept the razor in his office bathroom, right?
Thats right.
So how did she get it? You said she never answered Carls call.
Elaine hesitated, fully understanding Connerys question but not sure if she should answer. Connery seemed to be a decent man and more than that, one that she could trust. She had to trust somebody.
Tasia told me sometime later that shed gone into Mr. Kastenmeiers office to talk to him that night, she said, but he shunned her for being wasted. All the drugs and alcohol were definitely taking their toll. Why, shed been abusing the stuff for three days straight. Betty and I were told to do all the cooking.
Anyway, she continued, Mr. Kastenmeier told Tasia she looked like hell, and that she should go and clean herself up. He was so mad, he pushed her around some, bruising her arms and legs. When she got angry at him for being rough with her, she went into his bathroom, got the razor, and thought about using it on him. But she decided to use it on herself instead.
Connery checked his notes. I had the file on the McAvoy case sent over from downtown. Lab tests confirmed that cocaine, heroin, nicotine, and alcohol had been in Tasias blood the night of her attempted suicide, but when the police checked the house, no drugs were found. All they found was an open pack of cigarettes. Can you explain that?
Carl ordered Betty to clean the room and get rid of the drugs before the police showed up. The doctors at the hospital were so involved with saving Tasias life and reattaching her left hand, they didnt discover the drugs in her bloodstream until several hours after shed been admitted. When the police questioned Carl about the cocaine and heroin, he said he didnt know anything about it. He said she mustve gotten the drugs somewhere else. They checked her apartment and found drugs there, so they stopped bugging him about it. However, he did use his money and influence to keep her out of jail.
Are you suggesting that law enforcement officers had been bribed? Slye asked, looking mean.
I dont know what went on between Mr. Kastenmeier and the law, she told him. All I know is, Tasia never went to jail. Check the file if you dont believe me.
Had she gone anywhere that day, Connery asked, to her own apartment, or anywhere else?
No, Elaine said. It was all just a lie. You see, Mr. Kastenmeier was good at seeing to it that she never wandered but so far away from him on any given day.
Who went to the hospital with her?
Cameron and I did, and Heather went with us. Zach came as soon as he found out what had happened. Mr. Kastenmeier made Betty stay and clean up the place. She flushed all the drugs. Heaving a sigh, she added, If the police had tested that toilet bowl for traces of hard drugs, they wouldve found enough to lock Tasia up for years.
Did Carl go to the hospital?
Yes, and John went with him. Mr. Kastenmeier seemed very upset, actually. Elaine hesitated. He shouldve felt responsible for it, if you ask me.
Connery sat forward in his seat. Youll get no argument from me, he said.
All hell broke loose when Zach showed up. Can you imagine two men coming to blows in the middle of a hospital? John even jumped in. Together, he and Mr. Kastenmeier beat Zach up pretty good.
How was the situation neutralized?
The police came and threw Zach out of the hospital.
And Carl?
She shook her head. They never even touched him. Hes a big contributor, you see. County General will probably name a wing after him someday.
Hes helped out a lot with the police fund as well, Connery admitted. Did the police reprimand John?
No, they didnt.
Did anyone else show up at the hospital?
Staring at Connery for a moment, she didnt know whether to answer or not. Vic Kastenmeier came.
Had he been at the house that night?
No, he found out about it later.
Are he and Tasia close?
Elaine looked down at her hands, stalling for time; she was afraid to be honest with him. Theyre closer than I had thought.
Were they also having an affair?
No, no, she said, rubbing her hands together because they were getting sweaty. Vic was called because Tasia asked for him.
Theyre good friends, then?
Tasia asked Mr. Kastenmeier to call her father, Elaine said, and Vic showed up.
Are you telling me that Vic is Tasias father?
Yes, she said, glancing out of a window. For some reason, she felt embarrassed. Even Detective Slye took an uncommon interest in this information, coming to the edge of his seat and looking like a boy whod just discovered that Tonka toys werent real trucks.
Carl was Tasias uncle, Connery surmised.
Thats right, Elaine said, looking at him again.
Who else knew that?
Shrugging, she raised her hands for a moment. Everybody did except me. She paused. Tasia told me a lot of things about her private life while she was hospitalized.
What things?
That Mr. Kastenmeier had never planned to marry her because they were so closely related. Her getting pregnant was also out of the question because he was afraid the child would be an idiot or deformed or something. Elaine sighed again. The only reason he married Mrs. Kastenmeier was because she bore him a healthy son. I guess he figured she was from good stock. Her father is an astrophysicist and her mother, a physical chemist in Germany. After Silas was born, Mr. Kastenmeier really didnt have any use for her anymore. Still, hed been thoughtful enough to see to it that his son didnt stay a bastard all his life.
Tasia also told me that having an intelligent son was important to Mr. Kastenmeier, Elaine continued, and he measured intelligence by how capable Silas was of memorizing facts. Maybe it was a blessing that Silas had been born a genius. Id hate to imagine what his life wouldve been like had he not been able to live up to Mr. Kastenmeiers expectations.
As smart as he is, I still dont envy him.
Neither do I.
Did Tasia tell you anything else?
Yes. She confided in me that shed gotten pregnant once, but Carl made her have an abortion. He told her he didnt want a moron running his business.
Connery sat back in his chair and put his hands behind his head. He stared up at the fresco on the ceiling and thought about that. Carl must have been a real sweetheart, he said, shaking his head. I wonder why he insisted on taking his niece for a mistress?
Oh, thats easy, Elaine said, and so Connery looked at her again. Tasia told me that he chose her because she was his only niece, and he didnt have any daughters.
Jeez, Slye said, unable to contain his disgust any longer. Shaking his head and furrowing his brow, he tossed his notepad down on his lap and rubbed his hands together. That Carl was a real head case.
Was being related to him a prerequisite for the position? Connery asked, just as surprised as Slye was over the revelation.
Sounds like it to me. But Im afraid only Mr. Kastenmeier couldve answered that for sure.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
Detective Connery paused when a knock came at the library door. It was a gentle rap, quite possibly as meek and as shy as the person on the other side. Elaine was reminded of the approach of the raven in Edgar Allan Poes poem. The Raven had also started off quietly, but the tale certainly ended with a bang.
Come in, Connery said, and then waited as the door eased open.
Silas stepped inside, standing in the doorway. Officer Blanchard said you wanted to see me, sir, he said, glancing at Elaine.
I do, Connery said, getting up and putting another chair in front of the desk. Please, sit down, Silas.
Okay.
You remember Detective Slye?
Yes, he said, gazing at the man as if he found him rather distasteful. Silas always had been a perceptive boy.
Elaine looked from Silas to Connery, not sure about whether to leave or to stay. Would you like to speak to Silas alone? she asked so that there would be no doubt.
If you could, Id hoped youd stay, Connery said. Id like you to hear this conversation.
All right, she said, sitting back. She looked at Silas and smiled, and he managed to return it.
How are you feeling, son? Connery asked him.
Much better. Thanks.
I hear that you diagnosed yourself. Is that right?
Shrugging, he said, It was no big deal. I got these red, pinhead-sized lesions that started spreading all over me, mostly on my chest. I had a fever and my throat was sore. I felt very tired, and I couldnt keep anything down. My symptoms were pretty textbook. You know.
Well, Im glad youre feeling better. Are you up to answering a few questions?
Im up to it, Silas said, raising his chin and appearing extremely attentive. Whatever I can do to help.
Was Tasia McAvoy and your father related?
Silas hesitated, slouching again. Yes, he said.
How so?
My father was her uncle. He paused. She and I are first cousins.
Her last name is McAvoy and not Kastenmeier.
It shouldve been Kastenmeier, but Uncle Vic and Tasias mom Roisin McAvoy never got married.
Her mothers dead?
Yes, she died fourteen years ago from some sort of bacterial infection. The doctors werent able to tell exactly what shed contracted.
I see, Connery said, pausing to jot down some notes. What happened to Tasia after her mother died?
Uncle Vic wanted to take her in, but my father asked the court to allow her to come and stay with him.
Why did your father do that?
He considered Uncle Vic unfit to care for a child. You see, Uncle Vic lived in a slummy part of Detroit, in a row house. He resided in squalor, and Dad convinced the judge that shed be better off staying with him.
How did your mother feel about taking in a child?
My parents werent married then. Tasia came to live with my father six years before my parents ever met. Dad has a house in Texas, and they lived there until my parents got married. Then they moved to Michigan.
Roisin McAvoy lived in Texas?
Yes. Dad thought Tasia would have an easier time adjusting to the new living arrangements if she didnt have to be uprooted to a different state.
How old was Tasia when she came to live with your father?
Silas glanced at Connerys tie before answering. He hunkered down lower in his seat. She was five, he said.
Five, Slye said reflectively, as if he couldnt help himself. Connery looked up at him, telling him to be quiet.
How was your relationship with your father? Connery asked Silas.
It was good.
Good? Connery said.
It was as good as any relationship Dad ever had, Silas qualified.
Tasia had been with him years before you came along. Was there a rivalry between you two?
Biting his lip, Silas said, I guess not.
You guess not? A smart boy like you has to guess?
Silas closed his eyes and looked away for a moment. His pretty blond lashes brushed against his cheeks. He looked at Connery again and said, For awhile there was some animosity between us, but we learned early on that we needed each other. We found out the hard way that our lives were much better working together rather than always being against one another.
How did you feel about your fathers insisting that you memorize information?
I hated it. I mean, what does memorizing a bunch of facts prove, anyway? Even Einstein couldnt make sense of people telling him to do that to prove how intelligent he was.
You memorized facts for your dad even though you hated doing it. Why bother if you didnt want to?
Because I could. It was easy for me, and it made him happy. So why not?
And you thought you could earn his love that way. Isnt that right?
Yes, I guess so.
But no matter what you did, you always felt second best. Second to Tasia.
I was second to her. Everybody was.
Would it help if I told you that she never wanted to be your daddys favorite? She never wanted all of his attention.
I know that, he said, and thats exactly why she got it.
CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
Detective Connery waited until Silas looked up again before giving him a smile. It was obvious that he was trying to comfort the boy without all the hugs and whatnot, and his method seemed to be working.
When you first told me about your dads last business meeting, I was a bit skeptical as to whether it warranted my concern, Connery began. But now Ive come to realize that my skepticism stemmed from the fact that a seven-year-old child was trying to tell me how to run this investigation. He smiled again. Now Ive decided to put my hurt feelings aside and consider what you have to say about it.
What changed your mind?
Connery tapped his chin with a couple of fingers, as if he were debating what to say. Finally he lifted Carls silver walking stick up from behind the desk and said, This did.
Excuse me?
Are you aware that this walking stick has a compartment in the handle?
Yes, I knew that, Silas said. What was in it?
A document.
What document?
Putting the walking stick down, Connery pulled out a sheet of paper from the stack on his desk. This was inside, he said, handing the paper to Silas.
Silas looked at the paper and read it. Elaine even sat forward and started reading too, but she was unable to understand it. The language used was confusing and complicated and lawyer-like, but Silas didnt seem to have any trouble at all deciphering it. This paper names Nicolette Howard as the Executive Vice President of Research and Development at Kast Varnish Enterprises, he said, looking at the detective. I knew Marlon couldnt have been right. He said Dad made him vice president of research during the last meeting.
And Katerina Waltkes minutes verify that your father did make Marlon vice president.
Then whats this? Silas asked, looking confused.
This is the real document.
Why was Dad hiding it?
I believe your father was playing a practical joke on his staff.
Sitting back, Silas looked stunned. A practical joke?
I think your father was trying to ruin somebodys weekend, Connery said. Namely, Nicolette Howards. Connery watched Silass reaction to that. Now consider this, he said, pulling out another paper. Everyone at the meeting agreed that this was the document presented to them yesterday. It looks as if Marlon McGhee is being named vice president of research. But if you read the fine print, youll see that this piece of paper is meaningless.
How so? Elaine asked.
Dad never signed it, Silas said, his brow knitted. The first signature says Victor Kastenmeier. Thats my uncles signature.
Why would Vic sign that? Elaine asked.
For a jigger of booze, a sip of vodka. Who knows? Silas said, then considered the other paper. But the one Dad had stashed away in his cane is signed by him. Hed wanted Nicolette to be second. The real kicker is that Alex Gordetsky witnessed Dads signature on the valid document. Silas shook his head. Alex knew about this hoax all along.
I checked the name badges in the box, Connery told him.
You did? Are there any missing?
Yes, Marlon McGhees badge is missing.
Marlons?
Yes.
Its possible that he couldve killed my father, Detective. I can just feel it.
Well, one things for sure: he was one of the recipients of a practical joke at your dads last meeting. Marlon was led to believe that he was the new vice president of research, and Nicolette was led to believe that the job wasnt hers.
Granted, Connery continued, your father did have a vinyl badge holder in his hand when he died, and there wasnt a card in it. There shouldve been. Weve searched Carls office, his smoking room, and the office bathroom. The card hasnt turned up anywhere. I believe the killer snatched it out of his hands and fled the scene with it.
Silas listened to what Connery had to say, but he was frowning. He obviously didnt agree. If that were the case, then why did the killer take the time to remove the card from the plastic? Why didnt he take the whole thing? Or why didnt he just put it back in the box with the others? No one wouldve been the wiser.
What do you think happened, Silas? Elaine asked him.
I think the killer tried to take the name badge away from my father, but he managed to take the card out and put it in a place where the perpetrator couldnt get at it.
He didnt hide it, Slye interjected. Weve searched every inch of that office and bathroom: up the spigots, down the drains, in the heating vents. We didnt find any card with a name on it. However, we did find a bag of pure cocaine taped to the underside of the bathroom door. Someone in this family is definitely resourceful at hiding things: crack water pipes in a compartment in back of the medicine cabinet and wedged between seat cushions, syringes under loose tiles, enough heroin stashed away to pay off the national debt. All of that was in this house, but no card.
You havent looked everywhere, Silas told him. Otherwise, you wouldve found it.
Well, where would you have us look? Connery asked.
Silas looked at Connery with a no nonsense gaze that added about thirty years to his piddling seven-and-a-half. His demeanor was straightforward, and his countenance that of someone whod been around awhile. Almost as if it shouldve been obvious, he said, He swallowed it.
Connery looked away from Silas and thought about that, rubbing his chin. He swallowed it, he repeated, nodding his head. Well, that should be easy enough to prove. The contents of his stomach are being analyzed as we speak.
If youre hoping to find the piece of card stock in his stomach and be able to read it, then Im afraid youd be wasting your time, Detective.
Hows that? Connery said, looking quite concerned.
Stomach acid is almost as corrosive as the acid in car batteries. Paper, even a thick piece like card stock, would burn and decompose in gastric juices in a very short time.
How do you know this?
Ive studied human anatomy and physiology, sir. My dad made me memorize an entire text. If hed read the same book, he wouldve known that he wouldnt be able to swallow a piece of paper and then have the authorities read it later.
Damn! Connery said, smacking a fist into his palm.
Dont be discouraged, though, Silas said, and so Connery hesitated, giving the boy his full attention.
Whys that?
Only a bozo like me or a medical doctor would know that. Im sure the killer isnt aware of how fast stomach acid can destroy a piece of paper. We could use it to flush him out, especially if he saw my father swallow the paper. Why, right now hes probably wondering about it and squirming in his seat.
Connery smiled and looked over at Slye. Slye was nodding as if he could smell a collar coming anytime now.
Yeah, Connery said. He could probably smell it, too.
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
After speaking with Detective Connery about Tasia, Elaine wandered around the house looking for her. A woman whod suffered as Tasia had for so long had a certain kinship with every other woman in the world. It was a natural and honest connection, a sympathy for those whod been abused, especially as children, and who were fortunate enough to get past all that and live to talk about it.
During her odyssey, Elaine found almost everybody. Lois Kastenmeier and Sam Giles were speaking together over tea in the parlor, lace napkins resting across their laps. Lois had their meeting done up with the works: a traditional Victorian setting with tea sandwiches, pecan tarts, and bonbons. Sam looked out of place amid the trinkets and finery surrounding him. His burly hand wrapped around that tiny teacup looked bizarre, like John Wayne holding a parasol. All Sam needed was a pair of nickers and a bonnet to complete the picture.
Alex, Nicolette, and Marlon stood inside the study with their heads together, chattering away as if their world was about to change forever. Or perhaps they were discussing how much it already had. Alex leaned against the far wall, listening to what Nicolette had to say while flicking a finger against the right side of his neck. That old bunny killer, whod moonlighted as a witness to the most important signature in the companys twenty-year history, had kept mum about Carls deception. What else could he have been keeping tight-lipped about?
Nicolette spoke in whispers, a high note occasionally drifting down the long hallway. Marlon stood beside her, hanging on to every word she said, but it was doubtful if he understood the point she was trying to make. He was chewing on a thumbnail and nodding so vigorously, he resembled one of those dogs with the bobbing head that people used to put in the rear window of their car.
Katerina was in the office helping Detective Slye go through each phase of yesterdays meeting between the managers and the executive officers. A huge fern on a wooden stand behind him made it appear as if spiked horns were sticking out from the top and sides of his head. Betty and Heather were preoccupied with playing pinochle, and Cameron was just coming through the door. Elaine stopped when she saw him walking down the entry hall. Pausing beside an elaborate staircase, he struck a pose as if he were about to have a photograph taken.
Hi, he said, his voice easy and playful. His mood seemed gentle and upbeat, like on those days when he was planning to see his children.
Hello, Cameron.
Ive always wanted to do that, he said, pointing over his shoulder with a smile on his face.
What?
Come over the threshold like a man, instead of sneaking in through the back door like a stray cat. Say, are we still on for Sunday night? he asked her, standing closer.
We are unless I get arrested for murder before then.
Cameron shook his head. Everybody knows that crazy ass Alex Gordetsky slaughtered the poor bastard, just like he did the squirrel a few months back.
It was a rabbit.
A squirrel with a smaller tail, Cameron said, shrugging. Theyre both rodents, so whats the difference?
Rabbits arent rodents. Theyre a close relative.
Cameron stared at her. Man, oh man. Youve been hanging around Silas too long. Youre starting to sound just like him.
Ill take that as a compliment, she said, starting to walk on. He took her by the arm and stood in front of her. Lifting some of her hair, he watched intently as it cascaded down against her cheek.
Im really looking forward to Sunday for more than one reason, he said. Theyll be reading Kastenmeiers will, so Ill find out who my next boss will be. And after that, Ill be taking you out to dinner. He rubbed her arms. A man doesnt have the right to ask for more than that.
Do you think the change in bosses will be something to celebrate?
Listen, anybody else will be better to work for than Carl.
Who do you think will be taking over the company?
Thats easy, he said, looking down at the light green dress she was wearing as if he found it attractive. That little punk Silas. Im taking potshots at him now because come Monday morning, hell probably have me shining his shoes.
I doubt that. Look, Ive got to go, she said.
Talk to you later, he said, letting her go and then watching as she continued down the hall past a bust of Carls great grandfather Aloisius Kastenmeier, which stood in a built-in wall niche.
Eventually Elaine found Tasia sitting beside Zach in an alcove under the back stairs. Her slender legs were resting on top of his, and they were holding hands. It was appropriate that theyd settled on a love seat bedecked with pink and white cabbage roses and quite estranged from the hustle and bustle of the main house. They were absorbed in conversation and when Elaine looked in, she felt bad for interrupting. Despite the distraction, however, Tasia smiled graciously and made her feel welcome.
Come in, Elaine, she said, resting back and holding Zachs hand tight. Freshly cut Amaryllis belladonna placed in a crystal vase were resting in the center of a table, and the seven long candles burning all around them were a warm, romantic touch. All twelve of the lily-like flowers were in full bloom and had been arranged in a brilliant red and white display. Zachs handiwork, no doubt. Mauve hexagonal candles perfumed the room with the smell of cinnamon spice. The slender flames flickered incessantly, but they never died out. That was how Elaine always thought love should be.
I hope Im not disturbing you two.
No, not at all. You might as well be the first to know. Zachs got a landscaping position in upstate New York. He starts in one week.
Thats wonderful, Zach. Congratulations.
Thanks, Elaine. Ill also be working with some art museums in New York City. You know, refurbishing old masterpieces, painting reproductions to sell in gift shops, helping to fill up art show space. That sort of thing.
Sounds exciting.
If I dont mind working long hours, I should make a pretty decent living.
Im sure youll do fine, Elaine said, smiling at them both.
Theres more, Tasia said. As soon as the police allow us to leave, Zach and I are moving to New York together. She glanced at Zach, caressing his arm. Zach has asked me to marry him.
Elaines smile grew as she stepped inside the room. Oh, thats wonderful news. Congratulations, both of you.
Thanks, she said as Elaine came closer and gave her a hug. Tasia held out her hand and showed her a modest yet pretty single set diamond engagement ring. He wanted to give me a big old thing, but I told him that smaller was better.
Its gorgeous, Elaine said, shaking Zachs hand. Im very happy for you.
Anastasia Verena Cutteridge, she said. Sounds nice, doesnt it?
Sure does.
Id asked her several times before to marry me, Zach said. She finally said yes.
Ive always wanted to say yes, she said, staring at him, but I was afraid to. You understand.
Detective Connery has been very nice about my drug problem, Tasia continued. Hes had the drugs and drug paraphernalia taken away, so at least the temptation isnt here anymore. I hate to admit it, but I need the stuff, especially the heroin. I realize that I need professional help to get off it.
I understand.
Besides, if Im going to be a housewife and mother, Id better clean up my act.
Zach squeezed her hand a little tighter; despite Tasias fragile state, there was no doubt that with his strength and all the love he had to give her, shed make it.
Connery said that I wouldnt have to do any jail time if I kept myself clean and entered a live-in drug treatment center. There are a few good ones in New York state, so he says I must check into one after I move and stay there for at least six months.
I think thats a good idea, Elaine said, touching her on the shoulder.
The sixteen hundred hours of community service I volunteered for is to cook dinner at a home for wayward girls five days a week. Its really close to the place where Ill be staying.
Im sure theyll be glad to see you coming once theyve tasted some of your specialties, like Texas chili, homemade soups in tortilla bowls, baby back ribs bathed in barbecue sauce, and fried green tomatoes with bacon.
Yep, Tasia said, smiling. Preparing a meal is definitely my forte. I love a strong presentation. After pausing to enjoy the levity of the moment, she added seriously, Detective Connery also told me to undergo psychiatric treatment. You know, to talk about my suicidal tendencies and the sexual abuse I endured as a child.
I think thats best, Tasia.
Maybe Ill get rid of some of my childhood gripes, like never forgiving my mother for dying and leaving me all alone. For her not loving my father enough to take care of him when he needed her most. She sighed. The guilt I feel over the abortion I had when I was sixteen. Theres a lot I have to talk about.
And you will, Elaine said. You will.
Lois barged into the room and silence fell like humid air on a hot, hot day. Tasia wasnt afraid to look her in the eye, even though the lady of the house was looking quite mean.
Did you murder my husband? Lois asked her straight out, glaring at Tasia. Shear stockings covered Tasias able legs, and she stretched her toes out and wiggled them a little. Zach took his hand away from her thigh, but she grabbed it and put it right back again.
As Tasia stroked his hand, she said, No, but I shouldve killed him years ago.
Why didnt you? If you had, you wouldve saved us both a world of grief.
Its difficult for a kid in kindergarten to raise a weapon, Tasia said. You couldve done something, called somebody, but you never did. You just sat back and watched that man assault me time after time.
Well, what about your father? He never did anything, either.
Daddys a drunk and everybody knows that. He cant even help himself. You couldve helped me get away from Carl, but you were too busy helping yourself to his money and renovating this house as if it really mattered.
Carl ruined my dancing career. I didnt have anything substantial to fall back on, and Im sure I still dont. We both know he didnt leave me anything in his will. Lois regarded every piece of furniture in the room fondly. The cabbage rose wallpaper repeating the pattern of the love seat brightened the corner. An antique tagre housed a multitude of her fine collectibles, mementos shed picked up during her travels across Europe. Discovering another woman in her husbands life prompted her to travel as a hobby after Silas was born, to run away as it were. Once every noteworthy spot on the globe had been visited, shed come back home after two years and concentrated on interior decorating. A raft of nannies cared for Silas in the meantime; she never really got to know him at all.
Lois ran her fingers over the ornate lamp beside her; it was carved to resemble an eagle landing on a rock. Four years shed spent doting on this house so that the pain of a loveless marriage wouldnt haunt her for the rest of her life. You and I both know that Carl has given you the power to kick me out of here if you feel like it. She looked at Tasia again. Id like to know now if you want me leave, or if its all right for me to stay.
Im sure Carl didnt leave me anything of importance.
Putting a hand against her breast, Lois burst into laughter. It was lamentable laughter, nevertheless. You knew Carl better than anyone else, my dear. He never wanted me to feel comfortable here. This was never my home. Thats what the prenuptial agreement was all about, wasnt it? Id gotten myself pregnant and was an embarrassment to my family. I had to sign the papers, or else he never would have married me.
This house belongs to you and Silas. I dont care what the will says. Id never do anything to keep you out of your rightful place.
Lois looked relieved to hear her say that, and she bowed her head for a moment. Thank you, she said, and then left the room. Zach didnt look impressed by her noble speech.
If she were in control, shed kick you out of here in a heartbeat, Zach told Tasia. You know that.
Yes, I do. Tasia took his hand and put it against her cheek. As she held it there, she closed her eyes and said, Thats the difference between her and me.
CHAPTER THIRTY
It was nearly eight in the evening when Detective Connery and his men packed up their things and left the residence. Theyd taken pictures, asked questions, and poked around all day long. Carls office was still locked up and cordoned off, a police ribbon flanking every appropriate door and warning people not to enter.
Tasia made a very tasty east Texas favorite, crayfish touffe and shrimp over white rice, mixed green salads, and French bread. Dessert was shortcake with mixed berries and cream, and was waiting for everyone on the sideboard. For the first time ever, the owners and the hired help sat around the twelve-foot, antique dining table and ate together: Lois, Silas, and Vic; Cameron, Sam, Zach, and Tasia; Elaine, Betty, and Heather. Everyone looked exhausted, but that didnt stop them from gobbling dinner down in record time.
Elaine was interested in everything in the room, from the crystal and brass chandelier with etched-glass globes hanging overhead, to the elaborate Voysey table rug under her feet. After all, things looked different while relaxing in a room as opposed to cleaning it. There was a huge, rosewood and satinwood Gothic Revival secretary to her left, and a rosewood sideboard on the right. The ceiling was coffered and had a center dome; shed never really looked at it before, but it was a breathtaking sight.
Surprisingly, Lois had asked for her best china to be used, along with fancy crystal stemware for the water and wine they were drinking. A beautiful brass candelabrum was in the center of the glowing walnut table, and Betty had cut some chrysanthemums from the garden before sunset and put them in vases surrounding the centerpiece. Behind Elaine was the door to the kitchen, and on the wall hung a portrait of Silass favorite horse, Absolute Integrity. Zach and Cameron had started a fire in the fireplace beside the table. It was draped in lam and lace, and the firewood inside crackled and snapped invitingly. Cameron paused every so often to add more wood to keep it going.
Elaine was fine until she glanced down at her plate and found a four-inch, red swamp crayfish gazing at her. Pushing aside those beady eyes, long slender tentacles, and thick pincers, she felt much better having a face-off with the creatures rump. It was more enjoyable for her to fill up on the shrimp and rice on the side, even though that had been doused in Cajun spices. Frequent gulps of water was the only solution to the problem. Taking another bite and looking up, she found Tasia staring at her with a smile on her face; Tasia could almost read her mind.
Camerons fork banging against his plate drew Tasias attention. No, no, she said, reaching over to help him. Most of the meat is in the crayfishs tail. You can use scissors to take the meat out, but thats not necessary. Sliding his plate closer to her, she twisted and pulled the crayfishs tail away from its head. Then she pinched the end of the tail. You pull off the flipper as you remove the vein, like this. See?
Yeah, he said, intently watching the black vein slip out.
You can suck the juices out of the head.
He looked at her as if he didnt want any part of that, and she laughed.
Pinch the tail on both sides until you feel a crunch.
He did.
Use a towel to pull away the shells on each side of the tail until the meat pops out.
Holding a cotton towel, he did as hed been instructed. After the meat was exposed, he said, Voil!
Go ahead and try it.
Picking up the meat with a fork and sampling the delicacy, a smile lingered on his glistening lips. Not bad, he said, biting off a bunch more. The meat is so sweet, and it practically melts in your mouth.
You cant call yourself a Texan until you know how to prepare crayfish, Tasia said, nodding. Despite not feeling quite well because of the drugs shed stopped taking, Tasia seemed at peace and very contented.
After Tasias instruction, the conversation was sparse if any at all. By now everyone was pretty much tired of talking. Being scrutinized and interrogated by the police, whether a so-called friend or foe, could be extremely taxing. Someone would be accused of Carls murder and if Slye had his way, one of the people sitting at this very table would already be in the slammer.
Sitting across from Vic, Tasia watched him with much concern on her face. Vic glanced up and caught her looking at him and gave her his best smile. Dinner is delicious, he told her, wiping his mouth and chin with his hand instead of using the white cotton napkin beside his plate. But would you be a dear and fetch some more wine? These four bottles seem to be empty.
Tasia looked at some of the other people gathered at the table and said, I was hoping four bottles of melon-flavored Chenin Blanc would be enough for all of us.
Anyone else would have been self-conscious after laughing with a snort, but not ol Vic. Four bottles of wine are more like an appetizer, something to be consumed before the real food comes. Looking at Cameron, Sam, and then Zach as he lifted his very tall and very empty wine glass, he said, What do you boys think? More spirits would really hit the spot, wouldnt it?
There are thousands of bottles in the wine cellar, Cameron said, his bass voice rolling over every word. Tasia gave him a dirty look as if to try and tell him to mind his own business. Even when he noticed, he didnt seem afraid to add, Weve got burgundies, sherries, ports, bordeaux, madeiras. You name it, its down there.
Vic pushed his chair out from the table, and the sound of the legs bypassing the Voysey rug and scraping against the hardwood floor almost brought tears to Loiss eyes. Hows about giving me the key, Tasia, and Ill go down and fetch some more for these gentlemen here. Pausing to glance around the table, he seemed behooved to add, And for the ladies, too, if theyre up for more.
Holding his trembling hand out to her, Tasia sat staring up at him as if thinking about how she could talk him out of it. The hope of his ever giving up alcohol was nothing more than a well-crafted illusion, but she ventured to say, You and I should go to the same detox center, Vic. How about it?
He wiggled his fingers impatiently. Ill think about it. I really will. Now come on and give me the keys.
Pulling a set of keys out of one of the pockets of her jeans, she held them up and shook them a little, their tinkling no doubt a most pleasing sound to his ears. Without thinking twice about it, he snatched the keys away from her and clutched them against his chest, savoring the victory. Unfortunately, he was starting to act as pathetic as he looked. There was no mistaking a junkie.
Youre right about the detox center, sweetie, he said, reaching over and caressing her chin, but being mindful of keeping the keys well out of her reach. We could both use some drying out. And I promise to mull it over. But for now, I think Ill go and get myself a drink. Slipping away from his chair like a Houdini act, he took off quite possibly with no intention of ever coming back.
Would you give him a hand, Zach? Tasia said, trying to put on a good show but still looking quite convinced that Vic would drink himself to death down in that deep, dark pit.
Zach smiled reassuringly, patting her on the hand. Sure, love, he said, getting up and dropping his napkin beside his plate. Well be back in a jiff.
As Zach left the table, he stopped when Nicolette Howard came in from the next room. Please excuse me, he said, moving aside to let her pass and then heading for the wine cellar before Vic had the chance to lock himself in.
When Nicolette entered the room, Tasia said, Nicolette! I didnt know you were still here.
I left earlier, but I came back to get caught up on some work. She stood closer to the table and leaned against the chair Zach had occupied. Ive been working in the library.
Are you hungry? Weve got plenty of food. Tasia started to get up and go to the sideboard, but Nicolette raised her hands, exposing a finger with a flesh-colored bandage on it.
No, no. Im not hungry. Thanks.
Wed all understand if you wanted to take some time off, Nicolette, Lois said. These are what the wise would call troubled times.
The business cant wait, she said, so typical of her enthusiasm. Besides, I cant think of much else to do right now.
Sit down, dear, Lois said. Join us.
Nicolette nodded and sat in Zachs place. All right, for a few minutes. Sitting back, she observed Silas with uncommon regard. As she rested her arms on either side of Zachs plate, Elaine noticed that the long-sleeved, mohair jacket she wore was neatly pressed and perfectly matched her beige skirt. Her clothes always hung so nice; she was quite fashion-conscious. Good looks and good grooming were almost as important to her as a job well done.
How are you doing, Silas? Nicolette said, still observing him earnestly. I know youve been very sick. Have you gotten your appetite back?
Im feeling much better, thanks, he said, staring down at the unfinished food on his plate. The sound of his cough was a deep, rattling irritation, which reminded everyone of his severe asthmatic condition. Even his breathing was labored, a gentle wheeze emanating with every inspired breath.
Did Detective Connery tell you about the document he found in Mr. Kastenmeiers walking stick? Elaine asked Nicolette. The mere mention of it made her beautiful, brown face beam.
Yes, he did, she said, smiling as if relieved to discover that her services for the Kastenmeiers hadnt gone unappreciated.
What document? Cameron asked, using a biscuit to clean the last traces of food from his plate, minus the shells, of course.
I was named the Executive Vice President of Research and Development before he died, Nicolette said, pleased by the gesture and yet sad because it had been so long in coming.
As far as Im concerned, youve been vice president of Kast Varnish Enterprises for the past ten years, Nicolette, Tasia told her. Im only glad Carl finally made it official. Tasia raised her long-stemmed wine glass to Nicolette and then took a drink.
Nicolette seemed glad, but she also looked confused.
Whats the matter? Lois asked her.
Its nothing. Only.
Only what, dear?
Nicolette looked at Lois and said, I only wish hed told me of his intentions, thats all. I really dont understand why he had to make such a game out of the pronouncement.
He knew that youd waited years to be given that position officially, Cameron said, getting up and looking for more to eat. He couldnt bring himself to make you happy just once in his whole, miserable life.
Dad made her vice president, didnt he? Silas told Cameron as if offended by what hed said. Defending his father had always been a full-time job for the boy, and now more than ever since his death. She wanted the position, and she got it. Silas looked at Nicolette as if he hated her. His attitude even made Elaine uncomfortable. After all, he seemed to be taking this office witch-hunt too far.
I know I got the position, Silas, Nicolette said gently. I only wish hed told me, thats all. She hesitated, running a finger over the Band-Aid on her hand. Alex knew the truth, but he kept so quiet about it.
Silas wiped his mouth with a napkin and then looked at his mother. May I be excused? he asked her. Im feeling sick again.
Of course, Lois said. Ill look in on you later.
Silas nodded, and then gazed around the table, not really making eye contact with anyone. Good night, he said.
Good night, Tasia told him.
Rest easy, Elaine said, watching as he left the room.
Well, Id better get going, Nicolette said. All of Detective Connerys questioning has set me back in my work. She stood up.
Go home and get some rest, dear, Lois advised her. You look so tired.
I will after I go over some plant progress reports. Dont worry, it wont take long. Acknowledging everyone at the table fondly, she said, If youll excuse me.
Of course, Lois said, nodding.
Nicolette raised her head, the hair of which lay in soft, cottony curls, even higher as she walked back to the library. It would take more than hard luck, lack of sleep, and injured egos to stop her engine from rolling.
Carl should have respected Nicolette more, Lois said, breaking off a piece of crayfish tail meat with her fork and then putting it in her mouth. Chewing slowly, her ten-carat, diamond and emerald-studded wedding ring added fire to the light from the chandelier hanging high above them.
He shouldve respected all of us more, Cameron said, unable to conjure up any niceties even after the poor mans death. His plate was filled again as he sat back down and started eating as if he hadnt had any.
CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
Despite the lighthearted conversation which had occurred sporadically during most of the evening, Elaine could tell that Tasia was preoccupied with more serious matters. Every now and then Zach would give her a hug or a kiss, but she was obviously too worried about Vic to enjoy any of it. Hed gone to bring liquor up from the wine cellar, but he never bothered to come back to the dinner table. Consequently, he missed Tasias delectable shortcake and white chocolate cream, and she missed not knowing what he was up to.
Tasia spent a great deal of time at the back door saying goodnight to Zach. He had to move to New York state in the morning, and he wanted to get an early start. Hed tried to persuade Vic to come up from the wine cellar earlier, but the old guy had simply refused. A fistfight followed by a half nelson wouldve been the only way of convincing Vic to leave the liquor bottles alone.
Zach and Tasias relationship was the kind people searched a lifetime for; their time together was too short and their good-byes were long. The only harsh words theyd ever spoken to one another were about Vic, Tasias being inclined to mother him and Zachs being more than happy to let him live his life anyway he chose. Also, Zach was a sharp critic of Tasias drug abuse and was looking forward to helping her get off the stuff. But all was forgiven whenever they had to say good night, as they did now in the doorway under a clear, cool evening sky.
Tasia held him playfully by the collar, and he found particular pleasure in holding her body close to him. They kissed again, and it was a deep, sensual show of affection. It was doubtful if an entire night wouldve been sufficient for their formal farewells. Afterward, she put her head against his chest and caressed his back, her lips pouting at the prospect of having to let him go just one more time.
Still sipping what was left of the hot cup of tea shed had with dessert, Elaine wandered into the kitchen to wait until they were through. When Zach finally gathered the strength to pull himself away, Tasia came into the kitchen, but unlike what Elaine had expected, she didnt stop to talk. Instead, she headed down to the basement. Whats up, Tasia? Elaine asked, following her.
Im looking for Vic, she said, turning on the hall light and then descending the stairs.
Tasia stood beside a small figurine at the base of the steps and pushed it aside, exposing a spare key in a cup under it. Taking the key from its place, she went to the wine cellar and unlocked the door. Lying flat and prone on the dirt floor inside, Vic dozed like a baby with a row of bottles standing beside him and resembling the bars on a crib. His left cheek was flush against the floor, and every time he snored, his breath stirred up a cloud of dust. That dust would consequently flare up enough to make him cough, snort, and then smack his lips together. The four empty wine bottles next to him told the story, and boy, was it short and sweet.
Vic, Tasia said, coming inside the room and rolling him onto his back. She examined his face carefully. Would you help me sit him up, Elaine?
Together they pulled him up to a sitting position, propping his back against one of the walls. Bottles clinking against one another instinctively aroused him. After the initial excitement, however, his chin dropped down to his chest and he never reacted to anything else again. Wow, hes practically comatose, Elaine said. Id be worried if I couldnt hear him breathing.
He always drinks too much, Tasia said, glancing over her shoulder. He does everything too much. Were a lot alike.
How are we going to get him up the stairs? I mean, he must weigh close to two hundred pounds.
Hes going to walk.
Elaine laughed; she just couldnt help herself. A corpse would have a better chance, she said.
Tasia glanced at her sharply. We can get him up, she said, trying to convince herself of that more than Elaine. We can.
After several valiant attempts to revive Vic enough to encourage him to help them out, Tasia gave up. Hed consumed at least four bottles of wine, in addition to what hed had at dinner, and had been working on a fifth when he finally passed out. The only thing strong enough to move him now was either a crane or gravity. Soon he slipped down from the sitting position theyd put him in and he grunted when his shoulder hit the floor. Tasia sat down beside him, drawing her legs up close to her chest and wrapping her arms around her knees.
I could get Cameron to help us get him back up the stairs, Elaine suggested, trying to make up for that corpse crack shed made.
We may have to get some help. Otherwise, Vic will be sleeping on this cold, damp floor all night.
Dont worry, Cameron will be able to lift him. Elaine started to stand up, but she stopped when Tasia grabbed her by the arm. Hesitating, Elaine knelt back down again.
Im scared, Tasia said, letting her go and staring at the floor.
About what?
Im not sure if Vic killed Carl or not.
Vic was plastered the night Mr. Kastenmeier got murdered. Detective Connery even said he had the best alibi in the room.
Yeah, but did he get wasted before or after Carl was killed?
He was still standing when the boss died, but just barely, Elaine said. And today he couldnt remember a thing about it.
Maybe there were other things that went on last night that he wasnt able to recall today.
Look, Vic is a terrifically talented drinker, and sure he loses his temper every now and then, but theres no way.
This all belongs to my father, you know, Tasia said, changing the subject. Looking at things in the wine cellar as if seeing them for the very first time, she then stared up at the wooden ceiling. This should be Vics. All of it.
You mean the house?
The house, the varnish business, everything.
I dont understand.
Vic was the one who developed the varnish that made Carl rich, she clarified, and Elaine found the news astonishing. No one ever accuses a drunk of being a smart man.
No kidding? Id heard you mention something about it before, but I thought you were snowing the boss, just trying to make him angry.
No, its true, Tasia said, looking at Elaine and nodding. Vic was working for Carl back then, doing research in one of his laboratories. Carl supplied him with all the chemicals he needed to work with, especially when he realized that he was onto something big.
Gee, Vic must be a gifted scientist.
You betcha. Tasia smiled as if dreaming of the way things used to be and perhaps how they mightve been. Vic discovered a formula unlike any ever developed before. An ideal varnish, one that protects paintings from atmospheric impurities, can be applied in thin layers, is completely transparent and colorless. One that preserves the elasticity of the paint film under it. A varnish that doesnt bloom, isnt glossy, and is very easy to remove. Her enthusiasm was clear to see. Its cohesion and elasticity allows for ordinary changes in atmospheric conditions and temperature. It was a brilliant discovery. When Vic understood what he had, he was so proud of himself. After years of living in his brothers shadow, he was able to do something no one else had ever done before. Not even Carl.
What happened to turn his good fortune around?
Carl bilked Vic out of the discovery and took all the credit for himself. You see, Vic is a very intelligent man, but hes also a weak man. Its easy to take advantage of him because of his drinking problem.
After stealing Vics idea, Tasia continued, Carl hired a team of researchers to develop other products from that original concept. Some of the best legal counsel in Michigan established Carls right to patent the products early on, and the rest is history. He made millions, and his company is still churning out a healthy profit not only from sales, but from stocks and investments as well. Pausing, she shook her head. That son of a bitch. I hate him.
Im sorry it all had to happen that way, Elaine said, caressing her shoulder. Tasia nodded, accepting the sympathy. She wiped the tears away with the back of her hand.
The more I hated Carl, the more he wanted me. I couldnt get rid of him. He used Vics vulnerabilities to keep me here. I had to take his bullshit and abuse and like it.
I also blame him for keeping my parents apart, Tasia continued. They never got married, not even after I was born.
Why?
Carl convinced Vic that I wasnt his child. Seeing other people happier than he was used to drive Carl crazy. Anyway to prove things, Carl had a paternity test performed after my mother died. When he found out that Vic really was my father, he did everything he could to keep us apart. Vics being an alcoholic never helped his case.
When did Mr. Kastenmeier start abusing you?
As soon as I moved in, Elaine. He sexually molested me at first and then started sleeping with me on my twelfth birthday. Carl was a sick bastard, and Im glad hes dead. The ironic thing is, Carl was such an upstanding citizen, a pillar of the community, that no one wouldve believed me if Id told them what he was doing to me. Children dont have a voice. Not really.
Does Vic know what Mr. Kastenmeier was doing to you?
Lord, I hope not. Tasia was silent for a moment. One good thing came from Vics varnish discovery, though.
Whats that?
The varnish he developed brought Zach Cutteridge into my life.
True.
I really love Zach. I admit Ive been promiscuous. But my acting that way was more a consequence of self-loathing rather than an interest in sex. I felt like a whore, so I figured I should act like one. She stared at the wall lined with champagne, ross, and cognac. Besides, Carl hated my whoring around, and I loved doing things that got under his skin.
Vics snoring intensified as if on cue. His daughter had been confessing her deepest, darkest secrets, and hed missed every word. Lots of things probably passed old Vic by, his always being the first to drink and the last one to stop.
Tasia smiled as she reached over and caressed Vics hair. I really love my father, though.
I know you do.
At least Tasia and Vic were still together, and she had Zach now as well. Whoever killed Carl did everyone a favor, especially Tasia. It was quite possible that whoever killed him loved and cared for her very much.
CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO
After getting up from her bed, Elaine tossed a very good book by Toni Morrison onto the pink spread. Heather was sitting in a chair by the door and painting her toenails. Betty mustve been hogging the bathroom again, but that happened every night. She spent countless hours in the washroom each day, applying face creams and body conditioners, pomades and moisturizers, but to no avail. She always came out looking the same as she had before going in.
It was after eleven in the evening, and it was Elaines turn to make sure all of the doors and windows in the house were locked and secure. The alarm system also had to be activated. This task was accomplished every day between the hours of eleven and midnight, and she, Betty, and Heather were the ones responsible for seeing that it get done. Whoever killed Carl probably knew this, too, and thats why he was attacked before eleven yesterday evening. Detective Connery had been quick to point this out, lending support to his argument that the killer was someone whod been close to Carl, and who knew his and the entire households routine very well.
Elaine drew Heathers attention when she stood up. Your night tonight? Heather asked, rubbing her nose and getting a smidgen of red polish on the tip of it. It made her look like a Hindu with a misplaced dot. Her large, watery blue eyes looked at everything with the innocence of a child. Not what anyone would call a beauty, with her pug nose and wide, flat cheeks and chin, and an uneven haircut that had obviously been done by an amateur, she was still a nice lady, all six feet of her. About as thin as a fair-sized arm, she was an Olive Oil of sorts, and her size-thirteen shoes protruded into wide open spaces like a clowns would.
Yes, its my turn to check the locks, Elaine said, pausing at a wall mirror to fix her hair and straighten her collar. Youve got nail polish on your nose, Heather.
I aint puttin it on my nose! she retorted. Im puttin it on my toes!
Im not kidding, Elaine said, glancing over her shoulder as she put on an apron. Some polish got smeared on your nose accidentally.
Heather wiped her nose with the palm of her hand and then examined the result. I dont see no polish. Theres none on my hand. She raised it up so that Elaine could verify things.
Its still on your face. The polish must be dry.
Staring at Elaine until her eyes crossed, she said, Oh, and then scratched at the tip of her nose with a fingernail. Will you play cards with me when you get back? I like Uno.
I know you do, but its late. I only stayed up this long because its my night to lock up the house. Well play tomorrow night, all right?
Yeah, and maybe we can talk some other people into playing with us. Id like that.
Me, too. Anyway, Id better get going.
Yeah. I dont want nobody coming back in to kill somebody else. By now Heathers nose was bright red, and not from the polish but from all the scratching.
Ill be back in a few, Elaine said, turning to open the door.
Ill have the cards ready, Heather said, holding them up.
Well play tomorrow, all right?
Heather checked her watch. Itll be tomorrow in fifty minutes.
Elaine smiled wryly. There were times when Heather shined with the brilliance of a scholar. Nice try, she said, stepping into the hallway and descending the stairs to the kitchen.
Cameron was in the pantry and sipping a cup of coffee. Coffee was one of his vices. When she saw him, she shook her finger at him scoldingly. Youre going to regret that, she said. Caffeine at this time of night? She gave him a playful tsk, tsk, tsk!
Decaffeinated, he said, raising the cup to her before taking another sip. This is proof that Ive learned a lot from you.
Now that brought a smile to her face. Did you see your boys today?
I sure did. Unfortunately, I had to see my ex-wife, too.
Did Sheila give you a hard time?
Always, he said, sitting down at a small table. He seemed tired; the five oclock shadow on his face was so thick, it wouldve made a teenager proud to call it a months growth. Im responsible for every rotten thing thats ever happened in our lives. Dont you know that?
Im sure she doesnt feel.
Thats right, she doesnt, he interrupted, and Elaine laughed when she understood the bite of sarcasm.
Youre so bad.
Thats right, I am. And that means I need something good in my life, Elaine.
Hesitating, she tried to size up his intentions. She decided that they were as sweet as he could be whenever his ex-wife or Carl Kastenmeier werent trying to pounce on him. You deserve to be happy, she said, giving him the kind of compassionate look he craved.
I could be happy with you.
I feel the same way about you. She paused, growing uncomfortable with the conversation. Ive got to lock up for the night.
Locking all the criminals in, are you? he asked, grinning.
Despite being familiar with his brand of humor, just considering that to be true alarmed her. Gee, I hope not. The way the police are swarming, they certainly believe that the killer is here amongst us, dont they?
I dont know about them, but I sure as hell do, he said. Do you need any help securing the doors and windows?
No, I can handle it.
Well then, he said, Ill probably be in bed before you get back.
All right. See you tomorrow.
He raised his mug to her again before swallowing the last of his coffee. Thick spots of day-old hair covered his cheeks and chin like polka dots.
Elaine went to the foyer, turned on the newel-post lamp, which had been carved to resemble a draped lady holding a torch, and then ascended the stairway. Breezing past the marbleized fresco paper on the walls and the dark walnut wainscoting, Elaine held onto the scrolled railings all the way to the top. It was a healthy flight of stairs, but shed gotten good at getting to the top of them in record time. Besides, she could always use the exercise.
The routine of securing the house was best begun by working from the upstairs and going down. Carls office area was off limits, eliminating five rooms from the tally, and that was all right by her. Things were moving along well until she knocked on the master bedroom door.
Yes? a soft voice said from inside.
Its Elaine, maam. Im locking up for the night.
After an unreasonably long period of time, Lois finally said, Come in.
Elaine opened the door a crack, her eyes falling on the woman of the house sitting on the edge of a huge, Renaissance-style bed and looking quite dejected.
Are your windows locked, maam? Elaine asked her.
Its your job to check them, isnt it? she snapped.
Yes, maam, she said, making a beeline straight for the nearest window. She went to each one, finding them all locked and secure. All the while, Lois watched her as a spider would watch a fly. Elaine slipped into the bathroom and then a small sitting room and checked the windows as fast as she could.
Lois had her waxed, hardwood dance floor and her practice barre set up as if shed been executing ballet moves. A pretty pink tutu was draped over an elegant ebonized chair next to the floor. It was common knowledge that shed been the leader of a ballet troupe that was touring the country when she got pregnant with Silas, forcing her to leave the production and give the starring role to her understudy. Elaine had heard that Carl thought that ending Loiss career that way was funny.
Everythings fine, maam, Elaine said as cheerfully as she could. Good night. Trying to get to the door and leave fast, she didnt even come close to making it.
Would you draw my bath, please, Lois said, clutching an oriental ladys fan in one hand and a satin chemise in the other. She sat on top of that bed like an empress would on a throne. The nine-foot walnut and walnut burl backboard loomed above and behind her, making her appear lost in her own special-ordered excess. Raised and set back into a massive alcove, the entire side of the room housing the bed and its related furnishings was accentuated by a white marble fireplace and a red, L-shaped divan. A suede-covered copy of Moby Dick lay at the foot of it.
I need to freshen up after this dreadful day, Lois said, staring down that narrow nose of hers, so Id appreciate it if youd get started. Put lavender oil in the water, please. It softens my skin. The request was rather unorthodox, never before coming at such a late hour, but then again, Carl never wouldve allowed her to stay up this long.
Yes, maam, Elaine said, coming back inside the room and closing the door behind her as Lois stepped behind a beautifully decorated privacy screen to take off her clothes.
Elaine went into the master bathroom and switched on the lights. She always marveled at the flamboyance of the rooms decor: marble floors, countertop, tub, and toilet; china basins decorated with shrewdly authentic replicas of floral arrangements by Japanese masters; the dove gray head of a bird supporting the seat of the commode and a raised bathtub with feet resembling the talons of an eagle; and elaborate, stained-glass windows of landscape scenes and wildlife on every outside wall. Gilt mirrors and gleaming gold wall sconces were abundant, smartly highlighting the tiled areas and matching dado, and the richly colored wallpaper. There was even a gray marble fireplace near a sitting area in the spacious room. A tall sewing basket was in a corner close to a wooden rocker and footstool.
As Elaine started the water running in the tub and tested the temperature of it with her hand, Lois came into the bathroom wearing a purple velvet robe. The sash was tied tight around her small waist. She paused to watch Elaine from over her shoulder as she worked. Dont forget the bath oil, she said, lifting her nose even higher. Elaine picked up a bottle of oil from the counter and unscrewed the top.
No, no, not that one, Lois said, her patience waning. This is what I want. Taking a bottle from a small shelf filled with pomades, perfume flagons, and the like, she pushed it into Elaines hands. Then she snatched the other one away and tossed it back up on the counter. The bottle toppled over, spilling oil on a dresser set, silver pillboxes, and shaving accessories because the lid wasnt on tight.
Now look what youve made me do! Lois said. Youll have to clean that up before I bathe. She scrutinized the tub again. Four capfuls of oil, and I want the water six inches from the top. Casting a critical gaze at Elaine, she asked, You do know how much six inches is, dont you?
Yes, maam.
Good because if it isnt right, Ill call you back in to do it again.
Elaine nodded; with a threat like that, she considered getting a ruler out just to be sure.
Put the oil in now so that it has time to be agitated by the water! Loiss temper was short. An angry woman was a terrible thing to deal with, and yet there Elaine stood, taking the full brunt of the blast and without an ally in sight. Why the bath was so important to Lois was a mystery; she already smelled great. Terrorizing laborers must have been her new favorite pastime since her husband had vacated the position.
Elaines hands trembled as she unscrewed the top and measured four capfuls; she couldnt do anything right. One cap overflowed, but at least Lois didnt notice. Steam was rising thick from the water, masking any imperfections in the job she was doing.
Taking a sponge out from under the sink, Elaine dipped it into the spilled oil and then rinsed and rung it out over the nearest basin. Wiping the counter with the wet sponge, she was extremely careful not to bump any of Loiss magnificent, silver antique compacts and potpourri boxes. She also made sure there was no oil left on the surface as if her job depended on it. Lois stood just twelve inches away, trying desperately to catch her doing something else wrong. When Elaine finished cleaning the counter and shut off the water, Lois stood back and examined her work.
Will there be anything else, Mrs. Kastenmeier?
Drape lace over that light fixture above your head. You dont expect me to look in the mirrors without softening the light first, do you?
No, maam, Elaine said, grabbing a swatch of crocheted lace and a stool. Although standing on the stool added about three feet to her height, she still had to stretch way up with the lace as it dangled from both hands. The ceiling was so tall, she could barely reach the light even though it was hanging from an eighteen-inch cord, but thankfully she managed to ease the cloth over the globe.
Climbing down and replacing the stool, Elaine wiped her sweaty palms off onto her apron and smiled politely. Will there be anything else, maam?
Loiss bitter disposition was obvious, and she stared at Elaine as if she hated her. It was an odd, almost immediate transformation from tolerant to easily provoked, and Elaine didnt understand the root of her hostility. All she wanted to do was get the hell out of there and the sooner, the better.
Tell your friend Tasia I said goodnight, Lois said, her dark blue eyes narrowing. Now get out.
Yes, maam. Elaine backed out of the bathroom and took what seemed like a millennium to walk from one end of the bedroom to the door, and then closed it softly behind her. Afterward, she paused to lean against it, resting her head against the cool, mahogany frame. Closing her eyes with a sigh, she thanked God she made it out alive.
Elaine, a small, familiar voice called, so she opened her eyes and stood away from the door. Silas was down the hall and standing just outside his room. He wore a pair of light blue pajamas but no robe. His feet were sockless and without slippers. The thick, copper-colored wallpaper behind him was glazed, therefore accentuating its high relief. It engulfed him as the waves of an ocean would engulf someone who didnt know how to swim.
May I speak with you? he said. It wont take long.
Of course, she said, walking over and then following him inside his bedroom.
CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE
As soon as Elaine stepped inside Silass room, he asked her to close the door. She did.
Everything in his room was very familiar to her: theyd had many tantalizing discussions there, from the very personal to the extraordinarily complex. Silas could be somewhat of a philosopher, chronicling events and detailing facts like a database. But the amazing thing was how he could decipher those facts and hold adult, almost professor-like discussions on so many subjects. Elaine shouldve felt ignorant around him, but he had a way of making even the dimmest feel as though she had something to contribute, some knowledge to share.
Silass feet glided across the highly polished, hardwood floor in his room, the oak glistening so much that it almost lit his way. Occasional area rugs were spread out to resemble cumulus clouds against a light brown sky. He pulled a chair out from his desk and turned it around. As he sat down, his foreground image settled fast in front of his favorite pastime, a Macintosh computer. Beside that was the ink-jet printer hed used to make everything from greeting cards for his friends, to drafts of business documents for his father. The printer was a simple yet effective device with great resolution. As a matter-of-fact, Silas had used the machine to print up the card stock name badges the associates had worn on Carls last day.
Have a seat, Silas said, folding his arms across his chest and settling into a comfortable slouch.
Elaine sat down on the edge of his four-poster, canopy bed, taking a moment to admire the handmade blue, yellow, and gray diamond quilt adorning it. Silas had a cast iron bed with ornate scrollwork and medallions carved in the form of Greek gods and set in the headboard and footboard. These legends were also incorporated in the brocade and swaths of gold draped around the bed and puddling down to the floor.
Mythological motifs were picked up in the wallpaper and other necessities scattered all over the room. The fixture in the center of the ceiling had light shining from the open mouth of Zeus. Several tabletop lamps were modeled after Silass favorite god Athena. An automaton of Achilles, the barbarian happy to indulge himself on the battlefield, was deftly perched above a somber portrait of Carl. There was obviously some Freudian connection going on with that, with Achilles and Carl both at home consorting with human sacrifices and such; it was only right that their images would have been so close together.
Apollo, Hades, Europa, Heracles, Nike, Poseidon, Pegasus, and Zeus reoccurred over and over again in the wall pattern. A Nemesis doll, the god of perpetual irritation, was beside a small snapshot of Tasia. Propped up on an easel in one corner of the room was a reproduction of Prometheus Bound by Peter Paul Rubens. Zach had painted it for practice on several of his days off. The story was that Prometheus had been doomed to eternal agony unless he confessed his secret. While other seven-year-old boys were collecting X Men comics and building houses with Legos, Silas was building a shrine to mighty warriors who never existed. Maybe it wasnt a healthy pastime, but lacking any real-life heroes, mythological creatures seemed to be all that he had.
Whats wrong, Elaine? Silas asked, finally drawing her attention. So wrapped up in the blatant symbolism in the room, shed forgotten why she was there. She laughed, waving her hand.
Its nothing. Im a little rattled because your mother makes me so nervous.
Me, too, he said, and her smile faded. She knew that he meant it.
So, whats up?
Id like to ask a favor of you.
If I can, she said, shrugging.
I want you to get Marlon, Nicolette, and Alex together and tell them about the missing name badge.
Only Marlons badge is missing. Why do you want me to tell Alex and Nicolette about that?
I dont know if I can trust them.
Trust them to do what?
To tell the truth about what happened to my father. After all, Alex lied about that false document.
Only because your father told him to.
Maybe.
Do you think Alex had something to do with his death?
Im not sure. Im not sure about any of them.
What do you have against Nicolette?
She thought Marlon had been given the job shes been dying for. That sounds like a motive to me. Besides, something about the whole name badge thing isnt right.
Like what?
I dont know yet. The police wont let me help them. I havent seen any of the evidence. Im just a kid, you know.
Sometimes I forget, she said, grinning. What relevant facts do you know so far?
Im sure that my fathers dead and that somebody killed him, Silas said, his voice echoing across the colossal bedroom. His attitude was rather testy, and with good reason; his father was gone and because hed been a very difficult man, the list of suspects was endless.
Im sorry, he continued, but I believe Im on the right track. A tear crept from his left eye and he wiped it away, embarrassed by the show of emotion. My dad wasnt the nicest man, but he was the only father I had. Sniffling, he wiped his nose with the back of his hand. So, will you help me?
Elaine scratched her temple even though it didnt itch, and stared down at the ivory-colored cloud rug at Silass feet. She believed the boy had every right to do what he thought was best to find out who was trying to get away with murder.
Ill help you, she said.
Silas lifted his blond head and nodded. He didnt smile back, but his tears had long since subsided and a look of determination was seared on his face. Elaine almost felt sorry for the three unsuspecting coworkers.
CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR
It didnt take Elaine long the next morning to find Alex, Marlon, and Nicolette toiling away in the study under the pretense of getting things done. Lack of concentration was to be expected, what with Connery and Slye prowling around as if their livelihoods depended on the apprehension and arrest of the person who murdered the countys most prominent citizen. However, they did put on a good show at looking busy.
Nicolette, for example, sat at a roll-top desk in the far corner going over a stack of reports. She was peering through a pair of bifocals and holding a wooden pen with a gold clip tight between her fingers. Marlon was sprawled out on a lounger with his feet dangling over one of the armrests. He had a collapsible toy figure in his hand, a boy wearing a bellhops uniform, and he examined it with more interest than hed ever shown at any of Carls staff meetings. Perhaps toys were easier for him to understand.
Alex was working with Katerina, trying to formulate early stats and determine recommendations to mention at the next meeting with the Kast Varnish sales managers and distributors. Those people were scattered all over the country in twenty-eight states to date, from California to New York, and from Minnesota to Texas. Carl had been making plans to expand his business into every state of the union, and eventually overseas to Europe and beyond. It was important to let the current managers know as soon as possible what changes would be made, when they would take effect, and why.
When Elaine entered the room wearing her usual black and white uniform and armed with a duster, everyone looked up except Marlon. The toy he was playing with mustve been fascinating, indeed. Pardon the intrusion, she said. I wont be long.
Of course, Nicolette said, adjusting her bifocals. Come in.
Nicolette was the epitome of good breeding and refinement; she came from an upper middle class, African-American family from the Bronx. Her mother was a homemaker and her father, the vice president in charge of marketing at a large computer company. Hed also served in the military, a navy man, and hed been one of the first black fighter pilots during the Korean War. When he was discharged in the early sixties, hed earned the rank of captain after twenty years of service. A proud man who was even prouder of his daughter, and he had every reason to be. Nicolette was becoming a success story herself.
Alex Gordetsky was sitting beside Katerina and a young man who was a manager at one of the Ann Arbor manufacturing divisions of Kast Varnish Enterprises. The gent obviously had been called there to hear what Alex had to say about something relative to the business. Listening carefully to everything Alex was saying, the young man nodded his head at appropriate times and took notes like a first-year college student.
Marlon sighed, causing the toy in his hand to crumble. The tips of Marlons ears, the top of his forehead, his cheeks, and the bridge of his nose were red today, as if hed gotten too much sun. He glanced at Elaine as she came near, but she didnt hold his interest for long. Merely sighing again, he turned his head away from her general direction and devoted his entire attention to the toy in his hand.
Elaine took out her favorite feather duster and started cleaning a table with a lamp on it in a corner. Casually, as if just remembering, she pulled a note from her apron pocket and said, Oh, I meant to tell you all that Detective Connery will be coming back here this afternoon.
Whats that? Alex said, standing up and allowing several papers to drop from his lap to the floor. Stooping down, he retrieved them one by one, barely taking his eyes off Elaine as she repeated herself.
Detective Connery is coming back today, she said again, watching Nicolettes reserved yet startled reaction to that. She even took off her bifocals to give Elaine a better look.
Is he coming to ask more questions? Marlon said. Is that it?
I suppose, but he also left this message. It seemed appropriate to hold the note up a little higher.
What message? Alex asked, shoving the papers hed picked up into the hands of the young man beside him and then scowling at her as if he couldnt see very well. Either that, or he smelled something foul. Katerina seemed surprised, too, perhaps because Elaine had been entrusted with the message instead of she.
The police have found something on John Lintons skin that explains more about how he came to be incapacitated.
And whats that? Nicolette asked, snapping her ballpoint shut and putting it down on a stack of papers.
Long streaks of open wounds were found on his arms and chest.
Open wounds? What caused them?
Electrical burns.
Electrical burns? Marlon said. From what?
I believe John got them by being subjected to an electrical charge.
Stunned? Alex said. You mean like a stun gun?
Yes, or a cattle prod. Elaine hesitated on purpose to build up the drama into what she had to say. Like the cattle prod hanging out in the barn. Id say the killer really knew his way around here.
Yeah, Marlon said, as if just getting the point.
Detective Connery also said that it appeared as if Mr. Kastenmeier had soot on his face when he died, soot from the explosion. But thats not what it was.
What was it? Alex interjected.
Ink.
Ink?
Yes, ink from an ink-jet printer, like the one Silas has.
What exactly is the significance of that?
Detective Connery is concerned about the card thats missing.
The missing what? Alex asked.
The missing card, sir. The name card.
What name card? Marlon said. Youre not making any sense.
Thats because youre not allowing me to finish, Elaine said, feeling the upper hand and taking advantage of it by being sassy. Shed waited a long time to be able to speak to them this way.
Silas printed up twenty-five name cards for the meeting, she continued. He used an ink-jet printer to do it.
Everyone looked confused, but no one interrupted.
After the meeting on Friday, she continued, everyone put his or her badge holder in the box near Mr. Kastenmeiers desk. But when the police went through the box, they found one missing.
Well, I know mine mustve been there, Alex said. I remember turning it in.
Yes, you did, Mr. Gordetsky, Elaine told him. The only one missing was Mr. McGhees.
And why is that significant? Marlon asked, getting up and patting his pockets even though hed been wearing different clothes on the night of the murder. What difference does it make? I always forget to take mine off at the end of the day. Its probably at home on my dresser.
Why should a missing name badge concern the detectives? Alex asked. What does that have to do with anything?
I suppose it has to do with the content of Mr. Kastenmeiers stomach when they analyzed it during the autopsy. I believe the results came back this morning.
And what did they find? Alex said. Escargot and cognac? Perhaps a touch of humble pie?
Detective Connery didnt say what he found. Except.
Except what? Stop playing games and tell us what you know.
He mentioned a piece of paper.
What paper? Nicolette asked. Are you referring to the document found in the walking stick?
No. Evidently Mr. Kastenmeier had swallowed a piece of card stock before he died. They found it in his stomach.
So? Marlon said, putting the toy down on an end table and looking puzzled.
Card stock was used to make the name cards, which were passed out in badge holders on Friday. It was faint, but Detective Connery said that he was able to make out a name.
How the devil did a name card get in Carls stomach?
He mustve swallowed it, you idiot! Nicolette surmised, growling at Marlon. But what does that prove? I mean, really? How could Carl have been sound enough to rifle through a box of name cards and find the one hed wanted while being brutally attacked?
The police believe the killer was still wearing the badge holder with the name card in it when Mr. Kastenmeier pulled it off his clothes.
Which explains the plastic holder in his hand when he died, Alex said, rubbing his chin and sideburns.
Elaine nodded. Perhaps the killer tried to take it away from him, but Mr. Kastenmeier wouldnt allow it. Clothing fibers were found on the pin clip on the back of the card holder in Mr. Kastenmeiers hand. She paused to allow the drama to build again. They were all getting nervous over Carls resourcefulness, and it was fun having the upper hand. Even Katerina noticed, staring at Kast Varnishs elite executives as if she didnt recognize any of them. I guess Detective Connery feels that whoever killed Mr. Kastenmeier was very upset over what had happened during the meeting on Friday.
Whose name is on the card found Carls stomach? Nicolette asked. The question made her flinch in anticipation.
The police didnt say.
What does it all mean? Marlon said. I dont understand what youre getting at.
Connery thinks Carl swallowed the name of his killer, Nicolette said, considering Elaine with a half-smile. Isnt that right?
I wouldnt presume to know what the detective thinks, Ms. Howard. I only know what he said, and he never mentioned any specific name.
Why did he tell all of this to you instead of Katerina? Alex said. Youre just a domestic, after all.
I was the one who answered the telephone this morning, Elaine told him. Katerina hadnt arrived yet. Domestics are usually the only ones up at six, sir, and besides that, I am here all night.
Well, why does he want to see me? You said so yourself that my badge holder was in the box.
I dont know why he asked to see you, Mr. Gordetsky. Youll have to ask him when he gets here. But he did seem very concerned about your witnessing Mr. Kastenmeiers signature on the document he found in the cane.
Well, if hes wondering about my badge holder, Nicolette said, I know for a fact its in the box. I remember putting it there.
He did say that yours was accounted for.
So whats the problem?
I guess hes concerned about how you took Mr. Kastenmeiers demotion. After all, he did lead you to believe youd been ousted by Marlon for the companys second seat.
Nicolette smiled, but her bottom lip trembled. All I could do was grin and bear it like everyone else did, of course, she said. The only one in love with the idea was Marlon. His being promoted meant trouble for everyone, and not just for me. Most would agree that the reputation of the entire company was on shaky ground after a pronouncement like that.
Marlon whipped around and stared at her with his mouth hanging open. This time he needed no interpreter to understand exactly what shed said.
CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE
Elaine was nervous at the prospect of setting someone up for the slaughter, but it didnt seem to bother Silas at all. Bringing Carls assailant to justice was how he planned to honor his fathers memory. The will was to be read at two that afternoon, but all Silas could think about was settling scores.
After baiting the three associates as shed been told, Elaine went into the conservatory and closed the glass door behind her. Silas was in there, and he had a violin tucked under his chin. He was wearing a pair of brown knickers and a white, high-collared shirt. A beautifully interpreted rendition of a minuet by Boccherini was what he played, and it never sounded better than it did in the acoustics of that hexagonal room. The Brugmansia suaveolens were in bloom, their white, trumpet-shaped flowers standing open before him like the arms of heaven stretching wide to receive his gift of music.
The quarter-size violins varnished, silken body shined bright in the sunlight streaming in through the south windows. Silass fingers sailed up and down the scale, from a sweet soprano to a conspiring contralto, and then back again. Causing the instrument to whistle as his fingers drew near the bridge, Elaine could only compare the sound to a siren. Brazil wood attached to the bow flashed over every string above the finger board. Horsehair was pulling up from the frog, and it dangled wildly about as Silas thrashed the stick so fast, at times it became hard for the eye to follow.
As Elaine leaned against the French double doors, he never turned around but somehow knew she was there. Perhaps hed caught a glimpse of her reflection in one of the windows. After a time, he stopped playing and said, Dad bought me an original Stradivari when I was five, but its a full-size violin and Im still too small to play it. In the meantime, this respectable Italian antique has to do. Lifting his head from the chin-rest, he took the instrument away from his collar and held it at arms length, giving it a good look. He told me that a Stradivarius was an expensive piece of equipment and that I should learn how to play it faithfully, or hed give it to somebody who would.
So you learned how to play one, Elaine said, folding her arms. And when you grow into it, itll be yours.
Silas smiled. I did learn how to play a violin, but in my own way. Dad always insisted that I learn classical music, like Tchaikovsky and Mozart, Beethoven and Strauss. My last formal lesson was Andantino cantabile in F major, and Molto Allegro in A major. If I could play those well, I wouldnt need to know how to do anything else, would I?
I guess not.
Instead, I made the mistake of admitting to him that I prefer Harry Chapin and John Denver. He shrugged as if he found the confession distressing. Thank God Im a Country Boy is a mighty happy song, you know?
I like those artists, too.
You do?
Yes, she said. And Ive liked every song youve ever played. Youre very good.
For a seven-year-old. Running his hand over the scroll seemed to comfort him somehow, as if he considered the instrument an old friend. This scroll is maple and so are the back and ribs. The belly is Swiss pine, the finger board is ebony, and the pegs, rosewood.
Its beautiful.
Yes, he agreed, running his thumb down one edge of it. Its modeled after the body of a woman.
Hearing him say that surprised her, so she added playfully, I didnt realize youd noticed.
I noticed, he said, putting the violin and bow back in the case and then closing it.
The conservatory was considered a happy room, from its skylights way up high to the red brick floor underfoot. Perhaps thats why Silas elected to spend more time there these days. Exotic flowering plants and all sorts of light-filtering greenery surrounded them. Various desert plants were scattered along the back walls. Rosy purple bracts of bougainvilleas added brilliant splashes of color against a multitude of supple, green leaves. Pink, funnel-shaped flowers of the oleanders, with their leathery, narrow leaves and creamy yellow edges were dynamic among those plants whose short flowering lives had passed with the spring and summer months. Those oleanders were a lot like Silas; they were harmless to look at, but fatal if tampered with.
Do you have something to tell me? Silas asked her.
I did it, she said, whispering despite the slim chance of being overheard in a room built as well as the one they were in. I told Marlon, Nicolette, and Alex that John Linton had been stunned, and I also told them about the missing name card. Marlon says he can account for his badge holder not being in the box. He says he has it and will bring it in before Connery comes back today.
Silas nodded, looking slightly amused. I bet he will, he said, touching a pink oleander petal with the tip of his finger.
What about the computer idea?
That wont work, he said. Im sure the killer is too wise to be duped so easily.
Then youre sure its not Marlon, Elaine said, not trying to be funny but inviting Silas to chuckle anyway.
Youre right to think that Marlon isnt bright enough to have instigated such an elaborate plan, he said after composing himself.
What about Alex?
I dont think Alex cared enough to let Dads cynicism get to him that much.
And Nicolette?
Nicolette is a very intelligent woman. Shes also very proud and has enough tenacity to fill a silo.
Her badge holder was in the box with the rest of them, though.
Was it?
Yes, it was.
Id like to see it, he said. Alexs, too.
CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX
Carls will was to be read at two that afternoon, and at a quarter of Detective Connery showed up with his partner, Detective Slye. They came in, said a pleasant hello or two, and then went into the library to speak with Carls lawyer. Everyone tried to act as if the arrival of the police didnt bother them, but Elaine could tell that Connery and Slye were making everybody tense.
Elaine made herself busy by polishing the woodwork outside the library to catch some of the conversation. The dado in the hall was a gorgeous, embossed leather and its design was a delightful mesh of blackbirds perched in trees filled with pink blossoms. If those images could hear, they wouldve gotten an earful today.
Nicolette, Marlon, and Alex walked into the room together. When Marlon saw Connery, he started patting down his pockets. He obviously didnt have whatever he was looking for, and by now hed probably forgotten what it was that he was supposed to have found. As usual, both men let Nicolette do all the talking.
We got your message about the badge holders, she said. I trust you found mine in the box.
My message? Connery said in that leading tone of his, trying to invite her to tell him more about it.
Yes. Elaine told us that you were looking for missing badge holders that had been used at Fridays meeting. Thats right, isnt it?
Yes, he said, glancing at Elaine, it is.
And mine is accounted for. Correct?
Thats right.
As was mine, Alex piped up. I remember turning mine in on Friday.
Youre right, Connery told him. Your holder is present and accounted for as well.
Connery looked over his shoulder to find Elaine straightening up a bric-a-brac table in the hall. The hair on the back of her neck stood on end when he gazed at her. It was that sinking feeling she got whenever shed just been nailed. The hand caught in the cookie jar, the How-did-that-decimal-point-get-moved-so-far-to-the-right-on-my-income-tax-return? sort of thing. Even Slyes cynical eyes were examining her as he would someone who had criminal tendencies. Elaine felt like strangling Silas as he passed by all the commotion and entered the library as if he had no idea what was going on.
Elaine Kostas gave you my message? Connery said, giving Nicolette his undivided attention again.
Thats right. Although I dont understand why you had to have her relay it. You shouldve talked to us face-to-face, or at least have called us personally.
Youre right, and Im sorry. It wont happen again. Connery paused to watch Marlon start patting down his suit jacket and pants pockets again.
I forgot mine, he finally surmised. Ill turn it in later.
Your badge holder? Connery asked him.
Of course. Thats what youd asked for, isnt it?
Connery looked at Slye with an amused expression. Yes, it is, he said. Try to get it to me sometime today, please.
Yes, yes, I will, Marlon said, stuffing the pockets back inside of his trousers and then finding a seat in the library. Alex followed him, but Nicolette lagged behind.
Have you been able to read the name on the card that Carl had ingested yet? she asked him.
Read it?
Yes, have you been able to make out the name on it?
Pausing, Connerys brain seemed to be working overtime to figure out what Elaine had been up to behind his back. The name is crystal clear, he said, staring at Nicolette to emphasize the point hed been forced to make.
Whose name is on it?
Dont you know? he asked her, and the verbal standoff made her double blink.
Marlons badge holder was the only one not in the box. I assume that his would be the name on the card in Carls stomach.
Connery leaned closer, staring at her as if trying to intimidate her. It even made Elaine uncomfortable to see him act as Detective Slye would. Gastric juices in Carls stomach had destroyed the card to the point of no longer being legible, but he insisted, The name on the card wasnt Marlons.
Whose was it, then?
Well talk about it after the will is read, he said. Stick around until then, wont you?
Of course. After the staring contest was over, she turned and found a seat. Slye started to sit next to her, but he paused as Connery left the library and stood beside Elaine. Slye came out as well to see what his partner was up to.
Thanks for your detective work, Elaine, Connery said, speaking low enough so that only she and Slye could hear him. She put down the feather duster. I dont know what I would do without you.
Oh, Im sure youd manage, sir, she said, smiling. He didnt return it.
Did Silas put you up to this?
Yes.
Next time consult with me before you go jumping into police business.
Yes, sir.
Someone who had the nerve to kill a big man like John Linton and a powerful one like Carl Kastenmeier wouldnt think twice about killing a prying housekeeper like you.
Youre right. Im sorry.
Ill hand it to Silas, though; that badge holder thing is making a lot of people nervous. The boy may be onto something. Connery turned to Slye. I want you to go down to the lab and hurry things along. I want answers and I want them today.
What about the will? Slye said. If I gave Falzone a call, Id still be able to hear.
This case is for us to work and not be entertained by. We only need one pair of ears for this. Ill listen to the will and let you know everything thats in it.
Slye seemed disappointed, but didnt argue. I guess Ill be back when its all over, he said, buttoning up his jacket again as he headed for the door.
Ill want to talk to you when this meeting is finished, Connery told Elaine, and Im not happy.
I understand.
In the meantime, stop your amateur sleuthing. I expect you to mind what I say better than a seven-year-old.
Yes, sir.
He turned away from her and walked into the library, but not without glancing back at her one last time.
Elaine stepped out of the way as Lois passed, the wonderful combination of Bulgarian rose, Grasse jasmine, and honeysuckle trailing behind her. Such a masterful fragrance could only have been Arpge. She gave Elaine one last glower before going into the library with the others. Lois was wearing a plain, black dress out of respect for her dead husband, which was probably more respect than shed shown him in years. Katerina was wearing black as well, and she acknowledged Elaine as she passed by. Having been named executrix of the will, Carl couldnt have chosen a more responsible person to be at the helm of his affairs than she.
Tasia came up behind Elaine with a big smile on her face. Its only me, she said. Tasia had on a bright yellow dress, which was in striking contrast to what Lois and Katerina had deemed appropriate, and the conservative dark browns, blues, and grays that the others were wearing.
Well, this is it, Elaine said. I think youre the last one to go in.
Oh, really? I guess its obvious that Im in no hurry.
You look very nice, Elaine told her. Youre happy and it shows.
Im also sober and detoxing as we speak, she said, holding out her hands to show how steady they were becoming. Id like to stay that way.
You will.
Miss McAvoy, someone said, and she turned to see who was speaking. It was Carls lawyer. Were ready to begin.
All right, she said.
Good luck in there, Elaine told her. Maybe youll come out a rich woman.
The money doesnt matter, she said, because when I walk out of there, Ill still be free. She smiled. And nothing can top that. Her touching Elaines hand that way was so reassuring, and the gesture was almost as if Tasia felt that Elaine was the one who needed comforting. Although more than a year younger than Elaine, Tasia had the ambiance of someone whod been around for centuries.
With her shoulders back and her head held high, she crossed the threshold into the library. Grace and dignity emanated from her, and she carried herself like a real lady. She was a lady, and anyone with half a heart could see that. One arduous life coming full circle and blossoming into a show rose was a thing of beauty. Tasia McAvoy was proof of that.
After pausing to greet the lawyer with a handshake and a smile, she went in and found a seat. Before crossing her legs, she smoothed her dress down; it was good to see the hem resting below the knee. Long sleeves covered her wrists and part of her injured hand, and thus her only imperfections. As the lawyer closed the door to begin the proceedings, Tasia glanced at Elaine before lowering her eyes. All the while, the longcase clock in the family room, faithful to accuracy, brought in the two oclock hour with one full verse of taps.
CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN
Elaine sat down in a corner of the drawing room that Katerina had been using while the office was off-limits. It was a good place to watch who came out of the library after being excused from the reading of the will. Alex and Marlon had already left the gathering and were now standing out in the hallway.
Everything Katerina needed at her new work station was within reach: a computer and word processor, dictating and adding machines, and a telephone. The golden oak, roll-top desk where Elaine sat was a dizzying display of nooks, crannies, and cubby holes. Elaine turned on the student lamp and then folded her hands against the clear plastic cover on top of the desk.
Mr. McGhee, Elaine said as he passed by the desk for a second time; he didnt seem to know whether to leave the house or to stay. Stopping as soon as his name was called, he came closer and stared at her impatiently. And then mellowing as if on cue, he started playing with a paperweight resting on the edge of the desk. He managed to say as nonchalantly as he could, What is it?
I think youre in trouble, she said quietly. That revelation gave him an excuse to panic.
What on earth are you talking about?
The police think you murdered Mr. Kastenmeier.
Thats ridiculous! Carl was the best friend I had the night he was killed. He promoted me. Dont you remember?
Yes, but in actuality he lied to you, didnt he?
Yes, but I didnt know that until the next day, and he was already dead by then.
Theres also the matter of the badge holder you cant account for.
Its probably on my dresser at home. Ill go home right now and get it.
I wish you would, she said, for your own sake.
Ill get the damn badge holder if you promise to stop pestering me about it!
The police are looking for it, not me.
Yes, yes, Miss Marple! he said, looking quite irritated. I hear you loud and clear. He let the paperweight fall back to the desk with a thud and then stormed off.
Elaine watched him leave through the front door, her hands now trembling. Connery was right; she did feel like a sitting duck rubbing elbows with suspected murderers. But she wasnt doing it just for Silas, was she? What she really loved was the thrill of the hunt, and perhaps Marlon McGhee was dead on when he referred to her as the amateur sleuth Miss Marple.
Taking over for Katerina? someone said, and her heart started racing with anticipation. Alex Gordetsky was standing next to her, gazing down at her with a stately smile on his face. Youre taking down important messages from the police, he observed, and then running them over to us. I figure you must be vying for Kates job.
No, no, Im not taking over for Katerina, she said, putting her hands on her lap so he wouldnt see them shaking. Im only borrowing her desk.
I see. Well, if I am right, your secret is safe with me, Alex said, sitting down in a rosewood, Rococo Revival slipper chair with a high back and making himself comfortable.
I hear that youre pretty good at keeping secrets, she said.
What is that supposed to mean?
The police seem very interested in how seasoned a liar you are, Mr. Gordetsky.
A liar? Why, because I co-signed Nicolettes promotion and then kept my mouth shut about it? I wanted to keep my job, Elaine. I doubt Ill be arrested for doing what my boss told me to do.
Youve seen Detective Slye, she said. All hes interested in is a name responsible for the casualty count. Any name will do. Believe me, hes taken note of your sporadic deceptions. She managed to wipe the smile from his face.
How do I know that you didnt murder Carl and John yourself?
It was her turn to be nonchalant about his assessment of her. You dont, she said, holding her head over to one side. She was looking devious, and she wanted to make sure that he noticed.
Nodding, he rubbed his sideburns. He always did that whenever he was nervous. I am a good liar, he declared unapologetically, and I wouldnt think twice about lying to save my own skin. And you can quote me on that.
Oh, I will.
For no reason, Alex glanced down at the dictating machine on the desk, and then looked at her for some sort of assurance that it wasnt on. She wasnt about to give him any such guarantee.
You have a good day, now, he told her.
You, too.
And dont forget to drill the others, he said, standing up. I dont want any of the principals in this play to feel left out.
CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT
The last person on Silass list to walk out of the library was Nicolette, and she was looking pleased about something. As she passed by the drawing room, she saw Elaine and smiled. It was easy to flag her down. She stopped and came over, looking as if nothing could bother her on a day as sweet as today.
What is it? she said. Im in a hurry. Ive got to drive over to the Cleveland office.
Detective Connery had asked you to stay after the reading, didnt he? I believe he wants to talk some things over with you.
Did he put you out here to follow me if I tried to escape? Nicolette asked, half joking.
No, keeping an eye on you was my idea.
I see, she said, coming closer. Nows the time to be honest, I guess.
Detective Slye said that there was a problem with the name card in the box that has your name on it.
What problem? she said, looking surprised. It was the card Katerina handed me on Friday afternoon, and I dont give a damn what the police say! Theyre playing mind games with me, and I dont like it.
Theyre playing mind games with everyone.
I dont have time for this, Nicolette said, turning to leave.
The cards authenticity is being questioned, Elaine said, trying to think up a quick response. Silas had told her to use the card as a teaser, to lead Nicolette into believing that her card wasnt the original one, but he never bothered to explain how to do it. Her imagination was her only recourse, and her only limitation.
Nicolette looked offended by the implication that the card was a forgery. Since when does a maid relay classified police information?
Again, Elaine didnt answer.
Even if what you say is true, how could the police have run a complete analysis on the card so fast? Everybody knows it takes them days to do an hours worth of work. Cool words were spoken, but Nicolettes manner was far from being cool. She seemed impatient for answers, but Elaine wouldve been also if their places had been reversed. After all, Nicolette was being the recipient of some real whoppers, and it was starting to show.
Why should I answer to you? Nicolette continued. Who the hell are you?
Whatever made you think you could substitute one card for another? Elaine asked, still pressing. Didnt you think lab tests would be able to prove that the card in the box with your name on it isnt the original one?
Nicolette looked stunned but said, Youre as full of bullshit as Carl was. Whats your game, Elaine? And what are you trying to make me say?
The truth.
Im telling you the truth.
Nicolette turned to leave, but stopped when Elaine said, Mr. Kastenmeiers stomach contents revealed a card with your name on it. It was exactly like the others in the box: the same font, the same print, the same paper. How do you explain that?
Whipping around, Nicolette said, If you want to talk to me again, call my lawyer. As she spoke, she pointed her right index finger as if she meant business. The bandage on that narrow, intimidating digit was fascinating; Elaine couldnt stop staring at it. And she was starting to enjoy how easy the lies were coming, and the agitated response she was getting from a woman who always had a level head and a civil tongue was intriguing her. Lying was like eating peanuts; it was hard to stop after the first one.
How did you hurt your finger, Ms. Howard? Did you cut it using Carls straight razor, or did it get burned during the blast?
Nicolettes beautiful, dark face drained of color, and she looked paler than a newborn babys bottom. Her mouth was gaping, and her eyes rolled over black like a sharks does before it bites.
You have a passion for long sleeves and high-button collars, Elaine said. Maybe there are scars on your body and youre trying to conceal them. Now thats just a guess.
Nicolette unbuttoned her collar down to the third button and opened her blouse wide enough for Elaine to see. Then she undid each cuff and held up her wrists. Satisfied? she asked. When Elaine didnt respond, she added, Now kiss my ass. Nicolettes face was turning red and her lips were powder dry. She didnt look scared, just miffed to high hell.
You dont sound anything like a maid, Nicolette continued. But the noise youre making does sound familiar. Silas put you up to this, didnt he?
Before Elaine could answer, the rest of the people who were still congregated inside the library started coming out into the hall. Lois didnt bother to stop; she huffed away from the crowd. She looked like a tornado as she stormed past paneled walls and the delicate fretwork arch at the base of the staircase before ascending the stairs. Everyone else stood aside and just let her blow over. Listening to Carls will mustve taken more effort than she was used to, because her perspiration neutralized the wonderful scent shed been wearing. As she zipped past, Elaine couldnt smell a thing except stale sweat and plenty of it.
Tasia and Silas didnt stop to talk, either; they had their heads together discussing something which seemed very important to both of them. When Connery came out, he didnt look happy at all to find Elaine and Nicolette having a tte--tte. Interfering in police business could get her thrown in jail, but she didnt care anymore. It was just too important for her to determine the truth.
CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE
Detective Connery had the decency to wait until the area had cleared before he proceeded to embarrass the hell out of Elaine. Silass plan seemed to be going well for Silas, but it inevitably left her backside sticking out for everyone to see with a kick me sign on it.
May I speak with you privately? Connery asked her, sounding like her father would before giving her a good scolding.
Of course, she said.
He paused to give his attention to Slye, whod returned as hed predicted in time to see everyone leaving the library. Any luck with those lab reports?
Slye smiled, handing him a couple of papers. You know that little filly downtown has a crush on me, he said. She stayed up all night so she could give me this information.
Or maybe she speeded up the process just to get rid of you, Connery said, examining each paper carefully. Either way, your influence has been invaluable.
Thank you, Slye said. I think.
Why dont you go upstairs and recheck Fridays surveillance tapes. Confiscate them all and write up a report.
Slye nodded, and then gazed at Elaine with a pair of I-gotcha eyes. He trotted up the stairs Lois had taken a few minutes before to do as hed been instructed.
Come with me, Connery told her, folding up the papers in his hands and then putting them in one of his breast pockets. Elaine followed him down the hall and to Katerinas outer office. Pausing only to remove the police ribbon and unlock the door, he held it open for her. After following her inside, he closed the door behind them.
A staring match took place between them until he said, Please, have a seat. She did, and Connery sat down on one of the reception chairs and crossed his arms. You can come in anytime you want and clean up the office. Were done in here.
All right.
I dont envy you the job youve got waiting for you in that bathroom. Lois will want to call in carpenters as soon as possible for repairs, Im sure.
Yes, I understand, Elaine said, nodding.
Now tell me, what are you and Silas up to?
Silas is desperate to find out who killed his father.
We all are. He sighed. I dont want to see two good people get into trouble for obstruction of justice, or for interfering with a police investigation.
Neither do I, sir.
Then we agree. Youll stop playing detective and let us do our job.
I will, but I cant speak for Silas.
I wouldnt expect you to. Ill be talking to him as well. Do you know where I can find him?
I saw him talking to Tasia after the will had been read.
Those two have a lot to talk about.
Sir?
Carl Kastenmeier gave them equal control of all of his assets. Everything he owned is theirs now, including this house and one in California, Texas, and a penthouse in New York City. They got all of his cars, the business, other real estate, the horses. Everything.
Elaine looked surprised. No kidding?
He shook his head. The only exception was the Lamborghini.
One of his cars?
Yes. That one he gave outright to Tasia because he said he couldnt decide which of the two was faster.
A little humor, she said. I didnt think he had it in him.
All told, his assets total well over six hundred and fifty million dollars.
Wow! What about Lois? Didnt she get anything?
Lois got a roof over her head and three squares a day. As soon as she remarries, shes got nothing.
Snickering, Elaine said, Now theres a keen example of Mr. Kastenmeiers generosity. The polo ponies probably got a better deal than his wife did.
Youre right about that, he said, and then paused. Detective Slye and I have had the chance to interview all twenty-four people whod attended Carls last meeting on Friday.
Youve been busy.
It took most of last night and several hours this morning.
What did you find out?
Based on what people had to tell me, the name card issue is that much more interesting.
How so?
Well, before I get specific, Id like to talk to Silas about the cards.
Hes been dying to look at them. As far as hes concerned, the answer is right there in that box.
He may be right.
Looking past Connery, Elaine watched as Silas walked past a bay window, studying the ground religiously. Well, hes right outside, she said, pointing, so Connery turned around to see for himself. What is he doing?
Lets go find out.
Elaine and Detective Connery went out the side door and followed Silas around the house. They ended up next to the room with the indoor swimming pool. The moment Silas saw Connery approach, he said, Detective, youve analyzed this spot next to this window, havent you?
Yes, I have.
What did you find?
One shoe print in the topsoil next to that spirea bush. We lifted it yesterday.
A size seven?
Six-and-a-half.
It appears to be a womans pump. The assailant was either a female, or he was wearing womens shoes.
The print is too small for any of the men who are suspects, thats for sure. Connerys brow narrowed. What size are you, son?
A womans size six-and-a-half would be too big for me to wear, Silas said, sticking his foot out. See for yourself.
Smiling, Connery said, Yes, I see that, but never looked at the boys feet.
Silas looked up, observing the top edge of the house where the mansard roof started. Ive noticed something else about this spot.
Connery nodded. I have, too.
What? Elaine said, but no one answered right away.
Although Silas stepped away from the house, he was still looking up at it. The surveillance cameras are positioned such
that the spot next to this window isnt covered because of the angle of the house, Connery concluded for the boy.
Which means the killer left by climbing out of this window, and the cameras didnt record it because this area isnt accessible to any of them.
Exactly, Connery confirmed.
Did the killer enter the house the same way? Elaine asked, looking from Connery to Silas, and then back again.
No, Silas said. He left this way, but he didnt come in this way.
The window had been unlocked from the inside, Connery said. Residual footprints left behind tell me that the killer was in a hell of a hurry and had no time to conceal them.
How did he get in, then? Elaine asked.
He was already inside the house, Silas said. Id say he came in through the front door. What does that tell you about John, Detective?
John Linton was killed last instead of first as wed originally thought. Connery shrugged. So were left with one question.
Where was Sam Giles all this time? Silas deduced.
Connery smiled with a nod. There is one other thing.
Whats that?
I want you to take a look at the name cards in the box and tell me if anything is unusual about them.
Of course I will, Silas said, leading the way back to his fathers office.
When they got inside the office, Silas walked over to the box of name cards on Carls desk and then paused. May I touch them? he asked, and Connery nodded.
Silas took the cards out one at a time, examining each thoroughly. Theyd been taken out of their vinyl badge holders and had been dusted for prints. I know Marlons card is still missing, he said.
It is, but Im not too concerned about it.
Why? Because he doesnt have size six-and-a-half feet?
The detective smiled at the boy. No, because he doesnt wear ladys pumps.
Only the women at the meeting are suspects?
Thats right.
There were seven at the meeting.
Keep looking at the cards, Silas, Connery insisted. Tell me if you see anything unusual.
Did you find something in here? he asked, but the detective didnt answer. Elaine didnt think he would, and neither did Silas. But it was worth a try.
Elaine stood beside Connery, her arms folded, and examined the room while waiting. Itd been a long time since shed been permitted to go in there, and everything looked different somehow.
Her eyes settled on a small snapshot of Tasia on a shelf behind the desk. Tasia was sitting on one of the benches in the courtyard, with her legs drawn up and leaning over to one side. She was all smiles. Wearing a red tank top, white shorts, and brown leather sandals, she couldnt have been much older than thirteen. Carl was also in the photograph, and he was sitting close beside her with his head against hers. He was wearing casual clothes as well, gray sweats, as if hed just finished jogging. Why, he was even smiling, too, and his arm was around her as if he really cared. To an outsider looking in, it wouldve been easy to mistake him for a loving, responsible man.
When Silas picked up Nicolette Howards name card, he gave it a good look and then shook his head.
What is it? Connery asked him.
This isnt the card I printed.
You did all the rest?
Yes, I did, but this isnt the one I printed for Nicolette.
How can you tell?
The title is wrong, he said. I didnt know for sure if shed be promoted or not that day, so I typed up several cards but chose the one which represented her current position. Silas looked at Connery. And this isnt it.
Theres something else.
What?
The ink used to print her card was from the printer in Katerinas office, Connery said, gesturing toward it from where he was standing.
Wait, I printed all the cards out on the printer in my room. I used my own equipment because I wasnt feeling well. Dad wanted me to stay out of the office because scarlet fever is contagious. He was obsessed with staying healthy and was always afraid of getting sick.
We also found traces of blood on the N key of Katerinas computer. It was your fathers blood.
Are you telling me that Nicolette killed my father and then took the time to print a different card?
I believe she was torturing your father when he grabbed the badge holder off the clothes she was wearing. She tried to get it back, but he
swallowed the card inside it before she got the chance.
Yes. So concerned by the implications of any badge holder being missing from the box, she decided to print another and put it back in there, using a different badge holder.
What about the explosion? Elaine said. Where did she find the time to do all that while everyone in the house was rushing in to see what was happening?
Nicolette must have believed my father was dead before she started printing the new card. Badly injured but not dead, he was aroused enough to kick over the jar of ether in the cabinet under the sink. That would explain why Nicolette doesnt have any burns on her arms or legs. She wasnt in the room when the ether detonated.
And after the explosion, Connery added, there wasnt enough time for her to go back in and finish him off.
CHAPTER FORTY
Connery asked Silas for the CD-ROM hed used to copy the name cards. Turning on the Macintosh in Katerinas office, the detective slid the CD into the drive. Silas, unsure of who was to be promoted and who was to be demoted that day, had made three cards for Nicolette, Marlon, and Alex, and each of those had three separate titles on them. Displaying the right entry on the screen and then using the mouse to jump ahead, Connery bent down to have a look at each one.
Slye came into the room and watched what Connery was doing from over his shoulder. Resting back against the edge of a table, Slye stuck his hands inside the pockets of his trousers. I fast forwarded through sixty hours worth of video tapes recorded between eight and eleven the night of the murders, he said. I saw nothing out of the ordinary, Rein.
I dont doubt it.
What are you doing?
Checking the data on this CD-ROM. Lets look at Nicolettes cards. One says Nicolette A. Howard, Production Manager. The next one reads Vice President of Research and Development, and the third says Vice President of Manufacturing. Connery looked at Silas for some sort of an explanation.
Production Manager had been Nicolettes position in the company prior to Fridays meeting, which is another way of saying Vice President of Manufacturing. Vice President of Research and Development was the title shed been hoping for but didnt know she had because of Dads trick. Vice President of Manufacturing was the title she thought shed been given on Friday, but getting that wouldve meant she still had the same job shed had before the meeting.
And this is supposed to be the card she was wearing at Fridays meeting? Connery said, lifting her name card up from the others in the box.
She wasnt wearing that card, Detective. I assure you.
Examining the card closely, Connery read aloud, Nicolette A. Howard, Vice President of Manufacturing. Shouldnt this say?
Production Manager? Silas interjected, so Connery nodded. Youre absolutely right.
Thats how you knew this wasnt the card youd printed off. Nicolette shouldve copied the card with her old title of Production Manager. Instead, with the demotion heavy on her mind, she reproduced her new title of Vice President of Manufacturing instead. Its the same position only the title is different. So this card had to have been made after the meeting rather than before it.
Thats right. Call it a Freudian slip on her part, but instead of cutting out her old title, she cut out her new one, which represented the demoted status she couldnt possibly have known about until after Fridays meeting. I guess she was in a hurry to replace the card.
She didnt think, Slye said, rubbing his hands together.
Everything she needed to make up a new name card is right here, Silas said. Theres glossy card stock paper in that drawer, vinyl badge holders, scissors, and extra ink cartridges.
We didnt find the glossy paper shed used to cut this from, Connery noted of the card still in his hand. Shed gotten rid of the rest of the sheet.
Of course she did.
Do you remember what Nicolette was wearing on Friday afternoon?
No, I dont recall, Silas said. Why?
Was she wearing a blue suit?
Silas thought for a minute. Yes, a light blue mohair suit, I think.
We found some blue fibers on the pin of that badge holder in Carls hand.
The boy stood up straighter. Well, you must find that suit then. Youll need a warrant to search her house.
Connery nodded. I agree with you. Dont worry, the warrants already been taken care of.
If we can match those fibers, Ill be home for dinner tonight, Slye said as if that was his top priority.
Maynard, do me a favor and track down Nicolette, Connery said. Ive got some questions for her.
Sure thing, Slye said, walking out the door and heading toward the library.
When we analyzed each of the cards, Connery told Silas, we found your fingerprints on all of them except this one. He held Nicolettes card up higher before letting it drop back down into the box with the rest.
All the evidence you have is circumstantial, Silas said. You dont have anything solid.
If we find that suit. Connery began.
Itll probably be dry cleaned by now, Silas concluded. Besides, mohair is a commonly used fabric.
But the texture and color may be unique enough for us to pinpoint it to a specific article of clothing.
Any shyster worth his horns can take everything you have so far and come up with all sorts of legal reasons to get her off.
What do you suggest?
I think we should use Dads stomach contents to get what we want.
And what is that, exactly?
A confession.
Shes already been led to believe that the card in your fathers stomach had her name on it, Connery said. If that didnt prompt a confession from her by now, its not going to.
We cant let her get away with murder! I want her to pay for what she did to my father.
She will, Silas. Youre just focussing on the wrong thing.
What do you mean?
All of your efforts have been directed toward your fathers murder, which was a vicious, premeditated act executed with great thought and very little emotion. I mean, the perpetrator had enough wit about her to drape plastic over her clothes, wear gloves, and even make a new card. Killers tend to flub things up when their consideration lies elsewhere.
Meaning?
You catch a crook by focussing on whatever theyve done in haste, without thinking things through.
Mulling that over for a minute, Silas asked, You mean the way John Linton was killed?
Connery nodded again. Thats exactly what I mean.
CHAPTER FORTY-ONE
Im afraid youre in trouble, Nicolette, Connery told her after Detective Slye brought her into the office. I think we have enough evidence to arrest you for the murders of Carl Kastenmeier and John Linton.
She held her beautiful, brown chin up higher. I want my lawyer.
You can ask for a lawyer, but arent you interested in hearing what weve found out?
Not really.
I have a warrant to search your house, Connery told her. Why dont you save me the trouble by telling me where the blue suit you were wearing on Friday is.
Its hanging in my closet.
Did you clean it?
Of course I had it cleaned. Is there a law against that?
We lifted a shoe print from the ground in back of this house. I believe the print belongs to the killer.
Accusations and innuendo dont hold up well in court, do they?
No, they dont.
Then we finally agree.
Would you please give me the pepper spray you have clipped to your purse? Connery held out his hand until she gave it to him. Taking the container, he dropped it inside the breast pocket of his shirt.
John Linton was a strong man, he continued, but somebody incapacitated him before he was murdered. There was a cattle prod beside his body, but it was inoperable. Hadnt been used in years.
Nicolette stood back, scratching her brow.
Besides, the electrical burns on Lintons chest and arms dont match the head of the prod. There were two little marks close together on his chest and right arm. What those marks do match up to is a standard, handheld stun gun like this. He pulled one out of a drawer and held it up for her to see. Like the one you carry for protection.
Go ahead and check my purse. You wont find a stun gun, I promise you.
I dont doubt it, Connery said, but you seem to be a very organized person, Nicolette. Very thorough. I wouldnt be surprised if you keep important documents in file folders.
I do. So what?
You probably have medical and tax records, warranties on appliances, sales receipts for pepper spray and stun gun purchases. Why, Id even bet you saved the instructions.
If I did, what would that prove?
That youre a liar, Slye said. You just said you didnt have a stun gun.
I had one, but I lost it.
Where? Slye asked in that condescending tone of his.
If I knew that then it wouldnt be lost, would it?
Connery held up the stun gun again. We found this one in a pile of horse manure on the property. If we search your house, will we find that the one described in your files matches this?
If it does match, then I should thank you for finding it for me.
Oh, it matches, all right, Slye said. Your fingerprints were all over the batteries inside.
You cant prove that it was used on John.
There was a charred piece of flesh on one of the prongs, Connery said. It was Johns.
So whoever killed him found it in the yard where Id dropped it. So what? What youre saying doesnt prove a thing.
Stun guns are illegal in Michigan, Slye said. We could give you grief over owning one.
Im sure youd love to, she said.
So you had your blue suit dry cleaned, Connery said, changing the subject. Were there any stains on it that the cleaners werent able to remove?
If there were, Im sure you know about them by now. Youve talked to the cleaners about my clothes, havent you?
And what about your pumps?
She sighed. What about them?
He put a plastic bag with a pair of light blue shoes inside on top of an end table. Are these yours? he asked her.
They resemble a pair that I own.
I got them out of your closet this morning, Connery said. Your domestic let me in.
What else did you help yourself to?
Your light blue business suit. Funny, but it was almost threadbare above the left breast. And there was a dark stain here. Pointing to his own chest, he added, What happened? Did somebody yank your badge holder off on Friday?
She didnt answer; she was probably thinking about calling her lawyer again.
Too bad it got messed up because it looked like a brand new suit.
I suppose you confiscated that, too.
I did. Pulling a clear, sealed bag out of a drawer, the bloody plastic which had been at the crime scene was inside it. He put it down beside the shoes. This plastic was worn over the killers clothes, but Carl managed to rip it open. Connery stared at her. Carls fingerprints were all over the front of it.
Shaking her head, she said, You know, Im really not interested.
You should be, he said.
Everything youve told me is all circumstantial, which means youve got nothing.
It all adds up, especially these shoes.
So youve got a pair of my shoes. So what?
You polished them very well. We didnt find a thing on top but boy, the soles told us a lot. He picked them up and pointed to a few places as he spoke. These little grooves here and here were filled with treasure. There was topsoil lodged in those grooves which match the ground outside the room here at the estate housing the indoor swimming pool. This right shoe also matches the print we found. The grooves are like fingerprints, you know.
So?
Topsoil had lodged so tight in this right groove that it preserved a smidgen of B positive blood under it. The lab boys had no trouble at all figuring out whose blood it was. The blood belongs to Carl Kastenmeier.
Nicolette gestured with her hands as if to express how inconsequential his findings were. I mustve worn those shoes when I came on Saturday morning to talk to you.
You were wearing a green skirt and jacket. You wouldnt wear blue shoes with a green suit. Besides, no one was allowed in Carls office until all the evidence had been gathered.
You have the right to remain silent, Nicolette, Connery continued. Anything you say or do may be used against you in a court of law. You have a right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed to you by a court of law.
Is that supposed to scare me?
Do you understand these rights as Ive explained them to you?
I understand them perfectly.
Good, Connery said. How did you hurt your finger?
Raising her bandaged finger, she gave it a good look. You tell me, she said.
All right, I will. I think you scraped it up on that cinder block used to kill John. We found the blood type O positive on the block along with Johns O negative. We assume the positive blood belongs to his assailant.
I see.
Whats your blood type, Nicolette?
A smile came to her easily, and she shrugged her slender shoulders. O positive, she said.
We also took the liberty of obtaining another court order. Its for you to submit to a blood test.
It figures. She sat down in a chair as if she felt tired. Do you know what its like to sweat blood for someone for ten years and not get the credit you deserve?
It must have made you feel insignificant and unappreciated.
Yes, it did! she said, nodding vehemently.
Tell us what happened on Friday night.
I went to Carl and started pleading with him to change his mind about putting Marlon in the drivers seat. He just sat there smirking as he slobbered on a glass of brandy. Why, he didnt even seem surprised to see me in the house that late. Nothing ever surprised that man, but he always had plenty of surprises for the rest of us.
I put on a piece of plastic that had been covering a suit hanging in one of the closets, she continued, and I picked up his cane. I whacked that smirk right off his face. It felt good to see him lying at my feet, helpless. She looked at Connery. It was like a Kodak moment, you know?
What happened then?
While he was down, I took that stupid thread from his desk and tried to make him eat it. When he took off limping down the hall, and I went after him and cornered him in the bathroom. That son of a bitch pulled a razor blade on me. Me! I shouldve cut his head off with it.
I hit him again with the cane until he dropped the straight razor, she continued. I tried to break the cane over his head.
I can understand why youd want to kill Carl, but why kill John?
When she smiled, her beautiful brown face almost looked demonic. Oh, I went looking for him, she said.
You wanted to kill him?
More than anything. Im only glad I got the chance. She looked at Slye as if she wished hed been the third casualty on her list, and then paused to shoot a glance at Silass uncompromising face. Oddly, she considered Elaine with more respect than anyone else in the room.
You know what Im talking about, dont you? she asked Elaine.
Excuse me?
You worked for Carl, so you know. You understand how he was.
Mr. Kastenmeier was a hard man to work for, Elaine admitted, but he didnt deserve to die.
Oh yes, he did. Did he ever make you wear a piece of thread?
Yes, Elaine said. It was hard to admit that.
Then you know what Im talking about, Nicolette said, and then looked at Connery again. He gobbled up that name card pretty fast. I was really worried about it. You had me going for awhile, but you really couldnt read it, could you?
Nope, Connery said, folding his arms and leaning back against the wall.
Tell me something else: that cattle prod in the barn?
Yes?
It still works, doesnt it?
It sure does, Connery said.
I thought so. Were you really able to tell which had been used, the prod or the stun gun?
Does it matter?
I guess not.
Tell me something, Nicolette, Connery said. How does Sam Giles figure into all of this?
I got a good view of his ass as he ran away. The moment he saw John drop, he headed for high country.
Did Sam see your face?
He sure did.
Looking pensive, Nicolette rubbed her forehead as if something else was bothering her. How is Tasia doing? she asked out of the blue, staring at Elaine. It was easy to figure out what she wanted to know.
Shes doing great now, Elaine said. She wants to get sober and everything. Theres even talk of her getting married to Zach afterward and starting a family. I guess you could say shes finally happy.
Thats great news. Im so happy for her. Shes been through more than any of us.
Tasia was only nine years old when I met her for the first time, Nicolette added with a smile. Her eyes were so full of hope back then. Her smile faded. It killed me to stand by and watch that hope die slowly, day by day.
Shes getting it back, Elaine said.
Good. Im glad to hear it. So many times I shouldve helped her, but I didnt. My job was just too important. Tell her how sorry I am that I never tried to help her. It still tears me up inside to think about it.
I will.
CHAPTER FORTY-TWO
Watching Tasia pack up her things was upsetting for Elaine. Theyd grown quite close, and the feeling had never been stronger than it was today. And leaving seemed just as hard for her. All of a sudden, between stuffing cocktail dresses and expensive lingerie into a suitcase, Tasia stopped what she was doing and gave Elaine a big hug. It was easy to return the favor. When Tasia pulled away, she held Elaine at arms length and looked at her.
Youll be missed, Elaine told her, and that made her smile so beautifully. She never looked better.
And so will you, Tasia said, wiping a tear away from her cheek. Stop it, now. If I start crying, I can kiss my mascara good-bye. She turned to stuff more dresses into the suitcase.
Do you think Sam Giles will get into trouble for knowing about Nicolette but not coming forward?
Tasia laughed. Maybe for awhile, she said, but Sam is the smoothest talking devil Ive ever met. He could sweet-talk his own mother out of her pension. Guys like him dont stay in trouble for long.
Elaine nodded. When do you have to check into the drug treatment center?
By noon tomorrow. I guess they wanna try and finish me off by forcing me to eat one of their lunches.
What, all the drugs havent killed you but the food will?
Thats about the size of it. Dont worry, though: the first week will be the toughest. By then, I will have weaseled my way into the kitchen.
You sure can cook.
Im going to be the best thing thats ever happened to those junkies, let me tell you. Sniffling, she rubbed the back of her neck and shoulder blades as if they felt stiff. I love you, Elaine.
I love you, too. I also respect and admire you more than youll ever know.
Dont make me out to be some kinda hero. Most people wont see it that way when they find out about how Ive been living my life for the past fourteen years.
I dont care what other people think. You shouldnt, either.
Elaine, I never thanked you for saving my life.
Oh, yes you have. Many, many times, and in so many different ways.
Tasia smiled again and nodded her head. Detective Connery ordered me to see a shrink for at least a year over the incestuous experiences Ive had. You know, the abuse and all the psychological bullshit. I hadnt realized how much all of that bothered me, but I guess being mistreated by anyone at such a young age leaves its mark.
It certainly does. Zach will help you through it.
Zach. Im gonna die waiting to get out of rehab to be with him. Its a six-month program.
Think about how much better things will be when youre off the drugs. Life is going to be so wonderful for the two of you.
Yes, but then again theres Vic. What will become of him?
I think Silas has plans for him in the company.
Ive heard those rumors, too. But in Vics condition, I dont think hell be well enough to work for anybody.
Ever since Mr. Kastenmeier was killed, he doesnt drink nearly as much as he used to. With a little help, I think he can stop drinking altogether.
I hope thats true, Tasia said as she closed the last case and snapped it shut. Well, Id better get going if Im going to catch my plane.
Do you have your ticket?
I sure do. She pulled it out and looked it over. One way. Im never coming back here again.
Let me help you carry your bags.
Thanks, she said, lifting the larger of the two, and then waiting for Elaine to pick up the other. Only pausing once to give the black beeper on the nightstand a good, hard look, she sighed and gave Elaine an encouraging nod.
As Tasia left the room, Cameron met her in the hall. Let me have those, he said, taking the suitcase out of her hand and then taking the one Elaine was carrying. Ill put them out in the car.
Thanks, Cameron.
He hesitated, standing in front of Tasia with a case in each hand. So tell me something, he said. Now that youre worth about three hundred million dollars and are technically one of my employers, what do I call you? Maam? Ms. McAvoy? Your Highness?
Tasia will do, she said. Im going to be a silent and very invisible partner in this operation, I assure you.
And I assure you, you will be missed.
She smiled, taking him by the neck to draw him near. After kissing him on the cheek, she wiped the lipstick away with her thumb. He didnt say anything more; he took off down the stairs to put the suitcases in the car with the rest of them.
I have made one decision for the company, though, Tasia told Elaine when they were alone again.
Whats that?
Do you remember the steak joint I worked at for awhile? The one Carl bought to smoke me out of it?
Yes, I remember.
I sold the building to the man who owns the restaurant for one dollar.
One dollar? Youre kidding me!
Nope. Mr. Dalmasio was a very happy guy after those papers were signed, believe me.
Ill bet.
They descended the stairs together. When they entered the kitchen, Heather and Betty were waiting there for Tasias sendoff. Exchanging hugs and kisses, they told one another how much each would be missed. Tasia accepted the good tidings from Heather, but she seemed amused by Bettys newfound consideration.
Silas and Vic were the last people she met up with, and she seemed glad to see them. Stopping out in the entrance hall, they took a few minutes to chat.
Wed like to wait with you at the airport, Tasia, Vic said, scratching his chin with a trembling hand. Its a sad day to see you go.
You know how much I hate saying goodbye, especially in public places. Lets just say it here and be done with it.
Id wanted to tell you about the changes I plan to make in the business, Silas said.
Thats all up to you, Tasia told him. I dont wanna have anything to do with the company.
You control as much of it as I do.
Whatever you decide, Ill back you one hundred percent. You can count on it.
There is something you should know. I want Uncle Vic to become the Executive Vice President of Research and Development.
Vic gave Silas a bug-eyed pause, and then slowly started shaking his head. I dont think I.
You could if you tried, Silas told him.
Tasia looked at Vic with much affection, but she had to admit, Hes not up to the task right now, Silas.
I realize that, but if he lays off the booze, he could be an asset to the company. After all, hes the one who got the whole thing started in the first place. Without him there wouldnt be a company.
I agree, she said, turning to Vic again. And when you do get sober, I want you to control my share. To me, the business has been yours all along.
It has, Silas agreed, and Tasia reached over and gave the boy a hug.
I dont want to let you kids down, Vic said. Glancing over Tasias shoulder, he peered through the leaded sidelight next to the front door. How much room do you have in that tub outside? May I come with you?
To rehab? You mean it?
I do, he said. Ive got a lot to offer you kids. My days of messing up are over. Now that Carls gone, my responsibility is to you now, and its time I dried out and helped you.
Tasia hugged Vic and gave him a kiss. I cant think of anything Id like better, she said, caressing his shoulder. I love you, Daddy.
I know you do, little girl. I know it.
Lets go.
Wed better get going before I change my mind.
Take care of yourself, Silas said. Both of you.
You, too, son, Vic told him, tousling his hair.
And Ill expect you back, Uncle, as soon as youre well enough to leave that place.
Vic shook his head. I wont let you down. Not this time.
Tasia grabbed Vics arm and walked down the entryway with him. Digging inside her purse, she pulled out a set of house keys and put them into a mahogany wall pocket. Letting them drop looked as if it felt good. Before they passed through the front door, Silas said, See you soon.
You bet, Vic said, allowing Tasia to step through first before going out himself.
Pausing at the threshold, Tasia stared up into the hazy morning sky. After drawing in a deep breath, she descended the portico steps. Sam approached her, so she stopped and spoke to him. He seemed sad to see her go. They ended the conversation with a hug, and he watched as she went to the limousine Cameron had waiting.
Cameron held the door open for her until she got in, and then closed it after giving her a wink. The windows were tinted so that Tasia could no longer be seen. Vic helped himself to the front seat beside the driver, laughing and joking with Cameron before getting in. After nineteen years, both father and daughter were finally off to a good start, and it couldnt have come at a better time.
As Vic and Tasia drove off together, moving slowly through the newsmen still camped by the gate, Lois emerged with a client shed been interviewing since early morning. She was trying to fill the position of painting the walls and ceilings of the house that Zach Cutteridge had vacated. As she and the bearded young artist passed by, she stood beside Elaine for a moment. The lady of the house smelled great, like jasmine and Grasse roses, and she was wearing a very elegant, lavender dress. The entire foyer smelled of Jean Patous Joy.
Surprisingly civil, Lois bowed her quietly aging head in greeting, and Elaine did the same to her. The show of respect was welcome, of course, but only done to acknowledge the changing of the guards. Elaines importance grew only because Lois wanted to stay in Tasias good graces.
Now over here is a most dreadful center dome that I want made livelier, more attractive, she told the man as they walked on. He nodded and looked extremely attentive, but he didnt say much. Already hed learned that all the sweet-talk in the world wasnt going to take the place of what only his hands could tell the lady of the house. If he didnt measure up, he knew hed be out by this time next week.
Betty stepped over to where Elaine was standing, and Heather followed her. Theres a real mess waiting for us in the office, Betty said. The blood is soaked through and theres soot and ash everywhere. Well do the best we can at it, is all. Were not miracle workers.
A mans coming to survey the damage at noon, Heather said. She used her fingers to help her count, her lips moving with each number. Thats four hours from now.
Yep, Elaine agreed, looking at Betty and nodding her head. Wed better get started if we want a chance to break in the new chef by lunchtime.
CHAPTER FORTY-THREE
Elaine wasnt sure if she should go to Carl Kastenmeiers wake or not. She hadnt known him for very long and she certainly didnt like him, but she liked and admired his son. So, for Silass sake, she put on her best black dress and called a cab out to the estate to take her to the service.
When she arrived at the funeral home, she was surprised to find the parking lot fairly empty. Cameron was standing next to the limo, keeping himself busy by sipping a hot cup of coffee. As Elaine got out of the cab, he sat his cup down on a curb and removed his hat. He walked over to her and raised his hand in greeting.
Youre going to the old mans send off? he said. I dont believe it.
Am I too early?
Nope.
I hope Im not too late.
You arent.
Well, where is everybody?
Silas is inside. I brought him.
And Mrs. Kastenmeier?
She didnt come. The grande dame has to look over the new painters shoulder to make sure hes doing everything right.
And Vics with Tasia.
Where he belongs, I might add. Youll be happy to know that he made good on his promise to check into that rehab program. Tasias paying for everything.
I hope Silas isnt here alone.
Alex and Marlon came, as did other company representatives. Katerina Waltke, the old mans secretary, is the executrix of his will. I guess you could say her sense of duty drew her here. Reporters had a camera crew set up about an hour ago, but theyre all gone now. They could tell that there wasnt much of a story going on here, and therefore didnt want to waste their time. Im afraid the news media has become preoccupied with Tasia. Shes the next icon theyve targeted: shes rich, shes beautiful, and shes so damned mysterious. Great press, huh?
I guess.
Once they figured out that she was a no-show, they packed up and left.
Some local politicians either sent expensive floral arrangements or showed their faces to garner support from the family, he continued. Heather Trumble was the only one who came because she didnt have the sense to know she didnt have to. Sams here, but that kiss ass wouldnt miss an opportunity to make more brownie points, now would he?
Man, Elaine said as if she couldnt believe it. If you dont live right, it catches up with you, doesnt it?
Sure does.
What about you? Arent you going inside?
Of course not.
See you in a few minutes, then.
Ill be here, he said as he waved her on.
Inside the funeral home, Alex, Marlon, Katerina, Sam, and Heather stood together in the lobby. A few plant managers were with them. Is Silas inside? Elaine asked Heather.
Yes, and hes so sad. Crying and everything.
I dont doubt it.
Detective Connery stepped out of the viewing room, carrying a coat over his left arm. Oddly, the moment Marlon saw the detective, he started patting himself down as if he were trying to find something. Ive got it, he said as those around him looked on inquisitively. Here, he declared, pulling a rumpled, plastic badge holder out from one of his pockets and then handing it to Connery. I told you I had it. It had fallen under the seat of my car.
Yes, Connery said, his eyebrows rising as he held the badge holder up to the light. This is yours, all right.
It is, he said proudly. What else can I do to help you, Detective?
Go home and get some rest, was the only advice Connery could give him.
If youll excuse me, Elaine said, Id like to offer Silas my condolences.
As Elaine walked inside the viewing room, the first thing she noticed was Carls white face looking as solemn as ever in the open casket. Also obvious was how much Silas stood out, his being the only person sitting in one of the more than three hundred seats available. The size of the room made him seem even smaller.
Elaine sat next to him and he acknowledged her by saying hello. Not many people came, he said.
Funerals are just too sad for some people.
I guess. But thats not why no one is here, is it?
How are you holding up? she asked him, and he shrugged.
Okay, I guess. I only wish mom was here.
I know.
I trust you, Elaine. Anybody can clean a house. What I need is a confidant. I want you to be my governess.
But Im not qualified.
In my opinion, youre more than qualified and exactly what I need. He stared at her as if he meant that. So, what do you say?
All right. You know Ill be here for you for as long as you need me.
Well, that should be for a lifetime, he said. I hope Uncle Vic sobers up. I cant run the business without him.
Im sure he will. Elaine put her arm around him, rubbing his back. Ill leave now and give you time to grieve.
Will you stay until the service is over? I want to go home with you, if you dont mind.
She stared at him to let him know that her loyalty could never be questioned. Ill be right out in the lobby, she said, and she could see him rest easier.
Elaine got up and paused a moment to look at Carl lying in the elaborately handcrafted, mahogany casket. He was wearing an Armani three-piece suit, which was a gray, six-button double-breasted cashmere number with side vents and form-fitting shoulders. A lighter gray shirt and a silk tie exactly matched his incredibly sleek suit. The cap-toe leather lace-ups on his feet were the best money could buy. Every hair on his head was neatly in place, and his fingernails had recently been manicured and polished. One white lily lay across his chest, and that was too bad. It was almost a given that hed rather be toting a spool of red thread to his grave, and the brighter, the better.
When Elaine stepped out of the room, she found that those whod been in the lobby had left already. She couldve slipped out just as easily. But instead, she sat down in a wooden chair and stared out into the bright sunlight coming in through a small side window. It was open, and a gentle breeze touched her face as softly as a kiss.
She wasnt budging without Silas.
###
Other books by B. A. Braxton:
Pigeon Blood
Cerulean Skies
Hes Never Lied to Me Yet
Thunderhead: Tales of Love, Honor, and Vengeance in the Historic American West, Books One, Two, and Three
Please take a few minutes to write a review. It helps writers to get better, and makes our books more entertaining for you, too!
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/babraxton
