


Stray

By
Mark Matthews

Author of 
MILK-BLOOD 
and 
On the Lips of Children
 
Copyright 2010: Wicked Run Press

Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author

'Cover photo by David Beatty'

Praise for STRAY

"I loved this book! It was very believable & wonderfully written. Be ready for an intense read that will change your views on addiction." ~Kandes Starlin, Book Reviews by Kandes

Stray is about addiction, yes. But mostly it is about relationships and the bonds that keep us all from going astray. Whether it's your wife or a hardscrabble mutt on the side of the highway, it's the connections to other creatures in the world that give us our forever homes. The writing here is clean, vivid, and wildly empathetic to all the beasties who take shelter in communal spaces. Stray sings. ~ Sacha Z. Scoblic, Author of Unwasted: My Lush Sobriety

"A beneficial read for anyone looking for some insight into the world of addiction. Well done Mmark, keep writing, you obviously know what you are talking about!" ~ Verena Scott, One Door Away From Heaven

"The characters are colorful and believable, and I was especially impressed by the author's realistic balance between the tragic despair and the very real hope of recovery that come with addiction. I recommend this book for anyone interested in Aan honest, unvarnished peek into addiction and recovery." ~Ron S.,The Spirit of Recovery

 

Stray is about addiction, yes. But mostly it is about relationships and the bonds that keep us all from going astray. Whether it's your wife or a hardscrabble mutt on the side of the highway, it's the connections to other creatures in the world that give us our forever homes. The writing here is clean, vivid, and wildly empathetic to all the beasties who take shelter in communal spaces. Stray sings. ~ Sacha Z. Scoblic, Author of Unwasted: My Lush Sobriety

"An intriguingbook combining the disease of addiction intertwined with lost dogs looking for a new life. It held my interest to the point where I couldn't put it down. Stray is a book for anyone, but if your family has been touched by addiction, this book will engage you in so many ways." ~Cathy Taughinbaugh, founder of Treatment Talk

Also by the author:
MILK-BLOOD
"A helluva story. Very much recommended."~JOHN F.D. TAFF, author of Little Deaths
"Incredibly powerful. Guaranteed to have you on the edge of your seat."  ~THE HORROR BOOKSHELF
"Brilliantly Clever Book!" ~GREAT BOOK ESCAPES
"An urban legend in the making. You will not be disappointed."~BOOKIE-MONSTER.COM
Mark Matthews is the Stephen King of addiction stories,
~Peter Rosche, author of My Dead Friend Sarah.

Coming Soon, On the Lips of Children
Nominated for 2013s Best Horror Novel by a Small Press by What Horror Looks Like. 

Semi-finalist: 2014 Best Kindle Book Awards ~The Kindle Book Review

One of the scariest novels I have read this year. ~Alicia Banks, The Horror News Network 

"A dark, terrifying page-turner. It's Stephen King's Misery on bath salts. In a cave. It scared the crap out of me." -Michele Miller, author of The 13th Step: Zombie Recovery


STRAY
Chapter One
Thomas Cleaves made a slower-than-usual right turn off of Fairlane Drive, inching his way to work.  The coffee in the cupholder was lukewarm, the sun had finally turned a full, orange circle above the two-story horizon, and the brakes of a school bus shrieked through the morning rush.  
Call me Counselor, call me Therapist, or call me Social Worker, which one should I call myself?  Ive called myself all three.  Tom pondered these thoughts as he took the last gulp of his morning coffee.  He had referred to himself as a counselor to the policeman who had just pulled him over for making an illegal right turn.  Toms license and registration had been ready at the window as the officer approached.  
Where are you off to so quick today, sir?
To work.  Im going to work.  Im a counselor.
Counselor sounded open and warm, but it reminded Tom of a lazy and soft man in an office, like a school counselor, hiding behind a desk to avoid the real world.  Anyone can be a counselor.  Toms clients called him a counselor. 
But it was therapist--Substance Abuse Therapist--that was Toms official job title at the treatment center.  Therapist sounded intellectual, like a man with a beard and glasses; smart and cerebral.  But it also hinted of psychobabble, mental masturbation and was more complex than Tom saw himself.  Therapists had answers, couches, and took notes.  Counselors had ears, wore brightly colored sweaters, and said, So how do you feel about that?
How about a social worker?  Social workers were visionaries, paid nothing, and listened to The Indigo Girls.  They were the renegades and lost liberals on the front line of macro- and micro-changes everywhere.  Tom was a social worker, with a Masters Degree in Social Work.  And his wife, Patty, was a social worker.  The intern Tom worked with, Christy, was a budding, young social worker.  Certainly all three of them were quite different. 
A professor in Toms Masters degree program had explained the differences between the three job titles. 
A Social Worker develops programs to help feed the poor, she had said, and makes sure theres a chicken in every pot.  A Counselor asks them how they feel about getting the chicken.  And a Therapist diagnoses and treats them when they start hearing voices from the chicken telling them to cut their wrists.  
Sometimes Tom thought the whole idea of social work was just a way to let women have power.  Lets figure out what women do best with their natural instincts, and lets give them that status and a paycheck.  Then call me a woman, thought Tom.  And call me an alcoholic, but ten years sober and in recovery.  Also call me a son, but perhaps ten years an orphan--Dad is dead and Mothers moved far away.  
Call me anything or nothing, but dont call me Father or Daddy, not just yet.  
But calling himself a counselor to the police got him off with just a warning; no ticket, just a warning.  A therapist would have been given a ticket for sure, maybe been arrested and beaten.  Theres nothing that a cop would hate more than a therapist--someone who might analyze them, talk about their sublimated homosexual tendencies or anal transgressions, and use them in a case study.  
A social worker may have gotten off too, but would probably have been judged harshly and made fun of as the cop and his partner rode off.  As it was, the cop didnt leave until Tom had expressed his incredible gratitude and was appropriately subservient.  This was proof that Tom had the sensitivity of a counselor but not the snooty intellect of a therapist or the righteousness of a social worker
Sober Tom was also surprised by how simple the process of getting pulled over can be.  Years ago it meant trying to hide the liquor or chew some gum to disguise his breath.  Then hed try to think of something witty yet powerful to say to the cop to keep from spending a night in the drunk tank.  It never worked, and Tom ended up handcuffed in the cop car, drunk and miserable. 
But today Tom could have just told the cop he was rushing to the emergency room, and that wouldnt have been much of a lie.  Toms workplace often felt like a spiritual emergency room where desperate souls got bandaged up and shipped out.  Well try to stop the bleeding, but the healing will have to take place somewhere else.  But Tom loved it on most days.  It was raw and explosive, spiritual warfare against despair, self-pity, and laziness. 
On a good day, it helped to make a difference and it felt like a wonderful spring morning.  On any day it kept Tom fresh.  Today, Tom would no doubt be hearing from sad talking heads telling stories of crack-cocaine hotel stays, fifth-a-day alcohol binges, or the womb-like return from a shot of heroin into their bloodstream.  Reflections and echoes of Toms own life were everywhere in the clients he treated--echoes in their tales and reflections in their twinkling, black-hole eyes. 
Except most of the clients he treated had earned the right to be called Father.  Not him; but he wasnt done trying yet. 
Tom drove on and took a quick glance at a man to his right who tapped a white, red-tipped cane as he journeyed down the sidewalk.  Tom always saw the man counting his steps.  He could never really see his lips, but just assumed the man was counting and this image burned in his brain even long after he had driven by the man.  The man was counting his steps, tapping his white, red-tipped cane from side to side, and making turns in perpendicular angles when needed.  He wore the same gray jacket and baseball hat, and Tom felt happy to be alive every morning when he saw the blind man.  Everybodys got their place, we all have our place in the great flow of things; we just have to allow ourselves to be pulled there.  Like the blind man, who had every reason to be cemented in fear but knew where to go, just let the rivers flow take me where it needs me; I trust it, and trust my cane will tap tap tap me safely home.  Just be careful not to make an illegal right turn along the way. 
Tom could always tell if he was late to work or not by how far the blind man had traveled down the sidewalk.  If he was on time, the blind man had just finished crossing Fairlane Drive.  If early, Tom saw him just about to cross the road--an amazing, Moses-like miracle every morning.  But if Tom was late, the gray figure was already half-way down the street, at about the same place he was this morning as Tom drove by. 
Tom never did see where the blind man was going.  What was the final destination for this kind, shrouded, fatherly figure?  Perhaps, some day when Tom was really late, he would see the shuffling man turn into a building, stop at a doorway, wait for a bus, or at least not be alone for once.  Tom would be disappointed again today.  He was still not late enough to figure out what was pulling this brave soul out into his dark world every day. 
My dads specter, still condemned to walk the earth and keep an eye over me, thought Tom.  All Tom could remember from his dads life and death was a mix of bitterness and vodka.  His dads funeral was many years ago but, despite the burial, the father wasnt really dead yet. 
The day had tattooed itself forever into his insides. 
Tom had gone to his dads wake drunk that day, and stood over the casket with an aching pain that burned, so he paced the funeral home, hoping the hurt would go away.  It didnt, and required quick trips to the parking lot to drink a half-pint, and then returning with a breath mint, but the ghosts of pain, fear, and thirst followed him.  For two days he went through the haze of seeing Dad in the casket, a mannequin zombie lying there.  
Just to make me feel guilt, Tom decided, as if I had killed him and then embalmed the cadaver myself.  
So Tom drank.  He drank, and felt settled, until he began to shake.  His spine trembled with cold, sweaty shakes each morning.  He threw up in the funeral-home bathroom, and scrubbed the vomit off his tie.  Relatives hed have rather seen dead began shuffling in, trying to comfort him. 
And then there was the funeral morning when the seizures hit.  The seizures sent his body convulsing, tiny spiders crawling across his arms and back, everything aching and cramping and begging for more vodka, more vodka.  But vodka wasnt enough for this day.  The cramps came back stronger, the shakes and sweats increasing with a tidal wave might, tingling electric.  The seizure sent him sprawling onto the ground that morning like an epileptic, hallucinating that the pattern on the carpet was turning into tiny bugs and sea barnacles that were attaching themselves to his body.  He could hear the blood pulsing in his neck and through his temple.  And then the melting voices that started first whispering, and then screaming into his ear from the funeral homes cracks.  Somewhere in the cacophony there was the voice of his dad you will kill again--youre not done yet.  The voice faded away with his consciousness. 
He didnt cry on the casket; he went to detox--hallucinating with delirium tremens--on the day of his dads funeral.  He laid in detox for three days, the detox he had been at so many times before, but this time he went to therapy and treatment and stayed sober.  The date of his last drink of an unknown amount of Popov vodka was the morning of his fathers funeral.  The sobriety date he celebrates every year was the first morning his father spent buried beneath the dirt.  And now he goes to work each day, providing therapy to others who are just ghosts of his former self.  
No, not done yet. 
Chapter Two
The blood of a stray dog was flowing on the streets of Fairlane Drive.  The edges of the puddles were slowing to a halt where, just minutes ago, the flow had been in steady, heartbeat spurts out of the Golden Retriever.  Internal bleeding from a shattered liver and fractured lung had filled his abdomen.  His hip was crushed; one leg was cemented into the black pavement, but the front paw was the last to go, clawing helplessly at the air toward its never to be reached destination. 
It was only a few hours before, and four miles away, that Mandy Gestalt had been clinging to the vibrant body of Petey.  Mandy had been sent on a timeout to her room, and was happy to find Petey waiting there for her.  Mandy held the dogs face so they could gaze into each others eyes.  Then they hugged, and Mandy buried her face into the soothing smell of his fur coat.  A sort of deep waking-sleep took over, and Mandy escaped from the world of time-outs, disappointments, and the new baby brother who had been anointed as The King of her House.    
 They had picked up the retriever at an Adopt-a-Pet day at the Argos Animal Shelter.  They told Mandy she could pick out her very own dog, as long as the dog was friendly with her new baby brother, Joseph.  Joseph was now eight months old and starting to crawl.  Mandy had fun with the new baby brother for months, amazed at his newness and fragility.  The whole family seemed happy and Mandy was so proud to be taking care of little Joey-Boo.  She learned to feed Joey by holding the bottle at an angle, and to help her mom change him by fastening the Velcro straps on his diapers.   
But Joey-Boo stayed around forever; he couldnt be put away.  And he couldnt be touched or hugged like this, or like that, or else Mommy said hed be hurt.  Sometimes hed cry on purpose to get her in trouble.  He was born with more love from Mom and Dad--and everybody else who was always taking pictures.  Sometimes she imagined a lion eating Joseph.  She could hear the lions roar and see Joseph swallowed in one bite.  Then Joseph would be gone forever, and she and the lion would be happy.  But other times she saw herself keeping Joseph safe from the lion--Mandy the brave, and the lion whimpering away with Mandy standing proud. 
But today was her day, and a dish full of dog food was put on the kitchen floor before they even went to the pound, as her daddy called it.  All four of them went that day, and Mandy could tell she was special.  It was a trip just for her, and her heartbeat flowed with the joy of childhood, and her smile was shinier than the winter sun. 
They entered the shelter and high-pitched barks could be heard in the background.  Mandy had to blink her eyes when the yelps were especially piercing.  Bulletin boards hung on the walls, and ancient scents drifted in the air from thousands of dogs who had passed through the shelter.  Workers were busy with paperwork or shuffling up and down the hallways. 
An elderly lady stood in the shelter lobby and fidgeted with her car keys.  A small, black-lab-mix stood quietly beside her, and Mandy made eye contact with the dog and tried to give a little wave but the dog looked away quickly.  Mandy figured the lab was scared too--scared of either the screeching, big-dog barks or the lady who held the leash. 
The lady turned to look at the Gestalts. 
Last week, when we took him home, he was so nice, but since then hes too much, she shook her head.  He just doesnt listen, so we got to take him back. 
She was returning the dog and the transaction was nearly complete.  The leash was transferred to a dark-skinned, smiling shelter worker, who reminded Mandy of Ms. Mullins at her daycare.  The dog sniffed the workers feet and seemed comforted, and Mandy wished the shelter worker would take the dog home herself; that she could take all the dogs home and let them all feel safe again. 
Bye, puppy-dog, the lady said as she walked to the door with a quick glance over her shoulder. 
Mandy watched as the dog was led behind the counter and down the hallway deep into the shelter.  What could he have done to deserve this? Mandy wondered.  Why was he brought back?  She had always thought that children and dogs were forever. 
The next few hours were spent looking at different dogs, having faces licked, and spending some time alone with each one they were interested in. 
Remember, Mandy, said her father, youre saving one of these dogs lives.  They are dogs without a home that somebody didnt want anymore.  Somebody took them here because they couldnt take care of them.  Or maybe they just got lost.  You remember last summer when we saw that stray dog and kept trying to rescue it?  How it was scared of us and so kept moving away?
Mandy remembered that, and how they went home to grab some lunch-meat to make the dog come to them, but then found no trace of the dog when they had returned to the road. 
Well, these are dogs just like that who need a new home and a new Mommy.  Its a very important thing that you are doing. 
The workers brought in a pack of misfit-looking dogs and told what they knew about their backgrounds.  There was a nine-year-old Basset Hound mix who had diabetes and moved in slow motion.  He seemed to always be shaking and looked too old.  Then they brought out a poodle-like creature that seemed very happy and ran around in circles.  His owners had lost their house and couldnt take the dog with them, but the dog was terrified of males for some reason, and was especially scared of Mr. Gestalt.  Mandy liked the stoic Rottweiler-Beagle mix she saw next, but when they brought out the chew toys the dog became too aggressive.  The dog was put back into his caged home for other families to look at, and Mandy felt like she should go back home, too. 
Mandy had always imagined just oodles and oodles of playful puppies to pick from.  She expected cute baby pups to be jumping all over her and licking her face as she sat in the middle, cross-legged and giggling.  But the sadness and years on the faces of these dogs were more desperate, like the shuffling patients at her grandmothers old nursing home, faded and weathered, begging for attention.  The dogs were nothing like the infants in the white, fresh maternity ward where Joseph and her mom had stayed for two days. 
Dad, asked Mandy, with the humble voice she would use whenever she really needed help, what's going to happen to the dogs we dont take home?  How long do they have to stay here?  Do they really put these dogs to sleep sometimes, you know, like when they really have to and nobody will give them a home?
Mr. Gestalt paused, the question perhaps requiring a lie.  No, everybody finds a home somewhere, Mandy; some just have to wait longer.  He smiled and looked away, feigning confidence in his answer.  Truth was, he really didnt know. 
But wouldnt it be great if we could take them all home with us? Mr. Gestalt teased.  They could all sleep in your bed and it would be Mandy with her wonderful litter of doggies. 
Mr. Gestalt used his funny voice, but Mandy remained silent.  She studied the ground, refusing to respond.  Her dad bent over and rubbed her head, sending her black-haired bangs dancing across her eyebrows.  The dogs will be okay Mandy, theyll be okay.  We only get one of these--we can only save one.  Let the rest stay here until they find their real home.  They werent all meant to be with us. 
Mandy felt stuck and scared, like she was having a dream where she needed to run, but her legs were stuck in wet cement.  Adopted dogs began leaving with their new families and Mandy could only notice the dogs who wouldnt be adopted, and couldnt think of just choosing one.  She felt completely lost and wanted to forget about getting any dog at all when the dark-skinned worker with the big eyes and long hair came to the room.  Shell know what to do, Mandy thought, she looks like someone with powers. 
We do have a Golden Retriever, the worker said, but he is a day away from being able to be adopted.  We have a six-day limit on how long we hold strays for their owner to claim them.  Its not often that a Golden isnt found by his owner, and he certainly isnt going to last long once a day is up.  He just wandered here from God-knows-where and nobody has claimed him.  I call him Peter, Peter the Rock because hes tough, you can just tell or just Petey, but if you want to adopt him you can call him anything you want. 
A quick education began.  Retrievers are the greatest with new kids.  Plus they are loyal, gentle, and rarely wandered away from home. 
The sandy brown retriever was trotted out like a show-horse and licked Mandy's hands.  He dropped onto his back so everyone could scratch his belly.  Mandy was the first to notice the thin, white stripe of fur that ended in a circle near his neck and looked just like a question mark.  A special dog for my princess, Mandys dad had then declared.  The final test was when the dog sniffed Josephs nose and panted with joyful approval.  After they had all thrown the ball and given Peter some hugs, Mandy proudly pronounced him Petey and they had their dog--assuming the lost owner did not show up. 
Petey remained a stray at the shelter overnight, and the Gestalts came back the next day to take Mandys new present home. 
Petey turned out to be everything Mandy and the whole family could have hoped for.  He was already housebroken, was gentle and playful, and seemed to know that he had found a home with the Gestalts.  Petey liked to sleep under the covers in Mandys bed and would sniff sadly around the house when she was gone.  During baby Josephs feeding time, Petey would sit under the high chair and lick up the mashed peas and carrots that would fall off the spoon, or eat the pretzels Joseph would throw off his tray. 
They even took Petey to be in their yearly family portrait.  The photographer had posed Mandy in the front with her hand softly placed on the dogs head, and her parents stood tall behind her, Joseph cradled in his mothers arms.  Mandys smile was sparkling, and exposed her missing front tooth.  The portrait was made into a Christmas card and mailed as an announcement of the new baby Joseph and adopted dog Petey. 
It was a full year later before things started to unravel, beginning the day that Mr. Gestalt let Petey out while he was raking leaves.  Petey sniffed the brown leaf piles that lay on the lawn and suddenly decided to dart down the street as if chasing some invisible rabbit. 
A neighbor recognized the dog, and returned him, and Petey returned home as happy, joyful, and gentle as ever.  They decided he had been scared by something on the road, maybe.  Three days later, he seemed to be his normal, stay-at-home self--but then he darted off--in the same direction as last time. 
This time he was disciplined with some stern Nos and Bad Dog, and Petey lowered his head in shame, bending his neck as if fearful of being hit and gazing up with sorry, black eyes.  The Gestalts then bought a strong, blue leash for Petey, hoping it would stop the dog from becoming lost or running away from their fragile daughter. 
One day, after a short walk, Mrs. Gestalt unhooked the retrievers leash on the front porch just before opening the front door, and Petey swiftly pivoted and dashed off, running once again down the street.  He ran just like one of those Frisbee dogs trying to chase down the object out of the air, all four legs pumping in a sprint that lasted until he could no longer be seen.  Mrs. Gestalt yelled after the dog in a frantic scream but the mother could only watch as the dogs brown fur swayed in the wind from the speed of his escape. 
Mrs. Gestalts scream startled the neighbors, but nobody could find the lost dog and this time Mandy had to spend a night without Petey in her bed.  Mrs. Gestalt began calling in lost-dog newspaper ads, Mandy started crying more than baby Joseph, and each phone call was answered with a hesitant expectancy. 
It was the Argos Animal Shelter who would eventually end the three-day harrowing of hell for the family.  Petey had shown up sniffing around in the parking lot of the animal shelter where they had originally adopted him. 
Like some fuckin salmon going upstream to lay eggs, or an elephant going to die.  Man, thats weird, Mandy overheard her father say, when he thought she wasnt around.  But they all cried when they picked up their dear salmon and promised to never let it happen again. 
It would have to be the fenced-in back yard for the retriever.  Petey did love it back there, and could stay for hours, and this kept him happy for a few months.  It was one day while the whole family went to a local Coney Island for dinner that Petey realized he could jump the fence.  When the Gestalts pulled in the driveway with a doggie bag of chili fries, the retriever's eyes, which usually turned red in the headlights and were waiting by the fence, were nowhere to be found. 
By the time his body was picked up off of Fairlane Drive and taken to the nearby animal shelter, a six-year-old little girl was crying under her covers. 
Chapter Three
What do you do when the one person you love the most gets taken away, gets torn out of your life?  When the only thing you ever care for dies?  Fuck, does that hurt.  I couldnt stop drinking after that.  I just wanted to die when I saw her lying there.  Just wanted to die with her, so I drank a fifth every morning. 
You were hurt, and thats what alcoholics do when they are hurt, and the one true connection you felt you had was lost.  Broken. 
Silence. 
Tom let his statement of empathy stay out there without further comment.  He was glad he had played the role of kind counselor rather than try to demand authenticity and get to the real issues--the forceful in-your-face therapist.  James was miserable even before his mom died, and the death/grief thing was just a smokescreen, yet Tom knew what it was like to drink your way through the death of a parent; he had done so himself, and remembered his own tears as he watched the client, James White, sobbing. 
James had his eyes shut tight, crying behind his eyelids--but his face was turning red and his head making soft, shaky nods.  The man next to him gave him a pat on the back. 
Just when the silence seemed to have settled over the nine-member therapy group like a rolling fog, and the lights appeared to dim, the group was attacked by a shrilling ring.  Like an alarm clock set way too high, interrupting a not-finished nights sleep, they felt their spines perk up and adrenaline flow. 
Fire drill, um, fire alarm! Tom announced. 
There was the assumption in the group that the shrieking noise was just a drill, or that it was pulled by mistake.  Tom felt the need to take charge immediately, but everyone seemed to adjust and just sat still, so Tom sat still right along with them.  The crying client looked up with relief that everybody was still with him, and a new kind of meditative silence took over even as the alarm continued and seemed to gain momentum.  Heartbeats returned to normal and the shrieking ring became a minor frustration.  All eight of them just sat there silently and still.  The shattering scream was just TV static.  
Just the life of an addict. 
Its no problem, just ignore it and it becomes bearable; we can adapt to anything, any inconvenience.  We can live with crack cocaine-induced paranoia making our stomach boil--or shaking too much to give the liquor-store man the handful of dimes from the car wash returnables.  
Were more miserable than any damn fire alarm can make us, and too scared of life to worry about death.  Its still not hot enough, so dont dare try to save us. 
It was the promise of a cigarette break, rather than the fear of fire or anything that Tom had said, that caused the group to get out of their seats and trample out to the parking lot.  Staff and clients alike were gathered fifty yards from the West Oaks Recovery Center sign, and mingled and smoked as if that was the first time they had seen each other.  The recovery center shared a building with a church and occupied the part of the building that was formerly the nunnery.  Where the nuns once lived was now the West Oaks Recovery Center, a residential substance abuse treatment center for chemically dependent male clients.  Many of the clients were indigent--not necessarily homeless--but state-funded, and their twenty-one days of three meals, counseling, AA meetings, and smoke breaks, were provided at taxpayers expense. 
The fire drill was done out of necessity rather than precaution over a new inspection about to take place.  The inspection required firemen to interview current clients regarding fire-safety procedure.  They couldnt have the clients say they had never heard of fire safety.  It was actually the first real fire drill in four years, and probably the only time the building had been empty--or at least nearly empty.  The priest and four volunteers were still in the building, sifting through clothing donations, and also ignoring the TV static. 
Across the expansive parking lot sat  the Argos Animal Shelter on one side, and the church temple on the other.  It was about thirty minutes before the barking hour at the animal shelter, the time in the afternoon when the dogs were let out and excited barks could be heard echoing in the afternoon air.  Tom paced away from the West Oaks clients and listened for any familiar sounds coming from the caged canines he had seen earlier that week. 
Three days ago Tom had found a Golden Retriever, a beautiful, almost majestic dog with a ridiculous white stripe on its belly, sniffing at the dumpster in the parking lot.  Tom had approached with his fist outstretched for the dog to smell, and the dog had whined and barked before first sniffing and then licking up and down Toms forearm. 
Tom was sure that the dog had just escaped from the pound, but when he brought the retriever back to the shelter, he learned it had been adopted by a family many months ago.  The shelter worker had recognized the dog right away, and she was on the phone immediately to notify the family that Petey was safe.  The retriever had just wandered back to the shelter, zigzagging through the streets, and found his way back to where he was adopted. 
Tom had been amazed at the universe that lay just across the parking lot from his job.  The musty smell of freshly opened dog food and fluffy fur coats was soothing and natural.  It was much more pleasant than the body odor of a substance abuse group in the middle of a ninety-degree August afternoon. 
Why dont I change jobs and work there instead?  The howling creatures would appreciate a counselors assistance much more than the dope fiends at West Oaks.  Plus, he could work along side the dark-skinned female warden of the dogs who floated about the place and showered love on the dogs below. 
Tom remembered watching the woman tend to the animals.  The dogs loved her attention, and pranced back and forth in their particular cages whenever she came near, hoping shed notice them.  Some of them saw Tom as a stranger and tried to guard the place with fierce snarls, while others just lay with their noses inches from a water dish, chin between their paws. 
Tom had pondered over guilt and sadness for the animals, but looking into their eyes, he wasnt sure being caged up was really a crisis in their lives.  Sure, most of them had memories of an easier time, but maybe this was just some holding place with a beautiful female warden to take care of them until their real life began again.  The cages were spacious, and twenty-minute vacations were taken out back in the commons area, like a quick smoke break plus some barking, and then back again.  The animals were oblivious to any need to be saved. 
Tom briefly thought of going back there and taking a dog home.  He could easily just scoop one up and say, its your lucky day.  Would they even let him?  Maybe he and the retriever were meant to be together, but it sounded like they had found his home.  But there were twenty-some other strays there that were looking for a couch and a backyard.  He knew Patty would love it.  Shed love it more than any roses or diamonds or an ultra-thin cell phone. 
Then he remembered this morning.  Pattys ovulation-predictor test showed tonight to be a prime night for egg fertilizing.  Dogs wouldnt go well with new babies, and he and Patty were still--head, neck, toes and groin--fully immersed in the baby-making process.  
Tom and Patty had been trying to get pregnant for months, and even with the years of healthy living and fresh, sober blood pumping through Toms veins, the tremendous amount of swimming creatures had all strayed from their intended course.  The flow of Pattys cycle had arrived each month on a steady basis, each time smashing Toms budding hopes for pregnancy. 
Im just filling the world with blind, lost sperm, getting crushed and killed in the traffic, Tom thought.  If only the tiny, little messengers of my DNA were as smart as the street-crossing blind man. 
The quest to create life in Pattys womb had been a wonderful, monotonous, and scientifically spiritual experience.  With every new test of science--ovulation plotting, sperm count, semen analysis, ultrasounds, HSG test, and negative pregnancy tests--Tom and Patty became closer to each other and their as-yet-unconceived child.  They had time to talk about character traits and personalities, to wonder about trips to the park, and to imagine that look in the eye or a grasping of the pinkie.  They wondered if they were ready for their souls to unite in another human being.  The life they created would surely demand to be nurtured, to be kept alive through fevers and ear infections, vomit and spit-up, and perhaps a wailing shriek of a cry that makes one feel like a helpless idiot who should have never been allowed to conceive in the first place.  And this made them pull out of each other things that needed nurturing first--needed to be awakened before a cry in the night found them much too comatose to respond. 
And sex, of course, was at times routine--with an extra push after orgasm for him, and lying in bed with arms in a hug for her--all to help the poor, lost, white-tailed souls get to their intended destination.  Something was in their way, but they would keep trying and keep trying.  Until then they would just drive to work each day and hope for a late menstrual period.  Life was still beautiful while childless, but it was a bit on hold until that child came. 
Patty had stopped taking birth control months ago.  After many failed attempts at pregnancy, Tom and Patty came up with the wonderful idea to venture to some sacred, natural place to conceive, and took a vacation to Montana during prime ovulation time.  Tom remembered how perfect a place it would have been to conceive another Cleaves child. 
A local at a Bozeman coffee shop had told them about a little-known hiking trail.  They drove to the trail one morning, in the sunny Montana air, and set out hiking along a mountain ridge, scrambling up the rocks here and there, and stopped to look back every so often to see larger, snow-capped mountains behind them.  Their lungs felt a warm burn with the thinning of the air.  The peak seemed just yards away, but a switch-backed trail ventured for a mile to get to the top and the blue, cloudless sky teased them from above. 
They expected to see clear to Canada when they got to the top, but instead found a higher peak, too far to reach that day, and a range that extended to the hazy horizon.  A clear, blue pond fed the Gallatin River in the valley below.  They looked silently for a time, like Lewis and Clark, and gave a cheek-to-cheek hug so they could continue their gaze. 
Patty undid her backpack and pulled out fresh, red apples, fudge graham crackers, and Gatorade and they ate, sitting cross-legged.  All of it tasted like a feast in the fresh air, a meal well-earned with no sign of human life anywhere.  No noise, no traffic--the only sign of human existence was the path created by those who had trod these mountains before them, but everything else just like it had been since the beginning of creation. 
They finished their snack, and the sun became extra warm on their faces.  Patty took off her top and tied it around her waist.  A white sports bra covered her glistening skin.  Tom moved closer to her, standing over her shoulder, and began nibbling on her skin, holding her shoulder flesh lightly between his teeth and moving toward her neck.  He slid his arms across her belly-button, pulling her buttocks close, and their blood began to flow like the blue river in the valley below. 
How long do you think it would take to get down there? Patty asked, surrendering into the embrace. 
Im sure it looks closer than it is, but its all downhill; I think we can do it. 
Good, well come back for this.  She put the backpack down, and began to dart down the trail toward the mountain valley lake. 
The trip downhill was light and expectant with quick steps, a light jog, and then bouldering down the switchbacks winding down the mountainside.  They were short of breath, breathing harder with each step but gaining energy.  They slowed as they approached the lake, began stepping deliberately, and continued as if walking into a church and ready to genuflect. 
The pond was still and clear; only a distant rustling could be heard, and it was a perfect mirror for Tom and Patty to gaze into.  Their reflections stood tall against the backdrop of the mountain, both of them smiling in child-like accomplishment.  Patty tapped the lake with her toe, rippling away the reflection, and looked around sheepishly.  Guess well have to go au naturel, and she immediately began stripping, draping her sports bra over a rock.  She slipped out of her sandals, her shorts, her underwear, and Tom followed.  Her breasts were shining bare in the mountain sun, and her buttocks made a small wake while gliding into the water.  She screamed playfully as the lake engulfed her groin and rose over her belly button.  She turned to look at Tom with a smile, and then allowed her whole body to submerge. 
Toms hands were clumsy on his clothes, and his heartbeat burned with energy that shot through his body.  His reflection rippled on his way into the lake.  They hugged each other in the waist-deep water, pressed into each others lips, and rocked their hips together, the only noise to be heard the water splashing harder with each thrust.  They climaxed in unison, her fingernails digging into his back, his hands pulling up on the backs of her thighs. 
A long, chest-pressing hug in the water brought them back to earth. 
I love you, Patty, said Tom as his body went soft and the stillness returned to the lake. 
The hike back was meditative, hazier and relaxed, with no rush to get anywhere.  Patty and Tom had both felt that all the natural energy must have infused some spirit into her womb.  Something magnificent had happened that day, and it was good.  But the results were once again negative.  One stripe instead of two appeared on the plastic strip that they placed atop the bathroom sink. 
It was later that they realized that the lake might not have provided the best environment for pregnancy.  The water probably washed some of the sperm away--the tiniest fish in the lake, and definitely the most lost as they strayed downstream. 
The fire drill was over and everyone signed their names to be accounted for before returning to the building.  It seemed extra quiet now.  Tom thought about going straight to his car and just skipping out early, hoping nobody would notice.  His group notes werent completed yet, so he changed his mind and returned, planning for some quiet paperwork time in his office.  Before he could hide, the familiar face of an ex-client appeared in the reception area. 
Upon seeing an ex-client, Tom always heightened his senses.  It was a very strange moment where one had to figure out is this guy staying sober, or is he strung out again?  Clients were always returning.  Sometimes they looked wonderful, with that early-recovery shine, brightness in their eyes and healthy skin tone.  Their sober blood was pumping life and existence was good.  Ive found my place in the universe, their look would say, or at least I havent fucked it all up the last few weeks, and something good might happen today, so lets see.  Tom kept in contact with a handful of these ex-clients, happy infants in the sober world. 
Other times they came back looking for another twenty-one days of treatment, with tales of why they didnt stay sober, how things got worse, and how they should have listened. 
But perhaps the most difficult times were when they stopped in because they were driving by, said things were going just great, but something didnt seem right.  Their dotted eyes looked a little glossy and timid and examined the ground or the sky when they talked.  Their faces looked blotchy with pale skin and gaunt cheeks.  Or maybe they laughed a bit too loudly or boasted too much.  You could smell fear, anger, confusion.  And if you werent careful, you could feel your own energy getting sucked in.  Like some sort of parasite returning to its host, their depression fed off you and, for a moment, you could feel what it was like to be them, trapped and hopeless.  All of this happened, of course, unless you could tear yourself away with some lies about needing to make a phone call or something.  But then you can walk away from the miserable wretch with gratitude, because you know what its like, youve been there, youve been the miserable wretch, and but for the grace of God, you can be it again. 
Hello, sir, Tom greeted the man whose name he couldn't remember.  What can we do for you today?
They met each others eyes, but Tom still couldnt think of the persons name.  Just foggy memories came back of bile rising in his mouth while listening to this strange client--a queasy, sinking feeling of always being lied to, but what else?  Yes, there was family counseling, and a young child.  This man had a son who visited him, or maybe it was a father who visited? 
Then the familiar stranger spoke. 
How you been, Tom?
Thats right, its Jason.  Jason Blathers or Borschon; maybe Blackwell.  An old client from last year, discharged right around Christmas time. 
Im coming in again for detox.  Got my authorization numbers from the State.  
And yep, there was his name on the Admissions List.  Jason Boston, three-to-five day detox plus fourteen days of treatment.  Tom looked up at Jason and compared him with his vague memory.  He had lost weight and his eyes were a bit darker.  His skin was sickly white, like melting, sludgy snow.  A tattoo of a chain that circled his forearm was exposed, and his bony fingers, long and clumsy, grasped onto a duffle-bag.  Their eyes held each others gaze, but Jason was hard to concentrate on and seemed to squirm in and out of focus.  And then Tom remembered that Jason Boston was a junior.  There was a Jason Boston, Senior who was also out there--out there in the world of heroin. 
Detox?  All right, Jason.  Well.  Its good to see you.  Youre in the right spot.  Bring your stuff around. 
Tom met him in a secluded part of the hallway and gave him a hug--a common, Narcotics-Anonymous type hug.  A hug that says I know youre not happy.  I know youve been hurting.  Lost.  I know because Ive been lost too.
The hug ended with small pats on the back.  Tom felt he could have snapped Jasons spine with any more force to the embrace.  Jasons whole being seemed to squish during the hug, a hug that wasnt tight enough but just long enough to comply, like a handshake with someone you dont really want to forgive. 
What happened?  How long you been out there for, Jason?
Jason looked terrified, yet stood resiliently.  His eyes floated in the air and his face seemed to fluctuate.  His nearly bald head was gleaming, and his form was without definition.  Darkness hung over him, and his figure shifted like a candle-lit shadow dancing on the wall.  Just some shape-shifter from another world, thought Tom, just a changeling summoned from hell by tattoos, nipple piercings, and smack. 
Come on Jason you know youre ours, and youre safe here.  Im glad youre here instead of using today.  It doesnt get any better out there, does it?  Its people like you who go out there so people like me dont have to.  Time to get honest, and get real Jasonthe hour is getting late.  Tom put a hand on his shoulder Maybe your old bed is ready for you.  Just dont think about leaving treatment early.  
Are Desmond and Bill still working here? Jason asked. 
Yep!  Both of them.  And boy, will they be happy to see you. 
Desmond and Bill were the other two therapists who worked at the treatment center.  Both of them were also recovering addicts with many years of sobriety.  Desmond had actually been a client at the treatment center fourteen years ago, but was now a trained counselor. 
Just got caught up again, Tom.  Things were going fine.  I started working again just like I said I would.  I even went to meetings for a while and tried to find a sponsor. 
Tom tried to look Jason in the eyes as he spoke, but Jasons head hung limply on his neck, his eyes were fixed to the ground, and his fingers fiddled with something in his pocket
But there was this accident at work and I ripped my arm open.  Ripped some tendons, even. 
Jason took his hand out of his pocket and rolled up his shirt to show the wound.  It was hard to tell if it was scabbed or scarred, but it certainly was fresh, not scars from some long-ago war.  Chicken pox-like marks dotted the flesh around the wound. 
They give me this morphine drip, and then Vicodin.  They gave me Vicodin.  Well, I took the script home with me--just following doctors orders.  But then I started popping eight just for breakfast, and I couldnt work anymore.  Before I knew it I had a habit. 
Tom hated to hear people call it a habit.  Biting your nails is a habit, cracking your knuckles is a habit.  The conversation needed a different course for now.  Tom knew thered be chances to talk about all this later.  Open arms were okay for now, but a huge kick in the ass was needed later. 
All right, all right.  Im glad you decided to live.  It takes a lot of courage to come back.  Its not easy. 
Tom tried to look Jason dead in the eye.  Wake up, he wanted to say, wake up out of this nightmare and know theres people here for you and a life you cant imagine.
You could still be out there, Jason.  Tore up.  All tore up, but thats the way we want you.  Desperate.  Lost everything.  Ready to finally surrender.  All right, you know how this works. 
And Jason went to fill out his paperwork, shuffling down the hallway toward the detox beds where they endured the withdrawal until the therapy treatment would begin.  If Jason had a tail, Tom figured it would be wagging proudly instead of humbly stuck between his legs where it belonged. 
Thats enough for today, thought Tom, and ventured to pack his belongings and lock his office.  The parking lot was quiet on the way to his car, and he took a deep breath, forcing the air out of his lungs.  Time to go home and relax, decompress.  You cant just shake off the day like a wet dog, drops of water flying everywhere.  It took a little longer.  He put on the radio and decided to settle in. 
Its gonna be a wild couple of weeks with Jason Boston, he thought.  The old case came back to him, and he remembered the constant sense that the real Jason was always hiding and terrified to come out.  Jason was quiet in group but always adamant that he was okay.  I know what I need to do, he would say, which was a sure sign he didnt.  Their individual sessions were short, and Tom had tried to spice things up with confrontations, raising existential guilt and promising a different life.  Or hed use Empathic Attunement, as they called it in school, and tried to connect with the part of Jason that was hurt and tired, but still hopeful.  Perhaps hopeful. 
Tom had facilitated a family counseling session with Jason and his mother the last time he was in treatment.  They talked and yelled in his office for two hours and Tom had just sat and listened.  They argued about Jasons dad and the divorce.  Mrs. Boston had started crying and Jason threatened violence, left the room, came back with apologies, and they both ended up laughing themselves into tears.  It was probably one of the happiest moments Jason and his mother had ever spent together. 
And then there was Tyler Boston, Jasons child.  Little, five-year-old Tyler Boston had visited his father at West Oaks and Jason had promised to be home for Christmas Day, but Tom doubted the Christmas with Tyler ever happened.  Jason had left treatment refusing to go to a halfway house.  He mentioned wanting to be a Zen Buddhist and maybe moving back with his dad to Las Vegas someday, where he and his dad would battle their addictions together.  First he had to get a job to earn money for the airline ticket. 
Jason didn't have many people left to help him; he had destroyed nearly every relationship in his life.  His ex-girlfriend, Tylers mother, had finally left him after years of lies and scams.  Jason then had to move in with his mother, who had developed an amazing tolerance for living with a heroin addict during her years of marriage with Jason Boston, Senior.  It didnt last long.  Jason, Jr. was asked to pack his shit and get out after writing two thousand dollars worth of checks from his mothers account.  Hed been wandering place to place, living off heroin scraps, ever since. 
So now Jason was all alone, but his mother and ex-girlfriend had become united.  Their experiences with Jason and the constant fear of him still getting high had made a holy covenant between the two, and they took turns caring for the small child and allowed Jason only supervised visits. 
It was definitely time to get tougher with Jason, Tom thought with conviction, at least for the sake of his child, Tyler.  The youngest of the Boston men had a great chance of developing his own drug problems the way things were going, just like his dad and his grandfather. 
But same with your own kids, thought Tom, same with your own kids  Youll be passing it down through your own genes even if you arent getting high today. 
Oh well, the misery continues.  A chicken breast sounds good for dinner tonight, thought Tom.  He would go home, cook up some chicken breasts, make some garlic mashed potatoes, and have sex.  Scheduled sex.  Perhaps he could just walk in and jump on Patty, feigning some spontaneity but they would both be tired, tired and more interested in waiting and unwinding with CNN or the weather channel.  When would the egg be ready? 
Tonight, tonight it will be ready, thought Tom, not just another drill but the real thing. 
He drove one-handed and loosened his tie.  Traffic was getting busy on the expressway now, and it wasnt worth the incredible headache and near-seizures the stress would cause by fighting the rush hour.  Tom quickly veered to change lanes and got off the expressway in a shortcut to avoid traffic.  He ventured past one Midwestern suburb to another, past strip-mall parking lots and gas station convenience stores, to get his car safely home. 
It ended up being late-night sex for Tom and Patty, just before they had slowly faded to sleep.  Both of them were weary from the day but happy to unwind with each other.  They rolled under the covers, lost in each others limbs, a sense of duty underlying their moves and a feeling of unspoken sadness. 
**
As Patty and Tom fell into sleep, the sperm began their night-sea journey once again, desperately pulled toward something.  A gnawing, unknown emptiness fueled their swim.  Some were doomed from the start due to faulty tails or were just misguided.  Others were killed by the acidic mucus pool.  But they went on and they went on. 
Hours before waking, a fog drifted into Tom, a dream buzzing toward him like a cloud of wasps, and he found himself hugging Jason Boston, Jr.  It was a tight, life-exchanging hug, where their ventricles seem to connect.  Tom then pulled himself away and stared into Jasons eyes.  An alliance that he forgot signing up for hung in the air, Jason with a wild smile on his face.  Jason produced a needle, pulling it out of the air like a crazy magician with his magic wand, and then laughed silently as his forearm turned to its underside.  A bulging, blue vein pulsated beneath the chain tattoo. 
Tom then found himself following Jasons every move, unwillingly, like a puppet, his own heroin-filled needle in one hand, his own forearm also outstretched just as the shape-shifter was doing.  Jason was bare-chested, revealing a tattoo of a snake, with its tail beginning at his navel and its length wrapping around his abdomen.  The tongue was whispering at the base of his neck.  Tom could feel the same snake tattoo wrap around him, and it felt strong, yet soft and sensual and definitely moving.  Jason held Toms gaze with one last, icy stare, and just as both their needles were about to puncture the vein his face melted--just a reflection from a lake shattered, a shrill like a scream or broken glass, and both of them disappeared. 
***
It was 4:00 a.m., and Jason Boston, Jr. had been slipping in and out of a tortured, jerky sleep.  He finally got out of bed to look out his bedroom window at a nearly empty parking lot, imagining and plotting for what lay beyond.  He had snorted his last pack of heroin hours ago, sneaking into the bathroom and quietly chopping the brown powder atop the toilet.  A toilet flush helped drown out any noise the sniffing might make. 
Just feeling the pack of heroin that he snuck into West Oaks in his socks had shot spreading warmth up his spine, like he had been given a blood transfusion with heated, thicker blood--but now the pack was empty.  The pack held the promise of a beautiful life and a way out of this annoyance these stupid West Oaks fucks, always asking questions, and pretending theyre happy with their own miserable selves.  If only he had also hidden a syringe somehow.  It was strange to snort instead of inject the dope. 
Jason rubbed his fingertips across the wound on his elbow. 
The counselor seemed to believe that lie about hurting his elbow at work.  Another lie told to his counselor and to others, another lie on top of a pile of deceit.  Lies about working, lies about NA meetings, lies about living.  Jason had been hoping that his old counselor had left West Oaks by now, but instead he was the first person that Jason ran into.  The whole staff was there to bug the hell out of him for fourteen days or more while he sat in treatment and figured out his next move. 
Jason looked out the window at the night sky.  A red light blinked on the horizon and Jason wondered if it were a star or an airplane, or perhaps just a radio tower.  He thought back to Christmas Eve as a child when he would look for Santas sleigh in the sky.  Jason used to look out the window, hoping to see the red nose of Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer blinking in the night.  Anything red in the sky made Jason think he had seen Rudolph and that it was safe to go to sleep because Santa was on his way. 
What a fucking joke. 
What the hell am I doing here anyway?  Jason wondered.  I dont belong here.  Why not just sneak out without the night staff knowing?  Just go shoot up a pack, even buy one for later, and be back before things got rolling in the morning.  But not now, wait until later.  Wait for it to end.  Just wait to turn it all off and stop thinking and start feeling beautiful again.  Why does it have to be so hard and the next two weeks are just gonna be harder, back in this fucking place again. 
Back again, just like last year.  When Jason had left treatment last year, on December 22nd, he ended up in an emergency room three days later on Christmas Day due to a heroin overdose.  The hospital discharged him and, after a few days of sober fear, he continued with the chaos on New Years Day, answering the call when his addiction beckoned.  His addiction was just a huge, universal magnet and his soul a type of undiscovered metal created by some ancient heroin wizard. 
A year full of scamming to stay high, and then losing even the supervised visitation with his son, all created mornings like this when all he wanted was that sweet sting of dreamy oblivion.  A bird chirped from outside his window, always a screeching noise during a sleepless night.  Soon the dawn would come, and the living would emerge, refreshed, washed, cars driving with purpose and coffee piping hot, and Jason hated that, hated them going about their day with him here.  Detox meant being sick, bogue, having cold sweats and itchy skin.  His shit would be smeary on the toilet paper soon, and his muscles would ache for some smack.  Every muscle would spasm until he just wanted to itch all over and tear his skin off, the pain shooting up and down his bones and pricking into his eyes.  Why should he have to go through with this?  And how can they go about their day when he just wanted to die? 
And miles away the six-year-old Mandy Gestalt lay in bed, wondering where in the night her dog Petey had gone.  On the back porch of Mandys house, moths danced in the nightlight--a much safer dance since the fluorescent bug-zapper was put in storage last month.  And fifty million light years away, the nearest black hole sucked in all matter and light where once a magnificent star shone brightly.  And Mandy slept. 

Chapter Four
The sun was rising, and hundreds of birds outside of West Oaks recovery center pecked at the left-over bagel pieces laid out from last nights dinner, bagels that were originally day-olds donated from a bakery down the street.  The birds flapped, fought for position, and fluttered to a branch with their morsels.  The clients coming outside for their morning smoke break scared them away.  The mass of birds flew in unison into the morning sky, and two of them dropped their waste on the wired fencing of the Argos Animal Shelter below. 
The rising sun glared from the east, and Tom drove toward it, wearing sunglasses.  He had woken late and felt awkward and unfinished without an embrace from Patty before starting his day.  Without Patty there, Tom had showered quickly and left right on time.  Driving past the blind mans gray jacket fluttering in the morning wind, Tom gave him a silent acknowledgment, rubbed his temple with his forefinger, and made a mental list of the mornings duties. 
The morning was his and he could start at the pace of his choosing.  All three therapists took the morning for individual sessions while the support staff ran education and didactic groups.  All day long the clients were told verbally, visually, and very emphatically all the methods of becoming a recovering addict.  From the disease concept of addiction, to the 12 steps of AA, spirituality, coping skills, nutrition, stress relief, and relationship skills--this was all crammed into their three weeks at the West Oaks Recovery Center.  Some clients took notes and asked questions while others had to be awakened from falling asleep.  All were expected to be there, even if they had heard it all before. 
The afternoons were when the therapy group took place, a much more open and interactive discussion where Tom, Bill, and Desmond split the twenty-seven clients into separate groups of nine.  This was Toms favorite and most self-aware time of the day.  A good therapy group required energy, emotional investment, risk and authenticity by the counselor.  If this happened, Tom believed, the clients almost always followed, very often surprising themselves.  But not always, and sometimes theyd run deeper into their internal caves of fear, putting a fake expression on their faces, and giving a short answer when asked to share.  Tom felt a sense of pride--even arrogance at times--for routing them out of these caves, either with stick or carrot.  Just demonstrate a feeling of true care and concern, Tom believed, acknowledge their misery and fragile hopes, and the clients will share of themselves like an open vessel. 
Pulling into the parking lot, Tom saw Christy, the current MSW intern, walking to the front door.  Desmond and Bill had arrived early as usual.  Desmond was a smiling, round, cheerful, yet guarded, black man whose chest heaved up and down when he laughed--the last person you would guess had spent five years of his life in and out of jail.  He walked about the building with this glowing smile, and the clients followed, hoping it was contagious. 
Bill was a tall, lanky, bearded man who wore belt buckles and leather boots and rode his motorcycle in on sunny days.  He would ride with his leather jacket on with the One Day At A Time patch on one side and Let Go and Let God on the other.  At times, he didnt shower or brush his teeth--Tom was not sure which--but he was certain Bill sometimes smelled really badly.  It was part of his charm.  Either way, Tom enjoyed working with him and Desmond, and the three offered their different gifts to the clients as best they could. 
Toms office at West Oaks was a nice, little sanctuary.  He kept it raw, with little pretension, unlike the butterfly-pictures-on-the-wall, gift-shop type that he had seen with other therapists.  Half-finished progress notes lay in one pile, a list of unreturned phone calls in another pile, and pop can returnables were stashed under the desk.  Some inspirational pictures and a mirror hung on the wall, a framed photo of Patty and him in Alaska sat on a bookcase, and a space heater lay on the floor.  His office was an old storage closet and felt like it.  No real reasons to keep it clean, but everything easily accessible, open and honest. 
Tom had worked in more posh centers, where the offices were freshly painted and carpeted and where the HMOs sent their clients.  He had found that this comfort gave a false sense of importance, and the clientele was different.  If a client had health insurance and was working forty hours a week, it was very hard to get them to accept their life was in crisis.  They had too many defenses--nice cars, 401(k)s, marriages--to fully surrender to the fact they were addicts.  They came in to treatment for a few days for a drunk driving, a cocaine possession or a dirty drug screen at work, and the HMO was happy to fund them for maybe a week at most.  They left with promises, more in common with the homeless men at West Oaks than they realized, just a golden spoon at birth giving them a head start. 
That morning, he was to meet individually with James White, and Tom pondered the situation before calling him into his office.  James had been in treatment three times recently, the first time just fourteen months ago at the age of twenty-two.  James was a sad, quiet, reflective alcoholic, who already had alcoholic hepatitis of the liver and a couple of pancreatic attacks.  James had acted more agreeably to suggestions for lifestyle changes this time in treatment, but it could all just have been a lie.  He was being discharged on the next day, and was scheduled to go to a halfway house where his daily structure would be monitored.  AA meetings would be mandatory and urine drops would help verify sobriety.  It was a kind of self-imposed probation, plus James had nowhere else to go.  Homeless. 
He called James in and they sat facing each other, knee to knee.  Toms chair was higher than James and the cluttered desk sat beside them. 
James sat quietly, leaning back in his chair as if waiting to be entertained.  Tom looked into his eyes and saw a nervous spirit, and a face that had years of mileage already on it, yet was so young that it barely needed a shave.
*  *  *  *
James looked about his counselors office.  Even though he had sat in this same, stained chair many times over, he still scanned the area for a few more bits of revelation into the life of this person who signed his name with a MSW at the end. My therapist is quite a disorganized man, thought James, and he has been in this office a bit too long.  It seems clear he is so anchored down that he will never leave.  The same white and yellow book with the blood-red print, The Road Less Traveled, sat on the bookshelf in the same position as always, and James figured the counselor was as motionless as the dusty paperback.
Still, hes got his own office, and a picture of his wife.  I hope I can have that someday, James thought.  But then again, maybe hes just faking being a recovering alcoholic.  Or maybe he just drank a six pack one day, got a DUI, and then decided it was time to quit and learned a way to make money out of it.
Sometimes he felt being a client meant he had to put on a show, like it was up to him to make the therapist feel happy.  Was it really about being honest, as Tom had said? 
If he really wanted to get honest with the therapist it might be offensive.  Why do I bother being here, he might say, theres nothing more you can say to me.  Im scared, Im confused, and its time to get the fuck on with my life and either stay sober or but that wasnt the kind of honesty his counselor really wanted.
So its time to leave again, James.  Tom started the session with a smile.  I really am scared for you, and I hope you follow through and do something different this time. 
I know Tom, I know, James spoke.  Its fucked up, but I dont think I got any more recoveries in me.  Its my last chance; I really believe that.  If I go use again, Ill just drink myself to death.  I do know that Im sick and tired of being sick and tired. 
Im sure you mistakenly believe youre doomed to failure, James, but no matter how many times youve tried, I hope you realize you just dont need to drink anymore--you dont need to drink just for today.  Give yourself a chance, deal with life on lifes terms, and feelings without being drunk like you were doing yesterday in group just before the fire alarm. 
James remained quiet, and Tom went on with a softer voice and a slight lean forward to accentuate. 
You know, you didnt die when your mother did.  She died, not you, but her memories, and her flesh and blood, are still alive in you.  I think you did a great job dealing with those feelings this time, James, some real tears, and you dug deeper than the times before. 
Fuck you James screamed in his brain, fuck you, fuck you.  Dont use that on me.  Its time to go, right now, let me out of here.  If I had my way, Id tear this whole building down. 
Youll be expected to find a job at the halfway house, but they will give you some time; at least a week or two.  The important thing is that they see you looking, and you cant be afraid to ask for help, ask for help with anything. 
Ive asked for help, begged for help, in more ways than you know.  Crying alone in the bathroom stall, pleading for this to end, praying that someone or something could just come and save me, but always knowing there was nobody out there for me.  I have nobody. 
All right. James said, and looked away.  M. Scott Peck wrote The Road Less Traveled, and he was an MD. 
You know, James, having your mom pass is just part of it, and you know that.  Youre isolated from your whole family, including your dad.  Being away from him is probably a good thing, since you need to put your fathers voice to rest, but it is still a loss.  But its got to feel lonely, so making new friends is gonna be important, and weve talked about you having a hard time with that.  I can feel you being guarded with me.  Its hard enough to get close to people--you know, really close where someone understands you, and thats all part of staying sober, practicing sober social skills. 
Tom was rambling now, his mouth drawing open and his eyes gazing straight, and James lost track until his last sentence.  
 you seem all alone.  Kind of a displaced person. 
Stop it, stop it already Im going to be fine and will figure things out.  Just let me leave this place tomorrow and be done with your psychobabble bullshit.  
Displaced what?  What do you mean by that? James finally asked.
Taken away from where you belong, uprooted.  That kind of displaced.  Youre pretty far away from home where you grew up. 
James quickly thought about the change of scenery that the two-hour drive to the turkey farm where he grew up would bring.  The turkey farm, a place where he was no longer welcome. 
And youre gonna have to figure out again where you belong.  But first, just relax and be patient.  Dont drink, go to meetings. 
Dont drink, go to meetings.  You said that once.  And I want to stay displaced.  What do you know about where I grew up? 
Youre not the kind of alcoholic who has delusions he can drink normally again.  Not that kind of denial.  Youre the kind who denies that he still cares about himself, and denies he still wants more and is searching and hoping for more.  Telling yourself you dont care is a great excuse to. 
I do care, said James, interrupting.  I know I care about myself.  Its this fucking life.  How many twenty-two-year-olds do you see in here?  Not too many.  I dont have much in common with these guys sure, Im an alcoholic, but I dont feel I belong here.  Im not sure where I belong, and yes, I do know that theres a higher purpose to my life and all that, but right now I am a just a twenty-two-year-old, homeless drunk, and I need some kinda miracle. 
Were just characters with God as our narrator, just forgot to play our part, Tom said, smiling.  He was repeating something he had once heard James say in group--a comment that had apparently stuck with him--just characters with God as our narrator. 
Thats right, said James, and whoevers telling the story has been playing a big joke. 
James looked away, but Tom quickly replied, Its just your addiction telling the story.  Its just your addiction doing what its supposed to do; you shouldnt be surprised.  So please find a new part to play, James, and the miracle will happen.  Youve gone astray long ago.  It may have happened to anyone growing up the way you did.  To grow up under alcoholism, to have no real self-identity or self-worth, but you dont have to be a victim of that.  Be a survivor of your circumstances. 
You told me that last time, counselor, you told me the exact same thing and, I think, in the exact same way. 
I plan to.  I hope to. 
Playing a new part, your true part, James.  Try and rewrite things.  For example, in the story of your life, change the main character from a lost, hopeless young man who is bitter at his father, had his mother die unexpectedly, and wandered from place to place until he gets so sucked down hes got wet brain and liver failure Instead you are a resilient, self-reflective and strong survivor who deserves more.  Re-write your life, give birth to this new chapter in your life and call it something different.  A less-predictable plot. 
Ill call this chapter, Driven nuts by listening to my counselor. 
Re-write my life, eh?  Thats possible, I suppose.  I guess thats what you did.  You know, Ive tried to force sobriety before.  I even got so pissed off at myself that I slashed my own tires trying to stop myself from going to the liquor store.  When my dad saw that, he busted out the windshield too.  James giggled.  But in the back of my mind, I knew I had a spare.  I just fixed the tire, dusted the glass off the seat, and drove back up to the party store.  I stole money from my dad to fix the windshield a week later. 
James looked up to see a knowing smirk in Toms eyes. 
And I have tried to just relax about not drinking.  Not get so uptight about not drinking and just preoccupy myself.  I started watching movies every day.  Every day I rented a new movie.  I rented all the Godfathers, and then everything with Al Pacino, and then everything with Marlon Brando--I memorized all of Brandos lines from Apocalypse Now.  Pretty soon it was a movie and a forty-ouncer, and then it was three forty-ouncers and no movie. 
James spoke with a reflective sadness that Tom was just there to witness.  They were both quiet for a moment, a clock ticking on the wall in sync with their heartbeats, and they sat still breathing in the same air. 
James, its the hardest thing you will ever do, but its also the easiest.  You just got to let it happen.  If you stay sober, you will grow more in the next year than probably any of the other years of your life.  And pretty soon, things will start to fall into place and some crazy-positive things will be pulled your way.  Remember, there are no coincidences.  Coincidence is just Gods way of staying anonymous. 
And they continued to talk, identifying triggers, setting up aftercare AA meetings, and James just said anything that came to mind to take up the silent space between.  
Ill see you later this afternoon for your last group, James, hopefully the last time youll have to sit up in one of my groups for the rest of your life. 
When James finally left the office, he was certain that Tom could still feel his jittery nerves fluttering in the empty chair. 
Chapter Five
It was just before lunch, and Tom gave a call to Pattys work to do an afternoon check-in.  Patty worked as a director of volunteer placement, her agencys mission to place volunteers to suitable social services throughout the county.  She thrived there, and worked her way to director after just five years.  Patty found herself to be the Lady Madonna of volunteer housewives, retirees, and mandated community service workers; all asking her how they could be most helpful.  Patty assessed them, and then sent them on their missions.  Tom listened to the ring, expecting voice mail to pick up, when he heard Patty answer, Hello, with a quick voice. 
Ah, yes, hello, I hear you are looking for a volunteer sperm donor? Tom disguised his voice, knowing she wouldnt be fooled. 
Yep, but are you sure youre qualified?
Patty didnt laugh as she spoke, and Tom figured that meant she was busy with someone.  She promised to call back in a few minutes. 
Tom doodled a cartoon on a Post-It note as he waited for Patty to call back.  He had first met Patty at the volunteer office.  After he had been in recovery for over a year, he had wanted to work with others trying to get sober, and Patty was to screen him.  He had been intimidated from the first handshake, looking up into her eyes, Patty being two inches taller than Toms five-foot-seven-inch frame.  Tom did his best to impress her, talked about his hopes for sharing strength and courage with others, of going back to school to become a therapist, and even small bits of his history of addiction.  He told this to Patty as if talking to some different breed.  She was from a different world than the one he had known, one in which he could visit, but not stay.  Her stunning eyes and Masters of Social Work plaque on the wall put her in complete command.  She had a way of gracefully touching his elbow when they spoke. 
After Tom had volunteered for a few weeks, Patty called, stating she would need to assess his current volunteer placement, and that they could meet over lunch.  The ruse worked, and three years afterward, they were married.  Tom had finished graduate school as a Masters Level Social Worker six months after they returned from their Alaskan honeymoon. 
The phone rang before five minutes were up. 
So, what were you all moaning about last night?  It was Pattys voice. 
What?
You were kicking all over the bed, and kinda gave off a scream. 
Oh, yeah.  I was having some crazy dreams.  Nightmares.  Its too hard even to describe. 
The dream he had last night was a mystery.  During his ten years of sobriety, he often dreamt of drinking or snorting a line of cocaine--a using dream.  The using dreams usually included a heavy feeling of remorse and crisis, a sinking feeling of getting caught up again in active addiction, and then waking up with a sense of relief and gratitude for his sobriety. 
Dreaming of his clients was also not uncommon, although much less common with every passing year of Toms career in substance-abuse treatment.  But to dream of using with a client, of actually getting high with him, with Jason Boston, Jr., and using a drug he had never used before, that was beyond him.  Guilt, amazement, and slight alarm were eased out with a couple of mugs of dark coffee that morning. 
So, do you feel pregnant? Tom asked. 
Yep, Ive been throwing up all morning. 
I guess my nightmare helped.  You know, like you said, I think my sperm just gets lost and doesnt want to stop for directions. 
I wonder how that works, Patty thought out loud, do they look for the egg, or do they just swim around and find it by accident?
I thought you were the expert?
Yeah, I remember Dr. Thames explained it.  Hmmm.  I think the strong swimmers go to the heat, but most of them are just clueless.  Well, we have that appointment in three weeks to go over options, we can ask him then. 
Hows your day going?  Tom could hear her typing on her computer. 
Good; real good, actually.  I was just talking to a guy who always wanted to be in the Peace Corps, but instead he came here.  She laughed, So, I think hes gonna do Meals On Wheels, drop off food to seniors.  Its the next best thing. 
Sounds noble. 
Well, hes looking for something, but not sure what it is.  He doesnt need to go to some foreign land to find it, I dont think.  Give him a few weeks, and hell probably be installing drywall for some poor, lonely, old fellow hes delivered sandwiches to, and decided hes saved the world.  A great guy, though, I think hell work out fine.  Kinda like you when you came in. 
Oh, well, you just cant marry this one. 
Nope, I promise.  Theres only one for me.  Anyways, gotta run.  See ya tonight. 
And they hung up.  Patty always found something for someone, it seemed, even if it was to just go home and grow hair--and to then have it cut and weaved into a wig for cancer patients in the throes of chemotherapy. 
Process Group waited for Tom in the afternoon.  On the way to the group, Tom saw Christy the intern talking to the client, Hank Peterson.  They were talking quickly but softly, and Tom was surprised at how confident the lanky Christy seemed.  Usually timid, cerebral, and idealistic, she now seemed animated and alert.  Her bony fingers danced in the air as she spoke.  Probably telling him to keep a journal, thought Tom.  Christy was always urging the clients to keep a journal.  Keeping a daily journal was very therapeutic for her, she always said. 
Hank slipped away as Tom approached. 
Hi, Tom.  Christy held her arms out to signal she wanted something.  She spoke with a small lisp, and it made her seem eagerly innocent, younger than the early twentyish that Tom supposed her to be.  Hey, do you mind if I sit in on group today to observe?
How do I say no, Tom wondered.  Christy would often observe and co-facilitate groups as part of her internship.  Yeah, we do have to start doing that more.  You know what, how about tomorrow?  That would be great. 
Truth was, today wasnt a good day; the group content wasnt fit for it.  Clients couldnt help but put a different face forward with a woman in the room, and often needed to be redirected for some idiot flirtation.  Christy would say she didnt mind the sexual undertones, but that was a big problem, too. 
Are you available tomorrow?  Tom wanted to make his invitation seem sincere. 
Okay! Christy answered with a bigger smile, but really seemed a bit fearful she had broken a boundary.  Tom would make her feel more comfortable tomorrow.  Tomorrow they would figure it all out. 
Tom walked into the group room, gathering stragglers, and they sat in chairs in a circle.  He always felt all eyes on him, like a performer, so hed try to start with something casual, or even a joke, or just a purposely exaggerated announcement like, Another FINE afternoon here at West Oaks.  There were eight people in the group, and two of them, James and Jason Boston, Jr., were retreads, but the rest were new to West Oaks. 
Tom felt the dangling eyes of Jason Boston, Jr. looking at him from the back corner of the room. 
Hey Jason.  You know you dont have to participate in group while youre in detox, but its your choice.  If you feel up to it, wed love to have you.  Jason was in his first day of detox and, even though it was days two and three that were the hardest with heroin withdrawal, Tom was surprised Jason took the option of leaving the detox ward. 
Im okay, Ill be okay.  Thanks, Jason answered, sinking deeper into his chair, his neck drooping farther.  The queasiness that Tom felt around the white-skinned, tattooed changeling was not subsiding.  Maybe he knows we shot up together last night, Tom thought, maybe he felt our blood connecting and both of us feeling the warm blanket of the heroin womb envelope both of us.  Just hold tight, Tom decided, a few minutes of group counseling will wash away the memories of last nights dream. 
Tom looked around the room.  Many of the clients he could write a short history on, but a few he didnt know much about.  But all of them eventually would unravel.  They would unravel, and cry or threaten, discuss crazy, chaotic pasts, and unravel.  The faces started shallow, but soon a deep pool would emerge and numerous characters in their lives would be drawn in. 
All right, said Tom, with a louder-than-usual voice to gather attention, and make the clients aware that the meat of the group was beginning, were gonna do an activity today that will hopefully build trust, allow us to take risks.  Tom paused, their eyes still focused on him.  You know--most of us feel very isolated and alone.  We dont know how to reach out to people.  We build walls, and wear masks, and are afraid to let others in.  Inside we feel lost, confused, scared, all in a state of chaos.  We think our misery is so unique that nobody can relate. 
Tom looked at the faces around the circle, letting everyone know they were included. 
But we dont know how to talk about it, dont know how to express it, so we stay quiet, and we live in Quiet Desperation.  Tom had first heard quiet desperation in a Pink Floyd song and loved the expression. 
Well, quiet desperation will get you high and drunk again.  We need to ask for help, reach out to others.  If we let ourselves, we will be pulled to the help we need anyways, but were afraid to let go.  Tom paused again.  He knew he had a tendency to speak in a way that the clients might not understand, just trying to be smart and hear himself talk, forget if it was effective or not.  At times he had the awareness to keep it in check. 
So, what I want to do is go around the room and have you introduce yourself as usual by saying your name.  But, also, share something with the group that you havent told anyone here before.  Something about yourself that nobody here knows--some undisclosed feeling, thought, something youve done, or anything about you.  It doesnt have to be anything huge.  It could be something simple like the name of your first pet dog.  Or it could be something more meaningful, and God knows we have some issues that need to be discussed.  No matter what you share, though, the process of disclosing and opening yourself to others will help you draw closer to them, and become more accepting of yourself. 
The group was quiet, really quiet now, and although this may have been mistaken for lack of interest in the exercise, Tom knew it was something different.  It was a scattering of thoughts, feelings, deeds, and perversions to pick from, a million possibilities of needing something to grasp onto to tell the group. 
Youre only as sick as your secrets, a new client said, trying to relate to the reasoning. 
Yep, and remember, no matter what youve done or felt, if it has a name, its been done before, probably by someone in this room.  Somebody has already labeled it, so youre not that unique. 
Tom liked to get them started with his own self-disclosure. 
Well, let me model what Im talking about.  For example, I could tell you my middle name is Alexander.  Thomas Alexander Cleaves.  Nobody here knew all of that, thats something new. 
Tom gave a simple-looking smile. 
Or, his voice got somber, I could tell you that my alcohol and drug use was all related to confidence.  When I was using, I had it all, felt it all, and felt complete.  But then it turned on me, until there were many days in a row that I wanted to die.  I wasnt ready to take my own life, but death felt like a better option than anything else that I was doing.  It took spiritual bankruptcy and then my father dying--the day my father died, actually--for me to finally decide I wanted to learn how to live. 
The room hung a little heavier now with anticipation, like the silence before the gun went off, the sprinters tense but still at the starting line. 
James White sat on the plastic chair and leaned over, putting his elbows on his knees, and rifled through what he could share with the others. 
Im leaving tomorrow, James thought, so maybe I should just coast through this activity.  Perhaps he could just take the pet dog option.  His first and favorite pet dog was named Simon.  And then he could leave it at that, James decided, just tell them about his pet dog, Simon, who was a gift from his mother when he was fourteen years old, and who followed him everywhere.  Simon had traced James footsteps everywhere on the farm, despite all the turkey shit, the thickness of blood in the air--the dog was a golden shadow of James soul, a gift from his mother after she got back from the hospital, and the dog had followed James in blind pilgrimage. 
But his dad hated that.  And his dad hated himself.  His dad drank and taught James the sweet, intoxicating feel of choking down a bottle of vodka, the beauty of a beer buzz on a summer morning, and how to have a rage boiling inside you when you were drunk until your tears smelled like whiskey.  His dad showed him how to leave your family.  Leave you with a mother who was dying.  Leave you and take your dog with him, because then that would really hurt.  And then youre left alone with turkeys, in-home health aides, customers, and hiring crew who never showed up and paying bills that never went away.  And then, finding your mom dead. 
The funeral came back to him, and the words his counselor said to him earlier.  She still lives in you, James.  She still speaks to me perhaps, still talks to me. 
It was at the funeral that his dad told him, with a poorly hidden smile, that Simon had run away and was now a stray dog.  James was eighteen, and not welcome at the farm to which his father moved back, and which was then put up for sale before his mothers body was a year decomposed. 
He thought of Simon and his flowing, golden coat with the thin white stripe of fur on his belly that curled at his neck, (almost like a question mark) and how the dog would smile while he panted after a long run on the farm and then look up at James with gratitude.  This memory was so deep that he thought he could hear Simon bark one day, just a few months ago, when he was at this very same treatment center, lying in his bed after group one day.  The proud, joyful, golden bark of his lost dog was rising up into the summer air from the building beyond.  
It was Simon.  Simon barking from back at the farm.  Remember me.  Youre not really a homeless alcoholic with nowhere to go and stuck in a room with three drug addicts.  Youre Simons owner, his buddy, and thats what youre supposed to be.  You dont belong here.  Come on, lets go home. 
If only that were really true, James thought, vaguely listening to the others in the group; if only his dog had come searching for him and it wasnt just some other lost mutt at the animal shelter next door. 
The disclosure group started rolling, and he heard one client say he felt like leaving the treatment center three days ago to get drunk, but instead snuck some chocolate milk from the kitchen in the middle of the night. 
He heard Jason say that he felt his problem was that he was always scared of success. 
One client said that he had often come home from school to an ambulance in his driveway after one of his sisters suicide attempts.  He had to mop up her blood on the bathroom floor. 
Hank Peterson disclosed that he had sex with his babysitter when he was eleven, which at first he thought was cool, but now makes him feel dirty.  James took note of that.  Hank Peterson was also being discharged the next morning, and had offered to give James a ride home. 
It was James turn. 
Well, he tried to sound confident, you know a lot about me already, Tom.  Ive nearly been living here the last year.  But I do have something kinda eerie to talk about.  About my mom, like what Ive already shared with her dying and everything. 
James looked down and continued. 
Well, I had this dream one night.  Im sure I had been drinking, but what happened was the phone rang, and I picked it up and it was my mothers voice, the voice of my dead mother.  James looked up into Toms eyes. 
And she said, James, its me.  I want you to know that Im okay.  Keep yourself safe, James.  Well be together again.  You just got to believe it.
He looked around the circle.  And then I woke up.  And I never had it again. 
Silence. 
Tom felt a tingle along his back.  Did I get this tingle because I thought I was supposed to get this tingle? he thought, or was it because of some sort of spiritual energy flowing, still flowing from James dream? 
Thats deep, James, said Tom, wanting to validate him, feeling like it was an important moment for a counselor to respond.  Well, worst-case scenario is its a message that you need to believe to help your grief--because I believe the message is right on.  But best case, it is some sort of actual connection that you made, and that.  Tom held his palms up, feeling there was nothing more that needed to be said. 
For some reason, Tom didnt have any doubt that James had heard a message from his actual mom--a parent who wanted to connect with her hurting loved one and would do anything to get to him. 
James sat quiet for the rest of the group time, wondering what the others were thinking.  He was glad he hadnt mentioned hearing the bark of another long-gone companion.  Both of these noises were just echoes of lonely ghosts, and James was still alone. 

Chapter Six
Mandy could still see the golden fur coat of her dog, and the white stripe on his belly. She could still smell the fur coat when she closed her eyes and remembered.
I think I killed you Petey.  Or it was those lions.  Those lions that I wanted to kill Joseph and now they got you.  Mom and Dad tell me you arent coming home, but I still think of you, and always want to cry.  It hurts in my stomach and my eyes are so sad.  I still look for you everywhere.  I still think I hear you walking across the carpet and ready to jump on my bed, walking in that circle that you do and going to sleep next to me.  I still hear you lap up the water in the dish and that noise your chain makes when it rings on the floor.  I dream about you and hate to wake up.  Im scared.  It was bad to think like I did and God had to take you away from me.  
*
Mandy Gestalt played with the wooden blocks, wishing her parents would arrive to pick her up.  She felt all alone; even her best friend Stacey had not come to daycare today.  For now, she would focus on the blocks, try not to think too much about everything, and her parents would be walking up any time now.  Probably her mom would drive up, but sometimes her dad even came, and then she would get a big hug right there in front of everybody. 
The blocks were scattered about, and Mandy had plenty to choose from.  Her palm squashed against the texture of the carpet as her other hand steadied the pieces on top of each other.  She had constructed a two-story building that looked like a castle. 
Pretty soon, Mandy expected to hear the noise of Tyler Boston shuffling over between the other kids.  Tyler Boston wore big boots, had black, straight hair that hung into his eyes, and you could always hear him shuffling over.  He liked to knock your building blocks right over, and he always got away with it.  Sometimes hed kick them with his boots, other times hed just wave his hand and send them scattering everywhere.  Mandy wanted someone to finally notice someday and get Tyler in trouble.  She knew that what he was doing was wrong, but couldnt do anything about it. 
Mandy wondered what she could build if nobody was in her way.  She knew she could make the blocks go super high, and then probably build a whole village.  Tyler knocked things over and Mandy figured he was jealous, and she knew he had learned to be mean somehow.  Someone had taught him to be mean.  But nobody noticed, so Mandy felt sorry for him sometimes.  Everyone was scared of him. 
She wondered why Tyler Bostons dog didnt die. 
Mandy looked up as some parents came out of the little-toddler room, holding the babies or putting them into strollers.  Joseph was going to be coming with her to daycare soon, but not yet, and Mandy wondered why.  Maybe Mom and Dad were scared.  They seemed sad over Petey, and didnt talk much.  Everyone was quieter, or when they did try to talk, it sounded different all of a sudden.  They would stop talking and look at her longer, as if they were waiting for something or expecting something, so she would always just hug them.  Hugging them was never wrong and felt good. 
They had a little funeral for Petey yesterday.  Daddy dug a hole and then brought a big, cloth blanket out of his truck.  Petey was wrapped inside the blanket, and Daddy carried him across his arms before rolling his body into the grave.  Mandy wanted to touch him, to hug him, and to see him again.  Just one more time.  Daddy said she couldnt, and besides, it wasnt really him anymore.  He was gone.  Just like Grandmother, who lay in that big casket, her face all melty and plastic-like.  She didnt want a new dog or a new grandmother.  She just wanted to make sure everybody stayed where they were.  Dont change, dont run away. 
Tyler Boston might not even get me today, Mandy decided.  She saw him busy with another project, or maybe he had just stopped being mean.  She hoped he had stopped being mean.  What would he do when Joseph came to daycare?  He would find out for sure that Joseph was Mandys brother.  Mandy decided she would protect him.  Nobody would hurt anyone she knew ever again, she just had to be good and be helpful.  But pretty soon shed be in kindergarten, and Joseph would be all alone. 
Tyler knows its not right what he does, just knocking stuff over.  He just has that bully power, with big boots and black hair.  Grape-juice stains were usually on his face--sometimes snot.  His mom always came last, or at least Mandy never saw him leave before her.  Mandy was there late sometimes, too, watching all the others pack their things and leave.  She didnt mind that, because then she got to be with Ms. Mullins all by herself.  It felt like they were equals then.  It felt like both of them ran the place.  Nobody could hurt her when it was just Tyler, her, and Ms. Mullins. 
Two weeks ago, Mandy had an accident and her elastic-banded denim pants had become soaking wet.  Mandy had felt scared and dirty.  Ms. Mullins knew this though, somehow she knew this, and quietly gave her a change of dry clothes.  Nobody got mad.  Dry clothes always felt good.  Ms. Mullins would make a good grandmother someday, but someday her face would look like melted plastic and they would have a funeral for her, too. 
Mandy felt herself getting hungry.  Mommy would have dinner made soon, maybe grilled cheese, and then they could go see Petey in the backyard.  Later they would watch cartoons and she snuggle under an afghan with her favorite, starfish pajamas on. 
Mandy hoped Stacey would be there tomorrow.  Stacey was a lot like her.  She could tell Stacey all about Petey being dead.  Stacey needed to know.  Both of them would figure it all out tomorrow.  Things were great when Stacey and Mandy were together, and Ms. Mullins was sometimes extra special to them.  Yesterday, Ms. Mullins had let Stacey and Mandy paint, giving them big, button-up shirts to wear backwards, and paper everywhere.  They painted pictures of their houses with suns and rainbows.  Stacey liked the blocks, too, and said she had a hundred times as many blocks at her house, and even bigger. 
Mandy felt a dark cloud of dread begin to blow toward her and looked up to see Tyler Boston.  It was clear Tyler had noticed the castle she was building and was on his way over.  It felt like waiting for punishment, like waiting after you had an accident in your pants and wondering when someone was going to find out and get mad and make you feel dirty.  Mandy looked at her building-block castle one last time and then waved her hand at the base of the blocks, knocking them over herself before Tyler had the chance. 
Chapter Seven
There was something wonderfully desperate about the air that surrounds the bed of somebody in detox.  Deals are made with God there, again and again, whether in the medical bed of a state-funded residential treatment center, or in a hundred-dollar-a-week hotel room.  Standing next to the bed of a sweaty skeleton going through detox, you can almost hear the cells screaming for their drugs, like a tiny bird in an abandoned nest, starving to death and crying out for a mom who will never return. 
During Toms many years of addiction, he had been hospitalized in detox a number of times.  The molecules of his body would rearrange themselves in a painful metamorphosis, and each time Tom had sworn off the bottle forever.  During those three days of agony, millions of pinpricks tortured his mind, and sharp thorns punctured into his spine.  Sometimes he would hallucinate and hear voices, or feel tiny bugs crawling on his sheets.  He even felt relief for the pain that assured he would never drink again.  No way, not after this, he would say.  Usually, it was just a few months before Tom would get drunk again after being discharged from detox. 
One time, he stopped at a party store just minutes after leaving the hospital and drove home with a forty-ounce bottle of Miller Lite in his crotch. 
Just getting a few days sober had made Tom feel like a dirty, wet rag getting wrung out.  Even after the rag was dry, it was still stained for life.  Tiny, little stains were always left that couldnt be wiped clean, and these stains had continued to eclipse any hope for sobriety.  It wasnt until he finally went from detox straight to a residential treatment center that years of sobriety followed, and the stains were just accepted as permanent. 
Once he became a therapist, Tom was drawn to the clients who were going through detox at West Oaks Recovery Center.  He liked to talk to them while they were raw and fresh, and accompany them while they harrowed hell for three to five days.  Detox was the primordial ooze out of which life would rise, the area where evolution needed to begin, and the counseling was ministry.  It takes a desperate soul to make drastic changes. 
It was during Jason Boston, Jr.s second day of withdrawal that Tom visited him in the detox ward.  Jasons skin was pale, and old-newspaper-like, and his eyes were caves of dark recesses, sunken and sad.  He was less menacing now, less threatening, like a lioness giving birth or a snake shedding its skin, vulnerable and trying to hide until the painful process was over.  Tom was witnessing a shape-shifter in transition. 
How are you doing? asked Tom, sitting at Jasons bedside. 
Jason looked up, annoyed but compliant. 
Shitty.  He sniffed his nose violently and gobs of mucus could be heard in his nasal passage. 
I know how you feel, all tingly everywhere and nauseous, but it cant kill you, you know, Tom assured him.  Maybe dehydrate you pretty bad, but no matter what, you will survive this.  Just have to ride it out. 
This much was true.  Alcohol detox could be deadly due to heart attacks.  Heroin detox was painful, but not fatal. 
Jason couldnt be still.  He needed to move.  To lie still was to feel incredibly restless, constantly itching.  A few minutes ago he had laid there and masturbated, stroking himself beneath the sheets.  This took the pain away for a while.  It always did.  Masturbating always helped to transcend his miserable self and calm the aching cells of his body. 
Ill be alright.  Almost due for a smoke and a Darvocet.  Hey Tom, do you think theyll make me stay the full two weeks after this?  I kind of got some stuff to take care of. 
You got just one thing to take care of, and thats your addiction.  Thats all you need to be worried about. 
Tom paused and imagined the changeling, Jason Boston, Jr., leaving treatment and going straight to the dope house, walking right past his little boy Tyler on the way. 
You know, Jason, this is going to sound cruel, but I hope this is painful, real painful for you right now, and that you remember this, because you cant keep living like this.  You are going to die.  Its great that you came here again, but were not just going to sit back and let you hang out like its summer camp.  You cant keep doing the same, old thing again.  You need to do something different this time--something different to save your life.  This is no way to live.  No more bullshit.  Tom rarely swore, so when he did, it was more powerful.  You have to go to long-term treatment or a halfway house.  And if youre not willing, theres nothing more we can do for you.  Tom noticed Jason roll his eyes. 
I know, I know.  Im going to do something different.  Im all right, Jason replied, closing his eyes, burrowing under the covers, and then sniffed a golf ball of mucus.  He squeezed out a silent fart, careful not to let the watery diarrhea stain his already semen-filled underwear. 
Tom felt like punching him all of a sudden.  Jason wasnt the hurting soul, begging for help, that Tom had hoped for. 
Does your family know that you're here? Tom asked. 
Jasons mother and ex-girlfriend were local, but his dad seemed to move from Vegas to jail and then back local.  Jasons son, Tyler, had visited West Oaks last Christmas time, running down the hallways, wearing sneakers with heels that lit up, and the nursing staff gave him candy canes. 
Fuck no.  Nope.  They dont know where I am.  Nobody knows.  Ill call them. 
All right, Jason.  So just ride this out, be patient.  But as you lie here, just decide one thing, ask yourself this question.  Do you really want us to help you?  Or are you here just to take a breather before you go get high again?
Tom walked out of the detox ward, feeling a sense of sickness, sadness, and then anger.  This self-centered asshole.  How does God let this guy be blessed with a child, but not me?  It seemed like it always worked this way; guys were in treatment with a pregnant girlfriend, or they had three little ones theyve abandoned while they wander homeless from place to place. 
A few steps down the hallway, and a sense of regret quickly settled right in.  Perhaps if I hadnt wasted so much time getting high and drunk, Tom thought, I could have had a family by now.  But now my thirty-eight-year-old bodys too damaged, my sperm too weak, Im too old and missed my chance.  Ive already killed my unconceived child. 
A couple of deep breaths, pushing the air out with force, and Tom continued down the detox hallway.  A vomiting noise from behind the bathroom door caught his attention--not a huge, dry heave, but a softer, effective-sounding upchuck, quick and easy.  While common in the clients detox bathroom, this one came from the employees bathroom.  The toilet flushed and the sink ran quickly and purposefully. 
The bathroom door opened and Christy appeared. 
Good morning Christy.  You coming to observe process group today?  Tom pretended not to have heard a thing. 
Yes.  She smiled sheepishly.  Thanks for remembering. 
Tom left her alone.  Save her the embarrassment, he thought, but in his mind he started cursing again.  You got her pregnant too, you random-acting, crazy thing.  Everybody else just falls into these miracles.  What do I have to do? 
Just let it be, Tom told himself, let it be, its nothing.  He walked to the front reception area and looked out the window toward the Argos animal shelter.  The dogs were all in their cages now; somewhere in the yellow building across the parking lot the dogs all sat in their cages.  They never know when theyll be let out, Tom thought.  Five hours, five minutes, they didnt know.  They just have to trust the warden that, when the time was right, theyd be set free, if only for a short while. 
Tom saw James White standing next to his bags just outside of West Oaks, waiting for a cab.  It was his day to be let out. 
What could he be thinking? Tom wondered, whats going to happen this time?  James is just like me, an orphan too, one parent is dead and the other gone far away and if hes just like me, he can stay sober just like me, meet a nice wife just like me, and maybe even have a child.  What are you gonna do from here James, whats next?  Please let it work for you, Tom thought, because I need it to work, I cant be impotent in everything I do.  If I cant create life then at least maybe I can help preserve it. 
*
What will the cab smell like? James White wondered as he stood in the early-morning sun, waiting for the taxi.  Getting into a cab was like jumping into a swimming pool of smells that you had to slosh all around in.  It was never pleasant. 
James wondered where he would tell the cab driver to take him.  He was all set up to go to the halfway house, but James knew he could direct the cabbie anywhere anywhere in this lovely area that James wanted to go, he could.  He could go to the mall, the halfway house, the liquor store, or to the bus station; it was all up to him and he was free.  But perhaps he should make a better decision than last time; perhaps he should go somewhere to keep himself safe. 
The last time when James had left treatment, five months ago, he had ended up moving in with a fellow client who was being discharged the same day--thirty-year-old Frank Harrison, recovering crack-cocaine addict.  Franks mother owned a house where James could stay, for two hundred dollars a month, along with Franks brother, David.  Frank promised they would attend AA and NA meetings just down the street, and James had become convinced it was his best option. 
When he had arrived at the Harrison house, his brother David was there, talking frantically on the telephone.  His free hand was wriggling about to the beat of his speech, and just as the conversation seemed to be ending, David began writing on the wall--just writing on the gray wall with his chewed on pen.  Scribbles on the wall here and there made it clear that Franks brother used the wall as his phone book, writing names, numbers, little reminders and messages. 
They directed James to his bedroom, which was where David used to sleep as an infant.  James opened the door and had to walk through years of undisturbed, dusty-air in order to lay his bag on the floor.  The closet was full of Mrs. Harrisons dresses and shoes, but the dresser was empty, and James stuffed his clothes inside.  He tried to turn on the lamp, but found there was no light bulb.  He slept on a single mattress with no bedding.  James hadnt thought of bedding. 
Mrs. Harrison ended up being a blackout alcoholic who would be found passed out on the front porch on summer nights.  Sometimes she had peed her pants.  James would insist that Frank change her.  Frank would do so, emptying her pockets of any money, even taking back the rent money he had paid her that very day.  Mrs. Harrison was oblivious, and looked like an old, Stevie Nicks witch.  She would go around saying things like, Did you know that Ra was the name of the Egyptian Sun God??? with extra emphasis and importance on Ra. 
Both David and Mrs. Harrison were on the same medications, for some type of schizophrenic mental illness.  David would stop taking his meds, decompensate, and begin to hear the voice of their dead dad coming from the radio.  The voice would tell him to burn his mother with lit cigarette tips.  Hed chase her around the house like a swashbuckler, using his burning cigarette as a sword.  Sometimes hed catch her and Mrs. Harrison would start slapping David until she knocked the hots off of the cigarette butts. 
David would then have to be hospitalized.  He would call from the psych-ward, paranoid, saying, You have to bring me cigarettes, theyre gonna kill me here unless I give them cigarettes!
James had begun drinking again around this time.  His first drink was swallowed with pangs of guilt and remorse, but eventually the daily bottle was customary and needed to stop the shakes.  James went on for weeks this way, just drinking and cleaning the house a bit for them, working in a car-detail shop three days a week for sixty dollars tax-free cash, and living on peanut butter sandwiches and hard boiled eggs. 
Frank Harrison had started smoking marijuana at night, and also drinking again, and would disappear for days, leaving James alone with the rest of the Harrison family.  The Harrisons never asked James any questions about his past and were happy to have him around.  He would play backgammon with David, make sandwiches for Mrs. Harrison, smoke cigarettes on the patio and watch TV until 3:00 a.m.  David was warm and welcoming, and asked James if he liked his new family and offered to take him to the psych hospital instead in case he didnt. 
It all fell apart one day when Frank Harrison brought one of his girlfriends home.  Frank and his girl had walked through the front door and went straight to the back room; James figured they had gone to smoke some crack.  Mrs. Harrison was already asleep upstairs, and David had been in the hospital for two weeks but was stabilizing and probably coming home soon.  James sat in front of the TV with a bottle of Popov vodka. 
Hours later, Frank and his girl had emerged from the back room, a shroud enveloping both of them.  The bony girl began crawling on her hands and knees across the floor, inspecting each speck of dust, everything looking like little crack rocks.  Then she sprang up and began peeping out the shades. 
Theyre gonna steal my tires.  The cops are gonna take my tires, her voice was a soft, panicky whisper, and then take us all to jail, dont look, dont look," and she would look through small finger cracks in the shades.  Her face was pale white, her eyes bugged out of her head, and her neck and jaw jerked as if an electrical current was providing periodic shocks to her spine. 
She pointed directly at James.  Is he with you? she asked Frank, her voice getting louder. 
Hes not smoking nothing.  Make him leave.  Make him leave.  Hes with them.  Look at him.  Hes gotta go! she pleaded with Frank, but then addressed James directly. 
You gotta go!  Get the fuck out of here before I kill you.  Get the FUCK out!
She was hysterical, and smelled like ether and charred ashes.  Frank couldnt calm her, but was also convinced she was right, or at least that he needed to comply.  A paranoid crack partner wrecked the high; it meant bad sex.  James and his bottle could just leave for tonight, Frank could get her high really quick, get another quick blowjob, and then she could pick spiders off herself for all he cared.  For now, James needed to go, and he did. 
A few months later, James crawled back into the detox ward at West Oaks Recovery Center.  Another round of substance abuse treatment, and now here he was, ready to go again.  Another chance. 
James let the memory of the Harrisons keep him company as he stood next to his bag and waited for the cab, taking deep breaths.  Maybe it wasnt his day to go, he thought, maybe his counselor Tom would come grab him, bring him inside, and say theres been a mistake, youre supposed to stay here another week.  Then James could just go on living in rehab, not making any decisions, and rewrite his life at a later date, because this chapter wasnt over yet. 
Across the parking lot, he saw the Argos Animal Shelter sign.  Im free to go there too, James thought; free to go see the home of the barking dogs if I want.  Cabs were always late, so he decided to venture over, and left his duffel bag sitting on the pavement. 
James walked the hundred yards and went through the front door of the shelter pensively, having no real reason to say why he was there.  It smelled surprisingly clean, like the turkey farm when they got fresh hay, or when corn was freshly spread.  James loved it.  God, it smelled good here, he thought.  God am I glad Im gone.  He hoped the worker at the front desk wouldn't notice him and that he could just stand there for a while, not needing to do anything. 
Can I help you? she asked.  She was beautiful, thought James, a dark-skinned, Middle-Eastern girl with happy, kind eyes. 
Nope, just kinda looking around.  James turned his head side to side; there was not much to look at. 
Well, feel free, but we have certain viewing times if you want to see the animals.  Theyre posted on the bulletin board. 
James looked at the bulletin board, glad to have some direction.  Flyers were posted about neutering services, dog parks in the area, and there were business cards from local veterinarians.  Pet adoption hours were posted: 4-7 Monday through Friday, Saturday 12-3.  Closed Sundays. 
A job posting was there as well, and James read it to keep stimulated. 
Animal Control Assistant I
Experience and job duties to include the following:
ASSIST WITH REPORT WRITING & RECORDS--YOUR LOCAL ANIMAL CONTROL ORDINANCE--IDENTIFICATION OF DOGS--CANINE BEHAVIOR--FELINE BEHAVIOR--CAPTURE & RESTRAINT OF DOGS, CATS & WILDLIFE--IDENTIFICATION OF OTHER SPECIES & BREEDS--LARGE ANIMAL CAPTURE--FIRST AID FOR SMALL ANIMALS--MAINTAINING A CLEAN & DISEASE-RESISTANT SHELTER--ANIMAL PLACEMENT GUIDELINES--EUTHANASIA--DEVELOPING & MAINTAINING A POSITIVE PUBLIC IMAGE FOR ANIMAL CONTROL--THE HUMAN-ANIMAL BOND & ANIMAL CONTROL
Supervised by Animal Control Custodian II. 
James went on to read the fine print, and it sounded like most other jobs, including other duties as assigned by supervisor.  Capturing dogs, cleaning their shelter, and then putting them to sleep--everything he had done with the turkeys, and everything he had done with Simon. 
If youre interested, theyve been trying to hire for the position forever, the woman with big, round eyes spoke from behind the counter.  Weve been short staffed, and youll work closely with your supervisor, so you dont have to know half that stuff you read there.  Last animal they picked up was a hit and run and people had been calling for hours.  His body just lay by the side of the road, waiting to be taken in.  Poor thing. 
She stopped herself and looked downward so that her eyes were nearly closed.  James thought of his mothers closed eyes in her casket and wanted to leave.  He just wanted to bust out the front door and tell the cabbie to take him to the store for a pint of vodka, but before he could pivot and go she began speaking again. 
But thats not all, theres much more to it.  Its helping find strays, bringing strays back here to be adopted, and saving all kinds of animals.  That can be the joyous part. 
I grew up on a farm, said James, usually reluctant to say such a thing; in fact, usually rebelling against it.  But here, now, it felt like a bonus.  A turkey farm.  I tackled plenty of run-away turkeys. 
Really, her voice sounded excited.  Well you would have to apply over at the county building, but you should do it; you would be perfect.  I can make you a copy of that, if youd like?
Sure, that would be helpful. 
James listened to her voice and started to like things, liked himself more than ever, or at least hated things much less. 
My name is Ra, by the way, and she pulled the posting off the bulletin board. 
James nodded his head and smiled.  His recently detoxed brain was having an overdose in this sober environment, but he heard an old voice echo from his past: Did you know that Ra was the name of the Egyptian Sun God?  James had heard that once. 
Coincidence is just Gods way of staying anonymous.  He had heard that once, too. 
James looked out the window and across the parking lot.  The cab driver stood by James bag, hands on his hips and his car running, so James grabbed the job description with appreciation before shipping out. 
Chapter Eight
I think its great the way you guys use your own life histories to help others.  You know, your personal experiences with addiction and recovery.  Christy spoke with her lisp, sincere and innocent.  She was dressed in slacks, high-heeled, black boots, and a yellow blouse.  She held her bag close to her chest, and sat with her legs tightly crossed.
Thanks, said Tom.  Youll find a lot more self-disclosure in this setting than others.  It really helps to let clients know youve experienced the same thing before.  Look at Bill, he actually was a client here years ago. 
Tom was straightening a paper clip between his fingers.  He and Christy had just finished co-facilitating a therapy group and were discussing the experience before leaving for the day.  Group therapy with Christy assisting had been a different experience for Tom, but he stayed motivated by trying to impress her with his counseling skills.  Tom finished straightening the paper clip and threw the straightened piece of metal into the garbage. 
But sometimes there can be too much self-disclosure.  For me, I just have to ask myself if I am talking about myself to help the group, or am I using the group for my own therapy, to deal with my own issues.  Thats what an AA meeting is for. 
Well, I think its pretty powerful when you talk about your own recovery.  I know Hank really likes it.  She cut herself off.  I think all the clients like it, she quickly added. 
Remember, Christy, be careful with these guys.  And I dont just mean them attacking you or something, because youre never left alone.  I mean other stuff; guys breaking boundaries, drawing you into a non-professional relationship. 
Okay, I know, I do pretty good. 
Just remember, things arent always harmless.  Like last week when that client said you have nice eyes. 
Christy blushed, and Tom wanted to slap her nave cheeks. 
Well, you got to respond in a way to clarify your relationship.  Otherwise, youre just being groomed.  You got to be aware what kind of pasts these guys have. 
Tom was telling her these things, fully aware that she could understand them in theory, but by the look in her eyes, it was clear that she was ignorant of the depth of human sickness she was dealing with.  She was blind to the danger, especially with the prison-guy clients--not the guys who have been to prison, because half of them have, but the guys who have turned into prison, brought prison with them everywhere they went.  Prison guys become rigid and compliant, showing superficial verbal obedience but were in reality just biding their time.  Often they were in treatment to fulfill a parole requirement, and they were always plotting, assessing their territory, and, if given the chance, perpetrating. 
The intercom on Toms phone interrupted them. 
Tom, are you there?  Got a minute?
It was the nursing station calling.  They rarely called and complained of being ignored when they did.  Tom wanted to be accommodating. 
Yes, definitely. 
Christy took her cue and began standing up out of her chair.  I got to go anyways, Im late, got to run home, but thanks for letting me sit in. 
Tom picked up the phone as Christy slipped out the office door. 
Tom, the nurse spoke, its about Jason Boston from detox.  Hes gone.  He packed his things real quick.  I tried to call a while ago while you were in group. 
Tom sighed, but was not a bit surprised.  Clients often left treatment early, sometimes just an hour after they got there.  During the fog of Toms first days of rehab, when the surroundings sank in like a cruel joke, Tom had also wanted to run from treatment.  He would be sitting in his room--couldnt stop crying, not sure how to scream--and had imagined jumping out the window and running through the woods to the nearest liquor store.  They would be waiting for him, fifth of vodka on the counter, saying what took you so long?
But that's not all, Tom, the voice on the phone continued.  A detective called here to the nurses station.  A worker from the employment agency answered, and accidentally told him Jason was here.  I think thats why he left.  She knows were not supposed to reveal any info, that its confidential, but she is new. 
Oh, geez.  Well, it shouldnt be a big deal.  We probably wont hear anything more about it.  Jason is just dead-set on self-destruction, isnt he?
Tom pictured Jason leaving from detox, with a bag over his shoulder and a new scam on his mind.  Just more paperwork. 
One last thing, Tom.  He got arrested here; just as he was leaving out of the parking lot the police pulled up.  They must have wanted him for something pretty bad and sent a car right out.  They roughed him up pretty good, too.  Usually they dont bother them in treatment.  But, we know Jason. 
Poor Jason, Tom thought, only halfway through detox and now gone to jail.  Tom wondered what the charge might have been.  Both Jason Boston, Jr. and Sr. were experts at retail fraud, credit card scams, and stolen-car chop-shops.  They had both been to prison.  They werent yet prison guys though; at least, not the typical prison guys. 
Did you let Mr. B know?  Mr. B was the boss, affectionately called Mr. B.  His real name was Archie Bonnamantonio. 
Yes, Mr. B knows, and had us document things.  Just wanted to let you know, too. 
Thanks.  Ill finish up the paperwork tomorrow. 
It was time to go home, and Tom had begun gathering his things when he noticed Christys bag beneath her chair.  Christy had left her bag in her rush to leave.  Tom quickly scooped up the bag and darted out of the office to catch her, but looking out the front window saw the exhaust from her Ford Escort as she pulled out.  Beyond the parking lot, he could hear the dogs barking from the animal shelter.  The sun was setting in the western sky, a golden invitation to a relaxing evening at home. 
Tom felt the bag hanging heavily on his shoulders.  Christy carried the bag with her everywhere, draping the handle over her one shoulder while the other hand gripped the opening.  It was a defensive, purse-on-a-dangerous-street hold, but a confident one.  Tom suddenly became very interested in Christy as he returned to his office.  She was vulnerable now, and he was powerful.  He closed his office door and found himself looking in her bag, opening it as if undressing her in her sleep, and there was her journal.  It was clear her journal was there amidst the textbooks, notebooks, pens, hair brush, and opened pack of gum.  A dark-green, cardboard cover with a bookmark nestled softly in the bottom of the bag. 
A part of Tom was excited now, his heart beating faster.  A compulsion swept through him, with all guilt being blocked out and right and wrong becoming irrelevant.  This wasnt him doing this.  He was outside of himself and sitting back, watching a forbidden movie.  It felt dark, dirty, but exhilarating. 
The pages were completely filled with black ink in cursive writing, and the bookmark held the place of her last entry.  Tom flipped through the journal and began reading in the middle. 
I am dieting real good now, and feel better about myself.  I know I can lose all those Christmas pounds.  When school is over, things will be better.  I havent purged in over a year and dont plan to. 
Tom kept flipping, scanning short sentences. 
I know I love my mom.  Were best friends, but I just hate when shes so critical.  I wish I could tell her, but she couldnt handle it.  I need to listen to others more.  Not just my mom.  Shes just upset with her own life, and I feel sad for her.  Were both angry that dad left us; hes been a real jerk of a man, but she takes it out on all her new boyfriends, like Ricky, who I liked. 
Tom was a bit disappointed at his find; the payoff should have been much more.  But there was still a chance.  Family history, fears of school, of making payments, and boyfriends, were all in there.  He finally came to a couple of entries about West Oaks. 
Everything they tell us in school is so different.  I like the people that work here, but they are so bitter, so critical.  The therapists talk bad about the clients when theyre not around and make fun of them and joke about the way they look.  They should care more but I guess theyve been around.  I want to care more and to help them more.  I know I can connect with others and make a big difference.  I can help them and reach their hearts.  They like talking to me.  I cant believe what these guys have been through.  It really makes me sad and angry, sometimes I cry, and want to help.  I cant wait until I graduate and start a real job. 
Tom closed the journal, briefly studied the green cover, and then used the bookmark to open to the last page of writing. 
I feel so different.  I want this to happen, I really do.  I know Ill be a good Mother.  I have to decide if Im going to keep the baby or get the abortion.  (God I hate to write that word!)  But even if Mom says shed help take care of the baby, the baby needs a father too.  Im glad she didnt get too angry when I told her.  I expected her to freak out a lot more, but she had me young, too, and she wasnt ready either.  Im really lost about this.  I dont have a clue which way I should go and feel like an idiot for letting this happen.  How could I?  But I know it doesnt make me bad, just a bad mistake.  The worst mistake of my life, and Ill never do it again.  This will all be over soon.  Ill have to talk with Hank when he gets out, he gets out tomorrow.  Well figure it all out tomorrow when he gets out. 
Tom felt puzzled.  Something really sinister about what he was doing started to ease in.  Put the journal back quick, he thought, you can still be innocent; its not too late.  You happened to find a strange bag in your office and were just seeing whose bag it was, Tom told himself.  You didnt know who the bag belonged to, so you took out one book looking for some kind of identification. 
Tom got up and locked the door to his office.  Sitting back at his desk again, he flipped a few pages back. 
I let Hank kiss me today.  He has such a good heart.  He just needs to get some direction.  Hanks really been hurt bad.  He never even had a chance with all that hes been through but I think Im getting through to him. 
Pages kept flipping, with Tom expecting each entry to build on the one before, his head buzzing loudly now. 
Oh, God.  What was I thinking?  Me and Hank went to my car today and he kissed me again.  I think Im starting to love him.  Hes attractive and savage and exciting.  But then I got on top of him and we had sex.  I pulled up my skirt and sat on his lap and he seemed to be expecting it.  It was awesome!  Quick and scary and probably way too much but who knows whats next.  If he tells on me Im dead, but I dont think he will.  How am I going to face him tomorrow? 
Will we be able to have sex again I wonder?  Ill just have to pretend nothing happened, but I wonder if Im in love.  Im so attracted to him.  It feels like we were just drawn to each other. 
Tom snapped the book shut and stuck it back in the bag.  Got to get out of here quick, he thought, get out of here before you read this thing end to end and you can never come to work after the secrets you uncover.  He put the bag deep underneath the chair and darted out of his office. 
And then, just steps down the hallway, Christy appeared, walking quick and purposeful.  She had come back and Tom had gotten out just in time. 
Tom, Im glad you didnt leave.  My bag.  I forgot my bag in your office.  Sorry.  She was breathing hard. 
Oh, you did?  Well, my office is open if you want to look.  Just shut the door on your way out.  Gotta go, thanks Christy. 
And Tom kept walking, meeting her eyes for just a split second before moving on.  He got to the parking lot and imagined she had just retrieved her bag out from under the chair, and in her relief, would never notice a thing. 
Tom drove home, the setting sun long gone and the night a little darker, the traffic a little lighter.  He pretended there was a dilemma about what to do with this information.  There was no real dilemma, though, because he was going to do absolutely nothing and knew it.  Not a thing.  Not tell anyone.  Cant tell anyone, just have to stay quiet.  It will probably pop up, anyway, some way or another, and Tom planned to just wait until then.  Maybe he could tell Christy he had heard her morning sickness and she would disclose everything, but probably not.  If the truth gets out, that would really be drama. 
Pregnant!  Fucking pregnant from a prison-guy client doing her in the parking lot.  You silly girl.  Tom almost admired Hank Peterson, how he could work that somehow.  Hanks incredible quest fulfilled, a twenty-two year old Christy bouncing on his lap, bumping her head on the roof of her Escort.  The trauma Christy must be going through with all of this, and staying quiet about it.  Not only being pregnant, but being in love--that was probably the worst part, the most fragile part, why did she have to use the word Love?  What to do when all this explodes?  Tom would stay professional of course, but man, will this be wild.  Hank Peterson wouldnt tell anyone about the sex, Tom figured, he was smarter and slicker than that; but Christy would never hear from him again.  Shes going to have to get real good at quiet desperation. 
Either way, Im glad nobody knows what I did, thought Tom, looking into Christys private world like some sick voyeur.  It was enough of a secret for Tom to pretend it never happened. 
As Tom drove home, he looked forward to hearing Pattys voice and sharing a cup of herbal tea while they put their feet up together on the coffee table.  They lived in a small, brick bungalow, in a wonderful suburb that was not too boring but also never in danger of becoming trendy.  The home had a small master bedroom, an unused guest bedroom, and one bedroom that had been turned into storage.  They had discussed cleaning the stored junk from the room to make the nursery, but decided not to actually start the project; not just yet.  Old sweaters waiting to be donated, boxes of picture books, a dusty exercise bike, and the bundled-up tent they slept in during their Alaskan honeymoon lay in the room, untouched, until a nursery would be needed. 
Tom got home and pulled into an empty driveway and an empty house.  He fought against the tiny resentments that would bud whenever Patty worked late.  She was dedicated, and Tom loved that, but he wouldnt dare ask her to spend more time at home.  His unflinching support couldnt waver or he would fear his own noble husbandry had failed.  Tom went into the house, and his allegiance was rewarded when she pulled into the driveway before he had the chance to grab the TV remote. 
They hugged as she came through the door, and Tom smelled the days work on her, breathing it in during their embrace.  Their fatigued auras collided and mixed, then dispersed.  A sweet, yet married and obligatory, kiss ended their greeting.  Patty sighed and plopped her briefcase on the table.  Her tall body stood powerful as she thumbed through the junk mail.  A silky, white blouse wrinkled from a long day draped over her body. 
Guess whos pregnant? Tom found himself saying. 
Who's that?  She sat down next to him. 
Christy, Christy the intern at work, is pregnant. 
Really?  So, is that a good thing?
Well, I dont think so; I think shes pregnant by a client, a client she was talking with here and there.  Tom paused, examining Pattys eyes to see her reaction.  But, I did something incredibly terrible to find out.  Youre not going to believe it. 
By a client! That is messed up.  Does everybody know?
Thats what I mean.  I read about it; I read it in her journal.  She left her bag in my office and I just started snooping around and read her journal.  I wish I could undo it.  Im not going tell anybody, but I wish I could just erase it in my mind or something. 
By a client.  Thats sick.  Shes not fit for social work, Patty stated matter-of-factly. 
Well, it just proves my theory that the best way for us to get pregnant is for me to get strung out on crack, and then get high until were homeless. 
Tom was hoping Patty would laugh, but instead she sat silently.  She tugged her shoes off her feet and pulled her white blouse out of her slacks.  They both sat back deep on the coach, their bare feet on the coffee table. 
So you read her journal?  That was nasty!  You shouldnt have done that. 
I know.  I wasnt even going to tell you.  That was the only gossip in there, but its big enough.  Shell never know, I wont treat her any different. 
Glad I told you, thought Tom, I cant keep anything hidden. 
So, what is that little infant gonna be like?  Born to an addict and a social worker and conceived in a treatment center parking lot.  The baby will probably be an addict itself and have to go to treatment just like its dad. 
I dont know if shes even going to have the baby, especially when she realizes he was just using her.  Right now she thinks shes in love and shes saving some poor lost soul. 
A dark hue covered Pattys eyes, and Tom wondered if he should have told her about the pregnancy.  Confessing about reading the journal was cleansing, but maybe he should have kept it private, with Christy getting pregnant so easy, so randomly, and so wrong even.  Was Patty finally on the verge of getting frustrated over this?  If so, she wasnt saying. 
Patty, do you ever worry about our child getting involved in alcohol or drugs with me as their parent?  I mean, you do realize our child will also be the product of a social worker and an addict.  I will be passing down my alcoholic genes. 
Patty remained quiet on the couch, listening thoroughly and thinking deeply as she always did. 
If they learn from you and want to be like their dad, theyll be wonderful, Patty moved closer to him.  They will learn to love themselves too much to drink or drug.  Plus we will be a sober and healthy family; that will make a huge difference. 
She rested her head against his shoulder.  They sat quietly on the couch until she fell asleep, still in her work clothes.  Tom turned the TV on with the volume down low, listened to the hum of Pattys deep breathing, and watched a movie about horse racing. 

Why did I tell her about the journal, Tom thought, why didnt I keep that quiet? 
Because we have to work together on these things, Tom then told himself, because you need her help in figuring these things out.  Because left to your own devices, you will probably turn your child into a miserable alcoholic.  Then you will die, leaving the burden of addiction recovery on your child. 
Maybe if I could just figure out what was so wrong and empty about us Cleaves, Tom thought.  What was it about the body of a Cleaves man that was drawn to alcohol? 
While Tom was growing up, alcohol was the first thing his dad went for when he came home from his job at the car dealership.  The crisp noise of the red Budweiser beer can opening made the announcement to the Cleaves family that dad was home.  Tom remembered waiting for his dad to finish the beer, wondering when it was safe to be noticed, and yearning for the day he could drink too.  To take a beer from the fridge seemed so special, nearly sacred.
It was a Cleaves legacy.  At holidays, his grandfather and father would drink together like it was an ancient ritual.  They had a secret alliance in the back room, with their tables and chairs and ottomans and sitting in front of football on TV.  Sometimes the mens laughter would roar and Tom feared he was in trouble and might get yelled at, but other times the roaring laugh just meant a good Easter or good Christmas.  Tom dreamed of joining the Easter and Christmas drinking alliance someday. 
By age twelve, Tom had learned how to sneak cans of Budweiser while his father was getting drunk.  He could drink six of them and nobody would even notice. 
In high school, it was a twelve pack, and drinking meant girls, parties, and concocting up the perfect potion of alcohol and drugs mixed.  Thomas was the wizard with a magic elixir, totally in control now, and becoming a different breed of Cleaves--a new, stronger hybrid.  Even his dad didnt know how to do it right anymore, how to send yourself off to the other worlds charged by electric cocaine, or how to relax with a soft fuzzy Vicodin.  Tom had experienced so many nights of his spirit feeling fiercely alive, on fire, burning with desire for everything the world could offer.  The desire was fueled by cocaine draining through his nasal passages, white electric powder shooting up and down his spine, and alcohol soaking his spirit.  It was a wonderful dimension that only the fools ignored. 
Thomas Alexander Cleaves loved to drink, he loved his drugs, and he loved life, and he used to think it was all the same thing--all the same thing, until loving to drink and drug was hating life, floating to death, and being pulled downstream to forever oblivion.  Whatever it was that made a Cleaves man crave alcohol, Tom knew that he didnt want to drink anymore, didnt have to drink anymore, and he would do anything possible to keep the new Cleaves offspring safe and sober. 
Before going to bed that night, Tom double-checked the front and back door to make sure they were locked.  It was just a precaution.  Jason Boston, Jr. was probably in jail, but he had left treatment, and the address of Thomas Alexander Cleaves was in the phone book.  
Chapter Nine
The trick is to scoop them up as close to the pavement as you can get.  If you can get the shovel just right under their skin, just like this, J, the whole thing will peel right up, like picking a scab really.  Ive been doing this for a while now.  You think it is just easy, but Im getting good, Im getting real good. 
Lester Simpson, Animal Control Custodian I, was training James White in the art of dead raccoon clean up on Winchester Drive.  They had been driving together all week, Lester calling James J from the start, and they spent all the working hours of each day together. 
But sometimes they are so crushed that all you can do is mince them, just mince them, J!  And turn the pointy part of the shovel and break them up to pieces, do the best you can, and then shovel up the pieces.  It all breaks down and disintegrates anyhow, if the crows dont eat the rest. 
Lester spit and scraped the metal shovel across the concrete pavement.  The scraping got louder until the raccoon was lifted in one effective scoop.  A bloodless body had become nearly flat, except for its feathery tail that looked like a cheap souvenir.  The smell of the carcass was putrid but faded quickly. 
Opa! Lester yelled, and put the dead animal in the steel-ply garbage bag. 
Lester patted James on the shoulder. 
Youll be on your own tomorrow, J; Im gonna miss you!
Thanks, Lester, but I will still be calling on you all the time for help.  Its been quite a week. 
They went back into the truck, Lester in the driver seat and James riding in his familiar, sidekick position.  Tomorrow James would drive his own truck, go on his own jobs--the smaller ones he could handle.  The week had been spent going over policy and procedure.  Lester discussed laws about which animals were allowed where.  James learned things like: a dog cant be more than 10 percent wolf, a pig is allowed as a pet if it lives on over ten acres, and some dead birds had to be saved to test for West Nile Virus.  Keeping more than two chickens in a residential area is also a violation of the animal nuisance law. 
The public would call, and J and Lester would be dispatched, answering calls for dead animals and lost strays. 
Remember, J, you let me handle the big ones.  I handle the big ones.  Big snakes, big birds.  Lester pointed at his chest, And the tranquilizer gun is mine, J, you cant be handling that yet. 
James thought of the dope-fiend buddies he had met in treatment.  They would love the tranquilizer gun; love to stick it right down their throat, and wouldnt hesitate to pull the trigger. 
Now you know, J, now you know.  Now you know theres a whole kingdom of wild critters, wandering dogs and cats, smelly skunks and stupid possums, all among us all the time.  Were the wardens, J, me and you. 
Lester drove the truck as if it were a big rig, his hairy forearm laying across the steering wheel, and he looked up with a blank stare as he talked.  On the dashboard, a sticker was partially torn off, but the letters SNIP could be seen in big letters, with the words Spay/Neuter Incentive Program written smaller underneath. 
Youre gonna have fun at this, J.  Youre gonna have fun.  Aint seen nothing yet.  Ive impounded so many animals it seems like a blur.  Ive seen some get adopted from the shelter, and Ive seen many get killed, and I decided that I was gonna keep bringing em in, even if they got killed--euthanasia, J.  Because sometimes they come in a matted-up mess and I feel real sorry for them, real sorry, and I want to bring them home, but I take em to the shelter, thinking, maybe theyll make someone else happy.  We clean them up real good, J, and they wont be strays ever again, because someones gonna take em in, or someones gonna put them to rest for good.  Theyll never be strays again. 
Yep, the only way to keep them from getting killed is for all of us to just stop keeping pets altogether, just make it illegal and wait until they all die out naturally.  But thats not gonna happen now, J, is it?  Nope, so we may as well try to save a few while others are neglecting them. 
Lester was silent for a moment and sighed with one last comment, We should take their kids away too, J, to treat a living thing the way Ive seen them treat em. 
James liked Lester but still didn't really open up, not totally, not just yet.  James had to trust himself a bit first.  He had no idea how long he was going to be staying.  Just like the halfway house he was staying at, the job might just be a quick pit stop.  Years of transience had taught him this.  No plan was ever permanent; no situation couldnt be bailed out of.  Lester didnt know James had grown up on a farm and saw dead animals, dead turkeys, by the thousands.  He didnt know J was an alcoholic and used to have a pint of vodka for breakfast, not coffee and bagels.  Lester didnt know much, and that made James feel completely free to be whoever he wanted to be. 
But things were good, really good, and James was happy where the wind was blowing him.  The Animal Control position was his quickly, he just had to be supervised and attend trainings to become certified over the next six months.  The only delay in getting hired had been waiting on the criminal background check.  Fortunately, his only charge had happened out of state.  Two years ago, during a drunken rage, James had decided to drive out west and leave everything behind to start a new life with a whole new name.  Ten hours and two states later, he spent the night in the drunk tank.  He drove home the next day and the escape was aborted. 
I left Simon behind then, didnt I, thought James, left him behind to deal with the chaos of the farmhouse.  He figured Simon loved the farm, like him, loved the land and activity, but felt the farmhouse was cursed.  It was the farmhouse where things were warped; it was the farm that was natural.  Such a mixture of kindness and evil. 
Check our garbage, James used to think to himself, that was all somebody would have to do, check our garbage.  He had figured that was the key to his rescue from the farmhouse.  Thats where you would find out what was really going on.  Fifths of whiskey, cigarette ashes, red rags from his mothers nose bleeds, and broken ashtray glass from the yearly Christmas arguments all were clues in the bottom of the garbage. 
The garbage had become nearly empty during his mothers hospital stays.  When she returned home to die, the empty prescription bottles would rattle in the bottom of the plastic garbage container.  Eventually his mothers diapers would be in the garbage, and the fifths of whiskey were long gone, gone with his father and his dog Simon. 
James looked at Lesters garbage full of Styrofoam coffee cups and cigarette ashes.  He cleaned his garbage out of the truck daily, and cleaned the garbage of the city daily, both carcass and stray. 
Now Im alone with Lester, but it feels right today. 
Whats the craziest thing youve ever seen, Lester? James asked, hoping to hear some more stories. 
Lester laughed deeply, J, youre talking to me like Im some old man, some old man named Pops in some prison movie.
James could tell that Lester wanted to be looked at like Pops. 
Well, lets see.  Ive seen dead animal parts of all sorts, J.  Ive scraped up limbs that were a quarter a mile apart, and had to kill litters of skunks, its not nothing new anymore.  But I just look for the neat things to keep me going.  Like this cat I picked up once--this was about three or four years ago.  He was a real neat-looking orange cat and was meowing for hours one morning at this apartment complex.  Well, I got the call and picked up the cat and just as Im ready to go a young fellow comes out of the apartments.  Hes looking like hell, real depressed, and starts crying.  Crying like a baby, J.  He thinks Im playing a joke on him.  It was his cat, his orange cat.  His cat that he lost eight months ago.  A cat that lived with him before he moved not once, but twice, over a hundred miles away.  The cat ended up at his new apartments doorstep.  That really happened, J, and it even made the paper. 
Yeah, Ive heard of things like that, Lester.
Coincidences happen like that, J, that arent really coincidences.  Its that stuff Im talking about.  You look for that stuff, J, because youll find it. 
Coincidences that arent really, thought James, I dont need to be told that.  But maybe some are bad, coincidences with evil intentions.  Like things that happen before I drink and get all fucked up again.  Its not just a coincidence when I need twenty cents to get a pint of vodka and then find two, ten-cent returnables.  If Lester offered him a drink, would that be coincidence?  His addiction is not just chance, its disorder with a purpose. 
The disorder was in total control now, but James tried to accept that, just surrender to it.  Just learn to make a friend of the horrorthats what Brando said in Apocalypse Now, become a friend of the horror, or it becomes a true enemy. 
At times his drug-fueled thoughts had made sense of it all, much more sense than his sober mind could, and provided glimpses of world harmony.  The harmony could even be found tucked into the memories of living at the farm--in the back of the farm where he would hide in the deep woods by the fence, and especially the day he had been drinking and taken some acid.  Marcus Chandler, an old high-school friend, was selling two-dollar hits of acid, and James had bought the LSD eagerly. 
James remembered sitting against the wired fence, with a bottle of Busch beer between his legs, and waiting for the LSD to take effect.  Turkeys shuffled in front of him, their herky-jerky heads bobbing this way and that, and they gobbled with every breath.  James sat relaxed, like watching waves fold upon the beach, and the turkeys weaved a wonderful dance as he drank his six-pack. 
The sun was warm and glowing, and his senses started to drip like the sweat on his forehead.  The cells of his body seemed to be expanding, encompassing more and more, and James let it happen.  He felt his body oozing, the grass breathing, and the earth moving up and down to match the air in his lungs.  Sounds were deeper, richer, and were felt in his chest like loud bass from far away. 
The sounds he felt in his chest were the gobbles. 
The random gobbles from the turkeys, the backdrop of life for James his whole life, were now screams.  Cries.  Gobbles were cries, getting more and more intense, and speaking to James directly.  The turkeys were telling James they were finally glad he could hear them, finally glad he could hear their screams of fear, of being trapped.  Weve always been here, marching off to our slow death, watching our family being hit with stun guns and propped up by their feet, and then sliding towards decapitation.  You can hear us now James, youre realizing we smell the blood of our brothers in the air, see the blood squirt out of their necks.  Were always scared and screaming, screaming in the gobbles, gobbles, gobbles, gobbles, but nobody hearing us, just watching us being slaughtered.  But now you know, James, today you can finally hear us. 
They know theyre going to die, thought James, feeling his veins throb in his temple.  James had never been sure if they knew they were going to die or not, but now they were telling him.  The animals on the farm knew they were here to be slaughtered for someone else, and were living in terror everyday. 
But then James began to envy the turkeys and his pulse began slowing.  The screams ringing in his ear became comforting.  The turkeys had a definite purpose, they knew their role, and they lived not in fear but acceptance.  They accepted they were supposed to be killed slowly, accepted they were supposed to live in terror.  It was all part of an absurd game for them to try to escape through cracks in the fence, to eat to get fat, and to wander aimlessly to get nowhere.  It was just why they were here, so let it happen.  And just as James found his mind comforted with this thought, they gobbled back in confirmation.  Yes, James, youre finally getting it, yes, James, youre getting it.  Gobbling in fear was just part of it.  Now you got it James, now you know. 
Just characters in Gods story; God was their narrator, and they had learned to play their part.  James had said that once, and Tom the therapist liked it, repeated it even. 
James looked at Lester, studied the crinkled lines on his face, and wondered what the big man would be like on acid.  Perhaps Lester was an ex-acidhead, and maybe both of them still had acid lingering on the brain that helped them to do this animal-control job. 
They reached the animal shelter, and Lester turned into the parking lot.  James noticed the shelters paint was fading and had become gray and flaky, as if the barking dogs had withered the paint away.  They gathered the days belongings and walked into the shelter. 
You ready to visit Ra?  You like Ra, J, you should like her.  Lester gave James taps on the elbow. 
Lester had been pushing James toward Ra, the dark-skinned shelter worker they would see most every day.  James would notice Lester looking at her as she walked away, looking at her hips move, and now he was vicariously hoping to get Ra in bed through James.  James did love her company, and looking at her big eyes and warm smile.  Like a mystic nurse, she was comforting to the soul. 
Ra is gorgeous! Ra is great! You get with Ra, James. 
James was finally to the point where he wished Lester would shut up.  They went into the building and washed their hands immediately, Lester knowing enough to keep quiet now, and there was Ra.  She was cleaning the cages, shuffling the dogs to the commons area one at a time, hosing down the empty cages, soaping them, rinsing away the smells and echoes of dogs gone by, and then welcoming the dogs back home. 
James imagined grabbing the hose and spraying Ra all over.  He could imagine her giggle as they both got soaked, drenched in each other as her wet clothes clung tight to her body. 
But then James imagined she would remember where James was from, and stop playing real quick and straighten out her smile to a stern and controlled grimace.  She couldnt do this with him; he crawled in here from the pit-hole across the parking lot, just a dank and dirty drug addict permanently stained, so she better stay away. 
Where does she go at night, he wondered?  She certainly didn't have the same eleven p. m. curfew he had at the halfway house, and she probably didnt go to AA meetings.  Ra is just one of those straight people--perfectly happy straight.  One of those folks who seem content with just living; just the air they breathe is enough.  Perhaps she is from a foreign land, as her skin showed, but her voice was not distinguished with any accent.  How did she get so happy?  So happy that she could take care of these animals day after day and the furry creature that clung to her side one day was put to sleep the next.  Still, she took care of them like a mother forever cursed with an infinite love for lost strays.  James felt suddenly jealous that the stray animals could attract the mystic nurse with just a fur coat and sad look. 
Ra seemed to notice that James was looking at her.  She made quick glances in his direction but kept cleaning the cages with the glowing smile on her face.  James found a complete acceptance in her gaze.  Maybe she really doesnt know where I am from? 
And then she spoke. 
James, James White, our new worker.  You recognize him guys; hes your new big buddy.  Our big buddy.  Hes a nice guy, isn't he?
James realized she was talking to the group of dogs.  A small dachshund, a black, terrier-like thing, a poodle mix, and an overweight cocker all listened attentively. 
Doesnt talk much yet, does he?  But just you wait.  Hes just starting out, I think were gonna see amazing things from him once he grows into this place, guys.  Its the quiet ones we got to watch out for; the quiet ones like James, our big buddy.  The ones who are quiet on the outside have something on the inside.  Just you wait. 
James sat there, listening to her just like the group of dogs.  Tell me more, he thought, tell me more, because if you can understand me, maybe theres hope. 
Chapter Ten
In Tempe, Arizona, a Western Tiger Butterfly flapped its wings sending tiny blasts of air into the infinite sky.  The drift from the butterfly rose up into the Pacific jet-stream and fanned a weather front that brought a lightening storm and fifty-five mile-an-hour winds to the West Oaks Recovery Center and the twenty-three chemically dependent clients housed inside.  
The crackle of the thunder scared Mandy Gestalt so that she ran to lie in her parents bed, but she couldnt sleep and just worried about Peteys grave blanket getting soaked or blown away.  
Jason Boston, Jr. was safe in jail, the thunder barely heard in the windowless, cement cell. 
The storm crashed outside of Christys window, but she was unable to sleep anyway.  She was spending the night in her parents extra bedroom and wondered about the anesthetic they would give her for the abortion in the morning. 
And Hank Peterson was smoking crack.  The thunder rumbled outside as the icy smoke filled his lungs, the ghostly spirit of cocaine pumped through his heart and exploded across his brain.  A shrieking sound whistled in his brain as the rush filled his undead mind.  
The rush started to fade, and the horror of smoking his last crack rock starts setting in.  Primordial fear becomes the new high.  Thats it, its all over, its all got to stop.  Theres nothing left, the cracks all gone. 
The fear appears on the front porch, in soft footsteps and tiny voices they are all out to get you, theyre coming to get you, the voices outside know all about you and what you did theyre coming to get all of you, but the rest of the crack-heads sitting around you dont know this, they cant hear the things you can hear, only you can hear. but maybe you can steal a rock from them, or use your gun--just use your gun to get what you need and keep yourself safe. 
When the police crashed through the front door with guns drawn, most of the six people sitting on the floor froze in fear and dropped their glass pipes, but one reached for his gun, thinking it would keep him safe. 
And in Tempe, Arizona, twenty-seven deep-green Western Tiger caterpillars hatched to an orange, setting sun.  Tom Cleaves drove quickly home from work through the wind and rain that day.  Pattys menstrual cycle was three days late. 
***
Patty Ann Cleaves put the plastic pregnancy test on its proper place at the corner of the toilet top, where it belonged.  It had become the checking place.  It was the place where she and Tom would lean over the toilet together, like sunflowers leaning over a pond, every time she took the test; always waiting for two stripes, not one.  Medical advice had been sought, operations pondered, and sex had been forced, all to get two little red stripes on the cheap plastic strip. 
Its positive! Its positive!  Patty gleamed. 
Holy shit, holy shit!  We did it, we did it! Tom hugged Patty quickly and then did a mock lap around the living room, circling the coffee table in a victory lap with his arms pumping in the air like Rocky Balboa.  Patty laughed and Tom finished his lap by jumping into her arms.  They held each other in a loose, giggling hug, before finally pulling each other into a tight embrace and gently rocking side to side.  Tears welled up from deep within their guts, rose up their spines, and then trickled down their cheeks from their smiling eyes.  Both of them were crying in joy.  This was always going to happen, was meant to happen.  Why ever doubt it? 
They looked at each others smiles, exchanged Wows, shook their heads in awesome disbelief, paced back and forth, planned for painting a nursery, thought of names, made a list of supplies, moved furniture, and then just lay on the floor together.  They lay with their backs on the carpet and their legs in the air on the couch, discussing futures and changes, and felt like they were getting married all over again, re-exchanging vows. 
They figured out the date of conception.  The night of Toms nightmare, the late-night sex where they slept in each others arms and Tom had overslept through Pattys waking.  The night their souls finally came together was here in their little bungalow suburbia; no divine, Montana land or doctors intervention was needed. 
God this is great, said Tom.  Feels like a green light finally; but we cant tell anybody yet, can we? 
Well, youre not supposed to for the first few months to make sure the pregnancy takes.  Plus, we should get another test done.  We have that appointment with Dr. Thames in a week though.  We can do it then. 
Patty seemed to feel in control finally, finally permitted to implement her new role as mother.  It was her mission now, her own volunteer mission she had signed up for when she agreed to have sex and let Toms fluid minnow its way to her fertile egg.  She rubbed her belly more than once as they spoke and imagined the growth beginning. 
Tom went to bed that night with so much on his mind.  Life was different now.  He had a much grander purpose to life now, more important, more magnificent. 
The storm continued outside, and brief flashes of lightening brought a slow-motion strobe light to their bedroom, their place of conception.  A sign, thought Tom, just a sign or a reflection.  Nature was changing, and Tom and Patty would be living their lives for another. 
The morning routine was done with a freshness Tom and Patty hadnt felt since their last vacation.  They felt cleaner, lighter, re-born.  Excess mental weight and worry were shed and left behind.  It felt like waking up on the morning of a long-anticipated trip and being eager for the airplane flight. 
On his drive to work, Tom imagined Patty pregnant, her tall body and soft skin growing ever more feminine.  Then he thought of the delivery room, the mix of suspense, fluid, screams and joy.  A blood-soaked child would be crying, wailing, waiting for Tom to take him home and let him grow.  Tom would give him everything he ever wanted for himself and more. 
Black coffee warmed Toms throat and cleared his airways as he rode through traffic and looked sideways at the sad faces.  Just another day, but Tom was intoxicated with joy.  His eyes were more alert, his synapses were firing quick and sure, and he put his turn signals on extra early and then crisply changed lanes.  He followed the station wagon into work at exactly 2.5 car lengths and read the bumper sticker on the back--co-exist--then parked with precision upon his arrival.  When he had passed the blind man tapping his cane down the sidewalk, Tom was sure he could have waved to the man and the lone figure would have seen. 
Listening to clients that day would be done with a new sense of vigor. 
Tom listened to the crack-cocaine addict who had five children by three different women.  There was a new connection now, both of them were fathers and loved their children. 
Youll always be their dad, no matter where your addiction takes you, Tom assured him. 
The fifty-five-year-old pharmacist and Percodan addict spoke with Tom for two hours; he had a son in college, and Tom could understand what it might be like visiting his son at the university on a football weekend. 
And Tom could relate to the twenty-eight-year-old alcoholic with two domestic-violence charges who was losing custody of his kids.
I need to stop drinking if I ever want to see my kids again, the man stated, nose road-mapped with broken blood vessels.  If I dont, shell take them away.  Its my last resort. 
I understand, said Tom, and theres a part of AA, the spiritual part, that says its a higher power that can help you.  Well, part of the higher power for you can be that idea of the father you always wanted to be when your children were born.  Letting go and letting God, and both of you taking care of your children, allowing that higher power to flow through you. 
The twenty-eight-year-old, alcoholic roofer listened, not sure what he was hearing, but felt inspired to talk to the counselor who was nodding his head, sat at the edge of the seat, and looked him straight in the eye. 
Tom reached out to everyone he talked to, and treated each client like they were family.  Together they would stay sober and help the children.  As the week went on, Tom felt he was raising eight or nine kids.  Tom was helping children from ages three to twenty-four by giving them back their fathers.  The fractured souls they remembered as their parents were getting sober and turning into fully functioning humans again. 
Each night Tom came home to Patty, and it felt like the beginning of a new relationship.  They talked about how they would tell Pattys parents, and how they might even fly in Toms mother from Florida.  In about a month, they would talk to their employers, disclose the pregnancy, and plan for a family leave of absence to allow them to both stay at home with the child before modifying their schedules.  Maybe they could work from home, or work fewer hours, or maybe work on weekends. 
They decided they did not want to know the gender of the baby in advance, and would just paint the nursery yellow or light blue or something.  They wanted the surprise of the birth, and to give unconditional love without any preconceived notions.  If they knew the gender, they might imagine the infants face, the toddlers personality, and set themselves up to be disappointed.  So far, this part of the strategy wasnt working.  Tom privately couldnt help but already imagine the childs face, its eyes, and its laugh, and saw the child whenever he closed his eyes to sleep. 
Maybe we should decide on names for good, said Patty.  People are going to be asking us as soon as we make the announcement. 
Well, I like the idea of Anthony, after your grandfather, said Tom.  But if its a girl, I like Samantha best of all the ones we talked about.
All right, done; Anthony or Samantha, Patty stated with a smile.  It will be an Anthony or a Samantha who would be waking us up, crying for us, and throwing up all over our clothes. 
The Director in Patty was coming out, the planner and decision-maker.  Her ability for forethought, along with her comforting people skills and her warm aura, all helped her to become Director of Volunteer Placement.  But now her focus was all at home, on the marriage and the pregnancy.  No more late nights and weekend afternoons spent at work because eight hundred care packages were needed for Thanksgiving or houses needed renovating in the city.  Tom looked forward to having her home more often.  They were partners now, partners of the growing Cleaves fellowship. 
Tom worked out that night, for the first time in a month; lifting on the weight bench in the basement.  He felt his muscles expand as he pushed them to exhaustion, letting them quiver under the weight as he brought the bar to his chest, and felt himself get stronger as he forced the weight up, pushing the air out of his lungs with each repetition.  He then straightened out the junk room, pulling the clothes off the exercise bike, and rode for forty-five minutes.  Sweat beaded across his forehead and his energy grew with each turn of the pedal.  A shower helped clean off the sweat, and a roast-beef sandwich with cheddar cheese fed his hungry muscles. 
Two days later, the doctors appointment with Dr. Thames confirmed the pregnancy.  Patty was to begin regular check-ups and prenatal vitamins, and all sorts of birthing options, classes, and reading material were offered. 
Tom continued to glow at work.  Desmond and Bill just watched as Tom worked in a whirlwind, a hidden smirk with everything he did.  Tom was near-manic at times, and there was a floating sense to his walk, as if he were rising above others and looking down.  A golden hue surrounded his vision, and the characters he would listen to at AA meetings who were once leeches had become blessed saints. 
Desmond caught up to Tom one day during a lunch break.  Tom was munching a tuna sandwich and scribbling progress notes, and Desmond placed a newspaper next to Tom's plate. 
Heres the story about Hank Peterson.  They dont name him in the article, but thats him, thats him in there.  His people called here to let us know. 
Wait.  What happened?
Didnt you hear?  Hank Peterson was killed.  They shot him in a raid on a crack house.  He pulled his gun at the police, so they say.  It happened a couple of days ago. 
Tom read the article. 
A 33-year-old man died in Receiving Hospital last night.  The man, whose name was not disclosed, was shot during a raid on a suspected Eastside drug house.  Five thousand dollars worth of cocaine, a small amount of marijuana, and illegal arms were confiscated.  Seven arrests were made, and no other injuries were reported.  The man was shot when he allegedly pulled a firearm on the police officer.  He died of his wounds 24 hours later. 
Alone.  Suddenly Tom felt all alone.  For some reason he couldnt breath, couldnt tell anyone he couldnt breathe, but he needed to see the face of Christy to be okay again.  Where was she?  He hadnt seen her all week.  Did she know yet? 
Hank certainly wasnt the first client who had died shortly after leaving West Oaks.  Many clients died after discharge and, whenever possible, the newspaper articles were pinned up on the West Oaks Recovery Center bulletin board.  Just this month there were two.  Depakote, Prozac, and Risperdal gobbling Gabe Lancaster had been one.  Gabe had been unsure of his sexuality, and killed himself with a rope in a garage.  
And then there was Sammy Hendricks.  Sammy had never even smoked crack before coming to treatment.  He was an alcoholic who sat in West Oaks and listened to the stories of crack-induced terror, and somehow developed a huge, gnawing hunger for the crack rock.  Sammy died when his heart exploded after sucking on a glass crack pipe for the first time.  They never found the crew who dumped his body outside of the emergency room that night. 
Clients were made aware they had as good a chance of dying from their addiction in the five years after treatment as they did in staying sober for that period of time.  Tom felt confident Hank was unique.  Hank was the first client who had impregnated an intern and died after leaving West Oaks. 
Are you going to the funeral? Tom asked Desmond.  Tom wouldnt have to ask Bill; he knew Bill would be going.  Bill went to all those types of things.  He loved to go to funerals and look sad, look at the ground, and wear his black leather jacket. 
Desmond took a deep breath before answering, his chest bulking up. 
No.  Im not gonna go.  I got too much to do around here. 
By the way, wheres Christy been; hasnt she been helping you?
Nope.  Shes on a medical leave this week for something or other.  Just said it was one of those girl things.  Who knows, maybe she went to Florida for spring break, but she said it was medical, so I didnt ask. 
A medical leave, huh?  Hope shes okay. 
A medical, thought Tom, at least shes honest.  Tom imagined her at home, laying fetal position on the couch with her womb aching from the abortion.  Her mother would bring her tea, hot towels, and blankets, and rub her shoulder.  The sad, strong female bond would be settling over everything. 
Or maybe Christy killed Hank Peterson somehow.  Hank had told her to go to hell, thanks for the fuck, so Christy got the abortion and then had Hank set up by calling the cops to his crack den.  She was probably hiding across the street and smiling when the cops crashed through the front door and fired shots into the father of her childs chest.  Thats what you get for abandoning your baby. 
Either way, it looked like Hank and his child were dead, and may have even died the same day.  Tom had been so preoccupied all week he hadnt even heard anyone mention the shooting. 
I'm going to use this article for group today, Tom spoke to Desmond.  These clients think were always just trying to scare them.  Im just going to say heres a client who sat in the chair you are sitting in right now, and why dont you believe this can happen to you?  It can happen to us all.  Think of your families if not for yourself. 
Tom stopped talking and was satisfied with his response.  For some reason, a mostly stoic but partly compassionate approach felt like the most professional way to be right now. 
Well, I talked to his people, said Desmond, and theyre a mess.  You know how we folks do funerals.  We cry and scream real good.  Nobody stays quiet at our funerals, and we dress up real fancy and everything.  Somebody will probably be flirting with Hanks girlfriend and somebody will no doubt cry over the casket.  We do funerals real good.  Tom assumed Desmond meant black folks. 
Well, its a good thing Hank didnt have any children.
Nope, I dont think he did.  But you keep trying, Tom.  Just keep trying.  All right now, gotta go, good luck in group. 
Desmond left and Tom sat alone.  His stomach began to reject his tuna sandwich lunch with a burning acid reflux that he could taste in the back of his throat.  We do funerals good, Desmond had said; well I dont do funerals good, I do funerals drunk, Tom thought, I do them scared. 
The funeral of Toms father had always been his reference point.  It had created a permanent imprint. 
Images of his dad, the plastic mannequin laying there with a smug, eternal look, lying with hands peacefully crossed, had mocked him from inside the coffin at the Crawford Memorial funeral home.  He couldnt stand it and took trips outside to his car to sneak a drink of vodka, and then took a brisk walk to the mens room when his blood vessels throbbed and were ready to burst.  His head shook on the edge of a seizure, and acid burned through his stomach walls.  Vomit burned his throat, and a few droplets of pink swirl dripped in slow-motion from his chin into the toilet.  He wiped his face, trying to stop all the molecules of his body from completely disintegrating.  Got to keep it together, got to get out of the bathroom and get back before they noticed, as if they hadnt already smelled the stink from his body, saw his bloodshot, glossy eyes, and wavering gait, saw him rotting like the body in the casket
The voice of his dad whispered to him, inaudible between the rushing sounds of his brain; the blood made noise, squishy in his ear, flowing to his head to keep his brain alive.  His thoughts were like tiny dots, not even connected but just scattered like jigsaw pieces on the table each and every cell on his body was coming disconnected, consumed by spiders and slug-like sea barnacles as he staggered out the mens room door. 
You will kill again, the violin voice said, you are not done yet.  
Not going to make it, thought Tom, got to sit.
And then the floor suddenly came rushing up to meet him and smacked him on the face.  When the preacher said his last words and buried his father, Tom was miles away in a hospital bed with delirium tremens.  
But every year Tom still visited his fathers gravesite.  Every anniversary of his fathers death he would pay penance for missing the services and then phone his mom in Florida to report on it.  His dad, the soon-to-be grandfather, was dead from drinking but had left a sober legacy behind, handed off to the next generation, pitched to Tom at the last moment. 
Hank Peterson had been taken down before he had his chance, and when he fell, his child fell too.  Tom felt that maybe Hank had died a long time ago, but was just too lazy to lie down for good. 
Chapter Eleven
James White played the radio loud and drove with one arm out the window in the county-owned truck.  The truck drove fine--creaky, but fine--and reminded him of one of those Ryder rent-a-trucks.  A can beverage was cold between his legs.  James still liked to drink and drive, so a Dr. Pepper or a Mountain Dew accompanied him everywhere.  The pop sent sugar and caffeine through his nerves, and washed away the cigarette smoke.  The can of pop never lasted long; each gulp was bigger than the last and each break between gulps shorter and shorter.  He was finishing them as fast as a Friday night six-pack. 
James had finally gotten a paycheck for his first two weeks work, and it felt strange to have money.  He took the check to the Cold Spot party store and they charged him 5 percent off the top to have it cashed.  He then put a hundred dollars toward his weekly rent, bought two packs of cigarettes, a family-sized bag of barbecue potato chips, and a Dr. Pepper.  The extra pack of cigarettes that he hid in his dresser at the halfway house had been stolen that night while he was at an AA meeting.  It didnt matter.  All in all, he was getting a good deal. 
AA meetings were good, sometimes great, and felt less threatening.  The five dollars he could place in the collection basket at the AA meeting was done with pride, deliberately, and with the hope that others around him would notice.  Look-it here.  Not just a dollar anymore.  No longer nothing to put in.  Five dollars to AA, a job, forty-five days sober, a place to stay, and a county picture ID.  I drink coffee in the morning, look forward to five oclock, watch sports, say hello to strangers.  Im becoming human again, James declared.  Im working on being one of those straight people.  Just the air I breathe keeps me going, and I am living life on a different set of terms. 
James continued to fantasize about Ra here and there, bullshit with Lester, and sometimes thought about calling his dad to see about things.  Throughout all of this he had somehow managed to avoid drinking or drugging for 1/8 of a full year.  Sobriety wasnt too boring this time, since his work with animal control still made him feel like a part of an underworld full of inhuman creatures. 
The underworld beckoned him one day when he and Lester Simpson were called on an assignment to The City.  A dog needed to be apprehended at the scene of a busted dog-fighting den.  The City had limited funds, and often had to contract out to the suburbs animal control.  Lester drove, and James looked out the window during the twenty-minute drive.  It was a journey to the heart of the drug supply that pumped coke and smack into the veins of the suburban streets everywhere. 
Cop cars could be seen well down the street as they approached the crime scene.  They parked the truck on the opposite side of the street, away from the neighbors who were gathered on the sidewalk.  The policemen stood there--not really doing work--talking, taking notes, and then leaving and coming back in their cars.  The door of the raided crack house was open, and it aired out the ghosts of yesterday. 
Lester walked across the street, straight up to the policeman, as James stayed by the truck.  The cop spoke to Lester with his hands, his gun and Billy club swaying as he moved.  The policeman rubbed his mustache, put his hands on his hips and laughed about something, and Lester walked back to the truck. 
Hes in the basement.  Just one dog this time.  Pretty weak they say, not even barking, so it shouldnt be too hard.  They grabbed some supplies, mace, and the control stick--a noose on the end of a long pole that James hoped hed never have to use.  It was the same tool used to drag dogs down the hallway to the put-down room. 
You ever been in a house like this, J? Lester asked. 
Hell, I used to live in one just like it.  James was being more honest than Lester knew. 
They walked through the cave-like opening into the house, and James ducked his head to enter.  A living room with blank walls, faded paint, and sunken furniture was to their left, and a rotten kitchen odor poured out of the room to their right.  A jar of opened peanut butter sat on the kitchen counter, a kitchen knife sticking out the top, and dishes were piled in the sink to just below the faucet.  Arm & Hammer baking soda boxes were scattered about in opened cabinets, along with baggies of paraphernalia; crack stems, pipes, a scale, and pieces of gold jewelry were strewn about the kitchen table, apparently collected there by the cops.  An orange blanket that had once covered the front window had been partially torn down, spreading light into the corners of the room. 
James stepped over pieces of the splintered front door and followed Lester to the basement steps.  They descended down creaky stairs, and a light bulb could be seen hanging from the basement ceiling.  It reminded James of a bright, interrogation light bulb stuck in someones face to pull out some hidden truth.  As they descended, the rotten-egg odor of the kitchen gave way to a bloody, thick smell of a butcher shop. 
Some of the crack men must still be in the house, hiding unnoticed, James thought; he could feel them.  They were there watching. 
Near the bottom of the stairs, a policeman was in the basement taking pictures, and James felt safe enough to continue with Lester leading the way.  Blinding white bursts from the camera flash began to light up the room.  The flashes provided just brief illuminations followed by hazy darkness, but James caught glimpses of a wooden, board ring in the center of the basement floor. 
The flashes ended and James eyes adjusted.  He noticed the boards of the pit were spotted with a purplish-red stain lacquered into the grain of the lumber.  An ominous line had been carved in the middle of the black carpet that filled the wooden pit. 
James scanned the rest of the basement.  In the corner, a treadmill whose rubber had been worn thin lay against the wall.  Bottles of gin and cigarettes butts lay on the ground.  A pile of trash was swept in one corner, and the broom still rested in its final position against the mound.  Bits of glass from a broken crack pipe safely glistened from within the pile. 
James imagined the crowd of men who had watched the dog fights, he could see them holding cash in their hands and howling as the dogs fought.  One dog would die in the basement, but the other would live to fight another day. 
They make the dogs run, J, put them on the treadmill and make them run.  Or else they attach a brick and have them drag it down the street.  The dogs like to run, J, they like to run by themselves, so they keep running until their legs and necks grow strong and beefy. 
Then James noticed the dog that they were here to rescue.  A pit-bull nearly disguised in the thick, bloody air.  The miserable wretch lay as still as a carcass, chained to a basement pole by a two-foot leash and given a small piece of carpet to lie on.  A knocked-over dish lay outside of his reach.  One of his ears was half-eaten, and it seemed to waver with movements in the air, like a radar detector feeling their presence, but the rest of the dog was motionless.  As they approached the dog he growled, sensing possible danger, but he still did not move.  This was once his den, but now his growl was just an echo of yesterdays glory. 
Lester was able to secure the noose around his neck, and the brown, splotchy dog growled more fierce and deep but continued its sloth-like movements.  James kept the mace aimed at the animal, pretty sure it wouldnt be needed.  The growl was just a last bit of pride; this animal was beaten.  The wretch rose on its front legs and exposed a white, furry chest with permanently stained blood marks.  Scar tissue on his legs, where no fur grew, was spotted about.  They undid the chain from the pole and Lester began pulling the dog in like a fish.  The pit bull walked with slow, deliberate steps, his neck secured by the noose, and his head swayed like a clocks pendulum. 
They sometimes just shoot them, J, sometimes the cops just shoot them.  Then they unleash the dogs and say it was in self-defense. 
Lester marched the dog up the stairs, a tired, battle-worn march. 
Gonna have to kill these things anyways.  Too warped.  They might seem fine one second, but the next second theyll break.  Theyre not born this way, J.  Nope, a pit bull pup will lick your hands just like a poodle. 
James felt like the janitor of the underworld, cleaning up messes made by the friends of yesterday.  It was refreshing to get back to the street and secure the dog in the truck. 
They drove away slowly, with a silent respect for the area.  The crowd watched them leave with inquisitive stares and gaping mouths.  Before they could get too far down the street, three tattered people, doing a zombie shuffle, blocked the trucks passage.  One woman and two men with sad, dead faces, parted from the middle of the road when they heard the rumble of the truck behind them.  James saw the womans face just outside of the passenger window as they drove by.  She was close enough to smell her breath if not for the glass, and she twinkled her eyes and forced a smile that flashed like an Open sign in a storefront.  James was hypnotized by the eye contact with the desperate crack fiend, and realized he looked like he had money now.  James had money and might be looking for a trick, and the woman was smiling to let him know she was for sale.  Both he and Lester might be looking for a quick fuck on company time.  When the truck drove off, with the two lost customers inside, James saw all three of the zombies turn their heads back to the ground and continue their undead crack shuffle.  Everybody here was sad. 
Lester and James drove away from The City, with its captured combatant safely in the back, and returned to the disguised fences of the suburbs. 
They went to the animal shelter, and Lester helped secure the shelters new client in his own pen, in isolation, away from the regular dog runs.  Ra was by quickly, using the same, silent smile to greet the pit bull, and brought some food.  The dog seemed to be comforted by her, or at least James felt comforted by her.  James loved to watch Ras big, deep eyes, her naturally brown skin, and the harmony of her tending to the creatures at the shelter.  She took the pit bull in like she had been expecting him.  All the animals loved Ra, they knew theyd return to her, and once again James envied the strays. 
Lester didnt think to feed this guy, did he?  I guess theyre easier to capture when theyre weak, Ra spoke to James as she tended to the dog, but one of these days, hes going to get his arm bit off. 
James watched as the animal gobbled up the food quickly and licked the bowl clean.  The pit bull was nourished now, and looked right at home in the shelter compared to the chained creature he had been in the crack-house basement.  Other dogs barked at the new smell, and did circles in their pens, but the pit bull ignored them like an elder statesman.  Blood stains and scars kept him safe. 
Dont you get sad sometimes, Ra, working here?
James wondered if he knew her well enough to ask such a question.  It seemed like a thoughtful, sensitive question, but maybe not. 
Do you get sad after being here so long? James repeated. 
You know, Ra answered, the worst thing Ive heard someone say is, I could never do what you do, I love animals too much.  Its more like theyre afraid of their own guilt for not loving them enough.  Her smile was gone now, and she looked at the pit bull from behind the bars.  James looked with her, gazing into the dogs tired eyes.  What if I were him, he asked himself, would I want be put to death?  Or would I rather live and be forced to battle to the death in a dog-fighting ring?  Live like a beast in an insane world, or be put to death before you ever really had a chance at life.  Neither one was a fair choice. 
What would happen if the bull were set free or adopted by a nice, new family looking for a dog, could he be okay or was he already too warped?  Lester had already said it was too late.  Ra probably wouldnt even answer if James asked her.  Its not for our minds to try and comprehend this, shed say.  Youre not getting it, James. 
But Ra, to take all of these pets in, that you know are going to have to be put to sleep, thats tough.  It makes me angry.  They dont deserve this; its the people who are screwed up letting these animals have litters upon litters with nowhere to live.  But now its too late, especially for this one at least thats what Lester says. 
Ra was quiet and seemed to be just listening closely to her own thoughts, and suddenly she seemed lonely.  James saw Ra as just as lonely as he was.  She was lonely and just living amongst the strays but at peace with it.  She might even cry sometimes when alone at night.  Ra had it all. 
I love it here James, I love it here.  Her smiled returned and her gaze was still fixed on the captured dog.  The food had given him the energy to sit on his haunches. 
A little bit of me goes with them before they go, James, I feel it in my heart when the moment comes for them to leave this world.  When I touch them, or just when Im the last person they see, I like to think that gets implanted in them forever, so I try to do it with love.  Kind of like when you dream of what you were thinking about right before you fall to sleep, a nightmare or maybe a sex dream--their last thoughts are what send them to sleep, so Im glad its me that does it. 
James was being brought inside now, brought into some of the inner thoughts of Ra, and it felt sacred. 
Its a transfer, a transcendence that happens.  She started making motions with her hands, her gaze looking away from the dog and up into the air.  We are all flowing in and out of each other all the time like that, it just happens for one last time before we die.  When our lives flash in front of our eyes, thats just seeing ourselves from anothers perspective maybe its Gods perspective even, I dont know. 
Ra then stopped, as if she had said too much.  She was quiet and still, stepping just outside of her sadness into silence.  James wished he could embrace her and pull all the life that had flowed in and out of her and press it to his chest, breath it all in, but instead he just tried to mimic her stillness. 
It was inevitable that the pit-bull would be taken to the put-down room in the next few days, and nearly half of the other shelter residents would follow.  Small beagle puppies with innocent looks in their eyes and handfuls of orange, fur-ball kittens all had to be put to rest, not just old or dangerous dogs.  Even family pets with no nametags that got lost or wandered from home were taken to the shelter to be killed.  There they would be given the injection of blue Sodium Pentobarbital by a different worker each day, rotated in order to ease the trauma.  One worker would sink the biting needle into the fur while a fellow worker would hold the animal still while petting them with one last bit of comfort.  Brain transmissions of life would slow, and in minutes the dogs heart would stop beating and the blood would cease flowing.  Their body would begin to cool and stiffen and then be placed into a black garbage bag.  The garbage bags with vaguely defined bulges of limbs were added to the pile in the freezer with the rest of the road kill. 
Some strays would walk the back hallway to the put-down room with excitement, their tails wagging in ecstasy at the long-strived-for attention.  But others would struggle, defecate in the hallway, urinate, whine, bark, and end up with their neck in a noose-like collar at the end of the catchpole, being dragged.  The stink of death was easily noticed, and the collective unconscious of their brethren whose spirits filled the hallway air gave them supernatural strength.  Their last bit of pride and instinct wouldnt let them be a sweet, little pet to the end, but instead they became an animal fighting for a life that they never asked for, that someone gave them for selfish purposes, and now must be taken. 
They know theyre going to die, James realized, but they dont understand why.  Not like the turkeys that gobbled that day of his acid trip, they certainly arent comfortable with the terror, and werent going to purr or wag their tails.  Its not supposed to be this way, the horror is their enemy. 
It was getting close to the hour when the shelter opened to the public.  The afternoon was when families could come in and see the dogs and cats, or bring ones in they no longer had use for, hoping someone else might take them in.  The public who was dumping their animal expected to be treated with respect and professional, instead of arrested and shunned like a rapist or child abuser. 
The phone began ringing from the front desk. 
Ra disturbed the solemn air and walked over to the front to answer the call.  James looked into her eyes as she walked by.  The look on her face made James think he had connected with her somehow and made her happy.  James had helped to make her happy, he could tell.  And he could tell that this might not even be the last time it would happen. 
Chapter Twelve
A teacher had called the shelter about an unusually large goose carcass that was found on the playground, and she was hoping to get assistance from Animal Control to dispose of it.  James was responsible for its disposal, and he drove off with a Dr. Pepper in his crotch and music on the radio; off to help a poor teacher deal with this crisis.  It was late in the day, and he hoped he could finish this before dinner. 
The conversation with Ra had changed the gravitational pull of his universe.  They die with her face in their minds, Ra had told him; it rubs off on them.  And sex dreams, she had talked about sex dreams.  James hadnt had sex in six months.  The last time was with a woman he met at an AA meeting.  They had gone for coffee after the meeting and then had sex in the parking lot without ever once kissing, and never saw each other again.  James was quite sure the woman did this all the time. 
Traffic was heavy--stop and go--with many red lights, and the drive was getting annoying.  James felt angry at the teacher who had dragged him away from Ra.  I should have brought the pit bull with me, thought James, and let him take care of the goose and the teacher. 
Or better yet, he could just keep driving the two hours to the farm and unleash the pit bull on his dad. 
I should call Dad, James thought, I should call him during the holidays. 
James completed the job at the school and thought of how a drink would have made it so much brighter--just a half pint of schnapps, burgundy, or a twenty-ounce can of beer.  You never get pulled away from your drink, James knew this; it was always there and never let you down.  Twenty-four hours a day, it is there and calling for you. 
I will warm you up, kid, Ill chill you out, Ill take care of you, the voice of alcohol said.  Just keep telling them all that AA, 12-step bullshit and pretending things are okay, just dont let them know you want to drink.  Keep faking it, because you know me and you will take care of things in the end, in private.  You will come back like you always do because you love me too muchdont forget what you are.  An alcoholic always.
James fought the voice by letting substance-abuse treatment memories come flooding in -I am powerless over alcohol -I believe in a higher power -turn my will and life over to the care of my narrator--praying only for knowledge of his will for me and the power to carry it out -One day at a time -live and let live -Ra is the name of the Egyptian Sun God -My liver is enlarged and Ill die if I drink. Im sick and tired of being sick and tired.  Keep it simple stupid. 
The battling voices died down, and James went home to the halfway house.  He was effectively avoiding the other five inhabitants, who lived there with him, but was at the point of either totally detaching or really starting to say things to them.  Isolating would look and feel strange if it lasted any longer, and conversation would get meaningful if it was continued.  Would he be staying, should he do this? 
James fixed himself a grilled cheese sandwich, and then walked to an AA meeting that night, wishing he could stay home and watch TV but glad he could walk to the meeting alone.  He was getting to work by bus these days, but hoped to buy a bike soon; probably next week.  It was all part of being a recovering alcoholic, just doing the next right thing, but it all happened so slowly.  Buses were cruel and always late.  Bikes broke down, got stolen and felt childish.  Recovery happened by inches and required patience, but a slug of vodka hit you the same day in just seconds.  Ill stay sober today, he decided.  I can always get drunk tomorrow and crawl back to the farm to see what happens. 
James got to the AA meeting at the First Church of Christ, and went through the crowd of people who were gathering and smoking cigarettes in the parking lot.  He walked through the propped-open doors and then down the stairs to the basement.  It would be a good meeting, with warm coffee and laughs, he thought, and by the time he got home most of the day would finally be over. 
James poured a cup of coffee and looked at the tables to find the one with the most women.  It didnt matter what they looked like, just some women at a table made it pleasant and comforting, like having a nurse or your mother feel your forehead to check for fever.  Some familiar faces were there from last week, including one man who asked James to be his sponsor; but James had to decline, citing his limited time in sobriety and being just an infant in the sober world. 
The opening announcements began, and everyone straightened out their seat.  James looked around and felt a shock to his system as he recognized an old face.  His counselor from West Oaks Recovery Center, Tom Cleaves, was at his table!  Here was James, sitting at an AA meeting with his old counselor, and suddenly he felt his own sobriety had been officially sanctioned. 
Tom the counselor looked different here.  His tie gave way to jeans and a wrinkled, purple polo shirt, and he seemed much happier to be away from work.  He was just a regular, sober person, no special status for him here.  Tom hadnt noticed James yet, but was looking up at the speaker. 
The speaker read the preamble to the meeting.  We will intuitively know how to handle situations that used to baffle us.  We will comprehend the word serenity.  We will know a new freedom and a new happiness.  We will find that God is doing for us what we could not do for ourselves. 
Toms smile was nice to look at here.  If nothing else, it felt good to know somebody, and even better to surprise someone who thought they knew you.  His wonderful counselor had no doubt written him off as a lifelong drunk, but here he was, sober and about to be noticed at an AA meeting.  Tom would respect it and be proud to see his old client doing so well.  James was about to get caught doing something right. 
The preamble was over, and the tables broke off to have their own individual discussions.  A table leader stepped up, and they all prepared to listen as each member dumped their thoughts on one another.  A good AA meeting could empty their minds and unmask their plastic, expressionless faces.  Sometimes people would just regurgitate slogans heard at other AA meetings, other times they seemed to be just whispering about alcohol cravings when inside things were really screaming in terror.  Often times, AA members were lying about being sober when they had gotten drunk last weekend.  But, no matter what happened, James always left a meeting feeling better than when he came in. 
Tom finally noticed James, their eyes met, and the counselor opened up his mouth as if to silently say Hey! It felt to James like he had finally seen his real dad, after a long prison stay or interstellar travel had kept them apart. 
James listened to each person speak, paying extra attention to Toms happy and relaxed voice.  He was surprised when Tom seemed so brief, with no mention what he did for a living. 
It was almost James turn to talk, and his heart pounded faster, making his vision and hearing fuzzy.  He figured he sounded nervous when he spoke, but knew he would feel sad and lonely when his turn was over, so he tried to talk as long as he could. 
Well, Ive been sober about two months and things are all right.  I am young, but I have major liver damage and was drinking a fifth a day. 
James always felt he had to prove he was a sick-enough alcoholic and eligible to fit in with these old-time drunks. 
But my mouth still waters when I think of drinking.  I can be doing the right thing all day, but suddenly I just feel like my whole bodys saying, Whats up, get me a drink, whatcha waiting for? but so far I havent.  Maybe tomorrow, not today.  But some good things are happening, so Ill just keep trying.  Its not that I so much want to drink, its just that I dont want to always be living.  To always feel everything twenty-four hours a day doesnt make sense.  I want oblivion.  Like most alcoholics, its not about having fun anymore, its just this fucking, mundane, rotten life.  But maybe there is a life worth living sober, and maybe I can find in recovery what Ive been looking for by drinking. 
James looked in the womans eyes across the table as he said this, watching her twiddle with her straight blond hair, and he imagined her looking at him with admiration and attraction. 
And Ive seen lots of alcoholics in my lifetime.  My dad drank.  He really drank.  But the best alcoholics are the ones Ive met at AA meetings, so I guess Ill just stick with alcoholics like you guys.  I grew up on a turkey farm, so Ive smelled a lot worse than stinking drunks like youve got here. 
James laughed and looked at everyone as he said his closing comments, praying it would get a laugh and wrap up his monologue with brilliance.  Most of the table was smiling, Tom perhaps smiling the biggest. 
They finished the meeting with the Lords prayerfor thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory forever and ever--and James stood up tall from his chair, watching Tom walk over and extend his arms for a hug. 
How are you?  Its good to see you! said Tom, scanning James from head to toe. 
Im doing good.  Real good.  I got a job and everything.  James was trying not to smile too proudly.  I'm working with animal control, helping clean up dead animals and find strays and stuff.  I actually spend a lot of time right across the parking lot from West Oaks at the animal shelter.  I was gonna stop by the other night when I saw your car. 
No shit!  Ive been in there once.  Thats great!  Wow, it must be a tough job.  But its good to see you here.  This is a pretty good meeting.  And its close to the halfway house, if I remember correctly. 
Yep, just a few miles away.  Not too bad. 
Great.  I can give you a ride home if you want, though. 
Thats okay.  I like the walk.  I can work off some of that weight I gained from that West Oaks food Ive been eating so much.  James rubbed his belly.  Plus, I need to stop in and get cigarettes. 
All right, but I come to this meeting about once a month.  Im sure Ill be back from time to time. 
You know what, James said, I dont have a sponsor yet.  Would you be able to do something like that?
He saw Toms face change and get that counselor look. 
Well, I kind of have a rule about not sponsoring any clients.  It just keeps things ethical.  Id be glad to help in other ways, but you should look for someone else.  I got a lot going on.  My wifes pregnant. 
Oh really?
Yep!  Im very excited.  I cant wait.  Weve been trying for over a year and she's finally pregnant. 
Tom gazed in the air, and seemed carried away to somewhere else for a moment. 
But we could hang out sometime, James; go for coffee or something.  Shit, youre right across the way, you should stop in sometime.  Its great to see you doing so well.  Its a selfish thing for me, too.  Seeing people like you stay sober really helps.  All my clients well-being affects me. 
James left the meeting, and walked slowly home on the empty sidewalks.  The sky was dark, but the streetlights glimmered off the car tops.  James found himself thinking again about the black eyes of the pit bull they had rescued earlier that day.  Did they really rescue the dog?  What kind of fucking rescue was that, anyway?  If thats being rescued, then let me rot.  Maybe he could bring the pit bull to roam free on his dads farm and just let him live on the fenced-in range. 
But the dog would certainly try to kill the turkeys; it was just his nature.  Sometimes its impossible to change ones nature. 
Was I too friendly with James?  Should I call him my friend now? Tom wondered on his ride home from the meeting.  It was easy to be friendly, but hard to become real friends with ex-clients, even if they were just coming back to the clinic.  Once you become friends that changed things. 
For some reason, Tom had been comfortable telling James that Patty was pregnant, and that was more than he had told any of his other friends.  Of all the people to tell first, it was James White, the frequent-flyer client of West Oaks.  He was the only person who knew about the baby except the actual parents.  But it had felt good to talk about it, speak of it and give it energy. 
Tom saw the babys face in his mind real clearly now; not a boy or girl, but a young, fresh soul.  He could almost hear the baby cry and see its smooth, but still blotchy, newborn skin.  He envisioned Patty holding the baby, rocking it gently, and all of them were smiling, their gazes swaying from each others eyes to that of the glorious child.  Big-band music was playing in the air because a brand-new kind of Cleaves was born, beautiful and precious, and ten years of sobriety had been given to Tom to help him carry on life.  Life had its own instinct and sucked Toms sobriety out of him, pulled him into the river of life, and a newborn had sprung out of Gods reflection. 
Chapter Thirteen
Jason Boston, Jr. sat in the back of the cigarette-stinking cab and let the setting sun cast shadows off and on his face as they drove down Winchester Drive.  Jason had been set free after thirty days.  Just thirty days in jail, and they had dropped his charges.  Felonious assault was the charge for stabbing the security guard at the hardware store.  Jason had stabbed him with the very same screwdriver he had lifted and pocketed.  The charges were dropped, however, and Jason was told he was free, but had to report to probation next week.  His public defender said the hardware chain was just avoiding publicity.  The same store had a security officer put a man in a coma after a fight in the parking lot, so Jason was allowed to go. 
Jason directed the cabby to his friend Shawns place, but when they arrived, nobody was home, and Jason was left standing all alone as the cab driver drove off.  Jason took a big sweatshirt out of his bag and left the rest of his things on the front porch. 
He had been hoping that Shawn could drive him to the hardware store across town, where he could make some big money boosting, but instead he would have to walk three miles to go rip off the local drugstore.  Thats okay, Jason decided; Shawn would have wanted a cut for offering a ride, so maybe it was a blessing that he had to walk, and working alone is just fine. 
Jason could steal with the ease of an invisible man.  Products would just gravitate to his body as he slithered through the drug store.  He was a master at slipping into the back storage room and grabbing some inventory, and then finding the side door exit.  Or he might just grab a handful of phone cards, look at them with fake interest, and then put only half of them back on the counter and the rest up his sleeve.  Multivitamins would fit in his pantleg and name-brand cold medicine in his pocket.  Afterward, he would have to walk to the Abdullah party store and resell the products for cash. 
Abdullah at the party store bought disposable cameras for two dollars apiece, and perfume for five dollars, but the phone cards were worth twenty.  Identifying material was removed and the products were then placed near the bullet-proof glass and sold at a discount to party store customers.  The whole world was helping Jason Boston, Jr. to boot up and get high after a cruel, sober stay in jail. 
Jason completed the boosting with resilience, felt the cash in his pocket, and then called for a meeting with his Man.  The Man charged a premium for delivery, but Jason was tired of walking.  Lets meet for a naked lunch, was all Jason had to say on the phone, and the Man picked a location.  He rotated fast-food places to meet Jason at with the dope; KFC, McDonalds, Burger King, Taco Bell, or sometimes just a Coney Island. 
The boosting had taken all day, and Jason waited at the fast-food restaurant and looked out the window for headlights, sipping a Mountain Dew.  The sugar and caffeine gave him energy and calories.  Thirty-three days of straight sobriety had put weight on his bones, and his white face was no longer stretched thin across his skull.  He had been saving up his energy, clearing out the old smack from his veins and his heart to make room for the new.  It was like building up sperm, practicing celibacy, and then prepping for a soothing, mystical orgy. 
With each headlight that pulled into the restaurant, Jason felt like he had to shit or throw up, but was continually disappointed when the car went to the drive-through window.  Hes never early, hes always late; first thing you learn is youll always have to wait.  Jason played the lyrics from a Lou Reed song in his head, and this always comforted him.  Lou understood.  Lou understood what a drudgery life could be, and how to ease that suffering, if only for just a little while. 
Jason looked up at the menu and put his hands in his pocket.  He pretended to be counting his money to see if he could afford a value meal, but he knew that he had exactly $54.26.  He had counted the money six or seven times.  It was enough cash to last the rest of the day and tomorrow would be easy. 
Families stood in line looking up at the bright, lighted menu.  A young girl pointed to a picture on the menu and pleaded, I want that, I want that! and her father nodded his head in understanding.  The little girl kept pointing anyway, and seemed sure her father didnt know what she was pointing at.  Jason thought briefly of getting up and helping the girl, explaining to her, its okay, your dad knows--he knows, he understands.  The mother stood by quiet and confident, gently pushing a stroller back and forth with a pacifier-sucking infant happily tucked away in the carriage. 
Jason watched families eat, and every few seconds had thoughts of taking off to go find a new dealer.  A twelve-dollar cab ride and he could get to a trusted dope source for sure, but instead he just sat still and waited.  His perseverance was finally rewarded when the dope man arrived.  The exchange of drugs was quick and easy and the dope man was pleased.  Jason looked better.  He was not such a noticeable cancer cell anymore but was healthy-looking, straight-looking even.  Last year the Man had told Jason to slow down, that perhaps he was doing too much. 
Jason needed to use the smack right away; that was critical.  He needed to boot up and get high quickly.  Nothing had ever been more important to him, or more important to anybody ever, than for Jason to shoot up as soon as possible.  Fortunately, the restaurant had a small bathroom with a lock so Jason had privacy. 
Its good stuff, man, really good, youll be back I promise, the Man had told him. 
Preparation to fix up was done with precision.  Jasons brain was rushing with anticipation.  Adrenaline was pumping in his temples and his arms performed gracefully.  All was quiet except a flush from the womens rest room on the other side of the wall.  Veins on Jasons arms were rested and fresh.  The toilet seat felt stable and his feet were planted firmly on the ground.  He held the needle in the air like a crazy magician with his wand.  He heard the woman next door and suddenly tears--infant tears, crackling infant tears--were heard through the thin, dry wall.  It was not a fake whimper or whine but a purposeful, lung-full wail from the child.  The mother spoke in a soft, comforting voice, and the cry became shorter as the infant started losing its breath. 
The snake-bite pinch was a life-saving antibody, a cure for his disease.  The needle stayed in for long; he drew some blood and felt ecstatic, suspended.  Take me away, thanks for taking me away.  You love this needle dont you?  Here, let me keep it in longer, push it deeper.  Blood on my arm is dripping, getting messy in this orgy.  Ahhh, I feel the warmth at the base of my neck, thanks, thank you dear God for this, thank you so much GOD, my head is filled now, so warm, soft, finally clean, let the blood flow

Blood flowed down the arm of Jason Boston, Jr. The lock on the restaurant door was strong, the door jamb was new, and the blood flow in the womb of Patty Ann Cleaves was sticky and moist.  Her underwear was stained, lacquered with the blood of life flowing in soft heart-beat spurts out of the Director of Volunteer Placement as she got up from her office chair. 
Phone calls would be made. 
Tom.  Tom.  We lost it.  We lost the baby.  I lost it.  I think I had a miscarriage.  Im sure of it.  Im going to the hospital now, but Im bleeding.  Bleeding pretty bad, hemorrhaging. 
And tears would be had. 
Chapter Fourteen
A bird feeder outside of 1326 Fairlane Drive was swaying from the constant contact of hungry sparrows and mourning doves.  They landed on the suspended bird feeder for a second, pecked a mouthful of sunflower seeds, and then flew off with force when a new bird swooped in.  The takeoffs and landings made the feeder swing from the branch, scattering nuts and seeds over the lawn for squirrels and chipmunks to stuff their cheeks with.  It was only when a large-breasted robin propped on the feeder that the rest of the birds stayed away out of respect, and the swinging bird feeder came to a peaceful rest.  The robin finally finished its meal and flapped off the feeder, dropping its waste on the tomato plant below.  A tomato plant protected by a metal wiring had just begun to sprout, and was fertilized daily by the feeding and digesting birds. 
The blind man tapped his white, red-tipped cane softly down the sidewalk of Fairlane Drive.  He recognized exactly where he was by the smells of bird stool and small nuts in the air, and he could hear the noises of the birds chirping getting closer as the busy intersection noise faded.  He adjusted his baseball hat with his free hand.  The noise of a car was approaching, and the familiar smell faded in the windblown air when a Dodge Stratus whooshed by; Tom Cleaves on his way to work. 
Tom was going to not come to work today.  He was going to stay home with Patty, but there was no Patty to stay home with since she had decided to go to work as well.  The doctor kept her for brief observation but not overnight, and scheduled an appointment with her next Tuesday.  Patty was handling it well, but not faking it.  Tom could tell she wasnt faking strength when he had held her and they rocked in a moment of maternal protection, wrapping his arms around her as she hugged her legs and sat in a ball. 
It happens a lot in the first few months, the doctor had said, plus it may have been a blessing.  Nature has these things happen when somethings not right nature does its own abortions sometimes, its called a spontaneous abortion.  The expulsion of a fetus not yet able to survive on its own.  The doctor was solemn but short.  Patty may have been pregnant before, and had miscarriages, and not even had known it. 
The pregnancy was over, and theyd just have to move on.  All that effort though, and all that time waiting and emotional investment, stripped away so quickly.  Tom could still see the babys face in his eyes, but instead of looking at a crying child it was a baby with its eyes closed, like a viewing with no casket, just a discarded doll--dead and expressionless. 
It will happen again, thought Tom, we will get pregnant again, and this lost child will be remembered.  Perhaps a sacrifice was needed to clear the way for a stronger, more fertile egg.  Pattys body would adapt and be stronger.  And they would keep the names of Samantha or Anthony when it did happen. 
Tom drove to work in quiet contemplation, mimicking the way his own father used to drive.  Tom remembered as a child watching his father steer with one hand on the wheel and the other hand rubbing his temple.  The index finger would rub in smooth, constant circles on his temple and everyone in the family was quiet, else they interrupt some trance.  The radio was always tuned to an all-news station, but its volume was too low to be heard, making it only white noise and distant voices.  Dad is so quiet and hurt, I know hes hurt, Tom had thought from the back seat, but it was a hurt that a ten-year-old shouldnt have felt responsible for. 
And thats why I rub my temples today, Tom figured, and it certainly all made sense now to rub ones temples and drive seriously, quietly, trancelike, with the radio turned down. 
Tom got to work and went to his office without speaking to anyone, and locked the door behind him.  Hed have no problem seeing as few of his clients as possible today; he couldnt handle any of their dramatic whining.  Instead he looked at the picture on his desk of Patty and him smiling brightly on their honeymoon.  The picture was taken just a few years ago, but they looked so much more youthful and natural.  There would have been a baby picture on his desk less than a year from now, but instead the child was gone, and Tom felt lifeless. 
A mundane loneliness was sloshing in the quiet air of his office, and Tom breathed deeply and held it in his gut, pushed it up through his lungs, and let it out with a sigh.  On his desk laid unfinished paperwork, group notes and treatment plans, messages to return and even a grocery list.  Its all right, just part of life, keep on going on and going on cause thats all we can do.  Self-pity is for suckers and despair is for the ungrateful. 
Group today is going to be about gratitude, Tom decided, and perseverance despite tragedy and hurt.  How to stay grateful and move on with vigor for life instead of dropping out when we suffer setbacks.  We will process gratitude and spirituality and treasuring the gift of life.  The clients still have everything they need to cherish their own souls.  They still have a heart and lungs and as long as they are breathing there is hope.  Ill be like the new-age preacher, thought Tom, with energy searing from my fingers as I raise my hands, the warmth of my gaze elevating the spirits into recovery. 
Just then Tom was interrupted by the phones intercom. 
Tom, are you there?  Tom, its Mrs. Boston.  She asked to speak with you. 
Oh shit.  Oh shit. 
YesIm here. 
Tom, shes got bad news.  Jason Boston, Jr. overdosed and died.  They found him in a McDonalds bathroom lying in the stall. 
Nature does its own abortions sometimes, Tom thought, more quickly than perhaps was natural. 
How does she sound; is she okay?  I dont want her crying, thought Tom, Ive got my own shit to deal with. 
She sounds okay.  You know, thats two clients in one week--I guess they come in twos. 
Nope, you got that wrong, they come in threes.  All right.  I got it, I know shes waiting.  Thanks. 
Tom picked up the phone and tried to reboot his mind to blank
Hello, Thomas Cleaves speaking. 
Hi, Tom.  This is Mrs. Boston.  I know you heard about Jason. 
She sounded okay and Tom felt relieved.  The prospect of an hour-long phone call with tears and counselor interventions was minimal now. 
Yes, Mrs. Boston.  I heard and Im so sorry.  Your familys been through so much. 
Thanks, Tom; thanks.  And you guys at West Oaks have done so much for Jason over the last year.  I wish he would never have left there.  Her voice briefly squeaked.  Hold it together now, Tom thought.  He imagined mascara running down her face, and a shot of whiskey on the table in front of her. 
I just wanted you to know about the arrangements.  The funeral will be Tuesday.  Whoever can make it would be great.  Jason liked you, Tom.  He thought of you, I know he did.  Last Christmas when he was in the hospital.  You know, his last overdose.  I should have listened to Tom, he said.  He really meant it. 
Tom imagined Jasons funeral.  Jasons friends and family would lament the rotten world that would have Jason die, and they would probably be getting high themselves.  It always happens when someone dies from their addiction, all their friends and family come to grieve and get drunk, smoke joints in the parking lot, or nod out from heroin during the eulogy.  Tom figured Mrs. Boston was pleading for some West Oaks staff to be there. 
Im sure some of our staff will make it.  Tom assured her.  Remember, Mrs. Boston, this is not your fault.  There was nothing you could do, and nothing any of us could have done or we would have tried it.  You know, youre the second family this week who we know that lost someone.  What may have happened with Jason is that he stayed sober for a while and built up a huge craving, and then he went back with a vengeance but didnt realize his tolerance couldnt handle it any more.  Unfortunately it seems lots of heroin addicts overdose the first time they use after being straight for a while.  There wasnt anything you or I could have done--you're already doing all you can by taking care of his child. 
Tom stopped himself.  He didnt want to make too deep a connection with her right now.  Their voices were flowing in and out of each other with a unifying sadness, but Tom wanted to be alone right now, wanted to stay by himself, with his own thoughts.  You have to pull yourself away before you get sucked in sometimes, and this was one of those times. 
Mothers never lose their love, and never lose their hope.  Thanks, Tom.  Thanks for everything and trying to help Jason straighten out. 
She was crying now, and Tom listened to her as if paying a penance for saying too much and getting too involved.  Let her talk--it might help--and then be done with it. 
If Jason were to have gotten clean, I would hope hed be like you, Tom.  I bet he would be like you.  If you only knew him before all these drugs took over. 
That felt twisted and eerie--not a compliment but a condemnation.  Toms head and world were turning hazy, mushy like quicksand and he wished he could just hang up the phone.  He rubbed his temples and turned toward the wall with the mirror to see his expression and just then the dream came back to him--the dream where he and Jason were using heroin together, the dream the night of the conception, and Tom felt the slither of Jasons snake tattoo across his back. 
Ill be there, Mrs. Boston, I promise Ill be at the funeral.  Jason was very troubled, but he was maybe too good for this world.  God brings the good ones to heaven to take care of the children who die early, thats how it works. 
They said their goodbyes, and Tom heard genuine gratitude in her voice before she hung up.  Tom had given her a much more grand view of her sons life with that comment. 
The hum of the silent office air filled Toms ears as he imagined Jason Bostons last high.  How fresh and arrogant Jason must have felt, and how surprised his soul must have been when it was finally set free, no longer kept tortured by the tattooed shape-shifter that Jason had become.  But the soulless Jason Boston, Jr. carcass that was left behind now tortured Mrs. Boston and the five-year-old grandchild.  Tom could clearly see Jasons dead face wearing the sick heroin smile of death.  He no doubt died with the needle stuck in his arm and blood flowing down to his fingers and dripping to the floor. 
Tom tasted bile rising under his tongue.  He swallowed and felt the rage disintegrate in his stomach and then spread throughout his entire body.  Jason was clearly to blame for the miscarriage.  Jasons dark karma must have somehow sent shock waves to Patty and terminated her pregnancy.  Tom had sucked in some of the destructive life-force of the changeling while he sat bedside in detox, and then infected his pregnant wife, and then nature had to reject the fetus.  Perhaps just sitting with Jason had contaminated Toms own semen, and the egg was fertilized with corrupted DNA from the shape-shifter.  Either way, some twisted connection must have been made, and Jason managed to suck a soul with him when he died--just like Hank Peterson and his aborted child.  Tom felt nauseous, but he couldn't talk about it to anyone--nobody was supposed to know about either of the pregnancies. 
The funeral is on Tuesday, and it looks like Im going, thought Tom.  I hope its a closed casket and I can stand way in the back and not be noticed; Mrs. Boston will be waiting like Im her newly adopted son. 
Tom imagined Mrs. Boston on the phone speaking to her friends, they take the good ones, like my Jason, to take care of all the babies who died early and are in heaven.  Tom had given her a gem when he told her that.  No way in Hell is that true, Mrs. Boston, because if it is true then your son is caring for my unborn child in the afterlife. 
Decompression from all that was stuffed into the day was needed.  Why didnt Patty and I just stay at home today? Tom wondered, feeling a bit annoyed at Patty for going to work a day after her miscarriage.  There she goes again, he thought, putting her work first, I shouldnt even be here.  At least its Friday.  Just go through the motions today, dont get too deep into anything and come back rested on Monday.  It will all make more sense on Monday. 
Tom sat in his office for a half-hour and doodled cartoons on a notepad.  Cartooning had always helped him through many boring days in high school, and was helping today.  The cartoon characters he drew were confident, with smug smiles and swirling, black-hole eyeballs that looked directly off the page as if eyeing their creator.  Tom felt trancelike as he drew, and a droning filled his brain like the hum of a TV tuned to a dead station.  He scribbled with no certain ideas or purposes in mind, just following wherever the pen took him until the picture took shape and sprang to life.  His picture was a beach scene, with one cartoon figure surfing on a huge wave and smiling to onlookers and another holding out a hot dog on a stick, roasting it in the sun. 
Time stood still as Tom drew, and the lovely oblivion that he used to look for with drugs and alcohol was momentarily his.  He still needed oblivion, to briefly nullify his life and stand outside of it, and this was done through drawing, through running, sleeping, sex, video games or football gambling.  Whenever in crisis, Tom had somehow managed to gravitate to some minor form of blissful distraction.  The high of drugs was tucked inside the minor nuances of life like little diamonds sparkling on a sunshiny river, and Tom didnt realize he was walking on water collecting the little jewels on the way. 
Tom was able to avoid clients the rest of the morning, ate his lunch alone, and finished with a lifeless therapy group.  The clients picked up on the low energy and said very little.  The powerful group on spirituality would have to be another day.  Tom went to the bathroom after the group was over, while the clients took a smoke break.  He could hear the faint chatter of their voices outside the bathroom window, and eavesdropped on their conversation. 
Yeah, man, I was in this crack house and theres this little dude in there.  The dealers had this little guy trapped.  They kept him hostage for three days until the secretary of state was open, because he sold his car for crack but didnt have the title.  He just sat there, watching everybody getting high.  Man, I got so paranoid smoking with him watching me that I bought him a rock to make him go away.  I would NEVER buy anyone a rock.  Then he started talking to me like were buds or something, and he has this whiny, little munchkin voice.  He sounded just like my dead sister talking to me.  I heard her voice inside my head just teasing me, Here you go again, youre being evil.  Man, I just wanted to die.  I heard voices from all over, ghosts talking to me.  Its so crazy.  So crazy. 
The crowd gathering around laughed at the story, some of them laughing nervously.  Just a few minutes ago in group, this same client talked about feeling guilty for going on living after his sisters death.  It was survivors guilt he was feeling, Tom had explained.  He felt like he was the one who deserved to die, not his sister.  Tom flushed the toilet and returned to his office. 
He had nearly finished his progress notes for the day when the pleasant noise of dog chatter bellowed from the distance.  The dogs had been let out and the day was pretty much over.  He had made it through another week, almost time to drive home.  Tom loved to hear the dogs; he envied the dogs, and even felt connected to them.  Dogs from all over the area were brought to the shelter--some lost, some mistreated--but they all loved to bark together.  It was probably their favorite part of the day; and Toms favorite part too.  He thought about going over to say hello to James White and visiting the dogs, perhaps taking a dog home, but not today.  It was time to go see Patty and dive into her soft arms and lay next to her long body. 
Tom arrived home surprised to find her car already in the driveway.  She was lying on the couch, half-asleep, when he entered the front door. 
Hi, she said with a drowsy voice, her gaze letting him know she had spent a reflective and solemn day as well.  I left early.  I was going to call you, but instead I just have been laying here. 
She tried to sit up from the couch but Tom quickly lay down next to her before she could move.  They lay side by side on the couch and rubbed each others backs. 
How are you feeling?  Tom looked into her eyes. 
Im okay.  It was probably a good idea to come home and spend some time alone.  She took a deep breath.  I know its irrational, but I feel to blame somehow.  My body couldnt keep the baby. 
They had already discussed these potentials feelings of guilt and grief on the way home from the hospital, trying to make a pre-emptive strike before they surfaced, but it seemed the guilt and the grief would demand to be felt before they could be let go. 
So, how was your day?  Patty changed the subject. 
Well, besides hearing about an ex-client overdosing and dying, no big deal. 
It felt good for Tom to say it quickly and stoically.  Saying it like that made sure he wasnt getting sucked in too deeply. 
Geez.  Were you close?  Didnt someone else from the center just get killed or something? 
Yep, thats a couple of them; but this one was my client.  He was actually my client once before, too.  He came back recently, but left out of detox.  I think he was just hiding from legal problems, because the police found him and arrested him right in the parking lot when he tried to leave.  Well, I guess they let him free. 
What happened in treatment was confidential, and Tom was breaking a federal law by talking about it.  It always seemed to Tom there was an unwritten legality about telling your wives what happens that is respected in the field, using as few names as possible, but it was expected, or at least not prosecuted. 
Im just glad Im home.  It was hard to be away from you today, said Tom.  Just let me know what you need from me.  Youre not so tough that you dont need help, are you, Mrs. Director of Volunteer Services?
Well, its probably going to take a while to get over this and adjust.  Ill just need some time.  Well just need some time.  I certainly dont want to go through this again.  I probably shouldnt have gone to work today. 
Patty wrapped her arms more tightly around the pillow, fluffing it up to hold her head a little higher, and she opened her eyes wider. 
So, youve said all along that we will still have a wonderful life together even if we dont have kids, right?  Are you still feeling that way?  Probably a bad day to ask, but I think we need to keep living life and seeing what happens.  You know what I mean?
It was clear Patty was thinking today, and clear she needed Tom to tell her things he had told her many times. 
Yes, I do know.  Its the lack of control thats hard.  I tend to be selfish and hardheaded, and obsessed about getting what I want when I want it.  Its how I got you, I suppose.  But everyday with you is just great and were certainly not one of those marriages that need a third party to save us.  We both know that.  I love you now for all that you are and we will grow together wherever it takes us. 
They were talking now, the words flowing with warmth, both of them feeling free to express things, where last night they were still shocked into silence.  Patty smiled a feminine, soft smile and put her hand across Toms cheeks.  Well, we certainly arent lonely.  Her hands caressed him, and Tom felt his smile become just as soft and relaxed.  We both affect other peoples lives every day, too.  The volunteers I see.  Its not just about setting them up with an agency.  Its about motivating them and validating them, letting them know theyre special and neededand, once in a while, marrying them.  I know you realize this, but theyre all a part of our family. 
Patty took her hand off Toms cheek and her gaze looked elsewhere.  She was thinking out loud now, and seemed to be having a conversation with herself, coming to some sort of conclusion. 
And same with you and your clients.  Family is not just blood.  Family is what we have in common and makes us alike, and how we defend and fight for the same person we cussed at yesterday, like a sibling, because we are like them and defending ourselves  Kind of like the way you will bitch and moan about clients all day, but in the end, you fight for them.  Its all part of our family the different connections we have, Tom.  Its strange, but it helps me to see it that way. 
So the mother of the volunteer army, and father of the chemically dependent, spent the night in their little bungalow with the porch light on all night, competing with the full moon to illuminate the darkness.  Tom went to sleep thinking he should call his mother in the morning.  He hadnt talked to her for a few weeks. 
Chapter Fifteen
The next morning, Patty and Tom awoke to a sunny, blue-sky day, and took a two-hour drive up to the Elmhurst State Park.  The park had a lake and hiking trails, and was located in a rural, wooded area where the suburbs gave way to farms and pastures.  In other times, they would have brought their mountain bikes or running shoes and biked or ran through the trails.  Today all they would take was hiking boots for a slow walk, and peaches and peanut-butter sandwiches for lunch.  Last time at the park, they had brought multiple blankets to wrap themselves in, one to sit in and the other to cover them up as they had slow sex under the blanket, softly grinding their hips as if to a couples-only wedding dance.  But today they only brought one blanket to lie in the sun with--just two soul mates being friends, dusting each other off instead of whipping each other up. 
They got an early start, making the drive before the morning dew had time to vanish, and a light fog drifted over the tall grass as they drove into the park.  The fog lifted after they had locked up the car, and was completely gone by the time they had walked to the trailhead. 
They began the twelve-mile hiking trail, a twisting loop over rolling hills, with Tom stopping every fifteen minutes to ask Patty if she felt okay.  She answered with a Yes, Im fine the first time, and just nodded her head up and down to answer the rest.  They had brought food and a book to read in a pack, and Tom carried it on his back as they traveled through the woods.  The rustle of squirrels and birds making mating calls sounded crisp in the morning air.  They came across a turtle who sat on the trail barely moving, and Patty grabbed him by the shell.  His appendages pulled in for cover, and she placed him near a small ravine that she assumed was his destination. 
They were mostly quiet during the hike, lifting their knees up and down the hills, and they had both found a solid fallen branch to use as a walking stick.  They walked to a point in the trail where the woods gave way to open space that was now an abandoned railroad bed.  The line of cut trees expanded to the horizon where once the train rolled into the distance.  They stopped there, in the open sun, and propped themselves up near a bordering tree. 
Tom dropped the backpack, and jumped into the air and grabbed a branch from the tree, hanging on like it was a jungle gym.  When is the last time you did this? he asked.  Tom then swung his legs up to straddle the branch, pulled himself up to sit on it, and then tested its sturdiness by slightly pushing up and down with his legs.  The branch swayed but didnt snap.  He reached for the branch above and eyed the framework of the branches to devise a plan to the top, like a spider traversing along its web.  That reminds me, I need to call my mother, Tom said and kept climbing, feeling the bark tear against his skin.  An inner spark forced a giggle as he felt talents from his childhood taking over.  Muscles on his back and triceps stretched and groaned with each new branch he climbed.  He felt Patty's eyes on him, and glanced down to see her growing smaller the higher he went. 
Im not catching you if you jump, Patty said, placing her hands in the shape of a megaphone over her mouth.  Tom was growing tired and figured continuing to climb wasnt worth the effort.  He looked at the top of the tree and imagined falling, his body bouncing off limb after limb, and his spine snapping in different places until his shattered body fell into the grass. 
Getting down was harder.  Tom had to use his own weight to descend, and blindly find branches for his feet as he hugged the tree base.  At last he grabbed the lowest branch and swung, making a dismount, and then held his arms up like a gymnast. 
Youre a nut, said Patty, but it was clear that she was happy, and clear the two both loved life no matter what happened. 
Lunch was soft and quiet, except for the periodic group of hikers and trail-runners that popped out of the trail, crossed the abandoned railroad bed, and ducked back into the woods. 
You know what would be cool right now; how about we get a dog?  Tom broke the silence.  He could run through the trails with us.  What do you think?
A dog?
Yeah, Ive been thinking about it for a while.  Not like we need some substitute little creature to take care of, but remember when I went to the animal shelter a while back for that retriever I found?  One of my clients works there now.  Plus I hear the dogs barking every day, so I cant help but think about it. 
Patty listened attentively, and gave some weight to the idea.  Actually, I referred some people to volunteer for walking the dogs over at an Eastside shelter last week. 
They continued their hike, talking about how a dog might help them prepare for parenting.  They could get an older, mellower dog--not a puppy, but one already house-broken--and be saving a dog from euthanasia along the way.  Their walk ended with no real decision, but it had cleared their minds and briefly helped them rearrange their thoughts.  The fresh air filled their lungs and invigorated their body with new life.  The cells that were still in mourning from the miscarriage were dying and getting replaced.  The State Park had served its purpose and it felt like a natural detox. 
They got into the car to drive home through the country roads.  Just twenty minutes into the drive and Tom felt the urge to urinate.  Do you mind if I stop here? Tom asked, as he pulled over near an abandoned, fenced-in farm.  There was a small ditch running along-side the road that would give him almost full cover from any cars that might be passing.  Tom had become an expert at making such quick maneuvers.  In his drinking days, hed often hold a six pack in his bladder before finally pulling over to pee. 
Gotta go, be right back!  Tom gave Patty a nod and jumped out of the car, already unzipping his pants to empty his bladder, and stepped down into the ditch. 
As he urinated in the ditch, Tom scanned the road for cars, his eyes nearly even with the horizon.  A For Sale sign, surrounded by overgrown grass, stood in the ditch and, apparently, had not served its purpose and had to be abandoned along with the unsellable farmland.  The grass hadnt been mowed in a long time, and the foliage covered up part of the phone number listed on the sign.  Tom was safe here, there was no car was coming for miles, and he looked at the ground as his urine trickled into the ditch.  A garbage bag that had been ripped open by some little critter lay underneath the tall grass.  The trail of garbage spilled into the ditch, and had been there long enough for a Jack Daniels whiskey bottle label to become faded by the sun.  Cigarette butts, paper towels, TV-dinner plates, and a pile of prescription bottles were all scattered about.  Tom turned his waist so that his urine stream sprinkled over a 40-ounce of Budweiser that had rolled deep into the ditch.  He figured the trash was tossed aside by the farmer, left there to rot, perhaps, in the final days of moving out, or perhaps thrown there years ago out of laziness. 
A dog could pee here like this, thought Tom as he zipped up his shorts.  When we get a dog he will probably be here with me doing the same thing but with less shame.  Dogs love to find the most interesting spots to pee on, Tom thought; they love to sniff out areas of previous creatures just like them, picking up on the scent of a familiar breed and then adding their own scent. 
The car was still running on the side of the road, and Tom scampered out of the ditch, leaving his own scent marinating with the discarded garbage of a stray farmer. 

Chapter Sixteen
James White took the dogs out of their cages, and led the pack out to the caged pen.  The lead dog made a quick run to the fence pole, lifted his leg for a quick spray, and then returned to barking as if in contest with the other pack of dogs.  The dogs were running in circles, chasing and barking at unseen forces.  Their heads would briefly rise in the air when they barked as if giving the noises a launching pad, forcing the barks into the afternoon sky.  The incredible urge to bark and run to each corner of the small, fenced-in area was as strong as the craving for air itself.  It was critical that they not leave the area with their music still in them. 
James newly sober self craved anything sweet, and a piece of red, chewy licorice kept his mouth busy as he tended to the dogs that circled him.  He was becoming the warden that Lester told him he would, but wished he could spend more time at the shelter instead of these daily outreach projects.  Yesterday, he had worked at a community outreach for population control, free spay and neuter services, but he had been away from Ra all day and it felt like a waste. 
The director of the halfway house sensed something might have been slipping in James and had him do a urine drop to make sure he was staying sober.  First they gave him a breathalyzer, which came up negative, but then they had him give a urine sample to be tested at the lab overnight.  James felt confident that it would be squeaky clean but was a little disappointed at not having an excuse to bail out and leave the halfway house.  A urinalysis positive for drugs was a free ticket to roam the streets and find his next stop.  As it was, he would now stay for a while just because he could. 
Peeing in the cup was ironic for James since his roommate at the halfway house had been smoking marijuana nearly every day.  At night his roommate would blow the smoke out of the window and talk about the people he had met at NA meetings and how smoking marijuana kept them sober for years off of all other drugs.  The joint was passed to James, but he declined the opportunity to try the same. 
Things were really fine; James was just at the point where he was expected to fuck up.  Not fucking up now was a supersonic jolt to his system.  It probably sent shock waves all across the country, and reverberated in the mind of the Halfway House director, who had heard a little voice saying James might be using.  Maybe his dad was also feeling the same shock wave.  His sobriety was probably even sending earth tremors to his frail, buried mother.  But things were good; James thought, I havent vomited in a long time, no more blood in my stool and my liver is probably healing.  Food tastes better, the morning sun seems right, and small paychecks keep coming in.  James had even bought some new clothes for the first time in three years--a new pair of jeans and two shirts at a second-hand store, as well as brown-leather shoes at a discount shoe place. 
Besides the time spent near Ra, letting the dogs out in the afternoon had become his favorite part of the day.  The dogs had an innocent gratitude and appreciation for fresh air, and James felt like one of them--or at least wanted to be like one of them.  He preferred their company to the dead and battered creatures that he cleaned from the road.  They always died with a sad look on their face, James noted, as if their last thoughts had become frozen.  Is that all there is?  I thought thered be more, the looked seemed to say.  Or maybe their faces changed to reflect James mind as he scraped them up.  Either way, James scraped them up so the suburbs wouldnt be littered with the creatures.  They were a health hazard, attracted flies and spread disease. 
James threw a tennis ball across the yard, and three dogs hustled over to snag it.  The black lab mix won the race, and ran back to James with the ball in his mouth, but refused to release his grip on it.  James remembered throwing a tennis ball nearly a hundred yards at a time for his golden retriever, Simon.  Simons legs would pump lightning-fast after the bouncing tennis ball trying to catch up before it stopped.  Sometimes the dog grabbed the ball in his mouth and tried to turn around so quickly that his back legs flipped over his body in a messy somersault.  Everything would fall back into place, and the retriever would sprint back with a yellow smile filling his jowls, and then hed drop the ball at James feet. 
Ill leave the halfway house when I find a dog I really love, James decided.  Thats when Ill know its time to go, when I meet a dog and hes about to be given the injection.  The pit bull from last week wouldnt be a candidate for this, but there will be many more.  When the right dog is here, me and him will find a nice little apartment.  Ill keep going to AA meetings and start living a regular life. 
James went back inside to find Ra just getting off the phone. 
Hi, James.  I hope youre not busy.  A lady I know just called, and theres a dead raccoon in front of her house and shes hoping we can get there kind of quick.  She sounds real scared.  She has an infant at home and cant leave the house, but says the animals pretty bloody and her other child is due home soon and she wants it gone.  I suggested she call her neighbors, but she says nobodys home.  I told her you could be there, hope that's okay?
Sure I can.  I can be right there, if its not too far away. 
Ra stopped and was hesitant.  She clenched her lips together, bit her lower lip while she thought, and then spoke as if confessing.  Actually, James, maybe I should go with you.  Ive met her a couple of times so it would probably be a good thing. 
Dont get too excited, James thought; calm enthusiasm was required here. 
Yeah, that would be great!  Someone else can cover for you here probably. 
It would be good to get out of here, too; I dont get to leave very much. 
Well, cool.  Ill see you at the truck.
Well cool?  What was that?  You sound like some fucking street rat, thought James, dont be such an idiot.  James walked quickly to the truck, wondering if he had left it clean.  He cleared the seat of some cheesy puff crumbs and removed two Mountain Dew cans from the floor.  The cigarette smell would remain. 
Ra walked to the truck and bounced in, with a smug yet professional smile, making direct eye contact with James as she scooted in.  She always seemed confident, and glided through every moment in time with total control--a still water running deep in her veins.  And this was all there in her smiling eyes.  How does she do it? 
They started out of the parking lot, and Ra told James where to make the first turn. 
And you can smoke here if you want.  Dont let me stop you.  She had smelled the smoke.  James had always stepped outside to smoke, not completely hiding it from Ra, but never doing it right in front of her.  James needed a cigarette but wouldnt do so right away.  He needed to feign some independence and confidence.  He decided to ask her the big question. 
Did you know that Ra was the name of the Egyptian Sun God? James asked. 
Yes, James!  I have heard that.  She smiled really big and white, possibly flattered, and James felt his spirits lift with her smile.  Well, actually, my real name is Rachel.  I just liked being called Ra.  I never thought I looked like a Rachel.  Just my parents and some family still call me Rachel sometimes. 
Even her nametag said Ra. 
Make a left turn here, Ra pointed.  Her arm moved closer to James, and he felt like they were together now; he didnt have to worship her for the rest of the trip. 
Actually, James, I was adopted from India as an infant.  My parents couldnt get pregnant so they adopted me internationally. 
Really!  That is just ... something.  Wow.  Very unique, Ra, incredible.  What has that been like--are you still close to your family?
That explained her lack of accent, James thought.  And now I know where she gets that beautiful skin.  But couldnt her complexity get a little smaller?  Why couldnt she be from some trailer park a few hours from here, or from a simple family.  No, she had to be from miles away, some mystical land.  And she carried the complexity with her, had it zipped so nicely and packed so hard that it matured and sparkled. 
Im real thankful for my family.  But its hard to be grateful, Ra explained.  People get angry at me if I express anything but gratitude, but they dont know what its really like.  Most people came from a womb, I came from a plane.  So many possible pasts taken away.  Im loved by two of the greatest, most caring parents in the world, but Im still an orphan--and a minority in my own family.  Im okay with it now, but I wasnt always. 
James didnt say anything, but felt he must be doing something right.  He wished he could turn his eyes from the road and look straight at her.  Instead, he had to make quick glimpses and give a slight lean as if pushing his ear closer to hear everything. 
So, Ra paused and then changed her tone, in sixth grade I met another boy from India named Rajinder.  We decided we were going to move back to India together, but first I had to change my name to fit in.  So we decided we would become Raji and Ra.  One day I came home from school, plopped my lunch box on the table, and said, Call me Ra, Mom, Its my real name in India.  And it stuck.  I know its quite strange, but thats how it stuck. 
I like to call you Ra.  I think you made a good choice.  James lit a cigarette, took a quick puff, and then rolled down the window a bit to let the smoke out. 
You know, I dont talk about this to just anyone, James.  But you have to tell me some things about you.  I have my own ideas, but Im wondering if theyre right, so you better tell me before my imagination gets too wild. 
James felt his pulse pick up. 
I cant match that story.  Youre at least from somewhere; I dont feel like Im from anywhere.  You know I grew up a ways from here on a turkey farm--my family owned it and contracted most of the work out to cheap, migrant labor.  I left home at eighteen after my mother died and have been stumbling around trying to get things together ever since. 
Yes--I could see something like that.  Oh, but were almost there.  Turn right the next light, and then its two streets down, take another right.  Almost there. 
They got closer.  I could see something like that?  Which part, the farm or the stumbling? 
They pulled into the street and saw the animal.  James felt a little guilty for thinking the womans concerns were petty.  A large raccoon carcass lay near the side of the street with an eight-foot stretch of entrails.  The first hit had done the killing, while the rest of the traffic caused the disemboweling, and stretched a deep-red, nearly purple trail in front of the house.  The thing looked to James like a beast, and must have been the king of the street while he was living. 
So, how do you know these people? James asked. 
They adopted a dog from us, but then the dog kept running away.  We found it once.  But finally it got hit by a car just a mile from us.  Hit and killed.  The driver never stopped.  The mom doesnt want her little girl to see the raccoon.  It was her dog and she was pretty shaken up. 
James parked by the house, and Ra got out.  A woman appeared at the front window with an infant in her arms.  Ra waved and walked to the front door while James put on his gloves.  Maybe he needed a mask for this one, but it looked fresh and therefore, probably, less foul. 
Ra and the mother chatted from the porch and watched as James studied the carcass.  What organs were these, James wondered, intestines or stomach or heart?  And how many rainstorms will it take to wash the blood off the streets?  James scraped and scooped and put the beast safely away just as a car pulled in the driveway.  James made eye contact with the male driver and gave him a definite nod as a greeting.  The man got out of the car wearing a suit and a loosened tie, and a young girl dashed out of the passenger door and clung to her fathers side.  The girl had long, black hair and a strong, confident gaze.  Apparently this was the child the mother wanted to protect from the gruesome scene, and she was staring James down suspiciously. 
Are you the dogcatcher? she asked, her boldness taking her father by surprise. 
James realized she was responding to the county animal-control truck.  The correct answer here was important to make the operation a complete success.  All the efforts to protect the child from the horrors of the world would be wasted if James screwed up here, and he wanted to protect her and make her feel safe.  And, plus, Ra was watching over everything from the porch. 
Well, yes I am.  I am the dogcatcher.  A good dogcatcher.  Not a mean dogcatcher, but I save animals.  I come around here to rescue dogs.
The little girl held her fathers hand and she led them closer to the road. 
You couldnt save my dog, Mr. Dogcatcher.  Why not?
James mind went blank.  He had finally fucked up, just like he was supposed to, and now the world was restored to order and James was his miserable self all over again. 
Honey, come on--he wasnt there for that.  Her father interrupted.  Everyone did all they could do. 
The girl stood by, with her black hair curling around her cheeks and holding a small, purse-like bag.  She was waiting for an answer.  My fathers not gonna save you from this, her look seemed to say; my dogs dead and I want an answer. 
Do you remember me, Mandy?  Ra stepped down from the porch and walked over to the street. 
Yeah!  You are the lady who gave us Petey.  You saved Petey once. 
Ra stooped to get to Mandys level and looked her straight in the eye. 
Theres something you should know Mandy--something I should tell you that most little girls like you dont know.  God has his own dogcatcher, Mandy.  This mans name is James and hes a GREAT dogcatcher; hes really good.  Ra pointed at James with a smile.  But, you see, God has a better dogcatcher.  Ive seen im, I know.  Gods dogcatcher is so good, he takes them to heaven--right to heaven.  The dogs all know this, so sometimes doggies like yours run away to this dogcatcher even though they have to leave their families.  Thats what Petey did, and he went away and Gods dogcatcher has him.  Hes happy, but missing you just as much and thinks about you all the time. 
Ra looked at the parents to see if she was saying something she shouldnt, but they seemed to appreciate her words. 
So Petey has a home, and hes happy, Mandy, and wants you to be happy.  We got to keep going on even though Petey is gone.  Hes gone, we remember him and visit his grave, but hes gone. 
Everyone was quiet, and James imagined what Gods dogcatcher must look like.  He was completely sure he would see him someday and they would talk about Simon. 
Mrs. Gestalt looked up and spoke to James.  We got her the dog shortly after her baby brother was born.  Shes been real sad since the dog died.  Thanks so much for coming out here to help. 
The mother rubbed the top of the little girls hair and softly rubbed her cheek.  It was clear the touch made Mandy feel warm and loved. 
My mom got me a dog too, James said, looking first into Mandys eyes and then her mothers; but she got me a dog the day the doctors told her she had cancer.  A dog can help anything. 
James remembered how the puppy had sniffed and licked everything in sight right before his mom disclosed the test results.  The puppy grew into a big dog while the cancer grew in his mothers body.  And when his father took the dog away, the fight against the cancer was over. 
The little girl, Mandy, reminded James of his stomach-ache sadness over Simon.  My unconditional love was taken too, James thought, first my mother and then my dog, running away to who knows where. 
Hes buried in back, want to see?  Mandy spoke. 
The parents looked at each other in quiet agreement, and then started toward the gated fence, the infant still sleeping in his mothers arms. 
The dogs grave was across the yard toward the back fence.  Mandy ran from the gate to the burial site and the rest followed, passing Mandys sandbox and soccer ball on the way.  The headstone was a cross made of tree twigs with a blue dog collar hanging from it.  Mrs. Gestalt had to pick the collar up off the grass and place it back onto the cross a few days a week when it fell off. 
They stood by the dogs burial site with their arms crossed and their heads lowered and it felt like a funeral--a quiet funeral.  It reminded James of his mothers funeral.  Everyone was quiet with nothing to say, trapped in their own world but being trapped together, like the animals at the shelter, all in their own cages but under one roof.  The cages couldnt separate them from feeling the same thing.  All of them sad, lonely, quiet for all the little losses they have had and all the parts of themselves that were forever lost.  All of them with possible pasts and native lands that were gone, and possible futures to take care of. 
James peeked at Mandys dad to see if he was capable of sadness, to see if could cry like his own father couldnt the day of his mothers funeral, but he couldnt tell what the father might be thinking. 
Mandy looked downward at the twigs and then turned to look up at the adults.  Her neck strained upwards and she scanned the faces of the adults, surveying the higher powers that surrounded her--mom and dad, the nice lady and the good dogcatcher. 
James felt he had more in common with the little girl, Mandy, than the surrounding adults.  Im just as little as you are, Mandy, he wanted to say, and I also need warmth from parents and from the mystical Indian nurse named Ra--except Im used to finding that comfort by drinking.  James smiled softly when Mandy peered up into his eyes, letting her know even being terrified is okay, and both of them looked at each other, scared but not alone in the quiet. 
Mandy lost her smile and got down on her knees by the grave and straightened up the cross.  She pushed it deep into the ground and tended to the dog collar that hung on top, picking at it like a florist.  James imagined the dog resting just below Mandy in the ground, and the image of the golden fur of Simon forced its way into his mind. 
If only Simon had met Ra.  If Simon had just met Ra, both James and the dog could die right there gazing into Ras deep eyes before they slipped into sleep.  But it was never to be unless, somehow, the dog returned from the miles and years that now separated them, just like that cat Lester talked about who traveled a hundred miles to return to her owner.  If Simon did return, he would no doubt be carrying some important message from James lost mother. 
James tried to imagine Simon being adopted by some nice family and playing in a back yard just like this one.  If only Simon could have found a new owner who could see him through to death, instead of being ripped from his familys side by a raging, bitter drunk. 
Mandy sat on the ground feeling the energy of everyones attention.  Her black hair fell over her face as she caressed the grass, feeling the blades between her fingers, as if petting the earth to give love to the lost soul of her dog. 
James imagined Ras mind working fast and conjuring up some spell to awaken the buried dog from his grave and have him spring from the Earth to lick Mandys face.  But even Ra had her limits. 
Will Mandy hear the haunting echoes?  James wondered, just like the barks he had heard while at West Oaks of ghosts gone by. 
Mandy got up from her mourning position and wrapped her arms around the leg of her mother.  She buried her head into her mothers hips.  James felt perhaps it was time to go.  The two orphans, James and Rachel from the shelter, had no place in this family, so James let Ra do the formal goodbyes and they went back to their truck leaving family behind. 
Chapter Seventeen
We need an exorcism.  We got Demons.  We got Demons all up in here. 
Desmond was pacing the floors and responding to the chaos at West Oaks the last few days.  Three clients were kicked out early Sunday morning after sneaking out in the middle of the night and getting a twelve pack of Coors Lite.  They were caught when the empty cans were found.  The rest of the clients were like a squeaky door creaking with neediness, and finding angst in every little, mundane thing they did.  They ran to the nurses station begging for pain pills, requested to use the phone at all hours to talk with their probation officers, or requested passes to go apply for unemployment.  They looked for anything to distract them from being aware of their crisis and breathing in the air of the moment. 
And when Tom Cleaves walked into work, a client who had been admitted on Friday night and assigned to Toms caseload over the weekend was wondering if the efforts of life were worth it. 
Good morning, Tom.  Mr. B had greeted him with his smell of cologne, Sorry to spring this on you, but theres a new client just assigned to you whos been talking about suicidal ideation to the nurses.  Hes getting out of detox this morning.  Walter Rolson is his name.  Can you meet with him and do a quick risk assessment?  We may need to ship him out to the emergency room. 
Okay.  Ill get right to it. 
Thanks, Tom. 
Mr. B tapped him on the shoulder and went off to his office, his shoes clicking down the hallway with authority. 
Today was the day of Jason Boston, Jr.s funeral, and Tom was working a few hours in the morning before heading out with Bill to the service.  Desmond was to stay and do group, and be available in case of an afternoon crisis.  It was up to Tom to take care of the existential quandary of Walter Rolson before doing anything else. 
Tom went to pull Walter into his office.  New clients usually stuck out.  They were quiet and tentative, feeling out the confines of West Oaks before they finally let themselves unravel and tangle with the treatment center mess.  Walter was sitting by himself in the group room.  There was an uneasy twitchiness in his moves, and his eyes were continually darting as if in REM sleep while being fully awake.  He was short, but with a large belly that protruded through his too-tight T-shirt.  His hair was unkempt and his face was like sandpaper. 
Hey Walter, Im Tom.  Can I talk to you for a minute?
Yeah, yeah, I really need to talk. 
All right, lets step into my office. 
Tom went to his office, and the figure followed.  The counselor felt a little more powerful today.  The suit he had put on for the funeral gave him a different air, more authority, and he sat in his office chair feeling he could handle anything the client brought to him.  Walter sat shakily--the throes of detox were just letting go--and his eyes shifted rapidly. 
Walter, I just got in, so I dont know much about you--this is kind of weird for both of us--but I hear that youre not doing so well. 
No, no.  Im not doing so well. 
Tom waited for the clients tears to sprinkle and then explode, but instead he just watched as Walter strained against the welling sadness. 
Yeah, I was told to talk to somebody about it.  Well, I guess Im talking to somebody about it.  I just cant take it anymore.  I would rather be dead, you know.  Just end it all.  I thought about it all day Saturday and Sunday and this morning I was going to leave, go get drunk, or do something.  Even packed some of my stuff.  They said wait until you came in. 
Tom remembered the days of his own suicidal hopes, never really planning his death but hoping it would happen.  Behind door number one is a nice drunk, door number two is death, and either one is acceptable.  When a social worker had asked Tom during his own intake if he ever contemplated suicide, his reply was doesnt everyone?  It was just a given that everyone must think about it.  Were all suicidal, Tom had thought back then; everybody was constantly on the verge of a breakdown but just coping with their misery until death happened naturally. 
I'm glad you said something before you left to get drunk or do something else, Tom responded with all his warmth; now we know theres hope in you.  You wouldnt have even bothered coming to West Oaks if there wasnt some hope in there, and you sure wouldnt have bothered to talk with me before leaving. 
To tell a suicidal person that they really wanted to live sometimes irritated them, but Walter was listening, so Tom continued. 
You do realize that people care for you?  I care for you and I just met you this morning.  You just have to believe that you are somebody and theres a life worth living sober.  But you cant just take my word for it, and thats why you are here. 
I dont know.  I feel like I dont have anybody, Walter said with near embarrassment.  Ive fucked everything up.  I was living in hotels for a month, until my mom let me move in two weeks ago because I promised her that I was scheduled to get some help.  But then she kicked me out of her house last week.  I dont blame her.  I was sneaking out in the middle of the night to get a bottle and then cussing and swearing at everything.  Knocking shit over.  Crying and screaming.  She kicked me out, and that was the last place I had to stay. 
So what have you been doing since then?
Youre not gonna believe it, but I spent four days in my tent.  Just sleeping in my tent in the woods before I came here.  Drinking my brains out and walking through the woods.  My plan was to get a gun or a bow and arrow and just live there off the rabbits or something.  Fuck going to treatment. 
Walter violently sniffed his tear-filled snot.  Tom could hear him swallow the lump of phlegm. 
I set up my tent back in these woods by my house and grabbed a fifth each morning with money I got from scamming people.  I would get meals from the church nearby.  The pastor knew I was living back there so he helped me out.  And then Id get real drunk.  Stupid drunk.  I dont know why I didnt just stay there, but I came here at my scheduled time for some reason. 
Tom leaned forward, trying to give a comforting look to his new client.  Tom was the therapist now, and the thing to do was to listen with interest as Walter talked. 
I used to be like you.  Walter pointed at the honeymoon picture of Tom and Patty.  I had a wife.  I worked.  Sure I drank, but not like this.  But everything is so rotten and miserable.  It hurts my head.  He briefly put his hands over his temples.  People would just be better off without me.  Why bother, you know, theres not much left.  Im not even enjoying drinking anymore. 
Tom had been told that people only think of killing themselves when there is somebody in their life giving them the message that they wish they were dead.  Which people would be better off?
Everybody.  You, for one; you wouldn't have to listen to me.  My mom, my ex-wife.  The pastor at the church and the suckers I panhandled from. 
Tom thought of an intervention he had recently learned.  The intervention was to ask a suicidal client, If you were to successfully kill yourself, who do you think would find you afterwards?  This was supposed to reveal the person the client was angry at and perhaps targeting for revenge.  A way of saying to someone, Heres my dead bloody body, how do you like that?  But if a client could imagine their own dead body and think about how long it would be until they were found, then the permanence of the act would become more real. 
An intense image and an intense question, thought Tom, but I dont really know how to use it, better leave it alone.  Besides, today was just an assessment, a quick triage, and then be off and hope that a few days of sobriety, structure, and support would spark some hope and faith. 
Have you already made an actual attempt to kill yourself?  Tom suddenly realized how ignorant he was for not reading Walters file before meeting with him. 
My head is just spinning.  I just cant take it--and no, Ive never really tried it, just always thinking about it.  I know Im just miserable and pathetic.  He looked down, afraid to make eye contact, and talked to the side with eyes half closed.  I wish I could just give my soul to someone who wants it, someone who has cancer or something. 
I could introduce him to Patty, Tom thought; a volunteer soul donor. 
Well, have you planned out how you would do it now; do you already have a plan?  The answer to this question would largely depict the level of risk for Walter, and what would happen during the next few hours. 
I dont know, I suppose I could drink some Drano or just jump off a bridge.  Or take some pills and drink.  I dont know how to do anything right.  All I know is, this is enough.  He giggled a nervous laugh.  Im tired. 
Tom was getting restless, and figured it was time to decide if Walter Rolson might kill himself at West Oaks.  Probably not, was his best guess; too vague a plan and too willing to talk about it.  The assessment was over.  Just monitor his mood, check in on him, and have him agree to a no-harm contract where he would promise to tell a counselor if the suicidal thoughts continued. 
Clinically, Tom could make the case that suicide risk was low, but it certainly didnt mean Mr. Walter Rolson still didnt want to kill himself.  Perhaps Tom could take him to Jasons funeral and give him a glimpse of a human carcass.  It could be kind of a preview to see if death was what he really wanted.  Hey, Walter, here lies an ex-client who also didnt want to live, but his family is left with the remains, what do you think, are you in?  Maybe it would shock him into choosing life, maybe convince him he wanted to die for sure, but either way, it would make him shit or get off the pot. 
Tom continued the session, and could tell Walters desire to cry or scream was fading.  Instead of exploding, Walter was beginning to let the pressure out softly, like a slow leak on a circus balloon.  Walter belonged here; his misery was not so unique, and he could wake up here tomorrow and see what happened.  And the more they talked, the less Walter looked at the ground and the more he peered into Toms eyes. 
Walter told the circumstances of his life.  He had met his wife on an airplane when he ordered both of them drinks.  They were married in Jamaica six months later, and he puked out red schnapps in the resorts pool and had laughed about it afterward.  Walter once had a job as a plumber and would have his friends over to play euchre.  He stopped having sex with his wife for two years before he found out she was having an affair with his euchre partner, but he didnt say a word about it.  Walter just drank alone and listened to his wifes lies, both of them lying to each other, before she finally said she had to file for divorce because her husband was an alcoholic and not fit for becoming a father to her children. 
We could both get dumped for not being able to father a child, Tom thought to himself.  Both of us might just live in that tent in the woods, kill rabbits, and drink until we howl in the night, savages under the moon, the last of a dying breed unable to procreate.  Walter wasnt alone. 
So, Walter, Tom summarized; remember you promised to talk to someone if you felt any self-harm thoughts, just like you did today.  And try to talk more with the other clients here, settle in and just surrender to the fact that youre not leaving here until we say its time to go, okay? 
Yep.  I will.  Ill try. 
Walter did not seem, to Tom, like one of those clients who continually feign suicide.  Tom had dealt with many clients who just announce theyre suicidal whenever they want attention, because they know if they just tell some licensed professional, Im going to kill myself, then the counselor, therapist, or social worker, is liable and legally required to respond.  It gives them the ultimate control with just a few words, and they know all along they have no intention to do a damn thing to themselves. 
You ever see Muhammad Ali fight? Tom asked, wanting to give one more nugget before Walter went back to the daily routine of treatment.  Well, you know what Ali would do.  Rope-a-dope.  He called it rope-a-dope.  Hed be back on the ropes, getting pummeled, but he just sat there and took it.  Covered up as good as he could and just took it.  He knew if he survived the onslaught, hed come back with a vengeance, and his opponent would be tired.  Youre back against the ropes, Walt, but you will come back.  Just be patient.  Dont make a decision today.  Theres hope.  Ride out this beating, and come back to fight another day.  Just like drinking, you can always drink tomorrow, but if you do so today, its a decision that cant be undone. 
Walter shook his head in agreement, perhaps feigning understanding, and began eyeing the telephone.  I havent been able to use the phone.  Can I call my mom, just to let her know how I am?  I doubt shell visit, but I think its a good idea to call.  Tom enthusiastically agreed and picked up the phone, hit an open line, and offered the receiver to Walter with a smile. 
Of all the things Walter had just told Tom, listening in on a phone call to his mother felt like the most intrusive thing he could witness, so Tom looked away and thought of his conversation with own mother just yesterday.  His mother had called him at home.  Tom had known it was his mother calling as soon as he heard the ring, the kind of ring that only a mothers phone call can make. 
Thomas, Thomas!  His Mother had been excited.  I havent talked to you.  So, whats up, any luck?  Are you going to make me a grandmother?
Still trying Mom, nothing new, just working hard, dealing with client stress, but Ill make you a grandma someday.  Tom did not to tell her about the miscarriage. 
Well, I got good news.  Were coming up there.  Me and Darryl are coming up there, Thomas.  He really wants to meet you. 
Thats great, Mom.  We can go out to eat in the old neighborhood.  When is this gonna happen?
In June.  I figured you needed a warning.  Thomas, you're gonna really like Darryl, I hope you like Darryl.  He knows all about you, and we have some important news for you, Thomas, some really important news.  Well wait until we get there to surprise you. 

And the fact that his mother was engaged to get married had dropped like an anchor.  His mother wanted to pretend it was a secret and have that important moment at dinner, and the joy of the announcement.  Im not gonna grow old alone, Tom, theres somebody for all of us, she was saying.  Tom imagined the man as having a handful of divorces, probably a few sets of kids, and they were great for each other.  I dont have to meet him, Mom, hes perfect, had been Toms thoughts as he hung up; I only wish you had met him thirty years ago. 
Tom rubbed his temples and waited for Walters mother to answer the phone.  Walter began to speak, and Tom listened closely. 
Hi, Mom, just wanted to let you know Im okay and not to worry.  Walter was speaking to voicemail.  I should be here for a few weeks or so.  Its a good place here, and Im gonna change, I really am.  I promise. 
Walters voice was getting nervous and it seemed a flood of memories were washing him back into despair. 
I hope youre doing okay and have everything going good and straightened out.  Im trying to straighten things out here and Im with my counselor, in my counselors office, so I have to go.  I love you, Mom.  Talk to you later, maybe. 
Walter hung up and gazed at Tom, as if waiting for a grade on his voice mail message.  B+, Tom would have said.  It would have been an A- if he hadnt said talk to you later, an assumption dropped in there at the last second, but he gets extra points for not asking for cigarette money or whining about how bad the food was in treatment. 
So it looked like Walters existential crisis was extinguished, but all of Toms morning plans were shot.  Tom walked Walter out of his office to join the rest of the clients for the morning activities, and looked out the front window at the cars in the parking lot.  The morning sun had risen higher and hotter, and he could feel the heat radiating from the metallic car hoods. 
I get to leave a suicidal Walter behind, Tom thought, and go to an ex-clients funeral with stinky Bill, another fine afternoon here at West Oaks.  He wished he was going to the funeral alone, but Bill had cornered him yesterday and asked for a ride.  Bill had his motorcycle, so Tom would have to drive and Bill would make his car smell foul.  Even though Bill had dressed up in a suit, there was still that same B. O. or bad-breath stench that followed him everywhere.  And Bill would want to talk about the tragedies of life, of Hank Peterson and Jason Boston, Jr., but Tom wanted to quietly respect the tragedies and stay silent.  Ill just turn the radio up, Tom decided, and he continued to walk down the hallway to put a write-up of his session with Walter Rolson in the clinical chart. 
Tom heard the clicking of high heels, and looked up to see Christy in the hallway.  He passed her without saying a word.  It was the first time he had seen her since her medical leave and suspected abortion.  She looked business-like, was dressed in a long, white skirt and had more make-up and jewelry on than usual. 
He thought of stopping Christy real quick and just vomiting out all the nausea that had been building up.  I know what youve been through, Christy, he could tell her.  I know Hank was the father, I know because I was the father too.  But now both Hank and Jason are dead, and the rest of us are left without children.
Chapter Eighteen
Tom ate an early lunch, alone in his office.  A funeral or a wedding with an empty stomach always made him extra anxious so he packed a large lunch--a roast-beef sandwich with cheddar cheese, left-over potato salad, and four Chips Ahoy cookies for dessert.  The suit and tie made him uncomfortable, and he had to be extra careful not to let the mayonnaise-soaked potato chunks fall on his lap or stain his tie.  He finished the Chips Ahoys and realized that he never packed enough cookies for lunch.  No matter how many he ate, he always wanted more. 
Bill showed up at Toms office, eager to go, excited to experience a funeral, and the two walked to the parking lot in a perfect summer day.  There was a deep-blue sky with a small, distinctly round sun right above them, and it was a glorious day to do their duty to a man they couldnt save.  Wasnt this whole funeral just a celebration of Toms failures?  Wasnt Tom just going to see a client he couldnt save, and everyone would be gathering around to mourn the product of Toms failures?   Here lies Jason, who died before his time and, but for the lack of Toms willingness to be a better therapist, we would be somewhere else today.
Dont admit how you know him, Tom thought; you were just a friend, an associate, not his therapist.  But Bill will probably be screaming it out loud, falling over the casket and giving a eulogy. 
Tom felt these tremors building when he saw a figure appear.  It was the blind man with the white, red-tipped cane, walking out the other side of the parking lot toward Fairlane Drive.  Tom forgot everything and felt a spark shoot through his spine like the first snort of a pile of cocaine.  It was exciting to see the blind man at a different time of the day, heading in a different direction, and Tom thought of following him.  But Bill would probably have no part of this, so he drove to the parking lot exit. 
Hey Bill, have you ever seen that guy? Tom asked. 
Which guy?
That blind guy.  Hes always walking to work when I drive in, just uses his cane.  Its the most amazing thing.  I guess he must not be totally blind, because hes always walking through traffic. 
I dont know who you're talking about. 
Tom turned to point him out, but the blind man was already gone.  He had already made the turn, and Tom figured he must walk much faster in the afternoon.  Bill never saw the blind man, but had to give some commentary regardless. 
Poor blind man.  A blind man goes through so much.  That reminds me of what I heard a guy say at a NA meeting once.  We need to change everything.  To get sober, we need to change everything except what we call ourselves.  We can keep that.  We can keep our name, Tom.  Sick and suffering, poor addicts, Hank and Jason.  Blind men.  They needed some kind of cane, Tom.  We all need canes. 
Tom listened to Bill share his deep misery and regrets over the loss of Jason Boston, Jr. as they made the drive to the cemetery, and he began to look forward to the funeral rather than being stuck in a car with Bill.  I guess it just must have been his time, Bill said, as they turned into the funeral home parking lot. 
Men dressed in stiff suits, and woman with dresses softly fluttering in the wind, walked from their cars, but the ties and skirts were peppered with the darker stains of life.  People with long hair or loud makeup and hooded sweatshirts, leather biker jackets, and long, tight, black T-shirts and pointy cowboy boots strutted to the funeral home door.  The funeral wasnt starting for a half-hour, and the mixed crew were shuffling in from all parts of the Bostons pasts, most of them sucking on the last hit of their cigarettes before flicking the butt onto the ground.  Tom walked to the front door, and figured hed try to lose Bill in the crowd. 
Tom went into the building, and there was no sign of Mrs. Boston or anyone else either of them could recognize.  Bill scattered off, and Tom figured he was on his way over to find Mrs. Boston and to express his condolences.  Good thing.  That would sufficiently cover representation from the West Oaks staff, and Tom wouldnt have to say what he wanted to sayMy baby died too, Mrs. Boston, baby Anthonys dead too, dragged down the same day your spineless, shape-shifting son died of his own smack-filled, masturbatory indulgence.
In front of the room were various family portraits on a bulletin board.  Photos of the family holding beer cans and smoking cigarettes on camping trips and under Christmas trees were stick-pinned for the visitors to look at with sadness.  Most of the crew was adorned with similar garb: motorcycle jackets and tank tops.  There was one picture of Jason, Jr. as a baby with his eyes closed, and another with him playing in a sandbox.  Less wrinkled and more recent pictures showed him and his girlfriend with their young child, Tyler. 
Tom only saw one picture with Jason, Jr. and his father together, a faded picture of Jason holding up a fish.  His father had his arm around his sons back, slightly bending forward to fit into the picture, and both of them were bare-chested.  Jason was about thirteen, no tattoos yet, and had much more color to his skin.  He was smiling, and Tom saw Jasons true smile for the first time--a smile he had been incapable of for the last five years of his life.  But his father looked grim, his own tattoos speckled on his arms, and he was squinting lifelessly at the camera.  Jason Boston, Sr.s many years in prison had dotted him in and out of Jasons life, and dotted him even less prominently on the funeral picture board.  Jasons parents had been divorced many years back, and Tom wondered if they were even on speaking terms. 
Tom finished the picture-board viewing and peeked to see that there was an open casket.  Time to get the deed over and go see the body.  He walked like an altar boy to the front and knelt in front of the cadaver.  He studied the face he had last seen in the detox at West Oaks, and looked at the flesh that seemed to be melted rubber across plastic bones.  Jason looked more like death while he was alive than he did lying here dead today.  He laid there like a mannequin, with a face full of makeupbrown, splotchy makeup like some six-year-old girl had put it on. 
Tom closed his eyes and pretended to pray, in case anyone was watching, and in the darkness of his closed eyes he heard the cry of an infant from some neglectful mother behind him.  The cry faded as the mother brought the infant out of the room. 
When you finally overdosed and died, Jason, who did you think would find you?  Your son?  Your mother?  Another dope fiend who would put you on ice and leave or just dump you in the street? 
And wheres Anthony, Jason?  Do you have him in there with you?  Did you somehow suck my child down with you?  Well, youre gone now--you were gone a long time ago, Jason, died long ago but were just too lazy to lie down.  But Im gonna keep trying, still kicking for life. 
Tom opened his eyes, got up from his kneeling position, and imagined a little casket lying next to Jason--a small, little-person casket, like a shoe box with red, felt lining. 
Tom turned to go sit down, and noticed Jasons mother.  She was sitting to the left and was surrounded by women who were surveying the crowd to see who showed up.  They looked like FBI bodyguards protecting the queen
Tom made it to an empty chair in the last row, and sat by himself.  The crowd was gathering and whispering amongst themselves, as if afraid of being overheard or waking somebody.  Nausea filled Toms gut and he rubbed his temples.  His mouth was dry and he wondered if he should risk losing his isolated seat to go find a drinking fountain.  Inner tremors rumbled in his gut, and he felt that perhaps a seizure was coming on.  A seizure would send him sprawling to the floor, and off hed go, back to the hospital. 
He looked across the aisle and there was Jason Boston, Sr.  Mr. Boston was sitting as far away as possible from his ex-wife and his dead sons casket.  Senior had much darker and rougher skin, as if he had unshaven hair stubble all over his body.  A yellowish hue covered his flesh, and the tough, leather shell made him look immortal, unstoppable.  If he was gonna die, it would have been long ago, but years of prison and street life, heroin and hookers had made him one of the great and mystical Ancients. 
A young boy sat next to him, and Tom recognized him as Jasons five-year-old son, Tyler.  Tyler sat on the chair with slicked-back, wet hair and an oversized sweater, his feet hanging from the chair and not touching the floor.  Tom felt like walking over and giving the child a candy cane, swooping him up and taking him home.  Look who I brought home, Patty, he volunteered to be the child in our family. 
Tom studied the two Boston men openly, both of them like zoo animals and sitting there just to be seen.  Grandfather Boston looked relaxed, with a soft expression on his face.  He was leaning back on his chair like he was sitting on a cushy recliner watching the eleven oclock news before falling asleep with the TV still on.  His leathery-skinned head hung limp on his neck as he looked down toward the grandchild next to him.  His movements were slow; itching the back of his neck and then yawning lazily. 
Hes high, Jason, Sr. is on a fuzzy, heroin high, Tom realized.  His blood is pumping out opiates all throughout his body, numbing his soul and letting him drift into the perfect sleepiness of the Monday afternoon funeral of his only son.  And the grandchild was left there, with the ancient, heroin patriarch, who would pass on the wisdom of what this whole ritual meant. 
This is hard, isn't it?  Bill walked up softly and sat down next to Tom. 
Yes it is.  Did you talk to his mom?
Yeah, yeah I did, they both were whispering.  I told her you were here too, and shes real happy.  But wheres Jasons son? 
Over there.  Tom made a motion toward the child with a nod of his head, and Bill examined the Boston child. 
And thats Jasons dad, too.  Poor guys.  So sick this had to happen.  I wish the guys back at West Oaks could see this. 
Everyone sat quietly in their seats for an eternity, and Tom felt uncomfortable, like someone should take charge, but nobody would.  The silence had buzzed to a near climax when a pastor appeared wearing a white robe and what looked to Tom like a purple scarf.  For a second, Tom thought of moving up from the back row since many seats were left empty, but the pastor began speaking before Tom could move.  Where did they find this guy? Tom thought.  Did the family ever spend a moment in church, or did they just pick anyone?  And what was the pastor really thinking about the death of this changeling, about this family, and about this wasted life?  When the pastor spoke on the nature of lives ending early, of Jesus dying for our sins and everlasting life for those who believed in the Son, Tom found his voice beautiful.  It was soothing, background music with hypnotizing lyrics, like the drone of an air conditioner humming in the background.  Anthony would be alive if this man could just keep speaking. 
But the pastor stopped, and a man who introduced himself as Jasons uncle stepped up to the podium to speak.  Tom refused to listen and looked across the row at Jason Boston, Sr. to see how he was handling things.  The old mans head had drooped lower on his neck, as if his throat were cut, but Tom couldnt see his face to know if he was crying or sleeping.  The child had been taken up front by his mother, and the grandfather sat alone. 
Perhaps I can get up and sit by him, Tom thought, just take Jason Sr. by the hand and drag him back to West Oaks.  We are both hurting, both aching, Tom could tell him, but you got to go on living--let your son pass his soul on to you, just become someone who wants it.
But like a typical, stubborn West Oaks client, Mr. Boston would just remain in his coma, sleepily waiting for his next shot of heroin.  Tom would have to become the in-your-face therapist and yell at him.  Wake up, wake the fuck up!  Thats your son in there!  Wake up or go to sleep forever, quietly, by yourself where nobody else can find you.  Tom could hear his own screams disturbing the silent air of false remorse that had hypnotized the entire room. 
Ive had enough; theres no reason for me to keep sitting here.  This whole situation is sucking me in, contaminating my whole body and I wish Patty was here, wish here and I could have our own little funeral for my lost child, who nobody knows existed and who deserves to live more than anyone in this room.  What about him?  What about Anthony?  Im done here.  If I stay a minute longer, I will become the adopted member of the Boston family, never to get out of its hold, and will impregnate Patty with more smack-corrupted DNA. 
The Pastor seemed to be finishing, and Tom got up from his chair to leave the room, hoping nobody would notice, but sure they would.  He had stayed for most of it, had shown his face as needed and done his duty, now it was time to go. 
Tom walked down the hall to the sitting room, where he would wait for Bill and try to breathe some fresh air into his lungs.  The fresh air will cleanse my lungs, my blood, Tom hoped, and my heart will pump refreshing, new life through my body. 
Tom got as far away as he could, and then sat on a carpeted stool and heard faint organ music from down the hall.  Its almost over, just a quick dash to the car and then home free.  A strange, swirling song filled the air from all sides--the organ music piped from down the hall--and someones cell phone rang like a shrieking fire alarm that needed to be stopped.  Something had to be done or else Tom would soon be sprawling on the floor in a seizure.  The couches and lush rugs of the funeral home turned to fuzzy dots.  Nobody could be seen in either direction, and Tom heard the ringtone of the cell phone fade away in a ting that echoed.  He buried his head into his hands, the last ring of the phone swirled in his brain, circled in a torrential cacophony, and then finally imploded into the voice of his dead child Anthony, whispering in his eardont let her die, dont let her die, keep her safe, keep Samantha safe ... 
Chapter Nineteen
Mandy Gestalts knees were dug deep into the brown, sandbox dirt, implanting themselves below the lighter, granular sand to the darker, cooler, brown sand beneath.  She scooped up the raw earth with a plastic, blue shovel.  She was digging all the way to the middle of the planet.  Her father watched her play as he pulled a lawnmower out of the shed, wondering if it would be safer for her to go inside while he mowed the lawn. 
The grass over the golden retrievers burial site was growing deeper and richer than the surrounding area.  The crucifix twigs had been put aside long ago to make room for the lawnmower and never replaced.  Molecules of the decomposed dogs flesh fueled the rain-soaked blades of green grass toward the sun.  The nutritious remains of Petey were being mowed and sucked into the lawnmower bag every week and then turned brown in the plastic garbage bags.  On garbage day, dirty workers with yellow, splotchy gloves would toss the bags into the truck and then grab onto the back as the diesel engine trudged the garbage truck forward.  The trucks would drive to the city dump, and a kaleidoscope of colored trash would spill out into the garbage mound as pigeons fluttered overhead.  The remains of Petey spilled out of the truck as well, and were scattered and mixed with the rest of the suburban garbage--the Styrofoam coffee cups, the discarded newspaper circulars, the outdated furniture--and the discarded syringes from local heroin addicts like Mr. Boston.  The syringes were collected from weekly-rate-motel-room garbage cans, placed there after being spiked into the red river flowing in the neck of Jason Boston, Sr. 
***
Oh my God, this is really happening.  Shes holding my hand--she walked up next to me and is holding my hand.  It feels warm and soft, much warmer than white skin feels.  My forearm hairs are standing on end, like electric static, clinging to her as we walk.
James and Ra walked two dogs down Fairlane Drive.  They both felt extra alive while touching each other for the first time, and were sure the dogs felt extra alive to escape the swirling, barking air of the shelter.  James had a short, black terrier with pudgy legs that had been in the shelter for nearly a week and seemed to love his new home.  Ra had a boxer who made authoritative glances from one side to the other, his head scanning the scenes and then sniffing the cracks on the sidewalks.  James had picked up the boxer five days ago as it strayed through a city park with no tag or collars. 
They had been spending more time together, laughing and developing expectations, and even formalities like having lunch together.  During this time James heart and breath were becoming more at ease in her presence, but she had just shattered this comfort by grabbing his hand, and his whole body felt jittery.  The skin on his hand was something he felt he could never touch, something not for him, that chance was lost long ago.  All he thought that was left in life was to stay lost and tumble from one lifeless place to the next.  But here he was, and the only reason he controlled his joy was the fear of being too excited and childish.  Act like youve done it before, they told him on his soccer team.  Act like youve scored before and dont be too surprised when it happens.
We still have to go back to Argos, buddies; we can't walk too far away, Ra spoke to the dogs.  The boxer pulled harder on the leash and Ras free hand had to pull back against the weight of the heavy dog.  James silently encouraged the dog to keep pulling them far away.  He was ready to walk the circumference of the Earth with Ras hand in his, and never wanted to turn around. 
Where did the name Argos come from, anyways? James asked. 
Huh.  Im surprised that nobodys told you, since we get asked that a lot.  Argos was the name of Odysseus dog from the ancient Greek story The Odyssey.  It was written by Homer, the epic poet, who was supposed to be blind.  Ra pointed to her eyes as she said this, but then the boxer pulled to sniff a tree and her hand was stretched forward by the leash. 
The story goes that Odysseus is returning home after being gone to war for twenty years.  Hes been gone so long that men from all over have pounced on his wife and his house like vultures.  Odysseus has to disguise himself as a beggar in order to win his wife back.  Well, his old dog, Argos, is the only one that recognizes him; nobody else recognizes him, the disguise is so good.  Argos is all withered and sad but finally dies after he sees his master for one last time. 
Now how did he do that?
He just recognized him, felt him, he just knew it was his master, and was staying alive to see him one last time before he died. 
No, no, I dont mean that.  That makes perfect sense actually.  I mean how did the poet write it, being blind?  Thats what I meant.  How did the poet write an epic, being blind?
I guess the same way Argos knew his master  Just felt it; it was probably easier being blind.  Nobody can fool you with disguises that way. 
James gave a slight squeeze of her hand and felt their palms getting clammy. 
Maybe theyd recognize you if you went back to India. 
The terriers little legs were moving quickly now, like a fast-forward movie, his short, stubby steps fluttering to keep up. 
You dont remember any of India, do you?
Ra seemed as if she had been preparing for that question and answered quickly. 
No, I was only seven months old.  I think I may go there someday.  I had planned to go there once, in high school.  I ran away from home and was going to go all the way to India. 
James thought he could feel her memories just by holding onto her hand. 
I made it only as far as a friends house.  He was going to come with me to New York.  I was going to fly to India from New York, or maybe just catch a boat.  My friends mom told on me and my big escape never happened. 
The dogs stopped at a tree, both stimulated by some scent and eagerly pushing their noses to the ground.  The terrier slipped in between the boxers legs, gravitating to the intoxicating smell.  Ra and James turned to look at each other, face-to-face, each with one hand still clutching the leashes and the other holding onto the others fingers.  The fingers were loosely wrapped, barely grasping each other by a few bended knuckles.  The fear of fingers slipping and the two falling apart was teasing, and the fate of James soul rested on the outcome. 
Was it really that bad at home? James asked. 
Ra pulled his hand in tighter. 
No, not at all.  My parents tried.  They really did; I was just extra rebellious.  They tried to keep me connected to the culture of India.  Wed go to eat real Indian cuisine, go to cricket games--cricket is really big with people from India--and wed go to these adoption support groups and picnics and things.  The parents would put us together like we were all connected somehow.  And yes, we were, but it was just forced, like some stupid, arranged marriage or something.  She sighed, I guess we all knew they were doing it more for themselves than for us, so we just ate some ice cream or something and then went home, still feeling like something had been torn out of us. 
Ra looked away, and James scanned her body.  Her white top accentuated her curves, and he imagined the flesh underneath. 
I tried to run away too, I did the same thing, James said.  I was a little older than you, except I got pulled over by the cops and had to turn around. 
James stopped himself there, not sure how much he should let her know.  He had told her about his substance-abuse history, and his stay at the treatment center, over lunch one day and was surprised that Ra had already known.  She had watched him the first day they met, and saw him get into the cab the day he left West Oaks months ago.  Ra already knew James was just a stray mutt, but what would she do when she realized how dark and lost a stray he really was? 
And what were you running away from? Ra asked. 
My life, my dad; everything.  My father never did hit me.  But he was angry.  I think my grandfather really beat him good, and it seemed Dad was stuck with some solemn oath not to hit me.  Or maybe it was a curse, because I know he wanted to hit both of us, and I know he hit Simonthats the dog he took away--I know he hit him.  And he hit my mom, but never in front of me; I just saw the marks. 
Anyways, he just had this twisted way of making you feel like a nuisance like sometimes Id be in the room with him, and hed sense that I was thinking bad of him and hed give me a look, or just ... hed just sense I was happy, see me just smiling a bit, and that would really piss him off like he was doing something wrong.  I learned not to make him think I was ever unmiserable. 
James remembered the frustrated look his dad would get when he wanted to explode and his face was red from the liquor.  He could see his dad trying to burst, and James would almost feel sorry for him and wanted to give him suggestions on what to do.  Just call me a mother-fucker, Dad, or remind me what a disappointment I am.  See there, its not so hard, is it?
But he cant hurt me here, James thought; Im falling in love and nothing can take that away.  Ra holding his hand had spoken volumes.  Or perhaps this is just charity work, perhaps she was just giving a look of love before sending him off to sleep. 
Of course, he never said he loved me, but worse than that he never showed it either--maybe couldnt show it.  James swallowed hard.  I am definitely his son, though.  Getting drunk made both of us evil.  I still think there will be enough forgiveness for everybody someday. 
The sun was setting in the horizon, taking one last stop before its quick dive into darkness, and Ra and James turned around in sync.  Their hands briefly came apart, but James still felt her hand in his.  Before they took three steps, James felt lost and took the initiative to grab her hand back, first touching the inside of her forearm and then sliding down to grasp her palm. 
It was time to go home.  Both their work shifts had ended and this walk was done on their own time, but the dogs had a job to do back at the shelter.  It was the time of the day when outsiders might be coming in to pick them up for adoption, and their job was to look cute and adoptable. 
You know, its too bad there couldnt be free-range animal shelters.  That was one thing the farm had going for it, the turkeys could roam, they werent stuffed inside a barn where they ended up pecking each others eyes out and becoming cannibals like some other places. 
James imagined his dad back in the farmhouse, wondering if he kept the farm going, or if he was sitting in his chair watching TV and making a list of people who had wronged him and plotting revenge.  Wherever he was, he certainly wasnt smiling, and he certainly was upset he hadnt heard any bad news about James lately. 
Did you actually breed them there?
No, wed get them shipped in every two months.  Theyd come in like little fuzz-balls.  Poults, they called them.  Theyd start in a house with heat lamps, but it only takes them eighteen weeks to grow up.  I spent lots of time with them, sometimes sneaking in to see them when I was just five years old.  I always wanted to bring one to live with me in my room.  But I figured my parents would take it away, just like my dad took my dog away. 
James stood still for a moment, and felt the setting sun on the side of his face.  He inched his nose into the air and waited for the smell of the farm to appear from the distance, as if some unfelt wind, whose current ran slow but unnoticed, could lift the scent of turkey shit, muddy feathers, hay and corn from miles away.  James longed to smell the farm again, wished he could swim in it once more, but his nose came up blank.  Perhaps the dogs could detect such a scent, but James couldnt, and he looked at the terrier, wondering what he was searching for with his nose to the ground. 
So, James, lets take more walks like this.  How about this weekend?
Id love to. 
The chance to be together for hours, not just minutes.  James began to feel that this meant more than charity work.  He briefly thought about sneaking in a kiss--just breaking through that barrier--but figured waiting for another day would be just as well.  Forcing his way right now could shatter everything, but it was just so damn hard for James to moderate anything.  Give him a taste, and he wanted to eat it all and get more. 
They were getting close to the shelter now, and the time would come when they would have to let go.  The unspoken word hung in the air, not to let the other workers be aware of any relationship between them, and James looked at her with a smile, gave her fingers a squeeze, and softly dropped her hand.  They made arrangements to do something that weekend, Ra offering to drive, and then said goodbye. 
James stood in the empty parking space after Ra drove off in her Jeep Wrangler.  He looked across the parking lot to see West Oaks in the distance.  It was just about dinner time, and the clients would be sitting down with their outcast family soon.  The displaced group would be eating their Hamburger Helper with melted-on government cheese and powdered ice tea with peach slices for desert.  But here was James getting off work and perhaps starting a relationship, moving on and four months sober, feeling moments of inner peace when yesterday was a wailing scream.  A spirit in crisis is like a black hole--he had heard that at an AA meeting last week--and if you let it, it will suck in what you need to make you feel whole again. 
Coincidence is just Gods way of staying anonymous.  Ra is the name of the Egyptian sun god.  And Rachel? 
What the fuck is going on here is this really happening? James wondered.  A job and a relationship, and I have no idea of how to proceed from here.  What is it she sees in me?  He remembered his counselor Tom telling him to avoid relationships.  The roller-coaster of emotions that relationships bring was way too much for someone to handle in early recovery, Tom had warned him.  Ill be careful, James thought, but I cant pass up this opportunity. 
James was in no rush to get home, and turned his fingers slowly on the combination bike lock, doing everything deliberately to avoid error.  If he played everything right from here on out, he could be kissing Ra soon, perhaps feeling more of her flesh, rubbing her abdomen and feeling his palms across all of her body, perhaps igniting a new passion in Ra.  If she initiated holding his hand, what was next?  It was clear to both of them that she was in charge.  He was too stunted to be assertive, but he could follow and comply, and that was just perfect. 
His thoughts fueled his legs with energy as he biked home.  He stood off the seat and pumped his legs hard with his full weight, and the bike accelerated with each stroke.  He jumped some curbs as he rode, flying at the little ramps full-speed and pulling up on the handlebars, and then landing while his legs kept pumping.  Riding fifteen miles each day had given him a much-improved physical condition, his thighs becoming harder, the flab that the beers had given him was fading, and his puffy, veiny cheeks were now shiny and clear.  Muscles and spirits inside him he didnt even know he had were sprouting like spring tulips. 
James rode by the Golden Keg party store.  A man with stains on his tank-top peered out the front window of the cooler-lined store.  James remembered how much he used to love party stores, the smell as he walked in, the clink of the bell on the door announcing a customer, and then looking at the 40-ouncers in the coolers.  He could examine the different brands of beer and malt liquor for hours, and whichever one he chose would never let him down.  The rows and rows of liquor bottles behind the counter were so wonderful and plentiful, and the little knick-knack paraphernalia by the cash register--blue-hot lighters and rolling papers--were ready for any kind of high you wanted.  There was nothing quite as exciting as walking into a party store with money, grabbing the drink of your choice, and the wonderful ring of the register before you left with the brown paper bag. 
A fifth of Southern Comfort or Jack Daniels right now would be perfect, James thought.  Man, it would be one of the most beautiful fuck-ups of his life.  Hed call in sick to work, or go in hung over.  Ra would smell the liquor on him, or see it in his pale face; he couldn't hide it.  Either way, she would definitely see the bitter aura that would surround him.  Once the drinking started, the dark aura would continue to grow, set in motion and unable to stop until it had run its course.  It was a bitter, self-destructive aura that grew more and more dark and menacing before it exploded like a black butterfly and released, sending James to a hospital for pancreatitis, a treatment center, or simply straight to his grave. 
James got back to the halfway house and knew his days there were numbered.  I think Ive found the dog Ive been waiting for, he thought, and made a note to stop and look for apartments or rooms for rent.  Perhaps hed find a place where he could have a dog, but definitely one where he could have a visitor. 
James went to his room and was happy to see his roommate had moved out.  At least he seemed to have, because all that remained was some shampoo, razors, and a deodorant that was uncapped with armpit-hairs sticking out of it.  The roommates smelly shoes were gone from the floor, the radio that was always left on was gone, and the man was gone.  He probably got kicked out, James thought, and the halfway house was truly a sober place again.  James envisioned the man hitting a glass pipe, sucking in the crack like he sucked in the joint, and blowing the smoke out with orgasmic disgust. 
James went to an AA meeting that night.  He had a date on Saturday and God willing would stay sober at least until then. 
Chapter Twenty
The next morning was filled with cats.  Cats and kittens were everywhere.  James and Lester were called to a house where a woman had died alone, but her eighteen cats were there, most of them starting to starve.  The still-present stench of the decaying woman and cat urine was like a thick cloud, but James was surprised at how quickly his nose got used to it.  The nausea faded and the smell became intriguing as they collected the animals.  Little red and yellow plastic bowls had been left all over the apartment and were now empty. 
The cats ran across counter tops, appeared from under dressers, made tremendous leaps across furniture, and ran frantic sprints across the room.  James had already cleared out three such homes and had come to believe that kittens were born with the mating of loneliness and an older, white-haired woman.  Treats and food were helpful to lure the hungry cats rather than a struggle to tackle them.  Sometimes James and Lester would have to corner them behind a couch and put the opened cage as their only apparent escape.  The cat thought they were running for safety until the door would close on the cage they had entered.  The cats never seemed upset or surprised when they were taken down the stairs into the truck inside their little, metal cages.  Grateful neighbors usually stood by to watch as the strange old ladies cats were taken away.  When they were all safely in the truck, and the two drove off, James felt like he was the head of a twisted family going out for a family trip. 
As they unloaded the cats into the shelter, James made a point to shoot warm, but not smothering, smiles at Ra throughout the day.  Remember, play this right and things will go well, James told himself.  Dont push too hard, let it flow, go with the forces and pull when things push.  Ra was giving baths most of the morning, and James noticed her give the little, black terrier from yesterday a good scrub down.  Thanks, little fellow, James thought to himself; the little dog had perhaps made all of this possible. 
James went to a Dunkin Donuts to get a cheddar cheese bagel, a blueberry muffin, and a Dr. Pepper for a late lunch.  The afternoon was sunny and bright, and the air seemed wonderfully clear.  The stakes of life are getting high, James thought as he paid the clerk.  People are buying my mask of sanity, and the mask is developing deep roots.  Perhaps someday the sanity will take over completely. 
James was strolling back to work, eating the bagel and carrying the huge muffin in a bag when he saw a lone figure with a fluttering tie walk across the parking lot.  It was his counselor, Tom Cleaves, and apparently he was stopping by the animal shelter. 
James waited and felt a proud smile spread across his face as he watched Tom Cleaves approach.  Tom was a short man, not especially intimidating, but with a sharp and quick wit.  Tom was hiding things.  It was easy to tell that Tom was often holding back the secrets of his own despair.  James figured that any fears that slipped out of the counselors closet were easily stuffed back in before Tom could come to work.  That just makes him one of us, James thought, and maybe thats why clients like him at West Oaks. 
Counselor Tom approached with a hand outstretched, and they shook hands eagerly.  James felt the confidence of the master of a castle greeting a weary passerby. 
So this is where youve landed.  I cant believe it.  This is great. 
Yep, I didnt go far, did I? James replied.  But I like it.  I feel real fortunate.  My animal experience from the farm really helped me out, and if I attend some school and get more training, theres room for advancement. 
Well, you look good since you stopped drinking.  Tom gave a quick laugh, and James wondered if there werent any condescending thoughts to his comments.  But it was true, James did look better. 
Thanks.  And you look good since youve become a father.  Hows your wife doing?
Tom looked down and blinked heavily.  Actually, it didnt take.  She had a miscarriage.  Fortunately, we didnt tell many people.  Actually just you, James; youre the lucky one. 
James felt like he had swallowed an air pocket, like an air bubble had been shot into his vein, and he sat silently waiting for it to burst in his heart.  He sensed Toms body tighten.
Im sorry Tom, I didnt know.  Wow, sorry.  Hey, you can do it again. 
Thanks.  Its been hard.  Like we lost a life.  Tom turned his head as if he had heard a noise.   
Hey, can I see the animals sometime? Tom continued with a different voice tone.  Im thinking about getting a dog. 
Oh, really!  Great.  But actually were not open to the public until later.  At four. 
Okay, just thought I could take a quick look on my lunch break.  Tom turned his head to the sun, as if deciding what to do next.  Hey, James, he asked, what happens to the ones you dont find homes for, what happens to them? 
James hesitated.  He felt a little like he was being used, like Tom wanted to be a voyeur and it was up to James to open the shades so Tom could peep in and see all the little, dark secrets of the shelter.  But it felt good to talk to talk to a familiar face. 
Well, a lot are put to sleep.  We probably put down about fifty animals a week, but weve sent twenty in one day.  Lucky for me its not my decision.  You know, sometimes James looked around to see if anyone was watching, sometimes I think I should just let a stray loose in the middle of the night.  Its got a better chance being out there than here with me.  I guess its mostly painless though, just a quick injection.  They used to put them in carbon-dioxide gas chambers to euthanize the critters en masse.  James had heard the phrase en masse and thought it sounded dark.  It certainly sounded like a holocaust word. 
Wow, fifty a week!  You cant even hold that many animals in this small place.  Half of the animals brought in here must be put to death.  Man, whats wrong with people?
James felt a defensive wave fill his body.  A comeback sat on the edge of his tongue ready to be spit out.  What is the percentage of people who were brought into West Oaks who actually stayed sober? James wanted to ask.  Only one in ten of the clients you work with will stay sober for a year, Tom, why do you bother?  James swallowed this thought and let it go. 
But Im sure you have helped tons of animals who would be lost without you, said Tom.  I heard that Gandhi once said that a nation can be judged by how its animals are treated or something like that. 
Gandhi was from India.  James learned of this in high school.
You know what, Tom, I can probably get you in to look at the animals.  Its cool that you came here, and theres a ton of dogs that need a home.  Come with me for a second. 
James went to the shelter door with the counselor following.  Nobody asked many questions as they walked past the front desk and went back to the dog runs. 
I wont be able to take them out for you to pet them or nothing.  Usually they have the dogs spend some time alone with potential owners by themselves.  And we cant stay too long because of all the barking. 
But the barking was softer than usual down the dogs hallway.  The animals were more interested in their naps, and looked at the two with near-disdain.  We arent ready to perform or see anybody yet, they seemed to be saying as they lay there, while Tom walked along the cages like a prison warden. 
We want an older one, or middle-aged, who is housebroken and everything.  Tom was whispering now, adding to the undercover nature of the operation.  They walked past the crew, and James realized he would probably have to come back; he couldn't let them out of their cages now. 
Ill tell you what, Tom whispered.  How about if you pick one, you pick which one you think I should take. 
Ah!  Power of the choice is mine, James thought, and he picked through the different creatures.  If Tom had come earlier that week, he could have referred him to the eleven-year-old Doberman with diabetes who was perfectly housetrained.  The owner had brought the dog into the shelter, pledged her eternal love for the dog, and begged for the shelter staff to find it a home.  Not a chance, lady.  There was enough trouble with one-year-old, healthy dogs and even fresh puppies; a diabetic dog with just a few years left was not going to be adopted, and the animal was brought to the put-down room the next day. 
How about Albert.  Hes a cool little dog.  I walked him yesterday.  Happy and neat, and hes been here for too long. 
James led the counselor over to Alberts cage, and the dog strutted eagerly over with his tail wagging.  Tom let Albert smell his fingers through the metal bars and looked at the mangy, black hair that covered its eyes. 
Hey, buddy.  You look like a fine, little catch to take home.  Yeah, you are a little, happy one.  The dog responded in kind, a smile in his eyes as he licked his savior.  Are you gentle?  You look gentle.  Mr. Middle-Aged Dog want to spend his retirement with me?  Tom kept up with his doggie baby talk, and promised to come back and take Albert home the next day. 
James gave the counselor his space, and watched from the distance down the hall.  Tom has helped me in more ways than I used to believe, James thought.  If nothing else, I want to lead the life that he is already living. 
They snuck back out the front and stood near the shelter door.  James was ready to say his goodbyes and took the muffin out of his Dunkin Donuts bag.  He pulled back the muffin wrapper and starting chowing on the edges as muffin crumbs fell onto the ground below. 
Hows the halfway house going? Tom asked.  He was using his counselor tone of voice along with his counselor-listening look. 
Its all right.  Keeping me sober, a place to stay.  Im not there much. 
James had eaten the muffin bottom quickly and was chewing the slightly burned top, crumbs continuing their steady rain to the ground below.  He needed to get back to work, but would just eat and listen if Tom wanted to keep talking. 
Actually, James, I hope to get another guy into the halfway house this week.  His name is Walter, and hes about to be discharged from West Oaks.  Hes scared to go, so if you see him, could you help him out and make him feel comfortable?  Ill give him your name and tell him to seek you out, if thats okay. 
Yeah, sure.  Its not a bad place.  Hell, you could send him over here to talk to me if hes that freaked out. 
No, itll be good for him to feel the fear and do it anyways. 
Tom rubbed his temple and then scratched the back of his neck. 
So, James, I guess were making a switch.  Dumping one of your little, stray dogs off with me, and Im referring one of mine to live with you.  A beautiful economy, eh?
Yep, the big switch.  Ill have little Albert put on reserve for you, Tom.  Maybe we can groom him up and everything, and well send him home with you tomorrow. 
James was feeling great now and felt stupid for worrying about the counselor being condescending.  Im not in his office anymore, James reminded himself, not crawling back to treatment because I have no other place to stay, and I sure as hell am not gonna beg my dad to move back into the farm.  The answer would be no, and Im not going back anyway. 
The muffin was completely eaten by now, and James had the wrapper balled up in his hand.  James thought that the conversation was over and that Tom would be leaving, but the counselors eyes showed his brain was still whirling and he looked up at James with wonderment.  Tom seemed on the brink of some decision, not sure whether to rush forward or fall back, and James wanted to bump him like a broken pop machine to get his change out. 
You know, Tom finally spoke, I was going to ask you something.  Remember in group where you talked about that dream you had.  You know the one where you dreamed your dead mother spoke to you.  I was thinking about that.  You know, I just wanted to say it was really powerful.  I guess you just have to listen to the message and take it for what its worth, right; I mean, you dont expect it to happen again and cant go looking for it. 
His voice tone changed to a level that James had never heard before.  James wanted to look away but instead stared down at the counselors face, which was raw and humbled.  It felt like walking in on one of your parents naked, not wanting to believe they were human, being shocked at seeing them, and feeling ashamed to notice.  James wanted to comfort him, or to at least act or say something stupid enough to put the counselor back in control. 
Yeah.  That was very strange, Tom.  I still remember it vividly. 
It was much easier to remember vividly, thought James, because it wasnt a dream.  It really happened, Tom, but you dont have to know thatthats one of those things I will just keep quiet about.  If I say it was only a dream, then you cant see beyond my mask of sanity. 
Tom gave James a parting handshake. 
Youll make a good father! Youll be a good one, James reassured his old counselor. 
Just before leaving that day, James made a note to the staff to save Albert, the little, black, terrier-mix, who Tom was to pick up tomorrow.  James had nearly forgotten to let the staff know.  He had darted out the doors, planning on being gone for good, when he saw some birds eating his fallen muffin crumbs, and the conversation with Tom came back to him.  It was certainly something he had only remembered due to his sharper, clearer mind in sobriety.  If James had started drinking that week, the dog might have been in a black bag in the freezer on the next day when Tom came to pick him up. 
Chapter Twenty-one
Tom Cleaves drove home from work with a smiling, black, seventeen-pound dog on his lap and weaved in and out of traffic.  At times he was blinded by the dog jumping on his lap to put his nose out the window, but he maneuvered his head to keep his eyes on the road.  Albert would be a surprise to Patty, a surprise he had already set the stage for, and Tom felt proud of his pick.  The fear of Patty not being happy about Albert was set at ease when Tom realized he could tell her it was our house for the dog or the gas chamber.  But the stray dogs smiling face would win her over, anyway.  It was a smile eager for life, happy for everything, and without enough time to express all the joys that came from a scratch on his head or a rub of his belly. 
Tom had been guarded the last few weeks, keeping out the extra stimuli that he had unfortunately let sink in too deeply.  Somehow the volume of life had turned up and was blaringly painful.  Tom had turned it up way too loud, and the noise reverberated and rocked his ears, and now it was time to turn it way down--time to turn it down to the point it couldnt be heard for a while.  He would completely mute the volume if possible, and then when the time was right let it slowly creep up to just a faint noise, then louder, to a clear conversation, and then one last, firm point of an exciting but stable pitch.  No more voices from outside, no more echoes to be heard, no more damned funerals and stop letting clients and craziness be parasites--you are not the host of the parasites, Tom told himself, and turning the volume down meant pulling himself away. 
The small boys voice from the funeral-home meltdown sometimes creaked in his brain.  It was soft, yet screechy at the same time, just internal, electric phone static.  And the funeral phone static said it had a sister, a feminine side in the works.   
Tom figured the voice was the subconscious maelstrom of guilt, shame, and frustration exploding to an audio climax.  It was anxiety-induced, internal stimuli, his inward reality from the miscarriage, the funeral, his failed fatherhood, all made external into the little childs voice.  If I could have just sat and listened to the preacher man, thought Tom, the purple-scarved preacher would have soothed the volume in my head, kept out any demons, but instead I ran from the body of Jason Boston, Jr.  And nobody saw me sitting there on the carpeted flower stool; only the chosen can hear the messages. 
We all have a bit of schizophrenia in us, Tom knew this, and perhaps it was just the beginning of schizophrenia hitting him in mid-life like it sometimes does to unsuspecting, normal people, just going about their lives until the dormant disease kicks in.  Tom might be even more suspect, with all that extra brain damage he had caused from drinking and drugging. 
Tom had treated clients with this reality-twisting disease before, and remembered them saying that the TV had spoken to them, spoken their name, told them to be careful, but then told them it was no use to be careful because they couldnt hide no matter what.  Yep, perhaps this was the beginning of schizophrenia, and soon hed hear command voices from the radio waves telling him of a plot by aliens to enter West Oaks disguised as drug-addicted clients and infiltrate the Cleaves family.  Only aluminum foil wrapped around his testicles could protect their fertility. 
I can always dip into the anti-psychotic drugs easy enough, Tom realized, just reach in the medicine cabinet and steal a few Risperdal--maybe chop them up and smoke them, or snort them or shoot them, and go about pretending Im doing fine and keep the voices at bay. 
Tom rubbed Alberts head and saw the dogs black eyes gaze back at him with a peaceful appreciation so deep it made the dog pant.  Damn, it was good to see James White.  Just to see the clarity in his eyes gave Tom a renewed purpose to his life.  It helped to find a reason to go to work, to put a child into this world.  If hope and sanity and meaning can spring from the ashes of a fellow so bent on despair like James White, then the world is a perfect place. 
Dont plan on him staying sober, Tom then told himself, dont set yourself up to have the volume blare like an ambulance outside your car window again when you hear about James getting drunk and lying in detox.  Keep things calm, like theyve been. 
Albert would add a nice bit of song to the calm and quiet of the past few weeks. 
Tom drove one-handed and let the dog lick his right hand by reaching over into the passenger seat.  After his hand seemed to be licked clean, Tom gave one last, deep, fingernail scratch to Alberts back before putting both hands back on the wheel.  He rolled down the passenger side window so the little guy could smell the rushing suburban air outside without getting in the way of his steering.  Everyone seemed to be happy this way. 
What were Alberts previous owners like?  Would they ever know that somehow their discarded dog had been saved, and did they even care?  What did he do in his previous life?  It was clear Albert had stuck his nose out the window before.  This was not the first time. 
Tom didnt tell Patty about the volume turning up, about the bitter taste and haunting echoes, but instead blocked it out by leaning on her harder, and both of them ground themselves together, and a new shine came back to their relationship.  Yesterday they had put themselves into the volunteer pool and helped paint homes in The City along with a handful of Pattys clients.  They had climbed ladders and scraped away old paint, caulked corners, and drank lemonade brought to them by the cigarette-smoking elderly woman with the faded, flowered dress.  The painting of the house had been complete just before sunset, and the volunteer crew pulled away in vague darkness.  The woman had watched them leave from the kitchen window, complete with metal bars to keep the neighborhood predators away. 
Tom drove faster as he thought about introducing Patty to their new pet.  Albert stuck his nose back out into the rushing air and his black, shaggy ears flapped in the wind.  The dog finally had to sit down in the car seat after Toms sharp turn made him lose his balance.  Pattys car was in the driveway when they arrived home, and Tom opened the front door and stuck the dog into the opening.  The dog rushed in and somehow smelled his way to Pattys feet.  Tom followed, and all of them laughed loudly like they were seeing an old friend.  Tom and Patty bent down and huddled up as the dog jumped and licked their faces, their smiling cheeks getting slobbered with dog saliva.  Albert knew that he had been rescued. 
The dog finished thanking his saviors and sniffed about his new area, scouring the ground like a vacuum cleaner.  His tongue panted outside of his glistening mouth and his chest heaved with each breath of needed oxygen for more energy.  The air of the house was changing and Tom breathed in the joyful air of the terrier.  Patty had certainly given her approval. 
During dinner, Albert sat with perfect posture, quietly staring up at Patty with his desperate, humble, black eyes, waiting for any possible rain of crumbs from her plate.  Half of a doughy dinner roll was cupped in her hand and lowered to the mouth of the new Cleaves pet. 
For the first time since the miscarriage, Tom and Patty had sex, while their new dog slept at the door of the bedroom.  They had been on a two-week break where Patty had been taking new vitamins and feeling her body becoming strong again.  The sex was slow, but feminine and solid with the lights off.  They looked into each others open eyes at the climax, barely able to see through the darkness.  They drifted off to sleep to the soft noise of Albert snoring. 
When Tom opened his eyes the next morning, Patty and the dog were gone.  She had woken up with the rising sun and taken Albert for a walk.  Coffee was made, and Tom drank it slowly, letting his body warm up to the temperature of the day.  The coffee stimulated his heartbeat, pumped blood faster through his veins, and Patty and Albert ran through the door like a young couple in the joys of new love. 
Tom and Patty took their morning shower together, lathering the shampoo sloppily across their heads and naked bodies in a bubbling orgy.  The hot shower steamed the bathroom mirror with a thick fog, dampened the towels and the towel rack, and they dried off with big smiles and tiny sweat beads on their foreheads. 
Fresh food and water were laid out for Alberts first day at the Cleaves bungalow.  Albert was left all alone, and they could hear him whimpering behind the door as they walked off the front patio, but both of them were looking forward to the bounding joy that awaited them upon their return. 
Tom was early today, and the shuffling, blind-man figure was seen well before the crossroads.  A seeing-eye dog would help that man, thought Tom, why doesnt he just get a seeing-eye dog--one of those big golden retrievers who could lead him everywhere he wanted to go.  The man could use an instructional seer to guide him in this world, hed move much quicker, much safer, and hed have a companion.  Perhaps it was a cost issue, or an ego issue, thought Tom as he drove by.  We all need seers, we all have our canes, and the stray dog Albert is gonna show me some new joy and blessings. 
Tom drove into the West Oaks parking lot, realizing he was off to try to save another stray, a stray that didnt seem so blessed--the poor, stray soul of Walter Rolson.  Tom had a family session with Walter and his mother, Mrs. Rolson, scheduled first thing that morning. 
Walter Rolson had gone from wanting to kill himself to making fart jokes in group therapy.  He had developed some ego in his voice, rather than the trembling squeak of his first few days at West Oaks.  Im sure he cries when hes alone, Tom figured.  He still could see the sadness and fear there, in his eyes.  Walt had learned how to avoid feelings of despair by bragging to his new friends about how much he could drink, and the crazy days of living in the tent deep in the woods.  Tom had overheard Walt glamorizing the days and nights of his sad drunkenness, and it seemed Walter had found shelter for his insanity with the other twenty addicts at West Oaks. 
Walter was being discharged the next day, and Tom had him set up to be admitted into the halfway house.  Meeting with Walter and his mother to tackle some issues was the final step. 
Mrs. Rolson arrived early for the session.  She was a meticulously dressed woman with the full set of make up onbrown, thick base that gave a layer of flaky skin, blue eye shadow, chunky mascara and dark lipstick.  She went to the front office with her purse in front of her, and would periodically look into it as if something magical inside captivated her attention.  Her brown, leather purse was always in front of her, leading her everywhere, the straps held onto like the reins of a race horse. 
Tom gathered the Rolsons and led them both into his office.  He started the session by asking Mrs. Rolson to share the recent crisis events from her perspective.  She told stories of Walter sneaking out the window at night for bottles of vodka, and throwing up every morning.  Walter got drunk one time and was screaming in the backyard until the cops came by, and then told his mother that she was a stinking, filthy bitch like all of them.  She begged him to find a way to get into Rehab quicker, and she had to lock the liquor cabinet; but then Walter just unscrewed the cabinet locks with a Phillips-head screwdriver, drank all the liquor, and then filled all the bottles with water, including the dark rum.  She figured Walter was dead the day he lay next to his bed with a cut on his cheek, lying there all night while the small blood trickle mixed with the shot of whiskey.  Walt had fallen out of bed and his head had shattered the bedside whiskey glass--a shot of whiskey was put there every night for when hed waken with his heart racing and the sheets wet with cold sweat. 
She had kicked him out of her house with enough money for a hotel.  Fuck that, fuck a hotel, he had said as he gathered his tent and decided he was gonna live off the land.  Youll never see me again, was his closing statement, before he ran out the door. 
Days later, Mrs. Rolson had visited Walters favorite liquor store and found out where her son had made his new bed--back in the woods behind the First Baptist Church.  She visited him at his tent that day, walked up as he was shitting with his back up against a tree, and she saw her son with his pants down, just a savage, dark, dirty, and unshaven ape.  So she had rummaged through her purse and given him money for a meal, and Walt spent the twenty-dollar bill on two fifths of gin and a loaf of half-off Wonder bread. 
I left him at the tent like I was leaving his grave.  Mrs. Rolson concluded her story, clenching every muscle tightly. 
Walter was sitting deep in his chair and listening to his mother share her experience.  Small, red shaving bumps burned across his cheeks.  His quiet anger started to peel away as he listened to his mother talk.  His eyes showed he was thinking, getting bitter, and his new, squeaky voice tone rose from deep in his gut. 
I guess you dont want me around anymore, he mumbled.  Yep, its all my fault, he responded to her descriptions.  I guess youre not going to support me anymore after all Ive been through, he said, with his head to the ground. 
When they discussed the halfway house, Walter became animated. 
I dont understand, whats the difference?  Walter had a desperate, teary look in his eyes.  Why do I have to go there?  I can get a job and go to AA meetings anywhere.  Why cant I go back home?  I just want to go back home. 
You told me you wanted to go there, honey, his mom said, thats what we were all planning on.  Your counselor wants you to go.  You want to work, and you can work there, Walter.  There will be people there who are just like you.  She looked over at Tom.  This is why he has to go there, I think.  Right?
Yes, thats right, and because your mothers house, where you call home, is where you have been killing yourself.  Your mother already raised you and has supported you.  And you proved that when you stay there, you dont stay sober.  You cant go back, Walt, you have to move forward.  You have to have the courage to face things.  Going back to your moms is like going back to the tent. 
During the last few weeks in treatment, Walter had sat in therapy sessions agreeing to go to the halfway house, but it was now clear that he was trying to weasel his way back into his mothers house, and was terrified of entering the underworld of sponsors, sobriety, and AA meetings.  Son of a bitch, everythings real, would be endured for a while, but not forever. 
He had a divorce.  It was very hard.  Walters mother ran to his protection. 
Tom wondered which divorce was very hard.  Walters parents had split twenty years ago, and Mrs. Rolson had never moved on either.  This session is going wrong, Tom thought, and it was an ambush.  Walter knew his sad, but clean and sober, face would convince his mother to take him back.  He never had any intention of going to the halfway house.  Perhaps Tom should have had his own mother speak with Mrs. Rolson.  Toms mother had figured out how to move on, how to put one husband to rest and take in another.  Move away from your son, Mrs. Rolson, like my mother did, and let him stay here to get sober.  You are both parasites, Tom thought, both of you sucking at each other and filling the black hole of your sick needs. 
Yes, I know he had a divorce, Tom spoke, and hes not moving on.  Hes stuck; still stuck in the same things that caused the divorce.  He needs to grieve, and then to find out who he is beyond just his ex-wifes husband. 
Tom thought of asking for information about Walters father, Mr. Rolson.  Perhaps Mrs. Rolson was just upset she didnt get out of her marriage early like Walters wife did, or perhaps she wanted a Rolson man back home.  It was starting to look like psychological incest. 
But dont bother digging deeper, Tom then told himself, dont let these two turn up the volume again, its not worth it.  Just smile and pretend everythings okay. 
And did he tell you, Mrs. Rolson continued, looking in Walts direction, that his ex-wife is engaged to someone else?  Not the man who she had an affair with.  Another man. 
Walter looked down, and Tom expected to hear him make some comment about just wanting to die.  It would be the perfect time to get suicidal and guilt his mother into taking him home, but apparently the sad look was enough. 
If he goes back home hell be drunk in a week, Tom figured, and he wondered how much to push here.  Mrs. Rolson loved the drama of drunkenness.  She couldnt live without it.  Besides, Tom could do hours of work to get Walt to the safe and sober environment, a place where even James White was able to stay sober, but Walt would bail out the first day and cry his way back to his grade-school bedroom. 
Tom was pausing, staying quiet, letting these thoughts flow in and out of all corners of his mind.  Sad, poor Walter sat hanging onto the counselors every word.  His flabby beer gut had faded a bit over the past few weeks, his skin was more clear, and his eyes were less sad but more fearful. 
Well, Tom began, wherever Walter goes, he needs to do the same things to stay sober.  I think a halfway house is his best shot, and it was just a short while ago that both of you agreed with me.  Sure, its the harder choice, but the easier choice has been tearing apart both of you. 
The two sat, unconvinced.  Mrs. Rolson had her purse pulled tight against her chest and an unspoken alliance between the two Rolsons hung in the air.  Tom was being invalidated, silently castrated, and rendered irrelevant.  The two were just tolerating him now, and he had not a thing to offer to their life.  Tom wouldnt let that happen, he wouldnt let any hope for progress be aborted here in his gloomy, poorly painted, therapists office. 
My biggest concern, Walter and Mrs. Rolson, is the straight-out denial of how serious your problem is.  You drank away your marriage and then continued to drink.  You drank from the time you got up and kept drinking even after vomiting your guts out.  Youre a dope fiend, nothing can stop you.  Youd rather live in a tent like an animal and have your drink than to live in the sober world.  And remember just a few weeks ago, when you wanted to die, when you sat crying in my office.  But now it seems youre forgetting that pain, all those times are forgotten.  Like a few weeks has cured that inability you have to live life on lifes terms.  Sure, you can get a job and go to AA meetings.  But Walter Rolson doesnt do those things--uh-uh, hell no.  He gets drunk and makes promises. 
They both were listening now, aware that Tom was letting some things pour out that he had kept bottled up.  But he wasnt telling them anything that they didnt already know, he was just saying things that werent supposed to be spoken aloud. 
If your first decision to get yourself sober is cowardly going back, not forward--if it denies that you have to take extensive measures to join the world of the living, then the rest of your decisions are just gonna be more of the same.  Cowardice and drunkenness!  This isnt about just staying in a halfway house; its about deciding to live.  The stakes cant be any higher, Walter.  The halfway house is for people who want to stay sober.  Going back to where we came from is for people who want to drink.  You sound to me like someone who wants to drink.  I guess you are entitled to your own pain.  And when you pass out and are lying there, it will be your mother who will find your unconscious body. 
The three sat silent for a period, and Tom resisted the urge to say anything else.  He looked into their eyes for one, brief glimpse, wondered if he had spoken too loudly, and then looked down and studied the leather, brown purse.  It was their turn to respond.  But if the mother wanted to come in here and swoop up her child and bring the sick, little one home to take care of, that was up to her. 
And that was what she did, picking Walter up first thing the next morning with an exaggerated thankfulness to all the staff for how wonderful they were. 
So Tom moved on, put it behind him.  Back when Tom was drinking, nobody was going to stop him from getting drunk when he really wanted to.  His selfish compulsion couldnt be stopped by any damn therapist.  Many times he had convinced social workers and counselors that he was truly going to stay sober, but the whole time knowing hed be drunk again before the day was over.  All that had accomplished was to make his sick, quiet desperation really grow.  Nothing is more frightening than for a crazy man to convince a professional social worker that he is perfectly sane and doing okay.  Tom didnt want to be that guy to someone else, not today. 
Time alone in the office with the radio playing really softly, like background music, helped Tom recover quickly from the mild disappointment of the Rolson session.  Tom had been pulling out the safety measures and stopgaps for any oozing chaos that could slip through the cracks, and the Rolsons wouldnt break through.  He had been finishing his paperwork thoroughly and on-time, and had been eating his tuna-sandwich lunches faster.  The office was cleaner now, and the mirror was cleaned three times a week with Windex and a fresh paper towel.  The room wasnt going to look any different without new paint, and Tom found himself scanning the walls for how much masking-tape preparation he would need to do the job.  Maybe Christy the intern could help paint the office, Tom thought.  She has plenty of extra time.  He imagined Christy in old clothes smothered in paint, splotches of white drying in her hair.  Doing the task together would give Tom the opportunity to be the social-work mentor that she needed. 
Tom pushed himself up out of his chair and left his office to see if he could find Christy.  He figured a good mentor would spend some time with an intern and go over ideas for dealing with resistant clients like Walter Rolson.  Perhaps he could also look into her eyes and get the final nail of normalcy back, find some control after both of them had lost a child. 
Or maybe shell be crying on my shoulder over nightmares of an aborted fetus speaking to her, Tom thought, and trembling over the echoes of the gunshot that killed Hank Peterson, blasting her out of her nightmare to wake. 
But Christy wasnt anywhere to be found.  Instead, Tom ran into Desmond, who explained that Christy was preparing her final case summary.  Her internship was to be over soon, and she had to pick a sample client to present to her professor and demonstrate what she had learned while at West Oaks.  She certainly wont be picking Hank Peterson, Tom figured, but Christy seemed to be doing fine.  She wasnt hearing anything, no extra volume in her world. 
With extra time to let his mind wander and sit alone in his office, Tom drew a cartoon of a young girl in a sandbox.  The cartoon girl was digging with a tiny shovel, and beneath the sandbox was a cavernous underworld of fire and wild-eyed imps dancing among the roots from trees that grew downwards from the earth.  Tom added some turtles and snakes, and then some young children crawling in their diapers and sucking pacifiers.  The little, cartoon girls tongue was hanging out as she worked the shovel hard, just a few more scoops and she would break through to this underground cavern.  Tom drew a few pebbles tumbling down onto the underworld creatures, stirred up by the girls digging, and a young dog yipping in the air.  The poor, stray dogs were sheltered there, taken in by his old client James White, and were sitting in the underworld howling up at their owners. 
These concerted efforts at quietness and conscious attempts at distractions helped Tom keep the schizophrenic voices silent as he went about his work week.  And after work each day, hed come home to breathe in the joyful air from his newly rescued shelter dog, Albert.  Albert was a bundle of beauty, and Patty loved to watch her husband and the dog play together.  They wrestled on the carpet and the dog put his fangs around Toms arms, but wouldnt press down too hard and always kept it playful.  When Tom moved about the house, Alberts eyes followed his every move, in anticipation of a play session or a glorious belly rub.  The dog had become a disciple and had found a savior.  If Tom were to ever leave the room, the patter of the black fur would be close behind. 
Tom undressed for the night with Albert watching.  Hed loosen his tie, feeling the air move more freely into his lungs, and then loosen his belt as the day was unraveled with his stuffy clothes.  And it was when his belt was taken off that Albert first ran away from Tom--ran with quick legs and fear out of the room and down the hallway.  Tom watched as the dog made the fearful sprint out of the room and looked at the brown belt in his hand, listened to the jingle of the belt buckle, and was discovering residual traces of Alberts previous owner.  The dog was scared of belts.  Albert had clearly been beaten or whipped in the past, and Tom and Patty would undo their belts in private from then on. 
Chapter Twenty-two
A West Oaks Thursday morning: Tom sat in his office, khaki pants still free of wrinkles and his mouth still warm from coffee, and took an inventory of what needed to be done that day.  A forty-five-year-old, softball-playing, alcoholic guy, a twenty-three-year-old, skinny crackhead just out of jail, and a heroin addict who called himself the vein-slayer were just a few of the clients on Toms current caseload who were expecting to meet with him for a counseling session.  West Oaks clients typically loved the attention of their individual counseling sessions.  If nothing else, it was the chance to be heard, to be called by their first name, and to speak to another human being whose focus was entirely on them. 
Tom paced around his office, taking three strides from one side to the next, and couldnt decide with whom to meet, so instead decided to call his mother.  It had been a month since he had spoken with her, so he called her from his office that morning. 
The phone rang twice, and Tom fully expected the call to go to voicemail, when a man answered.  It was Darryl. 
Hi Tom! How are you?
Im good, thanks. 
Great.  Great to hear it.  Well, your mother isnt here right now, but she should be back soon.  Can I take a message? "
Darryl was fully moved in now, not even pretending to just be visiting and picking up the phone, but cohabiting with Toms mother with it all out in the open. 
Yeah Darryl, just tell her I called and Im at work.  Ill call her later. 
She should be back soon, probably in about fifteen minutes.  Maybe sooner--probably sooner. 
All right, just tell her I called. 
Will do! But hey, Tom.  While I got you on the line here.  You know that I love your mother, right.  I mean, I guess Ive never told you, but I know she has told you about us.  And shes told me a lot about you.  Well, I just wanted to say that Im real proud of what you do.  I think its great.  And with all that youve been through, you know that your mother is real proud too.  You know that, right?
Well, thanks Darryl.  I appreciate it. 
It must be real rewarding, Tom.  Every day you must realize you are changing lives.  I wish I had done a job that was making a difference.  Yeah, Tom, its real hard sometimes to make a difference.  I guess you know that. 
Tom wanted to see what this man looked like and what he was wearing.  A bald, white man was all that he could picture. 
Well, Tom spoke, it does sometimes make a difference.  Other times its just real hard.  But its good work.  Families are affected.  And remembering where I came from helps to keep me sober. 
That sounded good, thought Tom, but Darryl continued to speak as if he hadnt heard anything. 
You know, Tom, your mothers been through a lot.  Shes been through a lot with your fathers drinking.  I know your father was an alcoholic, too.  Youve seen that, you know that. 
An electric shock went through Toms brain.  He grabbed a pen and began forcefully drawing a crisscross design on a Post-It note, sure that Darryl would feel this bubbling rage and never mention Toms father again. 
Its so great that youve stayed sober, Tom, and stopped the whole cycle of alcoholism.  But I know its a disease and from everything Ive heard its partly genetic. 
Darryl gave a deep sigh.  It was a familiar, talking-with-your-friend sigh. 
But I think you would know all that, Darryl continued.  I got an alcoholic brother who I wish could stay sober.  I told him all about you.  I told him I was going to meet a regular, substance-abuse counselor who used to be an alcoholic.  Or I guess they call it a recovering alcoholic.  But my brother just wont stop drinking.  I wish he could do what you did.  But most people cant.  No matter what, most people just cant stop it. 
Darryl paused, and Tom tried to interrupt, but Darryls voice just got louder. 
Its great that your kids wont be affected by your drinking Tom.  Let me say it again, and we both know all of that, and your mother knows it.  Your mother told me how your dads drinking just progressed.  She gets real sad about it.  I guess it killed your grandfather, too. 
Its killing all of us Cleaves, Tom wanted to scream, but its something you shouldnt talk about.  But Darryl was talking about everything, and it was clear he wasnt the kind of man to just fake his way through things when they visited next month.  Darryl would want to talk about stuff his family never mentioned.  It was apparent that Toms mom had found some mix of an Iron John and a self-aware, sensitive man that her previous husband could never be.  Tom had assumed they were just a static, plastic couple, happy to spend each others money, fill prescriptions, go to flea markets, and look for breakfast specials in the busy, Florida strip malls.  But perhaps he was wrong and it was so much more.  Perhaps he wouldnt even recognize the woman who was called his mother and was to visit next month, and his inherited orphan status would feel complete. 
When they finally hung up, Tom imagined Darryl relaying the details of the phone call to his mother we talked all about his old dad and his evil, alcoholic ways and all agreed that the newly sober version of Tom and his new step-dad would just erase the memories of all the other men in your life, is that okay?
Tom and his new step-dad, Darryl. 
Darryl was already the new husband, and it sounded like his mom had told Darryl everything.  Perhaps confiding in Darryl helped ease his mothers regrets and the unfinished, empty feeling her previous life had left her with.  She probably told Darryl the pain and joy she had gone through being married to a drunken car salesman, and Darryl listened attentively like a good counselor might listen.  If so, Darryl had heard stories of late Thursday nights made later by Thursday night bar visits, and Friday mornings calling in with the flu.  He had heard about a car salesman who provided for his family, helped to send his son through a community college, and whose inheritance sent Tom through a Masters in Social Work program. 
Perhaps she even told Darryl what it was like when Mr. Cleaves was hot and the cars were selling.  A good month by the Cleaves car salesman meant extra parties and perhaps a new toy such as satellite TV, a whirlpool for the back patio, or a weekend RV trip.  These gifts were meant to speak loudly for the man who was quiet at home, but shook hands with power in the metallic, new car lots. 
Tom remembered visiting the car lot and his dad letting him sit in the front seat of whichever car he wanted, and then sitting on his dads lap at his desk and seeing his picture next to the Sales Associate of the Month award.  The only picture of his mother on the desk was of the RV trip to the Grand Canyon where she was cooking a fish dinner in the frying pan, a fish straight from the Colorado River that the Cleaves boy had brought home. 
Tom wondered how much actual visiting his mom would really do when she visited next month.  Last visit she looked so Florida.  A retiree tan was spread across her body like a permanent blush.  Patty would enjoy the visit, or at least be able to fake it so well it would seem as such.  The two women would talk about parenting, about fertility and baby formula, and maybe take a tour of the potential nursery and pick paint colors.  Patty would laugh a bit louder than usual and her voice would force an enthusiasm that only a husband could notice and appreciate.  Tom would be stuck making conversation with his new step-dad, Darryl. 
Family ghosts follow me everywhere, Tom thought, and he left his office.  It was time to go have a session with a client and try to make a difference; but first a trip to the bathroom. 
Tom walked down the hallway passing the little serenity posters and AA slogans pinned to the wall.  He looked forward to the solitude of the bathroom, letting go of all of his waste, getting clean and starting anew, but when he entered, the feces smell of another staff member filled the air.  It was a rotten, ground-beef kind of foul that the country bliss air freshener couldnt suffocate.  Covering his mouth, Tom still felt the scent land on his tongue and a sickening sense of actually tasting the human waste forced him take short breaths.  One hand cupped his nose and mouth while the other hand slid the window open.  The rush of outside air brought with it the voices of the clients out back who were taking a smoke break.  Tom breathed in slowly, filling his lungs while trying to filter out the odor.  It was then that he heard the voice of the ancient heroin wizard, grizzled and deep.  It was Jason Boston, Jr.s father.  Toms heart shot a glob of fear through his temples that exploded in waves through his brain. 
Hell yeah, Ill give you a cigarette, the voice spoke.  I got plenty, cant even smoke in these damn detox rooms.  Here you go, have two, one for later. 
Tom held his breath deep in his lungs and stood completely motionless, half expecting a seizure to overcome him.  The voice he remembered from the funeral put him into a meditative stillness. He moved his ear closer to the window screen.  Every muscle tightened to stop him from taking a piss lest the noise might make the outside clients quiet down or move away.  Could that really be him?  What the fuck, here it is happening again, voices.  But wait, just listen and wait.  The next noise would erase these fears, return things to normal and he could then go home to Albert and let him lick this moment away forever. 
You ever been on these pills they give me, these Darvocets dont do a damn thing do they?  This place is strange man, strangest place I ever been.  Lots of guys here, just like jail, I guess.  Fucking nuts.  Mixed nuts mother fuckers--and Im the biggest nut of the bunch, the big, fucking, salty walnut. 
It was him, it was indeed Jason Boston, Sr.  The deep, grizzled voice reverberated in his chest, and Tom pulled his ear from the window and unzipped to pee.  The stream was full, and his brain thought to the hum of the flowing water, feeling the rush of the urine slosh as his mind got ready for what to do next. 
Just go sneak a look outside, go walk out back and look, Tom thought.  If its him, he wont be staying; hell be leaving, too, like his son did.  Hes just returning to the scene of the crime, perhaps a one-day, grand plan to escape his heroin world and get sober like his son couldnt.  But all that would change once a few days of discomfort hit.  Just ride this out, Tom told himself, Rope-A-Dope.  Just hang by the ropes and wait for your opponent to grow fatigued, because he will tire while hes trying to beat your brains out, just keep your brains intact and take the beating for now, you can outlast them, youre stronger as long as youre patient. 
Tom flushed the toilet and opened the door to the hallway just as the intern, Christy, was grabbing for the handle.  Their eyes met and Tom froze in fear.  He imagined the lingering stench meeting her nose, filling her airways and her lungs, and Tom was the smoking gun.  I read your journal Christy; dont say a word about me, I know you fucked a client of ours and then went off and aborted the baby--dont even think this is my stink in here.  He gave her a quick smile and walked right by, straight to the nurses station, figuring he could waste some time there and wait for the clients to return from their smoke break.  The clients in detox would have to walk by the nurses station, and it was the perfect place to be on the lookout for any sign of Jason Boston, Sr. 

Before Tom could find a safe place for cover, Mr. B appeared.  He was dressed in a deep-brown suit with stiff tie and vest, a chain hanging from his stickpin to his pocket, and his face shaven to sick perfection.  A tiny, but thick, strand of nose hair stuck out his nostril.  Tom looked at the nose hair, looked away, and then back again as Mr. B spoke. 
Hey Tom, he said with his hand placed on Toms shoulder, you probably have heard that Jason Bostons dad was admitted to detox this morning.  How do you feel about having him on your caseload?  Its up to you.  The way I see it, theres some advantages but also some possible problems.  I can assign him to Desmond or Bill, but it might make for an interesting challenge for you, interesting for both you and the client.  A fascinating case, really. 
Oh shit, what to tell him.  No, it wont be a good idea, too much baggage there Mr. B.  But thanks anyways, let Bill take him. 
Hes really here.  God, thats incredible.  Thats great that hes doing something.  After all that happened and hes finally doing something about it.  What a legacy that family has. 
Tom shook his head with dramatic awe for Mr. B to witness and felt a strange bit of relief.  Those werent schizophrenic hallucinations he was hearing out the window, they were real.  But how to say no to Mr. B and keep free of being sucked back into the Boston legacy without looking like a coward to the Boss? 
Just then, some clients began shuffling down the hallway, one leading the pack and making a mad dash to the nurses station. 
Hey nurses, nurses!  Can I get some help around here?  Can I get some help around here?  It was the leathery-skinned Jason Boston, Sr., wearing a black, Harley Davidson tank top and hospital scrubs. 
You must have forgot about my med time or something.  I need some things to put me to sleep.  I got demons crawling all over me, little fuckin spider demons making me sick.  You dont understand man, its killing me, its killing me!
The nurses stood back from the counter, rolling their eyes and ignoring his pleas.  Tom pursed his lips shut, and slightly bowed his head.  Let someone else handle this, he thought, dont let him recognize me, I dont work here, I wasnt your sons counselor, dont blame me that he died, dont recognize me from the funeral. 
Hey man, you can help me out, you look like you can. 
He was addressing Mr. B, eyes scanning his shoes and three-piece suit. 
You must be a doctor.  I need some help, man.  You took an oath, right.  Nobody wants to help me around here.  Mr. Bostons skin was tough and wrinkly over his body.  Pox marks lined his arms, tattoos stretched about him.  Here he is, the father of the changeling. 
Welcome Mr. Boston.  We are all here to help you.  Nurses, counselors, doctors, everybody.  This place is right for you.  Youre just having a rough time right now.  The nurses here are extremely competent and know what they are doing.  You will be treated well and taken care of--you are in good hands, try and relax.  Detoxification wont be easy but the doctors and nurses have been doing this for years and know how to take care of you. 
Come on, man.  You just dont know, man.  Its driving me crazy.  I get crazy sometimes and throw shit.  I do weird shit.  I cant help it, you can still give me something more, you know that.  I want to get better.  I want to, Im done with drugs, Im through.  Im just asking for help, just a little bit to stop me from going completely crazy.  I know you got some Valium or Vicodin or something to help me.  None of you guys understand what its like, you just dont understand. 
Actually, Mr. Boston, our staff members do know what its like, they do understand.  I know youre very uncomfortable, but they have helped many people just like yourself.  They are professional, so try and trust them.  Mr. B was using his hands to talk, speaking as if lecturing a college classroom, and he motioned to Tom.  And many of our staff are also addicts themselves who have learned how to stay sober.  All of our therapists are recovering addicts who have been through what you have been through, believe it or not, and are here to help.  They will help you if you let them.  Tom, here, is one of our therapists, and it looks like you will be on his caseload. 
Tom felt the eyes of the senior changeling turn his way.  The look was an invitation to duel, so Tom pulled a confident smile from his gut and waited to parry with his new client. 
The senior Boston spoke to him directly.  So youre going to help me out of this.  Youre going to help me.  I need help, man.  If youve been here then maybe you know.  I got these fucking, crazy, mother-fucking pains all pulling at me.  I got to get rid of them.  I havent slept, skins crawling, just crawling like mad.  I got to do something.  And youre gonna help me because Im through with using as long as I can sleep and stop feeling like this.  Im sick, real, real sick, maybe youve been sick before.  But maybe you can find a way to make it easier, huh, you know what I need, eh?  Lets talk later when everyones not around, how about that?
Well, Mr. Boston, Tom replied, you are still in detox, but you are free to join group, or to ask to come to my office.  I probably cant do what youre asking, but the important thing for you is not to leave treatment early, and just ride this out.  Things will get better, be patient.  Heroin guys like yourself sometimes bail out early, so please dont do that, okay?
Im trying, man, but youre my therapist, right, so you can talk to people, to the nurses, thats your job to help me medically detox.  They told me when I called in to get funding that you gave me meds when I need them. 
Mr. Boston was shaky and nearly nude in his tank top and scrubs, unashamed of his odor and black, scraggly hair and yellow skin--skin that was scribbled on with crosses and eagles, snakes and skulls.  Black tiny dots like Braille were tattooed on his fingers, and brown slippers covered his skinny feet.  The feet seemed to be in pain from holding too much weight, causing Mr. Boston to rock back and forth.  Remnants of his lost sons eyes dangled deep inside his dark sockets, but had been perverted and aged to exhaustion. 
The nurses sat back from the counter listening, eavesdropping on what kind of support the counseling staff was giving them.  They documented in charts, chewed their gum with speed, and deleted the chatter of the whiny client before it reached their minds.  Tom knew he could check the chart and find every pill documented as prescribed by the doctor.  Vitals would be recorded in his chart, confirming the client was in no danger.  Mr. B stood over everything, waiting for it to be over so he could disappear again in his office. 
You know, I should tell you that I know some things about you, Mr. Boston; I should let you know weve seen each other before.  I was your sons therapist when he was here, and Ive talked with your ex-wife before.  And I was at the funeral last month. 
Tom hoped this would distract the wizard from the drug-seeking spell he was trying to cast. 
Mr. Boston, I know what youve been through and I think it takes a lot of courage to be here.  Your son would want you to be here, and he would want you to deal with this detox misery.  Each minute you deal with it is a blessing, a miracle.  Mr. Boston was listening intently now, his back hunching over and his gaze getting softer.  Tom felt energy build and excitement start to fire in his belly.  He could feel Mr. B watching him, and now it was his turn to quiet the whiny wizard of smack and start the exorcism of demons. 
This detox pain is nothing.  I know it feels like you want to rip your skin off, but its nothing.  I know youve done it many times before and you can do it again.  The sick thing is you will probably be getting high the day you leave here unless you change everything about yourself.  And it starts now, trusting others instead of being all dramatic about this, thinking youre different than everyone else in detox that will wait for their meds and not be so self-centered.  Youre not different, so just stay through detox and deal with it instead of begging for more pills.  And please, dont even think of leaving treatment early.  Remember, the hard part is afterwards, and thats when I can help.  It might not seem like it, but we are here for you.  We can help you learn how to live and find a life worth living without getting high.  You need to deal with some major sadness and years of chaos and some real hurt--but right now youre just a heroin wimp, Mr. Boston, just a heroin wimp.  And I dont want to go to your funeral, too, so try and keep yourself calm and trust this will be over in a few days. 
Tom swallowed hard, looked the demon in the eye, and smiled.  That last part about the funeral may have been too tough, thought Tom, but the rest was good, it felt good and even captured the Boston mans attention. 
All right, man, okay.  Youre my counselor. 
So Tom shook Mr. Bostons hand; he was his counselor, the decision was made and Mr. B was going to have the fascinating case that he wanted all along.  Tom had treated pairs of siblings at different times, cousins and uncles, and even an old, high-school associate, but never father and son. 
Ill be in touch, Mr. Boston.  Just hang in there.  Well talk soon.  Well talk for a long time as soon as youre done with detox.  Get some warm towels, take slow, deep breaths, and remember it will get better.  You can count on that.  Well talk soon. 
Mr. Boston shuffled off to his room, his loose, flip-flop slippers being dragged down the tile floor.  The air cleared and Mr. B smiled at Tom and marched off in the other direction.  Tom stood quiet and alone, wondering if the father would survive where his child did not.  
Chapter Twenty-three
James wiped the moisture off the mirror to shave, looking at his face in the circle hed wiped clean.  The circle was small, and a bit too low, and James had to hunch over to get his face centered in the clear part of the mirror.  The moisture hung thick on his beard stubble and the shaving cream stuck on his face like cotton on steel wool.  The shaving strokes were smooth and didnt cause a spot of the usual red-dotted blood, and James felt that somehow he had been sucked into the most perfect world imaginable.  Somehow, everything was made perfect overnight and James narrator had written him into a golden, ecstatic fairy tale. 
He was meeting Ra at the shelter today for their Saturday afternoon date.  She was driving, but James did not want to be picked up at the halfway house, so he casually suggested they meet at noon.  James had made up a lie about needing to go to the bank anyway, and it would be just as easy to meet at the Argos Animal Shelter.  She knew he was living in a halfway house, and probably even knew he was embarrassed, but she respected James invisible pride. 
James rubbed his palm across his face, feeling for any missed facial stubble.  Aftershave splashed across his cheeks, making his pores tingle and tighten. 
They were going on a hike at the State Park.  James would have to pick something earthy to wear, so he grabbed his heavy shoes, his long, khaki shorts with lots of pockets, and his short-sleeved, gray t-shirt that he felt flowed nicely over his body. 
He stopped at the ATM to get some money on the way to the shelter.  (He wasnt really lying to Ra, after all.)  He entered his code, 4286, his address from back at the farm, and took out forty dollars of the two hundred he had in savings, telling himself whatever he spent on Ra would be worth it. 
4286 East Territorial Drive.  That was the address where James grew up, and the drive up to the state park might take them right by the farm, depending on which way Ra drove.  James had only been back home one time in the last five years.  He had snuck into the house two years ago when his dad was away, getting in by climbing onto the roof and prying open the bedroom window that couldnt lock.  Hed then gathered the rest of his clothes and stolen a pair of his dads shoes.  Driving by today, James might be able to sneak a glance from the road.  Perhaps he would see his father on the front porch while the hired hands were out back transferring the turkeys from the heat lamps to open acres, or filing them in to have them slaughtered and cleaned. 
What would he tell Ra as they drove by, if they drove by?  Just sneak a glance and dont say a word, James told himself, sneak a quick glance and let the quick snapshot of the farm burn in your memory banks.  Just make sure your dad doesnt see you driving by. 
James got to Argos on time, but Ras green Jeep Wrangler was not yet in the parking lot.  Part-time workers took the Saturday shifts, and James locked up his bike near a tree, feeling like a foreigner.  He looked across the pavement and saw a man with a blue duffel bag over his shoulder walk with his head down toward the West Oaks Recovery Centers front door.  James remembered the quiet weekend afternoons at West Oaks, playing euchre, watching college football, and a heavy feeling of sadness like that a nursing-home resident must feel.  He remembered wallowing in his continued failures, too scared to get back into the real world, but as good as dead or comatose by staying in treatment.  But today here he was, going on living while others were dragging themselves into the purgatory of West Oaks Recovery Center. 
Ra pulled into the parking lot, spotted James, and parked nearby, getting out with a confident spring.  She had on a white, sleeveless sweater top revealing her slender, brown arms and a pair of denim shorts that were snug about her hips.  James saw her smooth, brown legs and imagined her shaving this morning too, perhaps shaving carefully while thinking of her afternoon date.  As she greeted James, she grabbed his elbow.  It was a happy, Saturday afternoon greeting that was different than any he would get on a work day. 
They stood silently outside of the shelter.  Dark clouds rolled overhead, casting shadows over the parking lot, and sliced the sunshine into scattered, single beams of light.  You know what, Ras eyes lit up, lets take one of them with us.  Lets take a dog with us.  What do you think?  James figured it was a decision made rather than a question asked. 
The regular shelter supervisor would not be in today, and Ra went into the shelter herself to pick out their dog for the day.  She emerged with a long-legged, red, shaggy dog, whose tail swayed like an erect pendulum.  The dogs eyes were sad, its mind still wondering why it wasnt at home, and its tongue hung outside of its mouth while saliva glistened on black lips.  The boxer they had walked last week was adopted a day later, but this dog was much less noble.  It was a mix of unknown breeds, creating knobby legs, a bony shoulder plate, and a coat whose fur seemed to be fighting with itself for which direction to grow. 
She was just brought in yesterday.  Dumped here by her family.  Madison is her name.  Ra rubbed the dogs head and then whispered in James ear, And I am not sure shes gonna make it.  You know, big, long tail, old, sheds a lot, and not cute enough. 
It seemed the weekend brought out a different part of Ra.  She was like the public now, on the outside of the shelter life and looking in. 
Come on, Madison. 
And they got into the Wrangler. 
Madison sat in the back but with her head held up high between the car seats as they drove.  Ra played a folk-music CD and had both windows partly rolled down.  James felt the wind rustling his hair, peeked at Ras exposed thighs, and softly bobbed his head to the acoustics.  They talked about soccer, movies, late-night talk shows and stupid lawn ornaments as the jeep jittered with each passing bump.  Madison looked out the window, exhausted with excitement, and James scratched the red, matted fur on her head. 

Here, you pick the next one, said Ra, handing James a travel pack of CDs. 
James looked through the selection that had Indian music from Asha Bhosle and Ravi Shankar mixed in.  Should I ask to listen to this? James asked himself.  What two separate worlds they were from.  Ra wouldnt even recognize the music James listened to. 
James remembered getting drunk at a concert in the state fairgrounds not far from the northern countryside toward which they were headed.  It was a loud, heavy-metal festival of six bands, the crowd jamming in a wave of humanity, and James had felt like a single drop of water in the massive crowd, fueled by energy and waves of the crashing music.  He must have eventually passed out and was awoken at 4 a.m. by a security guard.  His wallet was gone, had been stolen from his pocket, and he had walked outside of the state fairgrounds, vomited, and gone back to sleep under a pine tree until the sun rose. 
But here he was with Ra, on a Saturday afternoon, driving with the windows rolled down and on their way to hike through the trees.  He handed her a Neil Young CD. 
You know, James, with all youve told me about your alcoholism, if you are ever having a problem, if you feel yourself slipping, you can talk to me about it, I hope you know that. 
Yes, yes.  I do believe that. 
Really, just call me.  Say hey, Rachel, Im messed up, or something like that--it would probably be hard to know what to say, but I will do whatever I can. 
She called herself Rachel.  Why Rachel?  Perhaps on Saturdays she was Rachel.  When she was away from the shelter she was Rachel. 
All right.  Thanks for the support.  Ill call you every single day then.  Actually, things are so much better this time.  Im not sure why.  Im terrified of what would happen if I drink again, but Im also not forcing it.  Just letting things happen.  Its like it wants to happen this time, and Im just letting it. 
Ahhh, Zen and the art of staying sober.  The Tao of Animal control.  The secret is not to rescue the stray, the secret is to be the stray and realize it is you who must be rescued.  Ra laughed at herself.  James, its really great what youre doing.  I hope it doesnt sound condescending to say Im proud of you.  And Im sure your mom would be proud of you too if she were alive. 
She was right about that, James thought, his mother would be proud, but it would have been after years and years of disappointment.  Mom was better off dead than dealing with the men in her life, the bitter, abandoning husband and her lost son.  Perhaps Ra was scared of the risk she was taking by getting involved too, but it didnt show. 
James noticed that Ra had taken the expressway north before shooting east, and wasnt going the way of the county roads.  They wouldnt be driving by the farm this way, and James feelings were mixed with regret and relief. 
I went to a concert up this way once, James said.  It was this crazy, head-banging festival.  Of course I was stinkin drunk.  I slept out there for a whole night, walked home in the morning.  I grew up out this way. 
Hmmm.  Well, I was gonna get married out here once.  Ra paused and let the info sink in.  Yep, I was engaged to be married once.  We were even planning the wedding, this big, outdoor affair.  Ive never seen my mom so proud.  I called it off, of course, thank God.  He was a pre-med student, an Indian boy with a big Indian family.  And I was going to go away with him while he finished medical school out west. 
Sounds like an okay deal to me; what happened?
It was just me pretending I was all grown up.  He was older and trying to rescue me.  I was supposed to worship everything he did.  And the crazy thing is, I did for a while.  Worshipped and turned my whole life over to him.  But then I realized I didnt come all the way to this country to just to be somebodys wife.  That would have been too easy.  Im here for something bigger, so I started school myself in vet science and got this job, and here we are. 
It must have been hard to break it off. 
No, he knew it was coming.  And his family felt like I was an outsider too, being adopted and having white parents, so I think they were relieved.  Funny thing is, I think he wanted an outlet from his own culture and I gave him that.  He was great, real ambitious, but I had to let him go instead of hanging on to his coattails.  So Im okay about it.  I really am.  I plan to keep going on in school, developing population-control programs, and Im really enjoying work. 
Ras voice was muffled by the rushing, freeway wind.  She put the windows up and her voice became less fractured. 
I dont know if you see it this way, but it feels to me like when were at work, we are like the inside of a clock sometimes, you know, the intricate complicated parts you cant see.  Me and you are the complicated pieces that people dont see, they dont want to see what goes on, they just want the clock to work. 
Ra stopped talking but James kept listening, waiting for her voice to continue and holding his breath until she spoke. 
So, I guess Im finding new parts of myself that are finally growing now.  Just like you said, Im letting them grow now because they want to grow.  It makes me feel special.  Im starting to think that there are some special things about me that can see things real deep.  Things I probably couldnt see if I had stayed in India somehow, or married a man from India just because.  I can see behind the face of the clock.  And I dont mind living and working there either. 
Yeah, you can, Ra.  You really can.  And I think people can feel that.  The dogs can feel that.  It kinda scared me at first.  But there are not many people who can do what you do without being bitter.  Working at the shelter, putting the animals down like you have to do a couple of times a week.  It's amazing that you get by. 
James thought of the red-furred Madison in the back seat who was now curled up in a matted ball.  If things went as expected, Ra might be injecting her with the blue sodium pentobarbital on Monday or Tuesday.  Dont think about the injections in front of her, Ra would say; sure, she cant hear you but she can feel you.  We are all flowing in and out of each other all the time. 
Well, I do feel very much alive, James.  Madisons alive.  And youre alive, and life is for the living, just got to cherish it.  You seem to do that James, like everythings new and fresh to you, not putting on a false face for anyone.  I could see that right away. 
The small bits of blue sky were fading now, and the sunbeams were completely covered by the blanket of gray clouds.  James felt his chest loosening, the ideas flowing, and he wanted to keep talking.  But he was scared that maybe he had fooled Ra.  Maybe he had fooled her with the mask of sanity.  Or perhaps she could see beyond the mask to the complicated inside.  Or perhaps the mask was no mask at all. 
Ra switched the CD off and turned on the radio.  They drove through the changing landscape.  Suburban strip malls and subdivisions were giving way to open fields.  Billboards for truck stops, adult-video stores, and massage parlors were plastered along the sides of the highway.  A sign gave them direction, six miles to Elmhurst State Park, and Ra took the exit.  Turning into the state park, Madison sensed they were getting close to somewhere and perked up her head.  Her ears stood on end and her tail wriggled back and forth. 
They parked the Jeep Wrangler and got out of the car into the nearly empty parking lot.  The threatening weather had kept people away.  Madison sat still as Ra secured the nylon rope she used for a leash around the dogs neck.  The dog began sniffing the ground frantically as soon as it was attached.  Ra and James grabbed a water bottle and walked to the hiking trailhead with the dog alongside. 
They walked side-by-side on the root-covered trail, holding hands.  It was cooler in the trail through the trees, but lifting their thighs up the rolling hills got their blood pumping faster and sweat beaded on their foreheads.  Ra let go of the leash to see if Madison would run away, but the dogs tall, lanky legs just zigzagged across the trail without moving out of eyesight.  The leash dangled off the dogs neck while she roamed free. 
Kind of strange we're worried about Madison running off, considering the circumstances.  Maybe it would be best for her, said James. 
Yeah, and I think she knows somethings not right. 
They walked through the single-track trail and watched Madisons excitement grow.  The dog ran up the trail frantically and then circled back, sniffed their feet with gratitude, and then scouted ahead.  James grabbed sticks and threw them up the trail and Madison ran after them, but got distracted by a squirrel running up a tree or the scent of a long-gone rabbit. 
Five miles in, and then it started to rain.  They could hear the big droplets hitting the trees and the air pressure changed like in an airplane on a too-quick descent.  The rain could not yet be felt, but the frequency of the drops could be heard getting faster and faster, landing on the green leaves of the trees above.  Madison looked at both of them as if waiting for their response. 
Uh-oh. 
James held out his palms to the sky. 
Here it comes. 
The buckets began to pour now, big drops bashing faster and splashing up in puddles upon the ground.  Foliage from the trees couldnt provide enough cover as the showers were sucked to the earth faster and bigger, the pitter-patter of the drops turning into crashes of waves upon rocks. 
Ra and James picked up their pace and trotted alongside Madison as if they could outrun the storm.  James felt his shoes getting heavy with moisture as they ran down the trail, rolling over roots and jumping over rocks.  His sopping-wet hair straightened and hung over his eyebrows and dripped down his face.  The shirt on his back was thick and sticky. 
They ran through the forest giggling, and James remembered the hose back at the shelter and how he had wanted to grab it and spray Ra all over.  He had imagined them wrestling in the water, and now it was happening for real, and the rain was refreshing.  By the spring in Ras step, James could tell she wasnt worried about getting wet or dirty. 
Madison ran with them, probably the happiest of the three, making big strides and looking back to make sure she was on the right path.  After getting many yards ahead of Ra and James, the dog stopped and shook her coat, and then continued on, her big paws collecting mud from the trail. 
Their lungs were becoming bankrupt and Ra motioned to a large tree just off the trail where they stopped for cover, rain still smacking them sideways in the wind.  They couldnt outrun the storm. 
James looked at Ras wet hair and her smiling face.  She was happy that this was happening, happy to be lost under the showers with her two mates, and her shirt clung tightly to her chest, her breasts deeply outlined by the wet, clinging shirt.  Her dark nipples could be seen outlined in the white, sleeveless top.  She was breathing hard from the run, and her chest heaved as she tried to catch her breath between her giggling laughter.  James felt his blood flowing, his eyes captured by Ra and his soul glimpsing at her, wanting to pull her into him, grasp onto her and capture every bit of her body.  He imagined running the palms of his hands over her, taking her life into his and entering her.  Her smile might be the same as his hands touched her, but their pulse would accelerate and the pent up energy would thunder and spark. 
Dont notice her wet, see-through top, James told himself, you could screw this all up, just keep smiling and running through the rain like two playful children with their dog. 
Oh God, was this all gonna get pulled away somehow?  Was he being toyed with by some weird experiment to see how much love and joy and lust someone could be teased with?  No, not today.  Ra was the name of the Egyptian sun god and this coincidence was just Gods way of staying anonymous.  God is your narrator, you just got to play your part.  And here you are looking at Ras long, wet hair teasing her eyebrows, looking into her eyes as she squints to see through the rain. 
James moved closer to her.  He put his hands above her head, as if this might stop her from getting any wetter.  They were both still giggling and making soft, little sighs of shock as the drenching continued.  The smile spread warmly across her face, her big eyes wide, and she moved herself forward, looking for protection from the downpour.  Ra pulled herself into James for cover, falling in, and they felt the meeting of their lips with rain pouring down their cheeks.  James felt a rush through his spine, felt the softness of her lips, smelled her body fresh in the wet air, and put his hand on her cheek.  The flesh of his palm was a warm contrast against the chilly rain. 
Crazy, crazy!  Ra pulled herself away, screeching joyfully.  What are we gonna do now?  She put her arms up in the raining air, dancing ecstatically. 
I guess just go to the car.  It should only be a couple of miles away.  It should blow over soon. 
She was brown and wet and James didnt care if they ever moved.  They could just embrace for hours.  James wanted to smell her flesh in each raindrop while the wind and tornadoes tore the trees from their roots.  Nothing could stop James from ravaging the mystical Ra who had nursed him back to health. 
Chapter Twenty-four
The rain continued, and they walked slowly now, with no reason to run and no escape, and by the time they reached the end of the trail, just the leaves were still dripping drops and the sky had settled.  They took off their mud-covered boots and socks in the empty parking lot and put them in the back of the Jeep.  They felt their thighs getting sticky and clammy as they sat in the car seats. 
I guess we should go straight home now, Ra decided.  Were soaked. 
Soaked through and through.  James agreed.  Aint that right, Madison?  I know a quicker way home though, more scenic at least. 
All right; perhaps we can stop somewhere and dry off. 
Ra started the engine and leaned over to kiss James quickly.  She held her head still for an instant and stared into James eyes before driving off with a smile.  James was smiling, too, all over.  They were smearing mud all over the car seat and the smell of musty, wet, dog hair hung in the car.  Ra had by now noticed her nearly see-through top and held her elbows in front of her chest as they drove off. 
It was then that James realized that today was the first time he had ever kissed a girl sober, the first time he had ever done much of anything sober. 
He also realized how different he was from the man Ra had once been engaged to.  James was the exact opposite of the med student with a big family, a big Indian family, and with huge ambitions.  To marry him wouldve been a great investment, but instead Ra was slumming it with the mutt down the street.  But she likes mutts, James realized; she loves and cherishes mutts.  I was just lucky enough to show up on her doorstep. 
They drove back, and James directed her toward the open county roads.  The county road was a two-lane highway and took them through cows grazing on open fields and big farmhouses with American flags out front.  The windows were rolled down and the freshly wet air filled the Jeep.  The colors were vivid and liquid and the dark clouds were gone.  A fresh, silvery grayness hung in the post-summer-rain air.  Madison sat exhausted in the back seat, her hike just a quick reprieve from her life on death row. 
The scene hung like a painting as they approached 4286 East Territorial Drive. 
Hey, this is where I used to live right up here.  Can we slow down so I can check it out?
Ra didnt say a word but slowed the car to a cruise in the fifty-five-mile-per-hour speed zone.  From afar, James saw the realtor sign in the ditch along the side of the road.  The sign was put up freshly years ago, but as they approached he saw that it was covered with overgrown grass. 
Wait, hey wait, James eyed the farmhouse.  Maybe we should turn in--yeah, can we turn in?
Ra pulled the Jeep onto the gravel driveway and James saw the ghost of the home he remembered.  Where once were parked a handful of cars from hired hands, it was now empty except for the Ford Ranger truck.  The tractors were all pulled into the barn, and the farmland was overgrown with shrubbery and dandelions.  Sparse, weedy, green grass grew on the fenced-in open range.  The whole place had the silence of stillness.  There was no sign of animal life anywhere, and the place all seemed much smaller, like James had doubled in size the last few years. 
Is anybody home?
I dont think so.  My dad drives his Lincoln most everywhere.  He always wanted to make it clear we owned and lived on the farm; we didnt work it, just a regular business owner.  Lets go check things out, do you mind?
Ra smiled, shook her head no, and turned off the car.  They pulled their sticky, wet legs off the car seat.  Ra let Madison out and attached her leash to the car handle.  James crept slowly onto the front porch, fearing his dad might be watching him and waiting to spring into action, and at any moment might be busting through the front door.  James tried to breathe more slowly.  His dad might hear the increasing volume of his beating heart. 
It was easy to understand now why Odysseus had to wear a disguise when he returned home from the war after so many years. 
No lights were on, no movement, just silence and stillness.  James flipped open the rusty, blue mailbox and found it empty except for a note from the mailman.  Due to the box being overfull the mail for: 4286 East Territorial Road is being held for you at the post office.  It was dated from four months ago. 
Ra followed James onto the porch.  James showed her the note and tried to peer through the window.  He thought of explaining to her, no--actually directing her and telling her--they would need to bail out and evacuate real quick if his dad pulled up, but then he stopped himself.  Perhaps he was safe here with his new friends.  Madison would certainly growl at his father and Ra could just look at him and that would be enough.  Or perhaps his dad would like a shot of sodium pentobarbital from Ras needle. 
James checked, but found the front door was locked.  You know what; I can probably get some clothes for us.  I can still get in. 
James bounced to the side of the house, as power and confidence guided his movements.  He grabbed the ledge on the chimney and pulled himself up, propping one foot and then two feet onto the ledge.  Stepping onto the roof was easy from here, and he walked hunched over on the roof tiles, pulled open the bedroom window, and then ducked his head into the farmhouse.  Memories and objects flashed and buzzed at him from all sides, but he rushed through them to get down the stairs and open the front door for Ra. 
They walked together into the house, quiet and pensive, like investigating a crime scene.  Thick balls of dust were illuminated by gray light shooting in through the shades.  Bottles of Jack Daniels were on the counter.  Dishes with hard chunks of noodles and the forks still lying on them were piled in the sink.  Unopened pieces of mail were scattered about.  The air was thick, like a tomb, and the colors had all faded since James had last seen his home. 
So, this is it Ra.  What do you think?
Are you sure we should be here?  Should we be here?
Well be in and out real quick.  Fix yourself a drink if you want, Im gonna find some dry things and well get out of here quick. 
James ran upstairs to his mothers bedroom.  His mother and father had slept in separate rooms for years before her cancer, and his mothers new room had become her at-home hospice. 
He opened the door, waiting for the smell of his dying mother to fill his nose, but even that was gone long ago.  The place had not been touched.  Just a dark, wooden bedframe, a nightstand with a clock you could hear tick, one dresser, and a closet occupied the room.  The bed was still made with the tight, red-flowered pillow lying fluffy against the headboard.  James went through some drawers and grabbed a pair of his mothers old jeans, with the knees faded white.  He remembered her wearing them as she worked in the garden long ago, way before the cancer dwindled her bones. 
Ra also needed a new top, and James saw a gray sweatshirt his mom used to sleep in.  It would make a perfect robe-like outfit for Ra to drive home in.  James wrapped the sweater around his arm and wondered if his mom knew what was happening.  Perhaps his mother could feel this, feel her clothes in James hands, and her joy would just explode when the clothes went onto the woman he was learning to love. 
James bounced down the hall to his old bedroom.  The room had been turned into a storage room, with boxes of tax records and old files on the twin bed, but James found a red, concert T-shirt and decided to just wear the rest of the wet clothes home. 
He flew down the stairs and handed the clothes to Ra
Here you go.  They might not fit real well, but theyre dry and you can keep them.  He directed her to a bathroom.  Ra moved with a quiet respect, or perhaps fear for the strange look on James face as he ransacked his old house. 
Ra emerged from the bathroom wearing the gray fluffy sweatshirt.  Her pile of wet clothes was balled up in her hand and a dry coziness warmed her body.  The jeans were large on her, and the bottoms were rolled up, exposing her brown, bare feet.  She held her hands in the pockets to keep the pants up.  It seemed as if a crackling fire was throwing light across her eyes. 
Ahhh, that feels so much better.  Thanks.  Who would have thought wed end up here.  Is your life always this crazy?
I havent been here in years; cant believe Im here now.  But it feels all right, its okay. 
James gravitated to the thick, cotton sweatshirt and extended his arms around Ra.  He pulled her in and leaned down to kiss her, feeling her newly warm and dry self rushing through his mind in the still kitchen air.  He wrapped his arms around her waist, to the small of her back just under the sweatshirt, and pulled her closer, their lips softly dancing and his hands wrapped around the supple hardness of her spine.  Kissing her felt so warm, so exhilarating, and pumped warm blood through his veins.   
James found his mind pulled back to the day after his mother died, right after he got back from the hospital.  How odd it had felt to be in the house alone, his mother gone, but everything there as she left it.  Not even the patter of his dogs feet was behind him; Dad said that Simon had run away.  James had examined the contents of his mothers room that day like it was a quiet museum.  The food tray that was just a faade of life, whose food would never be eaten, sat still on the dresser.  And the prescription bottles, the Vicodin prescription with one refill left, sat next to the ticking clock.  James had opened the bottle with an incredible swelling of pressure in his head--a rage pounding in his brain and ready to explode in tears out the weakness of his eyes--and he swallowed a handful of his mothers Vicodin.  He ate at least ten of the pain pills and put the rest in his pocket, taking four the morning of his moms funeral and two at night to sleep until they were gone. 
But Im not doing that today, James thought, and gave an extra-tight squeeze to Ra, pressing her breasts against his chest.  Her oversized clothes felt like they might completely shake free, like a leaf on an autumn tree, if the embrace continued, so James let go. 
All of a sudden, Ra said, Im in your old house.  All that craziness you talked about, your dad shattering ashtrays on the wall, and that turkey soup every weekend.  I guess its all true.  Or, I mean, I guess this is where it all happened. 
Yep, and the ambulance would park in the same spot you did whenever my mom had to call them.  I passed out drunk a few times and she couldnt wake me.  My dad would just leave me and go back to sleep.  Hell, I dont blame him one bit. 
I guess thats all gone now.  Do you think its all gone?  Doesnt your dad live here anymore?
Im not sure where he is.  Maybe my fathers gone and will never come back.
Is the father dead or will he come back? 
Do you want to see him again? Ra asked. 
I dont know.  Not sure if it matters, because I dont think he wants to see me.  Well be together again someday, but not now.  I put that well, James thought.  I should call the realtor or my uncle or something to find out whats going on.  Maybe he just sold the house and moved out, but from the looks of things here, I doubt it.  James made a list of steps to take and then remembered he was on a date.  Come on, lets go.  Thanks for stopping. 
They walked back out to the front, and the sound of tires on gravel pulling into the farm shocked James systems and sent his nerves on alert.  His dad had pulled up, and James eyes widened.  Possible courses of action shot through his head as he looked at the grill of a Town Car.  The car stopped, eyeing James like a bull ready to charge, or perhaps his dad was frozen motionless like his son, both of them ghosts to each other.  But then the car backed up the way it came onto the road, turned, and drove off in the other direction.  James noticed two strangers in the front seat, two strangers who were lost and using the farm to change directions.  The fear tingled in his nerves for one last time before it left with his next exhaled breath.  It wasnt his dad at all, and the dust settled back onto the gravel driveway. 
The red-furred Madison sat next to the Wrangler, rocking back and forth in excitement, as Ra and James returned to the Jeep.  They had nearly forgotten the dog was with them.  Madison licked her lips and her tail waved frantically in the air; so fast it banged onto the side of the fender, creating a drum beat. 
Madison, its us with different clothes; you know that, girl.  Were back, we wouldnt leave you.  Lets get home, girl. 
Go home to what?  What home is there to go back to? thought James.  Madison cant go back to her original home, they abandoned her.  Maybe she should have never been with those owners in the first place, but why do we have to take her back just to kill her? 

Ive got an idea, Rachel.  Lets leave her here.  Lets just leave her here, Ra.  Why not?  She can stay here.  Shell be safe and have tons of room to roam.  Shell be dead in a few days anyways.  Look at all this land.  And its fenced in.  Hundreds of acres for her to explore. 
James was going off on his idea and looked at Ra, waiting for her response. 
What if your dad comes back?  And what will we tell them at the shelter?
Hell, he hasnt been here in months.  Its better than the shelter anyways.  In fact, the shelter is closed by now; wed have to sneak her back in.  They didnt miss her.  We can just make something up.  Or fill out adoption papers.  Those Saturday workers dont know what they are doing--you know that.  Well just say she was adopted, was adopted by Theodore White who lives in 4286 Territorial Drive and Madison is one of the few, rescued, little, lovely creatures of God who made it.  Gods Dogcatcher, Mr. Theodore White, Gods friggin dogcatcher!
Yes, yes, Ra giggled.  You remember that story, your dad the savior of the dogs there you go again, you nut, but all right.  Im in.  Lets do it.  Ill drive back here tomorrow with you and we can check on her.  The food I brought will get her through the night.  As long as you are sure?
Im as sure about this as I am sure about nothing. 
Only if hes gone or dead will he be the savior of the dogs, thought James, because if he comes back, Madison wouldve been better off at the shelter.  At least there she could fall into an injected sleep looking into the eyes of Ra, rather than dealing with the man who had taken Simon away.  Mr. Theodore White could turn any dog into a stray. 
James pulled Ra through the barn where old equipment, a tractor, and a purple-stained wood shredder sat gathering dust and looking deadly in the stillness.  He let Madison in through a gate, and Ra led the dog on a leash to her new home. 
Okay girl, your food will be right here, but well be back tomorrow.  Ra bent down and looked the dog in the eyes, scratching her neck.  Youre camping out tonight.  If it rains, go to the barn for cover.  Its going to get dark later, but you wont be scared; be brave Ms. Maddy.  Run around and smell, look up at the stars.  I know it keeps getting stranger, little girl.  Many worlds youve known since you first left home.  Youll be okay, youll be okay. 
James walked up with a bowl of water, giving the mystic nurse her last moment with the animal, and watched her kiss the dog on the head before they left. 
They walked back to the car as Madison sniffed the hardened dirt that was now peppered with patches of weeds.  No visible evidence was left of the thousands of turkeys that had spent their last days gobbling and running en masse toward the feeder.  But Madison could still smell them.  Tiny traces could be detected by the twelve-year-old, red, fuzzy dog that now had free range to a hundred acres. 
Chapter Twenty-five
The moon that night started big on the horizon, marred by just the tiniest gray clouds, and rose higher into the sky, getting smaller, like a plane taking off.  The moonlight was bright and whited out the colorful raging fire of stars burning thousands of light years away, and underneath it all Tom and Patty slept through the night.  Albert lay silently at the foot of the bed until olfactory dreams tickled his nose and he jerked, kicking his hind legs into Pattys back. 
The pull of the moon on Pattys womb regulated her cycle and moved the tides of the oceans.  But this morning, Pattys womb continued to be dry, continued to be dry into her thirty-third day, and the plastic strip lay atop of the toilet for the fresh, morning urine to be tested for pregnancy. 
It was supposed to take much longer than just six weeks after her miscarriage to come up with a positive pregnancy test, but there it was on the bathroom sink, positive.  Both of them questioned the results--perhaps the chemicals in Pattys body still hadnt adjusted.  They were excited with possibilities and curiosities but not enough for Tom to take a victory lap.  A small bud of joy was planted, hardened but growing and waiting until it was safe to come out. 
Tom went into work with an iron clench to his jaw.  If she is pregnant, this time well do it right, this time well do it right, there will be no miscarriage but a crying, newborn baby born from all of this but then he relaxed, there are some things in life I cant help or do anything about, nature does its own abortion sometimes, out of my control, it may happen again, it may happen again, Jason Boston, Sr. is waiting for me at West Oaks. 
Tom stopped at the light on Fairlane Drive and watched as the figure crossed the street, his white, red-tipped cane waving in front of him like some metal detector, but in his other hand the man had an ice cream cone.  The cone looked like some rainbow flavor, and the blind man wasnt licking it yet, but just holding it in front of him like it was the Olympic torch.  A morning ice cream cone, where would someone find an ice cream shop at this hour?  But it looked delicious, and to walk down the street with a new ice cream cone, licking the melting rainbow flavors off your hand, and slopping over it like a dog lapping, made Tom's mouth water.  He wished he could have a cone on his way to work, thinking about nothing but tantalizing his senses by rubbing the flavors of the cone across his tongue. 
Tom got to work and saw Christy as he walked in.  Today was her last day and they were having a lunch in her honor.  Christy had decided to dress up.  She was wearing a blue, low-cut blouse that made a V around her cleavage and Tom saw the sides of her breasts jiggle as she walked.  A white skirt danced around her calves, and Tom thought perhaps he could ask her back to his car for lunch and she could pull up her skirt.  Perhaps she regretted her abortion, and Tom could try to get her pregnant again. 
This thought left with his next exhale, and Tom went to his office, remembering how confident Patty had looked that morning.  She had on those heels that make her tower, and her gold necklace and butterfly stickpin that really made her powerful.  I wouldnt have a backbone without her, Tom thought.  Shes my backbone and without her Id be a sloppy sack like a jellyfish. 
A pile of treatment plans looked up at Tom from his desk, and his new client awaited him in detox.  Tom grabbed a yellow Post-It note to draw some cartoon faces, but instead just drew a three-dimensional question mark.  Just get it over with, he told himself, jump right in and make it less painful; bring Mr. Boston into your office.  The intercom buzzing on the phone interrupted his thoughts and sent a flash of hope through Toms brain--perhaps Mr. Boston had left treatment, perhaps he had left early just like his son. 
Tom, you there?  You got a phone call. 
All right, I'll take it.
Tom picked up the phone. 
Hello, Thomas speaking, how can I help you?
Hi, Tom, how are you?
It was the voice of Walter Rolsons mother. 
Oh.  Hello, Mrs. Rolson.  Im doing fine, just fine, how are you?
Well, not so good actually.  Its Walter.  Hes been having a real hard time of it, and I don't know what to do?
No shit? 
What happened?
Well, you see, he found out his ex-wife, you know the one who just got engaged.  Well, turns out shes also pregnant.  She got pregnant by this man.  Walter couldnt handle that.  He tried to kill himself three times, took pills and drank.  Hes been drinking until he passes out, wakes up around lunch time, drinks some more, but he tries to kill himself at night. 
Sounds like a full day. 
What?  Three nights in a row?  Didnt he have to go to the hospital or something?
Not the first couple of nights; he slept it off.  It was only just this last time he went to the hospital.  He did, he did go to the hospital.  I took him.  I talked to the nurses and the social workers and then I went home. 
Hes just gobbling a few pills to get sympathy--manipulating everything. 
Okay, so hows he doing?
Thats what Im trying to get to.  By the time I got back home from the hospital, there was already a message on my voice mail.  He left the hospital.  They let him leave, and he called me and said hes going back to the tent.  Hes back at the tent.  Remember he stayed in the tent way back in the forest behind that church. 
Back at the tent for some good drinking. 
So, Tom, I was wondering, maybe you could go out there to the tent and talk to him, encourage him to go to the halfway house or something.  I could tell you right where it was.  Could you go there, do you think?  I dont know what else to do. 
You poor thing. 
Mrs. Rolson, I bet the hospital did a suicide risk and felt he could only be there voluntarily--they couldnt commit him.  And Im not going to go out there.  Im not going to go to the tent.  Sorry, I know youre concerned but you shouldnt go out there, either.  Remember, his issues arent your issues.  You have to separate yourself from him, stop revolving everything you do around him.  I know that youre his mother and want to keep him safe.  Thats something I may not be able to fully understand, but the best thing I can say is to let go.  Let go.  Its disrespectful not to, really, because it treats him like hes incapable.  When it comes down to it, you need to clarify the boundaries where Walters madness lies and your sanity begins
Tom stopped himself.  Both of the Rolsons were nuts, really, but
Well, can you call me if you hear from him? Mrs. Rolson asked.  Can you do that, please?  How about this; Ill call you if I hear of anything, and you call me if you hear anything.  Whoever hears first will call the other one, okay?
All right.  I will.  Im sorry Mrs. Rolson.  Im sorry for what happened. 
And they hung up.  Tom clicked the phone and listened to the humming silence.  The poor mothers of the world, the poor parents, and here I am trying to be one. 
Tom got up and looked at himself in the mirror.  It was warm outside and hadnt rained in three days.  Walter was doing fine.  Probably had a few days beard going.  Certainly is learning some new skills, and his extreme dedication is really quite noble.  No such thing as half-measures for him.  Maybe it was the best decision to make considering he would never get his wife back.  He was just living out in the woods like Henry David Thoreau.  Simplicity.  Nonconformity.  A modern-day transcendentalist.  Tom actually had a brief craving to go see his camp site, take him out some food, it might be worth it, but then he filed the case in his memory banks with the other lost souls and closed the file. 
Suddenly a strange sensation swept over Tom, flowing up his spine like a wave smoothly wetting the sandy beach as the tide rises.  He couldnt escape a dreaded fear that perhaps he was placed in this world as some sort of experiment to observe how much insanity one person could handle before they realized it was all absurd.  His life was just an experiment to test what it would take before a human soul figures out that this reality is too ridiculous to even bother working with.  Its an unsolvable riddle, a puzzle with pieces missing, a trick question where the only answer is to realize that the question itself will never make sense. 
But there must be something his observers were expecting him to do before they would rescue him from this world.  It was up to Tom to signal to them that he knew it was all insane.  There was some special button to push, something to say, or some damn thing to let the creator of the sick experiment know it was over, I know its a joke, I lasted this long, let me out.  And then a wave of relief would fill him and then he would be so glad its all over, Im found and reborn anew, of course things couldnt be this bad, this ludicrous.  Just like Albert, Im adopted into my new home; these people around me are just the James Whites of the world, holding me safe under shelter until my new reality hits. 
What could the counselor do to pass the absurdity experiment?  Perhaps just a scream in a public place, killing the president, writing a letter to the editor, or giving away all his possessions and pitching a tent to live in the woods.  Then it would all be over.  But Tom did not know what it was, he didnt know what to do, so he went on. 
It was a good way to start the morning and to prep for meeting with Jason Boston, Sr. 
Tom intercommed the staff and sent for his new client.  As he waited for the knock at his door, he soaked in the silence and let the still air quiet his mind.  He held his breath, and his heart even seemed to stop beating until he heard Mr. Boston opening the door.  There would be no knock. 
Mr. Boston entered the room and an air moved with him.  His leather skin couldnt contain the cells of his body and they oozed outside of him in a layer of darkness.  Tom felt it pricking at him.  And even though Mr. Boston sat down without saying a word, the silence of the office was broken.  The silent, still air of the office began moving swiftly, mixing in with traces of the past of the ancient heroin wizard.  The wizard still wore the light-blue hospital scrubs.  His legs were crossed and his slipper dangled on his foot.  His eyes were a bit clearer, the dark recesses fading a bit and life was trying to renew itself as it always does. 
So, Mr. Boston.  You seem to be feeling better. 
Mr. Boston nodded slowly in agreement, his neck drooping, like a vulture barely holding up his head.  Tom tried to decipher some faded letters on the long-sleeved, black T-shirt he wore, but couldnt make them out. 
So lets back up for a second and tell me what happened.  I looked at your file, saw your self-report and read what you wrote down.  I know youve been using heroin for a real long time.  Why come to treatment, why now?
Mr. Boston sat frozen and stared straight ahead.  Tom waited, feeling the swirling air of the wizards brain churning, and wondered if the man would ever speak. 
Why nowwhy fucking nowwhy?  Im a fucking junkie, man.  Ive been a junkie about as long as youve been alive.  Ive been getting high for over thirty years, minus some time in prison and a few months clean here and there.  Ive been to prison, did you know all that?
Tom nodded his head with a confident yes but suddenly felt very young, felt like a child listening to his father, and began feeling his body loosen and a seizure start to well up.  He put a finger on his temple to hold his brain still.  Mr. Boston continued. 
And courts always want me to go to rehab.  Every time I go to jail they talk about rehab.  Fuck, look at me.  Im not the kind of guy who would come to a place like this.  I wouldnt even come here to visit my son.  Fuck that.  I dont know what you guys are gonna do with me, man.  Im not really of this kind of world you got going on in here.  I dont sit in chairs and talk to people.  I dont do that shit.  I do crazy shit, man, Im not of this world, so I dont know what youre going to do, what are you going to do with me?
What am I gonna do with you? thought Tom, what am I gonna do?  Just treat you like a member of my family, help you like I would my own family, my own dad.  But dont get sucked in.  Remember your unborn son, Anthony, and how he got all tangled up with the son of the mad wizard, and remember Hank Peterson and Christy, and remember Patty might be pregnant with Samantha.  Keep my sister safe, keep her safe. 
Well, its good that youre here.  It takes courage.  The other day, when you were struggling, I didnt think that you were going to make it.  I thought youd be gone.  Lots of guys leave detox early. 
Like Jason, Jr. did, Tom wanted to say. 
So, you knew my son, Jason?
Yes, I did.  I actually was his counselor twice.  But I am not sure I ever really knew him.  He was always really somewhere else, never really being honest with me, I dont think. 
Well, you did know Jason then. 
Tom looked into Mr. Bostons eyes to see if he was sad or crying but couldnt maintain eye contact long enough to tell. 
Yes, I did, and I knew your ex-wife.  She called me when Jason died.  Ive even seen your grandson when he visited here last Christmas.  But Mr. Boston, I am sure his death has been tragic, devastating, but youre my client now.  Lets start with what's going on with you. 
The wizard scanned the office. 
I did visit my son in the hospital once; I went to visit him once.  He was just five years old and got stung by a beehes allergic to bees, we found out.  We were in the garage on a Sunday afternoon and I was working on my bike.  Junior starts crying and screaming, yelling, A bee! A bee!  And he starts jumping all the fuck over the place.  Just leave him alone, junior, I told him, just leave the bee alone.  Dont hurt him and he wont hurt you.  So he did, and he went about playing with his little, fake tool set in the garage, knocking the blocks through the little, square holes with the plastic hammer.  And then he starts screeching and crying all over again.  The bee stung him.  He was holding onto the little plastic hammer and the bee stinger was stuck in his neck. 
Mr. Boston put his hand on his neck holding his fingers apart to show the size of the stinger. 
He puffed up and was choking and turning blue and couldnt even scream no more.  We took him to the hospital and he was okay.  When he finally recovered, Junior got the nerve up to ask me, Why did the bee sting me, Daddy, why did he, I left him alone just like you said.  I know, J, I know, I told him.  I guess I was wrong.  Thats all I could tell him, what else could I fucking say? 
Mr. Boston looked away, as if watching the memory on the wall of Toms office. 
So then he says to me, So you were wrong and I was right, thats what he said to me.  The little tyke saying you were wrong and I was right.  And he was, the little son of a bitch.  And he would have to stay scared of bees the rest of his life. 
And hes been stinging himself ever since, really, I guess, hes been stinging himself since then, Tom replied. 
Mr. Boston ignored him, his eyeballs rolling in the back of his head as memories kept running through his mind. 
Do you have any children?
Nope, I dont have any children, not yet.  Not yet. 
But theres a chance, Tom thought.  Theres a chance one is on the way.  Pregnant again.  We were meant to have a baby.  It was meant for me and Patty, thought Tom, last time was a fluke, a mistake.  A metamorphosis that had to happen for the stronger one we have today.  Ill make sure of it. 
Tom gave a hidden sigh
So, Mr. Boston, no, I dont have any kids, but the program here is based on the 12 steps of AA and NA.  People complicate these steps, but they are really simple.  Acceptance of your addiction, asking for help from a higher power, and turning things over to the higher power, the higher powers of the universe as you understand them.  Have you ever been to an NA meeting?
When was the last time you cried, Tom?  Do you cry?
Tom felt a sudden flush of blood to his face, a fuzzy heat warmed his head and he felt a glaring spotlight.  I lost a son too, Mr. Boston, I cried over him being gone. 
Yes.  I cry.  I cried at your sons funeral. 
I booted up at his funeral; fuck, I booted up when he was born too.  Thats what I do, man, I get high, I do smack, man--you should know that about me.  I know Im here, but I cant fucking believe it.  If my people could see me sitting here with you.  If they knew I let you call me a heroin wimp.  But youre my counselor, right?  And Im sitting in this fucking shrinks office.  Why do you call yourselves fucking shrinks anyways?  Why do you call yourselves fucking shrinks anyways?   Shrinks?
Well, they actually call me counselor, or call me...
I almost died too.  I have actually flat-lined three times before, but they always revived me.  I think Jason even came and saw me in the hospital once.  I was so scared of dying.  But, you know, it wasnt so much that I was scared of death because I really didnt have anything to live for--I dont want to fucking live.  It was that I was so scared I couldnt get high anymore, scared I would die and couldnt get high anymore.  But now I cant even feel good getting high.  Fuck.  Do you know what that feels like?  Nothing else at all to live for, but being stuck living?
Mr. Boston was asking, but wasnt waiting for an answer. 
If someone gets the chance, why dont they just kill me?  Youd do that for me Tom, youd have the balls to let me go if you could.  At least I know you would that for me, but youre a shrink and get paid to help people, so that would be easy.  Easy as Doc Kevorkian. 
Mr. Boston gazed upward at the corner of the office and Tom felt the lights in the room dim, colors began fading, and Tom imagined what it might have been like growing up with Jason, Sr. as a father. 
To think that Jason Boston, Jr. never even had a chance at life.  Perhaps one-month-old Anthony Cleaves never had a chance, either; perhaps none of us have a chance within the sights of this ancient being, who breathed his history all throughout Toms office. 
If you were ever to hurt yourself, Mr. Boston, really hurt yourself and commit suicide, who do you think would find you?  Who would be there to find your body if you were to actually kill yourself?
The wizard crossed and twiddled his fingers, scratched his cheek, and Tom studied the tattoo dots on his knuckles as he waited for an answer. 
Youre not supposed to outlive your children, Tom.  Youre not supposed to go to your sons funeral.  That only happens when youve been cursed.  There must be a dark, fucking curse for someone to have a son die.  Id trade with Junior if I could, fucking God shouldve killed me, killed us both.  Were not like people like you, Tom. 
We might be more alike than you realize, Mr. Boston.  Dont go feeling so unique, so different.  Thats just an ego trip in its own way, thinking nobody knows the trouble youve seen.  Ive been there.  In my own way, I am you, and I am also your son. 
But Mr. Boston ignored him; ignored him and kept talking. 
I had this dream just last night that they tried to arrest me for killing Junior.  The fucking police came to arrest me and put the handcuffs around my wrists, so I tried to hold the handcuffs up to knock their fucking teeth out.  But the handcuffs wouldnt stay on because I had cut my own hands off.  I cut my own fucking hands off and just had these two bloody stumps and they couldnt arrest me.  But then I woke up, or at least I dreamt I woke up or some tripped-out shit like that, and I was in my bed and theres this nun standing, looking over me at the end of my bed.  The nuns just leaning over me and reading some book.  I could see her lips moving and murmuring something, but couldnt make out a damn word.  I had to lean over and wave my hand through her body three times; it took three times before she disappeared.  Finally I was left alone to sleep.  Have you ever heard of such a fucked-up dream like that?
That is quite a dream.  You have some guilt.  Theres some guilt for what happened to your son, no question.  Perhaps the guilt is what brought you here as well, doing the things in your sons death that you wanted to do in his life. 
Mr. Boston was quiet.  That was a shot, a blow to the face and his head was pulled back on his vulture neck, reeling a bit.  Call me counselor, call me shrink. 
Have you ever been employed, Mr. Boston?
Yes, hell yes.  Im an electrician.  Electrical contracting.  I did some work in Vegas for short bits.  I work for a while, get unemployed, go down to the union hall here and there.  I work jobs for cash, get laid off, collect social security for being crazy as a motherfucker here and there.  Im good at it.  I get money, always getting money from somewhere. 
Tom breathed in through his nose and noticed that the colors in the office were turning crisp and sharp again, objects returned to being solid, and the risk of seizure was gone.  And then Tom realized that he was right.  He was absolutely correct about the absurdity experiment.  This whole life experience is really just to see if a sane human being could figure out that life was absurd.  But to pass the test and be let out was to drink and drug enoughthats what it was.  But I stopped a few days short, Tom thought, right before they were about to let me out.  It was the next fifth of vodka or line of cocaine that wouldve been the turning point, then I would have finally had it all figured out.  Just like Walter Rolson was doing, just like the Ancient Heroin Wizard is trying to do, and just like his son had done, dying for all our sins. 
You know, Mr. Boston, there is so much for you to learn.  So many changes to make.  But one thing to think about is when you leave here you should get more counseling.  Perhaps go to a halfway house or something.  You cant keep living in hotels. 
Counselor, counselor, the wizard shook his head, you know, I got to go to my sons grave.  Ive never been to his grave.  Im afraid.  Afraid hell speak to me right then and there.  I can hear him saying, So what the fuck have you done to me, Dad, why did you do this to me?  He could reach his arm right out of Hell and grab me and slit my fucking jugular; he should, I can feel it, he wants to.  Maybe my grandson will do it for him. 
Perhaps hell get one phone call where hes at, Tom thought. 
Thats a good idea, to go see his grave.  It would be good to go to his grave.  Deal with the grief, the loss, the guilt; it would be a great thing to do.  Some guys write a letter to a lost loved one, they write a letter saying all the things they want to say and then burn it.  They say the ashes of the letter will take the message to the lost person with them.  Tom took a deep breath after hearing himself speak. 
This is the strangest life.  The strangest fucking life I have ever known, the wizard concluded.  My legs ache, my eyes ache, my whole insides feel beaten down.  Maybe there was a chance for me, but I think its too late.  Ive already killed some fucking thing that you straight people have, or else I was just born without it--some missing genetic code mutated or some fucking shit.  I dont know, I dont know what Im saying, its all too confusing and just hurts, it hurts my legs and hurts my eyes. 
Slow down, just slow down, soothe yourself, calm yourself, Tom spoke with his hands; dont let your mind slip into that hopelessness by looking at how impossible something seems.  You are doing what you need to be doing right now, sitting here and talking to me.  And after this, you will do what you need to do then, and it wont seem so hard.  You will wake up here tomorrow, go about your day, learn things that you never learned before, and pretty soon youve put together a string of miracles.  But right now, at this moment, as we sit here and breathe the same air, youre doing okay, youre doing okay right now and with each breath and each day things can get better, better than youve ever imagined, just dont leave before the miracle happens. 
Tom wondered what he looked like as he said this.  He wanted to glance at the mirror to see his own face, to see if he looked like he was lying or not, because he didnt have a clue if he was telling the truth or just adding to the absurdity. 
Tom wrapped up the session, and the ancient heroin wizard left the office.  The dark air that swarmed about the wizard like a swirling cloud of buzzing wasps was gone.  That went okay, Tom thought, it went okay.  I kind of like how I feel when Im around him.  I can get used to it.  A mirror for his dark self, just a walking mirror, and perhaps Mr. Boston would make it through treatment and then agree to a halfway house.  Or maybe hell just go live in the woods and visit his sons grave every year to pay penance for his failed fatherhood. 
Chapter Twenty-six
The going-away lunch for Christy was filled with cordial smiles.  Tom got there late and the deli tray was warm and moist.  The pieces of meat and cheese were sticking to each other and Tom fumbled with a fork trying to separate the cold cuts into a sandwich.  When it started to be too much work, Tom moved his body so nobody could see, put the fork down, and ripped the ham apart with his bare fingers.  He peeled a slice of Swiss cheese off with his thumb and forefinger, and then set the rest back on the tray.  When he was done, he turned to the room and nobody seemed to have noticed. 
A grocery store cake was cut after Mr. B thanked Christy for her services.  Christys long skirt fluttered as she walked across the lunchroom with her sliver of cake.  She smiled, young and smart behind her lipstick, the dreams of an intern fueling her words.  Tom laughed with Desmond and Bill, said a few professional words in front of Mr. B, and imagined how he might sneak a look at Christys journal.  What was she really thinking?  Perhaps if he had talked with her, told her he knew about her pregnancy, he could have talked her out of the abortion.  Tom watched her eat with the plastic fork and work around the icing of the cake.  She left the remains and dumped her paper plate in the garbage. 
Therapy group that afternoon was done in the sticky, afternoon air, where their armpits became clammy.  Mr. Boston sat in the corner of the room.  It seemed the rest of the clients feared sitting too close, and a tiny halo surrounded his chair.  Tom wanted to be at his best, and he started by having the clients all share the many ways they had tried to stop using on their own that had failed.  Clients talked about moving out of state, switching from crack to just marijuana, having their wives take their paycheck, or getting laser hypnotism to stay sober.  Tom then lectured about how they needed to surrender to a new way of living and thinking.  If they could just get humble then it would be easy to have faith in some sort of God. 
When all your own resources have failed, Tom stated, scanning each one of their faces, when all your weaseling cant get you out of a situation and youre handcuffed in the back seat of a cop car, or when you feel your cracked-out heart beating in your eardrums ready to explodeits these times that we say our best prayers.  Our desperate prayers are the best, because we use the word God with no doubt that he exists because if he doesnt, then man are you fucked.  Chances are youve asked for Gods help during these desperate times.  Well, God answered, that miracle happened.  It brought you here today.  And now its up to you to play your part.
So lets say, Tom changed his vocal tone, that you got a new puppy.  Lets say that new puppy destroyed things, pissed all over, ate your socks, got into your garbage, and disobeyed you again and again for years.  Well, if that puppy had disobeyed you as long as you all have disobeyed your own higher power, then you would have put that puppy to sleep long ago. 
Like across the parking lot, Tom thought, and looked around the room at the empty faces.  There were twenty-year-olds referred by probation officers, crackheads in treatment for the tenth time, and alcoholics with sad, sunken faces and shameful eyes.  All of them were here at West Oaks, sleeping on plastic mattresses, with lost dreams given up long ago.  Just quiet desperation was left, and hope for small, little escapes from the misery life had become. 
You know, Tom raised his voice a bit, and saw some eyes perk up, none of you are really supposed to be here; sure you need to be here, but youre not being who youre supposed to be, what you couldve been.  At some point you strayed away from the person God wanted you to be and you ended up getting caught and brought in here.  Please change. 
Mr. Boston sat in the back of the room and observed without speaking, occasionally nodding his head as if being hit with the wave of information, but usually his neck drooped with the weight of drowsiness.  Whenever Tom saw the wizards eyes close he could feel the energy of the room change as the world of sleep took over.  But just when it seemed Mr. Boston had lost consciousness, he would jerk, re-cross his legs, his eyes would pop open and darkness would cloud the room once again. 
Just fall asleep or stay awake, thought Tom, the dance between this world and the other is getting tiring for us all. 
*
The barking hour at the shelter had not yet started when Tom left West Oaks for the day.  He was leaving early to go with Patty to the Ob-Gyn as they called her doctor.  They considered themselves partners in pregnancy and would do everything hand-in-hand, and both of them were taken back into the exam room at the doctors office.  Patty sat on the plastic chair as lab techs and nurses with different patterns of flowers on their scrubs walked by.  Blood was taken by a black, smiling nurse with a big needle, who thwacked Pattys veins with nimble fingers. 
When the pregnancy was confirmed, Tom saw a look of triumphant motherhood on her face.  I am a wonderful mother, Lady Madonna, it seemed to say with a feminine, glowing force.  Tom felt his own glow that had sparked with the last pregnancy begin to shine again.  He hugged Patty and then kept holding her hand, squeezing it whenever they heard information from the doctors. 
There was no increased risk for miscarriage due to the short span between the two pregnancies, they were told, but there were some surprised staff.  Usually the womb takes a little longer to cleanse itself, grieve, and begin monthly ovulation once again.  Patty had become a superstar to the nursing staff. 
When all the needles and medical jargon were put away, the nurse with the long, braided hair looked Patty in the eye and put a hand on her shoulder. 
Ms. Cleaves, I was like you.  I had a miscarriage and got pregnant again right away again.  I know what its like. 
The nurse glanced at Tom and hesitated.  He thought she might ask him to leave the room before she kept talking.  Tom put the most feminine-aligning look on his face he could muster, and the nurse continued. 
First, I couldnt believe the Lord had blessed me with another child in the womb.  I carried my old fears with me and thought my childbearing days were over.  Then I tried to withdraw and expected things to go wrong to shield myself.  I would go to the bathroom with every little twinge, expecting blood each day.  But pretty soon all I could do was rejoice.  Just rejoice.  Just rejoice and let the baby grow.  Okay you two.  She looked at both of them with a loving, stern look, like a schoolmaster, and Tom and Patty nodded their heads in agreement. 
They left the office, Patty with little patches of cotton on her arm from blood tests. 
Youre just a load of fertility all of a sudden, Mr. Cleaves, said Patty as they walked into a parking lot. 
Tom hugged her before they got into the car.  Life gets reborn no matter what, we just got to do our job to keep it flowing, Tom decided, as he sat in the passenger seat, ready to roll. 
I think its going to be a girl this time, said Tom.  I think its gonna be a girl.  And it will take this time; I think it will take, right?
Patty turned the ignition and the engine rumbled.  Tom, I dont know for sure, but I do sense that you're scared. 
Scared?  What?
I used to be scared, thought Tom, I was scared, but now Im ready, ready and alert for anything.  Ready to rejoice. 
Yes, scared.  I know you, Mr. Wonderful Counselor.  I can tell youve been scared lately.  It will be okay.  Relax and let things happen.  We dont know that it will be a girl this time, just like we didnt know a thing about the baby last time.  These things just happen.  But we must be doing something right, this is a gift.  I certainly dont want to go through any tragedies again, Tom, and I know you dont either, but it seems like somebody must want us to be pregnant. 
Patty was looking through his defenseless skull into his thoughts.  She must have picked up on the chaos swirling in his brain somehow.  Perhaps she wouldnt be surprised a bit if he told her about the little voice who called himself Anthony. 
It is scary, I am scared, Tom confessed.  Im scared that good things just happen randomly to people.  And scared that it doesnt matter what we do, or just scared that sometimes Im mixing in with these people too much, you know, my clients, they just linger on me and all over me sometimes--and Im really afraid that simply being around them affects me in unseen ways.  Maybe it affects both of us. 
Tom looked over at Patty.  She was sitting firmly, still the backbone and holding everything together. 
I guess I dont know how to explain it, Tom continued, but it seems like the more the more fucked up people are, the better chance theyll have children.  Like my clients, they dont have any problem having children.  They are just multiplying and multiplying, squirting out little, addict babies--just job security for me, I guess.  I was telling that to Desmond the other day.  I said with the way people are, how does the human race even survive?  Its like cockroaches, he said, theres just so many of us.  Tom laughed, And that was hilarious and finally made sense to me. 
The Lord uses the good ones and the bad ones use the Lord, Patty replied. 
I guess so, said Tom, trying to figure out what the hell that meant, but then dropping it.  Patty may have never had a dark thought in her life, and couldnt really understand what he was saying.  All day long she sat with people, trying to change the world.  Her clients were trying to improve the lives of people they didnt know just because it felt like the right thing to do.  They volunteered to help because to do so would provide them grace, be returned tenfold, or give them a sense of purpose.  Tom had been one of them; he started off as one of them sitting in Pattys office itching to take on substance abuse, poverty, and every last ounce of social injustice.  But mixed in with this world were families like the Bostons, like the Rolsons, and even like the Whites, who just seemed to be forever lost.  Im not of this world, Mr. Boston had said, but he would gladly visit this world if it meant the chance to steal credit cards, write bad checks, or boot up at his sons funeral. 
Did I tell you about that client who overdosed and died and how his dad came back to treatment?
No, you didnt say a thing about that.  But thats what I mean.  Youve been extra quiet lately.  Thats something you would have told me before. 
Well, yep, hes back.  The darkest fellow youve ever seen.  Hes been a father and a grandfather.  Well, he used to be a father.  But see what I mean?
Tom sighed, felt the air leave his body, and thought of how he was going to keep the Boston father alive.  He needed to be kept alive and well--and Samantha needed to be kept safe.  He could talk to Patty about this, but she wouldnt understand. 
Tom reached over and put his hand on Pattys thigh as she drove.  I shouldnt even be worrying about this, he thought, were pregnant.  Were pregnant again and that is the final truth.  Were going to have a child and that is the most important thing that could ever be true.  Tom took another breath and felt the air pump up his chest.  Time to be like a king, like a lion--a lion that would protect his young ferociously against any attackers, making protective circles around his mate and his cub.  He would keep Samantha safe. 
Well, I guess we should figure out if were going to let my mom know.  Shell be in town next month.  And I can keep cleaning up the nursery.  Oh yeah, and I have an idea for a cartoon mural for the nursery.  I drew a few samples at work.  I can practice on the basement wall. 
Yes, you and your cartoons.  Well, go for it, but Im glad youre talking to me.  I know when somethings up, Tom, you cant keep anything secret.  And youre a great father already, Mr. Cleaves.  You are one of the good ones, and nothing can change that.  Think of all the people who do well in treatment and end up becoming fathers, or who just become better fathers.  Remember that when you get scared. 
I will be one of the good ones, Tom thought, just remember that and listen to Patty when she says so.  Tom imagined the day when he would be giggling with his daughter as he held her up in his lap.  He saw Samantha smile with her first missing tooth.  And he imagined sitting in high-school bleachers watching her softball game.  Samantha would play second base with that strong, determined, feminine force she would no doubt get from her mother. 
The early evening was ticking away like any other day, but the two drove home with the fresh life of a sunrise.  They got home and could hear Albert yapping through the front door, ready to greet them.  His barks stopped when they got inside and were replaced with excited sneezes.  Albert jumped on their legs, did little circles, and then jumped some more. 
Hey, hey easy, easy.  Tom tried to deflect the bouncing, black, terrier-mix from jumping up onto Pattys womb.  He got on his knees and bent down to rub the animals neck. 
Tom then noticed his shoe lying on the carpet.  His brown, leather shoe had been pulled out of his closet and lay on the living room floor.  The tongue of the shoe was hanging out like it had been tortured, and the sole of the shoe had been yanked out of the bottom and was scattered in tiny saliva-soggy pieces.  The little dog had been munching on the leather all day. 
He picked up the remnants and examined the brown leather.  He couldnt be angry, but was just curious.  Albert must like to eat the stinkiest part; he was attracted to the sole of the shoe that sucked up the juicy parts.  All the odor that Tom gathered throughout the day and squished out the bottom of his feet was in the parts that Albert loved to eat. 
Two days later, Tom would find little traces of his leather shoe in the backyard, the only remains left over in the disintegrated dog feces. 
Chapter Twenty-seven
Suburban morning and tiny patches of low-floating fog were quickly scattered by the morning sunlight.  The rising of the sun always summoned a line of geese from the small wetlands across the street to eat at the front lawn of the forty-five-year-old widow.  Ever since her husbands death, the woman had kept the feeder full in the front of her red-brick ranch home, and the geese made their way across the street each morning, and then again at sunset, creating a brown, patchy trail across the green lawn.  After years of hearing the screech of brakes to avoid the crossing line of geese, the widow had petitioned the city for a goose-crossing sign.  The issue was being considered by the city council. 
Neighbors of the homeowner were less accommodating.  They stuck sculptures of predator owls on their lawns to keep the geese away, but had to change the ornaments when the birds lost their fear at the fake enemy. 
James and Lester visited that day with the Department of Natural Resources.  The DNR was training them on how to look for goose nests.  They were looking for twigs, leaves, and the warm down fur the mother would pluck from her own body to make the nest.  They were then to raid the nest of its contents.  The geese hissed, flapped their wings, and honked at them with desperate cries, but it was all just bluffs from afar and the geese would eventually scatter. 
We used to just replace the eggs with fakes, said the man with the DNR patch on his shirt.  That way the mother wont just lay a new batch.  But now its all about timing.  If we do it now, its too late in the season for the bird to lay any more. 
The geese were a nuisance, or at least a nuisance to some.  Their high fecal loads were a health hazard and landed on the fairways of golf courses, the flocks disrupted traffic, and their carcasses needed to be removed from the streets daily.  The geese who were already born and living were offered food across the street by the widowed lady who was spoken ill of by her neighbors, and James role was to stop the species from getting any larger. 
They arent afraid of cars at all, J, Lester said as he grabbed the eggs.  They love car hoods, you should see them.  I think they like getting smacked down by trucks.  Bam!!  The bigger, the better.  You should see them, J. 
Lester was easy to block out today.  James could only think about Madison and he figured that Ra was thinking the same.  Maybe they shouldnt have left the dog there overnight?  James tried to imagine Madison in the turkey pen all day long, wondering what was happening to her.  And if anything were to go wrong with the dog, things would definitely reverberate and rock his growing bond with Rachel. 
James had biked home with the taste of Ra on his lips after the date with her yesterday.  The image of her wet shirt clinging to her chest had stayed on his mind, and her giggling laughter as she sprinted through the rain had echoed in his ears. 
But at night, when he had tried to fall asleep, lying there in the dark, watching light from the full moon beam through cracks in the window shades, the memories of the cursed farmhouse slipped in.  How could he have left the dog at that place?  Even if it was a stray dog, it deserved more. 
And when James had finally gone to sleep, he had a dream--a dripping, lucid nightmare that seemed silhouetted against the glowing moonlight.  James dreamt that he and Ra had left the farm yesterday and had forgotten about Madison.  The dream fast forwarded frame by frame through the next seven days while the whimpering dog waited for Ra and James to return.  The dog sat alone night after night wondering why James had left her at the farm to die and squealed for help at the fence with sad eyes.  Cars drove by, and she waited for one to pull in and rescue her, until she was finally convinced that nobody was coming.  She had to give up hope and went sniffing about the farmland for food. 
Then the odor of rotting flesh exploded across the dreamscape.  The smell of rotting, human flesh was coming from way in the back of the farm, and this attracted the starving dog.  The dream made James and Madison become one, and both of them focused on a dead body turning gray on the farmland.  To stay alive, they had to take chunks of the bodys thighs, forearms, and then stomach, but the face of the corpse was left uneaten.  The face of James dad as he lay dead in the back of the farm was the last image James saw in his dream before he awoke with a jolt. 
It was only one night.  Just a dream and Madison had only been there one night.  When they went out to the farm later that day, James would make sure to walk back to see if his dads body was really lying there dead on the farm.  He would try to remember to go there.  His dad would need to be found and buried. 
James finished the morning of goose-egg hunting and called the number listed on the realtor sign from a corner pay phone.  The person answered with a ton of cell phone static. 
Yeah, Im calling about the property on 4286 East Territorial Drive. 
There was a long pause with a crackling, tin-foil sound.  The cell phone seemed to have gone dead, but then the voice picked back up. 
Yes, yes, its still available.  The farm.  A beautiful property.  Lots of uses for it. 
Well, actually; its my home or it used to be, I used to live there.  Im James White, Teddy Whites son--Theodore White is his real name. 
Oh, he has a son!  Hey, how are you?  Hows your dad doing?  Is he okay?
Im not sure.  I havent heard from him and I was hoping you might be able to tell me. 
No, no.  The cell phone faded in and out.  I havent talked to him in ages.  I just figured he didnt want to sell it anymore.  I got a call from someone interested a few months back, but couldnt show the place.  I tried to call him and even went out there.  You sure you havent heard from him?  Hope hes not missing.  Very weird. 
The operators voice interrupted and James deposited an extra fifty cents. 
But hey, listen, the realtor continued, if something has happened, God forbid, can you call me please?  And if something does happen that you get ownership of the farm you can list it with me.  I can sell it real quick at a great price.  It will move quick.  Just call me.  You got my number.  I got to go.  Take care and thanks for doing business with us. 
James dialed his mothers only sibling, Uncle Craig.  At one time Uncle Craig and he had been beer-drinking buddies.  But after James spent three days in the hospital with pancreatitis, Uncle Craig avoided James.  James mom must have had a talk with him.  Tom finished dialing and heard his uncle answer with a froggy Hello, clear his voice, and then repeat himself, Hello.
 
Uncle Craig, Uncle Craig, its me, James. 
Hey, Kid! How are you?  Whats up?  Havent heard from you in a while.  Last time you were in that rehab place and then I didnt hear a thing. 
Yeah, Ive been bouncing around here and there.  But Im doing great now.  I got a job with animal control, working every day, and I even have a girlfriend.  James wondered if his uncle believed him.  He had lied about such things before.  But hey, I was just wondering if you know whats up with my dad.  I went by the farm and it looks empty.  The place is dead, nothing going on at all. 
Yeah, you haven't heard?  Damn, nobody told you?  Well heres what happened.   I guess I should tell you.  He got a bad bunch of birds shipped to him.  A bunch of bad birds.  They had this thing, this virus or something, called Exotic Newcastle Disease.  It gives them all diarrhea and I guess its real bad.  Infects everything, real catching--just to birds of course.  I guess it mostly hits chickens.  Anyways, he had to slaughter them all.  They made him kill them all.  The sick thing is, he used that wood-chipper to do it.  I guess there was a big stink, one of his workers quit and went to the authorities, but your dad pulled out some shit about wood chippers being an accepted way of euthanasia for turkeys.  Apparently its been done before.  Anyways.  You said you went by there?  What did you see?
It was empty.  All empty.  I even snuck into the house and it looked like nobody had been there for a while. 
James imagined the turkeys being slaughtered by the wood-chipper and the mounds of bloodstained feathers fluttering about everywhere.  Not just put-down, but chopped up.  The disease must be all gone by now, and hopefully dogs couldnt catch the Newcastle disease. 
Oh shit, man; then I dont know.  I havent heard anything about him leaving.  I wonder if hes okay.  Hes got some family out west but they dont care much for him. 
You dont think hes gone, or dead, or anything do you? James asked with a quiet voice. 
He's a strong one, you know that.  Im sure hes up to something.  By the way, whats your address, Ill send you something next week. 
James then realized it was his birthday next week.  His uncle often used to send him a gift or some money for his birthday.  It was really just his way of thinking of his dead sister.  His sister would appreciate it. 
Getting back to the farm never left his brain all throughout the workday, and James waited for five oclock with a stomachache of anxiety.  Ra was to pick him up at the halfway house that night, and it made James even more anxious.  He was still a bit ashamed about his status, but the shame of staying in the flophouse was becoming stupid real quick, especially after Ra had become his partner in crime. 
James looked out the halfway house window for her Jeep to pull up and ran out to her so she wouldnt have to knock on the front door or come inside.  He got into the car and greeted her.  She stayed parked in the driveway and James gave her a kiss.  She was waiting for the kiss before putting the Jeep into gear. 
Ra backed the Jeep out of the driveway and James looked up at the house, wondering what it looked like from her view.  Dirty aluminum siding and sunken window awnings disguised the house perfectly in the rusty neighborhood.  The shades were open on his bedroom window, and standing there spying on them was his new roommate, Richard Bentley, with the scraggly beard and thick glasses.  Richard had been admitted just two days ago, and both nights James had heard the bed creaking as Richard masturbated from across the room, and now staring at Ra was just giving Richard more material.  If Richard does the same thing again tonight, perhaps I will just leave, James thought, Im ready to leave this stop and move on to the next one.  Let someone else take my bed. 
Im kind of worried, J, Ra said, yesterday was kind of nuts.  I mean, we got to start thinking about what to do with Madison.  The paperwork is all done and Im sure wont be questioned, but
She was calling him J.  She never did that, had just heard it from Lester, but it was nice. 
Yeah, I know.  Im gonna move out anyways.  I can afford to now, and Ill take her.  She should be okay for a while, and then Ill find a place where we can move in together. 
James talked as if he had it all planned out.  It sounded good, and Ra seemed satisfied with this idea.  But was it the dogs safety or him getting out of the halfway house that made her happy? 
The drive lasted a quiet eternity, and the landscape moved by slowly, speed limit signs and billboards mocking them from the side of the road.  If the dog isnt there, then Im gone too, James decided, Im gone too... it will be safer for me to keep straying through the streets then to be locked away just waiting to be put-down. 
They pulled into the farm and everything was just as still as the day before, no sign of the dog, no sign of anything different from the deadness of yesterday.  They got out of the car without saying a word and went to the gate at the fence.  Everything was silent and the air felt old, dusty, and frozen.  The dog wasnt there.  Her food was eaten, but her water dish was turned over.  Ra yelled out the dogs name, but nothing. 
Just as Ra and James felt that they could hold their breaths no longer, the dog trotted out of the silence.  She blended in like a fuzzy oasis on the horizon, and her shape took form as she got closer.  Madison recognized them and broke into a sprint, her red fur swaying from the run and her mouth glistening in a smile. 
Hey, girl how are you?  How are you?  How are you? Ra said in a happy, little voice as she let the dog lick her lips.  James rubbed the dogs back, firmly massaging her spine and washing away the fears of moments before.  Madison gleamed between her two adoptive parents.  It worked, it worked, James told himself.  The poor rescued stray lived through the night, lived out in the farm in the night away from the put-down room.  Now they were back to refill her dog dish, give her fresh water and fresh kisses, and tell her she was still loved and things werent done for her, not just yet. 
Lets walk back here; I want to check something out. 
They walked hand-in-hand across the farmland, trampling over muddy feather stems still scattered about the ground.  Spikey leaves of weeds dotted the hardened dirt that was turning clay-like and cracking.  James explained his dream to Ra--the strange dream of his father being dead on the farm, but left out the part about his dad becoming food for the stray.  James peeked over his shoulder as they walked for any signs of cars pulling up.  The air in the farm was too still, waiting for something to happen.  The surprise could perhaps be a visitor in the driveway or a dead father on the farm needing to be buried.  They reached the back of the fence where the farmhouse and road were no longer visible, and it was clear there were no signs of his father anywhere.  The place had never been this quiet, so devoid of life. 
I used to come back here all the time, said James, looking up with his head circling around.  Theres a place where I used to pull the fence back and go catch frogs by this pond back there.  When I got older, Id come back here and drink or smoke a joint. 
James thought about taking Ra back to the pond so they could jump in and get soaking wet together once again.  The pond was really nasty though, filled with green algae, and it had a muddy bottom.  James remembered getting soakers when hed slipped in.  Ra looked too put together today to get unraveled in the slime anyways.  She was wearing a blue, long-sleeved, button-up shirt.  It looked like a mans shirt but it acted as a skirt and went down to the edges of her shorts.  It was the kind of shirt worn by women who know what theyre doing, who are confident and cozy. 
Perhaps they could just go back inside and start cleaning up the farmhouse, James thought, and see if there was any food to cook, lie on the couch and watch TV. 
Ra gave Madison pats on her head.  The dog kept circling the two of them, sniffing their shoes and picking up traces of the dogs back at the shelter. 
You know, in parts of India theres a small group of people who believe that a woman can marry a dog. 
James looked up, sure he had heard her incorrectly. 
Yep, its true, it really is.  That doesnt mean bestiality or something, its just the ceremony or the union.  I think the belief started that, if a woman lost a husband, she had to marry a dog before she could take on another man.  That way the soul of the dead husband could only take out its jealous vengeance on the dog.  Either way, after marrying the dog, the woman could move on without fear of the old jealous soul.  At least thats how it started.  Now I think marrying a dog can remove all sorts of curses. 
James remembered the golden Simon running across the farmland as he heard her speak. 
Lots of things are different where I was born, Ra continued, examining the branches of trees that hung over the fence.  In Hindu religions, some trees are sacred.  Ive heard that they hold eternal life and the branches are just like our nervous system turned upside down.  Of course, the Catholics started killing them for this belief.  Ra looked confused by her statement.  Or maybe it was the other way around?  And I might be mixing religions and myths; I tend to do that. 
Well, James said softly, I dont know how to treat this place, sacred or not.  But Im glad youve been here with me for this.  Just you being here helped remove a curse.  It wouldnt have been possible without you. 
James pulled her by the hand.  You know, Ra, maybe I could just move back here.  Just move back here and drive every morning to work.  I could get the truck up and running and just see.  Just see what happens.  The worst that could happen is my dad gets back and kicks me out.  I can clean up the farmhouse, save some money, and just make the long trip to work every day.  It can work.  Its perfect.  Ill just wait and see if my dads gone or if hes coming back.  Hell, he might be glad someone's staying here. 
James mind scattered ahead to visions of cleaning the farmhouse, washing the old, moldy dishes in the sink and putting out new bedding.  But maybe the buzzing emptiness of the house at nights would creep up, and he would be lying there waiting to hear his fathers footsteps.  The lonely, drinking feeling hed probably get.  He remembered the many mornings of throwing up in the toilet and the echo in the bathroom tiles.  The sad loneliness of drunkenness might still be there. 
Look at Madison, Ra.  Shell be happy here.  And you could even bring her a friend, if things work out, so she wont be all alone.  We can save another dog that you might have to put down and just bring it out here.  It can work.  Ill check the fence, make patches where I need to.  Maybe fix up one of the feeders and water stands. 
James wondered what Ra was thinking, and was waiting for a response.  This doesn't mean Im leaving you, he wanted to tell her.  Im doing it for life with you, for the dogs you have to kill, the ones you look into their eyes and watch as they close their eyes for the last time.  But you need to be on board, Ra; if youre not then I will just disappear, same as my father. 
Ra pulled her hair back with one hand, combed it through her fingers, and then let it fall back down across the sides of her face.  Her eyes looked sideways, and James waited for her response while the orange, setting sun dipped a bit closer to the horizon. 
Its not such a far drive, James reassured her one last time. 
You know, I know a vet who would be happy to come out here.  He'd bring some Bordetella shots with him and everything.  But James, maybe slow down.  Dont just do this for me.  I mean, be sure about this, think of yourself, okay, James?  Really. 
I can't do anything for just me Ra, you taught me that.  I cant pretend that you are not a part of me and that Madisons not part, too, and that my mom still isnt and my dad still isnt and my old dog Simon isnt its all there.  But I do know when something feels right, when something feels like its supposed to happen, and this seems like one of those things.  Who knows whats next, but if you only knew how miserable and hard everything was and how Im finally feeling alive and part of things.  I used to not do these things.  I used to not be with people like I am with you, but suddenly I am.  Im living again and life is... 
James was silenced as Ra moved toward him. 
She put her hands around his neck, kissed him, looked into his eyes, closed hers, and then kissed him more deeply.  Suddenly there was a bigger appetite to her kiss.  He could feel it, could feel her breathing harder and the air rush in the back of his throat.  Her hips pushed against his as her hand pulled him in closer.  His erection budded up against her groin.  James wrapped one arm underneath her shirt and felt the tingling flesh of her back, feeling its smoothness up through her spine. 
It was on now, it was on and something was happening.  The stale air was now exploding, crackling, and James kept kissing her, felt their mouths and tongues wet and warm while one hand undid the buttons on her shirt.  Ra began disrobing, and the brown breasts that were cupped by the innocent, white bra became exposed to the farmland sky.  They knelt down to the ground, their eyes mostly closed but popping open to test if the reality of life was still all around them, and their limbs began exploring. 
James entered her and heard chantras buzzing in his mind.  We were meant to do this, this rhythm is good for life, this rhythm the farm hasnt felt in years, the rhythm of life flowing, flowing in and out of each other. 
A fresh, fertile sobriety burned in James head as he stared down at Ras deepening, brown eyes.  James felt his soul leave with each thrust of his hips, mix with hers, and return back to its visceral host.  Her hips waved to the beat of the rhythm, receiving him and returning the energy.  Their breath became quicker, the air exhaled from one and inhaled into the other instantly.  James arched his neck and saw Madison sniffing innocently around the fence, smelling the death and rebirth all about her. 
And James began to climax, feeling himself deep into Ra as groans coming from either one of them mixed with the twilight air until his backbone tensed and he pulled out of her, the rest of the semen flowing onto the ground as his face was buried into her chest. 
Ahhh, they are finally here.  They have finally come to me.  So many of them surrounding me.  So warm.  Theyre supposed to be here.  Im supposed to be found.  Burrow into me and Ill welcome you.  Well become one with Love!  But there will only be one for me, only one.  The rest are lost, drowned, dead. 
They lay there under the sun, feeling totally exposed and shamelessly naked.  James looked at the pieces of Ras exposed flesh, examining the lighter shade of brown on her stomach, and caressing her neck with his index finger.  What the hell do we talk about now, thought James, whats next? 
Ra, do you use anything for birth control.  Are you on the pill, maybe?
Ras face color changed and James feared she was angry.  He might as well have called her a slut.  He blew it, blew it with that one.  Why didnt he just shut his mouth? 
Well, Ra began as if giving a speech, before I say anything, remember this.  I have learned to always take care of myself, no matter what, and even though I love people and need others, I got me. 
Ra shook her head, looked away, and turned back to James. 
You know, I didnt say that right.  Anyways, what Im trying to say is, I decided a while back that I was never going to stop myself from becoming pregnant.  I wasnt going to use birth control.  No, Im not trying to get pregnant on purpose or trap you or anything like that, and thats not why I had sex with you.  Its just that being adopted means I have never had the chance to be with my own flesh and blood--having my own people is something I have never known.  I dont ever want to miss the chance to be with something that was a part of me, and I fear that stopping it from happening now could stop it forever.  I hope you can understand that.  And thats what I mean.  But I would have no expectations for you, James, and I hope that being honest about this doesnt scare you, but its only fair.  If you want to, we could stop being together like this, or use a condom in the future, but thats your choice. 
Wow. 
James first thought was that anything that kept them tied to each other was worth preserving.  But pregnant?  He never thought he could even cause something like that, probably shouldnt.  But is there trickery here? James wondered.  Ra wasnt just taking advantage of the poor, lost mutt who would hump any leg that was near him.  No, thats not it.  She could have done that the first day they met. 
I probably should have said something before.  Are you mad?
No, no, Ra.  Are you kidding?  Maybe confused.  I guess Id have to think about it for a while.  James rubbed his hand across his hair and then gave Ras thigh a squeeze.  In the animal world, men just do their thing and leave, they dont even have to think about these things. 
They lay with their backs against the hard dirt, looking up as the open sky turned a dark, midnight blue.  The air grew cooler and crickets began an early chant from the woods beyond the fence line.  They could hear Madison panting and sniffing about, and could feel the patter of her feet as she walked over. 
James felt his body still flowing with life, and the flow continued until he thought of being with Ra once again, feeling her flesh under his and their breath grow heavy, and then entering her one more time.  They would connect and become one, no matter what kind of new life would spring forth from the intercourse, no fears or concerns of birth control or population control. 
Madison arrived with her black, wet nose leading the way.  She licked Ras bare belly, sniffed James face, and then kept exploring around the two as they lay on the barren land. 
Chapter Twenty-eight
The next week was spent with preparations for the possible move, and daily trips out to the farm.  Each day Ra and James went out to the farm and played with Madison, gave her fresh food, and threw the tennis ball across the open field.  The ball bounced much better on the harder ground than in the days when the golden Simon used to retrieve, but Madisons older joints tired much more quickly, so Ra and James would just sit with the dog or lie on the ground and drink Dr. Peppers. 
Eventually the dog expected them at the same time each evening.  The gravel rustle on the driveway perked up her furry ears and she greeted them by running down the fence line.  You know, wed both get fired if they found out we were keeping her here, Ra said, but James saw excitement in her eyes rather than fear. 
On Saturday morning, James spent thirty dollars on a cab one way so as not to burden Ra for the drive.  He spent the morning rummaging through junk drawers and collected fourteen dollars worth of dimes and quarters, and also came across a spare key for the truck.  The truck was in his dads name, but there was still no sign of the man, so James made plans to get the car fixed.  The license plate stickers were not up-to-date, but James rubbed the plates with mud and that would disguise them until he could figure out a plan.  Ra drove out to meet him that Saturday night, and the two had sex on the living room couch, after which James immediately looked out the window to make sure the driveway was still empty.  They still didnt use birth control and didnt talk about it. 
After a sad-eyed beagle didnt get adopted through the weekend, they agreed to bring the new dog out to live at the farm.  The beagle had been dumped off at the Argos Animal Shelter after barking his brains out and upsetting the familys neighbors until the family got a ticket for disturbance.  The family had tried to give him a collar that shocked him when he barked, but then the dog began chewing his front paw until it was bloody and ate socks until they had to be pulled out of his ass when hed shit.  The family had brought the beagle to the shelter and said they might change their mind and come back for him, but did not.  James forged some adoption papers and then took the beagle to the farm and let him sniff the traces of faded turkey scent until he was too exhausted to bark. 
James got the truck fixed with the hundred dollars his uncle sent him and drove to the farmhouse on his birthday.  He let the two dogs out of the farmland for the first time and took them with him into the family farmhouse.  The dogs ran up and down the stairs, detecting the scents from Simon and smelling residue from old ghosts that were forever locked in the fabric of the house.  James could smell the scents too, and tried to clean away the traces and echoes of his lost family by vacuuming and dusting, and even cleaning some windows.  He tried to stamp his fingerprints onto the place by getting toothpaste and shampoo, and by putting some milk in the refrigerator.  The dishes were clean in the dishwasher, and James grabbed a clean bowl and ate some cereal while he rummaged through his dads old bills and unpaid invoices scattered on the kitchen table.  The most recent invoice was dated over six months ago.  James folded up the electric company shut-off notice into his pocket, planning on making a money-order payment with his next check. 
He never went too long without expecting his dad to pull into the driveway or stumble through the door in a drunken rage.  The fear was fading but still colored every thought.  Rewrite your life, Tom, his counselor, had said, and it now felt like he had written himself into an eerie, suspense story that he wanted to end peacefully.  But perhaps the confrontation with his father needed to take place first. 
How odd it felt to be in the house alone, like he had somehow killed both his parents and was staying at the scene of the crime, waiting to be arrested.  He thought of calling the police one night to put out a missing persons report.  Was the phone even still turned on?  Bills hadnt been paid and he hadnt even thought to check for a dial tone.  Yes, calling the police to file a missing persons was the right thing to do, he decided, but instead of making the phone call he fell asleep on the couch to the buzz of the empty rooms. 
He woke up just before midnight and was late for the eleven oclock halfway house curfew.  The beagle was curled up at his feet and Madison was sleeping by the front door.  James lay there motionless, envying the dogs perfect state of sleep before getting off the couch an hour later.  It was after midnight. 
James secured the dogs and drove back to the halfway house.  A write-up and a breathalyzer were given to him by the halfway house staff for breaking curfew.  He went to bed, feeling no real alarm and no real need for sleep but entirely ready to face another day.  Things are in control now, James thought, as he pictured the beagle at the farm.  Im fitting in with some master plan and just playing my part.  When his roommate Richard started masturbating, James coughed loudly and stirred.  Richard got up and walked to the bathroom to finish the job and James went directly to sleep. 
The next morning, James gave the halfway house director two weeks notice that he would be moving out, and then told Lester he would need a day off work to make the transition. 
I know youre up to something, J, said Lester, his beefy forearms patting James shoulders, youre all over things, dont think I dont know.  You see, you see what happens?  You should move, J, you should move. 
Ra gave James one last charity ride to the farm, and James drove the truck back to the halfway house.  He parked it street side and locked up the mountain bike in the truck bed so he could bike the open county roads when he returned to the farm at night. 
It felt a bit peculiar to be a normal, driving human, but the truck meant freedom.  It was running smooth and had been cleaned of empty bottles of vodka and cans of Busch beer.  James remembered drinking the cans and then just dumping them on the floor, hearing the empties clatter on each other.  Years ago he couldnt even put the truck in gear if there wasnt a beer can in his crotch, and today just thinking about the bottles made James feel the blissful burn of liquor all the way down his throat. 
No reason to get drunk today, just stay sober, drive safely, and dont get pulled over, James told himself, and then move into the turkey farm sanctuary next week.  He drove carefully each day to work, parked with precision, and would look at the front entrance of West Oaks before going into the Argos Animal Shelter. 
One morning, James got out of his truck and felt his eyes drawn to a shrouded figure walking out of the West Oaks front door.  A bag was draped over the figures shoulder.  The man took a few steps, paused, looked in both directions, and then kept walking.  There was a soreness to his walk, like he was stepping on hot coals and each foot winced, and then James saw the man turn his feet and come his way.  The figure must have felt James looking at him and had been summoned over. 
James felt obliged to stand there and wait.  He wanted to just leave and go inside to work but was afraid of offending the man who was walking over.  It was clear the man wanted something from James and thought James could give it to him.  The bag over his shoulder seemed heavy and the man walked slow and deliberate, not once breaking his stare, and James thought of his own dad walking across the open farmland, just as dark. 
Hey, hey man, how are you? he spoke.  Hey, listen, I need to get somewhere and Im not from around here.  Can I use your phone to call for a ride?
Um, well, theres a pay phone at the corner
Thats all? James thought; there must be something more he needed. 
Are you leaving West Oaks or something? James asked.  Usually they get you a cab. 
The man was older, with yellow skin except for the colors of tattoos that spread across his flesh.  A darkness in his eyes was held back by squinty eyelids.  Hes one of the old ones, James thought, a junkie relic who would survive anything.  James was sure he had sat in many therapy groups with people just like this wandering man, and he could feel the weary feeling of trying to get sober oozing out of the pores of this West Oaks client. 
Yeah, Im leaving West Oaks--been there long enough.  But you work here, right, you can let me use the phone.  Just one phone call and Ill be on my way. 
Were not open to the public until later.  But I bet if you ask the staff at West Oaks theyll let you use the phone. 
It was clear the man was leaving AMA--against medical advice--and James figured that was why he needed a ride and West Oaks wasnt offering a cab.  He had probably snuck out, too, or else they would have at least allowed him a phone call. 
I know the place pretty well, James said, feeling like he captured a stray who had escaped from his cage.  I know what you mean by leaving. 
No shit, man.  What do you know?
Well, Ive been there too.  I was there a few times actually.  I wanted to leave every day.  Why am I telling him this? James asked himself.  Perhaps because this person is just like me, he thought.  Hes a dope fiend, a crackhead, an alcoholic; one of these or a holy trinity of all three. 
Well motherfucker, youve been there? the man said and scratched his gruff face.  Black dots like Braille were on his knuckles.  Well, youre a bigger man than I am.  Im gonna leave there now.  I got to get off.  So wait, now you work here?  You work with all these barking dogs?  Fuck. 
Yeah, I do a few things.  Why are you leaving anyways, why not stick it out?
I cant stay there.  I cant stay.  The man squinted as if any sunlight hurt his eyes.  I was here looking for my son, to talk with him.  My sons dead you see, he died a while ago.  I didnt realize I couldnt find him here--guess Ill never really find him and what the hell would I say anyways?  But I sure as hell dont want to find my own self here any longer.  Cant find anything and not sure who to talk to now, but I do need to make a call. 
Did you talk to your son when he was alive and tell him how you feel?
James was late for work, but a strange interest kept the conversation going.  End it soon though, James told himself, end it soon or some alliance might form that you never wanted. 
No, I never really told him--he wouldnt believe it anyways and we dont say those things in my family.  Fuck, I dont know how I felt, or if I ever really felt the way a father is supposed to--we dont really feel those things in my family. 
The man paused, and James wondered if those were tears in his eyes. 
And we dont write fuckin letters and then burn them up to send messages to dead people.  Thats what they wanted me to do.  The man laughed from deep in his gut.  Ill be burnt up in ashes sometime soon, then Ill tell him myself.  Shit. 
Hey, if it makes a difference, James spoke with his hands, I stopped using after West Oaks.  It worked for me.  It took a few tries but it worked for me.  I was an alcoholic, or still am an alcoholic.  I cant even tell you the things that happen when you get sober--stranger than even using.  It does work, if you let it. 
James was less than half this mans age but felt he had something to offer.  The ancient man who didn't know where to go definitely needed help. 
Well, I dont know whats next, the man said, quickly and concisely, but can I use your phone?  Can I just get one phone call--let some people know where I am, that Im okay and well be together someday soon, and you know, to just to take it easy until I get there?
All right, sure, but just one. 
James led the man in to the animal shelter, had him stand by the front counter, and pulled the phone cord over.  The man held the phone loosely and began dialing and James caught the scent of the ancient mans stench.  It was the smell of already-begun-to-rot flesh. 
He wanted to die, James could feel it.  The man wanted to die, he was done, just a stray who could never be adopted.  If James really wanted to help him, he would grab the catch-pole, secure it around the mans neck, and drag him to the put-down room to visit Ra.  He needs a mystical nurse like Ra, James thought, he needs someone just like Ra who can put him out of his misery with one prick of her magical serum.  It will solve every last problem he could ever have. 
But first, one last phone call for the grieving father. 
Chapter Twenty-nine
A white sky that didnt show the single form of any one cloud, just heavens and heavens of overcast, and Tom sat underneath it all, inching his car a foot at a time in traffic.  Construction or an accident had traffic blocked, and the last five minutes of his drive to work looked like it would take about thirty. 
It was the anniversary of Toms fathers death and his mother would be expecting a phone call.  Shell want to know I visited Dads grave, Tom figured, and shell want to give congratulations on another year of sobriety.  It was the time of the year to celebrate changes and transitions, and a regular Cleaves holiday. 
Tom thought about going to an AA meeting that night to pick up his yearly coin.  Every year sober meant a coin with a different number year on it to celebrate the sobriety date anniversary.  Tom had received a coin for each of his first five years of sobriety from his sponsor, a man who had also sponsored eleven other men, most of whom were now back to drinking.  The sponsor had now moved out of state, and Tom felt a little removed from AA.  He was just a visitor to AA now, but on a good day still making amends, like the 12 steps stated he should.  He was making amends to his mom by trying to undo all the damage done to her by the drunken Cleaves men, and the right thing to do today is to visit Dads grave. 
Will I visit step-dad Darryls grave when he dies? Tom wondered. 
Moving six feet in traffic, Tom wondered what his sponsor might say about how he was handling sober life, and if he was ready for taking care of a newborn.  Continue to work the 12 steps, hed say, take personal inventory and when you are wrong, promptly admit it; tell Patty about your darkness, dont pretend shed never understand.  Let go of things you cant control, remember the serenity prayer: Quit trying to play God with the childbirth.  And remember the 12th step: carry the message to others, you keep your sobriety by giving it away; stop being so selfish, so full of resentments, give help selflessly where help is needed. 
And was he doing that, keeping his sobriety by giving it away?  Was he still helping?  Then how to explain Walter Rolson, Jason Boston, Jr., and now Jason Boston, Sr., the ancient heroin wizard who snuck out of treatment AMA after just one week. 
Did he do all he was supposed to?  Did he let the old baggage and fears get in the way?  You really wanted him to leave, didnt you?  You wanted him to leave and the poor, old man could tell, he could tell that even a professional therapist, a Masters in Social Work counselor like you, couldnt handle his insanity.  And now hes gone. 
Let it go, Tom thought, let it go, you werent responsible and you did what you could do.  You have to decide where his insanity stops and your sanity begins.  Even though you were scared of his sight, you gave him attention; you spoke with him at least every other day and offered him support in group. 
Tom turned the radio down to a barely audible level and inched forward in traffic, trying to force his thoughts to move just as slow and deliberate.  If Mr. Boston really wanted to change, he could have, Tom finally decided, it was all served up to him by the staff at West Oaks, but the wizard had made his choice and you cant deny an addict his pain. 
But what if something tragic happens, like last time that Patty was pregnant? Tom wondered.  What to do about the deaths of these unborn children, all with their spiritual umbilical cords tangled up with the West Oaks clients?  To think of it made the cells in Toms body dissipate, become loosely held together, and then scramble and mix like the dotty fuzz of having a seizure.  If he could just drive without all this traffic congestion he could be okay, but now he was stuck and barely moving, and a white, windowless van in front of him blocked his view of what lay ahead. 
Talk to someone and the fear will disappear, Tom told himself.  Just tell someone about that crazy fear that if Mr. Boston overdoses your own baby will die and the thought will fade away into the ludicrous world it came from.  Sure youre stuck in this insanity, but you know exactly how to get out, just quit staying lost in your quiet desperation.  Tom inched forward but then slammed his brakes quickly just inches from the red brake lights on the van in front of him.  He felt his chest press against the seat belt and his neck whip backwards. 
Wonder what Jason, Sr. is doing right now? Tom thought.  Perhaps the Boston father is dead already, or perhaps he will come back to West Oaks and give sobriety another try. 
Tom imagined Mr. Boston copping some dope, could see the little packets in his tattoo-dotted fingers, and saw him ready to go shoot up at some fast food restaurant or hotel room.  Tom thought of seeking out the heroin wizard, just making some last effort to encourage him to go to a halfway house, or begging him to come back to West Oaks. 
 keep my sister safe.  The seizure-like voice still had an echo in Toms mind, especially whenever he saw Pattys naked body in the shower.  What would Anthony have me do? Tom wondered. 
Tom made the final turn into Fairlane Drive.  A cop car and an ambulance were at the intersection, and Tom drove up just as the drama of the scene was ending.  The line of stalled traffic made a gap for the ambulance to pull out.  The ambulance accelerated and the flashers and sirens wailed outside of Toms window.  The shiny, metal rims of the ambulance drove off and traffic began thinning.  Toms speed could finally pick up, but he figured hed still be twenty minutes late for work. 
Late enough to see the blind man, he thought, perhaps late enough to see the blind man turn into his final destination, and Toms eyes became alert.  He gulped down the last bit of coffee and scanned the sidewalk but found it empty.  Perhaps he was too late, finally too late, and for the first time since he remembered there was no white, red-tipped cane tapping its way down the sidewalk toward West Oaks. 
Tom moved on and looked forward to getting to work and hibernating in his office.  Nobody noticed he was late that day, and he hurried to his office and closed the door.  Before even sitting down he paced about the office, looked in the mirror at his pupils and at little crevasses in his flesh, and then sat down to practice drawing cartoon pictures for the nursery mural in Samanthas room. 
Tom drew a happy turtle with a smug smile and imagined what else he could add.  Maybe he would put pink or yellow little splotches on the turtles back, maybe spell out Samantha on his shell, or the turtle could be talking.  The voice of the turtle could be saying Sweet Dreams, Sam, Sleep deep, Sam, We love you, Sam, or maybe just Welcome to Samantha Cleaves Room.  And then behind the turtle would be a big mountain lake and a sunrise, and a road leading through the mountains.  And Samantha could add to it, she could add her own drawings of creatures onto the mural when she got old enough to draw.  The little world of nature could multiply.  It wouldnt matter if Sam couldnt draw and created disfigured flowers or rabbits that you couldnt really tell were rabbits, Tom and Patty could still let her draw new life all over the scene on the wall.  One day she would grow out of it and they could just paint over the whole thing anyway. 
Tom finished the drawing and picked up the phone to call his mother.  Why doesnt she just tell me her little surprise, he thought as he dialed.  I know shes engaged.  But maybe thats not it, maybe shes got cancer or something like that, maybe shes got just months to live and his new step-dad Darryl is just waiting for her to die. 
Tom dialed the number and put the phone up to his ear.  The phone was blank where Tom expected to hear the little electronic beeps of the phone dialing.  No dial tone, just dead air. 
Somebodys there 
Hello, West Oaks, may I help you? Tom spoke quickly.  Apparently he had picked up to dial just as someone was calling in. 
Hi, its Theodore White calling, the voice was timid and distant.  Im looking for my son, do you know him?
Theodore White, Theodore White Tom scanned his memory. 
Im not sure, sir, but the names of clients who are at West Oaks are confidential.  Unless there is a signed release, I cant tell you.  Its a federal law; I have no choice in the matter.  Tom waited for the man to get angry. 
Well, Im looking for my son, James White.  I dont get a lot of time and I only get one call, Im just wondering where he is, how he is, I think he used to be there. 
The voice sounded shaky, really weak and desperate, like perhaps the man was in the throes of detox. 
Then Tom realized it was James Whites father calling. 
Are you okay, Mr. White?  Because what I can do is pass on a message if I do know the person, but I cant tell you anything more. 
Memories of James dad came flashing back to him, memories of a bitter and drunk man, a powerful force, but this voice sounded beaten.  It was much different than the usual calls Tom would get from angry, lost parents, like Mrs. Rolson calling, saying my son is all fucked up again, can you help him.  This was a call for personal help. 
The voice continued in a high pitch, like a child trying to cover up tears. 
Im not really okay, Mr. White said, not really okay, and Im not sure what happens next around here.  I need to talk with my only son before something happens.  Unexpected things happen, things you assume to be true get wiped out.  You dont expect people to die.  I wasnt supposed to know she was going to die; I wasnt ready to know that.  I tried to die before she did; I tried to kill everybody really.  My family had an exotic disease and had to be slaughtered. 
Can you tell me-- Are you thinking about hurting yourself?
No, no, counselor.  Thats not what I'm thinking about.  Tears could be heard clearly now, mixed in with quick inhales of air.  Perhaps hes already taken some pills, thought Tom, and just fading off to die. 
Have you ever tried to hurt yourself? the counselor asked. 
Yes, yes, every day.  But whats the use in being dead if theres nobody there to find you, nobody there to bury you.  You just wait alone in the darkness, the voice responded more quickly this time. 
Well, can you keep talking to me, tell me what's going on?
Lets just say I do hurt myself and I cant change what I did, I can only change what I do, I mean now, how I ended up.  Thats it.  Thats all.  There may not be enough forgiveness for everybody... may never be enough.  I have to pass things on to make things different.  I fear whats already been done will pull me in the same hurtful direction I dont believe Ill get to talk with him.  Thats been wiped out, dont bet on it.  Ill have to try and reach him another way. 
There was a pause, and Tom stayed quiet as well.  His natural response would have been to say something, but an instinct said just listen, just listen right now.  Thats all youre supposed to do, youre not a Wonderful Counselor, just a person who needs to listen. 
Can you let James know that I called, the voice said with its last burst of courage, the showering of tears waiting to explode, let my son know I love him in case were not together again, tell him I love him.  Okay?
And before Tom could respond with an okay, Ill do it, some electronic beeps came across the line, and the phone began dialing.  Tom held his index finger to his temple in order to keep his thoughts still.  He held the finger there until he heard a voice on the other end.  It was Darryls voice, a new greeting on his mothers voice mail, and Tom left a message for his mother.  He told her about visiting Dads grave after work and that hed call again later unless the phone was still acting up. 
Tom made a mental note to tell James White that he had heard from his dad.  Perhaps the two were ready to make amends, but things sounded quite strange.  Be careful kid, Tom thought to himself.  You are still just a baby of sobriety and dealing with your dad may be the hardest thing yet. 
Doing paperwork alone in his office filled up the rest of the morning, and Tom diligently made treatment plans for his caseload.  He documented elaborate goals for his clients; they would increase acceptance and insight, identify cognitive errors and integrate into the recovery community.  They would develop coping skills for sobriety and know a new freedom and a new happiness. 
For group, Tom put in an educational movie for the clients to watch and supervised from the back of the room.  They watched the video in the darkness, and Tom read their body expressions to see if they were paying attention.  He examined the droops of their necks or the expressions on their faces, to see if they were watching or were somewhere else, but either way he didnt care much today--its impossible to care everyday, Tom believed, but you do need to feel it most days.  Tom did care that most of the men in the group had already become fathers and had children at home.  Their children would be going to daycare with his child, going to school with his daughter, perhaps dating his daughter one day.  But Tom would be a good parent and keep Samantha safe, no matter what. 
Tom finished the rest of the day to a smooth, sane volume and drove through light traffic for a quick stop at home before visiting his dads grave.  Patty had promised to be home on time to drive with Tom to the cemetery.  Marriage meant being pregnant together and mourning for lost parents together. 
*
They used to stop for dinner on the way to the cemetery in the days when his mother used to come along.  Then it was a forty-five minute drive through the early evening to get to the grave a half hour before nightfall.  Theyd stand in the somber cemetery air, having memories in the dusk, and leave just moments before complete darkness arrived.  Each year the visit got shorter, more a ritual of foolish consistency than anything else, and today it would no doubt be just a quick, powerful drive-by. 
Patty was at home as promised, and they gathered Albert and got into the car.  Albert sat in the back seat, his nose out the window, sniffing the rushing particles of air.  He was still chewing on household objects like the TV remote and throw pillows when left at the home alone, so they took the dog with them whenever possible. 
We probably shouldn't tell your mom about the pregnancy, Patty said as they drove.  We wouldnt want to outshine her marriage announcement, if thats really what shes gonna tell us. 
Tom agreed.  Either way, he figured it would be a good year for his mom: getting married and becoming a grandmother. 
The rest of the drive was quiet and they pulled into the cemetery.  Albert ran across the back seat from one window to the next, sensing theyd arrived.  Toms dad was buried toward the front, not far from the car path that winded through the graveyard. 
It was always empty and lonely at the grave.  Tom never did have the chance to see it the day of the funeral, when the Cleaves family had gathered around.  While the funeral-goers had been putting one last touch of their fingerprints onto the casket before it was dropped into eternity, Tom had been getting Phenobarbital put under his tongue by the detox nurse.  His mother, the widow, had driven from the cemetery after the funeral to witness his delirium tremens in the detox ward. 
They parked the car, and all three of them walked to the grave, with Tom leading the way.  Piles of twigs and leaves were placed in perfect, raked piles across the tiny, rolling hills of the landscape.  Flowers and little flags dotted the tops of graves.  Cement tombstones jutting from the ground at all angles and sizes could be seen scattered across the earth.  Tom sighted his dads grave from the distance.  The drive had been quick, the sun still hung high in the air, and the headstone barely made a shadow. 
They stopped at the grave and stood in front, remaining quiet.  Just stopping by for a quick breath always gave Tom a flash of memory strong enough to last him from one year to the next.  Just to look at the headstone was like reading a journal of his initial days of sobriety, bringing back memories of crawling out of the slug of detox and dealing with sober feelings for the first time in his life. 
A pile of dead leaves was near his feet, and Tom tapped his shoes to make them crunch underneath as his thoughts turned inward. 
Thanks, Dad, Tom thought, speaking to him silently, thanks for dying like you did and helping me learn to live.  If you hadnt died, I would have just dragged myself along until I was too drunken wet to be wrung out.  Perhaps I had to watch you die to find a reason to live--but thats what I tell you every year, Dad.  This year, I have news.  Shes getting married again, Dad.  I wonder if you know that?  You would surely approve.  Everybody approves, Dad.  Its a good thing.  You know that.  But then again, you must know everything now; you drank enough and got let out.  Things are no longer absurd for you; they cant be. 
Tom examined the letters on the tombstone; the C, which appeared to be losing definition, and noticed that each year the tombstone was sinking in a bit more deeply into the ground.  The grass above where his dad was buried grew greener and richer each year.  Tom bent down and ran his fingers through the green leaves of grass, as if running his fingers through his dads black hair. 
Albert walked over and sniffed the grass at Toms hand, licked his fingers, and then walked off.  Patty stood behind Tom, giving him space as she always did.  She hadnt known Dad, had never met him, but she had heard about him from everybody.  Even the car dealership where they still bought their cars spoke of the quiet Cleaves man. 
Im doing good, Father, doing good and keeping safe.  I think you can probably feel how good Im doing.  And Im gonna make you a grandfather, Dad, maybe you can feel that too.  Ill tell Samantha about you, Dad, shell come here with me to see her grandfather.  Ill tell her about the good things, Ill take them on RV trips, Dad.  Well never forget you; youre still alive in me, youre still alive in Samantha. 
A shrieking noise shocked Tom out of his meditative message to his dead father and made his eyes perk up.  A high-pitched, shrieking bark was coming from across the cemetery.  It was Albert, barking from far away.  The barks got louder and quicker, and Tom was sure the howl must be hurting the dogs throat.  The dog must have wandered away, following the trail of some scent. 
Albert! Patty yelled, walking toward the sound. 
Tom followed and the barks lead them toward the back of the cemetery.  Tom picked up his pace, passing Patty and yelling Alberts name, fearing that the little terrier might find a way out of the cemetery.  There were plenty of spaces were the fence had gaps, and chasing him down would be a chore, especially since he didnt have a collar.  The dog was unidentifiable. 
Tom finally caught sight of the dog, yapping in the direction of some hidden object, showing his teeth and trying to keep his prey cornered.  Tom and Patty ran the final steps, but the dog ignored them and kept barking.  A fear rose up Toms spine and spread through his brain.  He could smell something in the air as well.  It was dark, and its scent was spreading throughout the cemetery. 
Tom reached the dog and looked toward the object of Alberts fierce alarm, completely unprepared for what he saw.  Lying half propped up against a five-foot tombstone was a body that looked like the leather-clad carcass of Jason Boston, Sr. 
Yes, it was him, here in the graveyard. 
Tom!  Oh my God.  Is he okay?  Patty had caught up. 
Im not sure, but I know him!  I know who this is!
Its just a dream.  The image of the man will shatter soon and youll wake up. 
Toms vision got hazy, everything became dotty and the cells began loosening again.  It was a seizure coming on, and Tom moved quickly to keep himself together.  He walked right up to the wizard, to see if the Boston father was dead or if he could be brought back. 
Tom leaned over the body.  The brown, leathery color of the flesh was changing to an ethereal hue.  A blue-whiteness was there, and a sunken look to his face, like it had slightly melted across his skull.  Tom touched the skin, cold but still flowing with some blood perhaps, but the wizard was completely unconscious and nearly dead. 
A quick scan of the scene, and Tom saw the name of Jason Boston, Jr. freshly engraved in marble.  The tombstone was just a two-foot-high black square, and it jutted out of the ground on an angle as if it had been tripped over. 
Hes a client, Patty, an old client but hes still alive, I think.  Hes still living.  Tom looked up, his brain on fire, and Patty waited for him to respond.  Shes never seen me have a seizure, Toms thoughts shouted, keep your things together
My cell phone, its back at the car.  We can call an ambulance, Patty the Director stated. 
Lets go wait one of us go the other one stay here call the ambulance and wait at the front Ill stay here and see what I can doheres the keys Go. 
Tom handed Patty the keys and tapped the hard spine of her back as she darted off in the direction of the car.  He watched her go at a fast, steady sprint, a direct purpose and straight line as always.  Albert ran alongside, yapping at her heels. 
Tom waited for the ambulance, disbelief running through his brain.  Come on God, help me save him, help us save him, we need you God, all our resources wont work unless you come through.  This old man wasnt meant to die already; it's not supposed to be this way, the little grandchild with the black, straight hair, what about him, and the Boston mom? 
I have too much blood on my hands lately, Tom thought, please dont let this happen.  I lost this mans son. 
Toms mind raced to the wizards funeral, probably just a few days from now.  The West Oaks staff would be expected to attend, and the voices of Bostons family would be everywhere  The seizures would come. 
But maybe not.  Patty would be dialing in seconds; she would reach them in time.  She was always good about these things; she was the backbone that never let things die, the director who got people to help.  People who wanted to help would listen to Patty, they trusted Patty. 
Maybe give him CPR, Tom thought, youd better act and do something, maybe give him mouth to mouth.  Tom felt the flesh of Mr. Bostons wrist.  The wrist was cold, not stiff or frozen but chilly, and there seemed to be a pulse
Is that his pulse or is it my pulse, I cant tell, my whole body is jumping jerky, every cell of my body has a pulse right now, cant feel anybody elses, hell no.  Fuck.  Mom, why did I have to come here just for you?  I have a step-dad now, or will have one soon, why dont I just let my old father die and be completely done with him? 
Tom noticed a syringe, just inches from the wizards fingers, shooting up from the ground like a plastic blade of grass.  Mr. Boston had overdosed all right, but it looked like he was planning on doing more, because there, on the other side of his body, were two more syringes that were loaded and ready to go.  The two needles were pointed in the same direction, and sat softly, like a picnic basket would on a checkered blanket in an open field.  Even with the wizards mythical tolerance to opiates, just one needle had brought him down; not all three were needed. 
This was no accidental overdose, Tom realized, this was a planned suicide attempt, he just had a mini-overdose before he could finish the job.  Boston, Sr. was the wizard, he was seasoned, the master, and the huge arsenal of smack he was about to pump into his veins was no mistake.  It seemed so unlike him, too grand and brave.  It was selfless even, because if hes dead then he can get high no longer.  But here he was, willing to take his own life and give up getting high. 
If you were to successfully kill yourself, who do you think would find you? 
Certainly not your old counselor, thought Tom. 
Mr. Boston had tried to kill himself, that was the only answer, but it looks like he may have failed in his procedure of self-abortion.  He certainly failed in his attempts at staying sober, and now he may have failed in his attempts to get out.  Soon the ambulance would arrive and EMT workers would rush out to the gravesite.  They would give Mr. Boston an injection that would keep him alive.  Patty would stand alongside in tears, with her hands over her mouth, and watch as they kept his heart beating and rushed him to the hospital.  Tom would be standing proudly during the life rescue, but perhaps just wishing the medics had brought shovels instead of an ambulance.  Then they could bury the man next to his son. 
Patty, Patty, where was she?  Was Samantha safe?  Is there bleeding again?  There was nobody in sight, not even the Dodge Stratus could be seen across the rolling hills of the cemetery.  Patty was on her own and Tom was left with the grieving father.  Perhaps hell wake up any second, Tom thought, or perhaps hes already awake, waiting to be conscious enough to grab a needle and finish the job. 
Tom slapped the wizards face with both sides of his hand, feeling flesh on cold leather, but the peaceful sleep of the ancient man remained.  It almost seemed unfair to keep him away from his son, Tom thought; if my child dies I want to go too, Ill go with the wizard.  Mr. Boston will wake up in the hospital bed tomorrow, a miserable wretch.  He may survive this and continue to wander lonely around the world, living off scraps of heroin here and there, but only waiting to die, waiting to get out like he really wanted to. 
Tom looked at the small, black gravestone of the Changeling, Jason Boston, Jr.  Jason, Jr. was resting just a few yards underneath and feeling all of this happening.  The wizard had gone to see his sons grave, just as he promised.  Jasons arm didn't shoot out of the turf, but if it could, what would it do?  Would it grab a needle and help his dad to join him?  How to make amends to the young life that Tom had let slip away. 
Tom picked up one of the needles and held it up to eye level.  It looked so innocent, but was so important for the Boston family.  The voice of the Boston father came echoing back.  If someone gets the chance, why dont they just kill me?  Youd do that for me Tom, youd have the balls to let me go if you could... youre a shrink, so that would be easy.
Im the only one in the universe who could help him on his way, Tom realized, and any wonderful counselor knows when its time to take care and its time for a mercy killing.  Just like a hospice nurse. 
No, you cant!  You might as well kill your own daughter; last overdose looked what happened
Bring him back to life and take him back to West Oaks... 
No!  Kill him with one needle and kill yourself with the other...  
Hurry, before Patty gets back, do something...  
You will kill again, youre not done yet. 
Sacrifice.  That was the thing to do.  Nobodys here watching and the ancient heroin wizard needed to be put-down.  Helping him out this way might actually save things, it might be the only way.  To let the wizard wake up in a hospital, to let him gain consciousness once again in the sonless world was cruel, but to let him reunite with the sacrificed son would be to live under Gods grace, be blessed.  It was the right thing to do, whatever might happen in Pattys womb; another father had to die that day.  Yes, Mr. Boston, I do have the balls to do this, and I do care, this father needs to die and I need to kill again. 
Tom looked at his client and sensed he could see the wizards body moving with tiny spurts.  Slits on his eyes were open, exposing a catlike pupil.  Tom wondered if Mr. Boston was conscious, wondered if he could see. 
The needle was hard and powerful in Toms hand, and he remembered the black nurse with the braided hair at the doctors office.  Rejoice, rejoice, she had told him.  Yes, a solemn rejoice.  It is over.  Tom leaned over the wizard, still feeling a soft heat from the fading bodys existence, and aimed the needle into the neck of the Boston father.  The injection was messy, not quite finding its mark, but Tom finally drew some blood and then felt his own heart pumping blood into the needle, into the tiny, metal bite, and then filling the jugular of the leathery neck. 
Mr. Boston was motionless, and his flesh was fading like a sun-bleached, desert rock.  Tom waited to see some foaming at the mouth, to hear a last wincing breath, but the wizard would not die easily.  Hes flat-lined before, three times, and each time had been revived, each time.  Even his son had visited him in the hospital. 
Tom glanced up to see if Patty was in eyesight, and then turned his head side to side.  Nobody was present, just the vague shadows of tombstones.  He held his breath to listen for sounds of an ambulance, sounds of footsteps, but still nothing except his own heart pounding against his sternum.  He had time, it was safe to continue. 
Im killing somebodyIm murdering a man, a father and a grandfather... 
As he grabbed the last needle, Tom looked into the tiny slits of the wizards eyes.  The eyes werent completely shut, and Tom imagined shooting a needle into each of the eyeballs.  What might that feel like, to be blinded by two smack-filled needles?  Or perhaps he should run his palms over the wizards eyelids and close them.  But no, that wouldnt be fair either.  The man should not die alone, he should die looking into the face of another, a counselors face whose smile flashed a bit of envy.  Youre getting out, its absurd here, hope its different somewhere else, but in case not, heres one last smile. 
Tom let the warm thoughts of Samantha spread a happy look across his face, beaming the smile toward the eyes of the ancient heroin wizard, as the last dose was injected.  He looked at the eyes of the dying man for as long as he could before turning his head to see Albert sneaking up, sniffing his way from grave to grave.  The only witness to the crime continued to wander off until his black fur blended into the darkening night air. 
An ambulance soon flashed its urgent lights in the black, cemetery parking lot, but the authorities were not in time to save the man who had wanted to commit suicide.  The final injection into the veins of Jason Boston, Sr. would be done at the mortuary; an IV of formaldehyde to embalm the ancient body. 
Chapter Thirty
Gray clouds were being scattered across the sky by a gusting wind.  Brown leaves blew off of the trees, and bits of garbage swirled in tiny, little tornadoes on parking lots across the suburban morning.  Mandy Gestalt sat cross-legged and could hear the windows of her daycare shake from the shrieking windstorm.  A shattering, sinking feeling was growing in her belly and she wanted to cry, wanted to scream, or wanted to somehow go home for good.  Tyler Bostons boot had just slaughtered the building blocks that made a bridge between her castle and her friend Staceys.  Stacey had stepped away for a moment, and now Mandy was left all alone with no sign of Ms. Mullins anywhere. 
Tyler Boston had been dropped off at daycare that morning by his grandmother.  Tylers grandfathers funeral was today, but Tyler had been through more than a young boy should and would be better off here with the other children.  Funerals made Tyler mean. 

The funeral procession following the body of Boston, Sr. was small; just ten cars long.  The wind rustled the orange flags sticking on the front and back cars that followed the hearse to the cemetery. 
James White waited for the funeral traffic to clear before making a left turn.  The traffic cleared after four short breaths, and James turned the truck with his left hand on the wheel.  His right hand stretched across the passenger seat to keep the retriever-lab mix from being thrown from the front seat.  It was the same way his mother would stick out a hand whenever shed stop fast or turn sharply. 
James was taking the dog to the sanctuary with him, and both of them were to be added to the mix of strays living at the farm.  Ra will visit, James spoke to the dog, and shell tell stories of trees from India.  Maybe we can even have Lester over for dinner and a bonfire. 
Just yesterday, James had found a black, terrier mix in the parking lot and recognized the hungry, little fellow from his walk with Ra.  It was Albert, the same dog his old counselor, Tom, had adopted last month.  Somehow the dog had shown up again, just sniffing around the parking lot.  Are you wandering here looking for me, little Albert? James had wondered, or are you looking for your counselor, Tom Cleaves from across the street?  You can probably smell both of us around here. 
James had phoned Tom at West Oaks to have the dog picked up.  He had suggested that Tom get a better collar so the dog wouldnt be mistaken for a stray next time he ran off. 
Thank you so much, Tom had said with a huge sigh.  He ran away at the cemetery.  Something happened there and we had to call an ambulanceits complicated, but we ended up leaving him.  I was so worried about him.  It was stupid of me to let him get away.  Im a better dog owner than that; Ill keep Albert safe next time.  I hope you know that. 
But Im glad you called, Tom had added, because there is something I was going to tell you.  Your dads name is Theodore, right?  Well he called, he called West Oaks and I talked with him.  He didnt sound like everything was okay, but wouldn't say anything else.  It sounded like something was wrong, and that he might not be able to call again.  But he did say something about enough forgiveness, and then he said he loved you.  Tom had made that clear.  Right before he hung up, he wanted me to say he loved you. 
A bile-boiling sickness had shot James in the chest.  Dad is alive, maybe he couldnt go back to the farm, maybe all the plans were shot.  Finally a perfect reason to go get drunk, he had thought, just go get a bottle of vodka and see what kind of world the next oblivion could take me to. 
But neither fear of his father, a bottle of vodka, nor a slow funeral procession of cars on a windy day could make James change his course.  He made up his mind to drive on and continue.  He would go to the farm, he would grow with Ra, flowing in and out of each other and creating new life, for it seemed his dad was actually gone even if Tom had heard his voice.  Something made James think Dad was still gone, and even if he wasnt gone, he said he loved me.  If my father is dead, or if he does come back, perhaps either way well all be safe. 
Thirty-three weeks later, when Ra gave birth, James called Tom to say thanks.  If it werent for you, the baby would never have been born, James said.  You helped me stay sober.  Without you, I would have never even met Ra. 
There was more that his counselor had done for him, but James didnt know how to explain these things.  Somehow his wonderful counselor had helped him to put the voice of his lost father to rest.  Now James could live amongst the rest of the strays and not really feel like a stray at all. 
And when James heard the news about Thomas Cleaves life, he was certain that coincidence is just Gods way of staying anonymous, and that we are all flowing in and out of each other all of the time, exchanging air and smells and love and memories.  This was the final truth, no more experimenting with other ideas. 
Tom Cleaves had become a father, and his daughter, Samantha, and the son of Ra had both taken their first breath from the air of the very same day. 

THE END



About The Author
Mark Matthews is a therapist who has worked in the behavioral-health field for nearly twenty years and has been writing for just as long. Stray is based on experiences working in a treatment center with an animal shelter right next door within barking distance. He is a graduate of the University of Michigan, a licensed professional counselor, and lives near Detroit with his wife and 2 daughters. 
His novel "On the Lips of Children," from Books of the Dead Press, was nominated as a semi-finalist for the 2014 Best Kindle Book Awards. It is based on a predawn run on a dark San Diego trail just as described in the novel. 
The follow up to this novel, MILK-BLOOD, tackles heroin addiction within the urban blight of Detroit and has received incredible reviews.
Matthews is an avid runner, and his second novel, The Jade Rabbit, is the story of a woman, adopted from China, who is raised in Detroit and runs marathons to deal with lingering trauma. A non-fiction book on running and addiction called "Chasing the Dragon: Running to Get High" is also available at major retailers.
