

Afghan Sunset:
A Jackson Pike Novella

Patrick Adams


.
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 Patrick Adams
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com


Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26


Prologue:
Code of Conduct of the U.S. Armed Forces
I am an American, fighting in the forces which guard my country and our way of life. I am prepared to give my life in their defense.
I will never surrender of my own free will. If in command, I will never surrender the members of my command while they still have the means to resist.
If I am captured, I will continue to resist by all means available. I will make every effort to escape and aid others to escape. I will accept neither parole nor special favors from the enemy.
If I become a prisoner of war, I will keep faith with my fellow prisoners. I will give no information or take part in any action which might be harmful to my comrades. If I am senior, I will take command. If not, I will obey the lawful orders of those appointed over me and will back them up in every way.
When questioned, should I become a prisoner of war, I am required to give name, rank, service number, and date of birth. I will evade answering further questions to the utmost of my ability. I will make no oral or written statements disloyal to my country and its allies or harmful to their cause.
I will never forget that I am an American, fighting for freedom, responsible for my actions, and dedicated to the principles which made my country free. I will trust in my God and in the United States of America.


Chapter 1:
The air that whipped by the tiny bits of exposed skin on my face was cold. Bitingly cold; but it was always cold during HALO jumps.
I turned to Chief Jones who was sitting across the cargo bay of the hulking gray aircraft.
He gave me a thumbs up, a subtle and non-verbal reassurance. As usual, his confidence helped to steady my nerves. And since our voices were drown out by the drone of the airplane's four engines, the thumbs up was the best that the Chief could do.
The C-130 was cruising at close to 150 knots and at an altitude in excess of 27,000 feet.
We were waiting for the jumpmasters to signal our first High Altitude Low Opening (HALO) jump in country.
Although I wouldn't admit it to any of the more junior SEALs, I was nervous.
I wasn't nervous about the jump.
I was nervous about what we'd find when we reached our assigned target.
The suspected weapons depot where we were bound was a fortress by any definition, crouched in a well protected valley and collocated with a school.
I shook my head and controlled my breathing as I checked my oxygen bottle's pressure gauge.
My hands were shaking slightly, but when the Air Force jumpmaster gave us the standby signal, the nerves went away.
The other SEALs and I stood simultaneously. As always, the Chief pushed his way to the front of the line.
"Lead by example" he was fond of saying.
The aerial delivery panel was eerily bright in the dark cargo compartment of the C-130 as the men and I peered anxiously at the red light of the panel, waiting for it to turn green.
When the light came, it illuminated the entire cargo bay an eerie shade of green.
The shadows of eight fully armed US Navy SEALs stepped into the darkness, backlit by the green hue of the jump signal as each hurled himself from the cargo bay door and into the black night.
I followed without hesitation, switching on my Night Vision Goggles (NVGs) as I sprinted full speed from the cargo bay and into the blackness of the night, breathing hungrily through my oxygen mask.
The roar of the aircraft's engines was replaced seconds later by the bite of the close to -40 degree wind rushing past my face and the howl of the night air screaming past my ears.
I soon neared terminal velocity. I could see the other men in my NVGs, shadowy figures in the night sky falling through the air towards our landing zone.
The mountains around us were back lit in the starry night as we fell through the blackness. The land below was dark but for occasional clusters of light.
In the distance the lights of Kabul offered the only cultural lighting, a blanket of white lights glowing green in the aperture of the NVGs.
I glanced beneath the goggles to the pressure altimeter affixed like a watch to my left wrist.
We were at 17,500 feet.
My men were each checking their own pressure altimeters.
Through the NVGs, small lights of cook fires and the occasional soft electric glow of cultural lighting blurred brightly in my vision as we fell through the cold blackness.
The GPS attached to my other wrist would guide us to the landing zone.
I peered beneath the goggles again, this time to the small GPS screen on my right wrist. We were within a mile of the LZ already.
13,000 feet.
The barometric elevation of the landing zone was 6,500 feet.
We wouldn't open our parachutes until approximately 1,000 feet above the ground, which meant 7,500 feet on my barometric readout.
8,000 feet.
I pulled the long rip cord attached to my parachute and saw a flurry of chutes open from the men beneath me.
The heavy jerk of chute's drag was a shock to my system as my eyes scanned back towards the GPS. A quarter mile to the LZ.
"Rendezvous point Charlie." I spoke into the press to talk transmitter microphone attached to my headset.
"Roger." The voice was quiet but confident. That would be Chief Jones.
The remaining 1,000 feet of altitude seemed interminable.
Too many men had been taken by enemy sniper fire while hanging helpless in the chute.
So as always it was a relief when my boots touched the hard ground and I executed the parachute landing fall, allowing my knees to bend beneath my body and falling to the side, the action absorbing the impact of the rocky ground.
I cut the chute loose and gathered the silk, tucking it back into my pack as I scanned the horizon through my goggles.
Eight men stood in the darkness, illuminated in the green scintillation of the NVGs as I shrugged my pack back on and stepped towards the East side of the open clearing towards rendezvous point Charlie.
The dark hulking form of Chief Jones met me halfway.
"The clearing is secured. No injuries on the jump."
"Roger," I replied scanning the field.
"The target is 10 clicks from here. It should take just under an hour and a half in this terrain. Have the men prepare to move out."
"Roger that, sir." Mike Jones turned and went to work, speaking softly into his microphone transmitter.
I took a knee and pulled a land navigation map outlining the terrain and obstructions from my pack.
Our target was a large compound in a remote village nearby, shrouded by mountains and surrounded by the seemingly omnipresent poppy fields.
The facility was heavily fortified, and based on satellite surveillance was suspected of being a staging area for insurgent operations in the area.
The fighting in this province had been the worst in country during the past few months, costing numerous American lives.
Based on intelligence gathered from detainees and from satellite reconnaissance, the heavily fortified facility was thought to be a Taliban stronghold.
But the mission was a delicate one.
That's why they had sent us.
SEAL Team 6; the best of the best. The Special Warfare Development Group.
Our eight man team was deemed the best military option.
They had considered a tactical bombing of the facility, but the compound included a school. And the command wanted Intel.
Where were these weapons coming from? Who was providing the firepower?
U.S. forces had pretty well shut down the main border crossings since the invasion, but the Taliban and Al Qaeda fighters continued to be well armed and well supplied.
It was maddening.
And this was the best lead the military had on the source of the arms influx into Afghanistan.
It was my team's job to gather as much intelligence as possible before destroying the facility with a minimum number of civilian casualties.
I folded the chart and tucked it in my right cargo pocket. The GPS affixed to my arm would guide us to the compound, but old habits die hard and I always liked to check the map.
"The men are ready." It was Mike Jones' voice, but despite myself I still jumped. Very few men could sneak up on me, but Mike Jones was one of them.
I turned to face the hulking black form of Jones. In the darkness, I could see him smile in my NVGs. He knew he'd gotten the drop on me, and was allowing himself a moment of satisfaction. I returned the grin and slapped him on the back, turning towards the men who knelt in a small semicircle around us.
"You gentlemen know the mission, and the risks." I said in nearly a whisper. "Lets get a move out. It'll take about an hour and a half to the outskirts of town. I'll take point first."
I shrugged my pack higher on my back and stepped through the field towards the darkened shrubbery which defined the start of our trek.
I could hear the creaking of weapons and men behind me as we walked single file, shadows in the darkness of the Afghan mountains.
The planners had chosen an apt name for this mission, I thought as I peered through the pitch black night ahead through my NVGs, sweeping the horizon with my silenced M4 carbine.
Afghan Sunset.


Chapter 2:
I shook my head as we rounded the last bend on the goat trail that led West towards the nearest valley and our targeted weapons depot.
My estimate for timing of our march had been almost spot on.
The terrain had slowed us down slightly, but the march to the compound had taken around an hour and forty-two minutes, leaving us with approximately six hours remaining before sunrise.
Per the intelligence, six hours should be plenty of time overcome the security forces which were deemed minimal, gather intelligence, and demolish the facility before returning to our extraction point a kilometer North of the compound.
I scanned the horizon.
The compound itself looked much as it did from the satellite pictures I'd seen.
Chief Jones and I were crouched behind a large rock on the outskirts of town, surveying the black building through our NVGs.
Sentries were said to walk a standard pattern, clockwise around the exterior wall, which stood twelve feet tall and ringed the compound. Tall minarets of a small mosque stood starkly against the night sky, illuminated in the green glow of our goggles.
"What do you think, Chief?" I asked, glancing at Jones.
"Intel states that we could expect sentries and some electronic surveillance near the entry point. I see neither."
I nodded. "Could they have relocated the weapons?"
The Chief shook his head. "Our latest satellite photos were from yesterday. Didn't show anything out of the ordinary in the compound. Normal operations."
"Doesn't seem right." I said softly.
The Chief let out a low groan in response.
I turned back to the SEALs who stood in a small semicircle awaiting our direction.
"Saddle up. All entry points have been assigned. Execute the plan as briefed. We meet at the rendezvous point."
"Turner," I said, turning to the young demolition expert to my left, "you are on the demolition of the facility. Wait for the call and get to the main store immediately. Intel puts it in the large building near the center of the complex."
"Yes, sir." Turner said, nodding his blonde head as he shifted his pack and glanced towards the complex.
I slung my pack higher on my back and crouched low behind the rock as Chief Jones shifted his weight on his heels behind me.
I could hear him quietly checking his weapon and tightening his gear. He was always been very careful to check his gear before entering a facility, a habit he encouraged in his men.
"Lets go." I said quietly to no one in particular through our encrypted headset radio.
I could see the silhouettes of my men in the cool darkness of the mountains as they branched out into four teams of two and began advancing steadily through the pitch black night, each man covering the next as we moved in staggered formation towards our assigned entry points.
The facility was quiet and dark in the cool night air.
We covered the hard ground of the mountain valley quickly and judiciously, Mike Jones and I taking turns on point, each careful to provide cover for the next as he jogged slowly forward.
When we finally reached the gray concrete of the twelve foot security wall we still had not seen any signs of resistance or observation.
We were both crouched low. The Chief was on point now as we moved towards the heavy wooden door of the South entrance.
The Chief pulled a metal breacher bar from his pack when we reached the door.
He gripped the cold aluminum in his strong hands before realizing that he didn't need it.
The door to the tall concrete walls of the facility was hanging slightly off its top hinge.
Chief Jones nodded to me and signaled our entrance to the facility.
I clutched my silenced M4 lightly in my hands, sweeping the horizon as I nodded back.
I glanced at my watch and gave him the signal.
"Entering the South door." He said into our encrypted radio as he kicked the door in and burst through the exterior wall.
I was close behind him.
From my head set, I could hear the other teams entering the facility.
"Shit." Mike said as I continued to crouch low, sweeping for hostile action through my goggles.
My eyes followed Mike's gaze to the ground.
Two men lay at our feet in a congealing puddle of blood, stacked on top of one another, their AK-47 assault rifles laying neatly beside them.
"Be advised," I spoke into the radio. "South door guards are dead."
The reports from the other three teams were the same. At each entry point, the guards were dead, laid neatly on top of one another near their assigned security checkpoints.
Our instincts had been right. Something was definitely wrong here.


Chapter 3:
It wasn't long before we realized that we were surrounded.
In the distance, through the dusty alleyways of the compound we could make out forms moving through the blackness.
The shadows danced in the eerie green light of our NVGs as we crouched low, scanning the horizon.
Chief Jones moved judiciously, stepping over the corpses of the former security guards as we moved to the rendezvous point.
I made the call. "Rendezvous point Delta. Five minutes." The radio crackled to silence.
The other teams offered subdued affirmations.
I followed Mike's dark form as he crept through darkened compound North towards the central plaza.
Mike stopped and turned to me, raising a fist as he signaled me to hold position.
I crouched low, sweeping the alley with my silenced M4 as he drew a long and sinister looking black Ka-Bar bayonet from his belt holster.
A dark form stepped around the corner moments later, and Mike wrapped him in a powerful bear hug before running the razor sharp edge of the black blade full force across the man's throat.
Chief Jones turned to me and nodded, his hand simultaneously waving me in his direction.
We continued through the darkened alleyways of the small compound towards rendezvous point Delta. In the distance, the NVGs illuminated the darkened minarets of the compound's mosque, backlit against a starry sky.
It seemed like it took an eternity to reach the stairwell on the West side of the mosque.
As the tallest building in the compound, it provided the greatest tactical advantage when plans went awry, as they already had.
I smiled slightly as I thought about how the State Department would like to explain us using a house of worship as cover from enemy fire, before forcing myself to refocus.
There would be time for rumination later.
Mike and I stepped up the concrete stairs towards the roof of the mosque. Two of our team members, the men who had entered through the nearby West entrance had already established a fortified position on the landing.
After identifying ourselves and walking the rest of the way up the crumbling concrete stairs, we reached the flat roof.
Mike seemed to relax slightly as our numbers doubled, but an air of danger still surrounded Chief Jones as he spoke softly to the other two men.
As he did, I stepped to the edge of the roof and peered over the low concrete wall into the central plaza below.
The circumstances had certainly changed.
Below me stood several large trucks idling as men loaded cases of what I could only assume to be weapons into the vehicles. I signaled to Mike. There were likely close to forty heavily armed men in the plaza.
Over the next several minutes, the remaining four members of our team reached the rendezvous point.
I turned and walked to the center of the rooftop, where the men awaited instruction.
My voice was a whisper. "There are approximately forty heavily armed enemy combatants in the plaza below. They seem to be loading most, if not all of the weapons stored at this facility into trucks. They are a force of at least five times our strength. We have two options: we can head to the extraction point, or engage."
It was Martinez that was the first to speak, shaking his head in the darkness. "If we leave, those weapons will be used to kill American soldiers. We came here to do a mission. I for one want to see it done."
The Chief grunted.
I nodded, scanning the semicircle of crouched Navy SEALs that surrounded me before smiling slightly.
"Well, gentlemen let's get to work." I said.
I mapped out a quick and simple strategy that would allow us to engage a force much larger than our own.
It was a variation of a simple tactic that special operations forces had used for years in similar circumstances; split your force into small, mobile units, strike quickly and with maximum devastation, cut off the ability of the enemy to retreat, and move quickly between fall back ambush positions.
It was classic guerilla warfare stuff and the men all nodded in response as the Chief split them into teams once more.
"You heard the LT. Fall out."
The Chief and I would remain on the roof of the mosque, while the other men scattered throughout the facility in teams of two.
We stepped to the low abutment of the concrete roof, where the Chief and I crouched and loaded the rocket launchers affixed to our M4 carbines. We'd take out the first and third trucks, trapping the men below. That would be the signal for the rest of our team to engage.
At least, that was the plan.


Chapter 4:
I don't know how they knew where we were.
But they did.
The Chief and I barely escaped the low concrete abutment than ringed the mosque's rooftop as a rocket propelled grenade sailed past us and into the concrete building and sent a shower of concrete and steel raining down upon us.
"Engage." I said as calmly as possible into the radio as the Chief and I almost simultaneously fired the grenade launchers attached to the muzzles of our M4 carbines into the compound, destroying both the lead and trailing trucks.
The resulting explosion was devastating.
The grenades must have detonated whatever explosives and ammunition had been loaded into the trucks. The blast sent a concussion through the entire compound and left smoldering heaps of twisted metal aflame in the center of the compound.
Peering from the rooftop, I could see the small pockets of resistance and hear the successive concussions of small arms fire that indicated our two man guerilla SEAL teams moving about the compound.
Unfortunately, most of these small teams had not made it into position before the enemy had engaged. They were still on the move, darting for whatever cover they could as the enemy did the same.
The enemy forces moved much more judiciously and with a great deal more precision and leadership than I'd ever seen in resistance fighters. The men were well trained. Coordinated.
I crouched behind the low concrete abutment.
The reports were coming in.
We'd sustained two casualties so far. My eight man team was scattered throughout the compound. All stations reported engaging a large and highly trained enemy force.
"Roger. Fall back to our previous position," I said, hoping that the roof of the mosque would offer us at least the tactical advantage of elevation as we engaged the superior force.
"Chief and I will cover the retreat through the courtyard. Move out." The radio crackled to silence.
I nodded to Chief Jones and we both went to work, our weapons sweeping carefully through the compound, the burning trucks offering all the lighting we needed to pick off what enemy forces dared to venture into the open.
My men trickled in.
Two were carried on stretchers. Petty Officer Turner, our demolition expert. And Petty Officer Stone, our newest member.
"What's the status of the wounded?" I asked Martinez, our field medic.
"Turner is dead, sir. Stone is unconscious. He took the brunt of that concussion when the two trucks exploded."
"OK. Let's call for the MEDEVAC helicopter and tactical air support. I'd say our efforts at stealth are no longer required."
I turned to the remaining five ambulatory members of our Team. "Make that courtyard a killing field."
The men went to work. For the next hour not a man moved from cover in the courtyard below without falling dead to the dusty pavement.
But it couldn't last.
The force below began to advance on our position, RPGs firing from the rooftops and darkened windows around us as sniper fire echoed from the shadows.
Martinez took a bullet to the throat. There was no saving him.
The Chief was next. A round ricocheted into his upper thigh and he went down, leaning his broad back against the crumbling concrete of the low barrier around the rooftop. I knelt beside him.
The round had hit an artery.
"Shit." I said.
I removed my belt and instructed Mike to tie a tourniquet.
We needed air support immediately.
I collapsed heavily against the low concrete wall that separated our team from the sustained small arms fire from the compound below.
Between the ricochets of gunfire from the remaining two ambulatory team members, I spoke into the transmitter of my satellite radio.
"Position as follows." I stated, a strange calm in my voice. "North 34-49.122, East 69-47.244; request immediate close air support.
I coughed. The air was tinged with the odor of blood still seeping from the Chief's wound. A haze of cordite, smoke and death hung in the dry mountain air as I leaned back and shook my head.
"Cease fire!" I called. "Take cover."
We crouched low against what remained of the crumbling waist high wall of the mosque's roof. Our breathing was still as the F/A 18 pilots read back our position over the satellite radio.
"Trident Six," Read back the aviator after confirming the coordinates. "Inbound at this time."
As always, the sound of rapidly approaching combat aircraft brought most of the sustained enemy small arms fire to a halt. As we lay on the dusty and blood soaked concrete, the sound of the F/A 18 fighter jets became louder, until a deafening explosion rendered the world dark.


Chapter 5:
"What the fuck?"
Those were the first words that escaped from my lips when I awoke, not in the blood and ash of an Afghan weapons depot, but staring at the white ceiling of a military hospital.
The first thing I did was raise my head from the soft pillow and check my extremities.
They were all there. Two arms and two legs.
I leaned back once more against the fluffy pillow supporting my neck and shoulders. My head ached like I'd been hit by a train, and I could feel the tightly wrapped bandages spun around my hairline.
"Good morning, LT." The voice belonged to a young nurse walking the concrete floor, her feet falling lightly as she stepped towards me.
"Where am I?" I asked, pressing myself closer to a sitting position as she approached.
The hospital was set up like a barracks, with beds spaced every ten feet or so. Most were unoccupied.
"You are in a field hospital at Bagram Air Force Base." She said.
"You were hit in the head by a piece of flying debris. Your helmet likely saved your life. You've been unconscious for a few hours."
"My team?" I asked, looking around the ward.
"I'll get the doctor." The young Air Force nurse shook her head, and stepped down the long passageway.
They were dead. I knew that already. Her eyes told the whole story; she just wasn't authorized to tell me.
I clenched my fists on the itchy hospital sheet and waited.
My head was spinning as I closed my eyes and stilled my breath.
"LT Pike?" The voice was in stark contrast to the twenty-something nurse who I'd spoken with moments ago.
It was rough and gravely, the voice of a man who's seen too much suffering.
I opened my eyes and looked up. An Army doctor stood above me in green scrubs.
He held a chart and was flipping through the pages.
I nodded. "I'm LT Pike."
The doctor cleared his throat. "I'm Dr. Smith. You've already met LT Taylor," he said, indicating the young nurse from moments ago.
I nodded again. Behind the doctor stood two men in dark suits, still unidentified by the doctor.
The Captain must have noticed my curious gaze.
"The gentlemen standing behind me are agents from the Naval Criminal Investigative Service."
He cleared his throat before continuing.
"Medically, you suffered a head injury which resulted in a severe concussion, loss of consciousness and a minor skull fracture. You'll need to be observed for the next week or so, following which we will order a battery of tests to determine the amount of damage that may have been done."
"I understand." I said, all the while staring at the men who stood behind the doctor with expressionless eyes.
"It is also my duty to inform you that this mission resulted in the loss of six American lives. All members of your team. You and one other member survived." He looked down at the chart once more. "A Chief Petty Officer Michael Jones."
He nodded. "I'll let the agents fill you in on the bulk of the details."
The doctor stepped away, the young nurse close in trail as they continued their rounds of the near empty medical facility.
The two men in suits stepped closer, the first clearing his throat as he pulled a note pad from his jacket and clicked a clear, government-issue blue pen.
"LT Pike," he began. "As the doctor stated, last night's mission resulted in the loss of six American lives."
He looked at the other agent before looking me in the eyes. "But that's not why we are here."
I nodded. Waiting.
"LT Jackson Pike, he said. You are being charged with violation of the Uniform Code of Military Justice, article 113 for conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman, and article 118, premeditated murder."
I opened my mouth, but words failed me. Murder?
I finally stammered something unintelligible, followed by a mumbled question "Murder?"
The taller of the two agents, who had been silent until now finally spoke. "LT Pike, you have the right to remain silent..."
I tuned out the rest of the litany of Miranda rights. My head was spinning. I laid back on the uncomfortable hospital bed and did just what the men had recommended.
I remained silent.


Chapter 6:
Day was breaking and my legs ached as we stepped down the cargo ramp of the C-130 at Marine Corps Air Station, Oceana, VA.
It had been a week of tests and observation in Afghanistan. Once I was medically cleared, we had departed for the United States.
I turned one last time and looked into the cavernous cargo bay of the huge aircraft, which had been occupied by only three men. It had been only me and the two NCIS agents who were escorting me to the Naval Brig in Norfolk to await trial for the premeditated murder of twenty Afghan civilians.
Although it had been more than a week since I was read my Miranda rights, I'd still said nothing. To be honest, I was struggling to comprehend the accusations.
It was all over the news.
A rogue Navy SEAL Team had destroyed a mosque and school in the mountains outside of Kabul, killing more than twenty children in the boarding school nearby before calling in an airstrike on the facility.
At least that was the story that was being broadcast on the airwaves around the world.
And I'd be the first to admit, that's what it looked like from the outside.
Only my team and I knew the truth.
And all but one member of my team was dead.
The props of the C-130 aircraft thudded to a stop as the agents escorted me further down the cold metal ramp of the cargo plane and to a waiting black SUV that would bring me to the Naval prison colloquially known as "The Brig".
I climbed into the vehicle; my body exhausted from the more than 20 hour flight from Afghanistan, my mind racing as the reality of my situation sank in.
Al Jazeera International had covered the story from the very beginning.
The images were disturbing, to say the least. The charred bodies, the blood, the destroyed school, and only a few armed and fully grown men distributed throughout.
It was a far cry from the estimated forty armed men who had set upon us the night of the mission.
And what was worse, there had been no enemy arms store located at the facility. The trucks had been destroyed, whatever weapons remained burned beyond recognition by the air strike that had saved my life but killed my team.
The engine of the black government vehicle turned over and the Petty Officer outside the rear of the vehicle tossed the agents' luggage unceremoniously into the vehicle. He slammed the metal doors shut, saluting smartly as the driver pulled away from the huge gray airplane.
We crossed the ramp to the main drive of the base, where an escort of two police cars awaited our arrival.
They took up position in front of and behind the black Suburban and we rolled down the road, other vehicles moving to the side as the flashing of police lights drove them from our path.
The need for the escort became obvious when we passed the fading gray sign that read "Drive Safely" and indicated the exit of the Naval facility.
Outside of the gate, reporters and protesters alike waited.
Though the driver maneuvered easily through the crowd, held back from the road by Marines, I was staggered by the size of the crowd.
The tale of the "rogue" Navy SEAL had gone international.
It seemed trials these days were tried less in court and more in the court of public opinion, and in that courtroom my team and I seemed to be losing.
I sighed and pressed my head wearily into the leather back seat of the Suburban.
The agents were silent, as was I... As I had been since I was read my rights.
I would be assigned an attorney here in Norfolk.
The SUV was on the interstate now, proceeding rapidly past vehicles that pulled to the side as the police escort's lights flashed in their rear view mirrors, the unaware drivers probably thinking me some kind of dignitary.
I almost smiled at the thought, the handcuffs digging into my sore wrists as I tried to ignore the discomfort.
I was definitely no dignitary.
I was also definitely no murderer.


Chapter 7:
The past few days had been surreal.
Like walking through the smoke of battle, constantly reminded by the reality of the situation and yet yearning to wake, as if from a bad dream.
When the thick metal door of the Brig's cell closed and the lock slid into place, reality was as harsh as it had ever been.
The locking mechanism clicked three times.
My lawyer would be here in the morning.
Until then, there was nothing to do.
I lay on the gray bed, folding the hard and lumpy pillow into some semblance of a headrest.
My eyes slowly closed and the image of the cracked concrete ceiling of the prison cell faded from my vision, replaced by thoughts of my family.
Images of my wife Leigh and daughter Clementine danced through my mind as I lay in a state far from asleep but not quite awake.
I was sure they'd seen the news.
I wish the agents had let me call them, to tell them that I was alright.
I shifted on the hard bed and rolled onto my side.
They would know I was innocent of the charges. That's all that mattered.
That thought gave me more peace than any of the past few days, and I let my thoughts drift as I laid my head on the lumpy prison pillow and finally drifted into a fitful sleep.
When I woke up, I was covered in sweat and my heart was racing.
Images of the night my team had been killed cascaded through my memory, mixed with the photos that had been broadcast across Al Jazeera and even the American news networks.
I shook my head. It was rapidly getting to the point that even I didn't know what was true anymore.
I sighed, pushing the doubt from my mind and surveying my surroundings.
I had never been to prison, but this one was not what I would have expected.
A heavy metal door with a small window at face level sealed me into the solitary cell.
The furnishings were Spartan. An uncomfortable bed, a metal toilet and sink in the far corner of the small room. Solid concrete walls painted an odd shade of gray.
It was a far cry from the image I'd pictured in my mind. I guess I'd expected the classic cell from Western movies; thick metal bars, and a little metal cup to clink against the heavy steel gate.
Least they could have done was give me the little metal cup to clink, I thought, trying to smile.
I glanced at my wrist.
They had taken my watch when I got here.
Being in a world with no indication of time was a strange feeling for a Navy SEAL.
For years, my life had revolved around being in a certain place at a certain time. In the SEALs, time was everything.
Time was life and death. It was the difference between being at an extraction point in time or being in enemy territory when the airstrike came.
I shuddered and rolled over on the bed again, staring at the ceiling.
The airstrike.
The flight of FA/18 aircraft must have dropped the bombs long.
That's the only explanation I could come up with.
In five years with the SEALs, I'd never seen that happen. Oh, I'd seen long drops. I'd seen pilots make mistakes. I'd even survived a couple of helicopter crashes in the mountains of Afghanistan.
But I'd never seen that big of an error.
The coordinates had been spot on.
But, I guess I'd never know what happened up there that caused the pilots to drop their ordinance almost directly on top of our team.
Chief Jones and I had been closest to the small concrete abutment of the mosque's roof. We'd been protected from the fireball and resulting shrapnel from the blast.
I rolled over fitfully once more and pounded at the lumpy little pillow under my head.
Outside in the hallway I could hear guards doing intermittent rounds.
I heard doors opening and closing with heavy clinking sounds. The buzzing of security doors being opened and closed. It was the rhythm of the prison.
It was something I would need to get used to.
I closed my eyes once more and drifted to sleep, thinking of my wife Leigh and daughter Clementine once more. Hoping they believed my innocence.


Chapter 8:
Reveille.
Really? As if jail wasn't bad enough, they fucking played reveille here.
Well, it was a military prison, after all.
I supposed it needed to combine the shitty parts of both the military and prison.
But it didn't matter.
I was already up.
Already on my third set of push ups, sit ups and squats.
If there was one thing I'd learned from all of my years in stressful and demanding situations it was that a healthy body was key to a healthy mind, a healthy outlook and the ability to handle any situation.
So when the loud buzz of my cell door unlocking sounded, I'd already washed my face and shaved with the single bladed safety razor which had been sitting on cold metal of my counter.
Can't hurt anyone with this, I remembered thinking sardonically when I first saw the chintzy plastic razor.
I pulled my BDU top over my head as the door swung open and I stepped out into the harsh fluorescent light of the hallway, looking left and right.
I was the only one in the hallway, besides the two prison guards standing in front of me.
I recognized one of the men from the night before. A burly black man. Name was Peters, if I remembered right. He carried himself like he knew how to handle his close to three hundred pound frame.
"Good morning, Petty Officer Peters." I said, scanning the empty cells to either side of my own. "Where is everyone else?"
He just nodded and took up position behind my arm.
"You have not been convicted of a crime, LT Pike. You are being held at the Naval Brig in Norfolk until an Article 32 Hearing of the Uniform Code of Military Justice can be convened. There's no one else in the hallway because you are the only one currently being held in pre-trial confinement."
I nodded and followed the two men down the hallway and into a small beige room where a man in a clean and pressed service dress uniform stood, a briefcase clutched in his hands.
He pushed a small wire rimmed set of glasses higher on his face as I entered and extended his hand while Peters and the other, skinnier guard closed the heavy steel door behind me.
"Good morning Jackson, I'm Lieutenant Commander Myers. I'm your assigned Judge Advocate General attorney."
I shook his hand and sat down. I looked around the beige room and frowned. "Well I wouldn't call it a good morning. Have you heard from my wife?"
"I was just assigned the case this morning, but I can certainly get in touch with your family. I may even be able to schedule a visit."
He sat down on the other side of the small steel table and laid the briefcase down on its side, popping open the locks.
"That would be great," I said, smiling slightly for the first time since I'd been taken into custody.
"Lieutenant Pike," the attorney's face was very serious. "I need to tell you that this is a very serious case. It is also sadly a case which has garnered international attention, meaning that the administration, the Secretary of State, and even the Department of Defense are pushing for a quick resolution."
I nodded slowly. "A quick resolution?"
"Jackson, these are serious charges. The Naval Criminal Investigative Service at the request of the Afghan Provisional Government are charging you with the premeditated murder of twenty children."
I shook my head. "There were no children in that facility when my team arrived."
The attorney shook his head and flipped open his hard-sided leather briefcase, pulling out several photos and laying them on the table.
He looked at me as I stared at the bloody photos of numerous slain children, murdered assassination style, still in their bedclothes. "Well, Lieutenant, there were when you left."
I stared at the table.
"My team engaged a heavily armed force within the facility. There were close to forty fully grown, armed men. We were pinned down on the roof of the mosque. I called in an airstrike. That can all be accessed via the satellite radio feed which the combat air controllers recorded. The helmet cameras should prove the rest."
The lawyer nodded. "The satellite radio feed is garbled and incomprehensible, and the helmet camera digital video recording is unavailable."
I slammed my fist on the table. "What the hell do you mean? That is TOP SECRET material. It should have been properly tagged and tracked by the medical personnel on the rescue helicopters."
The lawyer stood up. "I agree. But I'm just telling you where we stand. At this point it is looking like the trial will consist of your testimony plus the testimony of Chief Petty Officer Jones against the evidence on scene of what the media have dubbed the 'mosque massacre'."
I shook my head again, the cobwebs failing to clear.
The lawyer pulled a small black tape recorder from his briefcase and set it on the table. "I need to know everything. As your attorney, I'm cleared at the highest levels. Do not hold anything back. I need to know as much detail as you can muster about that night. The consequences of neglecting minor details cannot be overstated."
I stared at the photos of the bloody children on the desk. "What consequences might those be?" I asked.
The lawyer looked back at me, unblinking. "Lieutenant Pike, if you are convicted of these crimes, the government is likely to push for capital punishment."


Chapter 9:
When the cell door slammed closed behind me, I braced my back against the concrete wall and slid slowly to the floor, my eyes fixated on the stolid concrete wall directly in front of me.
I must have sat like that for a while. Before I knew it, the loud buzzing noise sounded once more and the heavy steel door to my cell was opening again.
A new guard was calling me into the bright fluorescent lights of the hallway. I sighed and stood slowly before walking into the harsh light.
"Lunch time," The chubby young Petty Officer said as he escorted me down the hallway in the opposite direction from the interrogation room where I'd spent the better part of the morning with my lawyer.
Myers seemed like a decent enough man and a diligent attorney.
I suppose I should be grateful for that.
We stepped into the large dining facility of the Naval Brig and I looked around. For the first time, I was exposed to the other prisoners.
These were not men in pre-trial confinement like me, but men convicted of crimes by a military criminal court. These were men who were serving out their sentences.
If I was convicted, I wouldn't be fortunate enough to be sentenced here.
Norfolk Naval Brig is a Level One Facility, housing members convicted of lesser felonies and not deemed a hazard to themselves or others.
No, if I was convicted I would likely be sent to the only Level Three Military Correctional Facility in the country: Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
It was strange. The Naval Brig in Norfolk's dining hall reminded me of a normal military dining hall.
Even the members within the facility were in uniform.
The men in the facility stepped in an orderly fashion through the line to the sneeze guard and received a simple metal tray with some type of slop spilling from the sides.
Some were given bread and water, obviously a form of punishment.
My study of the facility was cut short by a not-so-gentle nudge in the small of my back.
"Go on. Get in line. We'll be back to bring you to your cell after chow." The pudgy Petty Officer smiled a crooked, joyless grin and I complied.
I was the only man here wearing battle dress.
My attire and the SEAL trident emblazoned on my fading green uniform was enough to draw the attention of most everyone in the room as I stepped slowly towards the end of the line.
I could see men whispering to one another, could see them leaning in towards one another in my peripheral vision.
They had seen the news.
These men knew who I was, and moreover they knew what I was accused of.
I moved through the line and received my brown slop and white bread. I could tell now that the slop was some type of brown stew, more brown than stew.
I thanked the young man and moved on, searching for an open seat.
The room was large, interspersed with big round tables. The windows were set high and laced with chicken wire. They allowed in a decent amount of natural light, but prevented inmates from seeing the surrounding Naval facility. The walls were painted the same beige as the interrogation room where I had spent the morning with my attorney.
I wove slowly through the metal tables. None were completely full. I walked up to the closest and took a seat on the small affixed metal stool, nodding to the men around me.
As I did, all but one of the men stood and simultaneously carried their trays to other tables.
The man who remained stared quietly at his plate and took a sip of water.
"Aren't you going to leave too?" I asked as I dipped my white bread into the brown sauce on my plastic tray and slurped it hungrily into my mouth.
The man shook his head and turned back to his meal.
"Thanks for staying with me," I said.
The man nodded, before turning to look me dead in the eyes. "They think you killed all of those kids. Is that true?"
I shook my head. "No. No it is not."
He nodded. He was probably close to forty, one of the oldest inmates at the facility. Still, he was fit. Mandatory PT was likely a big part of the routine here.
He set his water cup down on the tray and stood up. Before leaving he lowered his voice slightly and leaned in. "Watch yourself in here. A lot of these men hate you for what you are accused of doing."
I nodded. I could sense the hostility since I walked into the room. "I will."
He turned and walked away, setting his tray on the scullery window sill before stepping down the long hallway that led to what I could only assume was the cell block.


Chapter 10:
The chubby young guard didn't stay away for long.
In fact, I was barely done wiping up the last of the brown residue from my plastic tray with the heel of a stale piece of bread when I sensed his presence behind me.
"You have a visitor." He said, and I stood.
I nodded and carried my tray to the same counter I'd seen the thin man leave his and stepped out the door to the long hallway.
We walked past my cell and back toward the beige interrogation room at the end of the hall.
As the door swung open slowly, Leigh stood up from behind the metal visitor's table.
I smiled, my face feeling like it was about to break. A sense of joy and relief washed over me. A tear dotted my vision..
She squeaked when she saw me and rushed over. She threw her thin arms around my neck hugged me close.
Behind us, the guard cleared his throat and she let go. "Sorry. They told me that I wasn't supposed to touch you."
I smiled slowly, tears coming fully to my eyes now as I moved towards the metal chair tucked on the opposite side of the table.
"How is Clementine?" I asked, as Leigh sat down next to me, adjusting the hem on her white skirt as she tried to sit daintily in the cold metal prison chair.
"She's confused, Jackson. Just like her mom."
She looked at the table for a long moment.
I nodded. "Leigh, look at me."
She raised her head a few inches and her piercing green eyes peered into mine.
"I didn't do what they are accusing me of."
Tears came to her eyes now and she dabbed at them with a balled up tissue in her hand. I could tell now that she had been crying for a while.
"I'm going to prove my innocence. I'll prove it to you, to the court, to the American people, and most of all, to Clementine. I promise you that."
Tears began to run down her face again as I stood up. "I love you." I said softly into her ear as I walked towards the heavy steel door next to the chubby young guard.
Leigh stood up once more and ran over to me before I made it even half way. She threw her arms around me again and held me tightly as she weakly sobbed. The guard shifted his feet uncomfortably and cleared his throat.
"That's enough," he finally said before placing a soft, chubby hand on my shoulder and guiding me through the door.
Tears streamed down my face as I stepped down the hall towards my cell, the chubby young guard in tow. When we reached the heavy metal door of my cell I blinked heavily and forced the tears from my eyes.
I lay in the cell for a while before the loud buzzing noise returned and the guard was back.
It must have been a shift change because the rotund young white kid had been replaced by the burly black guard from the day before.
"Good afternoon, Petty Officer Peters."
He just shrugged and grunted something unintelligible in greeting before he said, "Your attorney is here."
I nodded and he followed me down the hall once more.
The door swung open once more, and my attorney stood, motioning towards the metal chair across from him.
I sat.
"Mr. Pike," he said, "Your Article 32 hearing has been moved up."
I nodded.
Article 32 hearings were the precursor to the legal proceedings where I'd be charged with murder. In essence, within military law, the Article 32 hearing was the opportunity for the Judge Advocate General to determine whether sufficient evidence existed to indict me on the charges.
"When?" I asked.
"Two days. Legally, they cannot hold you longer than two days in pre-trial confinement without your Commanding Officer's permission." He paused.
"He's refused to give it."
I smiled. Commander Stone always looked out for his people.
"I'm not surprised."
"The problem is, that doesn't leave us a whole lot of time to prepare. I have your story, and I have it on good credibility that Chief Jones will corroborate."
"Unfortunately," he continued, "the lack of hard evidence from the helmet cams or the surveillance aircraft is a real challenge. It's likely that the prosecution will accuse you of destroying the evidence."
I nodded my understanding.
Two days to prove my innocence in a preliminary hearing.
The lawyer stood up. "I have a great deal of research to do. We'll reconvene tomorrow morning at 10:00 AM. The hearing is the following day at the same time."


Chapter 11:
The process for the evening meal was much the same as the afternoon.
A loud buzzing noise at my door, guards to escort me to the galley, even the passive aggressive stares of the other inmates were familiar from the mid-day meal.
I gravitated towards the one face that didn't radiate malice.
The older, thin inmate was isolated from the rest of the men in the facility, his back to the wall in a recess as far from the center of the galley as possible.
With my heavy plastic tray in hand, I stepped slowly towards his table, through the sea of hateful stares.
I don't know what it was. Perhaps it was the fluorescent light from above glinting off the makeshift blade. It could have been a sixth sense. But, something caused me to turn abruptly and crouch low, dropping my tray to the ground.
The man clutching the blade was about six foot four and close to three hundred pounds. The makeshift knife was a blur in the brightly lit room as he hefted himself towards me. I had been lucky to miss the first swipe of his blade.
In my mind, the assailant was the only man in the room, but as I focused on his hulking form rapidly advancing on me in the center of the galley, I could see the rest of the men stand up and line the walls of the dining area.
He came at me again, and this time I was ready for him. I crouched low and drove my fist squarely into his groin, before sweeping his legs from under his body. He crashed into a heap on the cold concrete floor next to my tray and the spilled remnants of what remained of my dinner.
He didn't stay down long, however. He hefted himself back up and came at me again.
By this time, the guards were piling into the room in full riot gear and the other prisoners had lay prone on the ground.
The man swiped at me once more with the prison shiv and my training took over. He came at me in a rush and I struck him hard beneath the knife wielding arm, just in his armpit. The knife fell and the man went to his knees.
Without even thinking, my closed fist became a flattened palm, and I could feel myself about to issue a killing blow to the man's exposed throat.
But I didn't have the chance.
My back exploded in pain and I followed him to the ground while guards swarmed around the two of us and cold metal handcuffs were clipped around my wrists.
The men roughly carried me down the hall back to my cell.
I guess I was going to bed without dinner tonight.
My back ached as the two guards in riot gear clutched my upper arms and escorted me down the corridor.
"He started it." I said, painfully wheezing out the words.
"We know. That's why we are taking you to your cell, and not solitary confinement." One of the men replied.
I nodded and relaxed a little bit as we reached the door to my cell, where the men unceremoniously dumped me in a heap on the cold concrete floor.
The door slammed shut behind me, and I lay in silence, my head resting on the floor, the cold concrete a comforting roughness against my back.
Why had that man tried to kill me?
Clearly, I wasn't the most popular man at the facility, but it made no sense.
I hoped the guards would get the bottom of it when they interviewed the other inmate.
It had to have been a rubber bullet that brought me down. Legend was that they hurt like hell. I could now confirm the legend.
I pushed up into a sitting position and leaned against the bed, lifting my battle dress top. I could already see the bruise beginning to spread from the impact point of the rubber bullet.
Finally, I crawled onto the bed and closed my eyes. I drifted almost immediately into a fitful sleep.


Chapter 12:
I crept through the darkness, a thick warm liquid covering my hands as I sought my next target.
A shadowy figure sprung from the darkness of the next alley and I crouched low to the concrete, the razor sharp Ka-Bar knife grasped firmly in my right hand.
He didn't notice me, which was all the better.
I quickened my step, careful to put the pressure on the toes of my combat boots. It was quieter that way, when you were crouching low.
The man's form became larger in the darkness, a long bandolier stretched across his dark chest, a long beard casting a shadow against the moonlit alley walls beside us.
He spoke in Urdu through a radio; this close to the Pakistani border that was no surprise.
I turned the knife over in my hands, clutching it in a fist now. I'd have to make it quick.
The form was large in the darkness now, and I could smell his sweat.
I controlled my breathing.
Silent as death, I raised the knife.
With my other arm I seized the bearded Taliban fighter by the shoulder and plunged the 8 inch black Ka-Bar bayonet into his heart.
He died instantly, and I lowered his heavy, dark form to the rough concrete of the alley floor.
As I set him down, my eyes alit upon his face.
The once bearded face was fresh faced and clean shaven now. The form was no longer that of a human man but that of a child.
My eyes sprung open and my back exploded in pain from where the rubber bullet had impacted the fleshy portion of my lower torso the day before.
I was covered in sweat and my eyes were heavy.
How long had it been since dinner? I wondered.
In jail, the world without time, I had no idea.
The sun was just breaking through the tiny East facing window of my cell. I thanked God for that small mercy.
It was morning.
I lay in that position as the sun came up fully, too sore to do my traditional workout.
It wasn't long before the buzzing began and the guard opened my cell door.
It was the chubby white kid again.
"Breakfast time." He said, a small smirk touching his face.
I groaned and rolled to my side, my feet touching the floor for the first time since the guards had unceremoniously dumped me on the floor of my cell the night before.
I glanced at the young Petty Officer's name for the first time. "Thank you, Petty Officer Borger."
Fitting name for the rotund little guy, I thought as I stepped through the heavy steel door of my cell and into the long hallway to the mess hall again.
He smiled a sardonic grin. "You're welcome. By the way, your friend from last night will not be a problem for you this morning." His chubby little hand guided me down the hallway into the too bright fluorescent lighting of the sterile dining hall.
This morning instead of hostile stares from the tables around the room, I sensed something different. A grudging respect, perhaps even fear.
I picked up my plastic tray and walked through the line. Something that looked like oatmeal and toast was slung onto the tray, and I picked up a box of orange juice and sought out the only face in the room that didn't avert his eyes when I scanned for a seat.
The thin man was sitting alone again, near where he'd been the evening before. He nodded slowly to me from across the room, and I traversed the shiny floor to an empty seat at his table.
When I set my plastic tray on the cold steel of the table, he just nodded. Unlike the other men in the room, he did not avert his eyes.
His steely gaze met my eyes without blinking.
"Quite a show you put on last night." He said quietly.
I nodded and dug into the oatmeal in front of me. My stomach growled aloud. The attempt on my life last night had meant I hadn't eaten in almost twenty-four hours.
He pushed his own tray across the table as I shovelled watery oatmeal from the tray into my mouth. When I finished my own breakfast, I nodded my thanks and dug into what was left of his.
When I finished, both trays were wiped clean, and the man sat with a small smile on his face as I downed what remained of my small carton of orange juice.
"Feel better?" He asked, a smile in his voice.
I nodded again. "Thank you. That asshole last night made sure I didn't get to eat dinner."
He grunted. "I noticed. At least you won't have to worry about him anymore."
I set the empty orange juice carton on the edge of my tray and looked up.
"Why is that?" I asked.
"You didn't hear?" The man responded.
"Well, how could you. They've got you all by yourself on the other side." He was speaking to himself now, and I interrupted.
"What happened?"
"The big man killed himself in solitary last night. Not an easy feat. Guards say he pounded his head against the concrete wall. Brained himself."
My mouth hung open in shock. "Why?" I managed to stammer.
The man was deadly serious now. "I've been in here for a long time, Mr. Pike. Going on ten years. I've never in that time seen someone attacked in the galley. The showers, the exercise room, sure. But never the galley. It's too public, too well supervised."
He paused, and took a drink of coffee from a flimsy Styrofoam cup. "No offense, sir but you are also a non-entity around these parts. Sure, people know you from the news stories, but you haven't been convicted of a crime. You are being held in pre-trial confinement."
He looked around the room. "That's the other thing that bothers me. I can't for the life of me remember the last time someone in pre-trial confinement ate in the Brig galley. They usually bring food to your cell."
I looked around the room. The guards paced near the exits, two of them near each of the exits. Another standing towards the center of the room.
"What are you saying?" I asked, my gaze fixed back towards the stranger.
He laughed softly and without mirth. "Like I told you yesterday, Lieutenant. Watch your back in here."
He began to collect his tray and stand up. As he did, his uniform pulled away from his arm, exposing the faded black trident that marked his forearm and wrist.
"You're a SEAL." I said.
"I was, Lieutenant." He leaned across the table.
"Now I'm just a convict. Like you'll be, that is, if your case makes it to trial."
I stood up and held my tray. I was a pace behind him as he walked towards the scullery.
I finally got up the courage to ask. "So you think the guards planned the attack?"
He turned around for a moment and looked me in the eyes. "I don't know, LT. But they made sure you were here in the galley."
He took another few steps and placed his tray on the edge of the scullery counter. As he walked by he paused one final time. "I definitely don't think the big guy brained himself on a concrete wall without... encouragement."
"Wait." I said, as he stepped away.
He turned.
"What's your name?" I asked quietly.
"Pete." He said simply. "Pete Rogers."
I nodded and stepped in the opposite direction. The thought that the man who had attacked me last night had been murdered in solitary confinement sent a shiver down my spine.
My feet fell quickly towards pre-trial confinement, anxious to return to the relative safety of my cell, my back aching the whole time, my head spinning.


Chapter 13:
My mind raced.
The cell that had confined me seemed smaller and more isolated. The lack of neighbors was now more disconcerting than quiet.
I paced the cell, my footsteps echoing across the cool concrete floor as I replayed the conversation with Pete over and over in my mind.
Why was I eating in the common mess hall?
Why had that man tried to kill me?
And most importantly, who had killed him when he had failed?
There were just too many questions.
My back ached and I stopped, leaning my forehead against the cool concrete wall.
The cold hardness reminded me of what Pete had said.
My attacker had brained himself, crushed his skull against the wall rather than speak to the guards about why he attacked me.
Whether he indeed caused the injuries himself, or someone had helped him didn't matter.
Either prospect was terrifying, for altogether different reasons.
If he'd done it himself, it meant he knew that worse ends awaited him for failure.
If he'd had assistance, it meant that at least one of the guards was involved in the attack.
I shuddered and continued to pace.
Think, Jackson, THINK! My brain ached with confusion.
The frustration was starting to get the better of me.
I paced like that for hours, until the familiar buzzing sound greeted me once again and I was led to meet my attorney in the small beige room down the long desolate hallway.
Lieutenant Commander Myers was way too well put together for my tastes this morning. His service dress uniform was cleaned and pressed. His were eyes fresh with a full night's sleep and a steaming paper cup of coffee sat before him.
Beside him, I surely looked like a dishevelled mess.
And he noticed.
I was still favoring my right side. My face was unshaven, my hair in disarray.
He stood, his normally reserved nature pushed aside momentarily.
"Are you alright?" He asked. There was real concern in his voice.
"Better than the other guy," I replied, without mirth.
He took a seat and turned on the tape recorder while I recounted the attack in the lunch room, and even what Pete had told me.
"Shit, Jackson." He said, when I concluded my story, calling me by the first name for the first time. "We need to get you out of here."
I allowed myself to slump deeply into the seat as he settled in across from me and opened his briefcase, setting the contents on the metal table before us.
"Unfortunately," he said, "the facts of the case continue to point to your team as the only possible source of hostile fire in that compound."
I nodded as my exhaustion overtook me for a moment.
My lawyer recounted a list of challenges to our defense. It was a long list.
Eventually the frustration became overwhelming. I could feel my fist begin to clench on the solid metal of the cold desk.
Without thinking, I raised my hand and drove it full force down upon the table.
My lawyer jumped back in surprise, and the door opened quickly, the guard clenching his baton in his right hand nervously. My lawyer waved him off, turning back to me.
"Something to say?" He asked, as the guard closed the door to the cell once more.
"I didn't kill those people. There has to be a way to prove it." I said.
My lawyer stood, clearly shaken by the first show of emotion that I'd exhibited since his arrival. He began to place the file folders back into his briefcase before finally walking towards the door and banging heavily on the thick metal.
"In that case, Lieutenant, we had both better hope that Chief Jones can add something to your defense." The door swung open, and he was gone.
I sat alone with only my bruised and aching back and a feeling of being hunted in the small beige holding cell.


Chapter 14:
I sat like that for what seemed like an eternity, but was probably closer to ten minutes.
When the heavy steel door finally swung open, I stood slowly, my head down.
Until the form that darkened the door became clear.
It was Leigh.
No wonder they had left me sitting in this sullen beige interview room for so long.
She took one look at me and gasped. Her feet fell quickly on the cold concrete floor as she ran into my arms.
"What happened to you?" She asked, her arms draped around my neck.
"It's nothing," I responded.
The guard cleared his throat loudly in the doorway. "You have ten minutes, Lieutenant." He remained in the room.
Leigh's soft body pressed against mine and I exhaled loudly, causing me to wince from the pain in my back.
Reminder to self, I thought. Don't do that.
"What's wrong?" Leigh asked, pulling up the back of my BDU top, exposing the angry black and blue bruise that covered most of my back, where the rubber bullet had impacted.
Her hand went to her mouth and she gasped again in shock.
"Who did this to you?" She asked, glancing at the guard who stood emotionless across the room.
"Don't worry about it. The other guy had it worse than me." I said dismissively.
"That doesn't make me feel any better." She said, touching my face.
We stood like that for a few moments, before I stepped back. "I'm glad to see you." I said.
She actually blushed.
"But you can't come back here." I said, walking slowly towards her.
"Why, Jackson?" She asked, eyeing my appearance and labored gait.
"Do you remember where I took you to propose?" I asked, resting my hands lightly on her shoulders and looking into her eyes.
"Of course." She answered, confused. "Why would you ask?"
I leaned in and kissed her neck. "You need to go there. Today. Take Clementine out of school and go. Don't come back until I send word."
I said this in a whisper as I leaned in to the nape of her neck, her perfume flooding my nostrils.
She nodded, and threw her arms around my neck, her passionate embrace sending a shockwave of pain through my lower back.
The guard cleared his throat a moment later, and we broke our embrace. Tears rolled liberally down her face. She didn't bother to wipe them away as the guard led her out the door and into the brightly lit corridor outside.
When he returned to bring me back to my cell, I was the most relaxed I'd been in days.
Whatever was going on, Leigh and Clementine would be safe.
As for me, I thought, as the guards led me down the corridor to my cell. Well, that was another matter.


Chapter 15:
Military Special Operations training teaches you to be constantly vigilant, to always expect an assault at the most unexpected time. It is an awareness bordering on paranoia.
And it had already saved my life once in the past twenty-four hours.
The awareness in the back of my mind was heightened.
But I was not afraid. Leigh and Clementine were safe. And I could handle myself.
As the thick metal door to my cell clanged shut and the long steel bolt slid closed on the outside, I let out a deep breath and sat on the edge of the uncomfortable bed.
Waiting.
I sat like that for a long while. My awareness heightened, my body in a state of near rest.
Light streamed through the small window in my cell. It had to be mid afternoon by now.
Still there had been no aggressive action. No enemy to rail against.
The waiting was truly the hardest part of any operation.
There was a time when my extremities would have trembled at the surge of adrenaline that came before a combat operation.
Not anymore.
I looked down at my hands. They were steady.
I waited.
The attack never came.
The buzzer did.
I opened my eyes from the state of near rest I had placed myself in. It was a form of meditation that I had learned from long flights in uncomfortable conditions, and long hours in the decompression chamber of submarines.
You could call it a subconscious awareness of your conscious surroundings; a waking sleep.
I shook myself from the heightened awareness and dulled emotions of the meditative state and stood.
I plied my sore back and stretched to my full height. It was uncomfortable. Slouching would have taken the pressure off of my back, but I wanted to portray no sign of weakness.
So, I smiled through the pain and nodded to the chubby young Petty Officer who waited beyond the door to my cell.
He returned the nod, and I stepped down the corridor slowly, his footsteps echoing behind me. Ahead, the normally bright fluorescent lights of the dining hall were dark. I glanced around. The sun had set at some point while I had straddled the border of consciousness and sleep in my cell.
Awaiting the attack.
The attack that was happening right now.
I spun, but was too slow. The guard's Taser dug deeply into my side. My side and back exploded in pain as I collapsed hard to the concrete floor below. As my world dimmed, the light draining from the periphery of my vision, I saw the young guard above me smile, his crooked teeth bright white in the dim hallway, a gleaming pair of handcuffs in his hands.
The stun effect of the Taser lasted for about a minute, best I could tell. When I came to, still groggy and disoriented, the guard was pulling me to my feet.
"You shouldn't have done that". He said.
I shook my head, vainly trying to clear the cobwebs.
"Attacking a guard is grounds for transfer to solitary confinement." He flashed the crooked, joyless smile again as he halfway pulled me down a long gray hallway that ran perpendicular to the entrance of the dining hall.
I staggered slightly and he caught my weight, pulling hard on my upper arm and sending a shockwave of pain radiating down my back through the area where the rubber bullet and Taser had both impacted.
These fuckers all seemed to be aiming for the same spot. I thought, steadying myself as we walked down the hallway, a hallway which seemed interminably long.
At the end of the hallway was a set of stairs which were illuminated by a naked incandescent bulb affixed to the wall on the first landing. The lone fixture cast an eerie shadow across the hallway as we stepped down the hard concrete floor, my muscles still in spasm from the surge of electricity the guard had recently sent streaming through my body.
But still, I walked. I had regained my faculties enough to have attempted to a strike against the guard.
I assessed the situation.
My feet were free, and I could envision myself sweeping his legs from under his hefty frame. A head butt was also an option. It was likely to render the young man unconscious before he had a chance to cry out.
And yet, I continued in line with the guard, my feet shuffling forward. My head bowed.
There was really no point in fighting this young man.
Injuring the guard would only make me look guilty.
Lend credence to his tale that I attacked him.
No. I'd go along with the chubby young fellow.
Perhaps down these stairs I would find some answers, I thought, stepping down the first concrete step into the shadowy light of the dimly lit stairwell, the young man's soft, chubby hand resting lightly on my shoulder.


Chapter 16:
My legs shook slightly as the guard prodded me along the shadowy stairwell and into the long hallway below. The windowless corridor was dank and dark but it was clean in the Spartan fashion of the rest of the facility.
Naked incandescent bulbs hung from the ceiling, and a row of cells stretched into the distance.
The guard stopped abruptly, jerking me to a stop before one of the cells. At the middle of the hallway, a security camera blinked on and a buzzer sounded.
The buzz echoed through the naked concrete walls of the dimly lit hallway as the door's locks released and the guard unceremoniously shoved me into the empty, windowless room.
Like the rest of the basement of the facility, the windowless room was gray. Recessed lighting in the concrete above offered the only light. In the corner sat a bucket. It was the only thing in the room.
Well, the bucket and me.
I sat on the cold hard concrete floor and let out a deep breath.
My back ached from the Taser. And it still ached from the rubber bullet of the day before.
I leaned back and stretched my side. Waiting.
I didn't have to wait long.
The buzzer sounded and I stood, stretching my frame to its full height.
Moments later a man entered the room.
This was no prison guard. The man's coppery skin stretched tight across his youthful face. His business suit was meticulously tailored. His black hair was combed carefully and swept away from his face.
He smiled a small, joyless smile and set an expensive brown leather briefcase on the concrete floor at his feet. Two guards stood behind him in an overt display of force.
I nodded to him.
"Who are you?" I asked, though I already knew the answer. This was the man who'd been pulling the strings. The man who'd tried to have me killed.
"An apt question, Mr. Pike." He answered, taking a step towards me in the shadowy light of the cell.
He continued, "I'm the man with the answers. I'm the one you need to be working with." He nodded to the guards.
Both men stepped from the room.
I paused. Sending the guards from the room was a clear display that the man was not threatened by me enough to maintain his security detail.
A worrying thought. Why would he not be intimidated?
Even in handcuffs, I could very likely severely injure him before the guards had a chance to return.
No, there was another reason for this man's confidence.
As a smile spread slowly across his face, I knew what the source of that confidence was.
He knew where my family was.
I groaned and leaned against the nearest concrete wall.
"Where are they?" I asked, sighing heavily.
The man just smiled. "You are very astute man, Mr. Pike. In fact, we almost didn't find them. Telling your wife to get out of town really was genius. And it almost worked."
"Almost," he repeated, opening the briefcase. He handed me the contents. There were several recent photos of Leigh and Clementine taken from a distance with a telephoto lens. They were at the lake cabin where I'd proposed to Leigh. They were seemingly unharmed.
At least so far.
"What do you want." I asked, as he placed the images back into his briefcase.
"I." He paused, correcting himself. "We.. We need you to confess to the killings in Afghanistan. Confess and your family is safe. As for you, we will ensure that the Judge Advocate General does not submit the death penalty as an option."
I pressed my head back into the hard concrete wall of my cell as I leaned against the only support structure in the windowless room. The man waited.
"I'm innocent." I said, defeat creeping into my voice as I thought of my family.
The man smiled, his grin knowing and menacing like the Cheshire cat from Carrol's novel.
A shiver ran down my spine.
He replied a moment later. "I'm well aware that you are innocent, Mr. Pike. But what you and I know, and what you can prove are two separate matters."
I groaned.
The smile dropped from the man's face and he paused, glancing at his watch.
"Your hearing is in approximately ten hours. I need an answer. I'd hate to have to make other... arrangements."
He emphasized the word arrangements and lightly drummed his fingers on the leather briefcase in his hand, a not so subtle threat against my girls.
I nodded.
"Was that a nod?" The man asked. "I'll need a verbal affirmation."
I nodded again. "I'll plead no contest to the charges."
The man smiled again, this time the expression seemed genuine. There was a hint of something more, however, a sense of his relief.
The man turned around, pacing slowly to the door.
"Wait." I said, stepping from the concrete wall and striding across the tiny cell. A wave of satisfaction swept through me when the man shrank away from me, placing the briefcase between us as his eyes glanced furtively towards the cell door.
"Yes?" He said, trying his best to relax.
But I'd seen the fear, and he knew it.
"What is your name?" I asked.
"My name is of no consequence, Mr. Pike. This meeting never happened."
He turned and tapped on the door with shaking knuckles as I stepped back to the back wall of the cell once more, lightly chuckling to myself as the guard opened the door.
He stopped, disconcerted. His face not close to the stony calm young man who'd stepped into the room.
"Why are you laughing?" He demanded, clearly disconcerted by my mirth.
"Because you are a coward." I answered, leaning heavily against the cold concrete back wall of the cell. "And name or no name, I can and will find you."
"It won't matter." He answered. "You'll be in prison for the rest of your life."
As the slender young coward walked away, the guard entered the room and took up position behind me. At least I didn't have to spend the rest of the evening in solitary. After seeing this place, my small cell in the hallway above seemed positively cozy.


Chapter 17:
This was all starting to feel like a movie.
In what world did military officers get framed for multiple homicides? Get attacked and threatened in military Brigs, have their families threatened?
I'd been in tight spots as a SEAL, but the last week had been the worst of my life.
The chubby young guard prodded me forward and up the stairs into the hallway above as I mulled the past hours over in my head.
My team was dead. My Chief and I suspected in the murder of children.
Of war crimes.
Framed by someone.
Someone who really wanted the investigation into what really happened to go away.
A representative I'd just met.
This was no longer my imagination. This was real.
But knowing I wasn't going crazy was no consolation. There was still the more pressing issue.
If I didn't confess to the crimes in a few hours, my family would likely be killed or worse. And I'd likely still be tried in open court for the multiple homicide.
Judging by the heavy hitters that seemed to be on the other side of this matter, I'd likely lose.
No. The safe bet was to plead no contest. Better the girls be safe and I be in jail. Better to die than to let anything happen to Leigh and Clementine.
The guard released my shoulder as we approached the cell I'd called home for the past few days. I stepped into the dim lighting and lay down where I fell into an immediate and deep sleep.
My attorney would learn my "decision" in the morning.
I lay on the uncomfortable rack and tossed and turned.
Morning came too quickly.
The stark notes of reveille awakened me.
I shook my head. Attempted to clear the cobwebs of the previous night as the last notes of reveille echoed though the facility.
I awoke to reveille and the uncomfortable sensation that I was about to make a very big mistake.
I rolled around for a while after reveille. Stretched my back. Avoided laying on the burn marks from the Taser the night before.
After a few moments, the buzzing sound returned.
The sound that could only mean one thing. The door to my cell opened and the large guard from the first day emerged from the hallway.
His hulking black form filled the doorway to the cell and I tried my best to smile at him.
Only a few of the guards seemed to be involved in whatever corruption was going on at this facility, and I intended to keep as many of the non-corrupt officers and junior enlisted on my side.
"Good morning, Petty Officer Peters." I said, standing for the first time.
He nodded. "Good morning, sir."
I was surprised for a moment that the Petty Officer had used my respectful title, until I saw what he held in his left hand.
My dress uniform was neatly pressed and slung over a cheap plastic hangar. The hulking three hundred pound guard hung it on the edge of my rack and turned back towards the door.
"Your attorney is waiting down the hall." He said, before pausing.
He turned, eyeing the uniform and alternating his gaze to my face. Respect and curiosity alternated in his eyes.
"That the Navy Cross?" He asked, pointing to my ribbon bar.
"It is." I replied, beginning to strip off my BDU top.
He grunted. Pointing to another ribbon. "That the Silver Star?"
I nodded again, pulling my green undershirt over my head as he continued to stare at my uniform, his eyes wide.
As his gaze shifted back towards me I was pulling a white v-neck tee shirt over my head.
"You do it?" He asked, clearly breaking most every protocol.
I sighed and slung my service dress white blouse over my shoulders before stepping into my white trousers and taking a seat on the bunk.
Something in his eyes demanded a truthful answer. I looked down at the ribbon bar.
The Trident insignia on my chest glinted in the breaking morning light.
The ribbon rack of years of combat was bright in the dingy prison surroundings. I began to button the blouse.
I knew at that very moment that I couldn't do it. I couldn't plead no contest.
The six Americans who'd been ambushed by a superior armed force in that compound deserved better. The SEALs deserved better. The children who'd been killed deserved justice.
I stood, tucking my feet into the white shoes laying on the floor of the cell and meeting the large guard's gaze for the first time all morning. "No." I said simply, before walking slowly towards the door of the cell.
The guard nodded silently and fell in step behind me. Petty Officer Peters believed in my innocence.
But now it was time to convince the rest of the world.


Chapter 18:
I stepped ahead of Petty Officer Peters feeling for the first time in days the sense of pride in myself and my Team that I'd almost lost.
Not only was my honor at stake in this hearing, but the honor of my Team, my SEAL organization, and my Navy.
No. I could not admit to doing something I did not do. I could not sully the names of the men I'd served with. It wasn't about me or my family. It was about the truth.
I stepped into the interview room with a new sense of purpose, a purpose that my attorney seemed to sense immediately.
"Good morning, Lieutenant." He said, smiling.
"Good morning, sir." I replied, waiting to be instructed to take a seat.
He waved at a chair across from himself and opened a manila folder on the metal desk.
"I have some good news. Well, fantastic news really." He was beaming.
I waited.
"NCIS found a survivor. A young boy. He's willing to testify that the men who did this were wearing traditional Afghan garb, but that they were speaking English."
"How does that help us?" I asked, peering at the folder in front of LCDR Myers.
"Because, Jackson." He replied, opening the first pages. "The medical personnel who were responsible for the MEDEVAC of yourself and Chief Jones recall that you were both wearing standard issue Battle Dress. No one on your team was wearing anything resembling traditional Afghan garb."
I nodded.
I still wasn't excited by this defense. "I'm sorry sir, but that seems pretty thin and circumstantial to me. And I'm the defendant."
He smiled again. "It did to me, too. Until I read the medical examiner's report. Gunpowder residues. Something that laypeople never think to examine. If your team had been disguised as Taliban, there would be no residue on your uniforms."
"And?" I asked.
"Your men were covered in cordite and explosive residue. The amount was consistent with a sustained firefight. There's no way your clothes were covered by Afghan garb."
I nodded. We had reasonable doubt.
"The helmet camera footage or voice recording from the AWAC would seal the deal. Its unfortunate we can't get our hands on that."
I was nodding now. Thinking of Leigh and Clementine and how, if I was able to be released I would protect them.
LCDR Myers smiled. "Now," he said, "that's the attitude."
I returned the smile weakly. There was too much on my mind to display any sort of hope no matter how the evidence looked like it might get me off the hook.
He dug through his briefcase again before lifting another folder from the recesses of the leather case.
He tossed the folder almost haphazardly on the cold metal table next to my case folder.
It was marked TOP SECRET.
I blinked and peered at the document.
My attorney slid it across the table, and I flipped open the cover.
He nodded.
It was the operational order for the raid.
At the top of the first page were clearly stamped the words Operation Afghan Sunset.
Like most other TOP SECRET Operational Orders, the brief was specific. A communication plan was clearly specified, teams were identified. Air support was requested and AWAC aircraft were ordered into place for airspace deconfliction and communication support.
It was a standard operational order. Nothing seemed amiss. At least at first.
The operational order spanned close to nine full pages.
As I flipped through the papers, papers that I'd seen before the raid, I sighed.
My lawyer just laughed. "Want to know what I saw in that OP order that you didn't, Lieutenant?"
"Please." I responded, exasperated.
"There isn't one thing, Jackson. But three." He said, serious now as he spun the folder towards himself and pulled a highlighter from his briefcase.
"First, look at the date." He said, highlighting the top of page one and moving the highlighter down the page twice more in rapid succession.
I spun the page around towards me and looked. The date looked exactly like I would have expected. But then I realized where he'd highlighted. He hadn't highlighted the date time group of the OP order's receipt or even its implementation, but its date of issuance.
It had been issued the same day.
I swallowed. Hard.
"There's no way this order was issued twelve hours prior to the mission. We had weeks to prepare. Hell, it took almost forty eight hours to deploy my team in the first place."
My lawyer just nodded and stepped from his chair, pacing slowly towards the door of the briefing room, his gleaming shoes glinting in the fluorescent light of the prison's overhead lighting.
My mind was racing.
If the operational order had not been issued by the Navy until around twelve hours from strike time it could only mean one thing.
"Executive privilege?" I asked, already knowing the answer.
My lawyer continued to pace through the room, his shoes squeaking lightly.
"Keep reading." He answered.
I noticed two more places, both on the first page of the OP order had been highlighted.
I glanced towards LCDR Myers and back to the page.
The second highlighted section fell under the communications plan. In every operation, communication strategies were ordered and adhered to.
Radio frequencies, operational code words that would be used, orders for the "eye in the sky", what we called the AWAC aircraft that circled above and functioned as a combat controller for the air support and a communication platform for us during missions such as this one.
Under communications, as always were listed the frequencies, code words and encryption strategies. I glanced to where my attorney had highlighted.
The AWAC had been ordered not to record the SEAL team's radio communications.
Under disposition of physical intelligence, the aircraft was ordered to BCST, Undisclosed.
I blinked. "What does this mean."
My attorney sighed. "I hoped you could tell me. Keep reading."
I did.
The next highlighted section was under materiel support, buried in a portion of the OP order that few beyond our supply department ever read.
It was regarding the helmet cameras.
I straightened in my seat and read. The OP order specified a type of helmet cam that I'd never seen before.
I glanced at my attorney.
He handed me a piece of paper that I hadn't realized he'd been holding.
It detailed the specifications of the cameras that our supply department had ensured our parachute riggers had affixed to our helmets.
Another segment of this spec sheet was highlighted. But only three words stood out to me as I glanced at the page. "Live feed only." The devices were designed to enable only a satellite uplink to a live feed and not to record.
"Know why we couldn't find any helmet cam footage or audio recordings of your team's ingress?" My lawyer asked.
"Because there wasn't any." I replied, closing the folder with trembling fingers.


Chapter 19:
Myers glanced at his watch. "It's almost time."
He handed me a safety razor and pounded on the door to the briefing room.
The guard opened the door a moment later.
"My client needs to get himself cleaned up."
The guard nodded and led me out of the room into a small, private visitor's bathroom down the hall, where I was able to shave and wash my face.
As I went through the mechanical motions of ensuring my uniform was in good condition and that my hair and facial hair met Navy standards my mind raced.
The witness surfacing in Afghanistan was positive news.
It meant that we finally had a corroborating witness. Added to that the medical examiner's chemical evaluation of my team's clothing, and it looked as if Chief Jones and I could very well walk away from these accusations.
The rest of my lawyer's revelations had been much more unsettling.
How he'd gotten his hands on the TOP SECRET Operational Order I wasn't sure. And in many ways I was almost certain I didn't want to know.
The revelations in that document had been almost too much.
The operational order told us two important pieces of information.
For one, it indicated that the strike had been ordered directly by the White House.
For two, it told us that the video and audio evidence that could exonerate my men from the murders in that compound had been sent via live feed to an undisclosed location rather than being recorded.
Somebody had watched the events of that evening unfold.
Somebody who had known in advance that the evidence they were witnessing would exonerate my team.
It was clear now.
None of us were meant to have survived Operation Afghan Sunset.
The highest levels of government had ordered my team to that compound in order to place the blame for the massacre of children held within at our feet.
I leaned against the sink, the realization of what had happened sweeping over me for the first time.
The mission had been a failure.
On more fronts than one.
My team and I must have arrived early. Otherwise, the other combatants would not have been loading the trucks when we arrived.
They would have been strategically posted throughout the compound for maximum devastation.
They would have killed my team. Laid it at the feet of the Taliban fighters. Broadcast the murders across Al Jazeera television as a victory for Muslim freedom fighters.
But this wasn't about politics. This was about whatever was in those trucks.
Post operational analysis had said they had been empty.
They had not been empty.
I knew that now.
And whoever was pulling strings at the highest levels of government knew it too.
And they wanted Chief Jones and I dead for knowing.
I peered into the mirror. I looked better than I had in days, though my brow was furrowed tightly. I splashed water on my face and stood up straight, tossing the small plastic safety razor into the metal wastebasket in the corner.
I turned towards the door with a resolute stride and swung the wooden door fully open. My lawyer awaited with two Military Police Officers at his side.
"Ready?" He asked, picking up his briefcase and eyed my uniform slowly.
I held out my wrists for the MPs and nodded.
As they fastened the metal clasps of the handcuffs around my wrists, I peered around the small corridor of the military Brig. 
I've never been more ready, I thought as we walked down the hallway and towards my awaiting fate.


Chapter 20:
A light rain fell as we climbed into a government Ford Expedition, the two Military Police officers taking the front seats of the vehicle as LCDR Myers sat next to me on the soft cloth seat of the rear passenger bench.
My mind was still turning as the vehicle pulled slowly through the gray parking lot and onto the main road of the base.
My attorney, to his credit, waited quietly.
It was as if he knew that I needed the time to decode the information he'd presented me with.
After a minute or two, I finally said what I'd been thinking.
"They knew". It was almost a whisper.
He nodded. "They knew. There's no question about that."
Both of us turned and faced out of our respective windows, the rain falling harder now and cascading down the glass. The weather seemed appropriate.
We sat like that for a while, until Myers turned to me once more.
"The question is, Jackson. Who knew, and why? If we can figure that part out, we have a chance to bring these people to justice."
I turned towards him just in time to see him shake his head in disdain and turn back to face the Virginia rain rolling down his window.
"That," I replied, "Is the billion dollar question, isn't it."
He just nodded.
We rode the rest of the way in silence, reaching the tall brick building which housed the military tribunal here in Norfolk. It stood stoically above the shorter buildings on base, red brick with a sloping roof, punctuated by Doric columns in the front and large heavy doors.
An appropriate building for a court house. I thought, as the MP opened my door and I stepped onto the wet concrete below.
A number of reporters crowded around the steps.
The throng turned towards me as we stepped up the brick steps to the courthouse.
As the reporters attempted to swarm me, men and women in business suits tried to get a statement, any statement that would feed the twenty four hour news machine.
The government vehicle drove away as the remaining MP escorted me up the brick stairs to the heavy wooden doors at the top of the landing.
We pushed through the reporters who crowded around us.
The rain continued to fall lightly as we approached the building.
At the top of the brick landing stood another Military Police officer who pushed open the doors as we approached. The wooden doors swung silently on well oiled hinges and we stepped into the large foyer of the building.
The press had not been allowed inside. The foyer of the building was quiet.
Within the foyer sat a man in a wheelchair, flanked by his own attorney who was clad in dress whites. The man in the wheelchair was wearing the familiar khaki uniform of a Chief.
It was Chief Jones.
The huge black SEAL's enormous frame seemed to dwarf the small metal wheelchair, which looked like it might collapse at any minute under the weight of his 250 plus pounds of muscle.
When he heard the door flung open, he turned and the closest thing to a smile I'd ever seen from the Chief crossed his face.
Ever the stoic, he wheeled himself over to me, his right leg propped up in the chair before him.
He nodded, and I returned the nod with a slight inclination of my own head.
"Chief." I said, eyeing his condition.
"You look pretty good, Lieutenant. Better than me, I guess."
The Chief was admittedly in rough shape. His leg was propped up in a cast which extended from his wheelchair. One of his arms was in a sling, and there were cuts covering his face.
My anger boiled as I looked at the Chief. His face, bruised and cut was a reminder of my team members who hadn't made it. Of their families. And of my own.
"Did they get to you?" I asked, forcing myself to relax the muscles in my face and jaw as I awaited the Chief's response.
"What do you mean?" The Chief responded. There was no lie in his eyes, and his voice was steady.
I relaxed.
Leaning in, I whispered in a voice only loud enough for Chief Jones and my own ears, "This was no case of mistaken identity. It was a cover up. Someone at the highest levels of government was trying to get whatever was stored at that facility out before we arrived."
To his credit, the Chief did not allow emotions to cloud his behavior. He simply nodded, although his fists did clench involuntarily on the arms of his wheelchair.
"Who?" He asked, as his attorney approached us from behind and began to talk to LCDR Meyers. It seemed the judge was ready to see us now.
"I don't know." I replied, as the military police officer escorted me into the courtroom.
But we need to find out, I thought as I stepped down the long marble hallway past the wooden seats packed with waiting officers and military public affairs officials.
The press had been relegated to the outside, but there was no doubt that the military services themselves would be releasing the results of today's hearing to the public as soon as it happened.
I glanced around the room before taking my seat at the defendant's table. It was almost all men and women in uniform, and was only about half full.
In the back of the courtroom near the tall double doors that led into the marble floored auditorium sat Leigh.
In her lap was Clementine. Even from forty or so feet away, I could see that Leigh had been crying, her mascara running slowly down her cheeks as she dabbed at her face with a tissue.
She held Clementine in her strong but slightly trembling arms. I was so fixated on the two of them I almost failed to notice the man sitting two rows behind them. He was the only person in the room who was not a family member or wearing a military uniform.
His tan skin and bespoke business suit stood out against the sea of white and khaki uniforms. He sat quietly. His hands folded in his lap, looking straight ahead, his eyes hardly wavering.
He looked even younger during the day than he had in the dark of night in the solitary confinement cell of the military Brig. His features sharper. His gaze self assured.
I straightened my back and sat as the Military Police officer released his grip on my shoulder and unlocked my handcuffs, ushering me to a wooden chair at the defendant's table. LCDR Meyers took a seat to my side and they wheeled Chief Jones to a specially designed table to our side.
I shuddered as I took a seat.
That man was here as a threat.
Admit to the crime you didn't commit or your family will suffer.
I turned to Chief Jones and flashed a small smile.
No. I would neither sacrifice my honor or the safety of my family.
I was a SEAL.


Chapter 21:
When the judge entered the courtroom we stood; all of us except for Chief Jones, who was physically unable.
So I stood and Jones sat. Our fates equally uncertain as the Navy Captain positioned himself behind the raised bench where he would preside over our Article 32 Hearing.
"Seats." He stated authoritatively before taking his own and turning the page to our charge sheet.
"Lieutenant Jackson Pike." He called.
I stood once more.
"Chief Petty Officer Michael Jones." He continued.
Chief raised his hand from his wheelchair and with sounded off a pronounced "Here. Sir."
The Judge Advocate General peered to where Chief sat in his wheelchair, his hand in the air.
The judge nodded.
"Lieutenant Jackson Pike, you have been charged with twenty counts of violation of the Uniform Code of Military Justice, article 118. Premeditated murder. This charge carries with it a maximum penalty of death. You have also been charged with a lesser charge of violation of article 113. Conduct unbecoming an officer and gentleman."
He turned to the Chief. "Chief Petty Officer Michael Jones, you have been charged with twenty counts of violation of the Uniform Code of Military Justice, article 118. Premeditated murder. This charge carries with it a maximum penalty of death."
"Do you understand these charges?"
In turn, we both acknowledged that we did.
"How do you plead?" The Captain asked, again in turn we both denied the charges.
"Please take your seat, Lieutenant."
I turned towards the back of the courtroom and flashed a small smile to the man in the black suit. His face was a mask of rage as he stood and adjusted his tie. He walked slowly from the courtroom, his briefcase clutched tightly in a tan fist.
The small smile did not fade from my lips as the Captain then progressed through what seemed like an endless series of explanations regarding the legal rights of the accused. The rights of the convening authority, and the qualifications of our defense counsel.
It seemed like the initial script for the Article 32 hearing had lasted an hour. But, finally we came to a stopping point and the Judge ordered a five minute break.
When we reconvened, the court was sealed in the interest of protecting classified information. At this point, only the defendants, defense counsel, prosecution and judge remained.
The formalities complete, it was time to defend our honor, and that of our team, our organization, and our service.
When the hearing reconvened, my hands were shaking slightly. I breathed slowly, awaiting the surge of calm that came before every operation. Like the other missions I'd served on, today's hearing carried life or death consequences.
After confirming that the hearing had been sealed to all but those involved directly in the prosecution of the case, the judge informed us of the case's importance to national security and read us into the classified information. He then invited Chief Jones to recount the story of the fateful evening that had brought us to this Article 32 hearing.
To his credit, Mike Jones was detailed, he was well spoken and he was brief.
Every inch the SEAL, he sat with an air of quiet authority. You could almost forget the fact that he was injured and sitting in a wheelchair. Almost.
Unlike a civilian hearing, Article 32 proceedings provide a chance for cross examination. The prosecution began.
Chief Jones was quiet and confident. He answered every question clearly and was forthright on all fronts.
When asked about the loss of our team members, his voice betrayed no emotion, but a tear rolled slowly down his cheek. He didn't wipe it away.
The prosecution peppered Chief Jones with questions, the answers to most of which he didn't know. And he said so. It was impressive. Jones' testimony left no doubt as to this man's commitment to the country, the service, and his men.
I hoped I would do as well.
I had my chance moments later.
Like Chief, I was given the opportunity to speak my piece before the cross examination by each of the attorneys who remained.
I stood and walked to the witness stand, my steps slow and measured. My breathing controlled.
I was reminded that it was a breach of the UCMJ to give a false statement to a superior officer, before the questions began.
As I began to speak, I noticed that my hands had stopped shaking. My voice rang clear and true across the near empty courtroom.
And I told our story. A story of heroism and tenacity, the type you would hear if SEALs could talk about their missions on a regular basis.
But we couldn't. In the interest of national security, even our families would never know the truth of what we did, the sacrifices we made.
The families of the men who'd died that night would be handed a folded up flag. Their brothers and teammates would pound an Eagle and Anchor Insignia into their casket and their bodies would be lowered to the earth.
All of this without a single civilian knowing of their true sacrifices for country.
This was my chance. Even in a TOP SECRET hearing where I was defending my own honor, I knew. I was defending the honor of all the heroes who went before, who were lost in missions similarly unacknowledged and unsanctioned.
When I finished speaking, I was mentally drained. I'd recounted the tale of the night of the raid in exacting detail. My story would match the Chief's exactly.
Of that I had no doubt.
But it was time for the questioning.
The prosecutor was first.
He was a tall man. A Marine Corps Captain, lean and wiry with a nose that crooked slightly and a brow that seemed constantly furrowed, the type of man weary from having tried too many of his own for heinous crimes.
He began. "Mr. Pike. You say that you were engaged by an enemy force found to be loading trucks within the facility."
"Yes. That's correct," I replied. "The enemy was distributed throughout the facility and seemed to be loading whatever had been stored at the facility into three large trucks in the central compound upon our arrival. When we spotted the men we immediately established a perimeter and engaged the force from an elevated position."
The prosecutorial attorney nodded. "What were these men loading into the trucks?"
I paused for a moment. "We never actually got a good look at what was going into the trucks. But Intel stated that the facility was being used as a staging area for insurgent strikes against allied forces in the area. We assumed the cargo to be weapons. And the secondary explosion seemed to have confirmed that."
The lawyer strode across the room to a tall easel which was covered with a blank piece of paper. He flipped the page.
"This is a satellite photo of the facility the morning after Operation Afghan Sunset." He paused and pointed to the main compound. "As you can see, the facility is completely destroyed. The FA/18 airstrike devastated the entirety of what remained of any sort of evidentiary support for your claims."
He paused.
"At least, the airstrike destroyed the main compound. The school was left intact."
He flipped the page again. The photo that LCDR Meyers had shown me on day one was blown up, the bodies of the children laying dead across the concrete floor of the school, shot execution style.
I shuddered.
"Do you recognize this photo, Lieutenant?" The lawyer asked as I shook my head.
"I recognize the photo." I replied. "My attorney provided me a copy in the Brig."
He nodded and sidled slowly up to rail that divided the stand from the rest of the courtroom.
"Did you and your men ever enter the school?" He asked.
"No." I replied, unblinking.
He turned away and flipped through more charts. More photos of the devastation. Of dead children.
My response never changed. This back and forth went on for half an hour until the tall and thin Marine prosecutor returned to his desk. "I have no further questions at this time."
My attorney nodded. I'd apparently performed well.
Now came the hard part.


Chapter 22:
I took a deep breath as my attorney approached the witness stand.
"Lieutenant Pike," he said pausing for effect, "Did you or any member of your team enter the school in the compound at any point during Operation Afghan Sunset?"
"No." I answered, already tired of the question.
"Really? Can you prove that?" He continued.
"No, sir." I answered, wondering where he was going with this line of questioning. I thought he was my lawyer.
"And why is that?" He asked, winking ever so subtly as he did.
"Communication broadcasts and helmet cam footage were unavailable for this mission." I replied, beginning to see the brilliance of his line of questioning.
He turned to the judge and the prosecutor in turn. "Unavailable? I thought it was standard procedure to record all missions for training and intelligence purposes. Were you men not provided with a standard pack?"
"We were, sir. But it was different equipment. Non-recordable. And the AWACs were ordered to broadcast a live feed to an undisclosed location without recording the operation."
I glanced at the JAG officer again as Chief Jones sat in stunned silence.
My lawyer nodded and walked to the defense table where he pulled the classified folder from his briefcase.
He took a deep breath. He was risking his career by bringing TOP SECRET information to the court without approval.
"I have here a copy of the OP order for Operation Afghan Sunset. I request that this be entered into classified evidence. The highlighted sections clearly show that this mission was authorized at the highest levels, and that normal electronic record keeping was suspended."
The judge turned a bright shade of red momentarily.
He reached out and took the folder from LCDR Meyers. "This is highly irregular." He glanced at the folder. "And TOP SECRET."
Meyers nodded. "Captain," he replied, "It is our intent to prove that the team was sent into a firefight with flawed intelligence and non standard equipment in order to cover the tracks of a secondary covert operation which resulted in the child fatalities."
The judge flipped through the file before looking back towards the two SEALs whose fate rested in his hands during this Article 32 Hearing.
He took a moment, before closing the file and responding. "So far, this is all circumstantial. What other evidence do you have to support your claims that this crime was committed by other than Lieutenant Pike's team?"
"Yes, sir." He replied, pausing.
"This evidence is only hours old, but NCIS found an eyewitness to the events. A young boy. I have a transcript of his testimony. I will read one segment and offer the statement for inclusion into the official case file."
He cleared his throat. "They were Americans," he began, carefully reading the young boy's testimony. "But they were dressed like Afghan citizens."
He read from the report slowly, purposefully. "They were wearing the traditional local clothing, and were heavily armed. They came in the middle of the night. They pulled the boys from their beds and lined them up in the center of the schoolyard. They shot them all."
LCDR Meyers paused again. Resuming the report
"I was hiding. I was crying but they didn't hear me. Then I ran for the outside. To the hills. I waited there all night. Afraid to move. Hours later, the airplanes came."
The judge nodded. "Again, circumstantial. The men were speaking English. That points to the SEAL Team."
My lawyer nodded. "I have here the medical examiner's report from the six SEALs killed that night. All of their uniforms were covered in residue of cordite and gunpowder."
The judge nodded.
He realized now what we had earlier.
"If the men had been wearing the disguises, they wouldn't have been covered in explosive residue."
My attorney nodded.
"This is all very disconcerting, the judge stated after a few moments.
"Between the report that you have highlighted and this child's testimony, it is starting to look more and more like the SEALs were set up to fail."
He shook his head.
The prosecuting attorney stood and paced towards the bench.
His face was a mask of calm. Every inch the Marine Officer, he stood tall. "Sir, I request a recess to review this new evidence and recommend disposition of this case."
The judge nodded. "I think that is an excellent idea. We will reconvene tomorrow morning."
I sighed and stood, walking towards my attorney. I nodded as the MP took up position beside me and began to escort me back out the door to the waiting government vehicle outside.


Chapter 23:
Dinner at the Brig was brown mush.
It tasted like gravy. They called it Salisbury steak.
"You going to eat that?" Pete Rogers asked as I peered around the room.
I shook my head and he turned hungrily to the tray of half eaten mush.
"How can you eat that stuff, Pete?" I asked as I tried to look non-chalant and relaxed in the dining hall.
He just shrugged.
I hadn't seen the chubby guard since the night before. That brought some relief to my anxiety.
Although telling the truth at my Article 32 hearing had been liberating and the right thing to do, it was nerve wracking.
I knew that at some point the powers that be would be seeking retribution.
The powers that be.
I pondered that phrase. A phrase I don't think I'd understood until the last few days.
There were powers that could dictate the timing and equipment of TOP SECRET SEAL missions.
Powers that could have you attacked and killed inside a military prison.
Powers that commanded the very structure of the military prison facility; that could access you anywhere, find your family anywhere.
A shiver ran down my spine as Pete Rogers slurped down what remained of my brown mush.
"What's wrong, LT?" Pete asked as he took a last drink from his carton of milk and pushed the tray back towards my side of the table.
"Who are these people?" I asked, cradling my head in my hands for a moment before looking across the small steel table to Pete's lean and hard face.
He nodded and leaned in towards me. "The ones pulling the strings?" He asked.
I nodded.
"The same men who have been pulling the strings for time immemorial, I would assume." He responded finally. "The ones with the most to lose."
He smiled sadly and leaned back.
I nodded. "Pete," I said a second later, " I never asked, but why are you in here?"
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, his hands still as they rested on the cold steel of the small table.
"The same reason you are, Lieutenant. Men with the most to lose decided that my team and I made convenient fall guys."
"Well, I don't think they've found me to be a very convenient fall guy at this point." I said, pausing. "It looks like the charges might be dismissed."
Pete shook his head and whistled softly.
"Be careful, Lieutenant. These men, they don't function within the law. They don't answer to any power higher than themselves. They only respect money and power."
"I can't let them get away with this." I said to no one in particular, only half convinced that I believed it.
Pete leaned forward, intent now. "If you never listen to a word I say, listen to me on this point. If you are fortunate enough to have your charges dropped in the Article 32 Hearing, let it go. Digging any deeper will only get you killed... Get your family killed."
The skin around my eyes tightened as I squinted with rage.
"And they get away with it. With killing those children. With killing my men. With dragging the entire SEAL organization through the mud." My hands made fists on the metal table as I peered around the room.
"That's right, Lieutenant. And you and your family live."
He stood slowly across the table. His trident tattoo was exposed momentarily as the material pulled away from his arm while he reached out for his tray.
He caught me looking and smiled sadly.
"I wish I'd had your courage, Lieutenant." He walked slowly away, his head sweeping slowly side to side, his stride slow but athletic. Still every inch the SEAL despite his years in confinement.
I shook my head before standing and walking towards the scullery behind him.
Wondering what Pete had been convicted of.
He was too in the know. Too familiar with whatever organization had been pulling the strings this whole time.
I quickened my step and caught up to him moments later just after he'd set his tray on the counter.
I stepped in front of him.
"I need to know what you know about these men." I said quietly as I set my tray on the counter next to Pete's.
He smiled sadly and shrugged.
"I've been here for ten years. Convicted of a crime that my team and I did not commit. Since then, I've watched the same thing happen to other men. Those pulling the string are almost invisible. They act with boldness and impunity."
I nodded.
A guard was closing in on our location. Prisoners were not supposed to talk in small groups in the dining facility.
"So, what I know about these men," Pete continued," Is that they've done this before. Most men roll over and accept the prison sentence. Accept the shame, rather than risk it all. You are the exception, Lieutenant. A true SEAL."
A tear rolled slowly down his face as he turned away, the guard closing in on our location.
"If you want to know who did this thing," he asked before stepping away, "find the other men they've left to rot in the Federal and Military prisons around the country."


Chapter 24:
I tossed and turned that night.
Waiting.
Waiting for retribution that never came.
At least, retribution that never came upon me.
As the day broke through the small cell window, I breathed a sigh of relief and stretched. My Article 32 Hearing would reconvene at 0830.
I stood and stretched, the pain in my back slightly diminished.
I glanced in the small aluminum mirror affixed firmly to the wall and lifted my shirt. The bruise from the rubber bullet was turning from a deep purple to a lighter blue and yellow.
I fell to the floor and did a few pushups and sit ups. Shaved. Splashed water on my face, and waited.
It wasn't long before the buzzer sounded and the door to my cell opened.
I groaned.
Outside the cell stood the chubby, crooked toothed guard who'd led me to solitary two nights earlier.
He flashed me a crooked smile. "Good morning, Lieutenant." He gave me my space and escorted me down the hallway.
"You know," I said as we walked towards the dining hall, "If you want me to go somewhere with you, all you have to do is ask... The Taser the other night was overkill."
He laughed without mirth and stepped closer, his hands grabbing my shoulder roughly as we stepped down the cold concrete hall past the empty cells that lined the pretrial confinement section of the facility.
"Is that right?" He asked, his voice a low hiss in my ear. "You going to be completely docile?"
I nodded. "I don't see that I have many other options."
He laughed again. "Good thing you see that now. Your friend Pete, he never did learn that lesson. Well, not until last night, at least."
"What do you mean?" I asked, my eyes narrowing as I stopped short in the hallway, the chubby officer's pudgy hands tightening around my upper arm as he led me to the dining hall.
"Oh, you didn't hear?" He answered, smiling.
"Your buddy Pete Rogers, well... Sorry to tell you, but he killed himself last night. Hung himself with his shoestrings in his cell."
I closed my eyes tight and took a deep breath.
I could not allow myself to lash out against this man. That was what he wanted.
A reason. Any reason to eliminate me. So, I shook my head and continued walking.
It was one of the hardest things that I've ever done.
When we reached the dining hall, I looked around, hoping against all hope that the guard had been lying. That Pete was here. That he'd just been trying to elicit a response from me.
The tall thin former SEAL was nowhere to be found.
I walked through the line on autopilot. My head downcast.
The men around me seemed to avoid me like the plague.
I couldn't blame them.
Everyone who interacted with me since I arrived had been killed.
The big man.
Now, Pete.
I wouldn't talk to me either.
Breakfast was toast and oatmeal.
I didn't eat. I just stared at my plate until the time came to head back to my hearing.
The time to hear my fate.
The chubby young guard stood waiting, leaning lazily against the concrete wall by the door.
He escorted me down the long corridor, past the empty cells of the pretrial confinement area and through the heavy steel doors that led to the concrete landing outside.
There, my attorney waited, standing next to the large black SUV that would drive me to my hearing.
He smiled. "Good morning."
I just nodded as the MPs handcuffed me and helped me into the vehicle.
As I settled tiredly into the cloth back seat, my arms cuffed behind me, I leaned my head against the darkly tinted window of the vehicle.
Another SEAL was dead at the hands of whoever was responsible for the events of the last few days.
I closed my eyes as the cool glass pressed against my temple and my attorney climbed into the vehicle beside me.
"You alright, Lieutenant?" He asked as the MPs climbed into the two front seats and the vehicle pulled slowly away from the Brig, yesterday's rain having given way to a bright and cool morning which only made the darkness of my situation that much more painful.
I realized now what Pete had meant.
I knew beyond all doubt that if this Article 32 Hearing resulted in the charges being dismissed, I needed to disappear.
Justice, I now knew, would have to wait.


Chapter 25:
Like the day earlier, the tall brick steps to the courtroom were crowded with reporters. All seeking a shot of my face, a statement about the events of that night.
Thankfully, we drove right past the teeming throng of reporters.
My lawyer smiled.
"We will head around back, sir." Said the young Military Police driver as he wove through traffic and turned a hard right around the side of the building.
I was grateful for the anonymity this morning.
My lawyer nodded at me and asked a single question. "You ready?"
I nodded and stepped through the thick metal door as the MP opened it. The walk was interminable, but at least there was no delay this morning.
As we walked through the foyer, I glimpsed Leigh and Clementine standing together near the heavy wooden double doors at the front of the building. I nodded and tried to smile.
Leigh waved.
She could have no idea what was going on inside the courtroom.
No one did.
The proceedings had been sealed to all except for two Navy SEALs, three lawyers, and one Judge.
The doors to the courtroom swung shut behind me as the MPs unlocked my handcuffs and my lawyer and I stepped down the hardwood floor to the defense table.
Chief Jones was already here.
His broad and strong black hand drummed insistently on the table as he waited.
He nodded. "Good morning, sir." He said, sitting a little straighter in his wheelchair.
I returned the gesture and took my own wooden chair.
I didn't remain seated for long.
"Attention on deck." The voice rang out strong and steady.
The Judge entered the room and took his seat.
"Seats." He ordered, setting a thick file folder on the desk before him.
"I'd like to reconvene the Article 32 Hearing placed in recess on the preceding day." He stated.
"I have thoroughly reviewed the evidence in this case, including the evidence submitted by the defendant's attorney and am prepared to make my recommendation to the convening authority."
"Lieutenant Pike, please stand." He ordered.
I stood at attention, a bead of sweat rolling slowly down my face as I awaited my fate.
"Chief Petty Officer Jones, raise your hand."
Chief raised his hand in the air, shifting in his wheelchair.
"Lieutenant Pike, Chief Jones; it is the recommendation of this court that all criminal charges be dismissed. My report to the convening authority is forthcoming. Furthermore, you are hereby released from pretrial confinement."
I breathed a sigh of relief. Chief Jones lowered his hand.
"Unfortunately, gentlemen, the evidence that exonerated your team is classified. That means that while you are innocent in the eyes of your country and your Navy, the trial by media is likely to continue."
I nodded.
I could neither defend myself based on the evidence in the report that had freed me nor could I remain silent.
Pete Rogers had been right.
There was only one thing I could do.
Disappear.
There were congratulations all around. My attorney smiled and gave me a hearty handshake. Chief Jones turned and waved. I remained standing.
"Attention on Deck." The voice rang out once more, calling all to the position of attention as the Captain stepped from behind the bench and left the room.
I remained standing, motionless for a few moments.
Then I stepped down the long wooden hallway past the empty chairs that lined the courtroom, my steps echoing off the hard and faded wood. Beyond the two dark wooden doors, my wife and child waited, potential victims of the same organization that had taken the lives of twenty school children, and seven of my friends.
I would not allow them to suffer the same fate.
The crowd had thinned when I reached the foyer. Only a few uniformed personnel and Leigh and Clementine remained.
Leigh's dark hair cascaded down her face. Her mascara was still running slightly from the tears she'd shed.
When she saw me standing alone, outside of the handcuffs she knew.
She ran to me and threw her arms around my neck her soft lips pressed against mine.
"I knew you were innocent." She whispered, as Clementine's little arms wrapped around my upper thigh.
"Daddy," she said sweetly, "Are you coming home now?"
"Yes," I answered. I'm coming home now."


Chapter 26:
I peered out the passenger window of Leigh's station wagon as we pulled slowly from the small parking lot behind the courthouse. In the back seat, Clementine was singing and kicking the back of my chair.
Normally I might have told her to stop.
Not this morning.
The cool fresh air poured through the windows of the vehicle as Leigh pulled through the main gate of the Naval facility.
The next traffic light was our turn. She began to merge into the right lane. Our home was only minutes away.
"No." I said. "Go straight."
She turned towards me inquisitively, "What? That leads to the interstate."
I nodded. "We can't go home." I said simply and without explanation.
She shook her head. "Does this have to do with the men who followed us up to the cabin?"
"Yes," I answered.
She continued onto the interstate.
The busy streets of Norfolk were soon behind us as Leigh pulled into a small gas station along the side of the interstate ten minutes later.
As I climbed from the car to pay for the fuel, Clementine continued to laugh and sing in the back seat, her voice carrying over the sound of the cars passing on the highway.
"Where will we go?" Leigh asked, her voice steady.
I shrugged. "I can't go back to my unit. We can't go home. We just need to get off the radar for a while."
"Jackson," she said pushing the hair from her face, "what happened in there?"
I shook my head sadly. "Nothing," I replied. "And everything."
Someday I would try to explain. Some day.
For now it was enough that she and Clementine believed we needed to disappear.
For now, that would do.
As I strode towards the cashier's window, digging a few wrinkled bills from my pocket, I scanned the cars that passed by the gas station, not sure what I was looking for.
There, I thought as the white Crown Victoria appeared from around the corner for the second time.
We were being followed.
I walked with purpose, neither too fast nor too slow to the small glass window inside of the convenience store.
I peeled a few bills from my wallet and paid, my mind racing as I watched Leigh hang the nozzle back on the gas pump. She smiled, unaware of the vehicle that circled our location.
The midday sun streamed through the glass windows of the convenience store. I hadn't seen the vehicle drive past since I'd walked in.
That could only mean one thing.
I glanced towards the rear of the store. Next to the restrooms was an emergency exit. I pressed hard on the emergency exit door stepped into the bright midday sun.
I found the car parked where I would have expected. Near a gas pump, within full view of the facility but not close enough to be suspicious. There were no cameras on this side of the facility. Both men remained in the vehicle.
I scanned my surroundings. Theirs was the only vehicle on this side of the gas station, and a copse of trees masked the rear of the building from view of the interstate and the adjacent access road.
I grimaced. I would take no pleasure in what I was about to do.
I pushed my way back into the convenience store. Inside I grabbed a large glass bottle of iced tea and as many cans of lighter fluid as I could.
A cheap twenty-five cent lighter was all that remained. I obtained one from the clerk, who looked at me like I was insane.
Maybe I am insane, I thought as I went to work.
My undershirt made an excellent wick, and the lighter fluid would do the rest.
When I emerged from the restroom moments later, I held what is colloquially called a Molotov cocktail.
I pushed open the back door of the gas station once more, lighting the lighter fluid soaked wick as I did.
I heaved the glass bottle across the parking lot and the bottle shattered, showering lighter fluid across the vehicle, the gas pump and the men inside.
I didn't wait and watch.
I walked as casually as possible towards the glass double doors at the front of the store. I nodded kindly to the clerk and stepped through the parking lot to the station wagon.
I smiled to Leigh and waved to Clementine.
"I'll drive," I said as casually as possible as Leigh climbed into the passenger seat.
I accelerated quickly as we merged onto the interstate. In the rear view mirror I could see a ball of flame and a column of thick black smoke begin to rise from behind the gas station.
I smiled and turned to Leigh, taking her hand in my own.
As the road stretched away from us I knew that we had to leave all vestiges of our past lives behind.
In my mind, among the quiet hypnosis of the passing vehicles and asphalt whooshing below our feet, I had already drafted my letter of resignation from the SEALs.
I squeezed Leigh's hand tighter and drove on down the highway, another face in a vehicle on the interstate.
Pete Rogers had been right. I needed to disappear.
Luckily for my family and I, I'd trained for years to do just that.

The End

Did you enjoy Afghan Sunset: A Jackson Pike Novella? 

If so, be sure to find more of Patrick Adams full length works including the sequel entitled Iron Triangle: A Jackson Pike Novel at fine ebook retailers everywhere!
